2	Vastly different experience than the Keg that is in Old Montreal.Steak undercooked, potato overcooked. Not a good combination.
4	Went there for a business dinner, everything was good. I heard they have another one in old Montreal, weather was too cold, so we decided to come to this new location, I like the layout/design of this place.I ordered Fliet. it came out exactly what I want. everyone else's order looks good.  the drinks were great as well. I would come back if I'm come back to Montreal again for sure
4	I've been here a few times, and it's always delivered. There are better steakhouses, but this place is tops for "bang for the buck", this is not to say it's cheap, just great value. I've had great steaks, and last time, some great Ahi Tuna, it was a perfect meal. And the atmosphere is top notch, a comfortable hip feel.
1	What was I thinking?  I should have been suspicious when I saw all of there  advertisements in the guide books but it was so convenient  to our hotel.    It  was Thursday evening and the bar was packed with the after the after work crowd.  We checked in without a reservation and were told to come back in 30 minutes well, why complain, when we came back it took another 30 minutes to get seated.      The  strip  steak was small and thin and  lord, can these people disrespect a potato.  How can you mess up a baked potato? They must cook them in advance and  reheat them.   So, long wait, noisy room, weak drinks  [ I think that they asked me if I wanted tto "Keg" size my scotch and soda.  I guess that it is like biggie sizing your drink.  What they brought was scotch and water but hey ]     They get a one star  . Montreal has so much more to offer. See the reviews of  L'express Restaurant.
4	I think you get what you pay for in terms of steak in Montreal.Not too bad. There is one in Old Montreal that i think is better though..
5	Great meal, we had a terrific waitress (funny, personable and knowledgeable) and the atmosphere was nice.
4	Ah The Keg. My first foray in the madness of steakhouse fanboyism. It's The Keg, was is there to say? Most Montrealers and Torontonians are familiar with it as each city has more than a few franchises. And there's the rub... franchises, meaning that everything is designed to please everyone as much as possible. Very dark and masculine decor, because let's face it, the steak obsessed are mostly men, though I know a few women who worship steak like I do. And since this is mostly a man's obsession, the service is all female and by female, I mean insanely hot women and by insanely hot women, I mean you'll forget your own name hot. Well at least in the lounge area. The dining area has more elegant women dressed in a more classical outfits. I like slutty women as much as the next guy but I always prefer elegance over sluttiness; a woman wearing a tailleur is sexier than a woman with a skirt so short it qualifies as a belt, but I digress.Again this was the first Steakhouse experience I've had and back then it was a glorious experience in steak obsession. But since then I've travelled and tried Steakhouses all over North America so The Keg sort of lost its shine and on 3 occasions my bill remained unpaid for ruining my steak. But they deliver a better than decent steak with tasty side dishes. They often have specials with their steaks, such as a New-York strip topped with Boursain cream cheese and chipotle chutney, which was amazing.All the mixed drinks come in Keg sizes as well as regular, getting you drunk fast and that bartender is often well qualified and delivers very good drinks such as Tom Collins, Long Islands, and the sort. The deserts are the boring usual suspects expected of chain restaurants but are delicious none the less. It's a great place to enjoy affordable well prepared steaks with groups or office lunches and so forth but fails to be my go to steakhouse when I want to rock my palate with an awesome steak.4 stars for what it is. If I were judging just the steak, I'd give it a 3-stars.
5	The keg caught my eye when I was in Vancouver when I was only 13, simply for the fact that they cooked my steak the way I want it cooked, rare.  Flash foward a few years to a vacation in Montreal.  I happen to walk past the old Keg and found out there is one that is located right by my hotel.  The appitizers were very good.  Yet the steaks were simpley the best.  I have been to other major steak houses such as Ruth Chris but I prefer the Keg.  The steaks are just soo tender.  The desserts are very good to, from what I remember I got the Billy Miner.  I would say this is my favorite steak house my a large margin.I wish they would open up one in the NYC area, I would visit it a lot.
1	I've been to a lot of different Keg Steakhouses around Canada, but I would not return to this one.  The food was good, but the service was horrible.  I've been to the Keg in Old Montreal many times, which is always a great experience.  Friendly staff and good food.  Here at Place Ville-Marie... it was a different story.The staff was plentiful, young, attractive and bored.  They all stood around chatting and flirting with one another instead of attending to customers.  The worst part were the hosts/hostesses.  They were plain rude and upset that we were carrying large bags.  They wanted us to check them.  Ridiculous - there was lots of space at the tables, and the restaurant was half empty.  We received a lot of attitude.  I will never be back at this location!  When in Montreal, go to the one located at the Old Port instead.  So much better.
4	Dine here on an almost Bi-weekly basis, great for a consistent meal that is not over-priced.  Service is quick and food is great, even when compared to a Moishe's (besides not paying $60 for a steak) or something similar.Great spot if you're looking for a regular staple that serves a great steak, seafood, or chicken (not the most vegetarian friendly restaurant) without breaking the budget (or expense account).
3	good food.  nothing special. very pricey.
4	Excellent food, expensive, did I mention excellent food?
4	After dining in a MUCH more expensive and upscale steak house in Montreal and having a horrible experience, we tried the " KEG"The food is terrific and  very well prepared. The service was very prompt. While in Montreal for 5 days, we ate at this location 2x. Both times were delicious.This is a place we will be going back to often!!!
4	Hubby & I have been here 3 times. First time - GREAT, awesome service (I still remember the waiter) and the meals & dessert was fantastic.Second time - MEDIOCRE, either the waiter or the cook got my husband's meal wrong. They made him the steak dish with the blue cheese sauce on top. The waiter noticed, said something first, and brought the right meal to him... we had to wait of course. Round #2, the steak was cooked very rare and hubby specifically ordered medium-rare. He got only a couple accompanying vegetables (it was embarrassing), yet the first dish with the blue cheese had a huge portion of veggies. THEN, later on he discovered a fruit fly in his glass of wine.At this point he felt obligated to say something b/c our experience was deteriorating.... and fast. We weren't able to eat together because of the dish error and the wine fly grossed him out. We asked for the Manager & thankfully she handled the situation well. She apologized and they paid for my hubby's meal and wine. Third time - FAIL (but not for me), hubby's steak was not cooked to his full satisfaction. It was too rare. He said next time we're going to Gibby's. LOL! I always order the Chicken Oscar @ The Keg and I always like it.
5	Great steakhouse. Beats the crap out of the old port one (which looks like a cheap diner). Don't mess around, just get the 10oz filet mignon, applewood smoked bacon, skip the blue cheese (they don't do it right). Price is what you would expect. Good experiences, gone a few times and will go back. Can't say the same for the one in the old port though.
4	How come when you are travelling for work you always crave a steak dinner?  I was by myself so I figured I worked hard and I deserve a nice steak dinner so I went to this Keg.  It was packed because of Cinq a Sept but I managed to snag a table at the bar.  The servers were great and I had a splendid rib steak filled with delicious grilled veggies.  I was in and out in no time.  I was happy and sated and that's what Keg is all about.  Good food, consistent service and great vibe.
4	Sat at the bar and received great service. The food was worth the price. Also great wine selection. Would eat here again next time I am in town.
3	Went to The Keg and what I am gonna write will seem a little strange, yes their steak was ok, it was a little cold actually. BUT, BUT, BUT,  their Mac & Cheese! It came to me all golden brown, crispy on the top, gooey in the middle. The truffle oil was a nice touch, making it all the better. I loved it and so did the hubby.  It was so good I didn't want to share!So, instead of the steak, what I am looking forward too is the 6$ side order of mac & cheese.Try it out, and tell me what you think!
5	I stayed at the Fairmont (across the street).  This restaurant exceeded my expectations going into it.  On a Saturday night, a group of 5 had no trouble getting a table around 7:30 (although it got busy quickly).Service was excellent.  The wine menu was good.  Most importantly the food was outstanding, especially for the price.  The steaks were cooked perfectly and were very flavorful; the lobster tails were great (a nice touch with the candle heated butter); even the salads were very good.
4	Really god in the evenings to share a wine ans cheeses with someone specialNice to have a supper in the end of a hard dayNot too relaxing if you don't have reservation, But is not a big deal anywaysService, menu and ambiance, is a goal.
4	I had the BBQ ribs and my husband had the top sirloin. Both were delicious and had good flavor. Our server was very nice and was attentive without being a pest. This restaurant was very nice and clean as well as being very well maintained during a busy Friday night. Tables were promptly cleaned as diners vacated them. If you are looking for a nice place to have a date night I would highly recommend this location.
4	I normally don't go for "chain" restaurants, but since I was in Canada - and The Keg originated up North - I figured I would patronize it and see how much it differs from the ones we have in DFW, where I live.This location is a busy one... downtown, amidst the skyscrapers of business and government.  Arriving on a Tuesday night at 6pm, I noted the bar and restaurant were packed with mostly men doing deals and scouting out the few females seated around the huge bar.I ALMOST would knock my rating down a star based on the wine list.  I know it is a chain - so their abilities to serve good wine while being uniform and ubiquitous are harder than some restaurants.  For some reason, this is one of the only restaurants in Quebec that does not have many french wines on the list.  There were a lot of American vintages, but nothing even remotely on the high-end.  However, the prices were unbelievable: Menage A Trois was $12 for a 170ml glass or $17 for 250ml.  Back home in Texas, not only is MaT a "grocery-store-wine" but it is $8/bottle.The Keg is a STEAKHOUSE, and on this front they do not disappoint.  And... doing one up on some other meat-places, they serve a full meal of salad (caeser or wedge), steak, vegetables,  and a choice of side (I choose twice-baked potato).  Steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare as I asked) and seasoned well (I believe it was the "Montreal" seasoning I buy at my local Costco - YUM!)Service was good.  Overall a good meal in a predictable environment - Perfect for a business meal, romantic dinner or a special occasion WITHOUT spending a small fortune.
4	Yum. I just love the keg.Food is yummyService is fastServers are friendlyPrices are decentWhat else can you ask for??
5	The concierge of the Hilton almost insited that we go there. Since it was just around the corner and we were really up for a good steak we took his advice.The first impression was a high price steak house. After a short time we got our table. Second impression: high class, moderate prices, and exellent food quality. Also the waitresses were very observing.We came back the next day already!!!
5	This is my favorite steakhouse!Food is always consistently good, fittingly priced, service is top notch - all in a beautiful, stylish, spacious decor downtown.This place is always buzzing, extremely popular for business folks in the area. They do not take reservations on fridays or saturdays nor special event days. Waiting time for an average evening is usually 30 mins to an hour. You can either hang at the bar while you wait or I would suggest sitting outside, or right below in the Pace Ville Marie mall, there are some comfortable seats near the food court.I usually get a filet mignon or other tender cut of meat along with baked potato, cesar salad. Meat is always cooked just right and seasoned perfectly. Their filet mignon truly feels like butter. For appetizers, I''ve tried their garlic butter shrimps, with melted cheese on top - comes in a cute little plate, absolutely delicious. They also serve a basket of warm bread for every table which I love. Bread is so soft and warm, butter melts right on it. There are other pricey steakhouses that do not serve bread so this is a detail that sets The Keg apart.If you're in the mood for desert but don't know what to pick, they have a sampler of 3 different things, cake, mouse and creme brulee. All are very good.The Keg is always a good choice for a date or special occasion, it's delicious food, great service, superb ambiance and location.
4	I got the 8oz sirloin with the veggies.  I really liked my steak.  I usually get the filet mignon but it seemed like they had a bigger selection of sirloins.   So, I tried something different for once.  I was happy with my dish.  It came with wild mushrooms which was also a nice surprise bc I LOVE mushrooms!  We went with another couple for a bday dinner.  The bigger steaks can tend to be a bit more rare if you order medium rare so I suggest to order medium to save a trip back to the grill.  They have great shooter mix and specialty drinks.  This is a trendy classy decor with a lot of young professionals (25+)  It's packed on the weekends.  So there is a wait up to 30+ min unless you sit at the bar or catch a table around the bar instead of dining else where.  It's just as similar as dining table but quicker service.  Great place to bring friends or date.
4	My favorate steak house!Prices very reasonable for what you are getting and service always nice!worth the wait
4	Had a great prime rib here and the ribeye steaks that others had looked great too.  the Keg sauce was also really good and the service was great.
5	I have been to the Keg several times, and am never disappointed. It's obvious why they are so well-known for their steaks; they cook them to perfection, and on the rare occasion they don't get it to your specifications, they gladly take it back and redo it. I took my boyfriend for dinner as a treat, because I'm usually always on the "receiving end" when it comes to dinner out. This is the 21st century after all! I normally get the New York strip steak, medium rare, with a plain baked potato, but alas I was not in the mood for red meat on this particular night (a rarity, really). Also, I didn't want to break my calorie bank! I opted for the teriyaki chicken with pineapple salsa, accompanied by a plain baked potato and grilled veggies. I've had teriyaki chicken elsewhere and was a little hesitant because a lot of times grilled chicken breast come out dry in most restaurants. Knowing that The Keg normally does grilling quite masterfully, I went with it. I was really glad I trusted my gut; the chicken was delicious and juicy, the side sauce was the perfect balance of sweet and salty and the veggies were grilled perfectly. I was pleasantly delighted and definitely recommend this dish to someone looking for a steak alternative at The Keg!
3	Nice atmosphere and the ribeye was good. However, the prime rib was tasteless, the half a serving of crab was overcooked and salty and the sides were disappointing (asparagus was plain and bitter, mashed potatoes were just ok, fried shoestring potatoes were greasy and tasteless (prime rib was plated with them, we did not order them), French fries tasted as if they were reconstituted although we we're told they were fresh cut).  We were looking for a nice last meal before our flight home. Disappointing.
4	I had promised my husband a steak before we left Montreal and this place was within walking distance to our hotel.  I was a bit dismayed to find out it was a chain (we have a strict no-chain-policy when we are dining out on vacation) but since we had never heard of 'The Keg' we decided to go for it.  And I'm so glad we did!It was a pretty happening place so on a Thursday night we were told the wait would be about 45 minutes.  They had a very nice patio and we were lucky enough to snag a table while we waited.  The waitress came over with a drink menu but it was all in French.  My husband inquired about a menu in English but the waitress couldn't find one and said it didn't really matter, that alcohol translates the same way...lol.  Ordering a beer and a sangria for me wasn't too difficult so I guess she was correct!The patio was loud but enjoyable nonetheless.  Soon enough our pager started buzzing and we were seated.  The atmosphere alone is worth one star.  Perfect lighting, soft music playing, and a corner booth that was pretty private.  My husband had been wanting a cup of French onion soup and was pleased to see it on the menu.  He went with that, the wedge salad and a steak.  I'm not a big fan of beef - I went with a tossed salad and the Teriyaki chicken.  After practically licking the bowl my husband said he could 'eat that soup every day of his life'.  I think it cured him of his French Soup craving!  His stake was very pink, tender and delicious, just the way he likes it.  My salad was a bit hard to eat - long thin strip of vegetables topped the lettuce.  While it looked nice, I would have preferred a normal tossed salad.  The chicken was very tender and juicy and the teriyaki sauce quite good.  Since we were there celebrating my birthday I received a dessert on the house (Billy Miner Pie) complete with a sparkler in it.  The reason for 4 and not 5 stars was the service.  There were a few missteps along the way - such as not receiving the lemon for my water I asked for until the very end of the meal - which was a bit odd.  Why bring it at all.  We were never sure who our waiter was as there were 3 different people working our section.  It was probably meant to be efficient but was just confusing imo.  For a bill well over $100 I would have expected the service to be better.  But will I go back - yes, I will.  Because when I got home I looked up the Keg and found out there's one in Windsor, just across the river!  :)
5	Outstanding.  We ate outside on a gorgeous day.  The appetizers we had were the bacon wrapped scallops, crab cakes, and baked garlic shrimp.  They were all to die for.  For our main courses, we had the rib steak with crab legs, the prime rib with crab legs, and the filet Oscar.  The steaks were all just the way steaks should be.  Caramelized on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The whole experience was wonderful from the service to the food to the price.  Can't wait to go back.
4	A keg like all the rest in short.This one has a nice location, good service as always. Both times I have been here have been good. Food is always prime like any Keg I've been to. Definitely check this one out, it's clean and HUGE !! Haha
4	One of my favourite locations.  Love the decor and lounge aspect to this location. Service is great, as the staff are very helpful. I tend to use this location for business lunches and all those that I bring have great experiences there.
5	My girlfriend and I went here for a late New Year's Eve dinner. We tried making a reservation but weren't able to since we called last minute. They told us to just come and wait but didn't give us any information regarding the wait time. We got there and were told the wait would be 60-75minutes. We got a great table in an hour and it was worth the wait. We had drinks at the bar and they even came around with a tray of free appetizers while we were waiting. I got the New York strip steak that was cooked perfectly. My girlfriend got the filet and in her own words, "it was soooooooo good". We might have had 5 staff members waiting on us. Our water and wine glasses were always full. My girlfriend has allergies and someone other than our waitress even came over to put her at ease about the food preparation. Even though the restaurant was swamped we had great service. For a steakhouse, the price was below average. Our steaks came with a salad and a side that were included in the price of our steaks. We were even able to get a cheap bottle of wine!
3	This restaurant has great all American style steaks. Great place to bring the guys or a group of friends. Don't expect a huge list of wine outside of American selections - definitely ask the waitress which one would be right for you because they did run out of a few bottles when I went. I only gave this location 3 stars because the service wasn't up to par.
2	It's the second time that my buddy and I went to this place... First time it was for happy hour on a Thursday night sometime in January and back a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday night to watch the game in the bar section.  Food is ok, but nothing fantastic for the price and the bar section is crammed against a wall and I don't feel it gets the space and love that it should get.Not going back anytime soon.===Additional comment:I'll give it another shot in a warmer month.  I don't think that this is going to help much for the bar section when trying to watch a game, but I promise to try it!
4	This place is definitely a must try if you like steak. I recommend the Rib steak, medium rare with the twice baked potato. It's basically a stuffed baked potato that has chives bacon and sour cream mashed into it. The best part of the steak was the seasoning. Even if you are a purist I think you should give this one a try! It works! Only thing I think they can improve on is dessert. All the choices seemed kind of standard, like there was nothing I felt like I had to have Or couldn't get elsewhere. For all I know it could have just been a third party delivery service. It did taste like one.The service was great too. They had an hr long wait for 5 people, when we got there so we just went to the bar to have a few drinks and one of the managers said he would get us a table right away. We were seated before we even finished the drink.Over all go there for the steak and drinks, skip the dessert. There are many places around you can just walk to, especially if you're on a date it will be a nice touch.
5	The food is great, The service is impeccable,And the restaurant is elegant.Great experience and outsanding food.
4	Excellent atmosphere - warm, inviting and laidback while still retaining a sense of sophistication as a steakhouse.  It may be a chain, which I usually detest (and is probably the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars), but the Keg is simply fantastic.The filet mignon was perfectly prepared - it had the correct balance of cooked salt, pepper and spices to give it a savory full finish.  My steak was cooked appropriately to my order and so was my dining companions, an unusual occurrence at such a big restaurant.  The sides were matched in quality.  The caesar salad was appropriately dressed without the heaviness or drenching effect sometimes experienced at steakhouses. Dessert was also fantastic with an ice cream-based chocolate cake. Service excelled with friendliness abounding.  All around - the place should probably get 5 stars, but I will deduct a star for unnecessarily loud pop music being piped throughout the place.
2	This is at best a three-star establishment, but I deducting a star simply because they messed up on our order not once, but twice, and all in one sitting (simply amazing for a steakhouse that touts class and service). The escargot wasn't bad, but was quite rubbery. The server forgot my partner's order (brought only fries, because apparently going to a steakhouse for fries is normal - of course, servers at normal, even mediocre restaurants make the effort to verify the orders when they take them (our server was clearly daydreaming (or intoxicated - who knows)), and only brought mine. Of course, when they decided to present both, not only had they messed up my entire steak (under cooked), but the entire plate was cold. The manager, however, picked up on this, replaced my plate (which is why this isn't a one star review), but all things considered, I'm absolutely certain there are much better steakhouses than this place.
4	I have to give The Keg 'props' for reaching out, for it's apparent that they truly care about their establishment, both it's service and reputation! They not only apologized for our previous experience, but when we arrived, unexpectedly (during the second to last Habs game), we were promptly seated. It was a bit chilly, and the manager personally ensured that not only was the gas lamp turned on and working properly, but also made several good suggestions for menu items. Our server handed us French menus and seemed a bit frazzled, but considering how busy it was, it could be expected and excused. The steaks were done quite well, though the kitchen staff put the 'seafood topper' on the wrong steak (not a problem, it was corrected immediately, before the plates were placed in front of us). The drinks were quite delicious, and I personally recommend their Old Fashioned! This is a four and half star review, and I do not doubt that I will be returning to this establishment in the very near future!
5	Been to Montreal for 2 weeks this summer! Yes, this place is such a legend. I loved my steak so much, tender, juicy. Their lemon juice tasted the best I've ever tried. Amazing service even though they were soo full at the weekend. Our waitress was so friendly & helpful. She took good care of us and usually came to check if we needed something. The restaurant is really elegant and a must if we visit Montreal. Will be back when im back here.
3	very expensive and busy. Good selection of wine and food was good. Stuffy atmosphere but I had quality for the money I paid.
4	Went with a large group of friends for a bachelor party. Although the policy of no reservation but waitlist priority had me worried, we actually sat right away and had a great meal. The portions are huge and you definitely get your moneys worth. Good selection of wine but prices were kind of on the high side. Wish there was more beer on draft. The waitstaff was very attentive especially when serving such a large group. I'd definitely recommend.
5	I planned my buddy's bachelor party in Montreal and had originally planned to hit Moishe's, but they couldn't seat our party (10) until 9:45pm. I did some looking around when we got to Montreal and came across The Keg, or as the sign currently states at this location The Ke; apparently someone was _really_ in need of a G. After one phone call I found out they didn't take reservations, but did do priority seating and would do their best to accommodate us and accommodate they did. We had an excellent table, 2 outstanding servers and some excellent food. No idea who Billy Miner is, but he has some damn good pie named after him. Also, if you're a scotch drinker the extra 1oz/30ml at half price is a pretty bangin' deal. I will without a doubt return to this particular location on my next trip through Montreal.
4	Great steaks with good prices. My favorite part is that both Keg locations cook their steaks just how I want them and they rarely mess it up if ever.  Including prime rib which everywhere else always messes up for me. Interesting martinis but they're average 10 dollars for 2 ounces. All their appetizers are good as well I love their scallops and French onion soup. The twice baked potato side is really really good, I wish that was a dinner on its own haha.
5	Pure sophistication here. DecorVibeWaitresses HostessesFoodFor starters, you are seated in these dark presidential chairs. Surrounded elegance; high ceilings and huge windows for lighting. It sets the standard for what you see on the menu. Their Filet Mignon is the best around, cooked exactly how I like it. Edging me to come back. I'm definitely stopping by the next time I'm in MTL. Not only is the food great but the service is even better. The waitresses are very attentive and prompt in serving you. Making sure we enjoyed the meal. During the week you'll find a lot of business men and women inside during the day. It's expected especially since the restaurant is located in the financial district. On the weekends and in the evening it'll be a bit more of a mixed crowd.
4	Wonderful meal. Have the Prime Rib. You won't be disappointed. We went on a Saturday. No reservations accepted. Got seated quickly. Ordered our meals and wine. My son ordered a steak medium and it came out Rare twice!!!!  They made good on it ('my son was very polite about it). The Keg comped meal + gave him dessert. Very classy.  Thank you!!!
4	Really nice Steakhouse. The food was absolutely fine and the stuff very friendly. We will come back as soon we are back in Montreal!
5	Had a very nice dinner here with the family all of the food was great. We all got different cuts of beef and everyone was very pleased. While I was happy to see they had bourbon they butchered the old fashioned. Maybe I'm just a snob but an old fashioned should never have muddled fruit in it. It's an old simple drink of bitters sugar whiskey and an orange peel. But that was my fault for not reading the menu so the stars stay! Very friendly service as well!
4	Food is expensive but really good. They also have a great choice of wines (mostly from California). We had a really good dinner there. Lobster is excellent. Perfect service.
5	I travel the world in search of the best steak. This was straight-up the best Prime-Rib I've ever had. Ate at the bar, bar-tenders took excellent care of me. Packed on a Monday night, make reservations or go early.
4	Love the Keg!! Only chain that doesn't feel like it.Barely ever have a bad thing to say about the Keg. The customer service is amazing. Any issue you have they will compt or give at a discount. "The customer is always right" seems to be the motto here for sure.The PVM one is a cool urban vibe with great atmosphere, huge patio, and awesome bars. I prefer the Old Port location a bit better, but love he PVM location. I like to go to both and switch it up! Steaks are always cooked great. I order mostly the Rib steak Chicago style Blue rare. Always Cooked perfect.The apps are amazing. Bacon wrapped scallops, or calamari is amazing. Twice baked potato is great.  And ceaser salad are all my favorties.If you've been before, or never been. You'll go and surely realise this is the top contender and best steak house restaurant that is a chain, that doesn't feel like it. Different locations with different decore help achieve this. Every dollar spent feels worth it. Bills csn get pricey.  But i never leave feeling ripped off.Good job Keg. Never disappointed! !
4	Prime rib is good.. One of the main reason why I come here.. Def.. A plus that its accessible underground from the hotel where I am staying.
3	Came here with co-workers this evening. We were seated right away by a friendly hostess and within 2 minutes of sitting our waiter was there asking for drink orders. That was the theme for the evening as service was very fast (a little too fast as our entrees came to the table while we were still eating our apps). I had the sea bass as my main course and it was beautifully cooked. The quinoa salad was ok but the asparagus was too pungent with garlic. My dinner companions seemed to  like their meals: prime rib and New York steak along with the sides. Dessert was a hit with huge servings of billy miner pie (this is a sharing size). The atmosphere was a plus. Cozy and comfortable with a reasonable level of noise that allowed for easy conversation.
