5	Mind blown. The burger was amazing. The taco was amazing. The shake was amazing. Clean interior, friendly staff, good prices and, yes, good food. A+ in my book.
5	I don't write too many reviews on here, mainly because I'm lazy... However I have to write a review for The Stand because I believe people should know how good it is. (And selfishly I want them to succeed so I can keep eating there.)Starting with the design, clean, modern, minimalistic. The same approach was taken with the menu. Small, clean, and to the point.Pricing - VERY reasonable for what you get.  Tacos - So far I tried the short rib and the chicken. The short rib packs plenty of flavor and is very well balanced. The chicken was good for sure, I just feel like the short rib is where it's at. (A+ short rib) (B+ chicken) I may be bias on this one...Burgers - Cheese or no cheese. Fancy toppings optional. I tried "The Standard" with cheese. Clean, simple, no bull shit all American burger. Topped with their signature "the stand sauce" reminds me of a homemade in n out burger. Tasty to the max. (A)Fries - Handcut, Real potatoes fried golden and tossed with sea salt. Clean flavor with no greasy after taste. (A+)Milkshake - Damn they're tasty. In fact, I will go on record saying it's the best I've ever had. I've tried the Banana and the Dulce de leche, both amazing and hand made. Bonus points to The Stand as well for being awesome and supplying a proper big ass straw for a thick shake. If nothing else it's worth the trip and soon to be long wait just for the shake. Summary - The Stand is not revolutionizing the world in how crazy they can get with their menu by putting over thought shit on there. Instead they took good food and made it better. I can say that after being to most of the burger spots in Arcadia and the Biltmore area that The Stand is one of the best. P.S. - to anyone who may question this review I want to make it clear that I am in no way affiliated with The Stand either personally or through business. I just happen to think it's really good.
5	Came here today and had a great experience! The best part is they have Gluten Free options for their burgers, and I don't mean a burger wrapped in lettuce! The buns they use are so delicious! I couldn't tell it was Gluten Free....  They didn't charge extra for the bun either!The fries are hand cut and made fresh to order!It reminded of being at In and Out Burger only 100 times better!!! Next time I will try the Tacos which are also Gluten Free since they use 100% corn tortillas.The owners and employees were very pleasant and helpful! So excited to have you in the neighborhood! I will be back very soon!
5	The Stand made me very happy.  Cheeseburgers made from fresh ground in house beef, perfectly melted cheese, fresh leaf lettuce, thick sliced tomatoes, onion, pickle and secret sauce.  Lemonade made in house with real lemons, Hand-spun shakes made with real ice cream (Dulce de leche is out of this world good!) The interior is very small with a handful of tables but a few more outside on the covered patio.  Service is friendly and quick and no sooner did I finish my Lemonade when an employee offered me a refill!  In what crazy, alternate, fast food world does that happen??? For those who do not like to leave the car, the stand has a drive up window.  Taco's are also offered and I would like to try them on my next visit.  The Stand is opened 11am to 11pm 7 days a week.
5	YUMMY YUMMY in my TUMMY.I must say that I have been waiting for this spot to open up for some time now. I must also say that it was a little bit bitter sweet because they are now inhabiting the infamous prior home of Maui Dog (may they rest in peace). This could have worked out badly for them for a 3 reasons. 1. Typically, when I am REALLY excited about a new spot, I tend to hold them to a higher standard than I normally would. 2. I went into a rather deep depression when Maui Dog went out of business making reason one all the more unfair to this new business. 3. This is a burger and taco place. I will tear your sh-t apart if your food isn't up to snuff. There is some serious competition on the area for both of these major food groups.To be honest, I went in there thinking, "This place BETTER be GREAT" and thank you Baby Jesus IT WAS.From the decor, to the menu, to the staff, this place was absolutely great. FYI, it is a very small restaurant but they did an excellent job revamping it. Very slick, with a white, blue and grey motif. They do also have a small patio (near replica to the one at Over Easy in style, but smaller). Oh, they have a drive through too!The menu was small also, which I like. In sales they teach us to KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid), and they did just that.Here's the menu: burger, taco, fries or shake. Me LOVE it. The burger either comes with cheese or without. I got mine with (duh). Damn it was good. It is more of a double cheese burger. Instead of one fat patty, they use two, with two corresponding layers of yummy cheese.The style is similar to an In and Out double-double (meat, cheese, toppings, bun, everything), but closer to the size of Del Frisco's cheese burger. If you really want a good comparison, and are lucky enough to have been to the Iconic Manhattan hole in the wall "Burger Joint", this burger is a near exact copy. THIS IS A GOOD THING FOLKS. A VERY good thing!FYI you can also add bacon, grilled onions, or grilled jalapenos to your burger if you like, but I was feeling plain today and, since it was my first time, wanted to get a feeling for their standard and work up from there.I've said "I must say" twice in this review already, BUT, I MUST SAY, that I was very impressed. It is hard for me to swallow (he he) a $15 dollar burger. This quality with this price point was refreshing.I got fries with my burger that were very good. I ended up sending the first batch back though (I hate doing that) because they were unbelievably salty. I am kind of a salt fiend so if I think something is too salty, it definitely is. They hand cut their fries fresh, and leave the skin on which I think is a nice touch. They do a much better job of this than In and Out does. The salt they use is a cracked sea salt (big chunks, so easy to overdo it) and my first batch was covered. The second batch came out perfectly salted. To wash it all down I got a Mexican Coke in the bottle which is always fun.As mentioned, they do offer tacos at about $2.50 each. They have a Chicken, a Veggie, and a Short rib which will be reviewed and devoured after my next visit. Shakes too, but I'm not a sweets guy so you'll have to find info on that elsewhere.The staff was cheery and as eager to help as I was to eat. I will definitely be back.See you there soon.PS, Yelpers GO HERE. Support this small local business. Don't let it fall to the same fate as Maui Dog, R.I.P.
5	As a spandex clad Will Ferrell once yelled from a conference room atop the Empire State Building: "I'm in love! I'm in love, and I don't care who knows it!" Only I sort of do, because if no one knows it then it'll be Maui Dog all over again, and I don't think my frail appetite could withstand that kind of heartbreak a second time. We Arcadian's are all too familiar with the "Cursed Cubicle" of land that occupies the space at 3538 East Indian School Road. From Rick's Big Philly to Paul's Little Philly, to my beloved Maui Dog - that space has done nothing but serve as a cruel one night stand of culinary delights, leaving behind a trail of unsatisfied diners in its wake; diners whose only mistake had been daring to dream of something more. But back to reality. The food at The Stand is a solid four stars. I'll be the first to admit, I've had a better burger. I've even had a better taco. What sets this place apart from all of the other burger joints and taquerias in the area is not just the good food, but the GREAT service. I applaud the staff and enter my judgment of a solid five star rating for the performance put on by the staff of The Stand. These people actually care, and that's why I care. So here's my breakdown of the PROS and CONS: They have hand spun milkshakes with FRESH ingredients, like real bananas and salted caramel. And these fresh shakes? They come with real boba-like milkshake straws - AMAZING! The only thing I could find wrong with the shakes was that the salted dulce de leche shake was overly salty - like mouth puckeringly salty. The staff was quick to remedy the situation and delivered a less salty substitute in minutes. This was much better than the first attempt. I think sometimes people tend to forget how overpowering sea salt is - as compared to Kosher salt - and get a little heavy handed. The thin and crispy tortilla chips are a plus, but the kicker is the fresh mild salsa (and I mean, FRESH), chock full of roasted tomatoes, garlic, green chilies, and spring onions. I like that they use real potatoes for their skin on fries, but the execution was a little weak - they were lukewarm and inconsistent in crispiness. It's a kink with the fryer temp or the timing in service, but I'm sure they'll work it out. The burgers were good, like a tasty double patty backyard burger, complete with a "special sauce" of what I assume to be ketchup and mayonnaise, and thick dill slices. I love, love love that they use fresh ground beef and ACTUALLY season the patties with salt and pepper - a mistake that drives me NUTS at other burger joints. It was delicious and took me back to when my grandma used to grill up burgers at home. Now the tacos are what really hooked me. I was mildly disappointed that the website boasted "stone ground tortillas made daily." Obviously not the case. They use the typical white corn tortillas you can buy at any grocery store, but if you can get over that fact you're going to LOVE the short rib tacos with pickled red cabbage. I am so in love with these tacos, I'm sure I'll be dreaming about them when I go to sleep tonight, and I wouldn't be surprised to wake up in a pool of my own saliva. I also tried the veggie taco, but found it a little uninspired. I was intrigued by the alternative to the basic veggie taco - you know, where they normally take grilled veggies, slap them on a tortilla and say "here's your veggie taco." After being a loyal customer of La Condesa for years, I hardly ever find veggies tacos that measure up, and although The Stand offers a close second, it's missing that  "oomph." I have to say, the addition of quinoa and black bean to the veggie taco was a great idea, but the entire thing was a little difficult to eat, and a little under seasoned. Over all, it's a great utilization of a small restaurant space: it's clean, well thought out, and the enclosed patio was just a stroke of genius. And a pro for families with kids is that there IS a kids menu available (not available to view in the restaurant or on the website, but it does exist)! The staff was patient and helpful, quick to make suggestions and corrections where corrections were due; they were actually concerned about what their customers thought, and TOTALLY ON TOP of bussing the tables and making sure their customers had everything they needed. Someday I hope to see an expansion of the menu - I love the idea of keeping it simple but I think my kids would have liked to see a real vanilla milkshake or something like a corn dog or grilled cheese on the kids menu, and I think I'd love to see more burger stand-ins, like roasted poblano chili or fried egg. Mostly the fried egg, because lord knows I am the biggest egg slut on the planet. But for now, I love The Stand the way it is and I can't wait to go back and try the mexican street corn and fresh squeezed lemonade.
4	We were really excited to go to this new spot in town and we were just as excited if not more walking away planning our next visit with fully bellies and big smiles. The burgers were very tasty. The fries were good and the shakes were seriously out of this world. We got a salted dulce de leche and then special ordered a chocolate banana stand shake. The staff was super friendly and we chatted with the owner for quite some time. I love her vision and her desire to serve a great product at a low price in an awesome atmosphere. They've only been open for a week and she's already achieved it! I'm excited to send my friends here and to come back and try the tacos, lemonade and horchata.
4	Places seem to come and go at this location I missed the last one.  came like the day after it shut its doors so I wasn't going to be left out this time.  Glad I went,  Had the Stand Cheeseburger, fries and a Banana Shake it was all good.(Love the HUGE straws) looking forward to making it back to try some of those Tacos!!  Lets see if we can keep this place going and break that bad location mojo.
5	I am very pleased to have another great spot to eat at in the neighborhood.  THE STAND has a great burger . . . make sure you order it with cheese and the butter caramelized onions.  They have short rib tacos and veggie tacos and they are excellent and well priced.  If you like a milk shake with your burger, I'd order the chocolate . . . I'm not brave enough yet to try the chocolate chile shake but I hear it's something you have to try.You'll also be treated very well by the great staff. Keep up the good work Ron and company . . . I vote with my business and I've been there 3 times in 10 days which speaks volumes.
4	I've just gotten back from my second visit to The Stand and feel inclined to update my first 5 star review to a 4, now having gotten over my "first date" giddiness and tried the tacos.As promised, I went back today to try them (tacos). Well, they weren't as nearly as good as I had hoped. I ordered one short rib ($3) and one chicken ($2.50), along with another burger (yes, I'm a glutton).Neither taco came even close to knocking my socks off. Don't get me wrong, both were good, but thats it. The short rib taco was the better of the two, mainly because of the addition of the cotija cheese which was the most flavorful part of either of them.Both were shredded meat and neither had that punch of flavor I (and every one else) is looking for in a taco. The chicken was a little grainy with much too fine of a shred with almost no flavor. Put some seasoning on that thing!Short rib is short rib, nearly always great, but theirs lacked that succulent richness that I look for with that type of meat. They also ask if you want mild or hot salsa ON the taco. I asked for the hot, but on the side because I didn't want the salsa to take over and I had no idea if it was good or not. Boy, I'm glad I asked for it on the side. It is chunky SALSA, not a smooth hot SAUCE, which i prefer on a taco. Excellent for chips, but not on my taco, and it was nowhere NEAR the realm of spicy. My Mom could eat bowls of the stuff.Considering two stars is "Meh. I've experienced better", these are definately a two. With places like Gallo Blaco out there, the taco battle is a tough one to enter, nearly as tough as the bigger burger war that they have also entered.I did get a cheeseburger that was as good as the first. Quite good and fresh tasting, and a 5 star burger, but only because of the price point.Service is also excellent. In fact, couldn't be better with them clearing your plate when you finish and having smiles all around. Definitely 5 stars for that. The place was MUCH busier than last week which is a good thing.Keep your charm, The Stand. I'll be back, but its burgers only from now on.A side note... I think us Yelpers can sometimes be TOO picky. I'm guilty of it too for sure. We want EVERY burger to be the best we've ever had, every taco to leave us speachless. Well. I'm not sure that every place is meant for that, or even tries for that. How many stars does good food at a good price garner...? With the competition out there can a place like that even stay in buisness? I dunno. Just something for me to think about I guess.PS - I do agree that adding the choice of green chilis or a fried egg would be a spendid option. I too and am absolute whore for a fried egg on a burger.
4	I went here yesterday. Ordered a cheeseburger with bacon and caramelized onions, and some fries. The food came out very quickly and the staff was very polite.  A solid experience all around.
5	Burger, Fries, Shake, and 1 taco = $17.74 and I wouldv'e paid more. Juiciest double stack perfectly cooked washed down with a consistantly textured flavorful shake and an authentic style short rib taco to boot. Try getting that at quality in any restaraunt in town. This is a restaraunt by the way and locally owned with fresh ingredients and no added hormones. If you want fast food go to McDonalds you cheap bastard.
4	Just drove through The Stand drive-thru as it was too late to start cooking something and, to be quite honest, I was feeling lazy.  I had been watching for months in anticipation as they transformed the building into the cool spot it is now.  I could see inside and they've done a nice job of maximizing the seating but still giving it a good feel and the closed in patio is a nice touch.  I have to ADD a bit here and say, as a side note, I was equaled fascinated looking at the National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation looking RV that was parked in the adjacent lot for months while they were renovating The Stand.  I fully expected Randy Quaid to step outside and state, "the shitter's full".  I digress. As you pull up to the drive-thru, the menu board is big and easy to read.  This isn't your typical fast food.  Fresh and hormone free meat, never frozen.  Simple and fresh.  From the time I ordered until I received my food, it was a matter of minutes.  The service is friendly and genuine.  They repeated my order to me after I ordered, when I got to the window and after they handed me my bag to make sure it was correct before I drove off.  That, my friends, should be done by every drive-thru so you don't get all the way home and then find something missing.  The food was still hot when I got home.  10 stars for service and friendliness.  There must've been 3 employees and what appeared to be the owners-husband and wife.  All had smiles on their faces and the place was ultra clean inside.  On to the food order:2 short rib tacos: the beef was sweet and flavorful and the accompanying pickled red cabbage, cojita y cremoso, diced  white onion, and fresh cilantro were the perfect compliment.  It all came wrapped inside 2 white corn tortillas.  1 veggie taco: fresh seasonal vegetables, quinoa & black bean, pickled red onion, pickled red cabbage, and fresh cilantro.  Pretty straight forward and fresh tasting.  I'd recommend a touch longer on the veggies and a hint of smokiness but otherwise no improvement needed.  But hey, I'm a carnivore so what do I know.  It may be perfect to a more cultured non-flesh eater.1 Stand burger with cheese and crisp hand-leafed lettuce,fresh tomato, sliced onion, dill pickles, american cheese, and stand sauce and a very just right bun.  Hot, juicy, yumminess and just right.  I thought about adding the Niman Ranch bacon(which is always great and rich.  I mean hell, it's bacon and damn good bacon so enough said) but I'm a burger purist and wanted to try the burger on it's own merit the first time.  It passed with flying colors.  This is one of the best burgers in town.  Of any walk-in or drive-thru through burger joint in the Valley, this is in the top 2.  Paradise Valley Burger is still my favorite though but The Stand is right up there.  1 vanilla shake: sweet but not too sweet, great vanilla flavor and oh so delicious. OMFG times 1000.  highly recommend.  Quick summary: burger and shake both 5 stars, tacos 3 stars, and service was excellent.Kudos and compliments to The Stand.  You're a couple minutes from my house so I'll be back very soon!
4	Got the burger with jalapeno. Patties are very thin, about the same thickness as in-n-out if not thinner. Someone looking for a huge juicy burger is going to need more than two patties. They are well charred. The jalapeno was actually cut, rolled out and grilled, then set between the two patties. This makes more uniformity out of each bite, but I think i may enjoy the variance of bites found in a less uniform approach. The burger was salty, and while it was more salt than I desired, the level was not abnormal for a take out meal. The ingredients are quality. The place is clean and well designed. They don't have a soda fountain in the dining area, but perhaps except perhaps one behind the counter, which was a minus for me. I will be back, but I'd rather try the tacos next time. For a drive through, this is a great option. Not sure how often this place will sway me from other nearby burger options such as Chicago Burger, though.
5	So, I'm sitting around all day Jones-ing for their food again.  It's crazy how nice they are.  The order was short rib taco, the Standard burger with cheese, and a Standard burger with cheese wrapped in lettuce.  After I signed my credit card receipt and they were getting my order ready, he opens the window and asks I would like a gluten-free bun, obviously noting the one that was wrapped in lettuce was most likely due to a gluten allergy.  He was absolutely correct.  They wrapped it in lettuce, as originally requested, and sent a gluten-free bun also.  Both observant and kind.  Come to find out, 99% of their menu is gluten-free so people with allergies or Celiac's will be happy to know that.  Thanks again The Stand-Eva, Ron, and staff.  Please go and support this place for my own selfishness of being able to keep going there myself!
4	Great grub and great, super friendly service!  I would love to see the patio "opened up" a little bit as it feels somewhat confined.  Maybe remove a few 2x4s of the wall and add a TV outside?  Great spot that I'm happy to have in my back yard!
3	This place is good, dont get me wrong.  I did enjoy my burger.  However if I had to stack this up with all of the other choices in the area, I would put the stand right in the middle.  Hence the 3 stars.  I feel like $12 for a drink, fries and a burger is quite a bit.  We are bordering on a full service restaurant at this point.It's hard to say this place stands (pun intended) above choices like The Grind, Two hippies, Zinburger, Rehab, and Chicago Hamburger Company.  These are all locations less than 10 minutes away.I will come back and try the tacos.  I will update my review once I do this.
4	New place. The staff is still learning. They forgot to make my order and I had to remind them who I was (with a 30 dollar order). So the food service communication still needs some work BUT... The burgers are pretty damn good. They are pretty much  In and Out burgers on steroids. Good burgers, good fries, good shakes. It is a little pricey for what it is. Considering you can get a double double for 3 bucks at in and out and the comparative burger here is almost 6 bucks, the price is a little steep. Also the only other complaint are the tacos. The taste is great, but the portions are sooooo small. The menu is also little deceiving, it has "Short rib tacos" listed which would lead you to believe that for the price you get 2 tacos, but in fact you only get one and it is relatively small for the $2.60 price tag. They taste good though, so all is not lost. They just really need to work on the pricing, especially with all the other options out there to choose from.I am glad that there is a local option now though, and I really do hope they do well. I will be a return customer and hopefully the prices go down a little bit. It cost me 30 bucks to feed Me, my wife and two small kids (5 and 3 yrs old).
5	"Do Fries Go With That Shake!"Sorry In-N-Out Burger you have been replaced!Arcadia's latest addition, The Stand , is my new favorite neighborhood hang out!They make good classic American food . . . .fast!Fast, Cheap, & Tasty!
2	I ordered chicken tacos with no cheese to go.  I got to my office and opened a bag of tacos smothered in cheese.  I tried to call, but this place doesn't even have a phone number.  I'm sure the food is good, there is an obvious disconnect from the cashier to the kitchen. Good take-out begins with getting the order correct.
4	Tried this place late one night after a long day at work.  I wanted a burger, but did not want fast food.  I remembered the The Stand (and remembered reading good reviews on Yelp) had just opened, so I went through the drive thru.  Ordered burger, fries, chick taco and short rib taco, and a drink.  I pulled around to the window, got my soda, and waited.... and then one of the workers came up and asked if I wanted a drink while I was waiting.  I thanked him, said I had a drink... and then 2 minutes later, I was offered by another worker a free lemonade to try!  Awesome!  They were so friendly, which made the little bit of the wait not so bad.  It did take about 8-10 minutes, which is long for a drive thru, but it is good food and it was clear that it was made fresh.The burger was good, I'd recommend this burger.  Fries were definitely the end-of-the-day fries but it was 9pm, so it's understandable and they were not too bad.  My mom liked her tacos, I tried them, and they were good quality.Overall, I would recommend, and I would go back for sit down.
5	We've been so excited for The Stand to open and finally stopped by for dinner last night. We ordered three tacos with french fries and then went back for two more! I don't eat hamburgers, but from what I've heard, the burgers are supposed to be very tasty, as well. What a beautiful job Ron and Co. did with the remodel. Just perfect. I am looking forward to eating on their cute patio during the Spring months. It's so nice to have a new fast, casual place to count on for veggie tacos! Love the drive-thru!
5	After my third visit, I decided to take a critical look at my first review of The Stand, and a lot of mental debate went into keeping my review at 5 stars. Honestly, they're experiencing some growing pains, but I am hopeful that they will get past them successfully. Why? Because they've already corrected the things that irked me on my first trip two weeks ago. The real trick now is to keep their quality from faltering in all other respects. The upside and downside to rave reviews and the success that follows is that you get busy. Really busy. **On my second trip, they ran out of short rib tacos. *sad face* I tried the chicken but it was pretty uninspired. I missed the crunch of the pickled cabbage, and the chicken was pretty mealy and dry. However, their saving grace was the chocolate chili milkshake - YUM! **On my third trip in, I noticed that mexican street corn was no longer an option on the menu. *double sad face* I did notice that they were now offering plain chocolate and vanilla milkshakes (YAY). I would still like to see an In-N-Out style grilled cheese on the menu for my vegetarian kid; in this economy I hate having to pay full price for a meatless burger - because let's face it, it's the price of the meat that drives the burger market and in a place like this where the meat is fresh ground (short rib and sirloin?), the meat can't come cheap. Also, they should post a kids menu because kids are everywhere in Arcadia and kids don't like not knowing what's available or what price their parents are paying. Well, they don't really care about the last part, but the parents do! So, the cons of this trip? It was really busy. I blame this "busy-ness" for leading to the Great Onion Debacle of 2013 where onions unfortunately invaded my short rib tacos (EW). And actually, the short rib itself was surprisingly dry. Like I said, probably just another minor kink, because the first time I tried them, they didn't have this problem. The chips were a little stale and not nearly as crisp as the first time - I couldn't help but wonder if they had been sitting out a while. The pros: I did try the fresh squeezed lemonade this trip and it was a tart delight! They also seemed to have worked out the kinks in the fry department because they were executed flawlessly. And as always, the Stand burgers with grilled jalapenos and cheese were stellar!  Everyone has their days, but a caveat: Arcadians are fickle and they'll turn on you like a pack of rabid hyenas. With that said, I've ultimately decided to keep my review at 5 stars simply because I know in my heart of hearts that this place is solid, and gosh darn it, I just like Eva and her staff THAT MUCH. Until next time...
5	Great Burgers!!Vegi Taco was very flavorful and i am not usually a veggie guy.Chocolate Shake was assume, just not on my diet.I will be back
4	The Stand is one of my new favorite go to grab and go restaurants. All of their food is high quality, tasty and fresh. Stand-outs are the burger with cheese and grilled jalapenos and the fries. They also make a mean Arnold Palmer. My only complaint is their chicken taco which I wanted to like but is a bit too bland.
3	I vacillate between two and three stars on this place. The food is OK, but only just. I had burger & fries and they seemed on a par with Burger King. The default is that they come with some sort of salad dressing added, so I had to request it be omitted. I admit I generally prefer only veggies on my burgers. I don't care for pickles, relish, or any sort of slimy crap. The manager seemed offended by my request.  There was no spicy mustard or salsa option. Fries were good, but not in the same league as Z's Greek just down the street. My wife said the tacos were OK, but not up to Julioberto's standards. The interior decoration was very good, a substantial upgrade from the prior incarnation. The place was very clean. The prices were high compared to the other referenced standards. We went on a Sunday, and the place seemed crowded with an obviously after church crowd with many church ladies and kids.
1	We were so hopeful of this place but then so disappointed!  We live in the neighborhood so we thought we'd try it for take out.  Heard the burgers were better than the tacos so we went for them.  We love the Phoenix burger battle scene - but these burgers were the worst I've tried in the Phoenix metro area!  I have to say we never got a fair shot because we asked for the special sauce on the side.  They did provide sauce on the side but also slopped it all over our burgers!  I could not taste the meat and my bun was super soggy - yuck!  We were also hopeful for the fries but they were so-so.  Bad experience, might have just hit it on a bad night / service.  Willing to give it another shot...sometime but I think we'll stick to our favorites for now!
5	Great quick burger.  Awesome fries.  Basically a locally owned In and Out but better.
4	Blink and you'll miss it.North side of Indian School, just to the west of 36th St. I've driven by a couple of times and you'd be forgiven for not noticing it. Mainly due to the 'outdoor area' being near to the road and, for privacy and noise reduction, is protected by blue and grey wooden wall.First visit today, clean interior, friendly staff, and a refreshingly simple menu. Ordered a short rib taco, fries, and a coke - in a bottle! I know, right? I sat in the outdoor area, and the noise wasn't bad at all (it was around 3:30pm on a Saturday). Food arrived in reasonable time, not too long to have me wondering if they'd forgotten me, and not too quick to have me thinking I was in a McD's.Very tasty taco, fries that reminded me of Smash-burger (in a good way), and thoughtful presentation. A big step up from a hole in the wall. I hope they make it. Probably back tonight to try the chicken taco.My advice: don't blink.
4	Dropped in for a late lunch on Sunday.  I was encouraged by the fact that they had so many customers on an off hour. They've done a fantastic job with redoing the place.  The staff was very friendly and they seem to have regulars already. My husband and I had the burger, add jalapenos and split fries. The burger was great. The ingredients were fresh and delicious. The burger did remind me of in and out, which I'm fine with. I didn't like the fries but I'm weird about fries and don't like most. I really hope they make it, that location seems to have a quick turn over rate. I will definitely be back and I love they have a drive-thru.
2	Just ate there for the first time. I'll kept it short. I want you guys to succeed but couple things. Change your tortillas they taste like generic food city tortillas. Then buy a comal if you don't know what that is google it, it's for heating tortillas rub a little oil on the first tortilla to give it a better texture.  Meats good salsa is good too. The staff was very nice and seemed very interested in what the guest thought. Hope you take this in a positive light, but when having such a small menu everything has got to be good.  Good luck will try again in the future
3	Generally, very tasty with a few missteps. I ordered their double burger with cheese and it was very tasty, although a bit soggy with all the sauce they put on. Still, pretty good value and definite step up from your basic burgers. I also ordered a short rib taco. Really, really good! Tender beef, cabbage and onions. Very nice. Chips and salsa was good, though the chips were very, very salty. Only real complaint was drive thru girl was outta sync and kept talking over me and then really, long pauses. Otherwise, I'll be back.
4	Food was great had a Standard Burger with the Salty Dulce de Leche Shake!! Staff was super cool and will be back to try the short rib tacos for sure!
3	Not bad, not the best, a solid 3 stars.Here's what I've eaten so far:- Short rib taco - 4 stars: Great flavor- Chicken taco - 2 stars: pretty bland- Burger - 3 stars: not bad, but also nothing memorable about- Fries - 2 stars: not crispy at all, I hate non-crispy fries- Arnold Palmer - 4 stars: Made with fresh lemonadeI'd probably come back for the tacos, but just the short rib ones. I felt they were a little pricey at $3 per taco as they were pretty small though. All in all, this place is only okay, I couldn't say I loved it or hated it.
2	The Stand is conveniently located by work so I decided to try it today. Right off the bat, I'm yelling as close as I can to the drive thru speaker because the girl taking my order can't hear me. But clearly, I can hear all the noise coming from inside which is making it hard for her to hear me. The speaker box is up high how am I suppose to get close? I drive up to the window and I get no salutation and don't even get noticed for almost 10 minutes. There were no other cars in line. And it was just after 12pm. Finally get my order. Tacos not too bad. They're suppose to come with salsa, neither one of my tacos had any salsa. I also ordered chips and salsa on the side, the tiny containers are ridiculous. These containers are the kind you see at other places where you pack salsa to go. In my opinion, the salsa was not enough. The chips are tasty but a little hard to chew. First few were nice and crunchy, then they started getting dull and greasy. I like supporting local businesses, but not sure I'll return. Good luck.
5	I went here last night for a burger and tried the standard with cheese and added the jalapenos. I loved the burger and it was definitely one of the best burgers I have had lately. The service here was exceptional, they seemed like they really wanted to be sure I was happy and it worked, They came out and gave me a free sample of their banana shake while I was eating and it was really good. I'll definitely eat here again when I'm in the area.
3	This is not only in my hood, it's basically in my backyard - so I was excited to try the newest spot when a Sunday night taco craving hit.  Unfortunately, they were out of short rib tacos and all tacos for that matter.  Ok, not a total deal breaker - we just opted to split a burger and fries with grilled jalapenos and a dulce de leche shake, but they were out of that too.  I appreciate that they seem to make everything "fresh" and with this comes the tendency to run out of things so I guess I can't really fault them on that - It was 30 min before closing on a Sunday night after all, I was just disappointed that I didn't get to try what I had craved in the first place.  The burger was fresh, could have used a touch more salt in my opinion (which is easily remedied at home) and the fries were also fresh and tasty.  My bf also really enjoyed the chocolate shake.  I like the convenience of the drive thru, but the burgers are not a bargain by the time you add extras such as cheese or the grilled jalies, you could easily wind up in the $8 range which in this neighborhood is just not that far off of other famous offerings (Delux, Grind, you know the types!).  I am definitely going to try it again to sample the taco offerings and will update my review but for now, a solid 3 stars.
3	"Okay" is the appropriate way to describe this place.  The difference between two and three stars seems a bit extreme, as it wasn't bad by any means, but it certainly doesn't have me excited to go back anytime soon.  I feel comfortable giving it three stars because the service was excellent; the staff was super friendly, helpful, and very welcoming.  I also think they did a nice job with what they had to work with in the existing building.  It's simple but comfortable, and a good environment for their type of product.  Where the Stand falls short though is where it's most important, the food!I had a couple of short rib tacos, the lady had the veggie tacos, and we ordered a side of fries, chips and salsa, and a dulce de leche shake (we wanted to make sure we got a good variety to try, I guess...)  The ingredients definitely seemed to be of quality and fresh, just like they advertise, but nothing was really that 'great'.  Short ribs are typically very juicy, tender, and succulent, these tacos were almost on the dry side.  The veg tacos had a good mix of veggies in them, but again did not really serve up anything that would make us regulars.  I guess I might be less critical on the taste and finished product if it weren't so expensive.  The tacos weren't cheap, and either were the fries.  The fries were good, comparable to the regular fries at five guys in taste and price, but think about 1/8 less quantity than you would get in the lunch bag portion at 5 guys.  The dulche de leche shake was good, plain and simple - it didn't disappoint, but I'm not craving to have it anytime soon either.  I really wanted this place to be good, as it's a few blocks from my house, but the product at the price point just doesn't deliver, and one or the other has to give.  The shake and the fries were good, but nothing I couldn't get over at zinburger or many other spots in the area.  Granted, I did not have the burger on this go round, and the place is still very new, I just didn't feel like I was getting my money's worth.  Either the food would have to be significantly better to get me to pay sit-down taco prices (overhead of a sit-down Mexican restaurant aside) or the prices would have to come down to get me to feel like that quality of food was 'worth' it.  Maybe it's a case of this business not really finding its identity.  They seem to be trying to serve higher than drive-thru quality food at higher than drive-thru quality prices while still trying to maintain their 'drive-thru 2.0' type image.  I guess given the many good food choices in the arcadia/biltmore area, this one just didn't have anything to set itself apart and get me to go there instead of any of my other options.
1	Horrible customer service, rude, condescending, unapologetic, long wait (not even the worst part). Isn't there another, better burger place 2 streets over and across the street?
3	First, the burgers are really awesome! But ordering in the drive-thru is so frustrating because they can't hear you. Last night we waited for 20 minutes with only two cars ahead of us. We finally get to the window and not so much as a "hey, sorry it took so long".  The tacos are just ok. Good burgers and fries but you cannot expect people to wait for 20 minutes and not even acknowledge it. We may go back but if there's more than one car ahead of us, I won't wait.
2	This place is at best OK..I've only had the burgers but there is nothing that distinguishes them from any other burger joint. Their prices are a bit steep, twelve bucks for a burger, fries and drink! Also the fries were soggy...not a plus in my book!
5	I literally went to this place three times in one week. DaYum it was a good week!Delicious burger (which of course I add bacon to, cuz bacon makes everything better ;D), delicious french fries, mix that with an awesome chocolate or banana shake ( I haven't found an awesome banana one in years!) add in a little organic/local and you've got this girl! I took 3 different sets of friends and all of them had an amazing experience. We even got to chat with the owners, super friendly and beautiful couple! So excited for this little spot. If you do the drive thru it does take a little time, but that's called quality kids! Aint no body got time for crappy food! haha! Still have to try the tacos, but figured I should take a break ;)  Happy Eating!!!
3	So I have been back 2 times since my first review.  I tried the tacos, I tried the Chips and Guac and I tried the Dulce De Leche ShakeTacos are decent - Chicken nothing to write home about, short ribs were goodChips and Guac were good, but not on the level of chipotleDulce De Leche shake was awesome.  Very very tasty.In other words I wont be coming back here for the food.  I will come back for a shake.
5	Summary:  Clearly, The Stand is competing against In-N-Out.  For a few bucks more, The Stand gives you a significantly higher level of product from a slightly broader menu, and sold by a local business.  It reigns supreme in the hybrid restaurant category somewhere between In-N-Out and Delux.Round 1:  The standard ($5.50) vs. the double-double ($4ish).  NOTE:  All prices are from memory since neither website publishes prices.Although the burgers share a physical appearance (two cheesy patties, wrapped in paper, fun/sloppy presentation), The Standard burger feels, looks and tastes less like a chain burger and more like something that someone made just for me.   Big plus.  Except for the bun, every ingredient is superior to In-N-Out.  Thicker burger with more beefy flavor due to their meat mix, crisper thicker, fresher lettuce, excellent amount of sauce (I find INO to be too saucy in order to cover for the more bland burger), fresh onions (INO uses stale onions that give you stank breath-- hence people's preference for the "grilled" onions).   The only drawback is The Standard's spongy firm bun, which helps with holding the sandwich together but lacks the texture and flavor that a pillowy soft potato bun gives INO burgers.Verdict:  The Standard.  Not really close.Round 2:  Stand fries ($3) vs. INO fries ($2ish)Fries has always been INO's biggest weakness. They are slim, hot, and often crisp, but they have absolutely zero flavor and usually come without any salt on them.  I HATE having to add salt to my fries.  Dumb salt packets.  The Stand's fries rock, some of the best I've had at a burger joint, even better than Delux when considering they cost $2 less.  A good sized portion comes fairly crisp, and best of all, they are very well-seasoned. Verdict:  Stand fries, in the blink of an eye.Round 3:  The Stand's chocolate banana shake ($4.50) vs. INO's chocolate shake ($2.50).I think INO gets way too much credit for its shakes.  They're too thick to pull through a straw, and they are just pure soft serve.  The Stand takes actual ice cream, actual milk and, for the banana shake, actual banana and banana extract, to make their shakes.  The difference is obvious from the first sip.   Plus, The Stand has more than the boring vanilla, chocolate, strawberry options.Verdict:  You had me at chocolate banana.For the record, the tacos at the Stand could use some work.  I like the idea of tacos as a burger alternative, and the tacos are large, made with fresh ingredients including pickled onions (more of those, please) and above par tortillas.  But the chicken and short ribs didn't have a lot of seasoning-- they just relied on the taste of the well prepared but under seasoned meat.  If I wanted to "honor" the ingredient, I'd go somewhere fancy.  For a taco, give me some kick.  No kick found, not even in the spicy salsa.My service was excellent (I got comped an order of fries just 'cuz).  The store was very clean and was well remodeled.  The inside seating didn't seem like it would work for a highchair, but the patio probably would.  The drive thru is a nice idea, but only if you called ahead and no one was in front of you.  My order took 6 minutes from when I placed it at the counter.
4	Stopped in for Saturday lunch with my son. The place was fairly crowded. Although I think that there were more employees then there were customers. That said, we share a couple of tacos, a burger, and some fries. All were good. The burger is very much in line with In & Out, Five Guys, or The Habit. Not like what you get a Deluxe or The Grind. Nice decor, good service, and good food.
3	Stopped in here with the nieces after a long day of family drama. We wanted fast food but not "fast food"! We had a short rib taco, veggie taco, cheeseburger and fries. We also tried the shakes. They had chocolate and I had salted dulce de leche. Agreed...shakes were fabulous! Shorty tacos had great flavor, veggie taco was dry. The sign says "burgerS" and tacos" but there is only 1 burger. It's a double stack cheeseburger with all the fixins plus their special sauce. I found it to be delicious and flavorful but similar to 5guys or In n Out. Fries were soggy by the time we got home (5 minute ride), but still good enough. The service was friendly and fast. I'd go back for the short rib tacos and shakes for sure.
5	Came in for lunch with friends and my 2 little girls.   Ordered 3 short rib tacos.   However, I only ate 2 since one of my friends was like "I can believe you didn't order a burger."  As a result, I didn't eat the 3 rd taco and got up and ordered a Burger.  I'm happy I did.  It was flat out fantastic and Im a stickler for a good burger.  Not that the short rib taco was great.   I could of easily ate all 3 as they were great too.   Next time I go in there, I'm ordering a burger and 1 short rib taco.    This place is fantastic, and a wonderful bang for the buck.     Don't miss out on the shake either, (which i ordered for my little girls).   I almost sucked all theirs down.   One of the best chocolate shakes ever.   Next time you are in the area, drop in to The Stand and give it a try.   Nothing fancy, but no need to be.   They know what they are doing with the few items on the menu.    I could see them throwing in a special every now and then to mix things up or too try something different .   Overall,   this  place is a great place to eat.
3	The building has stand the test of time longer than any business in it's place.  The Stand is the newest food business in this location. Decent.  I ordered a burger and chips w/guac.  The chips were ok, the amount of guac you receive is pretty much a tablespoon.  The burger was similar to what I've had at other burger joints, nothing really stood out.   If The Stand does stand longer than 6 months, than a lot of promotions and superior customer service will be needed to out shine other burger joints.
4	I'm the hugest fan of lemonade and this place has some of the best!  Just be sure to say "light on the ice" or you'll have about 7 sips of lemonade and a ton of ice left.  I've also tried the veggie tacos which are very tasty, love the pickled onions on them.  The burger is also good and the bread tastes soft and fresh.  The fries are delicious and well seasoned.  Overall a great neighborhood spot and great for late night munchies.
3	Stopped in a few weeks ago. Food is good, I had a burger and lemonade. What I didn't like was who seemed to be the owner berating her employees in front of guests! Truly unprofessional , and especially when you are negative to your entire team as we are ordering.
5	Great addition to the Arcadia neighborhood.  Place is so darling inside and out.  The owners did a great job reviving this joint.  Everyone on staff was super friendly and helpful as we had many questions.  Very bright and cheery staff as well as the owner.  The chocolate shake was out of this world.  Everyone enjoyed their tacos and burgers, plus fries.we will be back again!
2	Overpriced for a mediocre burger and subpar fries.
1	Keep driving on past this place , what a wreck in service .  NO Practical solution to the madness behind the counter , the cooks behind the counter are so flustered that they can't keep up with one single ticket at one time !   Orders are late , took 15 minutes just to get a burger , and after asking for the rest of our order , the confusion began !  It was a burger AND fries ! Served one at a time in 20 minute intervals !  Not a good impression for a burger that I could of probably bought down the street at circle K !  Good luck in the future , how ever long it last at THE STRANDED burger !
4	Best non-chain drive thru burgers in Phoenix.  Best fast-food burgers in town also.  They claim all meet is ground and formed daily... it tasted like it too.Went on a busy Sunday evening, the service was very friendly and fast.Cons:  My fries were to salty otherwise they would have been great.  I asked for no pickles but they left them all.. not a big deal but would have been nice  not to dig thru it.  I had the standard no cheese, plus butter sauteed onions and grilled peppers.  a Side of sauce for the fries.  I'd definitely go back next time I crave a quick burger.  Nice to finally see something succeed in that location. Glad they have real hours unlike most  lazy joints in Phoenix, hence the busy Sunday evening.
4	I've been to The Stand several times - I'll agree with the reviewers on here who have said the burgers are fantastic, they're easily my favorite fast-food burgers in Phoenix.  I'm also quite a fan of the fries - they are a bit salty as some have noted, but that tends to be how I like my fries anyhow so no complaints here.The tacos aren't quite as fantastic - the ingredients sure do taste fresh, but the combination on the whole is just "good", not great.  If you're really hankering for a taco, I recommend the short rib over the somewhat bland chicken.  The salsa is a mild disappointment too - the "hot" salsa is anything but, though it does have a decent flavor.Service here is friendly, if somewhat chaotic and occasionally a bit "too" friendly (like asking if you need a refill 3 times even after you've said no).The decor is great, doing a neat job of intertwining the burger shack feel with Arcadia stylings.  The patio is small but nice - completely enclosed, hiding the traffic and noise of Indian School (for the most part).All in all I strongly recommend The Stand if you're looking for a burger - if you're looking for tacos, though, you may find better options elsewhere in town.
5	This place is such a win! I am so happy that this tiny, easy to miss burger/taco joint turned out to have such fantastic food/ambiance! You know it was good because after we devoured (literally) our burgers and fries, we stood back in line for a dulce de leche shake (after hearing someone else on the patio exclaim to his fellow diner - "This is the best shake I have ever had!!!" - so we knew we had to get one). It did not disappoint. They were even giving out samples of their banana shake, which was equally delicious. I am definitely going to be coming back because the service was attentive, the food came out quickly (despite the power apparently going out half an hour before we got there), and both the indoor & outdoor spaces were hip, cute & clean. In my opinion, the burgers here are better than In N Out or Five Guys. The Stand....I love you!
5	After hearing many rave reviews about the milkshakes at The Stand, I returned yesterday with a girlfriend of mine to try one. I ordered the vanilla and she ordered the banana one and decided to add chocolate to it. We were both thoroughly impressed! The shakes are made with delicious ice cream and had the occasional specs of ice in them that separate the "real" shakes from the "made from mix" ones.Friendly, professional service as usual from the owners who are dedicated to making their new business a success.
5	So my family and I went to this little burger  joint after reading the awesome reviews on Yelp and driving by numerous times. Thank you yelpers! You didn't disappoint!!! The atmosphere is very cool. Fresh ingredients all around. The owner, this giant who has to duck to walk out of the kitchen, strolls around the front and back of the restaurant and HELPS his staff. We ordered a burger a piece a couple baskets of fries to share (huge portions) and two salted dulce shakes, I opted for diet coke and to try a taco. The burgers were off the chain!!!! They were juicy and flavorful! The shake was so thick it came with a special tube(not a straw) to suck on! The taco was dry , but if u like a good rubbed beef taco u will live it. I went really for the burger so I'm still happy. As we are the giant owner came out and chatted it up with us. You could hear how proud he was of the place and his desire to serve fresh , good tasting food to HIS neighborhood! We will be back!!! Definitely a stop you must make when diving through Arcadia.
5	I read the AZ Republic review of The Stand and decided to check it out because it's just down the street from me.  The food was great!  The building is small, but cute and clean with a few seats inside and a handful outside in a covered patio area.  I ordered The Stand burger with cheese and Niman Ranch bacon and shared fries and chips and guacamole with family.  The burger was one of the best I've had in a long time; great flavor, good sauce and fresh tomatoes, onions, lettuce and pickles.  The fresh cut fries were also excellent, not too crisp but not soggy.  The chips and guac were also great, it will be a tough decision next time which side to order.  I highly recommend The Stand and will definitely be going back!
5	This place is awesome! I'm always looking for a good burger and I don't have to look any further! I've passed this place several times and always wondered how good their food is. So what did I do? I Yelped it and found out it had some pretty great reviews. I went with my sister on Saturday. We pulled in to the parking lot and already it was getting pretty busy for just opening (11am). We walked in and it was pretty small, but hey, these kinds of places usually are. The menu is pretty limited when it comes to their burger. They have "The Standard". But when you make something right, why deviate from it? I got mine with jalapenos and we ordered some fries. It was busy, so the wait was a little longer than we expected but it was definitely worth it. The burger and fries are so fresh, hot and good! If I could just make one minor suggestion, it would be to toast the bun on the grill a little bit. INeedless to say, I felt like a huge fatty after I left. I'd definitely come back again. I saw a woman eating some tacos. Maybe I'll try those next!
4	Very good burger, fresh lemonade. I liked the short rib taco. Would have liked to try the chicken taco but they were out (odd, when there are only 3 types of tacos). Cool, clean place. I'll be back.
5	This place is great. We have eaten here twice and gone there for just the milkshakes about six times. Each and every time the product is good as well as the service. The burgers are good (Similar to In & Out, but a little more flavor), the fries are great, the short rib tacos aren't bad, and the milkshakes are unbeatable. The Dulce De Leche milkshake may be the best I've ever had, the banana is awesome, the chocolate is good, and the chocolate/banana is great. They will mix any flavors you want.The decor is nice and the patio is close off and has a good feel. They are ALWAYS well staffed and the owner has been there working hard every single time we've been in. They seem to hire a lot of young kids who look to be excited to work and have great attitudes as well. Great place and it is in my frequent rotation of restaurants. Would it be possible to add BYOB? I don't know the rules on that.
5	OMG! I thought I'd grab a Burger to eat at home. No doing. That Burger smelled so good I had to have a bite. I'm only a little ashamed to say I ate the whole thing before leaving the parking lot. It reminded me of burgers hot off the grill from a drive in I frequented as a teen. Now the burger is the only thing I've tried here so its all I can speak to. Its two freshly grilled patties (I order mine with cheese which was melted into the patty just right), set atop your ordinary bun with cool veggies and a sauce that gives it a juicyness, yummm! Its messy but so good. Only bad thing is I live around the corner! I see lots of cheeseburgers in my future.
5	I went with the family to The Stand for the first time this weekend and we absolutely loved the burgers and fries. I cannot comment on anything else on the menu, but I would certainly recommend the burgers.The staff was also extremely friendly!
4	I read about The Stand in the AZ Republic, and I was intrigued by their limited menu.  There is a double burger, and 3 kinds of street tacos: short rib, chicken, and veggie.  They also have fries, chips & salsa, and a variety of beverages...including milk shakes.  I am a sucker for the milk shake, and when I read that they have BOTH chocolate chile and salted dulce de leche shakes, I KNEW I had to try this place.The very next day, I went with a couple of co-workers.  The first thing I noticed about the place was the big, bright blue BIKE RACK out front.  There is a drive thru, and the place gets busy for lunch.  The service was fast and friendly, but another coworker who went today on my recommendation said she waited a long time in the drive through line.We found our burgers, fries, shakes and lemonades to be superior, and we all plan to go back to The Stand again.  I hope to be on my bike next time!
4	We'd been meaning to stop in here for a while, and now I wish we'd done so sooner! Great burgers (adding round short rib to the mix gives a great flavor!) and you can easily split an order of frys. My wife liked the homemade horchata as well -- we'll be back!
2	I went on a Saturday afternoon. I usually get food for my co-workers and we've been curious to try this place out because it was a diamond in the otherwise rough Indian School Rd. area. I got to the drive-thru at 2:30, thinking that it would be quicker than going in.  I had to be at work at 3, so no problem. Boy, was I so wrong.As I arrived at the speaker-box, the employee immediately told me to hang on a moment as he was busy with the current customer at the window. No problem: new store, new employees, new things to learn, I understand. Then ... silence. 5 minutes later, still no response. Cars were starting to pile up behind me so I finally asked if I could order and this is the reply, 'Oh ... yeah, I forgot you were there.'  Cool brah, my self-esteem thanks you. I ordered a dulche de leche shake, the short rib and chicken tacos, and the burger with fries. When I rolled up to the window, the younger man working the register tells me to wait, again, as the card machine wasn't working and my food would take a little bit. Understatement of the year.It's 2:55 now and I'm wondering if they're plucking the chicken feathers and scraping the meat off of bones back there because that's the only excuse for having to wait so long. When they finally work things out and hand me my food,  I end up late to work, hastily give out the food to my co-workers, and sneakily eat my own burger behind the counter. Basically: I don't see the difference in buying a burger from here or 5 Guys even though they say it's made with different ingredients. Both are the same high prices (when you take toppings into account), same patty size, don't come with fries, and they both have excessive juice/oil dripping down my hand. Fries taste exactly like the salt and pepper Boulder Canyon chips except they went a little heavy with the black pepper, and when I asked my co-workers if they enjoyed the tacos, they told me next time to save my money and go to Tacos Sahuayo nearby for something tastier and cheaper. The only thing i can compliment them on is the dulche de leche shake, but anything else is just alright, nothing special. I hate it when everyone else has a good experience and I'm the odd one out :[
2	Not very efficient. If you are in a hurry I don't recommend this place. It took roughly 25 minutes last night to get 2 burgers, fries, and a shake in the drive-thru. Small menu. Not a lot of options. The burger is good but the tacos aren't consistent. 2 out of 3 attempts, the meat has been very dry. The motivating factor for this review was the bugs all over the window and wall where you receive the food from the drive-thru. Easily 150 black bugs on the white wall kind of makes you lose your appetite and probably a health code violation.
5	What a great burger! Been here several times. Always a great value and excellent service.
5	Now also my favorite burger when I want one that tastes like homemade that is packed with that grilled flavor and fresh ingredients, especially the thick and crunchy pickles. I was given a taste of the salted dulce de leche shake and it was fantastic!
5	Awesome place to go for a burger! The burgers are cooked to order, which makes it well worth the wait. The chicken tacos are awesome as well, despite the fact I do not like cilantro all that much. The fries are good, and the lemonade is simply fantastic.The cheery employees helps set this place apart from any other. They really make you feel welcome and appreciated.The Stand is also very well organized and clean. A very good indicator that the staff take pride in their job. I will be back, that's for sure!
5	Love this place! Best chocolate shakes ever! Very friendly staff and great food ! I love supporting small businesses and this couple does it right!
5	I have to update to add the extra star for the great customer service I had at the most recent trip to The Stand.  We were greeted with enthusiasm and excitement, personable and friendly... Top notch for staff!  The food was de-lish and fantastic as usual.  I had the chocolate milkshake...seriously, AMAZING.  They've also worked on their speediness for to-go orders! I'll definitely be thinking of this place when i want a quick, higher-quality-than-Wendy's burgers!
4	Went here for late lunch. Had a togo order of two burgers, one with cheese, one with grilled onions, fries and a short rib taco. The wait wasn't too bad, about 10 minutes. If you want food fast, go to a burger chain. The burgers are good. Better than any chain.  If you are expecting the best burger in the world, you're expecting too much for around 6 bucks. They are good burgers and I think they are worth the price. The fries are....... Salty!  Yes after reading other reviews, I have to agree. They need to change their seasoning to have a third of the amount of salt that they use. It looks like it has other spices like pepper, but still way to much salt and I think they need to watch their temps on the fries as mine was overdone. The taco I had was the short rib taco. For almost $3 it is tiny. The meat was a little dry, and I'm not faulting anything else about it since mine was togo and food changes consistency when you wrap it in foil. They just need to watch how long they cook the rib meat.  Until they figure that out, you are better off buying another burger instead. I would definitely go back, and next time I would ask for fries with no salt and to watch the time on it in the fryer.
5	Hidden Gem! I cant imagine a better combination....Kick butt burger, some of the best french fries around, short rib tacos and FRESH squeezed lemonade. First of all the place is adorable, pretty much every simple detail has been thought out down to the vintage coke cooler built into the order counter filled with crushed ice and mexican bottled sodas. I am not sure how you stand out in todays fancy burger crazy.....Well the folks at THE STAND figured it out. Its all about the details in the food....Nimans Ranch Bacon, quality meat, grilled peppers and onions. Do yourself a favor, make time for this joint! Brook
4	Bring a bib and a smile. The juiciest burger I've ever had, almost like a hamburger Au Jus sandwich. The downside is that it's quite the mess, but it's seriously adds to your quality of life to come here occasionally. Other downside is the size of the restaurant there really is no room and you will have to wait, but this is a great change of pace to any of the chains out there.
4	The burgers, fries, milkshake and chicken tacos were very good.  The service though left a lot to be desired.  The food and drinks were delivered in waves.  The burgers and tacos were delivered, then minutes later the drinks, the milkshake eventually came, but no fries.  After going back up to the counter to tell them we didn't get our fries, they came long after the burgers and drinks were done.  If they could just get the timing down it would be an even better experience.I hope they do well since they seemed like very nice people!
4	Great burgers, really good fries and amazing milkshakes.  Love the short-rib tacos, not so crazy about the veggie or chicken tacos.   Super friendly employees who always go out of way to please.  And LOVE that they have a drive-thru, too!
3	I live around the corner from this place and I've been there several times. I've tried everything except the milkshakes and the veggie taco.Burgers are pretty good if you are a fan of the in-and-out style of burger. I do wish they had a single patty option, as the double stack is pretty big. The short rib taco is better than the chicken, but I'm not the biggest fan of the pickled veggies on them. I just pick them off.Fries and guacamole are great!The chips are strange though. They use a different type of oil that I think is supposed to be healthier. Both times I've tried them all I can taste is that oil and it has a strong smell too. I always get take out and I can smell the chips in my kitchen for hours after they've been in there.I have no real complaints. It is a good place if you are looking for a quick bite that's better than a traditional drive through. But be prepared to wait a little longer too. They make your food to order, so unless you want to spend a significant time in your car, I would skip the drive though if there is even a single car in line.
5	Taking a stand for.. The Stand! - The tacos  are a 12 on a scale of 1-10!  The flavor is amazing and the salsa makes it  just pop!  The lemonade peach tea is ICE COLD on a hot AZ day... and home- made with fresh peaches.  The staff is friendly and the space is clean neat simple and  warm all at the same time! I will be back for the burger they make from scratch!  They even have a  DRIVE THROUGH option! I would not be surprised if this place is featured on the travel channel soon..YUM!
2	Love the food but the service is consistently horrible - 10 min wait in the drive thru with nothing but a "I'll be right with you followed by 10 mins of silence."  Not acceptable.  Then the kicker is going inside to order because I really like the food, asking what happened and having the 12yr old at the counter give me attitude and act like a total prick.  I like supporting local restaurants but you need to pick your s*&$ up.  It doesn't matter how good you food is - if I know its going to be a hassle more often than not I'll just go to one of the other 900 burger places in town...
4	It's dangerous that I can walk to this place in about three minutes. Their shakes are AMAZING. Best ever.Their burgers are great too, as are their fries. In fact, all I need is a shake and some fries from this place and I'm happy as a clam. Unfortunately, we really did not enjoy the tacos here. Hopefully, they improve on them - I would love to have a great drive through taco place minutes from me.I've never actually been in this place, just through the drive through. It's definitely worth a visit if you're in the mood for a shake.
5	I had an outstanding first experience here this past Monday, partly due to the fact that it was "Free Fry Monday" where you get free fries with any burger purchase before 3pm.  Since they took care of the fries, I opted to add the Niman's Ranch bacon to my burger, and forego a delicious looking milk shake... this trip.  I learned that they have a gluten-free bun option which is a pleasant surprise for an in-and-out style burger and will try it on my next trip.  The staff was extremely pleasant - welcoming on my first visit and I'm pretty sure every single staff member asked me what I thought and they even addressed me by my name.  I highly recommend this place and will be back!
4	Just had another great burger but the most excellent fries were, once again, way over-salted.  Plug up some of those holes in the seasoning shaker, review the process, etc. but please look for a way to keep this from happening on a regular basis.  I'll definitely be back to check......
4	One of the best burgers I've had in a long time, if ever. I got one with cheese, grilled onions and bacon - it comes standard with pickles and tomato but I went without. The grilled onions were perfectly cooked, it had plenty of cheese with a tasty "Stand sauce" (a type of thousand island sauce), and the bacon was a revelation - something about Niman Ranch? So very good.An order of fries is definitely more than one person should eat. While I prefer thicker cut fries, kudos for keeping the skin on and seasoning them with more than just salt. Also order a side of the Stand sauce with them! There's only ketchup at the tables.The inside seemed a little weird with how austere it was. Definitely not what I expected. They have an air-cooled patio, though!I really wanted a shake (they have a lot of tasty-sounding flavours) but seemed a bit pricey at just under $5 for a 20oz. Maybe next time...Overall, definitely would come back (must try the rib taco!) but remember to share a single order of fries instead of ordering your own and save a little cash for a shake. Very nice local business I hope sticks around!
5	Everything about The Stand is delicious. Everything. Everything at The Stand is fresh...right down to the homemade lemonade. The staff? Friendly, helpful, and welcoming. I usually get The Standard with cheese (Two house-ground patties, fresh lettuce, tomato, onion and lettuce). Once in a while, I'll add Niman Ranch bacon to the mix. The burgers are consistently delicious...every single time.Yesterday, I tried the short rib tacos, only because it's so hot outside, and I didn't want a heavy meal. They were TO-DIE-FOR delish! BIG hunks of tender, perfectly seasoned short rib meat, and fresh onion, cilantro, pickled cabbage and cojita cheese. They were FABULOUS!!! This place is small, and usually a little crowded, but don't let that deter you. It's definitely THE place to go for wonderful burgers, freshly made fries and the best tacos I've ever had...My only suggestion? A single burger for the smaller appetite...
5	I drove passed a few times and thought to myself, "how long has that been there, and why haven't I tried it yet?" Well, today was the day. The guy at the drive-thru was friendly and helpful. I had the Standard burger with cheese and added on grilled jalapenos and bacon. I couldn't help but order the salted caramel - dulce de leche milkshake. I couldn't drive home fast enough to have a fat kid moment on the couch! This was easily one of the BEST BURGERS/SHAKES I've had in AZ. Do yourself a favor and check it out! If you're going to eat fast food, why not support a local, fresh made joint?
5	Remember when Buddy Ryan came to Phoenix and proclaimed, "...there's a winner in town"?  The problem was, he wasn't a winner.  But there is a new winner in town and it's called, "The Stand".   I was BLOWN AWAY! by The Stand yesterday.  This place is seriously good.  VERY, very good!  And the best iced tea EVER!The menu is very, very simple.  (Which I like.  I mean, you can pretty much get your burger any way you want, so keeping the menu itself simple makes sense, right?) So, I got my double cheese ("Standard with Cheese"), and really, really, really good first bite: richest American cheese I've had in years.  All in all, make no mistake, a very good burger, delicious burger.Just like they promised: big, leafed lettuce, great pickles, big pickles, good sliced raw onion, with the "Standard Sauce", which is their "secret sauce", alright?Fries are good; I like the skin-on thing..Now, into territory that I know little about but I was FLOORED by the great iced teas!  While I was getting my burger and fries, I was talked into a peach iced tea.  That might have been the greatest glass of iced tea I've ever had!  I re-iced it about 3pm, the damn thing lasted me all day!  I ate the peach slice about 5:30pm, delicious!Go there now!  Great new burger in town.
5	The chicken taco!!!!! That is all I have to say.
4	The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because we have gone to The Stand several times and they are always out of something..However the food we did have was amazing. Best taco EVER! My boyfriend liked his burger too. Lots of greatflavors and just a different type of place.
5	Order in, drive through this place is the go to in Arcadia for a great burger (ok I didn't mean to make that rhyme).  They "get" great customer service and always ask for my name when I order even in the drive through.I haven't had a chance to try a shake yet mostly because I save my calories for a Standard with Cheese and fries.  They are also always happy to modify my burger as I am not a lettuce, tomato, onion fan.Only gripe is they use a lot of pepper on both the burger and on the fries.  I like well seasoned but the beef is amazing and flavorful so no need to add anything else.  Same with the fries, salt is all you need!
1	My friends & I have talked about going here for weeks especially since we live down the street.. They literally have 4 meal options.. Burger and 3 dif tacos (shortrib,chicken,vegi). On a wednesday around dinner time they were out of the short rib taco.. So I was stuck with chicken, cause no vegetarian taco is worth 3 dollars..  Super slow even with 6 people working and they were more interested in goofing around like high school gym class. **Here is a suggestion, so if you are out of short ribs or chicken why not have other options like ground beef or steak.. Problem Solved!!  Obviously there is no chef/cook  to make such as easy suggestion!
4	The Stand is great. It's like a wet dream of a fast food establishment. Fresh and quality ingredients, good service, and decent prices. You can't go wrong with their tacos or burger; both are solid (Chicken tacos are a personal favorite). Milk Shakes are quality too (especially salted caramel). In a perfect world, the Burger Kings and McDonalds out there would be replaced with establishments like this. Nothing crazy, just good solid food made well. One huge plus side here too is that they are great for people who must eat Gluten Free. Pretty much everything on the menu is either already gluten free (all the tacos, fries, chips) or can be made that way (the burger). They even have gluten free hamburger buns, which I don't see at too many places. I'd love to see this place be successful, because fast food that is actually GOOD is in short supply. It'd be great to see places like this start popping up more often. (Sad side note...this used to be the building where Maui Dog was...hate to see that place go, thought it was great; but glad the building was taken over with something else good like this)
4	this place is the grand master of drive-throughs.  i love that i have the option of getting tacos, burgers, chips, AND fresh lemonade without ever having to leave my car.  add a hot dog to the menu and i would flip out!i usually go for the standard with cheese; it's huge, fresh, and super juicy.  it can often be a little bit of a mess, but who cares? this is a fast food place, people. their carne asada tacos are great as well-tender and full of flavor.  i'm not usually a banana person, but their banana stand milkshake is so so good and unlike any milkshake i've had.  definitely give it a shot if you want to try something new! my only issue with this place is how backed up their drive-through can get, especially during peak hours.  they make everything fresh, so it obviously takes a little bit longer than your standard fast food place, but sometimes it can take 25+ minutes to get your food. i'm not sure if they need more people dedicated to cooking for the drive-through only or what, but i would give them 5 stars if they resolved this!
5	Great food!!! Of course it's going to take a little bit getting your food because everything is made fresh. Our food took about 10 minutes to get to us. I give it five stars because my shake was the best I'd ever had.
5	YUM!  You must go here to eat if you are in the mood for any of the 4/5/8 items on the menu.  My only wish is that they offered a vegetarian burger.We tried:The Stand burger with fried jalapenos, bacon and gluten free bun.  My husband LOVED it.Veggie taco was amazing.  The yellow squash topped with pickled cabbage, cilantro and cojita cheese.  Squeeze the fresh lime on top.  Mmmmmm.... I didn't receive any salsa which I wish I had but it was still very good.French fries were outstanding.  I was worried since some reviews stated pepper on them.  I do not like pepper but these were perfectly sliced and perfectly fried and seasoned.  So good.  I wish I could have eaten more of them.  Was to full for the two of us to finish the serving.Chocolate Chili milkshake was strange.  A Mexican hot chocolate flavor with cinnamon.  I don't care for cinnamon.  The burn when it went down your throat was exciting though.  Hubby wouldn't put it down.  He was in heaven.Salted Dulce De Leche milkshake was so so so good.  Can't wait for another one.We had a groupon or deal chicken or something and hope to see another one soon but will be back either way.It was HOT and we were forced to sit outside on the air conditioned patio because the 4 tables inside were taken.  The air conditioning blowing straight on you helped but it still wasn't comfortable.Service was very attentive and the owner or manager seemed very friendly.
4	The Stand holds a special spot in my heart before I even tried their food since this is the old location of Maui Dogs, and that's where I had my first date with the hubbs. That's what made it even more satisfying to find that the food didn't disappoint! I got the standard double patty cheeseburger with grilled onions and a grilled jalapeno plus a side of fries and a salted dulce de leche shake. I enjoyed all of it. The other reviews on Yelp hit the nail on the head when they describe it as a sort of pseudo-in-n-out. I would say they are pretty similar in many ways but I'd also say they have some key differences. I can only commit to saying I like both in different ways. The jalapeno and grilled onions are a must when ordering a burger here, I like anything and everything spicy so the fact that they spread the whole jalapeno out on the burger (with the seeds) instead of little slices from a jar made a world of difference and gave it a glorious kick. The fries were my cup-o-tea, similar to in-n-out. My man thinks they were a little soggy for his taste but I thought they were just as soggy at in-n-out and I devoured them. The shake was AMAZEBALLS but I definitely think I might have gone into diabetic shock after sharing one with Eric. The staff was really nice, but really slow. We waited for half an hour for our food and when we finally got it we asked if it would've been faster to go through the drive thru and they gave an honest answer (which I admire)-- they're just slow. lol Can't hate on the truth! They are fairly new so I bet they will speed up the service with more experience. Can't wait to come back!
4	Good burgers and fries - kinda like one step above In n Out.I haven't tried the tacos or shakes, but I definitely will next time (salted carmel dulce de leche...were they reading my mind???). We went inside to order around 11:30 on a weekday, and it was medium busy. Our food came out less than 10 minutes after we ordered.Prices are ~$5.50 for a cheeseburger, $3 for fries, so it's on par with a 5 Guys or something similar. For the same price and the same quality, I'd much rather support a locally-owned business.
4	Good burgers and tacos. Few choices on menu but good one. Reasonable prices.
5	Delicious.  We've had the cheeseburgers, fries, milkshakes, and tacos.  The vegetarian taco is just fantastic.  Prompt, friendly service.  Reasonable prices.  Incredibly yummy food.  We're sticking with The Stand.
3	Looks like "the Stand" downsized their tacos in a big way. The wedge of lime is almost as big as the tacos itself and then we have the inside of the beef taco which hardly contained any short rib at all. The tacos were good, but not worth $3.00 each, maybe for two, but they have to make a profit somewhere. Look at the other photos and then my tacos - hardly any meat and it took 12 minutes to make two of them when it was only mildly busy. The veggie taco was decent as well, but put some more veggies in there please. Salsa was fresh and full of good ingredients and corn tortillas also seemed freshly prepared. I suppose this could be considered a light lunch, but you will have to add chips or another side for a meal.
5	Melt in your mouth burger and perfect sweet-tart lemonade.
5	Small place, limited menu, however, what they do they do good... YUM, I had all three of the taco's.. excellent... Veggie, Chicken and Short Rib... I really liked them and plan on returning to have them again, then again, their hamburger looked pretty awesome as well.  Nice to find a place different from all the chains... I shall return...
2	First off, dont belive the one $ price range, this place is SPENDY!The taco's I had were short rib and chicken, very tasty and good but nowhere near worth the price of 3 bucks each.The chips and salsa...I don't even know how to explain....I guess rip-off would do it. As another yelper said, its a bag of bleh chips and a tiny ittty bitty teensie wenisie plastic container of salsa that you'd normally put on your burrito or taco. Very chincy, come on Stand, its salsa, not real wasabi or gold for that matter.Oh the wait! All teens in the neighborhood work here I suppose, which is good as kids need to work too, but lets stop the chatter and do a little work on behalf of the starving masses that have paid for their food. Really, with such a simple menu why does it take forever?Oh Jesus, I just remembered the lemonade....errrr...lemon juice as there is no ade in this crap. I dont care how you spin it, fresh lemonade is great when its fresh squeezed and HAS AT LEAST A TEASPOON of SUGAR. Nothing worse than a bunch of hipsters/yuppies standing around or writing reviews about something "artisan" or "homemade". Holy crap, if you went to the fridge and grabbed that little fake lemon with the juice in it that you splash on while cooking and ripped the top off and guzzled it you will know what I mean. So I even poured out half and kindly, they filled with tea to attempt the Arnold Palmer...pucker pucker pucker pucker... I recommend it just so you can suffer the same fate I did. Its actually quite a funny experience except for the crazy heartburn because you just jammed some unholy concoction down your throat. And its like $3.50. I told them its too sour and they replied "people like it"...OK how about you make something "a lot of people will like, not just hipster/yuppies?"......insert blank stare from teen hereI really do hope they correct the issues they have because the tacos are decent, they do need to do something about the bland tortilla its in tho.Final rating is 2 stars as the food was OKGo see the Windy place at the SW corner two blocks to the east. It has ugly decor and has a little grease on the walls. But it STANDS higher than this place, way higher!
5	I'm definitely giving a 5 star review due to the service. We had our 1 cheat day and I was dead set on a greasy burger. So, we decided to try The Stand and get drive thru. However, when we got home, the bag broke open, spilling all of the food on the concrete parking spot. We were so bummed! I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager, Ron. This is where I'm floored. Ron drove all the way to where we live just to deliver a new set of burgers!! Are you kidding?!? That is AMAZING customer service and REALLY going above and beyond!!!!Thank you so much for turning our night around!! Oh! And you really have to try these shakes. Wow.
5	Yummmmmmm! Awesome tacos, really good salsa and amazing milk shakes. Will definitely be back soon!!
3	A solid throw back burger with some 21st century "I give more of a damn about the quality of the products I eat" adjustments.  Sit back and think about the origins of this great concept...I say sit back because that is what you'll be doing waiting at the drive-through.One quick suggestion: The standard is probably too much for most of us.  Take off a patty and sell it as a 'sub standard' or something....well maybe come up with a better name first.One more quick suggestion: Avoid the drive-thru, I've had root canals that have taken less time then it takes to get through this thing.  They get dinged a star until they can figure this out.
4	I had to update my review.  This place is fresh, local, and makes a solid burger.  I love their drivethru, and I don't even mind that it's little $$ for the extras because the food is such great quality and they use local ingredients.  Simple, tasty, and consistent.
5	Ok! Got a $20 for $10 deal on Deal Chicken so I had no excuse not to come back and try the banana shake and rib taco I mentioned in my first review.Ohhhh man, that shake is so good. Real chunks of banana in vanilla ice cream blended with banana syrup - it tastes like the best banana pudding you've ever had, only frozen. I'm a huge fan of banana anything (obviously) so this was a real treat for me. The short rib taco was street taco style with pickled cabbage, onion, and cilantro with some sauce. It was a little spicier than I expected (but I'm really sensitive when it comes to spiciness!) that was probably from the cojita and cremoso or whatever the meat was basted in. It was really good, though! Good thing I had the milkshake to wash it down with.Got the same burger and fries as last time. Muy delicioso. What I assume is the owner was in again and is super friendly. He commented on my Star Trek shirt and we had a quick chat about the new film while my food was being prepared. The only con for me is that it's not near my house or anything I ever go to. I wish it was downtown!
4	A friend took me here for lunch.Smallish burger joint with indoor and outdoor seating.  Not much room indoors - we ate outside - it's shady and has a fan.Ordered the burger, a lemonade and fries.I really wish I took a picture of the platter we were served - it looked delicious!The burger was excellent - they are all 2 patties.  Tasted excellent - wasn't dripping in grease or sauce.  Very enjoyable.The fries are cooked fresh and are thin sliced - but not too crispy.The service is EXCELLENT.  They came out and refilled out drinks.I HIGHLY recommend!!!!
4	The most delightful Dulce de Leche milkshake I've ever had!
4	Killer shakes (salted dulce de leche is my fav), delicious burgers and tacos.  Takes a while to get your food but so worth it.
5	Best burgers in town
1	I called in my order at 4:00 and they said it would be ready in 5 to 10 minutes.  I asked if I could pick it up at the drive thru and they said yes or that I could come in.  I waited at the drive thru for several minutes and finally backed up and parked my car only to come in and have someone assist other people but not me.  I saw a bag on the to go counter and asked if that was mine.  I waited 10 minutes and after that paid and got the bag only to find out that the fries were COLD.  I said I wanted warm fries which they said they would do, but then I thought that means that the burger and taco that I got would even be COLDER.  I will never go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	It's 10:45pm right now. Just got back from The Stand. They wouldn't serve me. Sorry to write this out (kind of a bummer)---but if you're thinking of a late-night burger, don't bother. They have no interest in serving you. I even called ahead and asked if they'd still make a burger and fries if I drove down. They said, "sure, we don't close 'til eleven.''" I drove down. One of the employees gave me some line about how the drive-thru closes at 10pm some nights. And, yeah...tough luck.Wondering if the food's any good? Read Ryan J.'s review of 7/13. Because I wouldn't know.In the meantime, find another late-night burger option.
4	Some of the peeps at my GF's job recommended this joint so I took my girlie to check it out. Its a quaint location but don't let the size hinder you cuz the food is delish. Super friendly staff & free refills on sum delicious drinks. Tried their tacos-they were good/ GF loved them. The burger & fry's was impressive to me. Great special sauce on the burgers & great on the fry's. As Arny says..."I'll be back!"
5	By far the best gluten-free burger place ever. Incredible, local, family-based service.
1	Much to my chagrin the wife wanted their tacos again. Went inside. Ordered. Then almost slipped a disk when I stumbled on the greasy floor. Asked the server to mop. She ignored me. Hailed the manager and asked him to mop and explained the floor was extremely greasy. Ignored. If your front lobby floor is THAT DIRTY, how does the kitchen look???????
5	They are old fashion burgers that actually have alot of flavor and fresh ingredients. They are actually doing what a big chain that tries to get you "in and out" claims to do in that nothing is frozen and everything is fresh. Only they do it much better. All the ingredients are fresh daily and the burger is hand crafted to order. Honestly it is one of the best burgers I think I have ever had and I think everyone should give it a shot. We also got their fries which were wonderful and their Mexican corn which I am having a craving for right now. I also have had their shakes previously and can't say enough good things about them either. As if the food wasn't enough, the entire staff was friendly and helpful! We will be back and I hope anyone reading this will give them a shot!
2	We stopped by this place when we were by. Menus is very limited and overly priced! Their food is over rated by staff. I had a chicken taco and a beef taco which are the only tacos listed on menu. The chicken taco had very little flavor. The beef taco was ok nothing to die for...  I think I paid @ $ 10.00 for the two tacos and a median drink.
4	Not the best burger I've ever had... but it was REALLY good!  I hit up The Stand for lunch and received quick, helpful service.  The girl at the counter made suggestions since I had never been there before... and she was spot on.  I had a cheeseburger with bacon (because why would anyone ever order a burger without bacon???) and struggled to not gobble up the whole thing!Note that the place is tiny (or as real estate agents would call it, "cozy").  And I mean, get to know your neighbor, because you may be sharing a table with someone who also is enjoying a delicious burger or tasty tacos.
4	Love the burgers and like the staff.  (They could use a little more personality - not quite like Dutch Brother coffee, but maybe a smile or two..)They were a little quick to close the patio on a Sunday.  So we had to fend for ourselves to take a seat.  We laughed as 4 different staff people tried to get out the locked patio door, until one wise one finally decided to unlock the door.The burgers a just like In & Out Burgers.  Very delish.
5	Visited here a while ago, and LOVED it!  I have meant to write a review ever since. The burgers and shakes are amazing and memorable! I highly recommend the salted caramel shake. The owner was there when we visited, asking how everything was...and that is always appreciated. Can't wait to go back!
4	salted dulce de leche is where it's at. That shake is great.The short rib tacos are also quite good.  The florescent lights really detract from me wanting to eat there at night.
5	First time here and I love the burgers :] my favorite place was this other burger joint (dont wanba mention any names,  it wasn't In-N-Out) but after my first bite of the burgers here this is my new favorite place.   I only had a bacon cheeseburger and a chocolate  milkshake and I can't wait to go back and try the fries and some of the other shakesPlace was kinda small and really crowded but then again I was there around lunch time.
5	The stand is getting better and better and better. I am addicted. I find myself craving these burgers now! Keep up the good work Stand folks!!
5	You've never lived until you've been to The Stand. Burger: The Stanard with a grilled jalepeno is by far the best hamburger in Arizona. The Tacos are to die for. If you like corn on the cob, imagine it grilled and slathered in a cheesy herb sauce. Yeah... it's that good. Milk shakes are fantastic. The staff is friendly and peppy. You'll never go wrong here. Just try not to order everything off the menu. It's tempting.
5	This place doesn't have a big menu but they execute what they do really well and the staff is awesome!   Great place
5	I HAVE TO MOVE THIS TO FIVE STARS.Quite frankly, I don't recall ever giving THE STAND just four stars, but they just keep impressing and impressing.The burger is outstanding.  It's getting to the point now where I want to eat two.  The one thing I didn't "take to", initially, were the fries.  But two nights ago, I ate a burger and fries and the FRIES WERE OUTSTANDING!  Crisp, skin-on, sea salt, TREMENDOUS.GO THERE NOW!  RENT A ROOM NEARBY!  OUTSTANDING!~
3	Great food but some of the worst service I have ever experienced. They served 3 customers before me that showed up 5 minutes after I had already ordered. When I asked why my food was taking so long they said they were waiting on fries, but somehow everyone else that got their food had fries with their order. I had them just give me my food without fries because my burger and taco had been sitting there for 10 minutes while they waited on fries. Waiting 20 minutes for a burger, fries and a taco is pretty ridiculous. Might try it one more time. Otherwise I'll just go to in-n-out burger and get close to the same thing for cheaper and quicker.
5	I actually came here because I had purchased a Deal Chicken deal. So glad I did!! The burgers were to die for! The Banana Stand milkshake was tasty and perfect! Peach Lemonade was delish! And the fries...Well they were okay, the boyfriend didn't like that there were so many little pieces versus full fries. And I thought they were a touch to salty, but I would gladly order them again!Everyone was really happy to see us, and serve us! The place is sort of small, but it has a patio with a cooling unit on it.I highly recommend this place!!!
5	The burgers were really good, one of the best I've had. They grind their own hamburger meat and you can definitely tell. Their fries are delicious and I had a chocolate chili shake that was really good too. We're pretty new to Phoenix and this place will definitely be someplace we go again and tell people about
4	Very good. More chicken in the chicken taco, please.  Small, focused menu that they cook well.
4	AMAZING. The tacos are more than delicious and the service is above your typical fast food joint.  The owners or workers will be sure to stop by your table to check on you, refill drinks, and ensure everything is swell. A detail like that is unexpected in this mega casual sort of setting.  The Stand is very small with only a few tables inside but many more outside on the enclosed patio.  (So on a hot day, sitting outside is not ideal) If you are planning on meeting a group, it may be difficult to find seating. We were only a party of 2 and were lucky enough to grab one of the tables inside on a very hot summer day. There is a drive-thru as well, if you just want something to go. If you are looking for one of Phoenix's best new 'hole-in-the-wall" joints, this is it!Update: still a fan but knocked off one star bc i dont think the burgers are out of this world. They messed up our simple order--twice in one trip.  I'd go back for the tacos, somewhere else for a burger probably.
4	Burgers were very good. Cashier called me Pablo (not my name). Probably the best bacon I've ever had on a burger but not the most bacon I've ever had on a burger. Everything was delicious and if you're looking for a great burger you should totally go to The Stand.
3	Ordered a burger and it was good, not excellent. The fries are a little better then 5guys but with such a limited menu and an exceptionally long wait time.... like 20 minutes in the drive thru... I'm not sure I will go back.
5	THE best burger in town. Hands down. Life changing even. Our fav burger place was Zinburger. That has now been overtaken by this little gem. Customer service is amazing! The tacos, and shakes are beyond and this is my husband and I'd new favorite place to treat ourselves.
5	Insanely, ridiculously amazing! I am kind of mad I found this place...because I'm obsessed! I'll admit that I have yet to try the tacos but that's only because the Standard Burger is just way too good not to order every single time. Don't skimp and not order a shake. Once you have one you'll see what I mean! Yum!!!!
5	The burgers are delicious and the french fries are outstanding!  Their food tastes fresh and it fits in great with the Arcadia vibe.  I highly recommend this place!
4	I have been here a few times now, and twice with a Deal Chicken. The tacos are okay if you're looking for a more upscale fast food taco. The burger is delicious. All the right toppings come together! One suggestion: I wished they would serve a single patty burger. Then I may be more likely to add fries or a shake. But after not being able to finish or truly enjoy either after eating the burger, I'm more likely to just get the burger in the future and call it a meal. Plus, I usually treat myself with a burger and don't eat them regularly, so one beef patty is enough to satisfy my craving.
5	Great burgers and fries. Dolce milkshake is off the charts.  Be prepared to wait in the drive-thru line as this is not fast food, its made to order.Met Miranda one of the managers and she was awesome, bringing my dogs treats in the line and offering to take my order from the parking lot so I didn't have to leave them in the car for a few minutes. Excellent service.Will be a frequent visitor.
3	I had a very mixed experience at The Stand. The burger and fries were good. The chocolate shake was divine: rich and creamy. The drive-thru was horrible. It took us at least 30 minutes to order and get our food when there were only four cars in front of us. i can understand how drive-thrus can get backed up. It happens. All the worker had to do was apologize for the wait when we got our food. We complained about the wait and we got a half hearted apology. I would like to go back because the food is good and I want to support a local business. My only hesitation is the long wait. It is hard to wait that long in a drive- thru.
5	Burgers are nice and juicy...Fries are nice and crispy...Mexican corn needed more condiments but was good...overall GREAT experience!
5	It's official. As of today, The Stand is my top burger joint in Phoenix. I stopped here on my first trip out to The Valley, and it's turned into a regular stop ever since I moved here. The burgers are perfect. They're not too heavy on the meat and not overwhelmed by toppings. There's a perfect balance happening between those buns. A bigger patty or more patties does Not mean a better burger. Someone should put out that memo. I've never had a dry burger here either. They're always tender and juicy. My verdict is still out on the fries, but I don't come here for the fries so it's kind of a non-issue for me. The shakes are great. I've had a plain vanilla a couple of times, and hear the dulce de leche is the cow's moo, so I'll be trying that at some point. If you're feeling Mexicany, the short rib tacos are good. I'm not well versed enough in taco to say how well they stack up against others in the area, but I liked them. The Mexican corn has also been a go-to. Very good. It's worth mentioning that the people that work here have always been friendly on my visits. At times I've experienced an almost sickening amount of smiley and bubbly here. That's not a bad thing. An aversion to overly happy people is my own cross to bear, and I won't take it out on them.On the whole, when I think about it, the Stand is my top stop in Phoenix... period.
5	Ate here with a friend and wow was it ever delicious. The peach lemonade was absolutely delicious. The burgers were awesome. Seriously one of the best it's a double burger we added cheese and bacon and it comes with lettuce onion and tomato. Now the fries! Oh my they are great with skin on, they have a salty and slightly spicy thing going on. I will come again even if I have to drive across town to get here
1	Just ate my first burger with jalopenos.  Burger was cold; it was mostly bread and not worth the 7 bucks.  Won't be going back. To each his own.
3	Its like a good In-and-out burger and fries.  Its solid, just not mind-blowing and not as cheap.  And I do mean an In and out in California, not the crappy ones out here.The tacos are tasty too, though I'm not sure I'd pay 3 bucks for a tiny, not-so-special taco again.  Really they should put 2 per order at that price for the size of these.  They cram too much ice into their beverages too.  I love the ice (tiny cubes, mottled), but they displace so much of the liquid that you don't end up with enough.They should also do something about the bathroom smell in that hallway when you walk in.
5	Super good burgers. Everything fresh. Great to see in Arcadia. Tacos are really good also. Must try the shakes
5	Amazing food. I have had everything and it was all good, but a must is the Dulce de Leche shake. One of the best I have ever had! Truelly. You 100% have to try.
5	The Stand is a nice change-of-pace burger / taco option for Phoenix downtowners and hipsters and those of us who aren't zombies. The Stand is awesome for folks with food allergies. I was in there and the owner was explaining his sensitivity towards people with food allergies because of his own personal (family) challenges. 5 stars for the customer service.4.5 stars for the food.4 stars for the prices.It's a locally owned business, so I'll continue to support it!
5	Uh, YUM. This place is small and out of the way. I've driven by it a million times and never thought to stop until our friends told us we should go with them to get some burgers. The first thing I noticed was how clean and modern the inside was. It was nice and cozy. We ordered burgers and fries and a short rib taco with a chocolate shake. The shake was so thick and delicious. The fries are seasoned perfectly and the burger was fantastic. You definitely have to get a cheeseburger...the cheese and special sauce make it. It comes with two thinner patties and I actually like that a lot. Sometimes when the patties are too big it makes for messy eats. I didn't get a bite of the taco since boyfriend ate it but he and our friends who have eaten there before said it was awesome.The staff is fun and pleasant so we will definitely going back here again!
3	The burger was pretty good and fries were salty and greasy and delicious!  I tried the chicken and short rib variations of the taco. Both were satisfying. The price for a burger and couple of tacos?  $20! A bit overpriced! And they are out of lemonade?!?!
1	I decided to give this place a try, but unfortunately did not get a chance to partake. After waiting for 15 minutes in the drive-thru line that never moved (literally) I decided to call a spade a spade and left. At other "upscale" drive-thrus (see D'lish), if their drive-thru line is long, a staff member comes out to your car to take and/or deliver your order. The Stand could learn a thing or two about improving their customer service.
4	This review only speaks to the amazing milkshakes they serve at The Stand. So delicious and a really cute spot. Nice employees and a drive-thru to boot!
4	If I'd stumbled over this burger stand, which appears to have crossed the temporal barrier from a 1960s where Phoenix was much more sophisticated, on my own, I'd be having a five-star rave over how it's the most amazing thing ever.Having had it recommended as the most amazing thing ever by a foodie web site, I'm feeling distinctly three-star-ish. So split the difference, as the place is well-intentioned in a flustered way, and neighborhoods need good hamburger joints.Certainly, it was the best-smelling burger in recent memory. You get two thin, seared patties that are most definitely well-done. Any juiciness comes from the Russian dressing, the tomato, and really first-rate pickles. The fries were workmanlike, if lukewarm. When twilight falls and the Muzak plays Pink Floyd, you will eat the fries anyway.Y'know... same price as fast food, hipster ambience... I'd eat here again simply because you don't find yourself soaked in grease and self-loathing at the end of the meal.
4	Pretty solid burger/milkshake.   I did order 2 tacos (short rib and chicken) only to find out that once home they had given me just 2 veggie ones.  Even my meat lover brother in law enjoyed the veggie tacos and my daughter and I found the milk shake and burger good.  A little pricey, but overall tasty and a nice addition to Arcadia.
4	If you are looking for a good ol fashioned cheesey cheese burger.  You are in luck. Was happy to have stumbled upon this little gem of the east valley. Their chips and guacamole are off the chain and I have had a couple bites of their tacos and what a taste bud pleaser.  also take advantage of their delicious juices YUM. The staff is always been nice and when I am near that side of town I always look forward to stopping by. They have amazing hours.
4	A lot of goodness in this little building!The Stand has become one of my favorite spots for burgers and fries.  Yes, they do make other things, but I have yet to venture any further down the menu board.  Yet.The building is small, but the space is used efficiently with both indoor and outside seating.  The staff is friendly and enthusiastic - they seem to genuinely like working there, and keep things running quickly.I am hooked on The Standard (with cheese, of course) - a juicy, cheesy creation of beauty pillowed within a fresh egg bun.  I choose to have mine without onions or tomato, keeping the fresh crisp lettuce and crunchy pickles.  Just the right amount of sauce rounds out this treat of a burger.  What is a burger without fries?  The Standard's fresh-cut fries are fantastic.  Not at all greasy, the portion is more than enough to share.  Well, unless you are me, and greedily hoard them all for myself.  Get your own.
3	The food is really great, but the prices are a little high. It can be a little pricey when you're ordering for more than one person other than that great place.
5	Drive thru gourmet burger place? hell yah!Stopped here a few times while I was going to my weekly appointment nearby and was very impressed.. I've only ever ordered the burger.. add the yummy Niman Ranch bacon (extra, but seriously worth it) and I'm in la la land!  Their staff is very friendly and the food is made to order, seasoned *perfectly* and above all, delicious.  OH yeah, the fries are awesome... perfectly seasoned and just like I like them.
4	As always, skip to the last paragraph if you want the quick review!I've driven by this joint on the north side of Indian School Rd. more than once and today I had an opportunity to stop and check it out.  I was getting it to go, but went inside to see what the place was like, rather than use the drive thru window.It is small, but what would you expect from a place called "The Stand".  I found it very clean and busy.  It was 12:30PM on a Monday.  There were three people ahead of me in line and a couple of people taking orders.  They moved us through pretty quickly.I ordered a burger w/cheese, a short rib taco, vege taco and a chocolate shake.  This will end up being two meals for me, but I always like to try a few different things when I go someplace for the first time.She asked if I wanted fries, I declined, she countered with "It's free fries Monday".  OK, I'll try the fries as well.My order was ready in about 10 minutes.The staff were friendly and you definitely got the feeling they were working hard to get things out as quickly as possible.Despite the small menu, they have some good offerings for the masses.I feel their pricing is fair.  The ingredients seemed to be of better than average quality, so I expect to pay a little more than average.How does it go, do a few things and do them well.  Holds true at The Stand as far as I'm concerned.  The burger was reminiscent of old school In and Out, back when they were just in California, but just a touch better.  The shake was delicious, although could have been a touch smoother.  Fries were good as well.  If you like crispy fries, you'll probably want to request that when you order.  Vege taco was delicious.  Very well done.  Short rib taco was tasty too.  Will I go back? Yes, if I'm in the area and want a quick and tasty lunch!
5	Yum! Burger is fantastic, and excited to try the tacos.
4	ummmm YUMOk first of all, Salted Dulce de Leche milkshake?!?! HFS this was good - now onto the burgers...One step up from fast food but still deliciously greasy.  I was fortunate enough to come  here while enduring a less than delightful hangover.  Perfect food, especially with the milkshake.  When you're not in the mood for something gourmet, The Stand is where it's at.
5	Love this place. Dulce de Leche shack with a double cheese burger and fries, its heaven.
2	been wanting to try this out for a while and finally got my chance....I went for the burger...was not impressed  I think the patty was a bit to lean for my taste  and did have 'different' flavor probably from the rib meat Im guessing but it came off a bit 'exotic' for my taste and what I look for in a burger....the bun however is a nice egg bun I think is a bit 'dense' for the size of patties they serve and although I prefer thin patties I like to see them with a less dense bun.  Sauce was good but not a fan of 'leaf' lettuce on a burger....shredded Iceberg to me is the best way to go.  did not try the frys but was intrigued by the tacos so I tried their  short rib taco, its was nice  different  salsa was good and fresh.....if I went again  it would only be for the tacos, 'if' I went  Im on the other side of the valley doubtful it would be worth a second trip.
4	Bookmark day In the area and wanted to try some place newThe Stand was a joint that we had passed several timesUpon walking in, it is small and I felt like it had almost a "beach" feel... The inside is very nice and clean...All of the workers seemed to be high school/college kids which I thought was pretty cool...The menu is small but hey, it worksI got the cheeseburger, fries, and a cokeI enjoyed the burgerThe fries were pretty okay tooThe coke was goodThe service was goodNext time I will try the tacos, a lot of people got those while we were in... The look yumzo...
4	I really just come here for the chocolate chile shake.That will come as no surprise to my yelp friends, as my affinity for oddly flavored frozen dairy based treats is well documented in the talk threads.This shake comes as any  well made shake should.  With a gigantic straw.  This is the fattest straw I've ever seen.  Even with this colossal drinking implement you will sooner pop a blood vessel than get any of the sweet elixir to travel though it.  Nope, you gotta pop that lid off and spoon it into your mouth until it melts a little.It's that thick.  Just the way god intended a milk shake to be.Then theres the chewy chunks of chile that assault your taste buds with a little kick of spice that accompanies the sweet chocolate goodness so beautifully.  Seriously.  Why is any chocolate shake EVER served without chile.  They belong together, in my mouth.
4	Wowowzza! Yummy! The fries are "Delish." I had heard they had great burgers and fries. They do. However, not digging the price.
4	A fun, tasty alternative to the newer fast-casual burger chains.
4	Yummooo! This place is simple and delicious! The chicken taco, and veggie taco were delicious! I wasn't to fond of the pork. Hubby had the burger which he raved about and the fries were tasty! We also had the banana shake which was yum!  The staff was super friendly, the place is clean and seemed to be well organised!  The pricing is decent as well! Would definitely go back!
4	I tried the Stand after driving by there numerous times. I went to this location when it was Maui Dog, and I must say the new owners have improved the decor. The staff at this restaurant are very friendly and accommodating. The inside of the restaurant looked clean too.I had a burger and fries. I thought the burger was great and priced very reasonably for an upper echelon fast food burger. I am picky about what toppings I like on burgers, so I was quite pleased that my order was correct.I docked one star from this review because I thought the fries were disappointing. For one person, the serving size is too large and the cost is too high (this is the same problem that Five Guys has). The fries were mediocre tasting as well.
5	So, The Stand has ruined me -- or at least my reputation at work! I discovered this place a few weeks ago, and the short rib tacos with their sweet pickled cabbage has had me coming back multiple times... per week. Every time I leave my office at lunch, someone says, tacos? Yes, I admit it. I cannot stay away. The sweet and savory combo is deadly (to your diet). The burgers are good, too, and the shakes are just as thick and amazing as the Yelpers say. Definitely five stars.
1	I've ate at The Stand many times but will never go back after my last experience. Ordered 2 chicken tacos and halfway through my second taco I bite into it and a long black hair is hanging out. Disgusting, spit out that bite and threw the rest away. I can never go back there now.
5	One of THE best places in Phoenix.. GREAT FOOD and GREAT SERVICE!!! Quick story, I noticed a slight mixup with our order when I got home, called them, and not only did they fix the order, they BROUGHT IT TO ME!! I only live a few short blocks away, BUT STILL!!! The manager brought it to me himself! (and thanked me for the business) Talk about going above and beyond for your customers. More places should value their customers the way this place does. I'll be a customer for life. Take notes, THIS is how you run a business. I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	Awesome burgers, great fries and fantastic shakes! Best "fast food" in the neighborhood!
5	OK, after several more trips the Stand has fully won me over. I think it may have been the salted dulce de leche shake. Or perhaps the french fries, or the chips and guacamole, or the fact that it is open till 11 PM -  and there isn't really a better place to get an inexpensive drive-thru meal of this quality.
5	Being a So. Cal native I like "street style tacos". I was a bit iffy on this place at first since it's tucked away. But opted to try it out as i was on a kick of trying new places around my office. I was completely surprised by this place. The short rib tacos are incredibly good as well as the chicken tacos. It's a very relaxed place to eat, nothing fancy on the inside and the patio seating offers a nice breeze. But the tacos are incredibly delicious. I wanted to try their street style corn but it was not in season. They put pickled cabbage on their tacos which was different, not a fan of pickled anything but my coworker thought it was great. Comes with cotija cheese and add the hot sauce with some lime... And it's a great tasting taco and inexpensive lunch. Great place, have eaten there a few times and it had become one of my regular spots.
4	Nice local burger joint. Simple menu and pretty plain decor but that's fine with me. The focus is obviously on the food as it should be with a small place like this. In a city with a chain on every corner The Stand sets itself apart with its French Fries. These are French Fries not soggy, greasy fresh cut fries like 5 guys. Most likely soaked in water for hours to remove the starch and double cooked to make them crispy. Dare I say they are using Kennebec Potatoes? My mother had the burger and I ordered the tacos. The burger looked like a In N Out/ Shake Shack hybrid and she said it was fantastic.The tacos were ok, next time I'll order a burger and likely add the last star.It's priced right and the service was EXCELLENT, great friendly staff!
5	This is my favorite local burger and shake joint. The burgers are always fresh and juicy. The short rib tacos are dreamy. The salted dulce de leche shake will change your life - don't miss it! Love the owners and staff, too!
4	De-licious!Their straight forward menu and very friendly service has me smiling and looking forward to my next visit. Kudos for their bright and large signage since it made it a lot easier to find. While looking at their menu, the workers there offered water and made sure I understood what I was ordering. I really liked their fries and the Standard also packed great flavors. Remember when Carl's Jr. tried to advertise "gourmet burgers at a fast-food price?"The Stand has this idea executed perfectly. It is a bit pricey for everyday lunch, especially with a shake, but it'll be hard for me to drive this place by without making a stop.
5	First time in we were just looking for some grub, but were truly impressed. Burgers are absolutely amazing and the braised beef tacos are simply marvelous. This place will surely become one of our regular spots!
5	I've been coming to The Stand pretty regularly since they opened last year. It's simple food, prepared expertly, with great attention to detail. The owners are almost always present, and when they're not, everything is still smooth. The staff is friendly and helpful and on the ball. It must be a great place to work too, because there is surprisingly low turnover for a restaurant, and staff members always seem to be moving fast and enjoying themselves. The thing I like most about The Stand is, even though they got busy and popular right away, they have not become complacent. I'm there often enough to notice that they continue to fine tune their food and operations, tweaking cook times and chop-thicknesses and packaging materials ... settling for nothing less than perfection. In fact, I'm going to get myself a burger right now. And a shortrib taco. Jealous?
4	Great burger, the shakes were good but my expectations were high due to other reviews......didn't meet expectations but good.  Burgers were great, the fries were good. Nice 2nd burger option in the area. I would choose 5 guys before the stand but the stand before smash.....to give perspective.
4	Went here for the tacos and was underwhelmed. Good, but nothing special. What was special though was the shake! I had read some of the other reviews and was intrigued by the salted caramel shake. I ordered one and wow! Thick and smooth, not a common combo anymore. The caramel was great and the salted bits really added to the whole thing. I did have some guac and that was pretty good, again nothing super special but better than average. I didn't have the burgers so I can't speak to them. Overall, have a shake, they really are that good but there are better places for tacos
4	First time here and I was really impressed with the quality of food.  My husband and I both ordered the Standard with cheese. My husband added the butter carmelized onions and I had everything on it. The meat was really tasty and the sauce that they add to it gives it extra flavor.  We also ordered the fries and they weren't soggy at all. Cooked perfect.  We got a chocolate shake and this was seriously one of the best shakes I have ever had. It was so delicious!  My husband and I shared one but next time I will be getting my own.  I would make the drive just for the shake.
5	Be prepared to wait a lil bit.  We arrived around 1 pm on a Sunday and there was a line out the door, probably like 6 people ish ahead of us, waited about 5 minutes to order, and another 10 to get food, but they bring out your drinks to you while you wait so it doesn't feel like a long time at all.  Very friendly cashier to order with, explained options, then you choose a seat, and they find you and give you your drinks and food later.The cheese burgers are excellent, get grilled onions if you get a chance.  They also have great horchata, nice and creamy and just the right amount of sweet.  You even get free refills apparently if you stay long enough.
5	After finding the Hippie Burger Joint closed at 3pm - we made our way to The Stand. We were immediately welcomed and given a brief run-down of how the restaurant prepares its food and where they get it from. When the food came about five minutes after the order, we were treated to some of the best hamburgers we've had in a long time. The house-made chocolate milkshake topped it off and it was bar none the best milkshake I have had.
4	My fiance' turned me on to this place when he brought home their "Standard With Cheese" burgers and hand cut french fries with "Stand Sauce" for dipping. The flavors are wonderful and have an original trademarked taste, unlike the other "same ol' same" burger joints I have tried. Their serving sizes are some what large and for one person, very filling. Since my first try, we have visited the drive through on various evenings. The staff here are fun and full of energy. Each time my fiance' orders his usual "Sprite with no ice", their response is "Ok, a Sprite with extra, extra ice? Got it!" I have a huge appreciation for this enthusiastic customer service, as I worked in the restaraunt feild for years, myself. My reasoning for the 4 star review is because I've yet to explore their menu, and they've got plenty competition. Entirely my fault, for this is a fantastic, enthusiastic, fun local burger joint!
5	There is nothing better than small shops that do it right. This small burger shop has a small menu but the ingredients and quality of service is worthy of the rating. The have some great shakes and gluten free buns too. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. They have drive thru too for those looking to get in and out.
5	My husband and I love this place! It is a regular for us. The food is amazing, specifically the street tacos! All of them are great. The service has always been pleasant which is saying something considering how many times we've been and its a drive through/eat out. One specific occasion during Christmas we stopped by late night for a taco for my husband, when we arrived they were closing up but they stayed late just to get the taco for my husband in addition they threw in two shakes for free "just because its the holidays". It was a very kind gesture and goodness was the shake good. The salted caramel is the best! Just shows what a great business it is though!
5	Milkshake was awesome!  Try the dulce de leche. It was the perfect combo of sweet and a little bit of caramel saltiness.  Burger was flavorful too. Adding the caramelized onions and cheese was the way to go.
5	Incredible burgers.  My wife's bacon burger was Awesome.  So juicy and tasty.  I added grilled onions to my cheeseburger and it was the best burger I've had in a long time.  Maybe ever. I will be back. Don't live nearby but well worth the trip.
5	Seriously so delicious! I had the short rib tacos and they were phenomenal. On top of my delicious food, the customer service was top notch. The wait time is only slightly longer than your typical drive-thru, but considering the quality of the food and the over all experience, I would have waited as long as they needed me to! The only negative is that I have lived in AZ for almost 3 years and this was my first time going! I will most definitely be back.
4	Having driven through this area several times before we've passed by this place and every time we did we'd say - we really need to try that place! So, with no plans for food last night and both of us having the night off, we looked up our bookmarks and hit this place up!It's a smaller location with a tight parking lot that also has a drive-thru as a part of it.  When walking across the parking lot, be sure to pay attention to incoming cars since it can be a bit of a blind turn for them and you will be walking directly in the parking lot pull-in and drive-thru pull-in path. Once you are safely inside the menu is short and to the point. You can get the classic burger with or without cheese and a variety of toppings. There are a couple of types of tacos and two or three options for side orders like fries or chips.  Finally, for drinks they have bottled sodas, bottled water or milkshakes!  We both had the classic with cheese since that seemed like the staple item on the menu and when we try a place the first go round we like to try what it is known for.  We each also ordered a side of fries.  I had a shake and she opted for a bottle of water.  The burger was really tasty and I had swapped the regular onions for grilled onions, and I preferred that way over her regular ones. The fries were definitely delicious, but a touch over salted for my taste - we could easily have split an order instead of getting one order each.  The stand sauce was a great addition to pretty much everything edible on the tray!  We'll be back and we'll be trying out those taco options!
4	I'm always skeptical of hole in the wall places to eat, but after the first bite I was hooked! Best banana shakes in town, and the burgers are awesome!
5	Stopped in for the first time with the family in tow.  As we walked in we were promptly greeted.  I placed our order which consisted of 5 cheese burgers, 2 French fries with special sauce, 3 Mexican Cokes, & 4 chocolate shakes.  Our bill was approximately $61.  Our order was delivered to our table and everyone was impressed. The food was excellent!  As we walked out my daughters asked when we could return.  Can't wait to return & try the short rib tacos.
5	Vegetable tacos are so delicious! I've only had them vegan, but you can get them with cheese. We get them with the hot sauce...goes well with the pickled cabbage in the taco. YUM! (Meat-eaters in our family say the hamburgers are very good....but I have no direct experience!) Fries are crispy and I like the salt AND pepper on them.Now for dessert...the shakes are so good that I have stopped getting them. The salted caramel was so amazing that I was craving it and finding reasons to stop there more than once a week and get one. And my behind does not need any extra shakes!! Try one if you've got some extra calories left.
4	I pass by The Stand a couple times a week, but the missus isn't a big fan of burgers so I normally have to suffer a burgerless meal when we're out and about. I know, it's pretty terrible. Today I'm off work and flying solo, I finally take my chance and wander in. I'm so very glad I did.I was immediately greeted by the friendly girl behind the counter, and she took my order deftly. I was pleasantly surprised to find my food ready mere minutes after ordering, and my special-ordered burger (no sauce, tomatoes, pickles; add bacon and onions) was exactly right. The patties were cooked well but still juicy, the lettuce was fresh, and the onions were perfectly grilled. The strawberry lemonade was tasty and just the right amount of tart, but I do feel like they added way to much ice to my cup before pouring. The fries looked a tiny bit underdone, but were still tasty and delicious. I asked for a couple sides of their hot salsa for the fries, it was exactly the right combo. I'll be back, and I'll even try to sway the missus with promises of what I'm hoping are tacos just as tasty as the burger I ate today. Hooray for another awesome small business successfully making my tummy happy!
3	Be prepared to wait a long time in the drive through....I waited more than 20 minutes and two cars in front of me decided to go inside instead of waiting.  You cannot call your order in and pick it up.  If you could, that might eliminate quite a bit of the wait.The burger was adequate and the fries very good but mine were not crispy at all.  The burger could have used a little more salt and a little more sauce and it would have been even better.  It was a fair amount for a fair price and it was hot and fresh.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  I'd go back again.
2	The Standard Burger tasted good but definitely not worth $4.95.  The two beef patties were small and overcooked.The fresh cut french fries was really good.I also had the short rib taco and I was probably the driest short rib I have ever had.  There was no moisture content in the meat at all.  I couldn't even finish it because the texture was so unappealing.Pretty disappointing considering all the praise on yelp.
3	I had the veggie tacos and they were decent although, I expected more. Black beans are in the description but I only spotted a couple in the mix. Personally, I wasn't a fan of the cheese used either. I had 2 tacos and was still hungry. Hubby got the standard and fries and enjoyed it but said he wouldn't drive out of his way to go there again. I would love to try the milkshakes as they sound delicious and would really love it if they came up with a veggie burger-they already have quinoa and black beans, surely they could make them with those as the base ingredients!
5	Love this place!! The banana shake, the standard burger, and the lemonade are my favorites. All the girls that work there are so friendly and always have a smile on their face. The owner is fantastic and tries to connect with her guests. I saw her catching up with a regular when I was there. Plus they just started giving free fries with every burger purchase on Mondays from 11 - 3!!
4	Super friendly service, everyone smiling. Damn good burger, nicely seasoned fries. Banana shake makes me feel like a got a week's worth of potassium in one go.
5	OK, people: GLUTEN FREE HAMBURGER BUNS are available here! In fact, everything on the menu is completely gluten free except for the cheeseburger/hamburger with the regular bun. The staff members were very friendly and they also noted to me that they take great precautions to avoid cross contamination. They even asked if I have an allergy (which I do). The food was fabulous! I got the cheeseburger with the gluten free bun (obviously) and it was really good. I definitely couldn't stop eating it even though I was getting full. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The food was hot and did not take too long to arrive to our table. My mom got a cheeseburger with the regular bun and just pickles and tomato. They got it just right and my mom loved the food as well.The fresh squeezed lemon juice definitely sealed the deal. And they have a drive though! I will be back to try the tacos or maybe have another cheeseburger...we will see.
2	Color me unimpressed. This is an overhyped CenPho eatery that doesn't deliver the goods. Too many people get caught in that "it's local with fresh ingredients" dialogue.  I only care if it tastes good. Our office decided to order from here so I ordered a chicken taco and two short rib tacos for $9.30. I'm at a loss to describe any good features about the tacos except to say they are small with two tortillas wrapped together around the meat. I might go back  to try the burger someday. Although I had a taste of their shake and that was decent. So that's why I'm putting this place at 2 stars instead of one star.
4	I really think this place should be more like 4 1/2 stars. Your horchata is delicious as  is the watermelon lemonade. I really enjoyed the burger and the beef taco but a few of the other tacos were only ok. The place was very small! Be warned don't take a massive group!
5	Very cool place. It's easy to drive by and miss it as the building doesn't look like much.The menu is very simple.Burgers or tacos. I took the short ribbed taco and it was outstanding. They have Mexican Coke which is a plus.Prices are reasonable.
4	I've never had the burgers, but damn, do they look good. I can say, however, the chicken tacos and chocolate shakes are ultra satisfying. I might even get a craving from time-to-time. Normally, I avoid things like chocolate shakes, but you just can't not get one from The Stand.
5	Dulce de leche milkshakes. Words can not describe the delicious experience you are in for. Just try it.
4	I was mad when I wrote my first review.. Burgers are really good, especially if you add bacon and guacamole. Fries I would compare to In&out, fresh cut. I personally like crispy.. But still a go to place for an awesome burger!
4	Went here with a friend who raved about the place. When you walk in, the staff greets you in unison, VERY friendly crowd. This place does burgers and tacos so I got one of each. Order came out quickly. First thing I tried were my buddy's fries, and I give them an A+, lightly peppered and slightly salted without a ton of grease, cut from potatoes with skin on. My burger and taco came out, and I went burger first. They're thinner double patties, thick butter pickle slices, tomato slice, American cheese, lots of very green lettuce, onion, and some kind of sauce. It blended together nicely, but the bun was very plain (easiest area that would take the burger to the next level). Beef tastes good, but it's not grass fed, could taste fresher...I give it an A-, but must admit it hit the spot. The taco was average,I got chicken. I give it a B-. Overall, really good burger, great fries, average taco. Half liter bottled coke is always nice touch. I hear they have good milkshakes, but I don't have room to try one. Give it a shot.
4	I discovered the stand a few summers ago. It was the newest addition of eats to the my then neighborhood. The Stand is a local owned foodie shop. The Owner is a super nice dude & he's usually working right up front with staff which I think is dope. My favorite things to order are the chicken tacos & fries. The absolute best milkshake on the menu is the caramelized salted dulce de leche!  The menu is a tad bit pricy.. You can end up spending 20 dollars easy. Overall dope spot to go on a summer afternoon.
4	Great tacos and burgers. Shakes are pretty good. Quick stop with great service. Can't go wrong with a standard with bacon, fries and a shake for a good old fashion american meal! Loved the short rib tacos -2 would be very filling for a $6 munch option. Better than your typical fast food options.
5	Place is amazing. It's like they took the best parts of in-n-out (friendly staff and great hamburgers) and added amazing tacos to the menu. The short rib tacos are what we came for and they didn't let down. I had a chicken one as well and it was also delicious.The dulce-de-leche shake may be the best milkshake I've EVER had. We will be going back regularly. Also , the manager and staff that was on when we came on Saturday night was incredible, great service!
3	Skip the burgers and veggie tacos. The pork taco is decent.
3	This place was amazing when it first opened.  We would eat the short rib and chicken tacos 3 times a week.  Unfortunately the quality declined and so did the service.  I called and told the owner about the issues and he didn't seem to care.  I go back every once and awhile to see if it's getting better but I just keep getting different tasting tacos with hard stale tortillas and they don't even give you a lime with the tacos anymore.  I'll give them 3 stars because the burgers are still really good.  Chocolate shake is usually good but sometimes has some freezer burn.
4	I love the milkshakes here. I've tried almost all of them, got one more to try! The burger and fries were good... reminded me of In-n-Out (which is a good thing for me). Another time tried the tacos and it didn't mesh with my palate, I thought they were too sweet. But I will be back for burgers and fries and of course the milkshakes!
5	My husband and I have visited several times and are never disappointed. I always love eating on their patio. The food is super tasty and fresh and the service is on point. They have the efficiency of of fast food joint and the attentiveness of a sit-down restaurant. Someone will usually come out on the patio to check if everything is good, and take away trays and trash. Most recently when we visited the tall guy I always see working there (owner?) stepped outside as we were leaving from the patio to say goodbye and wish us a goodnight with a smile and a wave.  It was such a simple, yet friendly gesture that made us feel like we are always welcome back.  I will make it a point to support this local business when I am craving burgers and shakes because they have quality food and I love their dedication to making their customers feel valued. If you have had a disappointing experience with their food I highly recommend giving them another chance.
5	I think that people that give bad reviews for price are not giving valid reviews.  You see the menu before you order with the price on it.  Using local fresh product isn't cheap like Niman  Ranch Pork products that are All Natural, humanely raised, and don't use hormones or antibiotics.  The burgers and shakes here are amazing and if you want a cheap over processed burger that you can leave on the kitchen counter for a year without getting moldy then go to any one of the corporate places that are on every street corner.  If you want gourmet burgers and shakes made with real non processed product then go to the Stand.   Appreciate what you eat and how it is made.   Yes you will pay for it but you won't have to worry about how it will effect your health or your families health in the future.  I flagged that dude.  Tool.
5	Love this place.  Consistently good food, nice people.  Reasonable price.  Delicious tacos.
3	The food is great. I really love their veggie tacos and their cheeseburger is amazing, but I may never come back after tonight. I've been wanting to try their Mexican street corn that lives on the menu board, yet they never have it. I came here in mid April and they said they would have the corn in May. I came back the first week of May and they said corn wasn't up to their standards. I can understand that, but then I came back two weeks later and still no corn. They guaranteed they would have it the following week. Well, two weeks later, tonight, still no corn. I don't even care about the corn anymore, but when I jokingly said they should probably take it off the menu some guy that looked like a manager got so defensive and rude. I would have walked out if I hadn't already ordered. The girls working are always wonderful and nice, but I will not come back because of this guy. He was unacceptable.
4	This place is solid. Tacos are a bit above average but their burgers are awesome.
3	Decided to check out The Stand to satisfy a burger craving.I appreciate how small and simple the menu is - do a few things, and do them well!I ordered a burger, Mexican Street Corn (I guess they figure we don't know what "elote" is), and a short rib taco. Apparently, the elote is on backorder. The gal who appeared to be in charge told me the vendor didn't have any, but they should be getting some in Monday. I can only hope she just meant fresh corn and they really prepare the elote fresh there. It's simple enough - no reason to order it in pre-made and just heat it. I decided to order fries instead.The place is super clean, and all of the staff is friendly and seem happy to be there. When receiving my order, I noticed the burger was falling out the bottom of the bag. Not only were they quick to apologize and give me a new (double) bag - they added in a second order of fries since it seems I lost some to the first bag. While I appreciate the customer service there, and felt they were really on point - the last thing I need is a second order of fries. Had I been paying more attention, I would have thanked them but refused.The short rib taco is well executed, but about $1.00 too high. I am spoiled by plenty of close and solid taco options - for $3.00, a tiny street taco better be a revelation. It was good - but certainly not amazing. Beef, cilantro, pickled onion and cotija. Tasty, but not a great value.The fries are quite good - but not fantastic.And the burger was meh. Nothing wrong with it. The patties were seasoned, bun and veggies fresh - but nothing stellar or phenomenal about it.I'd put the quality up there with 5 Guys and Habit - and of the three, will support the small, local one.So yes, I am sure I will be back - there was nothing wrong with it and the staff are a treat to deal with. I just wasn't "wowed."
2	So disappointing- after reading some positive reviews I was anxious to give them a try. From ice cold, mushy Mexican corn- to cold, strangely seasoned chicken tacos.One redeeming item was my husbands cheeseburger. It was hot and the burger itself was juicy. We ate the burger and threw away the rest.
5	Ridiculous burgers. Love'em! Enjoy. Seriously good burgers and fries. Don't miss out.
4	Well, I can finally say that I have tried the burgers. Pretty legit. I can see how they could be compared to In-n-Out, but they do not taste the same to me. Similar textures going on, but very different patties. Am I really dissecting the finer points of a hamburger right now? I need to just stop, drop, and eat a salad before things get out of control.
2	small menu.  too pricey.  I've had bigger and better burgers for that price.  the little girl who took my order wanted to know if I was going to add gratuity to my $27 bill.  for what?  you just took my order.  you didn't wait on me hand and foot.  I ordered to go.  the taco was so small I needed a magnifying glass to find it in the bottom of the bag.  the dulce de leche shake:  I told my son I could open up a can of that stuff at home for cheaper.
3	I'm taking a stand in rounding up to 3 stars.  I got there just after 9pm and was relegated to the drive-thru, so I can understand that I didn't get the optimal dining experience.  Even after a short car ride home, the burger was still great.  The onions and tomato were too thick and assertive for my taste, but the sandwich was meaty and delicious.  The "special sauce" provided flavor, without overwhelming.  This place is a good comparison for In & Out, where the burgers are also fantastic and the fries are subpar.  These fries had a nice subtle garlic pepper seasoning, but they were soggy and flaccid.  (Maybe that's only because of the time driving home.)The shake, however, was the biggest disappointment.  It was a below-average chocolate shake.  It had a malty flavor to it, and the straw looked like some giant breathing tube for asthmatics.  It collapsed on every sip.Add the fries and the shake to the high price tag, and you get a 2-star review... but the burger was good, and I'm holding out hope for a better experience next time.
5	Gonna keep it simple and tasty just like their menu. It's simple fresh and the place is clean and cute. Their street tacos are good but their hamburgers are best and tasty.  For what they offer and how it taste they deserve the 5 stars. Good job guys.
5	First time at The Stand and the burger my wife and I shared was delicious.   The fries are hot, crispy and tasty.  We shared the chicken and short rib taco as welk and both were great.  All the food tasted fresh and well seasoned.  The could do with a little more indoor seating during the summer but other than that I will be eating here often.
5	Yummy food and great service. We will be back for sure!
5	The Stand Burger is one of my top 5 burgers of all time.  The caramelized onions are too die for.  I love caramelized onions and I had no idea they could taste this good.  The beef and onions are so good that I order my burger with just lettuce, cheese, & onions so as to let those flavors dominate.  Their shakes alone would bring me back.  Dulce de leche and banana are my 2 favorites.  The fries tend to be a on the short side and a bit soggy but I'm not big on fries so I can easily overlook that.
5	Visited The Stand for the first time with a friend today. If you're looking for someplace that makes you feel welcome and serves great old fashion style burgers and fries... this is the place!! Go try it next time you're in the neighborhood. You won't regret it, I promise.
5	Good food and a cool place. I got a cheeseburger with grilled jalapenos and fries. They have a drive-through and the staff was very friendly. My only complaint was that it was a little greasy but still very good. Price wasn't too bad similar to five guys.
5	Well, I found The Stand on the web after searching for a place in the PHX area that might have brisket tacos.  The short rib tacos sounded equally as good and I decided to make the trek from N Scottsdale to The Stand.  Being a late Saturday morning, I expected the weekend lunch crowd.  My eyes might've been a little bigger than my stomach, however I ordered two short rib tacos and one chicken taco and a side of fries.  To say the least, it was worth my trip to The Stand for the tacos as well as the fries that remind me more of Five Guys fries, however with much more flavor.  The manager, Miranda, came out to see how my meal was.  She stayed to talk for a second, noticing that I was a "newbie" to The Stand and she was very genuine in her conversation with me (not fake and "checking off the box with the customer" like a lot of other places).In my opinion, The Stand is worth the trip from any part of town and I'll definitely be back!
3	The food is good.  Nice sized portions on everything. Salsa is very good. -1 star for the small dining room.  This is Phoenix, people need AC to eat in during July. -1 star for the employee and the register screen asking for a tip.  I walk to your counter.  I order from you.  This is not full service.  What's next, the cashier at kmart expecting a tip for ringing out out?
4	It's probably just as good as you've heard. I had a peach lemonade (free refills!) and the vegan tacos which are pickled cabbage, black bean, quinoa, and some other stuff. You could get cotija cheese on them if you feel wild.Everything was fresh, like the faces behind the counter. So young! The place is kind of small, and probably not suitable for a group bigger than four. Only the inside seats are air conditioned so for the summer you might wanna go at a slower time. The prices are reasonable, you could definitely have some fun ordering a la carte here. Next time I'll try the elotes.
5	Double patties with some cheezeWould you like some fries with that? Yes pleazeGuilt free, Gluten FreeTaste like In-N-Out, I'd have to agreeGot me on a weekly craving spree!
5	Loved it! Burgers were awesome! Fries were awesome! Shakes were awesome! Service was awesome! The prices might be a dollar or two more than you would like to pay for burgers and fries but it's worth it! Everything is made fresh to order and it's good! You will want more immediately.
5	I treat myself to the stand about once a week and always have the intention of only ordering 2 short rib tacos . Well, I end up with a cheeseburger, fries one of each taco and a milkshake. Hands down the best burger in the valley paired with great service.
4	This place is the bomb.com lol.Good to add extras like bacon. Fries are decent. Only thing is it's small! Shakes are thick! Taste amazing!will come back!
5	We have just died and found our new favorite, heavenly hamburger joint.  Their standard burger is picture perfect and even more perfectly delicious. Stand sauce is the bomb. Their French fries are magnificent... And they make them in house of course :) if you're lucky and the heavens are Smiling down on you... you'll find a potato end that is fried up like a golden nugget in the mix. You can't help but smile while you eat!  The staff is so incredibly cheerful and pleasant... Making sure everything is clean and orderly around the small restaurant.  Even when it was busy, the staff seamlessly acknowledged every guest walking in and out, without skipping a beat for the existing patrons.  The patio is adorable and intimate. Bike racks in front for the neighborhood peeps like us, but a decent size parking lot out back for the rest. No fear if your in a hurry... They have drive thru !  Such a wonderful find in the neighborhood ! GO! RUN! EAT AT THE STAND !!!!  #yourewelcome
4	I've been here a number of times for both burgers and tacos.  Both offerings are delicious and the old school burger stand feel is on-point.   Recently we discovered Mondays for burgers and complimentary fries, which is an awesome bonus considering the prices aren't exactly the cheapest in town.  The burgers are bomb but the tacos are the unsung hero of this menu (both in value and tastiness).  Try them - you'll be happy you did.
5	Two of my favorite things in one spot, tacos and burgers, it's a dream come true! The burgers are so juicy and the melted cheese makes for a savory taste bud explosion with every bite. Their fries are crispy, golden, and salty just the way I like em, don't forget to order the fry dipping sauce because it's so yummy!! Now I've only had a bite of one of their tacos and I remember enjoying it very much! I just love their burgers so much I haven't been able to deviate from ordering that. On to my absolute favorite part of The Stand experience...their milkshakes. Oh. My. Goodness. The Banana Stand and the Salted Dulce de Leche milkshakes are to die for!!! They are SO creamy and honestly the best milkshakes I've ever had the pleasure of sucking down. Once you start, you won't put it down until it gone. Their staff is very friendly and the owner has been on site every time I have visited. He has made my boyfriend and mines visit feel extra welcome. I can't wait to go back!Last to note, the prices are super reasonable!
5	I've only ever had the specialty shakes, and the spicy chocolate shake is amazing!  Cool, refreshing, with a kick.
3	For a restaurant that has a drive-thru, this place has a good burger.  The fries weren't that great and I actually thought the chocolate milk shake was just average.I would recommend this place for someone that wants a good burger and is wanting something more local and better than a chain burger joint.
3	I was reminded of the original Matt's Big Breakfast when we walked into this place!  It is ridiculously tiny, but what space they do have is maximized.  I had the Standard burger and it was super delish!  I am not the biggest pickle fan, but that was my favorite part of this burger.  The shakes are also fab.  I do think it's a bit over-priced and the menu is limited.  My husband had the short rib tacos and said he enjoyed them.  My friend had the elote and did not feel it was worth the price.  Over $2 and it was not even a full ear of corn!The staff was very kind and patient as I tried to figure out what my kids would eat.  I won't be a regular, but I did enjoy the experience.
5	So good and super fresh! The tacos and milk shakes are great too! Only thing is everything is ordered al la carte and the seating is limited, they get super busy so wait time and prices are high. But the staff is always friendly and nice.
5	Best Service in town hands down!  Everyone there is super nice and the food is wonderful.  I eat here at least once a week.  Great little hidden gem!
4	Decent burger and tasty tacos. Nice pit stop if you are craving rich food that isn't a chain fast food joint.
5	Everything is delicious! Flavorful, quick.  And with friendly service. The tacos and the peach lemonade are my lunch recommendation. The Stand just does it right!
3	Went to this place hoping for fantastico burgers.  The burger was reasonably ok.  Chocolate shake was made with vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup.  I know that is a technically correct method for making a chocolate shake, but I am a purist.  A chocolate shake should be chocolate ice cream and milk.
1	What is the point of having a drive thru if it takes 45 minutes to get through a line of 5 cars. At this point I don't even care if the food is AMAZING... If I wanted to spend this much time waiting for my food, I would have gone to a sit down restaurant. The girl at the window did apologize for the wait... But even after I paid I waited another five minutes to get my food... The worst drive through experience I've ever had.
4	Went to the stand today for lunch with a bunch of our friends -- it was my first experience and all I have to say was "meh."First of all, this place gets 4 stars because their service was EXCELLENT. Even though it was a busy lunch hour all of the staff was pleasant polite and efficient. They came to wipe down our table before we said anything, and were very prompt to clear away our trays, etc.My husband and I got two short rib tacos, the chips and guacamole, and a large Horchata.  The only redeeming thing about the Horchata was that you got free refills -- otherwise it had way too much cinnamon and didn't taste like authentic horchata. The tacos were ok -- they are reasonably priced but all I tasted was the spiciness with no depth of flavor from the meat. The guac was standard, nothing to write home about. Might try this place again when I'm in the mood for a burger but for now, it's not something I'll be craving in the near future.
1	I want there because it got good reviews but unfortunately they completely forgot me order and instead of trying to make it right to keep me coming back he just basically said "oops" then gave me my money back. Ow well (:*/
4	How have I not reviewed this place? This one slipped through the cracks! Had the classic cheeseburger (a.k.a. "The Stand") and fries with a bottled water. The burger was cooked as ordered, and the fries were very tasty.  The staff was extremely friendly here and the place lives up to it's name with an old school ambiance and vibe.After much deliberation and debate, I regretted not ordering a shake with my meal, and opted to get one on the way out.  They were quick to get it going for me and put it in a to-go cup for the road. I actually had to wait a bit to drink it cause it was too thick for the straw! We sat outside to enjoy the patio. It's a closed in area, but nice and clean. Overall: AA classic diner vibe, burgers, fries and shakes and such.
4	Very simple and clean menu. This place specializes in a handful of items and them do them all very well. I had driven past here a million times and always wanted to go in and I regret waiting this long. I tried the cheese burger, chocolate shake, and fries. Each item was great. The shake was much better than most I have tried around town. The burger was fantastic! perfect ingredients and meat all served on a fresh bun (which might have been a Hawaiian bun). My only complaint would be that it took me 15 minutes to get through the drive thru even though there were only 2 cars ahead of mine.I will definitely be back and go inside sometime!
4	Great tacos, good burgers, and amazing fries (when they are not cold and limp).  My family really likes The Stand and we go there often.  My only complaint is that sometimes the fries are done right and sometimes they are not.  When they are done right, I crave them often!  The milk shakes are also really great. My favorite is the banana-which is not a typical flavor but has just the right amount of banana flavor to be refreshing but not over powering.
2	We stopped by The Stand and I ordered two tacos ... the chicken taco & the vegetarian taco along with a side of fries. I wasn't much of a fan of either taco but the fries were pretty good. I understand having a simple, small menu, but it goes without saying that then, the items on the menu have to be amazing. It would've been nice to see a grilled chicken option in the burger category.As far as the service goes, however, they're really nice and efficient at moving through the line and getting orders out. I wish I liked the food more because it really is a great concept!
3	After my friend Zak helped me with a ride from the airport I offered him a meal to pay him back. Which is how we ended up at The Stand. After pondering whether to get a burger or Mexican I decided to get the cheeseburger with grilled onions and fries.The fries were pretty great and are a step or two above your In N Out style fries. The burger on the other hand was a bit of a letdown. It was strange because it looked like a great burger and had all the elements needed to be amazing but in the end..... the taste kinda fell flat. + Toasted Bun+ Lotta Juice- Sauce didn't really add anything - Burger became a heavy tasting slog towards the finish lineWhat was more interesting to me then the food was the interior and the bright blue walls of this place. Cool interior and concept that echoes the Echo Park area in LA but sadly the food execution wasn't there. It's the food that lumps it into the likes of 5 Guys, Smashburger, and The Habit of good - not great burger places.Don't get me wrong eating here wasn't a bad experience; it just wasn't an exceptional one. (But come for the blue walls!)
5	Cute little place! Outside looks a little sketchy but as soon as you go inside that all changes. Amazing service. The servers are so sweet and wonderful. Always complementing people and making them feel comfortable. Now the food. What a burger. It was so good!! The butter grilled onions are delicious and their guacamole is outstanding!
3	I had wanted to come here a few times but it never worked out.  One time it was closed, the other time I was still full from lunch.  I was in the neighborhood today and a burger sounded alright.  I walked in and placed my order for a Standard w/cheese and an order of fries.  My total came out to almost $9.00.  Eek!  One reason it can't be higher than 3 stars.  I paid my money and took a seat.   Side story here..............When I was sitting there waiting for my food, some young dude was either getting interviewed for a job, or he was freshly hired and the manager/owner?  was breaking down the expectations/rules etc.  I pretty much got a front row seat for the way The Stand works.  I got financial info, customer service info, cleaning tips etc etc.  I will be sure to take my knowledge to the next board meeting and present my findings accordingly.  Anyways.....some of the conversation was interesting, some of it was lecturey.  A few minutes went by and my burger and fries came out.  Here is how they were.Standard Burger w/cheese ($5.55) -  This burger is a more pricey In N Out Double Double.  The only difference is the lettuce they use.  They use hand leafed dark lettuce here while In N Out uses a romaine style lighter colored lettuce.  2 patties, cheese, onions, tomatoes, sauce and pickles.  All of this is stuffed between what seemed like an egg type bun.  The burger was pretty good.  The overwhelming taste/ingridient was definitely the pickles.  They were good too.  The beef was fresh, the cheese melted well and overall it was a pretty good burger.  A little pricey though...its like $5.55 plus tax, just for the burger!Fries ($2.29) -  These were hand cut fries.  They season them nicely with both salt and pepper.  They were pretty crispy and tasted good.  I preferred them over an In N Out style fry.  I would get them again.Overall, the meal was good but not great.  The burger was tasty and the fries were crispy and seasoned well.  It is very expensive for what you get though IMO.  I am glad I tried it out, but I'm not purposely coming back and driving down here to eat here again.
3	My favorite here is standard  bacon grilled jalepenos! Tasty and fresh burger!
4	5 Stars for the Food.2 Stars for the Service, which can be hit or miss.The Stand makes the best burger in the area--hands down. (The burgers here are better than anything you could get at Zinburger or Delux, which are both in the same neighborhood.) I love that the burgers are made from a combo of short ribs and chuck. They're super flavorful and juicy.The burgers here are so good that they turned my vegetarian boyfriend (who had been eating nothing but rabbit food for a decade) into a carnivore. True story. Thank you, The Stand. Danny's entire meat-eating Greek family thanks you.I've tried the tacos a bunch of times. If you're thinking of getting them, don't. They're nothing special. (One time I ordered veggie tacos and bit into a whole cinnamon stick that somehow accidentally made its way in there. That kind of ruined the Stand taco experience for me.)If you're a newbie, I recommend ordering a Stand Burger with cheese and a custard-y, delicious Banana Stand shake on the side.  You will NOT be disappointed.You might, however, be disappointed with the service. Today I ordered my food and received it within 5 minutes, which was awesome. But in the dozen+ times I've visited The Stand, I have typically waited a looooong time for food. On one occasion I waited 20 minutes in the drive-thru after placing my order. (The woman waiting behind me was so irate that she drove off even though she'd already ordered.) On another particularly painful occasion, I waited about 30 minutes inside the restaurant to get a takeout order consisting of two burgers, two tacos and fries. Oh, and my fries have been cold probably 50% of the time I've eaten here.I realize that I'm griping a lot here. I do so in the hopes that management will read this review and try to iron out the service issues. Overall, The Stand is the bomb diggity. Despite the long wait times I've experienced here, I'll keep coming back for the burgers and shakes. They're the best in Phoenix.
5	I love it, my wife loves it and so do our kids.  The inside is a little small so you may have a wait at lunch or early evening but there is also a small patio in the front that is perfect when it's not summertime.  While the burger is pretty good, the tacos are great.  The staff and owners are also very friendly and the service is fast and good.
5	This place...such a perfect little neighborhood spot! The menu is simple yet everything is amazing! The hand spun shakes are so like something you remember from your childhood and the fries are just yummmmmmm! The burgers are hot fresh and made to order! The atmosphere is adorable and the staff is super friendly!
5	'It's AWESOME!!!' says 6 year old gluten free boy. 'I love The Stand. I love the shakes!! Says 4 year old little lady. Vegetarian mom agrees. Great good and the service was just as fabulous. Will return for sure!
5	The Stand is simply incredible. As others have mentioned, it's much better than it looks from the outside.As for food, their burgers are top notch quality--they're nearly every bit as good as you could get from a restaurant like Red Robin or Delux for half the price. In fact, the hamburger patty itself is more moist and delicious than those from most pricier places. I've never tried their shakes, but I've heard nothing but good reviews from others. Their peach lemonade (seasonal) was incredible and perfectly balanced, and their short rib tacos were superb (they were better than the short rib tacos from Chelsea's Kitchen). The only thing I'm not a fan of is their fries. They're very similar to In-N-Out's fries in cut, and they're probably just below In-N-Out's fry quality (which I don't care for to begin with).The only other significant negative I can think of is their bathrooms. They're just outside the restaurant, and they aren't air conditioned.Overall, I can't imagine giving The Stand less than five stars. The pros so dominantly outweigh the cons that the cons seem almost insignificant. If you're debating whether you should go there--go. If you're not considering going there--start considering...then go.
1	Horribly slow. Crowded dining room. The food can be gotten at In and Out burger for half the price for the same food. All in all, not worth the trip and the time wastes on a lunch hour.
4	The salted caramel shake is seriously the best.  As a fellow yelper previously wrote, that it was the best thing she ever had the pleasure of sucking down - I would have to say I wholeheartedly agree.  And it comes with a big straw to allow for extra quick suckage.  I got the short rib tacos which were okay, it's not something I can see myself craving in the near future, but I ate the fries my coworker ordered and I absolutely love the seasoning on 'em.  I definitely will come back to try the burgers.
4	My second time trying this place and both times have been delicious. The first time I ordered the short rib taco, chicken taco, and street corn. The meat on both tacos were a little dry but a good size. I love street corn and was happy with all the toppings they included: butter, cotija cheese, green onions, mayo, and a chile powder. The second time I ordered the burger, fries, and chips and guac. I absolutely love their burger! I got it with cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted jalepenos ($.75 extra charge) and it was one of the best burgers I've ever gotten at a drive-thru! If you get the burger, you MUST get the fries because they are freshly cut and seasoned to perfection. Be prepared to be full afterward, also. The guac is different; there is corn mixed in, which gives it sweet and tangy flavors all in one. I liked it! Definitely love this place but would get the burger over the tacos.
4	Now I love my burgers and LOVE having an option to decide how I would like it cooked. If im not given an option I am already bummed out by that time when they go straight to the amount you owe or what toppings you would like instead.  Its not that I wont eat a burger like the ones here because obviously they are good.  But getting burgers that are smashed and thin and such is just depressing to me. Its like going to an upscale mcdonalds. I am all about deals and here for the price you pay I would rather go down the street to grab a full size burger medium rare with a over easy egg on top. Now thats my cup of tea per se.  My boyfriend loves this place and i enjoy it as well. Its just not on the top of my list at first to go to... its more of like oh...okay. sure...whatever. Its good but not my favorite at all.
5	Yum + drive thru! My favorite cheeseburger in Phoenix. Really cute place. Ice tea is good too.
5	Great local place. I love the shakes (too much)! A great alternative for in n out  if you want to support local biz or want to stay in the Arcadia central area. The drive thru is always fast and the staff is always friendly.My only gripe is the ac is always FREEZING which deters me from ever wanting to eat inside.
4	Monday's are free fries day!!! Very great place, friendly staff and you get your money's worth. However I wasn't a fan of the drinks.. Soft drinks are 3/4 of ice. I had to get multiple refills. Refills we're free.. And I had the rib taco nice but 2bucks worth of food, if you know what I mean. I wish I took a picture with something to compare the tacos with. My mother got the burger it was nice size for what I paid, I just so happened to come on a Monday, staff informed me it's free fries day (free with only if you purchase a hamburger). Thanks for reading.
5	Being in the area, I decided to give this place a try, Man I am not disappointed! Good food, excellent service, I cannot rave enough over this gem. I had the rib tip tacos, and some chips and guac. - not only was everything delicious, but served with a smile and very quickly. Good portion size, excellent taste and outstanding customer service make The Stand a Stand Out whenever I am in this part of town.
3	This place has so much potential. Cute shabby shack feel outside but clean and neat inside. Small menu but everything looks good.Today i opted for a short rib taco and a chicken taco with pico de gallo. Pretty decent size and the meat were covered with two tacos. My only complain is that the short rib taco sauce tasted really salty... Almost too salty.. The flavor is almost good tho. Chicken taco was pretty good as well. Got the hand cut fries, again great flavor but the kitchen put too much seasoning that it was crusting on the side of the plate.I wanna try their burgers again. My experience wasnt the best but it wasn't too bad.
4	The burger was really good but I must say because of it's location and fact it has such limited parking and gets so crowded it makes it really inconvenient. We got there right around 11:30am knowing the lunch rush would come shortly and I'm glad we did. A line formed minutes after we sat down and it got packed, the Dining room is small but they have some outdoor seating in the patio. The burger was delicious juicy and well seasoned with fresh toppings, gooey cheese and their special stand sauce which is basically like a 1000 island type sauce was very very good. I scarf my burger down in minutes! The fries were really good and looked fresh cut and seasoned with both salt and pepper which you don't see often, that was a plus! My husband also ordered a short rib taco, very good the beef was super tender and the toppings and salsa were very fresh. The banana stand shake was bomb with fresh bananas and banana pudding mixed in and the salted caramel shake was delish also. Bummer on those were they didn't come until we were almost done eating, guess a large order for shakes came in at the same time. I slightly compare the burger to in n out although they use fancier lettuce and their sauce is a little different. I did enjoy this place and the staff and service were great I'm Glad I got to try it but the annoyance of it's location, limited parking and fact the cars using the drive thru basically blocks your ability to exit most likely will prevent me from returning, besides I don't live close and there is also no bathroom! I had to scarf down my food so I could hurry to find a bathroom elsewhere but not the end of the world. Definitely worth trying but be patient and know it's a small place and gets packed, I suppose that does show you they have quite a fan base.
4	Salted dulce de leche shake is delicious.  Burgers are stacked well: fixings on the bottom, not too much of any one thing, a good balance - exactly what you want when you want a burger.  Fries are meh.  Very friendly inside and the staff seem quite happy to be working there, always a good sign.
4	When the craving hits for a hearty burger, terrific fries, and a rich and thick milk shake, this is where I go. The place has the comfortable look and feel of an old-fashioned mom 'n pop burger stand, with friendly service to complement the tasty fare. A big plus for me: gluten-free buns are available!
4	Delicious burger stand in central Phoenix!  We stopped in Friday night for takeout and thoroughly enjoyed the cheeseburger.  It was so delicious and left me wanting another one the next day.  The fries were subpar, but that is ok since the burger is so good.  Cute burger stand with super friendly staff!
5	This place has awesome burgers and fries, throw some stand sauce on top and it's even better! The service is great too - I was helped by a very nice girl at the window who went above and beyond for customer service. I haven't tried anything else, but if their tacos are as good as their burgers, I know I'll like them.
4	As others have stated, its like in and out but more expensive. I also think the meat is better just because of the cuts they ground up together. But I got a mexican coke and a standard with cheese for like 8 bucks? Lil expensive, especially without fries. not saying it isnt worth it, delicious it was. I just wouldnt make a habit out of it...
5	First time there and its excellent,.service with a smile, how refreshing! And the tacos and burgers are great, a place well worh the money!
5	I ordered fries, gf burger w/o cheese, and a dulce de leche shake. The fries were tasty! I am a fan of fries with seasoning. I may have to go on a heist to steal it from the restaurant or maybe just bribe the guy at the drive-through for the secret?? The burger was more than enough to eat as a meal by itself with two patties and lots of fresh toppings. The meat was well seasoned and juicy, so wear a bib if you eat it in the car. I had burger juice all over my shirt even though it's wrapped in paper. I had to hide my shirt from my dog when I picked her up from daycare. That was the best milkshake I've ever had! The catch: I don't like milkshakes, not even the ones I've made in my home, and I don't order them from restaurants. In fact, I'm lactose intolerant. However, I saw so many pics of this on yelp that I had to try it because..... Now I'm no glutton, but ever since I had that meal (which was incredibly filling by the way), I've been dreaming about going back to get another milkshake and more fries. I almost went back the next day but was afraid the guy at the drive-thru might recognize me. Yikes!!!
5	Love The Stand!  Their short rib tacos are literally the best in town.  I love the sweetness from the red cabbage thing they've got going on in there and it's just super delicious.  The shakes are totally amazing and my husband and daughter love their burgers and fries!  We go at least twice a month! super yum!
3	This is a fun place to go and they have some fun items on the menu such as season corn and flavored drinks- however, when the season is off, they are a run of the mill burger place. Very greasy.
5	I ordered the classic burger with only one patty (it comes with two) with the works and cheese of course! I can describe the burger in one word, perfect! The horchata is delicious as well.
3	Good food, recommend it. Food gets 4 stars, but not drive thru. It's terrible. Regret it every time. 2 cars ahead of me, waiting 20 minutes. NOT EXAGGERATING. 20 minutes. But, food is good.
5	One of the best burger places I've been to! Super quick, simple menu! Lots of flavor! Be careful cause it can get messy! Overall a great place to grab a quick bite!
3	One of the few places in the area to offer a vegetarian dish. While the vegetable tacos left some to be desired, their unique take on an urban street taco was filling. The hand-spun shakes are decent, and the service, sans one employee, was top notch. In fact, my cashier was one of he friendliest emotes I have ever encountered in a fast food joint. The ambiance is inviting; the small space had a very urban, beachy vibe. While I am unsure as to if I will purchase the tacos a second time, the shakes will have me coming back.
5	Gluten free! I love this place. I can't eat everything her including the fries and the gluten free bun didn't fall apart! The staff was friendly and happy. The shakes were to die for. This is our new go to spot for sure! It has a drive through as well, which is pretty convenient. I'm telling everyone I know about this place. So good!!!
5	I am a vegetarian, therefore I get the veggie tacos.. But I really wish they had a veggie burger!! The chocolate chile shake is my go to "I'm feeling lots of feelings" shake and it's perfect!
3	We had the standard with cheese, chicken and short rib tacos (with pico). Really a 3 1/2 rating 3 for the food and 4 for the crew. Worth the price and I agree with another reviewer that this is a good alternative to in n out.
5	The Stand did not disappoint, thank you again, fellow Yelpers! However, I was a bit disappointed (with myself) that I didn't order their famous Banana Hand-spun Shake to go with my Royale. Are you kidding me? I had room and wanted more! Well, I'll be back for THAT combo, as this will be a regular burger joint for this ex-in-n-out lover...adios to the drab and welcome, my new romance! Hey really, this is a simple double burger with just the right bacon, grilled jalopeneos and carmalized onions and the typical tomato and lettuce accoutrements. Had to try the hand-cut fries, of course, which made a great pairing; crunchy and flavorful, just how I like 'em. Was it typical? I'll find out soon enough.Service was spot on, as I "dined in" outside, and the meal was brought to my table with a smile, and afterwards an offer for a free refill on the soda. Simple, Satisfying and Smooth!
5	AMAZING! Great fries and tacos! So glad we found this on Yelp. I pass by this place often and never thought of stopping in. Will definitely come back!
3	It was alright. The chocolate shake was pretty good. The burger was average tasting, but you can tell that the ingredients are very fresh. The staff were nice and everything. It just didn't live up to the hype.
5	Just wanted to update the review by saying that I have been in with multiple people frequently.   The quality and consistency of service and product has been on point every time. Keep It up!
5	One of my favorite local burger shops! The burgers are great! The stand sauce makes them exceptional! It's also a great dipping sauce for the fries. Not really a fan of their tacos but the burgers make up for it! The shakes are really delicious and flavorful as well. The service has always been great! The people working there are really friendly and my food has always come out speedy! I've gotten quite a few friends to become stand "regulars" since I've brought them here!
5	Delicious fries, burgers and chicken tacos! Price was nice too. Love the outdoor patio. We will return :)
5	do yourself a favor get a sack of the short rib tacos and a burger for dessert!! you can thank me later
5	Chocolate milkshakes are delicious.  They have a huge straw, makes it very easy to eat.
5	One of my favorite new joints.  Gluten free, tasty, fantastic service, and fast.  Simple menu, but covers all the necessities.
5	Chocolate milkshakes are delicious.  They have a huge straw, makes it very easy to eat. Burgers were also delicious and the frys, everything is good
5	The food was very unique and original. Everything tasted great! You can't beat the value offered. I would highly recommend this spot!
5	They only have a few options on the menu (which shows to me that they're confident in what they offer). The burgers are very high quality. I think they even put rib meat in them. The customer service is great, they walk over and give you your food at your table and pick up your tray when you're done. The fries were fresh tasting and weren't too greasy. Overall, I highly recommend this place.
4	I had the glazed rib beef taco with pico de gallo and hot sauce also had a standard burger and fries with a sweet tea "with Splenda and sugar". First let me say this. The girl in the drive thru gave good customer service. So for that this restaurant passes in my book. The Burger was good, and acceptable. The fries were the best thing I got here. I would compare them to McDonald fries. But natural. Better than a lot of burger shops. Then comes the taco..eww it was sweet. I couldn't for the life of me figure out where the sweet juice was coming from. It was nasty. It was a bad attempt at Mexican food. Or whatever Kind of twist they were trying to create. Then the tea incident. I was given no sweetners for my tea. This was a negative. The food was notably clean. I would return.
3	Overrated, and now that they do not accept phone orders for under $50 I will never go back.
5	Decided to try this place out last night after continuing to hear about it. One word describes it for me "Excellent". The food was absolutely fantastic. We ordered the burger, fries, short rib taco, and the chicken taco and one of those delicious shakes. Can't complain about any of those items. The tacos really put it over the top for me. The atmosphere is friendly and inviting and everybody is super nice. The decor is a mix between modern and old school burger joint. Absolutely great place! This will definitely be a spot we visit frequently.
3	Came in here expecting great things considering I was craving both a hamburger and a taco and couldn't make up my mind. I thought a cheeseburger and short rib taco sounded great, especially considering it came with my two fav ingredients: onion and cilantro. Well I was really hungry, drove into a very busy drive thru and decided to dine in. Only one problem: one girl was working the register for drive thru, naturally, and there was a guy both working as a runner and a cashier which meant I did not get service until 10-16 minutes later . I ordered what I wanted and thought it as nice that they offered free fries on Mondays. So I get my order, decide to find a seat outside and find that my leggings nearly ripped a hole when it got caught on a sharp end on one of the cheap aluminum chairs. Had there actually been a rip I would have been so angry. But only, just a pilled part that I need to scissor off. Also, my taco did not come with any cilantro like it said it would as well, although he food was good.Anyway, I wasn't all that impressed with my first experience. Not sure if it's worth coming back...
4	Great burgers, good fries and amazing guacamole, probably the best I've ever had from a restaurant. The wait is kinda long but worth it because you know it's bring made to order. The only reason i didn't give 5 stars it's because they forgot my bacon... Oh well though, it was still amazing.
4	This place is pretty bomb. I ordered a standard burger with bacon. DELICIOUS! The banana stand shake was phenomenally pleasing to the taste buds. You must try it! My only suggestion: the French fries were flavorless and soggy. I also wish they had ranch. Lol
4	Everything here was good.  The burgers and shakes were great.
5	Caveat - I am a wimp.  I don't like spicy so I don't eat their tacos.  But their burger is my favorite burger in town.  And the banana shake is ridiculous.  So delicious.  Great fries, nice staff, and a drive through for when I don't want to put on shoes :-)
5	This place has to be in consideration for best (reasonably priced) burger in the valley.  There's one burger on the menu, but man is it delicious.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned meat, fresh toppings and a great bun.I also explored the chicken taco.  Reasonably priced, packed to the top with flavorful, perfectly slow cooked chicken, this taco is a must order.The place was so good, I tried it one day, liked it so much, I went back the next day!
4	The Salted Dulce De Leche MILKSHAKE will change your life... Absolutely love this little place!
5	This place is great. Tacos are good but burgers are better. Excellent shakes especially banana stand milk shake. Seasonal street corn is also excellent. Indoor/outdoor seating. Drive thru is slow and causes traffic issues in parking lot but food is made to order and staff is always happy to serve. Top notch
5	Once again we brought family in from Los Angeles and they went crazy for the Stand Burgers and Short rib Tacos!   We washed it down with the chocolate chili shakes!
4	Screens screens screen if you need sport & loads of us beer of tap this is your place.
