4	I am always looking for a good Thai place that delivers to my house because I'm fat, picky and lazy.I think I have found a winner!When evaluating Thai places, I use my standard order Pad Thai, Prik King and some curry (mostly red or yellow, panang if I'm feeling frisky, never duck always a disappointment).  Bottom line up front:  its good, not great, obviously cheap but flavorful.How can a Thai place screw up Pad Thai?!  Try Weera and you'll see (FYI weera is the exact opposite of this place, huge portions, terrible flavor)!  This was very good Pad Thai, the flavor was slightly sweet and tangy....perfect.  Chicken was pretty dry and minimal but that is a common thread in all of their dishes.Prik King is like a spicy flavor explosion in your mouth.  Even if you don't like green beans, try it!  The only problem with their Prik King is the lack of fresh lime leaves.  The lime leaves give it a citrusy pop that combats the powerful red curry base.  The dried leaves they use aren't a very good substitute.  However the dish is still delicious and well composed.  However finding meat was like hunting through a red swamp of deliciousness.I went with the red curry this time.  Oh so flavorful and tasty!  Again not generously meaty but the spice level and depth of flavor were spot on!  The bamboo shoots weren't the freshest.And for an appetizer we went with the fried wontons.  Save your money!  There was about a penny sized meat mixture in each dollar bill sized wonton.  The dipping sauce was spot on though.So the moral of the story is, Chao Thai will cut corners on you (minimal meat and/or fillings) but the flavors are spot on!  I'm so lazy that I will tolerate their less than filling fillings for good taste and a delivery boy.
5	So much better than the last place that was here. Incredible, cheap lunch specials, crisp fresh food, and great service! Chao Thai just became my go-to lunch spot off campus. Great Panang curry!
5	Great food and VERY cheap!  Had the lunch size pad thai with chicken and was delish!   Also- very nice people and had good sense of humor which counts for a lot!
5	Very good food! Good presentation! And it has lunch special with a whole meal! Love this place!
5	The food here is really good! My friends & I went around lunch time & we all had lunch specials. It's really great prices for everything they give you! For less than $6 we got a salad & soup plus our meal with a delicious egg roll! So far we got chow mein, pad Thai, & curry & all were very good! The owner is very sweet as well! (:
5	First time going there was already a great experience. I love this place! The food was definitely delicious,  the flavor is right on. Coming from Thailand myself, I would recommend Chao Thai to anybody who wants to enjoy real Thai food and not the americanized kind of Thai food like what most Thai restaurants usually serve. The servers are super friendly, the place itself looks very welcoming & Thai-like. I would definitely go eat there after class & probably bring my friends along because more people need to check them out! ^.^
5	Cheap is not a nice word especially applied to the food though the price is inexpensive. Delicious well presented food , and wonderful staff. Sow a ti ! The Duck rolls are mmmmmmm.
5	AMAZING FOOD, SERVICE AND PRICE! A hidden gem right by UNLV... Lunch special is a must! Would give them 6 stars if I could!
5	This place has a great food that taste just like the food in Thailand. I would recommend to everyone come and eat here. This place has the best food that I had ever been to and I would come and eat here again for sure.
4	My boyfriend and I stop in during the week at UNLV. Their lunch special is very cheap for what you get. I love the miso soup and the honey mustard dressing with the salad. My favorite Thai food (and pretty much the only thing I have ever tried) is Pad Thai, so I always get it. It hits the spot and fills me up. I don't realyl care for the little fried food that comes with the meal; it just doesn't hit the spot. the service was really spot on though.
5	This place is tiny. We're talking about 8-10 tables. But the food is excellent! I went there for the $5.95 special and was extremely pleased. You get a small side salad, a soup of the day, and then your main dish. I had the pad thai and it was a large portion, especially for lunch. The thai tea is great, too. Great food, friendly staff, and fantastic value for money.  I will definitely return!
4	Very nice little place. Friendly staff. We went for lunch, ordered off the lunch special menu. My girlfriend got the broccoli beef, I got the chicken chili. The waiter asked me how spicy from 1-5, I said 3, could probably have gone 4-5 but that's just me, I like it hot. Regardless, the chicken was tender and wonderfully flavored, the peppers were al dente, the egg roll came with what tasted like a mango based dipping sauce, very mild, slightly sweet and not to overpowering. It came with a small bowl of soup - a very nicely flavored hot and sour type broth with big chunks of veggies.Good service, great food. I'll definitely come back.
5	Really good food... Made fresh to order and with fresh ingredients!Super nice brother and sister team!Highly recommend it!
4	The lunch special is very tasty.  I had the pad thai dish, which included a side salad with I think miso dressing and an egg roll.  If you dine in, soup is included as well.  The owner was very nice -- I walked up to the counter and ordered on my lunch hour to go.  Not only did I receive the meal within 10 minutes during the heaviest 12-1pm lunch period, but the server brought me water while I was waiting.  Such a hidden place way in back of the shopping center, but it's a small and great find.
4	I am really picky about Thai places, maybe not as much so as Dan P., but this probably is a 3.5 star joint - bumping it up because the prices are right, service is friendly, and the makeover from its old space really makes a difference.There are a wide range of lunch special choices for $5.99!  The Thai iced tea is really good and cheap too.  The salad dressing is a bit iffy but they have different soups each day of the week for lunch, and the lunch special includes soup, salad, and vegetarian eggroll.I have been to Chao 3 times for lunch - once ordering the chicken chili, once for the spicy basil eggplant, and once for the beef satay.  Overall, everything has been decent.  You get a choice of chicken, beef, pork or tofu unless the meat is already specified.  There are 2 noodle dishes on the lunch menu as well.What I have discovered is that the peanut sauce is really delicious.  Yesterday I ordered the beef satay lunch special - so we started with egg drop soup and basic salad.  Then, I received a beautiful plate (see photo) - it had 4 skewers of marinated beef which tasted great on their own but the peanut sauce elevated them, a mini cucumber-red onion salad, white steamed rice, and an eggroll with sweet dipping sauce.This was plenty of food for the price and my friend eating with me decided she will definitely order beef satay next time.  For an affordable lunch and good service, stop in here.
4	Food was delicious! I ordered the Yellow Curry lunch special which came with white rice, an egg roll, soup and salad. I loved it all, the soup was ok not much flavor but the salad and everything else awesome. I was thrilled that when my bill came it was $8.00 with tax, I did order a diet coke too. Awesome Lunch!
5	Excellent service, delicious Thai cuisine, will definitely be back soon!  Great prices, extensive menu with some items not normally seen such as peanut curry which was delicious. Definitely a perfect lunch stop.
3	Came here for lunch in between classes.I got a lunch special. It comes with:Soup of the DaySaladMain DishI like the portion sizes, variety of food, and taste (especially for the price), but the service was so-so.  At least when I was there, they treat tables of 2 or more with friendlier service than single tables.  When they were not busy, they stand behind the counter staring at the door waiting for more customers.
2	Three of my classmates and I went here for lunch one day after school. From earlier that week, they said they had really good food and the owner changed. I went in and I thought "Hey this place looks better now" and I started to believe my friends. The menu was reasonably priced, especially their lunch special. However, their customer service ruined my experienced. After we sat down and ordered, 10 minutes later this large group of people came in. The waitress had asked us to move to another table (its not like we had a choice) so the larger group coulld sit together and we moved quietly. This was strike number one. I've been to restaurants throughout the valley and I've never been asked to move for a group of people who did not make a reservation and came after us. If this was the case, then the waitress should be seating people instead. Personally, that group should have divided themselves if they couldn't fit within two tables. Anyways, strike number two: my friend ordered a pad thai 3 with beef and I ordered pad thai 2 with chicken. On a scale of 5, I can't handle a level 3. When our orders came out, the waitress couldn't differentiate between chicken  pad thai and beef pad thai and didn't know which dish had spicy level 2 or 3. She just assumed which dish was which and handed it to us. She did nothing to double check she gave us the right dish nor was she friendly or apologetic. Strike three: The pad thai was extremely disappointing. It is probably one of the worst ones i've ever had. I don't understand how you can mess it up. The noodles were slightly soggy, the flavor was barely there, and I could taste the spice more than I could than the traditional flavor that should be in a pad thai. Needless to say, I don't intend on coming back until they change their customer service. I would rather pay the price and drive some where farther for a knowledgable staff and consistently great food. The only reason why I am giving it a two star is because the prices are reasonable and I am hoping for future improvements.
4	Went here with a coworker for their lunch special. I got Lo Mein, it was good, a bit oil but good. They have really redone the inside and many people were coming for takeout. The food was hot and fresh and the lunch specials were priced right! I really liked the tang dressing on the salad. I would come back!
4	This place is GREAT! The employees are super friendly and take care of customers quickly. Our food comes to us quick and never disappoints. Portion sizes are fair and prices are quite reasonable. If you're not sure what to order, try the Beef Pad See Ew and the Chicken Coconut Milk Soup, both "spicy level 2"; those are my go-to dishes . Order with a side of Fresh Spring Rolls and a Thai Tea..you're set to go!Warning: will likely put you in a food coma; SO GOOD.
4	I was really craving Thai food one day and convinced my boyfriend to come here for lunch. The service is friendly and the servers were attentive to our needs and pretty quick with the food service.I ordered the pad-see-ewe. Just know that they will ask you on a scale from 1-5 (5 as very very spicy) for spiciness. I was feeling a bit naive that afternoon and asked for a 2 instead of a 1. When the dish arrived, I actually enjoyed the noodles - however the aftertaste of burnt tongue really isn't that desirable. I was able to scarf it down, but I couldn't enjoy my lunch as much as I wanted since it was just TOO spicy for me.My boyfriend had the Crying Tiger, which is just marinated beef steak with some spices. It was good, but a bit too salty for our taste.The Thai iced tea was refreshing and yummy! As for dessert, we ordered the sticky rice mango. It was my first time tasting this dessert (yes, I know - I am so deprived) and it was decadent and delicious! I couldn't eat as much as I would like since I was already full from my entree and drink - but nonetheless, I enjoyed it.
2	WARNING: if you are a "needy" guest, avoid this place. I watched other guests try to modify food with a lot of resistance. Also, your drinks will run bone dry. Service is non existent. My first impression of this place wasn't great. I stood by the counter in the back without being greeted for about 5 minutes while the cashier argued with a guest who wanted more sauce while a server just stood behind her. I picked up a menu and asked to seat myself. A few moments later, I ordered a lunch special. Shrimp Pad Thai spice level 5 and a coke. That is the last time she spoke to me. I eventually asked someone else for a glass of water, and she dropped the check while I was in the middle of my meal and still had a menu on the table without asking if I wanted anything else (I wanted a Thai tea to go but left without it). The food was decent, I've had better but the price points here were good (especially at lunch) and its right across the street from Unlv are right on point for me. Would I go back? Maybe for to-go.
5	I have been here at least 10 times, and I always come by myself.  This isn't a very fancy place.  It's a place to come when you want a good meal.  I always order the same thing, the Cashew Nut with tofu, level 3 (spicy levels 1-5).  It's extremely delicious.  Their portions are a little smaller than other Thai restaurants in the area, but the food is a little more flavorful than other places.  Overall, it's a really good meal.If you're looking for great service, this isn't your place.  This restaurant appears to be a family operation.  There aren't any professional waiters here.  It's definitely not fancy.  I probably wouldn't recommend this place if you were on a romantic date.  However, this is the perfect place for anyone who wants to walk away with a belly full of good Thai food at a reasonable price.
3	I want to give this restaurant 4-5 stars really badly. The food is delicious, though the portion sizes are slightly smaller than a lot of other Thai places in town. This place used to be N&N Oriental, where I was normally the one person in the restaurant and whenever I left yet begged me to come back. Chao Thai does much better business, but they don't seem prepared for it. I like my food spicy and I order the green curry fried rice. This dish is so spicy I can't even finish half of it because I have to ration out my water. It's hard to get their attention for more and they don't seem to notice that I'm sitting with my mouth open and chewing ice to combat the heat.
2	I ordered a spicy chicken basil and the food's presentation looks pretty bad... (kindda like dog food) and my friend ordered a chicken pad thai and it was sour. I asked for brown rice and they serve me white rice and took another 15 minutes to bring my order back with brown rice. The service was dedinitely not up to par. Had to repeatedly ask for a glass of water which it eventually arrived after 10 minutes. I don't know why they got decent reviews when they're really not good at all. If you want good Thai food go try Pin Kaow.
5	The amount and quality of the food you get for the $6 lunch special earns this place 5 stars for me.
4	Nice environment, expected Thai dishes. I'm sure they could make weird dishes if you asked politely. The dessert selection is good. Accurate spice level (1-5). This place is never busy when I'm there. The owners are friendly, from Bangkok and are interesting to talk to even though it's hard to hear through their accents. Only downside is it can be pricey for dinner. Their lunch specials are around $7 without a drink.
5	It's really nice Thai restaurant which is serving tasty Thai food.  I would like to recommend Thai tea for drink!! No doubt to come here for the tasty food with inexpensive price.
5	Came here after class one day and wasn't expecting anything special. The food was delicious! The prices were reasonable and the dishes were a good size. The employees were friendly and attentive.
4	What a great place. We ordered the hell out of a lunch for four with like eight dishes. Everything was fresh and seasoned perfectly. Portion sizes were good and all the dishes had very distinct flavor profiles. Good food and very reasonable as well.
3	I wanted to give this place 5 stars because their food is delicious and I love how you can make any dish super spicy. But the thing that makes me give them 3 stars is the service. Sometimes the food takes forever to come out and they can mess up your order. Beware of the eggroll given with the lunch special because it's a banana eggroll. I wasn't aware of this because they usually give other side dishes and ate it. I say beware because I'm allergic to bananas. Anyways. After the waitress asked me how spicy I wanted it, I answered with 3 out of 5. 3 is pretty spicy but after receiving my meal I found out that they did not add any spiciness at all. The waitress also forgot to make my Thai tea even though she stood behind the counter the whole time.Overall, great food but service could be better.
5	Starting with drinks and then apps and entrees, everything was scrumptious!!!!! We had coconut bobs and Thai iced tea and Thai iced coffee, awesome! Fresh rolls were bomb and then pineapple fried rice not spicy and pork pad thai spicy 5. Great combination and completely satisfying!!
5	I've been going to this place for a while and it has never steered me away. I always get the red curry with seafood, chicken if I want to be cheap. The staff is so so, not too friendly, but not to a point to where you will never come back again. The prices are reasonable and the portions are plentiful. Also, it's at a very convenient location if you live near the strip. Sidenote: I did not know you can order your food on this app. That just puts icing on the cake. #geekmoment
3	The Good:I really love the flavor of the food in this place. My wife and I would order from them all the time.  We would always get the pad see ew, which is amazing! The crunchy pork with the chinese broccoli is also a favorite of ours.  It's also conveniently close to our apartment and my work.  So if we're craving some Thai food, I just order and pick up.  Here's a tip, if you live in the vicinity, I suggest you just pick up, unless you're literally just around the corner.  If you order through their website or from eat24.com, even if you live less than 2 miles, they will still charge you $7 for delivery, since for some reason, there's some sort of glitch in the system and if you don't speak Thai, then explaining is not really an option. Dislikes:I would say that there are just a few things I dislike about Chao Thai.  First is that for the price of their a la carte 6.95 and up, the quantity is not that much.  So if you're planning to feed more than 2-3 people on a couple of dishes, you may want to order extra.  Also, we went there tonight and ordered the Mongolian beef. Now, my wife and I LOVE Mongolian Beef and we order it at almost every Chinese restaurant we go to.  It's pretty much how we measure the quality of most Asian establishments that serves the dish (I know, WEIRD).  So we ordered the Mongolian beef and when we got the dish, there was literally, about 15 small pieces of beef and the rest was onions..............awwwkward.  So I asked the waiter and he said that's how it is.  WTF!? Seriously? I wanted to complain, but my wife was tired and told me to just let it go.  She was more upset about it because it's one of her favorites.  The flavor was really great, but the portion of the meat in the dish was HIGHLY disproportionate.  They should have called the dish ONION with a side of Beef............ RUDE! Lastly, we ordered from Chao Thai at my office not too long ago and one of my colleagues ordered the Pepper Steak lunch special.  Now, I'm not EINSTEIN or anything, but correct me if I'm wrong, when you hear STEAK, you know it's BEEF right?? Well, I called and asked why it's an extra $1.00 for the beef option?  And yes, when you order online, they ask you if you want chicken, pork, tofu or beef for an extra $1.  Here's my problem with this.  First of all, the dish is PEPPER S-T-E-A-K.  Meaning.......beef is already implied in the dish.  So why not just charge $1 more......  no, they actually give you an option and charge you a $1 more for what the dish is SUPPOSED to come with.  It's not a big deal, but when I called and inquired, the lady I spoke to said, "beef cost more, that's why it's a dollar extra."  Uhm, I didn't ask for an economic lecture, Lady! She also said, "Nobody has ever complained before." Again.......... WTF? Maybe no one has ever ordered online and got the $1 extra option!! I didn't want our food to be spat on so I just said, fine, just deliver it! I would give them an extra star if they stop being so DAMN CHEAP about they meat!!!!! Damn!!!!! THE END.
4	Soooo good!!! the stuffed chicken wings are a MUST! I just happened on this spot and out of the last 3 times I've been here the food is great! So far I've tried the noodles the curry and of course those angel wings!! The service is always very friendly and you can tell this is a family run business and I think that's the mom cooking away in the back. definitely go check it out.
5	The food is absolutely delish. I went for the very first time today and loved it. Great food for the right price. If you're looking to try something new, this is the place to go. I'd definitely recommend it to friends and family.
4	I'm going to start by saying that the flavor of the food was delicious.  I got Pad Se Ew, which is my Thai food go-to dish.  The broccoli was still crisp, just like I want.  The noodles were well cooked.  The seasoning was spot on.  There was a little more heat that I expected for a Se-Ew, but I'm not going to fault them for that because I didn't specify no heat.I am going to echo the statements of many other posters.  The portion size left something to be desired.  Typically, I will eat about half of my portion from other restaurants and save the rest for another meal.  Here, I ate every single bite.  It was a smaller-square styrofoam box that wasn't particularly full.  For $10, they could afford to give me more noodles.  Along the same line, there wasn't a lot of meat in the box.  I didn't actually count, but I would guess that there were 15-ish small pieces of beef in the entire meal.  There were only six sticks of broccoli (I did count those because it seemed like so few).So, I am on the fence.  The food is tasty and being right across from UNLV, it is convenient for my night classes... but I would have liked more bang for my buck.  Perhaps the $6 lunch price is more appropriate to the portion of food that you receive.  I'm still giving them the 4 stars because the food was tasty and the service was good.  I just would have liked more of it.
4	A nice cheap alternative to restaurants on the strip. Overall some of the flavors are extra sweet, probably to make the flavors more palatable, but good.Pricing is pretty reasonable, or cheap relative to the strip. Service was ok, and the food made fresh. Portion sizes were excellent and we all left very full having ordered just one entree a piece and no apps.
4	Chao Thai is a nice Bangkok/American style Thai restaurant across the street from UNLV.  I took some time out of my day to give them a shot, and was not disappointed!I ordered a Thai iced coffee, which was pretty good!  I would have liked it a tad bit stronger, but it was lightly sweet and creamy and had a nice rich coffee flavor.  Small glass, but good stuff.For lunch I had the Duck Curry, which is a dish I often order at a lot of places.  Ive realized that most places don't do this dish very well, but Chao does a solid job at this one.  The curry is watery, as any good Bankok style curry should be, and packed a lot of flavor.  I ordered a 5/5, and the heat level was pretty solid as well. The duck had  touch of gristle to it, but other than that was a better quality than most Thai restaurants.  I think they might prepare the roast duck themselves, instead of buying it pre-prepared like a lot of Thai restaurants do.  The curry had pineapple, cherry tomatoes, red and green peppers, and basil.  All of the fruit and veggies tasted very fresh and juicy.  Although the curry was just a touch on the sweet side, this dish surprised me.  I was impressed out their execution, and while the service isn't over the top, I would recommend this Thai restaurant to anyone in the area.
5	Love this place!! I've had the appetizers, their pad Thai, teriyaki chicken and chow mein, all of which are delicious and fresh!! Great prices for such great tasting food.
4	First time I've tried the Orange Chicken and I really enjoyed it! Although not as much as my usual Yellow Curry decision! I also had their Mango Smoothie with Boba, which was delicious. Best part though? Discovered they deliver! They were right on time and everything was fresh! It's perfect for students across the street from the restaurant at UNLV! Didn't have to move from my spot in Lied LIbrary. Minus going downstairs to get the food, of course
3	Ok any item beef is $1.00 more on lunch menu. Lunch is $5.95 or $6.95.  Their soup was awful.  Soup was egg srop but with large macaroni noodles in. It. Brith wasnt good. .  Salad is iceberg.  We ordered pana.g curry heat level 3. 8it was,really hot and actual peppers with seeds were in it.  Mouth was burning up.   White rice.  Curry ok.  Egg roll on plate covered in that awful sweet red sauce.   The most freaky part was after we were seated I heard someone tell a customer at counter she had a bug on her. I turned around to see a 2 inch ROACH black, now dropping to the floor. Restaurant was packed and not one of the guys moved to kill it. I spun around, got up, and smashed the roach. I sure wasn't going to let that sucker live!   One young dude thanked me for saving everyone.  My adrenaline had kicked in and I couldn't nust watch wveryine else let it get away.  We then checked the bathriom, it was clean, kitchen looked clean, health dept rating of A, so we went ahead and ordered.  People felt the roach came in on the girls pant leg, frim outside the shop.  The cooks and servers are asian with accents, FOB.  It was not good enoigh, and not enough food. I wouldn't go back.
1	I'm really not satisfied with this place ,just had my food delivered not only did they take an hour or so to get here... The worse part was finding a black piece of hair in my food beyond disgusting and disappointing . Never again I wouldn't recommend this place the food has no flavor !! About the only thing I give a thumbs up is there Thai tea!!!
3	Well.. I will start with the food. I haven't been disappointed with the flavors. Everything has been good. Portions are a bit small as many others have mentioned. My main issue comes from the 1st and second time I ordered food via delivery rather than going into the restaurant itself. The first time they delivered, it was a $2 delivery charge. They are literally 2 miles away from my apartment. 6 minute drive. The second time, without notice.. the delivery fee jumped to $7. A significant increase. I really liked the food enough to order food from them.. Unfortunately, It's enough to never order delivery from them again - with that steep delivery charge.  Doesn't seem worth it. I'd rather drive there.. but it seems a bit shady, so I'm not feeling good about supporting them again. Sounds petty, but it's the principle of the matter I suppose. So if you want to give it a try, head over and do not order delivery, unless you don't mind the fee.  Happy eating!
5	July 2, 2014 in Uncategorized and tagged Chef Dang, Family Owned, Fresh, Make To Order, Thai, Thai Food | Leave a comment | Edit imageChao Thai Feature Story Sample by Paulette L MotzkoPhotography by Paulette L Motzko July 2014I have to say that all the people who work at Chao Thai are extra friendly and even if the food weren't good-I might still come in! The great news is the food is FRESH and FLAVORFUL and FABULOUS and Chef Dang who has prepared all the dishes I have eaten there, comes to my table and talks with me and makes it a joy to dine there.The first time I ate there I ate the Chicken with Zucchini and Vegetables and it was presented on a beautiful white square dish showing off the dish all the better. The sauce was subtle and slightly sweet and delightful. It did not have a taste like too much soy sauce was added as I taste in many Asian inspired restaurants and even Thai restaurants. Chef Dang wouldn't tell me all the ingredients she put in the sauce, but it was prepared to order.imageI had the Orange Chicken, which is photographed above and the batter was a light heavenly crispy tempura and the sauce was amazingly orange flavored. It was the best, freshest Orange Chicken I have had anywhere in my life, and I will order it again and again!I also love their Thai Iced Tea, which I have come in to get it to go. It keeps me cook in the very hot Las Vegas heat!There are so many dishes I want to try at Chao Thai, it will take me many years to come!http://restaurantshowcase.wordpress.com/2014/07/02/chao-thai-and-chef-dangs-fabulous-orange-chicken/Paulette Le Pore Motzkohttp://www.RestaurantShowCase.com714-728-6037
5	I really enjoyed the food here especially how they have a 5 dollar lunch special and the portion they give is more than what you pay for. If it's your first time trying Thai Food I suggest telling your waiter/waitress your desired level of spiciness which is a scale of 1 being a tinge spicy and 10 being really spicy. Dishes that may be applicable to this is Pad Thai noodles and a lot of curry dishes. This place is also convenient for me because I'm a college student and the walk to campus here is a easy way go.
5	Great Thai food! I love the Tom Kah soup. They have fantastic pad Thai. The service is great and friendly.
4	The $5.95 lunch special is what initially lured me into Chao Thai Restaurant, and believe me, that is a sweet deal for everything you get. The atmosphere when I walked in was a little chaotic - the waitress was obviously stressed out and the place was buzzing. I decided to get the Spicy Basil Tofu with a spicy level of 3. Less than a minute after taking my order, a small bowl of egg drop soup and a salad was placed before me. What? That's included in the lunch special? This is going to be a great lunch!The egg drop soup was pretty tasty. It had tofu, green onions, and carrots in it. Unlike most egg drop soups I've tasted, this soup was packed with flavor and had just the right consistency. The salad was nice and crisp and the dressing was perfect. The only downer so far was that I got my drink after I was halfway through the soup and salad. Before I could finish the soup and salad, my entree came out. At first, I was weirded out by all the little green bits piled on the plate. Don't be scared of the green things! They're delicious. Anyways, the Spicy Basil Tofu was on point and came with a nice little mound of white rice and what I thought was a spring roll. Lo and behold, it's a fried banana egg roll! Yay! I get dessert too!You simply can't beat Chao Thai Restaurant's $5.95 lunch specials. Thumbs Up
2	I saw all the great reviews and wanted to try this place for takeout! The delivery service was very prompt but the food... The pad kee mao and the chicken sate were both over cooked beyond belief! I've tried two other Thai restaurants in the area and unfortunately this has been my least desired experience. I plan on giving them one more shot by dinning in the restaurant but until then.
2	Decent pad thai. They had their kids in the restaurant and they were loud.
5	Soup and salad is awesome, I tried vegetable fried rice and it was awesome. !!Lunch special is must look for.
2	This restaurant has a nice setting, but my dish wasn't that great. I asked my server to get me sriracha and he comes with a small plate of something that tasted like buffalo wing sauce. I told him I like my pad Thai spicy and he brought over a tray of spices. One of which I was looking for. Service could have been better but food could have been way better. No lunch specials on the weekends which SUCK.
5	A small place, service was good and the food fantastic. I would definitely recommend this place to those who love Thai food.
4	Love this place. Reasonably priced and some real good Thai food. Plus it's right across UNLV, so location is perfect.
5	Love love love this place I never tried Thai food before and this place the first Thai place I went to. It's amazing plus it's walking distant from school. They have  a lunch special from 11-3 and I recommend getting the cashew chicken or the pepper chicken it's delicious. Be careful with how hot you get it though it can get very spicy. Prices are moderate.
1	Food is average ,delivery and time scheduling very very terrible ... Schedule time and had too wait an hour after schedule d time will not order from again.
5	Excellent. Flavor = Authentic Thai Spice. Service = Great Hospitality. Cleanliness = Immaculate. Space = Intimate. Portion = Just Right. Price = Average. I really like this place. Always very good flavor. Very friendly. I just wish they were in a different location. Or maybe just add another. Not really complaining, I guess, I'll still come back but some of the other customers are rude to the workers here and I'm guessing that's because of the area. It's just uncomfortable to be around rude customers. Nothing against the establishment at all.
5	Great lunch specials and great food. I've only ordered take-away and delivery, but the service is always on point. I love the fresh rolls and the curries are wonderfully flavorful and loaded with fresh, crisp veggies.
4	We purchased several items for delivery- staying at the MGM signature suites. Delivery took about 45 minutes- not too bad! I recommend the peanut curry. Loved it! Their customer service was great. :)
5	This has to be one of the best Thai restaurant's I've experienced in Vegas. They have it all; decent pricing, great food, and friendly, fast service.I come here quite frequently with my boyfriend, and we are addicted to the cream cheese ragoons that they serve. We've tried just about every curry they have to offer. Panang, Red, Green, Pumpkin, and Pineapple are all delicious and I have trouble deciding which one is my fav. The Pad Thai here is also great, and so is the Kung Pao dish.The spicy scale is on 1-5 and it is SPICY. It's probably just because I'm white and can't handle spice for shit,but I really can't get anything over a 3 here. Which is ok cause I can build it up right? Right? Challenge accepted.You can either dine in or do take out, both ways you'll get your food fast. the ladies that work here are so nice and it's actually fun coming into this restaurant.
5	Every time I come here I know I'm going to get a delicious meal :) I've never been disappointed here. Plus! It's right off of UNLV campus :)
5	OMG AMAZING!!! I love thai food but the is by far the best thai food I've had!!! We ordered the orange chicken and shrimp fried rice. it hard to explain how god it was...the orange chicken was cooked perfectly, very light and bready with just the right amount of sauce. Sometimes the chicken can be too chewy and the sauce stuck on it  this was everything but that! The pineapple friend rice had shrimp and chicken in it. Once again it was light now heavy and very satisfying. Even the lemonade was good and sweet! I'll be sure to come here the next time I'm on town
