4	Fun spot.. here before the official Grand Opening. This place has the charm in the decor as it's brother establishment - CommonWealth on Fremont Street, but in a slightly understated - streamlined and still eloquent version. Blvd. Cocktail Company is clearly designed to serve the masses. Comfortable seating, open building front that faces the Linq walkway.. the whole area is a bizzaro universe, upscale version of the Fremont Experience downtown Las Vegas. They have many reasons for me to visit every once in awhile ...so updated reviews to follow! Happy Drinking!
4	Great drinks. Attentive staff. Craft cocktails..fresh ingredients. Absinthe tasting was fun. Love the live music. Highly recommend..chill atmosphere.
3	Went here with some people from work for happy hour. Still working out the kinks but looks like it has potential with the right management. The weather was perfect for a drink out on the patio. I would have given this place 4 stars but they overcharged a few of us on our tabs and you have to walk a bit of a way outside to use the public restroom. Should be better once all of the shops at the Linq are complete.
5	Great fresh cocktails, live music, compelling venue right at The Linq.  Retractable widows overlooking the walkway. A great place to spend the evening people watching and enjoying the weather.
5	Awesome new spot off the strip in Las Vegas!! Drinks are delicious, music is beyond amazing (live piano, guitar, violin, you name it) and the atmosphere is different than any other spot in Vegas. Must stop by to try!!!
4	Suffice it to say that I am not an expert on cocktails, lounges, or trendy places to hang out and sip exotic alcohol, but save for the overly loud pianist competently taking and playing requests I really liked the vibe of BLVD in the Linq.  Paying a visit just prior to dinner at Brooklyn Bowl it was to smiling service and a well culled menu of craft cocktails that we arrived and with Bob Dylan and The Beatles played loudly beneath the glowing lightbulb cloud my $14 Cocojito proved excellent - the high top notes of lime and mint giving way to a citrus Bacardi base softened by rich frothed coconut milk.  With friends equally impressed by a classic Manhattan and a spicy jalapeno vodka cocktail there is little doubt this place is prone for success, though a few less decibels would have been ideal for conversation.
5	One of the best in Vegas.  Uniquely crafted cocktails, great atmosphere, and stellar service without all the fuss of other places.  Great live music.....we could have stayed all night!
5	It's a Monday, but this place is still being five-star awesome! Their piano player is amazing! Everyone is singing along to him, without him overworking the crowd. A great new find in Vegas! Very LA, I would say.
5	Enough good things can't be said about this place! Amazing cocktails, amazing music..LOVE THIS PLACE! Ended up here after the Cake concert at the Brooklyn Bowl a few days ago. Was walking past and heard this musician jamming and had to stop. Honestly, he was the only reason we even ended up at this place. Jeremy Cornwell is his name. Went inside and ordered a bunch of drinks, listened to 2 sets of awesome tunes before the bar started closing up for the night. Great night made even better by Jeremy! Will definitely be back!
5	Another great establishment brought to us by the owners of the Commonwealth, Park on Fremont, and the Laundry Room . . . and while definitely different than the other three . . . this place has a vibe of it's own.The trendy interior comes complete with a grand piano . . . unbelievable light cloud . . . and libations that were definitely inspired by the Laundry Room.  The windows . . . that were open on the night we were there . . . allowed for the music outside to fill this space with great sounds.  The drinks . . . and I have  no idea what I had (since I let the mixologist . . . surprise me) . . . were well balanced and great tasting.I am not a Strip person . . . but this place is on my return list . . . so I guess . . . I will be seeing the Strip on my return trips.
5	We have been there twice on our recent trip to Vegas.  Love it!  We sat outside both nights.  The front opens up allowing for those in the outdoor seating to enjoy the live music.  The drinks are good.   I tried the Absinthe and they served it by melting a sugar cube with ice-cold water.  Nice little show.  Drinks were all $14 each, so not badly priced for Vegas with live music.
4	Craft cocktails at the Linq!Blvd. Cocktail Company is the latest pre-prohibition style offering from the folks behind Commonwealth, Park on Fremont, etc..  Blvd is at home in its touristy Linq setting and is probably the best option in this Linq area for quality, craft cocktails.  The bar is tended by a combination of stellar mixologists and adequate bartenders...be sure to order from the stellar mixologists (choose wisely, one of the best in town is here) if you are going off-menu in the craft direction though.A hipster design firm vomited all over this space and as a result, the setting is hip and trendy with POF wallpaper and paintings, while a giant light bulb chandelier dominates the center of the room.  Live music is cranked out of far too many speakers at an exceedingly high volume entirely mitigating your ability to enjoy conversation...but the music does seems to be on point as far as quality goes.  There was a fantastic artist playing the Saturday night we came down and I heard great things about the previous weekend as well.It is a challenge for me to rate Blvd.  I would give out 3 stars for the tourist trap setting of the Linq.  It would be 2 if based on the volume of music....Maybe as high as 4 stars if judging simply on  the interior and theme of the bar.  But an easy 5 stars for the drinks from Juyoung.  You can do the math, that's a 3.5 Star average...it could go either way, but I'm going with a weak 4 Stars.
4	I visited this place when my boyfriend had to attend the SEMA exhibitor summit. After their second day, SEMA treated everyone to a mixer event here and a ride on the high roller afterwards. I had no idea it was open bar, so I behaved and only had a vodka sour, which was made really well. Believe me, some people make it just as a lemonade, or with a splash of yellow. The hostesses passed around finger foods that included fried lobster, crab cakes, beef in a blanket, chicken on a stick, and lady finger desserts. The food was great and the girls were friendly and not stuck up, which can really make or break the experience of wherever you are. The ambiance of the bar was an old timey, but modern and classy twist to it, definitely somewhere you'd want to spruce yourself up a bit when you're there. There is one downside to it, I wish that it was just a little bit bigger, it feels pretty cramped, although there is an outside section, it still feels like your are up in everyone's bubble.I will most certainly be back to this place when I am in town again, the Linq is actually a really neat place to hang out after you get drinks at Blvd.
2	Went to the Blvd Cocktail Company for the first time Sat. night. There was an entertaining musical performer. Good atmosphere. Our group of three were able to get seats even though the place was relatively full. The $12 drinks were extremely WEAK. We wanted to stay longer but left after finishing the lame drinks. The group next to us ordered some more expensive specialty drinks and their drinks took about 25 mins to arrive.
4	Taylor was an amazingly fun cocktail waitress and made our night a blast.  Blvd. has amazing cocktails and a pretty fun atmosphere.  Loved the Linq and think this place is a great addition to Vegas.
5	Love this place cocktails are top notch and true to form!! Great place to people watch! And service is ahhmazing!! Server was Barbara nice little thing! :)
3	Drinks are pricey here, place is small but in a great location inside The Linq. Lots of people watching who pass by & hang out in front. Jeremy Cornwell performs here who is amazing & also other performers. Seating for large groups can be limited due to such a small space. The two times I've gone I've been lucky to find a place to sit.
5	Good selection of drinks. I think my favorite thing about this place is the live music. It's a cool place to kick back :) Located perfectly at the linq!!
4	Other than prices being ridiculously overpriced, the drinks are pretty good and stiff. And if I'm paying almost $15 for a cocktail, I'd rather half it not be watered down. I ordered a kettle extra dirty martini (it was hardly dirty btw). Although it was good, I should've tried their signature cocktails. Even if I wanted to though, a few weren't even available that night. Which I found a bit odd since it's just a cocktail bar so you would think they would stock up. My friend ordered a Moscow mule, or their take on a Moscow mule I believe, and it was delicious!What I really loved about the place was the live music and atmosphere. If you want a dim romantic feel, I'd say to sit inside, but it's a lot more relaxing to sit outside and take in The Linq. The entire place is basically wide open so you hear the music from anywhere. One thing that was really odd was that they don't serve water. I could tell the waitress felt really bad and I'm assuming it wasn't the first time she had to tell a guest that they're not allowed to serve water.Tip: it's not the kind of place to come with large groups. Stop by for drinks with the girls or bring your date here after dinner.
2	Popped in after the Primus show at Brooklyn Bowl. Interesting set-up, and I'll ignore the lack of bar stools at the bar for their purposes of combining a social setting with craft bartending. The BT's, for the most part, seemed to know their stuff. I went "off-menu" to see how they'd do, and it was serviceable if uninspired.Problem with the place is the the employees' over-riding interest in themselves rather than their guests and management's apathy towards such a perception. It adds up to a "hipper-than-thou" experience with people whose self-esteem far exceeds their actual skill.
3	From the masterminds behind Commonwealth, Park on Fremont and the Laundry Room, brings a new lounge serving craft cocktails at the heart of the Linq.  Aesthetically pleasing with great live music playing.Just a heads up, a bunch of older crowd frequents to this bar.  While there's really nothing wrong with being around people on their 40s-60s, it just doesn't live up to the ambiance they intended it to be.  In fact, my buddy told me not to order a drink so we could leave soon after she finished hers since she wasn't really feeling the vibe out of this place.Due to the circumstances of my first visit, I didn't get to try much of their drinks; from what I had tried from what my friend was drinking, it was actually quite tasty which shows true marksmanship of their mixologists.  Despite of having the intentions of not ordering a drink, not one of the 3/4 servers walking around the area asked me if I were interested of checking out the menu.  Nonetheless, heard one of the best mixologists in town works here so I will definitely be giving this lounge another try soon.Overall, Blvd. Cocktail Company is a great new addition to the growing craft cocktail community in Las Vegas.  Superb mixologists, live shows, and awesome staff... this place certainly has great potential to be one of the better bars along the strip.
4	Awesome place to hang out and listen to fantastic live music!  Hard to hear if you are in  a large group, and probably hard to find seating too.  But for smaller groups or couples, this is a great place.  They have absinthe here too, so try it if you're in the mood!  Decent beer (even have some belgium brews) and cocktail selections too.  The servers are friendly and sweet, they seem to have a lot of ground to cover so the service was not great but not terrible either.  My only two complaint would be the repetition of music from night to night, we were only there for 2 nights but on the second night the same band was playing the same music (albeit awesome music) and the weird little dude that stands around awkwardly waiting for your absinthe to pour.
5	Handcrafted cocktails, gorgeous patio, awesome live band, good weather, friends play a part too. Sign me up!!!! Maybe I've been late to the game but seriously amazing experience, it's much needed here in Vegas. I was attracted to this place by the band, the lead singer looked like Johnny Depp and had the versatility of 500 songs. The patio has couches and plush velvet pillows along with tables. Also, there is mass wall that opens the interior to the outside, it's really unique.The cocktails are priced at $14 a pop which is decent for handcrafted, customized, quality drinks. You will have a good buzz after the 1st and 2nd one for sure. The cocktail menu is to the point they have your traditional ones except with their own signature twist. I ordered the "Mule it over" and it was fresh perfect for these warm summer nights.The inside decor is dark with avant-garde type feel. Plush dark accents featuring experimental artwork. I absolutely was mesmerized by the live band and ambience of the entire venue. I had the perfect chill night under candid lighting.
5	I love this place! The atmosphere is killer, and the decor is very nice. They have bands play live music while you're there. There's and inside & outside sitting area. Good drink selection. It's very relaxing
4	We went in early on a Sunday night (around 9pm) and were one of only 3 tables in the place. Excellent drink menu, I had the Boulevardier (which is their iteration of an old fashioned) and it was amazing. The guy playing live music was good, great selection of 90's, 80's etc. Cool atmosphere for a drink.
4	After a night of Yelp's Nerdy Dancing and walking around the Linq; the BF and I found ourselves here as we've been on this whole wanting to watch "lounge acts" vibe. We entered on a fairly busy night - as it was the 2nd week of Linq's Bloq Party - you immediately get the "Commonwealth vibe" with the wallpaper and paintings. You surely know it's CW's little sister.We didn't order a specialty cocktail but, rather our Jameson and ginger BEER!!!! Yaaaaaas, they have ginger beer!We sat along the edge of the bar and just enjoyed the music from - I wanna say "Ekho" or something like that - and that saxophone player straight killed the game with his swag and way of performing. He even walked through the room, almost serenading couples!Def a great old school vibe the (new) Strip has in store for the tourists and locals alike.
4	It's nice to get out of the crowd, have a cocktail and watch live music!  We came in here last Tuesday, seeking refuge from the heat and sea of people out at the Linq.  Cutesy, funky, whimsical paintings of robots and children (love the decor), special hand-crafted cocktails, and live music--what more can you ask for?  Service was okay.  I had a champagne cocktail with muddled strawberries.  The runner took my glass before I could eat the strawberries at the bottom of the flute!  I was pretty sad about that :/... MAYBE if he could HEAR me over the music, he may have left it on the table lol... but yeah, it's pretty loud up in this joint.  Definitely not a place to meet and have a conversation.  The prices are another thing I'm not to keen on... ~$16/drink + tip... which can easily stack up if you're having good time. All in all, I'd be back again.  Mostly for the live music.  I wish there were more places in Vegas that showcased live music.  Any recommendations out there? :)
4	Great location on the Linq, small but packs a punch with live music. Just a great place to sit with a nice drink on the outdoor patio and people watch. Drinks are pricey but the live music adds to the value. Give this place a try!
5	My hubby and I came here after our dinner.. Loved the atmosphere, the live music, and the cocktails.  Great place to wind down and relax!  We will definitely be back!
1	Walked in on a 103 degree day, ordered a cocktail and a glass of wine. When the server brought the drinks we asked for some water, she said NO. We don't serve water. WHAT!? I am not kidding. I have never been told NO in Las Vegas for any reasonable request. Will NOT go back.
4	wonderful atmosphere, friendly bartenders and decent live music. The artisan cocktails are pretty tasty too :-)
5	This place is absolutely and most definitely a COCKTAIL COMPANY.  HANDS DOWN! The cocktails are HEAVENLY!!!  It's on a whole another level.  After being there, I can no longer order those "vodka cran" in little plastic cups.And you cannot go wrong with their live music.  It's like Austin meets Vegas.  CHEERS!!!
4	great little cocktail lounge with high quality, creative drinks.  The live entertainment was absolutely top notch.  seriously, one of the best i've seen.The drinks are insanely expensive, but I'm sure you expected that.
1	The worst possible service and overpriced drinks, fired the staff and managers!  How embarrassing for Las Vegas!
4	One word: Juyoung.Proooobably one of the best bartenders in the world.  And she works here.  While I am bummed that I can't have a great conversation with her like when she was at Comme Ca or Laundry Room since this place is a little more touristy and crowded, I am happy to have Ju's drinks in my life wherever she may be.They have a fabulous happy hour where the drinks are half price, and the entertainment has always been solid when I've come. I've seen a solo piano man, a folk-type band, and a cover band with two saucy lead singers.  Blvd also has a patio, which automatically makes me love any place.  Al fresco drinking and people watching!
5	What a great find! My husband and I were wandering around the Linq while waiting for the Hash House A Go Go Yelp event when I heard piano music. Next I noticed the happy hour sign and I asked Joel if he wanted to get a drink. I was happy when he said yes! They have beautiful patio seating or when you walk inside it's a dimly lit speakeasy vibe. They have a huge light display that looks like a cloud that pulses light like a thunderstorm. What a cool touch! The piano player was rocking out playing songs from the Back Street Boys to the Awesome song from the Lego's movie. How amazing! We sat at their long wood bar and were quickly given menus. I loved that the  bartender explain which items were on the happy hour menu. I also noticed they had homemade liqueur!! Wow! It just kept getting better! It was hard to pick a drink because they all sounded good. Normally their cocktails are $14 a piece, but during happy hour they are half off. Yay! I finally decided on "The Showgirl" and Joel ordered "The Lavender Slip". Both drinks had high quality ingredients and were perfectly mixed. Mine was full of strawberry flavor with a tart finish. Joel's drink was tangy too, but you could totally taste the rosemary in it. I would order either one again! I'm totally in love with the Blvd Cocktail Company! I've been talking about it ever since we went. I can't wait to get the hubby to take me again. A great gem in the middle of the Linq.
4	Came across this place randomly but so glad I did! I love this bar! The interior is super classy, there's live music, and every drink we ordered off the menu was strong but masked by a great taste! I got drunk off only 2 drinks but enjoyed every minute of my drink. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the price was a little high. $14 for a cocktail, but even so the drinks were good! I definitely would come back. One of my favorite bars in Vegas to come, chill, and have a good time.
5	Great drinks and service! We came during happy hour, but the bartender didn't realize they didn't do happy hours on friday. So we got lucky with the first round! Loved the lightbulb sculpture and the interior, super hip and trendy. There was also a piano player taking requests, and it was so nice and relaxing to hear classical piano while enjoying your drink.The Summer Assassin is a must order- the perfect summer drink; definitely one of my favorites.Lavender- super interesting and surprisingly refreshing, also a must order! All of the sweet cocktails are made extremely well here, and I would definitely come back during happy hour to enjoy these drinks! Otherwise, drinks range from $12-17.
4	This place is amazing! The musicians were incredible. The first band we saw was led by a gorgeous girl who belted out old and new songs. The backup singer sang a few songs and was amazing too. The following band was led by an extremely talented guy. He took requests and the band was able to pick up the beat and run with it. He put twists on songs and used his guitar and electric violin to enhance the sound. It was amazing. There was a slight delay in the music so that he could break dance battle a guy in the audience. He was so good he split his pants and kept on entertaining the crowd. We had a blast!We sat at the bar. Mike the bartender was awesome. He was relieved by Nick who was great too! The bar back let me use his pen to make requests and never stopped working hard. I would had given this place five stars but the bartender with the dear Watson mustache kept twisting his 'stache over and over and over without ever washing his hands. It was gross. But overall this bar is fun place to hangout.
4	I am a sucker for live music so I always have a blast here. The atmosphere is very chill and the decor is really fun. They also have outdoor seating. The music has always been great  no matter who is playing, just FYI it's not always a piano. My favorite parts of this establishment were the homemade fireball, Grapefruit beer, and glasswear. This place is well thought through and made to feel a bit luxurious. A nice oasis from the craziness of the strip
1	Cocktails with friends at 5:30. Live music (nice) but WAY too loud. More appropriate for late night. Also, BEWARE....there are no bathrooms, despite having more than 250 seats. Mgt. says since they don't serve food they don't need bathrooms.  Really stupid....won't be back.
2	We popped in here on a GNO, 8 of us in total, to listen to the live music and have a few drinks. We really loved the decor, vibe and music. However, the service was garbage. Having never been there, which we told our server, a recommendation was requested on what would be good to drink. Our waitress, who was clearly uninterested, said "everything". Very helpful (sarcasm intended). We asked for waters after we ordered our drinks, and were told that this bar doesn't give water, but we could buy bottled for $10 each! It was 104 at 8pm! The icing was when we got our bill, $165, we each had 1 drink, and a 18% gratuity was tacked on!! At no time was that mentioned. We were pretty pissed, we tried talking to the waitress, who at this time was less than interested in what we had to say. As we were leaving we saw the "punchbowl" special that would have been more economical and enjoyable way for us to drink. Poor service, especially for locals who like to go out and find new Vegas experiences!
3	The drinks were good but the service was slow.  Our waitress she seemed very busy and arrogant, hardly came back to check with us, five of us had to waive like crazy to draw her attention because she wouldn't look at us at all!However, besides our "busy" waitress, the bust-boy, the manager, they were all very nice and helpful.  The bust-boy even tried to help us get our waitress, of coz he failed, i really think our waitress was avoiding us!  Why?  5 of us ordered 2 rounds of drinks in less than an hour.  I dont think we were the bad customers rite? So why being such a B?The live performing was very entertaining but it could be loud.  But I love it!
1	This place had very bad service, the waitress was terrible slow and inattentive,  the bar tenders also very slow the place was not busy and they would just look past you.
3	Ok bar with hipster bartenders and excessively loud live music.  Kind of nice to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail while people watching.  Apparently there are no bathrooms here which is ridiculous.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas Nevada know it's kind of off the strip in an area called THE LINQ right near the Ferris wheel and sprinkles cupcakes and the tilted kilt pub but they make the best sidecar Martini that I've ever had my life and I'm kind of drunk so that's saying a lot plus the dude behind the counter are so gnarly and their suspenders with their handlebar mustache is I freaking love it
3	I've walked by here during the day and never thought much of this little watering hole. On certain nights, however, there is live music to catch your attention. To be honest, we only came here because our friend was part of the entertainment one night. The bar itself is a mixture of luxury and oddity. While seats and furniture are cozy and the lighting low the art displayed runs the gamut of interesting and enjoyable to strange and out of place. Take the lightbulb sculpture and chandelier; it an interesting non-functional talking point that highlights the confusing theme of the entire bar.As far as selections; the bar is stocked, the waitresses knowledgable, a good selection of specialty drinks, and the bar tenders are well trained enough to make complex drinks to order.At the same time, the drinks are not cheap. There is also no flat water available unless you're willing to pay $12 for one of the designer Voss bottles.In honest, the drinks were good and I didn't mind paying a premium for them to watch my friend play guitar. But they're not so good that I'd keep coming back to the strangely decorated and overpriced place when considering the number of quality bars in Vegas.
5	I haven't frequented the Linq enough. There are so many cool little spots to hang out at, including Blvd. Cocktail! I was meeting a friend here Tuesday night and it was quite slow. The bartender, Mike, was super awesome and friendly. He made me an Irish Mule even though they didn't have ginger beer on had. He worked some magic with real ginger, ginger ale and other things and the drink was even better than a normal mule with real ginger beer. They had a piano player who kept asking us for requests, and he was able to play any song we listed, including songs by JT, Foo Fighers, Kanye West, etc. It's cute little place with a speakeasy feel. The bartenders are obviously very talented mixologists. There's a beautiful patio right out on the promenade as well. I'll be back!
2	Deserves 5 stars if it wasn't for their smokers patio flowing right into the restaurant. Fucking disgusting. Open windows from outside blowing cancer straight into my lungs. Designate a nice smoking section NOT IN FRONT OF OPEN WINDOWS INTO UR RESTAURANT
5	If you want a great cocktail at the Linq, this is the place. All of the bartenders are super knowledgeable, funny, and engaging. Nick will whip you up a stellar drink according to your specifications. And let's not forget the musical acts. Absolutely amazing, talented artists that are fun to listen to and sing along with. It is a regular stop in my repertoire and I highly recommend it.
5	Loved this place the moment I stepped in! Live music daily, specialty drinks, homemade signature fireball shots & absinthe! It brings the linq alive @ night!
5	Finally, a comfortable place with custom cocktails made by bartenders that are knowledgeable and take pride in their craft.  Great for us baby boomers that don't fit in well at clubs, don't want to be at a casino lounge, want to hear one another, and enjoy comfortable seating.  Don't go here if your expectations are:  food, bathrooms on premises, tv sets on every wall (there are no tvs anywhere) and expect bar servers to turn drinks fast.  This is a place to chill, relax, enjoy live music in a comfortable, relaxing and non-intimidating environment.  I didn't really get it at first when I first went there, but I do now (at least in my mind) and it is my go-to place for great drinks at reasonable prices.
5	I was really impressed with BLVD. Cocktail Company.  The atmosphere was a mix of modern and classic bar, yet super comfy and welcoming.  There was a live band playing on the night I was there and everyone was having a great timeIn some of these Craft Cocktail bars things can seem pretty pretentious,  but not here. I had the pleasure of being assisted by Anthony (He's got the sick  beard and 'stache).  I ordered a Brandy Alexander.  It wasn't on the drink list and its probably not ordered very often (if at all) but I really wanted one. Sweet-creamy-liquor mmmmmm. It was perfection!!! Best I've ever had.I will be back!
5	I've been here a few times for the live music.  Walking by the sounds just attract you in. Enter into the doors on either side of the patio, they card you. It's cozy and dim.  I like the booth seating. Small enough space to feel intimate with the musicians. They play underneath a large multi bulb light fixture. You can sit and enjoy the entertainment and still hear when you converse with your friends and the new ones you make as well.  It's a comfortable spot. Every time I go I meet someone friendly. The server checked on us plenty of times.  Never had to wait around or seek her out.They ran out of the merlot I wanted last night. However they carry a really great strawberry beer if you like it sweet!
4	Great atmosphere. Awesome art. Saw a pianist last night whose name I didn't catch, he was very funny/hot/entertaining and played a few good original songs as well as requests.The drinks are a good size and tasty; they did seem a bit light on the alcohol.
4	This would be a great place for a date, at least early in the night. The atmosphere is really pretty, you can definitely feel the artsy/hip vibe going on. From the light fixtures, to the seating, this feels pretty fancy.I didn't order a specialty drink, but my cocktail was well prepared and tasted good. I was very pleased with the bands that played.. A little loud, but to be expected. As the night goes on, they get louder and it gets more crowded, so be forewarned.
2	Went here for a friends birthday. Sounded like a cool and interesting place. They had live music (the chick sang really really nicely) wasnt too crowed.The scene Is hipster=no buenoCocktails were mediocre at best. I ordered an old fashion that came out tasting like a nigroni. The next cocktail was the boulevard(ier). Tasted like an old fashion with chocolate bitters...mehIll check it out when the cocktail program has been revamped
4	I love this place! I finally had the chance to try it last night on my final night in Vegas. The reason for four stars versus five is because they don't open until 5pm. We wanted to try it two other times before last night but they weren't open. I could understand this if it was open late as an after hours hangout until 4am or so but they still close at 2am. They also don't have any kind of food menu. I think they'd benefit from something small for late night like a cheese plate or charcuterie or even pastry plate or something. However, I really loved this bar. The decor is warm and a little quirky with odd artwork and lamps with oversized tassels. It reminded me of the bar from The Shining but modernized and without the whole horror movie thing haha. They have a nice selection of whiskeys, ryes, and bourbons. We tried two of their signature drinks (Napoleon's Dynamite and Pina Verde) and they were delicious. Our bartender, Nick, was really wonderful. He was knowledgeable and great to chat with. We also tried their homemade fireball which was so good! It's very different from fireball and I'd describe it more like chai. There was a live band last night and they were pretty good. The place was pretty dead though and I'm hoping that was due to it being a Monday at around 12:30am versus how it typically is in there. It really is great and I highly recommend checking it out if you're in Vegas!
