1	First of all the girl working at the counter had no clue what she was doing, nor did she care. I was immediately turned off but was hungry & in a hurry. After navigating her cash register with the ease of a drunk toddler my bill came to $12. Twelve dollars. What did I get for my hard earned $12? A 6" hot sandwich & small soda. Wow. This better be the best sandwich ever. Well, they couldn't even provide that. I ordered one of the only things on the menu that didn't say spicy (and shouldn't be spicy). Get back to work, first angry bite in my mouth lights up like the Fourth of July. Spicy as hell. So now I have a bad experience & $12 down the drain on a to-go deli sandwich. Needless to say if my sandwich needs ever arise again I will be venturing to a sit down restaurant. I will pay the same price but not get a shitty Subway-esque sandwich.
5	I love this place. I go to school a few doors down at Paul Mitchell and this is going to be my new favorite place for lunch. It is a bit overpriced for a sandwich however a small is practically big enough to feed a family ( ok realistically myself and a friend) . The sandwiches have small unique twist like adding cream cheese were you would never think to put it and all the ingredients looked really fresh. Last but not least I really think this may be a cool place to sit back and have a beer with friends and grub on a sammy... why? because they are a sandwich place that sells beer.
5	My wife and I had lunch here today.  It totally rocked!!  The sandwiches were amazing.  They do not skimp on the meat, if you're into it.  The veggie sandwich options are much better than other places too.  Great bread, great and FRESH toppings, all sliced in-house.  Steve, the owner was there and talked to us about the place.  He's cool, gregarious and he's got a winner here.  Love the vibe and love the food more!  We're going back.  A lot!!
5	I've come here two days in a row now for lunch......so I guess that means I love it?When you are big fat preggo lady, you need to stay away from lunch meats. However, I figured its heated pretty thoroughly it should kill any lurking bacteria. Yesterday I had ordered the Woody. I thought it was pretty delish, but the Tabasco gave me heartburn (thank you pregnancy again). My husband tried the other half and he thought it was WONDERFUL! He said he would make the drive to Henderson to get a fresh one himself. Today I went back for lunch since I am lazy and it was a short walk from my office. I decided on the skinny dipper. It is pretty tasty and no heartburn this time! People say its a bit pricey, but I've never seen so much meat on a sandwich before. It's definitely filling and worth the price. The bread is never soggy even though its heated! Definitely a winner!I definitely will be back and this place will be in my weekly rotation for lunch!
5	The best part of this HUGE HUMONGO sandwich is the cream cheese.  The cream cheese compliments the sandwich and boosts taste by like a million.  It's THAT good. ***On the menu it states how many calories your consuming with each sandwich..... and just fair warning.... it's DELISH and will consume ALL your calories for the day and probably for the next day.   IT IS HUGE! My favorite sandwich is the Santa Cruz COLD.  Pastrami, avocado, bacon, and cream cheese.  A small is 790 calories.... OF YUM.  They don't skimp on the fillers believe me.... They hook it up with a fat sandwich.  The Haole Cheesesteak is definitely an amazing hot sandwich worth trying.  It is a fairly new place, and there are a lot of friendly faces to recommend and help you out.  DUDES! come and try something!  It's a cute little place off of Eastern in a really busy plaza.  It's surrounded by a lot of good eats, but definitely come and try this place.  There's a nice seating area outside, and lots of seating inside too.  On the weekend they have a nice little farmers market and The Beach Hut Deli would be an ideal place to grab some lunch for sure.   I work in this plaza and when Friday comes around I'm usually the first to want to grab some lunch from there when I want consume ALL my calories for the day.  :P  It's worth it!
4	10 times better than Lee's next store. I was going to order the medium sandwich and the guy looked at me like I was on bath salts. The small is really a LARGE so stick w/ the small. Sandwich was great!  Would totally go back. My only drawback is 1) I asked for mayo on the side....I got mayo on my sub and 2) there's no healthy sides [pasta salad something] all their chips are the full fat varietal as well. No baked, no sun chips, nothing :( Not great for healthy side eaters, but on the flip side they proudly display calorie count of all sandwiches on their menu :)
5	Boom. 5 Stars.Better believe that.5 stars, maybe closer to 6. It was that good. Every part of my experience at Beach Hut Deli was a positive one. From the recommendation the owner gave to the quality of the food, all spot on. It was 7:30pm, about 30 minutes before the Deli was supposed to close and I was treated no differently than as if I was the first customer of the day. The owner recommended  the Surfin Bird for me (Turkey, Avocado, Bacon, Cream Cheese*, Lettuce, Tomato, Mayo). Why the asterisk? Let me tell you why. Because cream cheese on a sammich is one of the greatest things I have ever tasted in the history of my tasting. It was that good. Maybe others already knew this secret, but I didn't. My wife isn't much of a turkeyer, so she took the owners recommendation as he said, and I quote, "the whole reason I opened this place is because of the Surfin' Cow." Cowabunga. Same ingredients as the Surfin Bird, just minus the bird and exchange it for Roast Beef. Served hot or cold, she chose cold. Outstanding! The thing I appreciated most was that we were there until a few minutes after 8. Instead of feeling like I needed to rush out (which I probably would have done had I worked there) the owner came up to us and asked how everything was as. He wanted to know how we heard about Beach Hut Deli and  what we thought of the food. He could have easily ignored us and I would have still given this place a 5 star accolades. I appreciated the extra attention and him going out of the way to make us feel warm and welcome.Well done Beach Hut Deli. See you soon.
4	Excellent sandwiches and a friendly staff.  These are super sized sandwiches loaded with veggies, bacon, cream cheese..... served on a frisbee.You cant go wrong here. Sandwiches so big many people are using a fork and knife.  These are good sandwiches to shareDid I say they put cream cheese on the sandwiches - excellent!!!??!
5	There's really nothing to say about this place other than HOLY SHIT!Honestly, I've been to a ton of sandwich shops in town, but this place is miles ahead of the competition in both price and quality. OH and did I mention, there's freakin' beer here on tap? That's right, enjoy the Valley's best sandwich along with a brewskie? 'Hello God, are you there? It's me Margaret' status up in this joint. Happy hour is from 3-7 and has some INSANE deals. Don't pass this baby up.
4	Eating healthy is great, but hard to find around here for a reasonable price. We shared the Surfin' Bird 12" sub sandwich - can we say Yum?! It was $13 for it, but the quality was well worth it.When they guy, i think the owner, says it was pretty big to feed the 2 of us...he wasn't kidding. Granted my husband can eat a whole foot long subway sandwich himself, he ate half of this bird along with 1/4 of my half... and he was full. The sub alone is packed with enough turkey, bacon, avocado, cream cheese, and lettuce to feed almost 2 1/2 peeps. Not only is the bread super soft and fresh, but the bacon...oh the bacon - it was soo crispy, just how i like it. The only thing it lacked was not enough peppercinni's (which i love the kick in my subs), and the service can use help as we waited longer (for just sandwiches) than we anticipated. Can't imagine how long the wait would be if there were more than 6 customers in this place.We hope they don't change the portion of their food down later on, as they are still new.  Can't wait to try the other subs and pizza's! I would recommend adding some desserts or other alcoholic drinks in that place cause it's soo big.
4	The food quality here is on point! The portions are HUGE, and you do get your money's worth. I ordered a small size Pig Kahuna sandwich. It sure was a Kahuna because for a small portion it was huge! Mmmmhmmm....I love me some pulled pork. The sandwich was just FULL of flavor and the pinapple toppings went well with the sandwich. There was so much juice and fillings on the sandwich that I even ate it with a fork. So, if you're down to get al ittle messy. Eat it by hand. If not, I'd reccommend using a fork to defeat the Kahuna.We also ordered the Surfin' Cow. This was also a great choice. Cream cheese? What a twist to a sandwich. They also added what seemed like a full avocado on there. Who doesn't love avocado. This was also full of flavor and the roast beef was nice and tender.The service was a-ok. The girls were still getting the jist of everything so the service just needs a little work. The only thing I didn't appreciate was the cashier saying, "Now what?" I don't know about you, but never have I ever gone to an establishment where a server or cashier spoke to me that way, nor do I ever go to a place expecting someone to speak to me that way. Our order took a little longer than normal to come, but the gentleman who worked there was nice enough to offer us complementary drinks and chips for the wait. So I thought it was nice of him to reach out.Theo ther cool thing is is they also have a bar with a wonderful selection of beer I think there was IPA, Shock Top, and some more I couldn't remember. The establishment is very clean and well decorated. It's a very fun and hip place, with a college hang out feel to it. They also provide flat screens for people to enjoy watching that big game!
4	What could I say about Beach Hut Deli sandwiches? Quality. Big. No, huge portions. Order a small and you'll be fine. I am fine for TWO days in fact because a small sandwich can be two lunches for me. Fun, cool island vibe and awesome staff. Oh - brewskis if you want them. Yes, I just said brewskis. Haha.I used to visit BHD in Reno when I was in college. I remember the shop opening up and daaaaaaaaayum the sandwiches were good. They're still good today. I was so happy to hear there was a location that opened up here.I came in during Noon-time and it actually wasn't even that busy which was surprising, but they must get some good crowds for their happy hour. YES. This sandwich shop has a happy hour.I had the flying pig, which has pretty much everything I love in a sandwich. Tasty ham, bacon, avocado, cream cheese, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and thin cut red onions. GAH. I am salivating right now. Order it hot. Or not. Both ways are good.My only issue is this... since there are so very many sandwich places in this particular area it's kind of hard to choose the best. But even though I love BHD, I think Firehouse Subs is better, but that's just my particular taste. Mainly I pick Firehouse over BHD because of the perfect sizing of their sandwiches. Firehouse's sandwiches can actually fit in my mouth, um, as dirty as that sounds. And they are easier to eat. But really, both places are better than Subway or POS. BHD - I will be back.
5	How good is it? I came here 3 times in one day.... We stopped in for a bite because I saw it as a new place on yelp. Once we got inside I saw the several tap handles of beer.... Oooo this place is getting even better. The wait staff was very laid back and friendly. I had the Marley Nachos and they were AWESOME!!! So much avocado! After eating I had to run an errand in the same parking lot and it was hot. So on my way back I stopped back in a second time for another beer. While there we Struck up a conversation with the owner. He was a VERY nice guy and treated us like we were long lost friends. So after leaving again we had some friends come to town who were hungry...... BACK TO THE BEACH HUT. They were impressed with the place as well. Great Vibe. I was told they have live music so I will be back to check that out!
4	My first Yelp review. Growing up in NY/NJ, I'm probably a foodie elitist so I apologize if I come off as obnoxious:Vegas is definitely devoid of top-knotch sandwich shops.  Even the best ones have this sort of mass-produced quality.  Being used to "mom and pop" sandwich shops where everything is made on premises I'm pretty picky.  I do have to say that this place is pretty darn good.  It reminds me a little of Johnny McGuires at Town Square. The bread, meats and toppings are all good quality with very original sandwich concoctions.  While it still has that mass-produced feel, relatively speaking it's definitely one of the standouts in Las Vegas/Henderson.  They don't shy away from the amount of meat and try to just drown out the sandwich in toppings like a lot of sub shops do.  You definitely get your money's worth and I'll definitely return. I ordered the "Santa Cruz" sans the Avocado.  Good meat, great bacon and loved having cream cheese on the sandwich.
5	Hands down VERY BEST sandwich shop in Henderson and Vegas that I have ever been to (20 year resident). Food is awesome, fresh, BIG, not expensive. Employees are the best. Nice happy hour. Good music (live bands sometimes). Very friendly atmosphere. Eco-conscious practices! Cups are made of a bio-plastic that uses sugars from corn and food-waste instead of oil! 60% reduction in carbon footprint AND they can go in a landfill and biodegrade. Owner Steve is simply awesome. Say hi to him, he's usually there. Olivia and Psalm working this night. Friendly and cool as usual! Thanks ladies! Free super fast wi-fi, so nice place to sit and work for awhile. Highly recommended!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Beach Hut Deli!!!!!! My coworkers and myself go here often for lunch and are always satisfied. These sandwiches are the real deal, from my daughters favorite "spicolli" to the best sandwich on the menu, the "Drakester". The service and family feeling that this restaurant demonstrates makes my friends, family and myself want to eat here often, oh and the excellent sandwiches help!!! My goal is to try every sandwich they offer, so far I have tried 8 different ones. I recommend the Drakester first and foremost followed by the Shark Bite!! The Drakester is a hot turkey sandwich with melted pepper jack cheese, creem cheese and a couple of green chilis all on toasted sour dough bread. By far the best sandwich I have ever had. Oh and the plates that the meal comes on is a frisbee, kids 8 and under get to keep em!!
4	Beach Hut Deli seemed to be all the rage at work, so a bunch of us decided to go one day and it was the best decision ever! There is a really cool island vibe inside, surf boards on the walls and your sandwiches are served on Frisbees. I love the automatic doors and the giant menu on the wall so you can decide what you want without holding up the line. I have since been here about 3 times and look forward to coming back again really soon. On my first visit I went for the classic, surfin bird. When it arrived it was so large I wasn't sure how I was going to eat it. You definitely want to stick to the small! The sandwich had great flavor and everything really worked together perfectly. I was a little worried about the slices of cream cheese, but it added a nice creamy texture to the sandwich. On my next visit I split the Spicolli with a friend and we were a bit disappointed. The ticket machine stopped working so we waited a little longer than normal and then the sandwich didn't have much flavor. We could taste the turkey and bacon, but not the ranch which would have really tied the flavors together. I came again the next day for lunch with my husband and fell in love with the Hobie. This classic Italian sub really did it for me. I loved the Italian dressing and all of the flavors really worked perfectly together. I also really love the Dirty brand potato chips that they sell, they are super delicious and a perfect crunchy compliment to any sandwich.This is easily one of the best sandwiches that you will find in Las Vegas. I love that their sandwiches all have a twist, rather than being the same old sandwiches you get anywhere. They definitely have a signature style and flavor profile and I am a huge fan. I am already excited for my next visit!
4	Another lunch spot diamond. This place has really good sandwiches. Even the hot dogs are great here. If they could get the license to open a full size bar this could be a happening spot. I have only been here for lunch and would love to come for dinner with drinks. The servers are really pretty and nice. The flavors are well blended. If you get the cream-cheese spread they put on the sandwiches, it can be overwhelming so ask for it light and you should be good.
1	Just had the santa cruz sandwich with pasatrami and bacon.  Pastrami was really good, but the bun was very soggy   and there was no cream cheese on it.  Very expensive 9 dollars for a small sub.  Very disapointed .  Will not be going back.
5	Awesome sandwiches. Steve, the manager, is such a great guy. Excellent service. And live music on fridays! Super fun for the family to go to. And they have really good craft brew on tap. I recommend the santa cruz or the surfin bird. But seriously, every sandwich we've tried so far is so full of meat and toppings, they're all amazing. Not to mention the genius addition of cream cheese to various sandwiches. Check it out if you're in the area!
5	The staff here are some of the nicest I have encountered in all of Vegas. They all seem to enjoy being here and welcome you to stop in for their open mic night on the weekends. This place has a great vibe to it, the music is turned up and the screens all have something worth watching. Really relaxing and welcoming. The food definitely did not disappoint. I had the Pig Kahuna and it was massive. I wished I would of ordered something with some veggies in it but to be honest I enjoyed piggin out. Definitely give this place a shot. Great atmosphere, great and friendly service, delicious & well priced food. 5 Stars for sure.
5	Deli with a burger atmosphere, if that makes any sense.  Located in the heart of what I call "Restaurant Row" on Eastern Ave.  This places doesn't disappoint.  I was very satisfied to say the least. Originally was going to get some grub at BJ's, which is located in the same parking lot.  But a co-worker suggested this place and swears by it. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the decor. Kind of cheesy with the "try hard" beach theme.  Almost reminded me of someone having a beach theme house party. The second thing I noticed was the huge menu on the wall and multiple flat panel TV's. Staff was great and if you don't know what to get, they'll suggest something for you. Just let them know it's your first time. I got the Drakster, which is basically a Turkey Melt.  But there was nothing basic about this sandwich. About 10 oz of sliced turkey and melted cheese all in a grilled piece of bread.  Sandwich was huge and worth the $10.  I'm a dipper and had to cut the sandwich in a couple of pieces just so I can dip it.  Your sandwich is also brought to your table in a frisbee used as a plate.  I actually thought the frisbee was a giveaway just like those old school happy meals.  You know, the meals that came inside those plastic boats.  Who doesn't remember that.  Back to the sandwich, the best. My only issue is that the booths are a bit tight.  Your table is a surf board, which is small for a table top.  You'll find yourself bumping knees with whoever you're eating with.  Might be a good thing depending who your company is. TIP 1:  It's probably a crime to add any condiments since the sandwiches are good as is.  But if you need any, ask them in advance.  That goes for any silverware too.  This place doesn't have a separate place for this. TIP 2:  Portions are big.  Yes, this place doesn't skimp.  Order a regular if you're use to a foot long Subway Sandwhich.  If you're a hungry man like me, order their large.TIP 3:  Open mic on the weekends??  Friend suggested I come back on the weekends to do my best American Idol impression.  Yeah right, but will come back to enjoy.Definitely will be back.  I'm in this area a lot and can't wait to try different sandwich.
1	Would have loved to try one of their sandwiches but after waiting over 25 min (no joke) we asked for a refund. No one behind the counter seemed to know what was going on. They werent that busy when we got there but they kept giving out other peoples sandwiches. After i complained for waiting to long they I heard the guy get mad cause she gave my sandwich away. There was a guy that ordered before us that waited 45 min and they did the same thing to him after he complained. Three of us ended up asking for a refund and ended up leaving hungry. I have never been to a sandwich shop so disorganized. Will not be returning since I had to return to work late with no sandwich
3	Food was deliciousI love the atmosphereI could do with out the girls wearing bikinis though, I just felt sorry for them. The service was a bit slowAll in all I would recommend to my friends.
5	Ummmm all I can say is YUUUMMM! the Malibu with a great white is where its at! Moved about a month ago and i miss this place. Best sandwiches in town by far!!!!
4	Took my second trip to BHD recently and it was better than the first.  This time, smartly I might add, I brought my wife so we could get two sammies and split.  We went with the Spicolli (delish turkey breast, bacon, ranch, lettuce, french roll) and the Skinny Dipper (roast beef, melted cheddar, onions, mayo and au jus).  I'd be hard pressed to tell you which one I liked better.  Traditional french dips I come across seem to be lazy and played out.  The beef isn't what it should be and it's just another sandwich.  Here the beef and cheese are in perfect harmony - and there isn't so much mayo that it's over-bearing and oozing out.  The only bummer is that I liked each sandwich so much I'd be afraid to try a different one.Other pluses - they serve beer and have several HD TVs (with sports on).  I also believe they have free wifi because the first time I went there was a big group of guys doing a fantasy football draft.
5	Pretty good sandwich! People was nice there. I ordered a small and it was more than enough. They give you A LOT. Definitely worth the price tag. Am a fan.
5	Just happened to see the Beach Hut sign as I left BJ'S one night. I got really excited. This place is originally from my home town in Northern California. Some of the best and biggest sandwiches you'll ever have. I recommend the old favorite "Surfin' Bird" or if you're feeling like something really different try the "Woody" or the "Pig Kahuna". Everything here is amazing. You can't go wrong. Also, if you like good beer, try "Eye of the Hawk". This is one of the coolest locations I've ever been to. Lots of seating, including a large outdoor area that is great for lounging. They also have a few TV's, darts and beer pong available.
5	;)
3	The sandwiches were pretty impressive on the first visit to this cute beach themed place. The pig kahuna that my husband ordered had bbq pork that was sweetened and topped with chunks of juicy pineapple. My "small" sized sandwich, if you want to call it that had pastrami, bacon and cream cheese which was stacked pretty high. All the sandwich combos sounded great and tasted really good. There is no table service. You order and pay at the counter and your food is brought out to you.   The staff was friendly and helpful, met and chatted with the owner who was really enthusiastic and come to find out he also grew up in the Bay Area.  But subsequent visits here were a tad disappointing.  I met up with a friend of mine for lunch few days later.  I ordered a different sandwich, Haole Pizza and my friend had the Santa Cruz.  I don't know mine tasted too salty, maybe it was because it was the meats weren't the best quality. But even the presentation was a bit sloppy, like it was just thrown together and same went for my friends sandwich, it was just thrown together, unlike how mine looked originally.  It also took awhile for the sandwiches to be done because there were 3 orders ahead of us first and only 2 ladies working the counter. Maybe because it was different staff??  So this visit wasn't quite as impressive as the first. And I was disappointed because I dragged my friend here, when we would've gone somewhere else that day.I came back couple weeks later again for lunch and ordered one of the  sandwiches we had in the first place, the Pig Kahuna and this time around I had the Surfin Cow.  Now that was pretty good, the lean roast beef stacked high, but Mr. B's sandwich, the  Pig Kahuna wasn't as impressive this time around.  It was drowned more in sauce and just had a few pineapple chunks that dotted his sandwich. It tasted just way too salty as well because of all the sauce. He was fine with it, but I just have a thing for when there is  lack of consistency when your food is prepared.  So I havent been really motivated to come back as of late.  Sorry.
5	One of the best sandwich shops in town. ..The pig kahuna is incredible! Everyone there is really nice and the set up is cool. Not the cheapest sandwich shop in town but definitely worth the money. Ive been twice now and will go back a lot more!
3	I wasn't as impressed with Beach Hut as many of my fellow yelpers are. I walked in at about 12:30 p.m. and grabbed a menu and sat down, browsing yelp suggestions and hungrily mulling over the menu. I finally decided on the "Surfin' Bird" sandwich (turkey, avocado, bacon and cream cheese). The menu says alfalfa sprouts are available on request. I requested them and was informed that they were out. Before I ordered, the lady in front of me was informed that they were out of chicken and roast beef. How can a deli run out of these things? I'm not sure. About 20 minutes later (seriously, 20 minutes to make a COLD sandwich that has 4 main ingredients?), my sandwich was ready. I grabbed it and left because I was slightly annoyed with the general attitude of employees. There were three employees and maybe four customers, including myself, waiting for sandwiches. The employees looked like they were just hanging out at work, not being very friendly or helpful and didn't seem to be putting too much effort into making my sandwich in less than 20 minutes. When I finally bit into the sandwich, I was very unimpressed with the quality of turkey. It tasted like watered down, pre-sliced, prepackaged turkey from a family pack of processed meat from Walmart. Seriously. THE MEAT makes the sandwich -  not the cream cheese (which I didn't really enjoy too much either) or the various lettuce/tomato/onion toppings. I don't like slimy deli meat. If you do, this is your place?I wanted to love this sandwich, particularly since everyone raves about it and loves the unique cream cheese addition. But, I didn't love it.  I actually didn't like it very much either. I probably won't be back. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, maybe they had an off day, maybe it doesn't usually take 20 minutes to make a sandwich when there are three employees and literally four people in the restaurant, and maybe $10 is a fair price to pay for a small sub (NOT!!!). But, probably not.
3	The 3 stars are strictly for the atmosphere! Love the surf board tables, the frisbee plates & the Bob Marley music! However...I didn't go for all that. Went for a simple pastrami sandwich & I left sleepy & hungry. Sleepy...I know you're wondering! Well, I had to wait at least 30 minutes to get my sandwich...and it was not the least bit crowded in there. Hungry...I know you're wondering about that too! Well, it was nasty. Too much hype. Should have gone to BJs as planned.
5	So I accidently stumbled upon this place while in a rush and starving for something super quick. Well I was very suprised!Service: I walked in and was greeted with smiles! The guys behind the counter were not only super friendly but hilairous and had personality! You could tell they really enjoyed the food, they were either stoner surfer guys or total foodies; either way their passion for the place itself made be very content. They told me about the trivia nights, live bands and drink specials so I will def. be back. Over all the atmospere that those guys created was great (and I was only there for 10 minutes).Food: Amazing! I forgot the exact name of the sandwich I had but it had hot pastrami, cream cheese and avacado...SOLD!I will def. be back to really sit with a cold beer and enjoy the music!
5	I loved it! And great beers on tap!
4	Great first trip, I passed two sandwich shops on the way over including one a few doors down from this one and so happy I did. We got turkey and provolone and a tuna sub - both excellent but we both agreed the turkey won. Cheapskates might not like it since you can't get a footling for 5$ but for people like me who value quality over quantity definitely stop by! I would have given 5 stars but the pasta salad had an odd pickling flavor I couldn't place and didn't care for. I loved that a sandwich could get as creative or as plain as you liked since some sandwich shops are trending toward mashing any flavor combinations that come to mind. Super friendly staff and a completely casual atmosphere are perfect for a surf side sandwich shop feel. The space is huge too so lots of room to spread out.
2	Well I was there last Sunday and waited almost 20 minutes for two sandwiches.  The roast beef was acceptable but the turkey was low grade.  If they are charging 10 bucks for a sandwich it better have fresh carved meat not something I can buy in a pre-wrapped package at the supermarket.  I think this place can be great but they need to fix their speed and quality of meats.  I will likely go elsewhere next time unless they improve.
5	This place is freaking amazing. Go here, try everything, get a beer, sit on the patio (if it's nice outside of course) and enjoy yourself. My boyfriend and I recently went here seeking amazing sandwiches and they delivered!!! We ordered beers, sat on the patio when the weather was perfect, and listened to Jack Johnson and Bob Marley which really made us really feel like we were by the beach... The food is delicious!!!! YUM!!!!!!
5	Just drove by and saw the place and had to give it a try and I'm glad i did it was amazing probably the best sandwich iv ever had! I will defiantly be going back.
5	I love the open area beach concept of this location!  Even though it is in a "Strip Mall" type environment you can really get the beach feel.  The menu is posted on the wall, so I felt it was a bit hard to read, however they do have a paper version if you would like. The menu has many options from hot & cold sandwiches to salads.  They also have the calories listed so if you are watching the waistline, you can make a choice based on that!  The Surfing Bird sandwich I had on the Garlic and Cheese Sourdough bread was a huge helping of a sandwich!  I could have easily taken half home but it was so yummy that I ate it all!  It included the following fresh ingredients of turkey, avocado, bacon and cream cheese.  The cream cheese and bacon combo was delightful!  I wonder why I had never thought of that before!   They do offer beer as well!  I'm planning on coming back some evening with a group of friend to sit relax and enjoy!
5	Tried this place for the first time yesterday. Had a hard time deciding because they all sounded delicious. Had the "Malibu" and would definitely recommend it if you're a fan of pastrami!
3	This was good--I need killer bread on a sub to call a place "great", but when it comes to being generous with the toppings, Beach Hut Deli is in front of the pack.  As you walk in, there is a large menu posted on the left hand side of the room. Decide there and move to the register to order. I was dining with a group of low-carbers so each of them ordered their meals with no bread. Apparently at BHD that is code for "make me a lettuce wrap". My sandwich was LARGE. Check the photos from this place. They are not skimpy on the ingredients by any means. I had extra vegetables on my wheat sub and had to pull it apart to start to eat. There was nothing outstanding about the bread or the turkey. In fact, the bread fell apart quite a bit as I was eating. It made for a messy, but satisfying meal. I don't think I have had a sandwich with so much vegetable topping on it anywhere else. They did not season the sandwich (that I could tell) much and the side of Italian dressing was necessary for me to enjoy the meal. I think the best thing about BHD is how much care they put in their wraps. The low-carbers were VERY satisfied with their meals. One low-carber even had a hot dog wrapped in a bunch of veg and lettuce. I didn't have the heart to post that very odd looking photo. Sorry Mike T. Often when I order wraps the food is messily falling out of the wrap. No so at BHD; they know how to deal with the no-bread issue. All in all, the food was solid and plentiful. I appreciate the value and I will be back.
5	This place is sooo good! My boyfriend ordered the hobie and I ordered the surfing pig! They were both sooo good! The small sandwich was big enough to fill me up! Yes it might be pricier than subway, but you can taste the difference. The only thing I did not like was the potato salad; it wasn't horrible, but I was different. The girls working were very sweet, the atmosphere was good and the food was great! I definitely will be back soon!
5	I found my newest addiction this week. Beach Hut Deli! Originally I was going to eat at the Spicy Pickle down the street but found out it was closed. I pulled up good ole yelp on my phone and started to look for something nearby. All I had to do was look at the pictures of the sandwiches to know I wanted to eat at Beach Hut Deli.  Upon walking in I felt like I was at the beach and that was cool by me. There were surfboards decorated on the walls and even some of the tabletops were shaped like a surfboard. The menu is on the wall and I had a hard time deciding what I wanted to try. I ordered a small "Santa Cruz" priced at $8.25 and it had pastrami, avocado, bacon and cream cheese. I got it with everything so it also included mayo, mustard, pickle, tomato, onion, greek peppers and cheese. This sandwich was SO good! I had to get a fork because the insides were just falling out. They didn't skimp on the sandwich at all. I will order this again without a doubt. Hubby ordered a large "Pastrami Sandwich" priced at $12.95 and it just had pastrami, cheese and mustard. He loved it! They have bottled soda or for $2 you can get a cup for the fountain machine that gives you unlimited refills for that visit. Honestly you could easily share a sandwich with someone too they look small in some of the pictures but I assure you they are chocked full. The food was delivered on a frisbee for a plate!They have a patio area and a happy hour menu Mon-Fri. The sign inside said they currently offer happy hour all day long on Sundays. They have plenty of tv's on the walls too. They also offer catering and party trays or boxed lunches. If you haven't tried Beach Hut Deli yet and love GOOD sandwiches then stop by!
4	Really glad we happen to find this place when we were driving around from the gym. Our sandwiches were soooo good! Lots of choices,Super cute vibe and the restaurant is huge! Love that they have outdoor seating and serve beer if you're in the mood. I only wish they had more bread options. For example we were hoping to put our sandwiches in a wrap rather than a roll but they only do lettuce wraps. We ended up choosing a thin wheat bread and it was great!!
1	I recall the first time I ever came here. I was excited because of the Yelp reviews and was glad that it was located so close to my house. I remember ordering the Pig Kahuna. The sandwich was boring and I think I only ordered it because it was the only one without cream cheese. The description for the sandwich sounded so good but did not meet expectations. Nothing special about the sandwich. I've returned to try other items about 2-3 times since then and even come here to see some local bands perform. I've come to the realization that the sandwiches are just big sandwiches with cream cheese. They're really bland and they try to cover them in sauce to make them taste like anything. I don't understand how this place is rated so highly. The sandwiches are so heavy. I guess that's what people like though. Ironically, they provide a calorie count. These numbers are not small at all. They're around 800+ calories. That made me want to eat there less. I know that most people aren't health nuts like myself but that just sounds disgusting to me. If it's going to be unhealthy, at least make it taste amazing so that it's worth the excess fat.
5	This place is simply THE BEST Sandwhich place. I love me some Panera, Capriotti's, Port of Subs, Firehouse, and even Subway. This is the Rolls Royce of Sandwhich shops! Great portions, amazing and fresh toppings.  The service is great, they are all so pretty ;) I had tha Santa Cruz which is pastrami, avocado, bacon and cream cheese, and I'm pretty sure angel dust. It was heavenly! I can't wait to go back. My co-worker had the Haole Cheese Steak which is hot roast beef, Monterey jack, cream cheese, onions and peppers with a special spicy marinade, and nearly had to change his pants from excitement...This place. I'm a fan. I was able to eat my huge sandwhich for Lunch, and Dinner. Please support this amazing establishment, I know I plan to.
5	When I discovered this place, I knew I could no longer eat at the sandwhich chain that promotes healthy eating and weight loss. There's nothing healthy about having a sandwhich that has a huge chunk of cream cheese and regular cheese and mayo...and I freaking love it!!! My taste buds are happy little campers every time I leave this place.My two favorites are the surfin' cow and Santa Cruz. Each sandwhich is packed full of meat and veggies, like freaking huge. I always have them add sprouts to the sandwhich, it gives it that extra kick for me. I always get the sandwhiches toasted. Super yummy, especially with the cream cheese.My only bad experience was when they accidentally left the bacon out of my sandwhich. Instead of bringing the bacon on a small plate or a napkin, the guy just came over to my table and handed it to me with his bare hands. Ummm, can you say gross? I just didn't eat it. But I love this place and I will be back:)
4	In a desperate search for a weekend lunch change of pace, we remembered Beach Hut and moseyed over. The restaurant itself is much more substantial than I expected. When I think "sandwich place", the setup of Subway and Quizno's comes to mind. Beach Hut is an entirely different ballgame. It's big, with tons of seating, both indoor and out. It reminds me a lot of Rubio's in feel. The menu is enormous, so I definitely suggest giving it a quick once-over before you go. At first blush, the sandwiches seem a bit pricey (the low end is $7.50 for a small), but, in this glorious case, you totally get what you pay for! They are totally up for customizing your sandwich, which is awesome. You order at the counter, then your food is brought to you at your table. They do have a bar as well. The sandwiches were seriously delicious. I had a North Shore and Boyfriend had a Surfin Bird, minus the cheese and bacon. We got them to go and seriously contemplated weighing the to-go bag once we got home. We completely forgot, but I swear, those two sandwiches must have weighed like 3 pounds. So, so worth it. The only negative here is the service. They just don't seem to have everything 100% together. From where we were sitting, I could see the sandwich assembly and watched them put ingredients on our sandwiches that we didn't want, then take them off. The sandwiches were then brought to us on trays, even though we had asked for them to-go. They repackaged them in a bag for us, with a bit of an attitude. However, this is one of those rare occasions where the food is good enough to overshadow some sub-par service.
1	I was really impressed with this place when I first walked in the door. This changed really fast after placing my order.First; $21 for two small sandwiches and two sodas. WAY OVERPRICED!Second, the cool surf board table were inviting but the table were dirty and covered in trash and red baskets so we didn't get to sit at one. Third, these were two of the sloppiest sandwiches I have ever seen. My sandwich fell apart as soon as I picked it up. The bacon was as hard as a rock. It actually hurt my teeth to crunch it. The cream cheese that came in the sandwich was hard and clumpy, not spread like it should have been. I'm sure the sandwich would have tasted better had it not been for the burnt bacon and the frozen cream cheese.My last, and biggest problem was the lack of professionalism from the employees. I only saw one girl working. The others were standing around, goofing off. Three of the girls were drinking a beer at the bar.I'm not interested in eating at a restaurant where the employees don't care about their customers.I will not return to this establishment. Too bad, because it looks really cool and has tons of potential.
4	Fantastic sandwiches!  Their prices are higher than your average sandwich shop but you definitely your money's worth. They pack each sandwich full of high quality meats and vegetables and the bread is soft and delicious. I'm not easily impressed by most sandwich places but this one made my top 5.
4	Probably one of the best sandwiches I've had. Very friendly staff, clean restaurant. On top of the great food, where else can you enjoy $2 happy hour pints?!?
2	Deli Sandwiches and great beer. I should love this place, but I struck out. Again and again, first it closes way too early. So, it took a few attempts to try them when open. Then, finally, the stars aligned. The number of sandwich choices is a bit overwhelming. Most reviews raved over the cream cheese on the sandwiches since I don't dig cream cheese I was left uncertain on what to order. We asked for recommendations and settled on the turkey, avocado, bacon and provolone ($7.50 sm) and the pulled pork splashed with Tabasco BBQ sauce, cheddar and pineapple ($10.50). They have Kona on tap which is a huge win! We ordered two beers ($7.90 each). Rather than the cashier informing us it was happy hour, I happened to catch the sign in just the nick of time. He corrected the order, and we got 2-for-1 beers. Yeah! While we waited for our sandwich we admired the atmosphere and enjoyed our beers. We love the laid back beach atmosphere. Our sandwiches were brought over on Frisbees - love it. We dug into our sandwiches - didn't love it. The bread was thick, dense and while sturdy it wasn't too tasty. They lay it on thick so these are sandwiches for hearty appetites. However, the blend of fillings didn't thrill us. The turkey tasted purely like mustard, the avocado would shoot out the side every time I took a bite. It was difficult to eat about 1/2 way thru I gave up. The pork was ok, but it was ruined by the tabasco BBQ sauce. There was so much of it there was no way to escape it. It completely overpowered any taste of cheddar or pineapple. Perhaps we chose poorly, but these sandwiches came highly recommended. I'm not sure that I'd return to try others. It's a real shame because the beer options are fantastic. It'd be better if this was primarily a bar.2.5 stars
2	I really wanted to like this location.  I mean I REALLLLYYYY wanted to like this spot.  I grew up near Beach Hut in northern Cali and it quickly was one of my favorite lunch spots of all time.   I was stoked when I moved to NV and saw that they had a Beach Hut, it was one of the first places I had to go eat.  Upon arriving, I gave my order to a worker that I'm not sure knew where he was.  There are certain things I like on a sandwich and certain things I don't, usually it's not complicated and this was no exception.  Somehow just ordering turned into an approx 10 min ordeal.  I wish I could explain how it took so long to just go through what I wanted and what I didn't, but unfortunately I went through the process of repeating it twice (very slowly) and he still seemed confused.  The sandwich came out after another 10 min wait and was awesome, the food here I truly can't knock, it really is good.The next time going here was fairly uneventful luckily (which truly should be expected at anywhere I go).  There was a longer than normal wait considering my order was the only one they were making, but the food made up for it.My next trip here really bothered me to the point that I don't wish to go back.  I want to say, I DON'T mind waiting if the food is worth it, I may get a little annoyed considering there's typically no cooking for a sandwich, but I'll deal with it and be happy.  So upon walking in, I head right to the counter and give my order for a To-Go order.  Based on my previous experiences with Beach Hut in general, I know it'll take 5-10 minutes at least.  After being outside for maybe a minute or two tops, a young girl calls my name and tells me that my order is ready, which I found out.  I asked if she was sure it was mine which she tells me "yes", I repeat back what I ordered just to make sure because this seemed unusually quick.  She again tells me that it's mine while looking slightly annoyed.  Unfortunately I feel like somehow it's my fault for not trusting my gut instinct and actually opening up the sandwich and checking to make sure it was right.   So fast forward to 15-20 drive home and opening up "my" sandwich... well... i think you can guess that it wasn't mine.  If it was just a minor screw up like the same # but with/without onions I would be ok with it, but unfortunately this was just completely a different sandwich.  I don't prefer to have mustard and this thing was loaded up.  Normally I'd chalk it up to just a normal error like when Fast Food happens to toss the wrong item on your burger, but this just doesn't have the same feel to it.  If there was more people inside ordering at the time I could understand just tossing the wrong sandwich in the wrong bag, unfortunately there was only 1 other person ordering and that was after me.  Best guess is they screwed up someone's sandwich and found a quick way to get rid of it.  I'm sure in the future I'll break down and give this place another shot based on my love affairs with the ones from my home town, but I just don't see it happening anytime soon.  It's been 3 months since my last time here and I don't know when I'll try it again.The food really is great and based on that alone I want to rate this 5 stars, just the employees/service bring this one down so badly to the point I feel 1.5/2 stars is appropriate.
5	Excellent spot for some refreshing food in the Vegas heat. The staff is super polite and were so helpful with my toddler getting her some juice and giving her a free grilled cheese when her finicky toddler tastes weren't up for the sandwich we ordered her. THANK YOU!!!
5	What's not to like about Beach Hut Deli? Cool beach theme decoration, nice spacious interior and outdoor area, cold beer, delicious food, and large portions. Am I a fan?HELL YEAH!!You can call them a "chain" which is why I usually passed on the lunch invites, but I probably wouldn't now. If you did though think of a Subway or Quiznos but on steroids. I ordered The Pig Kahuna, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beach-hut-deli-las-vegas?select=rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg#rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg they should call it the Big Kahuna at least that's what I called it when I placed my order.  A pile of pulled pork covered in a sweet, kind of mild BBQ sauce, melted cheddar cheese, and chunks of pineapple in a French roll.  I had the hardest time picking up The Pig Kahuna and taking a bite that I started to use a fork and knife to attack it.  It was delicious and put a smile on my face. They have other healthier sandwiches and other dishes which seemed big also.They also have daily happy hour specials which run from 3 pm to 6 pm. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beach-hut-deli-las-vegas?select=rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg#_G9o8Wiph6vpLOdvXc0u2g and the happiest hour 3 pm to 4 pm for $1 pints.  Did I mention that they have a lot of TV? Great place to watch a sporting event.
4	I eat here pretty regularly. They have huge sandwiches, I can barely finish a small. The service is great, and it's pretty healthy food. I like that they post the calories of each sandwich on the menu. I'm a big fan of the surfin' bird. The outdoor seating is nice, but sometimes gets invaded with smokers. Great price for the quality and amount of food you get.
4	I've been here a couple of times now. It seems to be the sandwich spot we take people to when they want a yummy filling sandwich to eat. I love sandwiches and this spot is great. It has the things I love in most of the selections. Cream cheese and avocado! It's a big sandwich and stuffed with a lot of meat. The surfin bird is my favorite! My bfs favorite is the Pig Kahuna. Both are delicious. It is so filling! It's a bit on the pricey side but it is worth to get SO MUCH.
4	Another great find! Beach Hut Deli is tucked away behind BJ'S.  We strolled in Saturday evening.  It wasn't very busy so we had our choice of seating.  We were greeted immediately.  He was very helpful with the menu and checked on us during the meal.  Fantastic service! Food was prepared and brought to us in no time! With three of us, we agreed to try the Marley Nachos.  Thank goodness there there was just more than myself to eat this. It was a huge huge order of nachos.  They were topped with cheese, tomatoes, onions, peppers, cream cheese, avacado and bacon! Delicious!My choice for a sandwich was the Beach Bikini.  It has turkey, cream cheese, cranberry sauce, sunflower seeds, alfalfa sprouts on sliced wheat.  OH YUM! It was a first for me to have sunflower seeds on my sandwich. I loved it! Combined with the sprouts and the sweetness of cranberry, this sandwich checked all of the boxes on my list! The guys had the large North Shore and the Spicolli.  The large north shore had three kinds of meat that was stacked! He couldn't finish it but had great leftovers for tomorrow! The Spicolli was great as well.  Turkey, cheese and bacon... My husband loves anything with bacon! Needless to say, the guys gave two thumbs up for their meals.  ;-)The place itself has a great island/beach feel that is open and airy with plenty of indoor and outside patio seating.  There are smaller tv's above the booths and large tvs for those games you just can't miss. We loved our dining experience here and will be back!
4	Was hungry for something pastrami based and with enough meat to tell what you are eating. Two words...Santa Cruz. Fresh bread, generous toppings and a pile of meat. Carnivores will go away content. I really hate to say this but move over Capriotti's and Weiss. Also check out their happy hour specials. Nice selection on tap. Okay only thing preventing that fifth star is they have coke products and I am a Pepsi person. Will be a regular stop, you bet. Forgot to mention staff was great, answered questions and offered suggestions. Great lunch experience! Look forward to hitting a couple happy hours...32oz craft beer for $4, move over Barley's.... Nah can't go that far.
4	Sandwiches that give Capriotti's a run for its money in portion size and flavor.  Good service and decor plus having beers on tap is great.  The early closing times are a major let down.  It's like riding the bonzai pipeline only for your friend to knock the board out from under you.
4	One word. Cream cheese. Eh, two words, I guess. Ha. If you don't like cream cheese - you probably won't like this too much. I mean, yes they have sandwiches  that don't have cream cheese - but a majority do. And yes, you can ask for them without the cream cheese - but why mess with their signature creations? Portion sizes are pretty good. I get pretty full after eating one sandwich. I will admit though, I had one fatty day at that place. My friend and I couldn't decide - so we both ordered one sandwich and another one to share, plus the Marley Nachos to start with. Damn, i was full. I'm not a big fan of taking leftovers - nor do I like throwing away food, so I forced myself to eat everything. It was one of the best worst decisions I've made. The Marley nachos (onions, peppers, avocado, cream cheese, bacon and a few other items) sounded delicious. Kind of disappointed. It wasn't as good as it sounded or as I was hoping. I probably wouldn't get them again, but they weren't disgusting. Just wasn't my style - but my friend loved it. I'll leave it to you to decide. The Santa Cruz (pastrami, avocado, bacon, and cream cheese) is definitely one of my favorites. How can you go wrong with any of those items? In a strip mall, that's filled with at least 6 other places to eat - beach hut is definitely a stand out. Do yourself a favor and try it out.
5	This place is great! The sandwiches are delicious and inventive. They have a nice draft beer selection and patio area.
5	So good!! Awesome variety of toasted subs. The bread was perfect. They had a ton of options. And best of all, they had options that were different than the million other sub shops out there. They had a big screen and a comfy couch, so we got to watch some baseball playoffs while we waited for our subs to come out. So worth it!
5	Delious veggie sub! The Monteray is so tasty and I could only finish half a size medium! Great bread and about 2 avocados on my sub! Huge!
4	I'm a meat eater through and through, so why would I find myself craving a vegetarian sandwich ? The "California" at Beach Hut Deli is amazing. Loaded up with Avocado and Alfalfa sprouts, full of flavor and freshness. Sandwiches are HUGE, ingredients fresh. The Marley Nachos are great and remind me of BLT flavors in a good way.The only caveat would be that their "assembly line" could be optimized a bit better to cut down on waiting time if it's busy.
5	Everything about this place rocks my world! The atmosphere is casual and friendly! It has indoor and outdoor seating, TV's for the sports fans, and the food is delicious!  I don't think I can make sandwiches at home anymore (and I make a pretty good sammich!) It is so much better to get one from Beach Hut! They have so many choices-not only of sandwiches, but meats, breads, condiments and toppings. It is fresh and fast and served on a Frisbee-so it pretty much screams awesome!! They have beer on tap, ya can't beat beer, sandwiches and sports! But they do-their staff is friendly, fun and constantly making sure we have everything we need and want. Courtney and Steve are so nice, and really want to give the best service and food possible! I'm already eating there once a week, I think I'm going to have to make it at least twice a week!
2	Just ok. Very pricy for what you get. $11 for a small sandwich and a drink? Sandwich was way overloaded with mustard, couldn't taste much else.
5	Great place for an awesome time and great food. Some of the best sandwiches in town. Steve and Courtney are great hosts.  Beach hut is a nice place to relax and hang with friends.  We go for trivia night every Thursday.  They have a great selection of craft beers on tap.  And the surfin bird is by far the best thing on the menu.
4	Came in here for lunch on a Sunday after stopping by the little farmers market they have setup on Sunday. The place was dead empty not sure if it's because of the farmers market or because everyone seemed to be at the crepe place next door. I had the skinny dipper, which is a roast beef dip. The sandwich was very flavorful and the au ju was very delicious and provided more than enough au ju. The roast beef was tender and the bread was amazing. Just wish it had more of a horseradish kick to the sandwich. Service was very friendly and top notch and they have lots of tvs and played every football game on at the time. Will definitely be back here to try some of their other sandwiches.
3	So after reading a handful of great reviews about this place, I decided to finally check it out...... They had quite the menu selection, so it was difficult to choose. I finally decided on the "Santa Cruz." I ordered a medium sandwich, no drink/no chips. And somehow, it still came out to $13.75. Sort of pricey for just a sandwich if you ask me!I got sprouts on it, opposed to lettuce. I asked specifically for extra peppers, although they are supposed to be on your sandwich anyway, and yet they still forgot to put them on there somehow. I also got it "heated" but yet the cream cheese was still frozen in the middle..... Overall, the sandwich was just ohkay. Nothing great, nothing bad. Not quite sure if it was worth the money.I will definitely be going back to try something else. Just wasn't overly impressed by my first visit.
1	I did not have a great experience with the people here. The staff wasn't polite and my sandwich wasn't great for the price.
5	Huge sandwich for the price.  Great quality meats and veggies....very fresh!!
5	Had the pulled pork salad and it was amazing!    Ice make was down, but the pulled Pork salad was AMZING!!!
5	Beach Hut is always delicious! Great atmosphere, friendly staff, excellent food. Try the Santa Cruz, it never disappoints!
2	The food is really good the music is rad.... But there were two employees that really killed the vibe did not enjoy my experience they were very grumpy didn't seem to care that we were even there. Barley acknowledged us when we came in or while we were eating  pretty lame!
5	I accidentally came across this place doing job applications with my friend. We originally went in because we needed water but the menu board was so enticing. The sandwiches have a unique variety and some great ingredients like avocado and bacon... my favorites. They use cream cheese on the sandwiches... who knew it worked so well! Absolutely delicious. Sadly, I live on the east side and it's so far from me. But any change I get to be I on that side of town I definitely eat there. The staff was nice and they have a great little shaded out door seating area. It wasn't too busy when I went, I imagine it can get busy though with those sandwiches! Ugh, cant get enough. I love finding places like this.
3	Catching title and decor in the middle of a desert. Beach Hut Deli has a great outdoor patio with plenty of shade to escape the Nevada heat. The menu is comprised of great beach theme sandwich, burger and salad options. The price is average for a sandwich shop around $11 for a sandwich and a drink. I ordered the new item hightide, it comes with chopped pastrami, ham, crumbled bacon, mild cheddar, Pepperjack on a cheese garlic toast... Oh yeah it is warm and toasted. If you are looking for an alternative to the chain sandwich shops give it a try.
4	This place is great! Reminds me of being back in Florida have a great sandwich on the beach. Everything sounds great on the menu but I can't stop ordering the Hobie. Great vibe, great outdoor seating and great staff too.
5	LOVE this place! Amazing sandwiches, ambiance, and customer service. My favorite place to go for lunch and have a few beers. It is so relaxing and feels like a home away from home. The sandwiches are huge and so scrumptious! I especially love the cream cheese added. yum yum yum!
5	This place is literally the best place ever... The sandwiches are unbelievable and the service is nuts, the owners are so awesome and Melanie and Andrea super cool...
5	Made one of the greatest decisions I've made this week by trusting the great reviews of this awesome establishment!!! From the super laid back music, decor, and attentive staff. The food speaks volumes and not just in taste, the portions will knock your socks off (which is a good thing since you're technically at the "BEACH!") My husband and I shared the large "Santa Cruz" (hot pastrami, melted provolone, cream cheese, mayo, must, lettuce, onions, pickles, peppers, bacon, and avocado!!!) words can't explain the multitudes of flavor profiled in this beautifully built sandwich! The large was enough for us both along with a bag of "dirty" chips and a tall 32oz longboard lager to wash it down!!! Needless to say I'm one happy girl!!! If you are looking for amazing food, beer, music, and a great staff then this is definitely your place!!!
5	Yum!! Delicious sub sandwiches with a Cali Cool feel.  I get the Veggie California with avocado, sprouts and I add tuna.  Gourmet made to order.  Such a fun real staff!! I love Andrea and Louise.  Surf tunes playing and killer micro brews on draft.  Pipeline Porter. Great White.  An outdoor patio.  It feels like home.  Oh and they have Dirty chips - Funky Fusion is the best :). All for about the price of Subway.  Thanks guys - never change :)
5	The Beach Hut Deli is a fantastic sandwich shop with a Mellow beach vibe!.  The sandwiches are huge with fresh meats and vegetables available in 3 sizes. I can't finish a medium and would most likely need a friend to finish a large...  This is my 4th one here and I have had a different sandwich each time.  The menu is expansive and covers all the bases for styles and meats and imaginative combinations that you have never thought of!!       The place it's self is very comfortable and spacious with a out door covered patio and there is a couch area around a tv for group sports watching!! Bottom line... If you are a fan of sandwiches  this place should be next of your list to try!!
5	Without a doubt the best place in Las Vegas for a sandwich!!  Huge portions and great service. NEVER had an issue with service or quality.  Great patio on sunny days or stay inside with tables and booths. You cant go wrong with this place. Try the Santa Barbara....
3	I had the Surfin Bird. The quality of the Turkey sucked for me, especially for the price.  I loved the lettuce that is shredded very fine, yum.  It smells so good when you walk the door.    It got my taste buds going!Reading the other reviews has brought me to the conclusion there are certain sandwiches there that are VERY delicious and some just so so.  I was not too impressed,  but  I am willing go back and try a different sandwich.  I don't recommend the Surfin Bird.  Also, they should hollow out the bread a bit because everything squishes out the sides.
5	This is the best place to get food and beer in Las Vegas. Period. The team there is awesome and the atmosphere is like nothing else in Las Vegas. I am a beer and food fan. I am not a gambling fan. This rules out 99.9% of bars in Las Vegas. Beach Hut is the only .1% that I have found. They have about 6 revolving taps but always have Eye of the Hawk on tap (which if you haven't had, please turn off your computer and go to Beach Hut and order a pint). If you like craft beer, this is the place for you. (btw all beers are happy hour cheap... seriously)Now, the food. Well what can I say? The sandwiches are huge, delicious, customizable, and bacon is always at the ready. They have some really amazing combinations that are just amazing.There is outdoor seating (which is nice if you regularly dine in the local caves), indoor seating, big TVs with sports or the Food Network on, reggae playing, super chill atmosphere. They have bands play there every now and again at night. TL;DL: Bomb Food, Bomb beer, Bomb people, just go and have a sammy and a pint- thank me later.
4	Great experience my first time around.  I ordered the pastrami.  So delicious!  I've never had a pastrami melt with avocado, but it was to die for.I want to come back on a Sunday.  $15 endless mimosas!  Hoping to go tomorrow.Only negative is, we brought all of our chips to the front (4 whole bags).  She rang us up, we got drinks while we waited for the sandwiches, and then she brought us a giant to-go bag.  I guess we assumed they'd help us and put our chips in the bag for us (like at Capriotti's), but they didn't.  Got home and had no chips, but they definitely charged us for them.  Otherwise, I would've given 5 stars.  Love the food, service is "meh."
3	I was really impressed for about two when I started coming here on my lunch breaks from school. But then after a few days spending at least $10 each visit for a medium sandwich then $5 for chips and a drink. It sucks. I can't leave there without spending $18 on lunch and the staff isn't too pleasing. On a students tiny budget I don't think I'll be eating here anymore.
5	I'm still dreaming about Sunday bottomless mimosas. Sadly, we were on our way to deliver a wedding cake so we didn't have time to enjoy them. Next time!I wanted to try something new but I just kept thinking about the pastrami melt with avocado. It's on garlic bread and the bread actually has real chunks of roasted garlic. Delish!  They are super super generous with their avocado portions, which I love. I had my 22 month old daughter with me, so I took half the avocado off for her snack and it as still enough. Hubby got the pig (?) not sure on name. He said it was so yummy. I would've tried it but I'm a weirdo that always goes no mayo, no mustard, no sour cream, no white creamy sauce etc. I wanted to try it though but he loves mayo. Funny story, my previous review was very good (4 stars) but I did mention they forgot to put chips in the to go bag. The girl at the counter must've seen my pic or remembered us (our kid is pretty cute, ha!!) and took care of our chips this time. A little embarrassing, but I so do appreciate the attention to detail in yelp reviews, as I'm the same was a a biz owner. Side note, we live in Mountain's Edge, so we actually travel all the way here. Will be back for those darn mimosas!  One Sunday soon!Funny at
5	Went back in today had a much much better experience with the staff wasn't so lame this time lol food was good good atmosphere will start coming back more often
5	Beach Hut Deli is awesome. The Surfin Bird and the Surfin Cow are delicious. Portions are outstanding! You will definitely get full here. The photos people have posted are true advertisement, so yes the sandwiches are really that thick. Best sandwich shop I have been to in years.
5	I absolutely love this place. The first time I tried Beach Hut I was on vacay in Reno. I had major sammich withdraws until they opened up this location. Beach hut really knows how to make a proper sammich, like the kind that barely fits in your mouth. I can't seem to get away from my plain and boring turkey and provolone even though I really want to try the Beach Meat Ball, and the Spicolli. My boyfriend is ridiculously picky about his sammiches, and this place nails it for him every time! Along with a great sammich, they have a decent selection of chips (not that crap you find at Port of Subs), and other munchies... try the chili nachos!  Plus you can wash it all down with an ice cold beer... great selection of micro beers. They have a nice size covered patio if you chose to eat outside, which isn't really common here in Vegas, but if you prefer to sit inside the booths are comfy, and there's even a comfy couch, so you can feel like you're having a sammich at home! I've yet to be here for any of the live music events, but I bet it would be a great time!
5	My first time here and I like the place. Great sandwiches and salads made to order, they have beer and indoor outdoor seating.  Very comfortable and chill. My daughter and I had A GREAT  lunch. I will definitely be back.
5	Great food, management and atmosphere at reasonable prices, plus they have beer and wine!
5	Beach Hut Deli is a Las Vegas gem.  The laid back atmosphere, generous portions, and delicious sandwiches are unique to the Las Vegas restaurant industry.  I've only had the pleasure of visiting Beach Hut twice, but I plan on returning as soon as another sandwich craving hits me.  Call me crazy, I actually ordered the Surfin' Bird two days in a row.  The mix of soft bread with cream cheese, bacon, and avocado makes my mouth water as I type - if only this was a zero calorie entree!I'm leaving 5 stars because I want you to experience Beach Hut Deli, but BRING A SWEATSHIRT (think Jimmy John's temperatures).  It was freezing both times I visited the Eastern Ave location, however, I'd much prefer it to be cold than warm.  Check it out!
3	Ok, sooooo I'm a sandwich lover and I've walked in here a couple of times, and just couldn't bring myself to paying $9.00 for a sandwich..... and no chips and soda for that price!  So I ordered a pastrami!  I can't say much about the service, it was ok, nothing stood out!  The bread was super soft! the pastrami was ok!  I don't think it was worth $9.00.  I can go to Zupas, and get a salad and a sandwich for $8 and some change!I might go back and try there dry salami sandwich, but other than that, I don't see me going there on a regular basis!
4	Great service!  We ordered a take out and they were very kind to separate items and made everything that much fresher for when we got to our destination.  The location was good and looked like a fun place to enjoy a meal. Was actually surprised by their outdoor seating area and that they had beer. In Vegas you can't find many places that offer a cute outdoor area and this one looked nice and tucked in and back a little from the sidewalk. Nice ambiance. The sandwiches were yummy but couldn't imagine having them daily for sake of calorie intake. The Surfin Cow on Sourdough was stacked high with roast beef and they absolutely don't skimp on the cream cheese. Marley Nachos were my favorite. I loved the melted cheese with added bonus of gobs of cream cheese. I'm a tomato fan and these were fresh and tasty.Hobie- was so good with the dressing. And again they were so nice to put the dressing on the side so the sandwich wasn't soggy. We had plenty of left overs to make multiple meals out of one order.Potato Salad was also amazing in taste and freshness.
1	Mediocre. Food was ok. Service fine. Decor was whatever. What is beach hut cuisine? Is that even a thing? What happened to pizza joints and sausage carts?
3	Quick Look: 3 Stars for this first visit. Mixed thoughts but it certainly showed some promise. In Depth Review: Live right down the road from this gourmet sandwich shop and deli and never even noticed it. Was going to eat at another location in this strip mall and decided to try this location instead. Walked in at about 2pm on a Thursday and nobody was inside eating or in line ordering food. Was this a sign? Girl at the counter seemed a little unenthusiastic and didn't exactly greet us properly or make any suggestions as we stood there lost and starring at the massive menu on the wall. The decor is pretty cool and it looks straight out of a So Cal beach town like Hermosa Beach or Pacific Beach. Really liked the decor and the laid back chill music & beach vibe. Place is much larger than it looks outside and has a great outside patio area that would be ideal if it was not so hot. I ordered a hot (melted) sandwich called the "Drakester" and the lady ordered a cold  sandwich called the "Beach Bikini." We also ordered a side of potato salad and shared a coke. The food comes out in a Frisbee (love it). The sandwiches cost anywhere between $7 - $12 each. They are not massive sandwiches in size and are a bit high on the price spectrum for this neighborhood IMO. The Drakester was interesting. It consisted of hot turkey, melted pepper jack cheese, a giant slab of cream cheese, mayo and roasted chili peppers on sourdough bread. Didn't look enticing at first. Was messy, required two hands to eat as it wanted to slide in two different directions. But this sandwich tasted pretty damn good! It was a pleasant surprise. Not the healthiest choice, but a delicious choice. The lady enjoyed her sandwich but thought it was just OK at best.  The homemade potato salad was served German style and tasted good to me. The lady thought it had too much mayo. Oh well, cannot please everyone. I approve of it and liked it. In Summery: The Beach Hut Deli has potential and I think I will give them an honest second look. As a marketing guy I would advise the owners and management to step up their promotions and advertising. Especially in the near-by neighborhoods. Was there 45+ minutes and only saw one other guy walk in to get a sandwich. Pretty sure he worked at a business in the strip mall. This is a neat spot and would like to see it stick around for a while. Or long enough for that second visit.
5	This sandwich shop does not disappoint!  There is a nice California surfer vibe inside with cool art work.  There is also a covered outdoor patio.  My go-to sandwich is the pastrami and the portion size is huge! I usually share with somebody.  These sandwiches are stacked and it is a challenge to get everything in one bite; however, each bite is delectable because you get an awesome flavor and texture combo everytime.  There is crunch from the bacon, onions, and pickle. Creaminess from the avocado and cream cheese.  All of these combined make a great sandwich.  They offer happy hour on beer and nachos.  The nachos are pretty good too!
4	I had the Santa Cruz Pastrami sandwich. It was a different spin on a Pastrami sandwich,  but delicious and very flavorful. Sarah was a very gracious order taker, cashier, and hostess. I can't wait to go back and try the cheesesteak sandwich.
5	The sandwiches here are awesome!  Steve is a really nice guy - took time to talk with our family. We will definitely be going back. I highly recommend.
5	Believe the hype!!! Best sandwiches in the area. A little pricey,  but worth every bite!  I'd suggest getting the Santa Cruz or the Malibu, you will not be disappointed :)
5	Big sandwiches in a game filled atmosphere.If you like BIG sandwiches, you should definitely go here. Your sandwich comes on top of a monster sub bun with a pile of meat and any toppings that go with your sandwich. I got the Santa Cruz because it had pastrami, the most sensual of all the salted cured meats, and that was a damn good sandwich. It's topped with avocados and a bunch of other toppings, so if you are more of just a meat and cheese type person, you could just go for their plain pastrami sandwich, which I imagine is also just a mound of delicious pastrami.The thing you need to know before ordering here is the sizes of the sandwiches. They have small, medium, and large sizes, but their "smalls" are actually normal sized sandwiches, the mediums are large, and a "large" is probably a sandwich that could feed the team of monstars. I got the medium, and finished it, though I would have been plenty satisfied with only eating half of the medium sandwich.If you aren't eating, there is plenty else to do. They have a Wii on one of their TVs to pass the time, some beer pong tables, and a bags setup, making it look like a really fun place to hang out.
5	Amazing! The food-FANTASTIC but beware... its addicting! We go in a few times a month and have NEVER been let down. The staff is always upbeat and personal. The tunes are great! Excellent selection of Beers to wash em down. Go there! You wont be sorry you did!
5	Food is awesome. More then plenty of food for the price. Real food not processed junk. Great atmosphere.  Laid back and fun. The staff was great.  Very friendly. And there is beer. Sunday is game day with tons going on. Beer pong, corn hole toss, darts, and golden tee. It's a local favorite for sure.
4	The best sandwich shop in Las Vegas! Yes, better than Capriottis! Incredibly fresh ingredients, fresh sliced meats piled high, soft bread that has flavor, avocado fresh out of the skin, fresh veggies, different cheeses that aren't cut into triangles, and a large menu full of unique choices including the PIG Kahuna, the Beach Bikini and the Surfin Bird. The last time I was there I ordered a simple vegetarian sandwich and had them toast the bread and cheese for me before the other toppings went on and it was killer. The sandwiches are huge, they sell beer including some on tap and have couches for watching football! A great place to grab lunch and watch a game. The staff was friendly and the sandwiches came out fast.  I have been several times and am never disappointed. Go check them out!
3	I had a medium two meat/two cheese. Lots of meat. The sandwich was good, nothing outstanding though. The bread was average. For the sandwich and a drink was almost $17.00, no side included.
4	Very beach-y! Just missing the sand! There are surfboard tables inside and a nice outdoor seating area. Sunday is game day and there's a large viewing sofa to watch one of the six TV screens around the room. There's quite a varied sandwich menu. We had The Malibu. It has hot pastrami and swiss cheese on a delicious garlic cheese bread with mayo and avocado. They obliged me by putting the avocado on the side. My only complaint was that they marinated the pastrami in Italian dressing and it was a bit too vinegary. Next time, I'd ask them to skip the dressing. We will come back--so many more sandwiches to try!
1	I'm so disappointed in my Santa Cruz sandwich:( There is soooooo much mayo that I can't even find the bacon. Every time I bite into it the mayo squirts out the side of my mouth. I won't even get started on my husbands meatball sandwich.. He eats everything and he won't even finish it!  I'm really bummed out and sad that I just sent $38 on a horrible meal.
4	I went to this place the other day. I have really nothing bad to say except the menu is posted on two walls a little confusing... But the atmosphere outside patio is so cute!!! Really cool for a deli/rest never been to one like that. The menu was good and I had a BBQ salad seemed pretty healthy :)
5	We were craving yummy sandwiches and beach hut deli satisfied! We got the Santa Cruz - pastrami,avocado, bacon, cream cheese (in addition to their standard toppings of mayo, dill pickles, tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, Greek peppers, and cheese) - the pastrami was warm and tender and the sandwich was great. Also got the Haole cheese steak - hot roast beef, Monterey jack, cream cheese, onions and peppers with a special spicy marinade on a toasted roll. - so awesome. The meat marinade had a peppery flavor and was super tender, the cream cheese and toastedness just brought it all together. Definitely will be back here for more!The sandwiches can be huge so keep that in mind when ordering.
5	Hands down, my most favorite sandwich shop in all of Vegas. The Surfin' Bird is my usual go-to and it's incredible. Beware, the portions are HUGE so I usually just go for the small (medium if I'm really hungry or just really ambitious). Sitting out on their patio with a cold beer and sandwich on a warm afternoon....perfection.
4	Cheap beer, cool place. Get the spicolli with chicken, it's the bomb. Can't beat the relaxing atmosphere.
4	/wow, wow wow!!!!New to the Henderson area fresh from the Westside of the LV valley, I was craving a deli sandwich for lunch (I also want a beer with a meal 99/100 times)... So my boyfriend suggested this place and we scooted down to the Beach Hut Deli. LOVE! This fun little place is in the middle of a bustling shopping center filled with cool shops and other great eats, but once you spot the Hawaiian style dried grass canopy outside on the patio during the warm Las Vegas day you will want to enjoy a meal here on a reoccurring basis. There is a large seating area inside full of TVs, cozy booths, and a giant comfy couch. Every where you look you will find something fun to look at. There are gorgeous sunset murals and fun beachy signs. The patio is very large, well lit, and covered.The menu is filled with a bunch of perfectly unique sandwiches that aren't too wildly out there. I had the Woody... hot roast beef, bbq sauce, crispy bacon and a slice of cream cheese among other things, your standard melted cheddar cheese, mayo, onions and finely shredded lettuce. My honeypie went with the Spicolli. hot turkey breast slices with melted cheddar cheese on a toasted roll with ranch dressing, lettuce and bacon. We both ordered a small size sandwich and traded a half with each other. (It's the funnest way to try things!) Both were absolutely delicious, but I was much more partial to my sandwich. I would have enjoyed the toasted roll of his though. Sadly, I didn't get my full Hawaiian fix because they were out of mac salad!!! They do have potato salad and an Italian style pasta salad too, but I really needed that mac!!! Large section of potato chips as well.They have beer on tap!!!! I. LOVE. BEER. Let me warn you, the large beer is L.A.R.G.E. I'm talking huge. Too big for me, which is saying a lot. It might be... like.... a full six pack. Ok, not a full six pack... but by our estimation it was a solid 40oz of frosty cold brew. Another HUGE bonus is Rogue Hazelnut Brown Ale ON TAP!!!! It's quite tasty and one of my favorite beers ever!!It is a very laid back eatery, although a little too laid back in the safety/health department. Don't read me wrong, it's VERY clean. I am just slightly particular having worked in the food service industry before. The girls working the station were wearing sandals, which let's be honest- the second you drop a knife cutting my sandwich you are going to lose a toe. Also, I FIRMLY stand by the ponytail rule: if your hair is touching your shoulders, it should be pulled back into a neat ponytail. It's not a fashion show, it's my lunch.Overall 4/5 stars. I will return for sure, but I hope to see some close toed shoes and properly managed hair. I also know to ask for a toasted bun on my hot sandwich and order the small beer.
4	Happy hour was from 3-6    2 dollar beers i have never heard of. Had long board   Was actually very good. Chill atmosphere with several tvs  hockey was on so it immediately caught my attention. Only had a couple beer sthen had to leave cause they were closing but the food looked tasty. Neat looking place.
5	After a weekend in Las Vegas, we ended up having our best meal here on the way home to Phoenix. There were 6 of us and all ordered something different. All of us were happy with our choices. My daughter's "Surfin' Bird" (Turkey, avocado, bacon and cream cheese) sounded simple but, with all the trimmings, was mind-bogglingly large and utter perfection. We also shared a Skinny Dipper which was excellent and also loved the Malibu (Hot, chopped pastrami and swiss on toasted garlic cheese bread with mayo, Italian dressing and avocado)  Never thought to put avocado on pastrami but will definitely think of it next timw. I only wish they had a Phoenix location.
5	BEST SANDWICH I HAVE EVER EATEN! I took the other half to-go so I could recreate the "amazing first bite" experience again. Manager helped me create a custom sandwich and it was to die for. Very friendly staff, clean and fast!
5	Warm, fresh, tasty sandwiches at lunch and a plentiful array of other options. I can always find something for my mood here, whether a salad, soup, sandwich, or entree. The daily sandwich is the ultimate way to go - without customizing it except maybe without onions on certain occasions - as the meats are piping hot, fresh, and very tasty. The special treat is the free, fresh buttery focaccia near the cashier to take back to the office as an afternoon snack.
5	This place is really good has a great selection of Sandwiches.  We had 3 different Sandwiches and they were all good. Great customer service and cool Beach atmosphere. The 3 Sandwiches we had were the Surfin Bird, the beach meatball, and the Spicolli all Delicious.
5	LOVE BEACH HUT!!!!! The Santa Cruz and the Malibu are my favorites, both great pastrami sandwiches. They've got great microbrews on tap for really cheap ($7 for a liter of microbrew is a steal!!!). Great friendly, laid back atmosphere. Steven and Courtney are great hosts.
5	A friend of mine decided to bring me to this place. We live up north in Las Vegas and I thought the drive would be a waste to drive here just for a sandwich, but was I wrong. Warm and juicy sandwiches have been one of my favorite things to eat now and this was the perfect place for just that. The "Shark Bite" was absolutely DELICIOUS! I found it weird for the sandwiches to include cream cheese, but it actually tastes really good! The spot is nice and chill and the variety of sandwiches they offer sounded pretty great as well. I definitely look to drop by here anytime I'm down in the area and hopefully one day there will be one a bit more closer than this. Overall, great sandwiches!
