5	First night of serving on Friday night!  My wife and I happened to drive by and noticed the front window jammed with people waiting for tables.  After months (more than a year?) of delays, the sister restaurant to the legendary Point Brugge Cafe (Point Breeze) has finally opened.  Grand opening on Tuesday 1 February, but a "soft opening" was announced to the Highland Park neighbors earlier this week.As you might expect if you've ever seen the reviews of Point Brugge Cafe, Pittsburgh now has another terrific fresh-food restaurant!  And another feather in the restaurant cap for Bryant Street and Highland Park.The decor is contemporary -- sleek and simple -- but very comfortable.  It's a boisterous place (some might call it "noisy") so if you're looking for dark, quiet, romantic dinner, this ain't the place for you.  If, however, you're looking for great food in an energized environment, this could your new dining "home."   I wish I could offer a more extended sense of the menu, but my wife and I both ordered the same thing.  We started with a potato/pancetta soup.  It was broth-based, but with just a touch of cream to hold it together.  Light and delicious.Our entree: herb-crusted salmon over arugula and lentils.  In spite of the fact that we ordered the salmon well-done (not fans of raw fish), the salmon was moist and tasty.   The arugula and lentils were wonderful.  For dessert, we shared an order of profiteroles: three crisp, hollow rounds of pastries filled with ice cream and drizzled in chocolate and, I believe, a bit of caramel.  Again, very flavorful.   Not a fan of chocolate, but whatever they drizzled on the profiteroles was particularly tasty.For fans of Point Brugge, the menu includes the steamed P.E.I. mussels and Belgain-style twice-cooked fries with seasoned mayonnaise.  (The family at the table next to us went through two orders of EACH!)The service was very good even though it was the first night with customers.  I was told that the cafe hired EXPERIENCED servers, host staff and bartenders.  Congrats to them for thinking through this.  To repeat: another tremendous addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene and ESPECIALLY to fans of good, fresh food who live in the East End.My only disappointment was that I couldn't get an espresso after dinner.  Only traditional American coffee (though it IS PrestoGeorge coffee).  No big deal, though, as I can always wander around the corner to Tazza d'Oro on Highland Avenue. I didn't pick up the phone number or find a Website for the place.  I hope that other Yelpers can supplement this soon.
5	Finally, finally, finally, Park Bruges is open! They did a soft opening last night (1/28) that I heard about through a mailing list, and we hightailed down there right after work. I'm glad that we did, because by the time we left at 7 or so, the place was packed.For those of you who are familiar with Point Brugge, this restaurant does a great job of capturing the same vibe. The booths and tables are spaced so that the cafe has a cozy feel, but you aren't right on top of each other. The bar still dominates the front of the house, which is great for those coming by for a quick drink/snack or for waiting for a table (though there is a small waiting area as well, unlike at Point Brugge). The menu has many familiar items, but also adds some new dishes to the mix (more on that below), and the food is clearly made from fresh ingredients, and is well prepared and delicious. Even though the servers are still learning the menu a bit themselves (like I said, we went on opening night, and a "soft" opening at that), they are enthusiastic, friendly, and very helpful. For those not familiar with Point Brugge, Park Bruges is a Belgian-inspired restaurant, with the feel of a neighborhood cafe. The menu includes traditional Belgian fare, such as moules (mussels) and frites (fries) that are cooked to perfection. They also offer salads (some of which change seasonally), burgers, and typical continental European fare, sometimes with a bit of a twist. They have also added some other dishes that seem to be inspired by Alsace-Lorraine. I ordered a garlic soup and a traditional tarte flambee for dinner, and both were incredibly authentic in their flavors (I lived in Metz, France, for a while). Other dishes at our table include a burger (cooked to exactly the right temperature), a spinach salad with salmon, grilled cheese with tomatoes and rustic bread, and two plates of the frites. All of the food was just right - not too heavy, and not too skimpy, with great flavor profiles even for simple items (like the burger). We also ordered some profiteroles with caramel and ice cream for dessert, which looked great. Unfortunately, I was unable to taste them for this review, because my children inhaled them all in about 30 seconds!As you would expect from a Belgian cafe, the beer selection was excellent, both on tap and in bottles. The Trois Pistoles and Corsendonk were our favorites (both on draft). Park Bruges also has an extensive wine list, and a very creative selection of cocktails. Right now, the posted hours are Tuesday through Sundayfrom 11AM until 10PM (9PM on Sunday). The restaurant is closed on Mondays. Brunch is served until 3PM on Saturday and Sunday (unlike the Sunday-only brunch at Point Brugge).In summary, I recommend Park Bruges very, very highly. (In fact, I finally stopped just reading Yelp, and set up an account, just to post this as my first review.) Park Bruges is a huge asset to the Highland Park neighborhood, and I know that it will soon be come a destination restaurant for those outside the neighborhood as well, just like its sister venue, Point Brugge.
5	First night of serving on Friday night!  My wife and I happened to drive by and noticed the front window jammed with people waiting for tables.  After months (more than a year?) of delays, the sister restaurant to the legendary Point Brugge Cafe (Point Breeze) has finally opened.  Grand opening on Tuesday 1 February, but a "soft opening" was announced to the Highland Park neighbors earlier this week.As you might expect if you've ever seen the reviews of Point Brugge Cafe, Pittsburgh now has another terrific fresh-food restaurant!  And another feather in the restaurant cap for Bryant Street and Highland Park.The decor is contemporary -- sleek and simple -- but very comfortable.  It's a boisterous place (some might call it "noisy") so if you're looking for dark, quiet, romantic dinner, this ain't the place for you.  If, however, you're looking for great food in an energized environment, this could your new dining "home."  I wish I could offer a more extended sense of the menu, but my wife and I both ordered the same thing.  We started with a potato/pancetta soup.  It was broth-based, but with just a touch of cream to hold it together.  Light and delicious.Our entree: herb-crusted salmon over arugula and lentils.  In spite of the fact that we ordered the salmon well-done (not fans of raw fish), the salmon was moist and tasty.   The arugula and lentils were wonderful.  For dessert, we shared an order of profiteroles: three crisp, hollow rounds of pastries filled with ice cream and drizzled in chocolate and, I believe, a bit of caramel.  Again, very flavorful.   Not a fan of chocolate, but whatever they drizzled on the profiteroles was particularly tasty.For fans of Point Brugge, the menu includes the steamed P.E.I. mussels and Belgain-style twice-cooked fries with seasoned mayonnaise.  (The family at the table next to us went through two orders of EACH!)The service was very good even though it was the first night with customers.  I was told that the cafe hired EXPERIENCED servers, host staff and bartenders.  Congrats to them for thinking through this.  To repeat: another tremendous addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene and ESPECIALLY to fans of good, fresh food who live in the East End.My only disappointment was that I couldn't get an espresso after dinner.  Only traditional American coffee (though it IS PrestoGeorge coffee).  No big deal, though, as I can always wander around the corner to Tazza d'Oro on Highland Avenue.I didn't pick up the phone number or find a Website for the place.  I hope that other Yelpers can supplement this soon.
5	We sold our hockey tickets for tonight in favor of going out to dinner at Park Bruges, just opened a few blocks from us.  The building is not well marked, but the tables in the windows let you know you have the right place!  For a new restaurant, they have their workflow and service very well done; I believe all the reports saying they hired experienced people. The server knew the menu & the beers on tap well, and never disappeared for too long.  My husband and I split the "classic" poutine -- the fries were crisp outside the gravy and perfectly soft within, and the cheese curds delightfully squeaky.  I had the chicken breast (with artichokes, mushrooms, and risotto); he had the fresh wild fish.  Both were perfectly prepared and delicious.  Desserts were also excellent, and the coffee was good, though not stellar (but you're not going there for the coffee).I saw a few people there with kids; it seems to be a bit more casual & kid-friendly than Point Brugge, so we may take ours sometime for lunch.Very impressive overall, especially since it's been open less than a week.  We'll be going back, and I hope they have sidewalk tables this summer (hint hint).
5	*Homer Simpson drooling sound* Park Bruges is a total success!  The space is wonderful & inviting.  The layout is nice and open, and it seems like there's more tables than at Point Brugge.  We were told a 45 minute wait on Saturday night, but didn't wait for more than 20 - 30 minutes.  The dress ranged from very casual to a little dressy.  The hostess and waitstaff were all efficient, friendly, and knowledgeable.  The beer selection is ample and varied, with many high ABV options.  There's about 5 beers on tap, and too many bottles to count.  I had a Three Philosophers quadrupel, and my friends had a brown ale from local Full Pint Brewing Co and a Ephemere lambic from Unibroue.  Our beers ranged from about $6.00 - $7.50.The food was spot-on.  We started with the Classic Montreal Poutine.  The gravy was more of a chicken gravy, which surprised me and others who'd had poutine before, but it was still delicious.  We continued with the Moules-- one classic and one with andouille sausage and bleu cheese.  Both were delicious, though the flavors in the latter are more robust than the light white white/herb sauce.  The moules didn't come out with any bread, which was disappointing, but I'm sure you could ask for some.  I had the sea scallop fettuccine.  Ample sea scallops perfectly seared with a light-ish sauce and large green and red peppers.  We were all too stuffed for dessert, but I might try their chocolate martini next time!  Also, I think on my next visit I'll do more of a small plates/family style dinner rather than order entrees.  I love that I have the 2 dining options at one establishment.Little trivia: They used the Flemish spelling for Point Brugge and the French spelling for Park Bruges since both are spoken in Belgium!
4	I like this place, though I don't feel as excited about it as I do Point Brugge.  Went in on a recent Saturday night at about 8:30, were told there would be an hour-and-a-half wait, and waited about 45 minutes.On this trip I focused on trying all of the things that were new on the menu.  We got the poutine, which could hardly be anything but delicious with those fries and cheese curds from Arsenal Cheese in Lawrenceville.  I also had the garlic soup, which I was really excited about, but didn't love.  The soup was monotonously starchy, with little to break it up or add interest, and even the cheese on top failed to excite.  We finished with a large order of the mussels, the new spicy Creole preparation with andouille sausage, peppers, onions, celery and crumbled Maytag Bleu.  These were very good, though I am sure I will order my traditional white wine order next time. Ah, we are creatures of habit!  The decor is, true, sterile and, ok, a bit bland, but in a clean, modern way, I thought.  It's hard not to compare this to such a memorable predecessor, and it's not exactly the same, true, but this is still a fine restaurant and worth a visit.
3	I'm torn between 2-3-4 stars.  So, I'll average and go with 3.Went in on a Saturday night and waited about 45 minutes table for 2.  Not bad.My main complaint is that it is LOUD.  I mean, put some carpet down or noise tiles up or SOMETHING.  I had to keep asking the person across the table from me "What?!"The food was good, the service was good.  But the #1 thing that won't make me come back is the price.  $19 for a plate of pasta with some boiled shrimp?  Ummm....next time I'll save my dough and go eat at Eleven.  If you like Mussels, maybe this is the place for you.   ...but they're not my thing.But hey, maybe that's just me being picky and liking quiet restaurants.  If you're into a noisy scene and lots of beer selections, you'll probably like it.  Try it out.
3	I just made my first trip to Park Bruges.  We were driving around Highland Park, looking at houses, and realized that a beer would definitely be a good thing right about then.  I've only been to Point B. once, (sister restaurant), it was crowded and too loud and I was in a bad mood at the time so I can't really say much about it as a comparison.   I think I was looking at houses then, too.  I've been looking at a lot of houses lately and I'm often not in a good mood afterwards.  I really don't think I want to own a house again.  But that's not what you are here to read, is it?I will say that I left Park Bruges in a very good mood, which is a good sign for them as one comparison point.  The service was very friendly and they were knowledgable of the menu--both food and beer.  I thought the mussels were very good--we also had a Tartine that was tasty but could have been cooked a bit more.  The selection of Belgian Beers was more than adequate.   My only complaints are that 1) they need sun screens for the windows!; 2) it could be 'warmed up' a bit; and 3) it would be nice to invest in a sign for outside.  But if you need a nice, big booth, not too loud, and good food and beer, I highly recommend.
5	Absolutely lovely for Saturday morning brunch.Menu consists of about 10 items ranging from waffles to steak and eggs ranging from $9-18. There is also a price fixe option in the mid twenties that include a regular menu option, side and alcoholic drink.This morning my partner and I split the waffles with rhubarb strawberry compote and veggie wild mushroom frittata.  Both were absolutely delicious with the waffle being on the heavy buttery side, but I was hungry and it was welcomed. The frittata was made to order, not cut and reheated from a larger pan which is often the case, and a fluffy blend of shrooms, eggs and cheese.Service was chipper and attentive. A perfect, satisfying brunch experience. Prices are normal, the price fixe being a decent deal when you think about what it includes. My main complaints are that they do not open until 11am and do not take American express. I will be back.
4	Having already fallen in love with Point Brugge, I rejoiced at the news that they were opening another restaurant.  Park Bruges is not near where I live, but we made the short drive - we being myself, my boyfriend, and our two out-of-town guests.Parking was not a problem, maybe a block away from the restaurant down the street.  Park Bruges was quite packed, and noisy, at about 7 pm on a Friday.  I expected that, so we put in our name and were told a 60-90 minute wait.  I told the hostess we might get back in the car and drive around for a while to pass the time, and she offered to take my cell phone number to call when our table was ready.  I love when hostesses do that.45 minutes later, we pulled back into a parking spot and I saw the hostess standing outside, about to call me on my cell.  45 minutes on a Friday at a place like this is not a bad wait at all!  We were seated near the back, where the noise level was still enthusiastic but not at all overwhelming.  Our friendly server quickly approached with a carafe of water and small glasses, and rattled off the beers on draft.  I went with a Leffe Blonde, which I always enjoy.  Everyone was happy with their beer and wine choices, and impressed by the comprehensive list.Starving, we began with super-unhealthy appetizers: poutine (classic preparation) and the macaroni and cheese.  The poutine was very good, a little salty in the gravy, but a wonderfully fatty, cheesy treat.  Poutine is french fries, cheese curds, and gravy for those who don't know - and it's as good as it sounds.  (Even the leftovers reheated deliciously).  The macaroni and cheese was outstanding.  It was a little spicy, and arrived simply bubbling in a small baking dish.  Every bite was tremendous - such high quality cheese, such great flavor - everything that Kraft is not.  Don't miss this app.I also ordered a spinach salad, which was way bigger than I thought (can be split easily between 2-3 people as a pre-entree snack), and came coated with yummy gorgonzola dressing, and plenty of sweet fruit like strawberries, pears, and dried cranberries.  There were some random bread pieces stuck in the salad that were kind of awkward and didn't really add much to the dish, but other than that it was good to have some veg.My boyfriend and I split one of the fish specials - mahi-mahi and rock shrimp over a rice pilaf with some veggies (leeks, and others).  It was well-prepared, light, and fresh.  Everyone enjoyed their entrees, which included sauteed chicken, and striped bass in a Moroccan preparation.We managed to make room for dessert - our friends shared a chocolate cake of some sort that looked terrifyingly rich, and my boyfriend and I made short work of the profiteroles (filled with luscious chocolate gelato).  Everything ranged from good to excellent, with the bright spots far more memorable than the low points.  Service was good, the prices aren't too high, and the food is always a treat.  Park Bruges didn't bowl me over quite as thoroughly as Point Brugge, but I will undoubtedly be back to give them several more opportunities to try!But really....the macaroni and cheese.  You're crazy (or lactose intolerant?) if you don't order it.  NOM.
4	As much as I L-O-V-E-D Park Bruges' concept (menu, actual food, service, etc.) the only thing that bothers me about it is the decoration and look of the restaurant. Don't get me wrong, it's clean, chic and super trendy, standing out in the quiet neighborhood of Highland Park. However, I'd expect something a bit more in theme with "Belgium." Besides that, everything works. The beer selection is modest but incredibly diverse (we tried: 3 Philosophers, Hoegaarden White, and Grimbergen Blond). The PEI Mussels in classic white wine sauce are not to be missed. Mussels the size of your fat aunt's large toe (a.k.a. very big), and so succulent you can't help but lick the plate after you're done.I'd love to come back in the summer and sample other beers on a hot day.
5	I love seeing all these quality spots coming to Highland Park. As the neighborhood I grew up in, HP has always been a great area, but spots like Park Bruges are really making it a destination.I stopped in for brunch and was pleased to see a brunch menu with varied choices as well as a prefix option.Like it's sister location, Park B offers great food, great service and a great atmosphere - Pretty much all you could want in a neighborhood restaurant.
5	I dined here with 2 friends this past Tuesday. We all enjoyed the moules frites in white wine and shared a decadent chocolate dessert. The service was great and the atmosphere was comfortable, it wasn't noisy like most eateries. Although I prefer Point Brugge, I would return to this place.
5	Such great food. I try to be health conscious when eating out (meaning whole grain, real food, and served with fresh fruit and veggies).  At most restaurants I only find two items that are healthy that I would like. Here I was shocked at how many options on the menu qualify ... even whole grain grilled cheese with tomatoes for my child. Things were both healthy and delicious too!  I had a salmon omelet of the day and my hubby had a sausage sandwich with an egg on it. I love eggs, so I think I could eat here every day!The atmosphere could qualify as romantic or social depending on the time of day.  And there was great art work on the walls giving it a very modern feel, mixing nicely some old looking touches with great art work.  I also drink a lot of water at meals.  I loved that they had a bottle of water in the middle of all tables... and it was a neat bottle... kind of looked like an over sized wine bottle with a top that would go on and off... hey, it's all the finer details!
4	Went to Park Bruges for brunch today with the family.  Got there at 11am when they opened and there was already a crowd gathering to get in.  The space is significantly more open than the claustrophobic cramped space of their sister restaurant Point Bruges.Everyone loved their food.  I had the tarte flambee with Parma ham, arugula, cheese, rosemary, and eggs served over a light, crisp flatbread.  The ham and Gruyere croquet and steak and eggs also received raving reviews from the table.  I had a bite of the kids' liege waffles with ginger blueberries on top and they were delicious.  All of the portions are BIG.  We didn't get the prix fixe (one dish, one side, and one alcoholic drink) and were still stuffed at the end.  Of course, we got an order of mussels to share which were delicious as always. Service was excellent.  Our servers were bright and friendly and our coffee was frequently refilled.Overall, the opening of Park Bruges is a wonderful thing to happen to Highland Park.  It gives you the chance to experience all of the excellent food and beer of Point Bruges without being uncomfortably crammed like sardines into a tiny space during the extraordinarily long wait for your table.I would give Park Bruges 5 stars if it were not for the unsightly and quite frankly ghettotastic vacant lot next door.  Park Bruges sits right next to an overgrown vacant lot that 2 buildings used to occupy (including the old Terry Villa who used to make the best Cheesesteaks in Pittsburgh).  The grass and weeds are so overgrown they're almost above your head.  I know that's not their property, but they should figure out who owns it and offer to cut the grass!
5	Sigh. This was a delicious brunch.We tried everything from the Fritatta of the day, Mussels, Waffles, Brunch burger, and the Crab beignets.  The bloody mary was excellent. (it could have been my state of hangover but this could have been the most miraculous thing I've ever had to drink)The Mussels - as usual for Pointe/Park Bruges were delicious. They deliver. Always.  The only place in pittsburgh that even compares for mussels is Monterey Pub on the North Shore.Everything else was top-notch.  The variety was excellent - plenty of brunchy items - but good mix of the their specialties.  Writing this now makes me want to go back this weekend. I'm upgrading from 4 to 5 stars.
3	Went back for dinner this past weekend and was a bit less impressed.The moules frites left me extremely satisfied and were quite tasty.  My glass of wine was a measly 3-4 oz.  Seriously?  I easily paid for your cost of the bottle of wine in one glass... you can spare another ounce or two.. geez.Also, my partner got the southwest veggie burger.  The texture was pretty mushy and sad and the poblano pepper was unseeded and EXTREMELY HOT.  To the point of inedible.  When we mentioned this to the server she just kind of shrugged her shoulders, did not offer to send it back, so my partner had to scrape pretty much all of the burger toppings off to make it edible.Anyhow, we'll probably go back.
5	What's up, cheesecurds?  Poutine was solidly great - the cheese curds were squeaky, and that's the make-or-break.  Also, I pretty much swam in my mussel broth.  Yums.
4	One simple little statement:  Get the Brugge burger.  I was leaning pork chop but our server gave me the ol' crinkly face when I asked her opinion, and in the "oh-crap-I-don't-have-a-plan-B-what's-the-first- thing-I-see" moment, I see burger.  Meh.  Okay, rough week, let's indulge.Burger comes.  Looks okay.  No lettuce, no tomato, just burger, mayo, cheese, a bit of short rib chillin' under gouda.  Decide I'll ask for the LT, but no servers to be seen, I grab the bun.  It's crispy/flaky on the outside.  I am intrigued.  I go in for the bite.  and...BOOM.  Best burger I've had in Pittsburgh.  Lettuce & tomato is for chumps.  Seriously, this thing is fantastic; some people describe things as a "party in my mouth."  Well, if it's normally just a party, this is a Tiesto-DeadMau5 rave.  Get the Brugge burger.(Yes, I only gave it 4 stars...it looks modern/chic inside, which is not at all like Belgium, and I think a place that has a good beer list should have a great bar, but it looks like more of an afterthought.)
5	This is the first 5-star review I've given in a long time.  It's hard to live up to the hype, especially that PGH yelpers tend to label everything the "Best in Pittsburgh."  In my experience, that label has been placed on very questionable places.  This place, however, is a homerun.For a Sunday brunch, I couldn't be happier.  The much-touted mussels were as great as advertised.  The mussels are in a brilliant and delicious broth, which you just want to drink straight up.  And the bread is a perfect fluff with a crunchy crust to soak up the juices.The serving sizes are large -- and for around $10-14 per entree, it's head-scratching how they can make a profit.  You get a LOT of smoked salmon with your eggs benedict, you get a LOT of lamb with your Moroccan eggs, and you get a pizza sized Torte Flambe.In addition, the service was excellent.  The food was out quickly, the waitstaff walked the tables offering coffee refills (a welcome change from having to track them down!), and they were friendly and helpful with the menu items.Based on all the previous reviews, there are several items I'm eager to try next time.  I don't think you can ask for anything more.
4	Being a fan of Point Bruge cafe I wanted to try the Park Bruges cafe as well. The food was nice but you can clearly see the difference in the environment, the atmosphere and the food. Park Bruges is larger than point bruges but less cozy and "familish". Food is still of great quality even though for example the great basil mayo sauce was now simply mayo a d the fries seemed more like precooked ones. In general though it is a great choice for food definitely.
5	After church, my 7-year-old daughter wanted to have lunch "in the city."  I had hoped to visit Point Brugge.  They were running a 45 minute wait.  So, I called over to Park Bruges in Highland Park and no wait at all.  I asked the hostess if the place OK for kids and she immediately replied: "But of course!"  I appreciate that kind of warm welcome for kid diners.By the time we arrived, we ended up having to wait a few minutes as the place was slammed all of a sudden and a few tables were in the process of tabbing out.  No problem, it gave me and my daughter time to look over the menu where nearly every item sounded like something I wanted to try.  Deciding on what to order was no easy task.In the end, my daughter went with the mac and cheese (but of course, she's 7!).  I would order this myself next time!  I had a few bites and it was really good.I ordered the special - beef short rib hash.  Heavenly.  The beef was melt in your mouth good, crispy potatoes and veggies.  Plus, it came with a brunch beverage - the spicy bloody mary went great with what I ordered.  (You can choose between a mimosa, beer cocktail, glass of prosecco or a bloody mary.)  Maybe I'm just getting older and cranky but I'm finding that Sunday brunch is a lost art these days.  Sunday brunch does not equal silver tins of sausage and bacon and a waffle station.  I can get both at the Residence Inn and it's free with my room.But we were both very pleased with Sunday brunch at Park Bruges in every way: ambience (sleek without being stuffy), service (incredibly friendly and welcoming to me and my kid, very attentive), food (delicious!) and value (I love when my entree comes with a choice of brunch beverage).  Can't wait to go back on Sunday!
5	Love love love Park Brugge! Moules - both preparations are incredible. Poutine is best in Pittsburgh. Great beer selection too.
5	Two friends and I went to Park Bruges and ordered a smorgasbord of food.  Seriously, it almost didn't fit on the table.  But alas, let me start at the beginning.  Our wait was short, just enough time to grab a drink at the bar.  I couldn't resist getting a beer off of the extensive list, but my dinner mates each got cocktails (Beer Sangria!!) that were creative and tasty.  The bartender and hostess were very friendly.We ordered the following (for real, it was just us 3, don't judge):  Tarte Flambee - classic version, the Cheese Board with chorizo, Asian Chicken Skewers, and Moules Frites - Spicy Creole.  For dessert we ordered these three cream puffs with hazelnut deliciousness inside.  My absolute favorite dish was the Moules Frites.  You CAN get great mussels in Pittsburgh!  The Creole version had Maytag bleu cheese that melted in your mouth.  The Frites were perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft inside.  What a treat.  When I come again I'm getting this allllll for me!My second favorite was the Cheese Board.  I'm a complete sucker for a good Cheese Board and this one had a great mix of cheeses, including one of my favorites, St. Andre's.  The Skewers and Tarte Flambee were good, although I found the Asian Skewers a bit out of place.  I actually liked the cucumber salad that came with it more than the skewers.  Still wonderfully tender, delicious chicken, though.  The Tarte Flambee was good but it didn't stand out after gorging myself on everything else.  Service was good, waitresses were attentive and friendly.  Best of all, our bill was surprisingly lower than what we were expecting.  I highly recommend Park Bruges...the dinner I had stands out as one of the best I've had so far this year.  I can't wait to go back.
4	I enjoy this  as much as Point Bruges.  Everything food-wise is pretty much the same, however the space is a bit larger at this location.  I had the liege waffles, which were made to perfection.  It came with bananas foster on top, which was just fantastic.  If you're looking for brunch in the Pittsburgh area, this is one of the must eats in Pittsburgh.  The brunch special is 20-23 dollars, with your main entree, side and drink (whether, beer, mimosa, bellini, etc.).  Very reasonable, considering the quality of the food.  Can't wait to go back!
5	The poutine was terrific.  The portions are huge -- the appetizers are meals unto themselves.  Very classy vibe, yet not stuffy.  Try the poutine
4	I usually go to Point Bruges - but, Park Bruges is just a good..... fabulous food and huge portions!  Small plate of mussels and a salad... perfect!  My table mates had the steak salad and the dinner special (snapper) -- terrific!
5	I had lunch here yesterday, and holy crap did I love my grilled cheese sandwich.  Despite being relatively simple, it was one of the best restaurant versions I've ever had.  The bread was wonderful (and stayed crisp the whole time!), the cheese was gooey and melty, and the oven-roasted tomatoes added a wonderful smokiness to the sandwich.  Imagine the flavor of hearty marinara sauce without the actually messy sauce, and that's what these tomatoes were like.  And I got it with bacon, of course!  Coleslaw on the side to lighten things up, and I was a happy camper.  I ate the whole thing, and since I generally have only a moderate appetite, I think that shows wise portion sizes on the part of Park Bruges.  The sandwich was $9 with bacon, I believe $8 without.I also got the "side salad" which was $7, and seemed expensive, but it was also enormous.  2 people could easily share this and each person's portion would still be larger than your usual "side salad."  I loved the sweet walnuts, and tangy cheese on top to keep the salad exciting.Service was a little slow, but our server was very friendly and brought us some bread and butter since we were so hungry.  They were busy, but not packed, at 1:15 on a Saturday.  Lunch is a great way to get a taste of this place for a smaller price - and they offer their macaroni and cheese at lunch too!  I wanted so badly to order it, but I was determined to try something new and I'm so glad I did.  I could eat one of those grilled cheese sandwiches every day.
5	I ended up stopping at this restaurant this past weekend for brunch with companion.  Having been here and to the sister restaurant before I once again held high hopes and was not disappointed.  The decor of the restaurant is nice with a lot of open space and seating which is good since it  seems to fill up quickly.  We arrived at 11, their opening time, on a Sunday and within a few minutes the restaurant was almost full.  By the time that we left almost an hour later there was a fairly big wait for a time.For brunch I ended up ordering the omelet of the day which had barbeque pulled pork, jalepeno cheddar cheese and onion.  Now that may sound a little weird but It was easily one of the best omelets that I have ever tasted in my life.  The BBQ sauce was of the Carolina variety, so a bit vinegary which fit perfectly against the spiciness of the cheese.  By the end I felt like I had almost eaten a very good pulled pork sandwich which in my opinion is perfect for brunch.  My dining companion ended up getting the tarte flambee.  It was a very interesting dish that almost ended looking like a flat bread pizza but was also very tasty.The bottom line for me is that the food was fantastic and I will definitely be back in the near future!
5	Great place!  Never had a bite I didn't like! The food is great, nice and imaginative, very lively flavors.  The atmosphere is absolutely awesome! The waiters are very kind and agreeable, adding to the overall convivial environment inside the Point.  Very nice place.  Go there. You won't be disappointed.
3	I would actually want to give this place a 3.5, but am leaning more towards a 3 because we weren't wowed by this place and there are limited options on the menu.The menu is kind of small in my opinion, but it seems that most people go there for the mussels.  We started with Soup of the Day (which at this moment I can not remember, but was it was good!) and House Salad.  Both were slightly above average.  The main thing I liked about the House Salad was the dressing!Then we got the mussels in the Lobster sauce and braised short ribs.  Mussels were yummy and definitely be my choice if we came back.  The braised short ribs were a little disappointing.  It was cooked pretty well, tender and moist, but I didn't think the flavor was that good.They also carry Anchor Steam beer here, in case you're a fan of the San Francisco brew.
4	Point Brugge in a bigger space.  (That's a good thing.)  It's about the same menu, same good service levels - solid meal.We had mussels when we went on a Tuesday evening, my usual standby at the other location.  (The lobster-Pernod sauce is good, but the white wine and garlic is the best.)  Service was excellent.  The space is larger than the other location, but it was still surprisingly packed on a Tuesday evening.  Not sure exactly why, but I can't give them five stars.  It's a solid establishment, but it's missing a kick to push me over the hump to five stars.  Solid spot for a meal, though.
5	This place will fill your belly! Good food great beer and amazing service!
4	Enjoyed dinner here for the first time since the opening, and YUM. The restaurant seemed to be pretty crowded, but the host did a fantastic job of traffic control and really had people moving in quickly as tables were vacated. Our server was quick and friendly, and my seasonal draft beer (Penn Brewery Chocolate Stout) was fantastic. Partner and I split the tasty classic poutine, and then each had sandwiches (me: Southwest veggie burger, him: chicken sandwich). Both were good, but not as good as the poutine. My advice: get here early or late on the weekends, because the place isn't huge (though bigger than its sibling, Point Brugge) and I don't think they take reservations. The waiting area is pretty small (and right in front of the door), which led to some folks waiting in the vestibule. The bar area is sort of cramped and busy, meaning that if you can't grab a barstool, you're likely to be blocking traffic and moving out of the way quite a bit.  Try the poutine and the beers on tap. I'm definitely coming back for a tarte flambe!
5	I was skeptical about this spin off of the Point Bruges restaurant and was pleasantly surprised. I recommend both the dinner menu and the brunch/lunch menu. Both the dinner and brunch dishes were excellent. The hostess was very pleasant, my brunch wait person was not. The Point Bruges is exceptional too! You can't go wrong at either location.
4	Another highly talked about restaurant in the bag!  I know just a few days ago I raved about the cute little neighborhood of Highland Park, but I must say again, it's adorable!  I'm just surprised that most of the storefronts on this road were shuttered or closed down.  It's a shame with Park Bruge being so popular... You'd think more people would come out here seeking other businesses.  But I digress...A late afternoon lunch offered a chance to slip right in.  Still being on a diet, I resisted the urge to order the poutine (soon, my friends, there will be some cheat days!).  I saw the Spinach Salad and thought, perfect!  The salad comes with strawberries, pears, dried cranberries, candied walnuts and multigrain crostini.  I also added in portobello mushrooms for an extra $2.  Good choice on my part!  The bello's were nice, big and juicy and a perfect addition to a flavorful salad.  I really enjoyed the creamy chevre walnut dressing too, especially because they don't scrimp on it (if you like light dressing you might want to get it on the side).  I also really loved the candied walnuts (dah!).  There was a ton of spinach, so you really don't have to worry about it being a dinky salad!  The crostini, meh, I took a couple nibbles but left most aside.  The service was extremely friendly but laid back.  To the point where if you had somewhere to be, you may want to keep an eye on time, it can get a little slow.  I definitely want to come back off diet so I can indulge in some of the delicious looking items ie POUTINE!
5	Every time I've been to Park Bruges I have been astounded.  Nothing I have ever had there has been bad.  My recommendation first and foremost is to try their frites - you will not be disappointed.  It comes with a garlic mayonnaise which will knock your socks off.  I have been there for both brunch and dinner, and it is wonderful for both.  The wait staff is great and very efficient.  Their cocktail list also features some delicious choices that go very well with your meal.
4	Darren brought me here a few weeks ago, and I liked the mussels but not as much as the mussels I've had at other restaurants. But their frites are some of the very best anywhere. My chocolate souffle was also divine.
4	"If I was born on a farm and was retarded, Bruges might impress me, but I wasn't and I'm not, so it doesn't" -Colin Farrell, IN BRUGESI must respectfully disagree Mr. Farrell. Park Bruges thoroughly impressed me with their variety of classical Belgian dishes, friendly and competent staff, cozy location and impressive beer list.My ever present girlfriend and I met a few friends at Park Bruges one Tuesday evening for some dinner. It was a beautiful night so we opted to sit outside (it was also the only remaining four top in the restaurant). Since we were the second to arrive, our friends already had a table outside. Therefore, I will refrain from reviiwing the atmosphere inside the actual restaurant for the time being. I am going back so look for it in either another review, or an edit of this one. What I did see through the large picture window looked like a cozy little place with a nice bar and seating for maybe 40.To lead off any good meal, I think you need a good beer. Park Bruges certainly comes through in that department. While their draft selection is a little limited, they more than make up for it by having a very, very nice selection of bottles, both Belgian and craft/import. This is a big plus for my friend, Jon, a Belgian beer nut, who likes Park Bruges even more than I do. While I respect the Belgian ales, and do partake on occassion, I like a greater variety than the yeasty sweetness you get in those particular styles, and the melange of other options pleased me greatly.The service was very good also. Our server was nice, attentive, and informative, a great combination for a waitress. She always made sure our glasses were never empty, our old plates were always quickly whisked away almost as soon as we were done, and we always had plenty of fresh bread. This is very important as you will see in a minute.On to the main event, the food. I went there expecting to get a nice meal, maybe an appetizer, dessert, and main. That all went out the window when I saw the menu and wanted everything on it. That's usually a good sign so I went with my gut (literally, I was starving) and loaded up on slald, soup, fries, a burger, mussels, and dessert. Yes I am a fatass, but at least I am a happy fatass.For the salad I got the regular house salad tossed in a champagne vinegarette. Overall, I remember it being a good salad, but the other items I had kind of overshadowed it, so sorry I can't be a little more detailed. As my salad was coming out, my friends were getting their onion soups. One look and a whif later I am chasing down the waitress to get one for myself. One of the better ideas I have had in some time if I may say. It came out piping hot, like a good onion soup should, and somthered in creamy, melty,emmental cheese. The apples they put in it kind of threw me through a loop, but it was a good loop to be sure.The next item I got was the PEI mussels in a classic garlic, onion, white wine, and cream sauce. They mussels were cooked well so they were firm, but not rubbery. The sauce they were in was the true star of the dish. I was a little thinner than what I would have made myself, but it tasted fantastic. This is where all that extra bread came in handy. They didn't even need to rinse the plate after I got through with it.For dinner I got the Bruges Burger with coleslaw and an order of the pomme frites. The burger was cooked medium rare, like I like it and the shredded short ribs mixed with the creamy gruyere was a delightful little pop to the sandwich. It was a good burger, not the best I have had, but I wouldn't hesitate to order it again. The fries were also done properly as well. They were double fried and seasoned well (take note Pittsburgh, crispy, salty fries are invading and I am telling them where to find resistance fighters) and the garlic mayo added the perfect bit of zazz to go with them.For dessert we had a stout infused Belgian waffle with a homemade chocolate-candied walnut ice cream. It was good, and a manager told me it was an experiment, but I felt it fell a little flat. The stout just made the waffle taste burned, but the ice cream, the truly good part, covered up the flavor well. I would liked to have seen perhaps a fruit sorbet with the stout waffle, or maybe a Lindeman's Framboise, or Kriek infused waffle with the same ice cream.All said and done, I really enjoyed my visit to Park Bruges. I wish that I could have rated them higher, but it was just a few flaws that kept them out of the top slot. I gave them the "Yay, I'm a fan!" rating because the one or two little misteps kept them out of the realm of "Woohoo! As good as it gets!". Park Bruges may not be as good as it gets, but they are pretty damn close. I look forward to my next visit.
5	This might be my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I have been here multiples times for brunch and dinner, and a few times just for drinks. All of these experiences have been great.I can never resist the mussels with white wine sauce - I always ask for extra bread to soak up the extra sauce so I don't "waste" a single taste! Also AMAZING is the flat iron steak salad. I ask for the steak medium-rare and it is always cooked to perfection. The warm potatoes and champagne vinaigrette create a great combination with the blue cheese and caramelized onions (if that sounds strange to you, you'll have to trust me and try it!). I try the mac & cheese everywhere I go, and I have to say this is not my favorite mac & cheese in town (it is a little thick for my liking), but it is good. And don't forget to save room for dessert!Prices are reasonable and the fact that it is BYOB (not advertised, but you can bring your own bottle for a $5-10 corking fee), makes it the perfect place to have a nice 3-course dinner for 2 without spending over $100.Brunch has some similar options to its sister restaurant, but it also has some new/different items. Among my favorites are the eggs benedict, veggie frittata, and salmon scrambler.Last, if you love Belgian beer (like I do), you will appreciate their selection and the bartender's knowledge. They can make good recommendations based on your preferences, so it is a good place to try out some new brews.
4	Park is not the best Bruges that's ever been a Pittsburgh Bruges, but it's certainly a fine Bruges.You see, Park Bruges, has green curry mussels and Point Bruges has Red Curry.  Maybe Park = Green.  Maybe there's some other cause.  I don't know.  But I do know that Green is not as good as Red.  So there.When you're there, do get a Belgoo beer, they're amazing.  The burger is also a stand out.
4	My friend, A, and I went to brunch here.  I have been to Point Bruges several times and know that if you want to go to brunch and don't want to wait in line you get there early.  We arrived at 10:30 for an 11 am open.  We were not the only ones.  Standing about 4th in line, we were sat within minutes of opening and had waters and some of the best coffee I have ever had within a few minutes more.  A and I like to think that we are brunch professionals having sampled quite a few in the city, so we knew that we should try something varied in order to share.  She ordered the omelette of the day which was prosciutto, asparagus and goat cheese with fresh fruit.  The salty meat and savory vegetables melded perfectly with the creamy goat cheese.  The eggs were cooked to perfection with just enough crisp on the edges.  Slices of cantaloupe, honeydew and watermelon surrounded a pile of strawberries and grapes.  All of the fruit was perfectly ripe.  I ordered the brunch-style Poutine.  When eating out, go big or go home.  The massive pile of double-fried fries was covered with 2 fried eggs - again perfectly cooked.  These people know their eggs.  Scattered throughout the pile were local cheese curds.  Having a lot of friends from Wisconsin, I like to think that I know my cheese curds.  They need to squeak if they are good - and these squeaked away.  A surprising treat was the homemade maple-apple sausage.  Real apples, definitely real maple syrup and delicious pork made up the sausage.  The fries were definitely more than I could handle, but A was happy to help.  For me, brunch would not be complete with a Bloody Mary and this was a serious Bloody Mary - no pre-made, store-bought mix here.  Absolute love.  All in all, this has to be one of the best brunches in the city.  I look forward to coming back for dinner!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go with my boyfriend. We've had two really solid experiences here, with delicious, comforting food and excellent service. I love the ambiance, and I love walking around Highland Park after dinner. I definitely recommend this place for a great, easy dinner with friends and family. When I move into the city I'm going to become a regular here, and I cannot wait!
4	So, I take you all pretty seriously when you talk about pounds of mussels and bruises from frites, so I ran the gauntlet of this dangerous-sounding one-two food combo and I'd like to think I came out the victor. I even had my frites laying helplessly in pools of their friends' - the mussels - green curry. No seriously, that was a great decision - putting the fries in the mussel sauce, that is! Not going to lie, the frites were not the most impressive iteration of the potato that I've ever had, but they were a nice psychological flotation device to have on hand when I started to panic and think I was too deep in fancy waters. Having said thaaaat, this restaurant is gorgeous! Nicely lit, lovely location with a quaint view from the ginormous windows at night. The standing bar was a bit too close to the sitting bar, as my group found out when we were asked to violate the fire code by waiting there until our table was ready, but I doubt this is frequently a problem - the restaurant is rather small for its popularity, yes, but we went on a rainy day, so the outside option was unavailable. The service was also excellent (our server, at least!), and, I'm not sure if it is their dress code...literally....but all the servers were wearing cute little dresses that were all different, but all attuned to the ambiance of the place! (Oh, and they were all female, hope that helps in your visualization.) Everyone at our table got something different, including the day's special (which was juicy, juicy duck with grilled seasonal vegetables), french onion soup (which I hear was delicious, but did not try), salmon (which was literally phenomenal), and a tarte flambee (which I also did not try...starting to see the new gluten-free trend?).That didn't even slow us down! Next up was the strawberry shortcake, which I was assured was tasty, and the gluten free chocolate cake, which is stuffed with a delicious cream that CHANGES FLAVOUR EVERY DAY. Changes. Every. Day. And the gluten free chocolate cake stays the same! Which is good, because that thing was perfect. I will be back. For that. Every day?
4	I've been to their sister restaurant (Point Brugge) before and been really pleased and this was no exception.   It's a little out of the way from where I live and in the middle of a residential area but worth the effort to make a trip here.  This restaurant is a little larger than Point Brugge so I would anticipate a shorter wait.The staff were really accommodating.  We had a very large group and after requesting a table for 8 to 10, we ended up with 14 people.   They made extra efforts to get everyone seats at our table and making sure we were accommodated.  With a group that large, I anticipated slow service and the food did take a while to come out and drink requests and refills were slow.  I imagine the service is much more personal and quicker for smaller groups.  I split the dinner moules frites (mussels and frites) in the spicy creole sauce with someone.   The sauce was nice and spicy and had great flavor.   It was great for dipping the bread they provide (which is a little on the crusty side) and gave a nice taste to the mussels.   With a lb and half of mussels, bread and fries, this dish was perfect for sharing.  They also have a good beer and wine selection and a nice bar area to sit at while waiting.
4	I didn't think mussels got any better than the red curry mussels at the original Point Bruges, but I was wrong.  The green curry mussels here are amazing, a little spicey for some, but I couldn't stop eating.  I had the short ribs for dinner which was good.  I ordered it because it comes with a parsnip puree.  This was good, but not as good as the only other time i've had it.
5	We love this place. Great food, drinks and atmosphere!
4	Went here today for lunch after having been wowed a few weeks ago by Point Brugge Cafe. We arrived around 1 pm and there was a bit of a wait. It's Sunday, no big deal. After about 10 minutes we were escorted to our adorable mosaic tile table and handed a brunch menu. I wasn't expecting to have to order brunch since it was a little later, but there were lots of appetizing looking choices. I wanted to try the frites, as I had read the reviews and you Yelpers consistently recommend them. We ordered some for the table as a started. They did not disappoint. I've never had frites that were that addictive! I think I stopped talking the moment they arrived, and didn't come up for air until they were gone. So perfectly delicious and the garlic dijion mayo was a perfect pairing for dipping...and I don't even like mayo!I ordered the Vegetable frittata of the day, which had Gouda, carmelized onions, tomatoes, and a heavenly pesto sauce. It was really tasty and fresh, and served with chilled fruit which was a nice light touch. I don't think I've ever had a better frittata. It was perfectly cooked and the quality of ingredients was apparent. My wife ordered the eggs diablo, which I obviously sampled. I really loved the sauce, but I'm not a huge fan of banana peppers so it wouldn't be something I would order. There were a few veggie friendly choices on the menu, so we had more than one option when choosing our lunch/brunch. The other folks at our table got meaty type dishes and raved about them. The restaurant itself, like it's sister location, is adorable. It's a place where you instantly feel comfortable and you just know a special dining experience is awaiting you. I'm excited to come back and try that incredible looking banana nut french toast. And to try the dinner menu!
4	Tried this for Sunday brunch and wow, am I glad I did! It was terrific. Great little place with a nice comfortable atmosphere. Food was creative, fresh and quite tasty. I had several possible choices that made my mouth water but ended up selecting the Eggs Benedict with rosemary Parma ham with a chive hollandaise sauce. It was so good!! Eggs cooked perfectly, the sauce was filled with fresh chive flavor and was a fabulous accompaniment. My wife ordered the green curry mussels and the bowl was a rich bath of spicy broth and a generous serving of delightful mussels. I consider myself a mussels expert and order them whenever I get a chance and was SO happy to sample hers. Repeatedly! They were among the best I've ever had. The sauce was a delightful blend of curry spice with the distinct flavors of cilantro and basil. Yum. I wanted to stick my face in that bowl and lick it clean. Instead, we asked for extra bread and did it in a more civilized manner! But wow, was it ever good. The vegetable fritatta was really good and the baked eggs Diablo hit nearly every possible note you'd want in a breakfast entree - marinara, banana peppers, capers, and olives. I mean, what could be bad about that? It was super tasty. And oh yeah, those Bruge frites? Awesome. And yes, they ARE suitable for breakfast! I'll be back!
4	Really a 4.5, but I'm rounding down.My boyfriend and I came here for lunch. I was initially surprised by the decor. I'm visiting PGH for the first time, and Park Bruges doesn't look like any other place I've been to so far in PGH. It's modern-ish and I loved it. The staff seemed really relaxed. We were seated immediately, as we were arriving for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. There were about 5 or 7 other tables with customers.We were given water immediately, and our waitress seemed nice enough. He ordered the Bruges burger, I the grilled veggie melt (I can't remember the name and it's not on the menu on the website), and we shared an order of Bruges frites.The fries were perfectly salted, but soggy. One of the reasons why it's not 5 stars. They weren't greasy soggy, just soggy. I also like my french fries piping hot, and these weren't burn-your-mouth-hot, so not ideal for me. The roasted garlic dijon mustard that comes with the fries in delish though! I plan on recreating it at home.My boyfriend says the burger is the best burger he's ever had. The bun to meat ratio is fantastic, and the bun is perfectly toasted. The patty was juicy (as witnessed by me, because it was dripping juices onto his plate) but the bun didn't get soggy at all. As a vegetarian, even I thought the burger looked amazing.My veggie sandwich was amazing. As silly as it sounds, a good/well made grilled veggie sandwich is hard to come by. Often times the bread will not stand up well to cooked vegetables, and water from the vegetables will drip all over the place. The sandwich has arugula (my fave), grilled zucchini, roasted peppers, tomatoes, feta, hummus, and maybe some other things I can't remember. It was all on a perfectly toasted ciabatta bread. It was crispy enough to hold up to the vegetables, but not so hard that it cuts the roof of your mouth when you bite into it.My biggest complaint about lunch was the slaw that came with the burger and sandwich. I still haven't figured out what was off about it, but it was not tasty. I seemed oily, and kind of flavorless. With that being said, the sandwich and burger more than made up for a sub optimal coleslaw.
5	I am picky, let that be known. Park Brugges satisfies my endless craving for mussels much in the same way its sister restaurant does. Situated in the charming business district of Highland Park, Park Brugges is a great place to spend a romantic evening, or get your grub on after work. Roll up those sleeves because moule's can get a bit messy at times if you dive into them with a zeal such as mine.I imagine they have other fantastic dishes on their menu, I am sure of it. Alas, I doubt I will ever discover it for myself as I am too busy getting lost in a sea of curried moules and crispy frites (mayo!), while the current of Unibroue carries me onward.
4	I would say that there's better places for brunch in Pittsburgh than Park Bruges, however, they do a good job with the dishes they have. I thoroughly enjoyed the French Toast - stuffed with apples. I felt like their Tarte Flambee could have more of a kick to it, a little too bland considering the description on the menu reads, "chorizo & potato hash, corn, cheddar cheese, shirred eggs, pico de gallo."Overall - not too bad for the price. Great for a lazy Saturday morning.
4	Located in a residential area in Highland Park.  Awesome mussels and Belgian beer selection, but you have to pay extra for the frites to go with your mussels.  Service is good.  Wish they were open a bit later (close at 10pm on Fri/Sat night).  All the food I've had there has been great, but I wish their menu was a little bigger.  Atmosphere is pretty modern and felt a little cold for my taste.
5	We loved it! There was a short wait on a Saturday evening but we sat at the bar and enjoyed some Belgian beers. Our dinners were delicious! The mussels are the best I've had in Pittsburgh! The decor and atmosphere are fun and warm and the staff was knowledgable about both the dinner menu and the beer menu.  We will definitely go back.
5	Excellent!Friendly wait staff. Clean and contemporary. Try the mussels with the beurblanc sauce and crusty French bread...amazing!
5	This is one of the best brunch locations I've been to.The location is decent enough - the biggest point for me being ample street parking (on a Sunday morning, at least).  The atmosphere - clean and contemporary.  Some people might find it a bit too sterile, but I thought it suited well for our meal.The pricing is pretty good - it's a little on the higher end in my opinion, but it's WELL worth it for the amount and quality of food.The service - excellent service.  As someone who worked as a server for years, I'm pretty critical of waitstaff when I go out to eat.  They didn't disappoint.The food - Absolutely insanely delicious.  I did their prix fixe brunch which was eggs benedict with rosemary ham, potatoes au gratin, and a mimosa.  The portion was pretty large, but not so large that I couldn't finish it.  Every bite was incredible.  Overall - I'd obviously recommend this place.  I have only been there for the brunch so I'm not sure how other meals stack up, but it's great for a weekend morning.  I'm looking forward to visiting again!
2	My review covers Sunday brunch. Points for attentive service with personality and for cooking with butter instead of processed vegetable oils. The food: Parmesan & Herb BiscuitsI will preface this by saying I was fortunate enough to date a girl from the mid-west once who was an amazing cook that made the best biscuits and sausage gravy I've ever tasted to this day - so I have high standards.The good: Portion size somewhat in line with the price tag. Eggs and biscuits were well done. Didn't skimp on the amount of sausage in the gravy. The bad: Bland. Meh all over again. Despite all of that suasage the gravy was still surprisingly void of any flavor. More black pepper may have helped, but wouldn't have completely solved it. In the end, after years of watching, I can simply do better at home. Lastly, as others have commented, it gets LOUD in here, not my cup of tea as far as atmosphere goes. Not likely to return. Meh. That about covers it.
5	Yes Yes Yes... This is the place I have been looking for.  Excellent moules frites and long list of belgian beers with some hard-to-find selections on draft!  I was not overwhelmingly impressed with the flat bread or poutine appetizers, but the outstanding mussels more than make up for that in my mind.  I was so busy gorging myself on mussels and beer that I barely remembered to speak to my fellow diners... Sorry friends - I'm an antisocial diner with food this good in front of me.
4	This is a great little place - it has become very popular with the locals because of the great beer selections and authentic European fare. I am a huge fan of their moules & frittes, as everyone else is. (Although, if we are splitting hairs, I wish they would omit the cream from their "Marniere" sauce - it is quite nice without it at home...Point Brugge was such a success, it was logical to have them expand out to a second location in order to accommodate their many fans. Service for us has always been spot on; the dishes come out hot, well-prepared, and with a smile. They have a great beer and wine list, and the overall experience and ambience is great. The remainder of the menu is also wonderful (try the rotisserie 1/2 chicken... delicious!) and well worth a try. Very nice restaurant for families - staff were friendly and helpful when we brought our little one along for the ride - she loved the food off the regular menu as well!Pros:Everything on the menuServiceCons:Can get somewhat crowded on the weekends, but that's to be understood!Parking is a little rough when the neighborhood is crowded at night
5	mussels. poutine. beer. !!! great service and great food.
5	Our waitress was nice and attentive, the food was great, and the dessert was decadent. I had the lamb shank and my wife had the special of roast duck, both were moist and delicious. We finished the night off with a wonderful piece of chocolate cake. We had a really good time.
3	It was nice but unexceptional.   Some of the friendliest service you'll find anywhere.  An extensive and reasonably priced belgium beer list.  Attractive ambiance.  But the food?  Despite legitimate belgium dishes like mussels in white wine sauce and fries with gravy (poutine) every dish we tried was universally heavy and bland.  They have live jazz nights and it's a cozy place to catch up with friends.  I love belgium brews, and I'd gladly come back for drinks but I'd pass on the pricey but mediocre food.
4	Well worth the trip out to Bryant Street in Highland Park.Be aware that Park Bruges does not take reservations, so your best bet is probably heading out for an early or late dinner.  Otherwise, this place fills up fast and you may be stuck with a long wait.  My boyfriend and I chose to dine here on Valentine's weekend, and had not trouble getting a table for 2 around 8:30pm.  Great European beer selection, with nice wine and cocktail lists as well.The service was fabulous.  I really wish I could remember our server's name...she was totally sweet and went out of her way to answer our questions about the menu.I'm not typically a fan of mussels, but these are not to be missed.  We went with the green curry preparation as per the recommendation of our server.  After we finished off the mussels, we used the loaves of crusty bread to mop up the rest of the curry.  If curry isn't your thing, they offer two other sauces: classic white wine and spicy creole.  For our meals, I went with the Grouper Special, while my boyfriend chose the Faroe Island Salmon.  We both really enjoyed our meals, although next time I would probably order the salmon myself!  The portions were generous, especially for the price.This is a solid spot for a casual, laid-back dining experience.  Great food options, friendly service, and usually pretty easy to find parking on Bryant Street.  Can't wait to come back soon for brunch!
3	Park Bruges is a cute restaurant located in Highland Park.  I went there for brunch and was a little disappointed based on the hype. First, the service wasn't great. Our server was rarely available. We waited a long time for drinks; so long that we saw the bartender make herself a drink and take a few swigs while we were waiting for ours. The mimosas were good according to my friends, but the bloody mary I had was terrible. It was excessively salty and peppery.The food itself is great. I had a brunch poutine that was amazing. The cheese curds, egg, sausage gravy, and fries all worked very well together. Everyone else enjoyed their food too, except for the potatoes gratin, which were undercooked.In summary, the food was great, but the service and drinks make me question how quickly I'll go back.
4	Ever since Park Bruges opened it has been great to enjoy the same quality as Point Brugge in a larger, more open space with less need for a wait.  This is a great go-to brunch location on a weekend....although the menu is slightly different than its sister location of Point Brugge some of the essentials remain such as Liege waffles (a must have!) and mussels (moules frites for brunch - why not?)  The brunch menu does change from time to time and while not all the choices are always top hits (some strange combos) it's always fun to try something new.
4	I brunch a lot. I am serious about brunch and having moved to pgh from phl I was worried that I wouldn't be able to find some great brunch places to fill the void. Luckily one of the first places I stumbled upon (with the help of google maps and yelp reviews) was Park Bruges. Situated on Bryant Street in Highland Park, they were right around the corner from where I stayed the first time I visited Pittsburgh. I feel pretty lucky to have this place be one of the first restaurants I've tried because it is so darned good. This is a Saturday and Sunday brunch place which is super important to me, the idea that you can only brunch on Sunday is something that Pittsburgh has GOT TO STOP. It's the weekend? you should be able to brunch. End of story.Their brunch menu is pretty big with lots of options if you're indecisive. They even have a prix fix option where you get a brunch beverages, brunch meal, and a side dish. I'm a big fan of their eggs benedict, steak and eggs, and brunch poutine (so decadent, and delicious). If you show up at a few minutes before 11am (when they open) there is a line to get in, but if you are in that line you are usually sat immediately at 11 which makes it a great way to be sure you can get in. I also like coming up here because of their proximity to E2 and tazzadora (in case the wait is too long I like options!)I've also recently had dinner here and I can admit that I was just as happy with that meal as I was with brunch (except that brunch is the best meal of the day and therefore trumps all other meals in my book regardless of how good they are). Overall, it's fair to say that I'm a fan and will continue to be a fan so long as they continue to feed me delicious brunch foods and cocktails.
1	Two out of three meals had multiple hairs in them.  You'd think they might comp them all but no such luck.  Long waits for hairy meals.  Won't be going back, that's for sure!Ew.  Gross
5	i've gone here for dinner once and brunch twice. i have not been disappointed. for dinner, i got the salmon with lentils. bomb. such great flavors together. the beer selection was also right up my alley. for brunch, i got the biscuits and gravy both times. the first time i got it as part of their prix fixe menu, so i opted for the potato casserole along with my biscuits. the potato thing was just ok. it lacked flavor, but with a little salt, it was better. the biscuits and gravy, on the other hand, were outstanding. topped with a fried egg! nomz! the second time i went, i did not want the prix fixe menu, so i got the biscuits and gravy with a side of frites. holy crap is that a generous portion of fries!!! and the horseradish sauce served with them was awesome. also, BEST BLOODY MARY I HAVE EVER HAD. so much dill and just deliciousness in every glass. i love this place. and the service has always been incredibly friendly and professional. i'd recommend this place a million times over.
5	We were in the area and stumbled on this little gem.  I know we were hungry and food always tastes better when you're hungry but the desserts were super duper yummy.  We ordered the Vegetable Frittata and Pork Belly... we enjoyed it all.  Then for dessert I ordered the profiteroles, my dad the chocolate souffle and my mom the Tarte Tatin.  We all agreed these desserts were phenomenal and we were so happy to have found this restaurant especially since we are tourists in pittsburgh.
3	I've heard people talk about this place all the time and finally decided to go and see for myself. It was prime brunch time and it was so crowded here that we had to get seated at the bar or else wait hours to get seated.  We ordered the baked french toast which looked extremely appetizing.  When I had a bite it seemed to lack something...There wasn't a lot of flavor in the strawberries that were in the french toast which was pretty disappointing. I ordered the bruges frites brunch style.  It was a heaping pile of fries, eggs, sausage gravy, and cheese.  The first few bites were amazing but afterwards i found the fries too salty, being covered in gravy made them soggy as well.  Some chunks of cheese were not melted and dispersed well enough either.  I liked the fries that were untouched by the gravy - one of the best fries I've ever eaten.
4	Overall, a very good experience. Came for Saturday brunch on Memorial Day weekend.  Came with a small group of friends and my 1-yr old.  No reservations were accepted, it's just first come, first served. We arrived just as they opened at 11am.  The place filled up while we were there, but it did not seem to be a long wait for those who came after us, probably due to the holiday weekend.  Only complaint on the service was that it did take someone a very long time to come take our order; however, we were not in a hurry, so we were happy to take our time...we were just very hungry!I ordered the baked eggs in chili verde which was almost stew-like with lots of green chillies, pulled pork, chipotle crema topped with two poached-style eggs and a few tortilla chips.  The flavor was generally very good; however, I was disappointed that there wasn't even the smallest bit of heat (as in spicy heat) to the green chili or in the chipotle sauce.  Perhaps there is an assumption that Pittsburgers can't handle a little spice?  Would be nice if there was at least an option of a slightly spicy version. I ordered a single Liege waffle for my 1-yr old, who loves waffles. I knew that this would be a crispier waffle due to the sugar-coating.  It was delicious; however it was SO caramelized that my little boy couldn't eat it with his 5 teeth, despite the fact that I cut it into very tiny pieces for him.  You need a full set of teeth for these waffles.  Next time, I will ask if they can do a "lighter" version of this, that's easier for kids to eat.  The gingered pear & apple compote on top of the waffle and the fresh fruit on the side was definitely a nice addition, though.Also worth noting, although this is a family-friendly place, there is no changing table in the restroom.  There is enough space to add one, though!  i hope the restaurant will seriously consider adding a changing table to each restroom.
5	I don't know why I've waited so long to Park Bruges- it has been a favorite of the hubs and I since moving to Pittsburgh. Now that we live in Highland Park, and 2 blocks from Bryant St., we go almost every week.To start, the wait is usually long. They don't accept reservations, so don't go here if you're looking for something quick. Do check it out if you want to taste the best mussels I've had in Pittsburgh. You're almost immediately greeted by the manager/hostess and put on a seating list. Grab some drinks at the bar, or if you prefer, run next door to a local bar for a few beers. I HIGHLY recommend the house salad- the champagne vinaigrette is AMAZING and will make even the strongest hater-of-salads sing a different tune. Any of the appetizers are worth a shot, but our personal favorite is the mac&cheese. It's creamy with a hint of spice. For dinner, hands down the moules frittes. Our personal favorite is the classic white wine, although we've tried every option. Get extra bread for dipping, and maybe a spoon. The sauce is THAT good. The fries are crispy and totally worth the calories you consume. If you have room for dessert try the flour-less chocolate cake.Good food, good service, good price... 2 blocks from home... can't get much better than that!
5	What's not to like? It's Pittsburgh, Belgian style. You like fries and beer? How about poutine and a Belgian beer? Maybe even a tasty plate of muscles.
5	AH! YES! I have been trying to get to Park or Pointe for years now, and finally got my wish. Of course, I headed straight for the muscles, and they were DIVINE! A fabulous white wine sauce drowns these delectable muscles in goodness, to the point when, after the bread is gone, you want to scoop spoonfuls of it in your mouth. YUM.My husband and I split the Bruges Burger, done medium rare, along with a side of greens. The burger was done to spec, and was delicious. The service was prompt and respectful, and the atmosphere was hopping. A little loud, but it was to be expected, noting the popularity of this location.
4	I have wanted to go here ever since I moved into Morningside. It troubles me I that I have eaten at so many restaurants in Pittsburgh, but never took the time eat at this local joint. I feel a mixture of sadness and happiness after visiting PBC. This place is awesome and I will be coming back. The decor, service, and food are top 5 stars. All I can say is that I was a little disappointed with the range of the beer menu. I was extremely pleased with my salad, but judging from the to wish I had order the mussels. They looked amazing!
2	It was our first time at this location as we usually go to Point Brugge.  We always order the moules and frites with white wine sauce. I left pretty disappointed.  While it has the same vibe as Point Brugge, I found the food didn't taste the same.  The white wine sauce was much more saltier and less flavorful.  It was a sharp salty taste that I couldn't get pass.  It didn't enhance the moules like it should have.  Frites were the only thing that was good.  Staff isn't as friendly or quick as Point Brugge.I think the only benefit to going here is that you don't have to wait around for a table as much.  I think I know why though.
5	Are you in Pittsburgh? Somewhere in the East End? Is it lunch time? Get yourself to Park Bruges. Subjectively, they have my favorite burger in all of the Burgh. The burger is always perfectly done and the bread is fresh, with a perfect crust. Everything above and beyond that just makes it all the better. Though the draft list is small, their bottle selection is substantial and varied. They have great wines available and the atmosphere is vibrant -- for lunch or dinner. Going for dinner? Get there early or get ready to wait.
5	I have enjoyed everything I've gotten from here. I highly recommend coming for brunch. They have a good sized brunch menu with amazing waffles.
5	Shouldn't have been too surprised by how absolutely fabulous our brunch was, when we arrived just 7 min. After they opened and took the last table available! From there it just got better. No complaints at all. Zero. The food was amazing and the staff was quick and pleasant! Will def be back again! And again. And again. And again!
5	Mussels. Beer. We love this place! I prefer the classic style of moules, my partner is into the spicy ones. We share bites and both mmmmm through the meal. Last time we got the ham tarte and oh my gosh was it good. The frites are so crispy salty perfect and even more amazing with the creamy aioli. Love this place. The brunch is so good too! Have only been once or twice and both times we loved it. The ham benedict did not disappoint and the poutine is yummy.
4	Sister to Point Brugge on Hastings Street. I came here for brunch with my family. Good brunch items, but some dishes were hits and some were misses. I ordered the prosciutto and tomato sandwich. Decent sandwich. The tomatoes are sundried. Bread was a bit soggy. My brother ordered the leige waffles. For the record, they don't compare to Waffalonia's. The ones here were really dry. At that time, they also had this strawberry, chocolate french toast that were also extremely dry.Still, this probably is a good brunch place. You just need to order the right things. Next time, will definitely order the mussels, poutine, and mac & cheese. Seems like it's what they do best.
5	I am a Scallop junkie. The scallops at Park Bruges? The best .5 star !!!Service? The Best even though they were very busy. This is a come back for sure
2	Sure, the moules are good. However, I have two major complaints: 1, An estimated wait time of 45min on a Friday night at a restaurant that doesn't accept reservations isn't a big deal. What is annoying is when that 45 min turns into almost 1.5h as it did for our party. I understand that the restaurant can't control some variables (like how long diners will remain at their tables) but they given the obvious success of the establishment they should either accept reservations or expand. 2. The frites were absolutely disgusting. I've had frites before (in France admittedly, not Belgium), and I don't think they should should be entirely comprised of the burnt, crunchy ends of the fry as ours were. They looked and tasted like the greasy mess that's likely present in deep fryers at the end of a shift. Given the classic combination of moules with frites there's no excuse for messing this up. Overall, recommended with reservations.
4	The mussels, the fries, the beer! I love this place. My favorite time to come here is for brunch on a Saturday or Sunday. I love the waffles and eggs benedict. They also have a salad with strawberries and fresh greens when strawberries are in season, which is an absolute must.The wait staff is always great, and the ambience is peaceful and low key. Definitely a favorite brunch spot in the East End.
5	Park Bruges is my go to restaurant for date night with my husband.  I love their specialty drink list.  Some of my favorite menu items are: creole mussels, Mediterranean platter, frites, and Bruges burger.  Food is fresh and flavorful and service has always been on point.
4	I came here for brunch with my friends on Sunday. The restaurant itself wasn't too crowded, we called ahead to make sure the wait isn't too long. We only had to wait for about five minutes when we got there.I think the food here is either a hit or miss. My friends and I ordered mussels and fries to share, and I ordered a vegetable frittata for myself. We ordered the classic white wine sauce for mussels and it was good as expected. The baguette that came with the mussels were a bit tough, but it wasn't rock hard. The fries are also delicious; however, compared to the fries at Point Brugge where the fries are short and stout, these are longer and thinner. The vegetable frittata of the day was roasted eggplants, tomatoes, feta cheese, and arugula pesto. The frittata itself was kind of a disappointment. It was very bland, and wasn't all that great. I won't try it again.Other than the frittata, everything else was great.
5	Great service and beer selection. Mussels, pork chop, and steak with frites are highlights.
3	For what it is, this place is ok....though we do also refer to it as "Denny's" I mean...Denny's is ok too right? The mussels in white sauce are way better than the andouie ones which oddly came recommended by the wait staff. This place reminds me most of a restaurant one might find in an airport. In offensive, fine and filled with business casual travelers.
4	Mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels mussels,  mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels mussels...sigh...Mussels, Mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, Mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels mussels...I mean, seriously, the mussels...just thinking about them makes my mouth water. Now, obviously, I'm a BIG fan of mussels, and I've eaten a lot of good mussels in a lot of good places, but nothing compares. They are known for their mussels, and everyone says to go for their mussels...yea, yea - but no, really, go for their mussels.I had visited their sister company quite some time ago, Point Bruges - and ever since have been itching to visit this place. The mussels and everything we had at Point was amazing. While mostly positive things come to mind when thinking of this restaurant...my mussels and frites were - beyond delicious. However,my friends pasta meal came out...luke warm...so there's that. We were having a very late lunch (senior citizen style dinner), so there weren't many in the restaurant. We were at a two top - and the service was great - attentive and seemed genuinely interested - but after our plates were cleared, I was still finishing a glass of wine, and we began to feel rushed. The waitress coming over multiple times (glass of wine still half full) looking for the payment for the check that she gave us. I looked behind us and saw that the dinner rush was beginning, there were quite a few people waiting for a table at this point. The table next to us - another two top - was empty - so I knew we were getting the feeling of being rushed because they were going to combine our two with that two to make a four top - low and behold - as soon as we stood, that happened. Well, such is life - for a restaurant who doesn't take reservations - they must turn tables quickly. There was another incident with a toddlers squeaky shoes (I mean these shoes were purposefully squeaky as though they had a dog toy in them) who walked around the restaurant for a bit too long - but I can imagine management was probably stuck between a rock and hard place with that one.All in all though, very satisfied. Great place to go...not sure why, but feels very Pittsburgh to me. Very really good eats Pittsburgh.And you must try the mussels ;-)
5	Dinner: 1/17/14. We enjoy Park Bruges a little more than Point Bruge, simply because it is physically more comfortable and easier to have a conversation with your dinner companions than at it's sister location. While we have eaten there numerous times, who says things can't get even better. This visit rose above the others. The mussels had a new preparation, curry. Delicious, we had to order extra bread [fresh with a crispy crust] and spoons so we could all sip on the broth after the mussels had disappeared. The best was yet to come: Striped Sea Bass, with polenta/artichokes/tomatoes. I am very picky about how my fish is prepared. I don't want it to be dry. The waitress and I talked about the fish and how I liked it to be prepared. She coached the chef, and he or she hit it spot on! It was one of the best restaurant prepared pieces of fish I've ever had. I grew up in a home that great food was expected and good food seen as a disappointment. I didn't expect this fine of a preparation. Also the polenta was creamy, well seasoned and artichokes/tomatoes added texture and taste.
4	The best reason to go to Park Bruges is the mussels.  My friend had the One Pound Mussels and I got the Mediterranean Seafood Stew.  Both were prepared perfectly and tasted delicious.  The service was excellent.  We wanted to stay and talk for a good while, and I like that our server did not try to hurry us in any way.  Prices are reasonable.
4	The mussels tasted amaziiiing. Also I had the tarte flambe and it was very good. Steak and egg isn't recommended though!
4	A few of my friends and I went here for brunch. It is a fairly small restaurant, but their brunch menu was quite yummy. We ended up waiting around 45 minutes, but it ended up being worth it. A little pricey - but great for an occasional much-needed girls' brunch!
5	Hands down one of my most favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Why? It's so consistently good. We keep coming back for more. The service is great and attentive. The food is always piping hot and delicious. The prices are reasonable for what you get. And the atmosphere is clean and comfortable. If you are a booth lover like me, this place is for you! It's at least 70% booths/banquets. Yes! I also enjoy sitting at the bar. (My only complaint is they don't have purse hooks at the bar ... such a necessity! Hopefully they add those soon.) As far as drinks go, their Moscow Mules do not disappoint and I always find a tasty beer or wine to try. As you will see in other reviews here, Mussels w/ classic sauce and frites are where it's at. They also serve my husband's favorite burger in town. It's all about the bun! Do yourself a favor and check this place out ... just know that there is almost always a wait so if you want to get in right away I recommend a geriatric 5:00 p.m. dining hour. Or lunch. It's also a great spot for lunch. :) Cheers!
5	Maybe the best burger I've ever had. The Bruges Burger was a small bit of braised short rib with Gouda on an excellent sourdough ish brioche. The burger was juicy and tasty and nothing short of perfect. Poutin was too salty for me, but replaced them with regular fries which were great!
4	I really liked the atmosphere here but I went when it wasn't very crowded (around 2). Otherwise I wouldn't have liked it nearly as much.
4	As we walked to the car and began to get in, my H held the door open as I rolled in.  He closes the door and gets in the driver side, when I state "better hurry to the hospital the baby is coming.  Let's call her Mussels."  I had done it again.  Ate until I was so stuffed it was unpleasant, but if you asked me if I regret it I will say "nope!"  I do get overzealous when it comes a new place that I haven't been to, all I want to do is try everything that looks good without regard to my personal wellbeing. So the food, we ordered a classic poutine, the Bruges Burger prepared medium, a LB of mussels spicy prepped, and a few drinks.  I explained to the H that the Poutine was his but I wanted to try it thus making him the main consumer so I wouldn't eat too many.  Well that didn't work as planned.  Upon delivery I fork dived in and got a huge amount of fries, curds, and gravy.  Simply divine!   He got the burger to which I had to try.  Really very good, and I ate his side salad, lovely dressing.  My mussels were very creamy and brothy I simply loved them but felt something was left off.  The bartender offered extra bread to sop up extra juices that I gladly accepted.   Now this is a shame to say about what should be a 5 star place.  The restaurant was just confusing.  You walk in and there is no hostess there.  No sign saying please wait to be seated, no just people loitering around I was like what are we supposed to do???  So there is a small bar real close to the door so with the fear of waiting forever we seized the two open seats and decided to just eat there.  Bar has no TV, and the Bartender was as slow as molasses. Absolutely no sense of urgency.  She was nice, and knowledgeable if you could get her attention.   The food was EXCELLENT!  But I am upset that I ordered the spicy mussels and thought the whole time these are not spicy... Very good but not spicy.  My H kept saying it was probably b/c I always like stuff extra spicy and have a high tolerance.  I kept saying no my mom who can't eat anything with spice would eat this no problem.  But having never been there I thought it was just how they served it.  That was until the check came.  Another episode of a bartender not writing down an order and rang me in for the classic and not the spicy.  A little too late to complain and they were really good still but, I really wanted the spicy ones!  So the service was meh.  It took her 10 minutes to even wait on us because she had one speed, the I don't give a sh*t speed.  Still would totally come back!  Those mussels were to die for and next time I will know what to expect if I get the wrong ones.
5	Had  a wonderful birthday dinner here last Saturday night.  The atmosphere is of a neighborhood bistro.  Easy-going and unpretentious with many repeat customers. Dress code would be "come as you are and just enjoy."  We arrived around 6pm and, although the restaurant was quickly filling up, we were able to be seated right away, as we were just a party of two.  The traditional Moules Frites was heavenly and, thankfully, I was offered additional fresh baguette so that I could enjoy that wonderful sauce. I understood quickly why I was given a spoon.  My husband had the Steak Frites and he enjoyed every morsel.  We ended the meal with a delicious piece of Tarte Tatin with a wonderful crust and truly fabulous caramel sauce.  Our server was lovely and helpful and helped us choose the right Belgian beer to go with our meals.  The only thing I want to note is that the last time we were here was almost a year ago and I pointed out that there was no baby changing table in the restroom.  We did not have our now-toddler with us this time around, but I noticed that there was still no changing table in the restroom. Certainly, it's not the most sightly item to decorate the wall of a bathroom, but I'm sure it would be a welcome convenience for the many families who frequent this place.
4	The food is well prepared, fresh Belgian standards. There's obviously a solid commitment to quality of preparation and ingredients. The dishes are largely unchallenging (mussels, steak frite, chicken breast) and the only time the quality of the food dips is when they stray into slightly more imaginative territory. THE FRIES WILL ELEVATE YOUR SPIRIT TO A WORLD OF PURE FATTY BLISS. Their brunch menu is great with a wide range of good options and a nice pre-fixe menu that comes with an entree, side, and a brunch cocktail. The brunch poutine will also keep you full for a week. Be sure to arrive right at opening or several hours after opening for brunch, or you'll be in line forever.
4	I am so happy that this place is a block away. Since I've recently moved and have no food I have been here three days in a row. Every single dish was fantastic. Myself and my roommate have gotten the park burger, macaroni and cheese, the mussels and frites, Grilled Prime Flat Iron Steak Salad, and Gemelli Pasta. I can't decide which plate was my favorite so far since they were all completely delicious! I also got the Brooklyn Summer Ale and it was one of the best beers I've had in Pittsburgh so far. I can't recommend this place enough. The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is that our waitress was a little slow with the service. However, the food made up for it. Also, we got take out twice and it was ready in 10 minutes only.
4	Great brunch at a reasonable price!! Highly recommend the mussels for a starter!!
5	One of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh for less than $25.
5	I live in the neighborhood.  This has been a great addition to the neighborhood.  It definitely has the feel of a neighborhood restaurant.  It reminds me in that way of an Irish pub except the food is much better!   And the beer list is better.  Which is saying a lot.It's also a destination restaurant.  People drive in from all over to eat here.It's casual.  It's friendly.  It has an upbeat atmosphere.  And the food is really good.Highly recommended.
4	I would actually rate this more at a 3.5 and rounded up. Had the veggie burger, it was good. Not spectacular but a very good one. Cheers,
4	Last night was maybe my fourth time at Park Bruges and they have all been great experiences. The menu is nearly identical to its Point Breeze sibling (which I also love). Overall, I think I prefer Point Brugge, but I can't exactly pinpoint the reason. Maybe my experiences have been just a bit better there. It could also be because the restaurant is a block from my house. Anyway, Park Bruges offers a mix of sandwiches, salads, and larger entrees. Two other items they are known for are poutine and mussels. I have had mussels at Point Brugge and they were great, so I would imagine the same would be true here. On my most recent trip (last night) I had the flat iron steak salad, which was delicious. In addition to the juicy, medium-rare steak, the salad came complete with bleu cheese, tomatoes, herbed potatoes, and a champagne vinaigrette. Totally awesome. In the past I have also had some of their pasta dishes which have all been excellent as well. Dessert items vary, but last night we had a flourless cake with raspberry mousse filling and, while one slice is large enough to share, I could have eaten literally the entire cake. It was that good. Service has always been great, too. Definitely check this place out if you're in the area.
4	I live very close to Park Bruges and have been there a few times and I have ordered out as well. Let me just say the Gemmelli pasta is awesome. I loved it. I have also had the cafe chicken which I really really enjoy. The side salad that comes with it is very good. I have had the poutine as well, which is very good. Simple, but so tasty. They have a good draft selection, including one of the best beers I have tasted. I cannot recall the name of it, but if I had it again I would instantly know. I'm definitely going back sometime soon!
4	Stopped in Pittsburgh for the zoo and found this gem.  Food was great, the service better. Walked in around 6ish on a sat and had some fab beer (Corsendonk on tap), great food and nice atmosphere.  Lucky us.
5	This place is cute restaurant in a quiet neighborhood of Pittsburgh. Before I entered the restaurant there were people eating lunch on the tables outside-which had a very inviting and relaxing cafe feel to the place. As soon as we entered there was someone ready to seat us and we were fortunate enough to grab a window seat (the weather was absolutely beautiful)We ordered a small portion of the white moules for an appetizer. The mussels are served in a warm white wine sauce and comes with a side of fresh bread. We devoured the mussels then managed to dip the bread in the left over sauce. For individual dishes we ordered the chorizo tarte flambee, steak frites, and brisket sandwich. The tarte flambee was a little too large for me to finish ( and I am a big eater- so it was perfect for me to take home) What I loved most about it was the crunch of the flatbread.  Sometimes the bread gets too soggy with fresh ingredients but this had a good balance between the toppings and the baked bread.  All the portions were generous and not too salty. I am a french fry killer and i thought the ones served with the steak were perfectly crispy- loved it. I also ordered a mojito for lunch and it was delicious. It was a little on the sweeter side but still very fresh and refreshing. The service at this place was made the whole experience so much better. They were always making sure we had enough water, drinks, napkins at our table and were ready to clear plates at the right time. I've been to Point Brugge a few times but it was my first time here. Park has more seating and more variety on their menu.
4	Came here on a Saturday night and it was packed. Luckily for us we were seated almost within ten minutes of arrival. I sampled one of there many tasty beer options which is dominated by Belgians, although there is most likely something that everyone can enjoy if you are in the mood for a brewski. There is also a full bar. The service was on point but I have to say that the Poutine fell short of what I was expecting. I'm almost a Canadian and have a huge love affair with Poutine although this is only the second time I have ever tried it in the USA. The ingredients where top notch but the lack of thought and piss poor execution made this sort of a pile of slop, that our neighbors to the North would be very disappointed as was I. The curds where still quite cold and just thrown on top in a huge solid mass, the gravy was good, and the fried where way to soggy right away, I understand hen you dump gravy on fries they'll get soggy but not immediately when the dish is served. The pork chop I had was tasty but the menu had plenty of options and I will go back and give the Poutine another chance.
5	Very cute location. 99.9% satisfied. Went for late lunch and hostess was a bit slow to seat but we sat outside and it was lovely. Our waiter was attentive but not too over baring. He made suggestions and was extremely helpful. The authentic Belgian fries with the Amish curds were to die for. I also had the salad with local grown greens and added salmon. Best seared salmon I've had in a long time. Very citrusy. A+ highly recommend. Cool spot in Pittsburgh.
3	I hate to be the voice of dissent, but based on the glowing reviews and price, I was a bit underwhelmed by the brunch here.  I was actually planning to go to E2 for brunch on Sun., but my dining partner and I ended up here because the wait at E2 was running an hour at noon.  Here, we were seated within half an hour, which I appreciated, given the hectic nature of the PGH brunch scene.I ordered the prix fixe brunch with the special of the day (pulled pork, cheddar, and onion omelette), potatoes au gratin, and a mimosa ($20).  I chose the special because I'm a BBQ aficionado, and I love me some pulled pork.  Between the pulled pork and cheddar, I expected the omelette to be bursting with flavor, but I found it rather bland.  I was also disappointed with the amount of pork in the omelette, which seemed rather stingy.  While I liked the flakiness of the potatoes (they were more akin to a casserole), I also found them bland, flavor-wise.  The part of the meal I enjoyed most was the mimosa, but to be honest, I don't have a standard of comparison, since this was my first time drinking one.  My dining partner enjoyed his grilled cheese, although it wasn't quite what he was expecting (he was expecting your standard grilled cheese).While this wasn't a bad brunch, I doubt that I'd come out of my way to have it again, given that there are so many awesome brunch places in PGH.  For a similar quality brunch, I could have gone to Pamela's or De Luca's, or gotten something more unique at at E2 or Coca (and paid less, to boot!).  If I were to come back here or to try Point Brugge, I think I'd stick to dinner so I could try the mussels and frites, since that's what everyone seems to rave about.  3.5 stars.
5	The star I subtracted from my review for Point Brugge returns here due to the vastly improved seating / atmosphere within the restaurant.  It's really nice to be able to comfortably sit in a spacious restaurant that doesn't get so loud as to impede conversation.Other than that, the food at this restaurant was excellent just as at Point Bruges.  I've had multiple preparations of the fresh mussels and they are all excellent.  I've also sampled the various other dishes that my girlfriend has ordered, and those were excellent as well.I also appreciate the friendliness and promptness of the staff.  Overall, this is a great restaurant that you should definitely visit if you're in the area looking for some food on the pricier side.
4	A group of us decided to head over to Park Bruges for a casual lunch on a recent summer afternoon. For the majority of the group, it was their first time at the restaurant - this was my second. The menu is similar to their sister restaurant, Pointe Bruges, but the ambiance of the restaurant is quite different, in that Park Bruges doesn't seem as inviting as is its counterpart.I enjoyed their 1/2 portion of mussels in a spicy curry sauce. Served with French bread on the side, it is absolutely perfect. The flavors are bold, yet not overpowering. I couldn't resist but finish off all of the broth in the bowl - it's just that tasty. The bar has a large selection of beer on tap and in bottle. I paired a lovely Belgian beer with my mussels. I could have had another, but had to go back to work :(
5	Hands down our favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The green curry mussels are to die for. My husband always gets the burger and loves it. Great atmosphere, Belgian beers & frites... What's not to love? Can't wait to try their brunch soon!
4	My husband and I were looking for a great place for mussels and Park Bruges was recommended to us. I must say everything we had was delicious, but not as great as we expected. The mussels were almost over cooked, a tiny bit chewy but the original white wine sauce was very nice. I got the red snapper special and my husband got the Bruges burger. My special was phenomenal and fresh and so delicious. Husband's burger was good, but not worth the amount he paid. I think we'll go back again, but choose some less expensive options.
3	We came here as our last stop in Pittsburgh. I am a fan of poutine fries and heard they make a traditional one. I also had the mussels in wine sauce and the other half had a BLT. Service was a tad slow for not being that busy. I am not sure if the fries in a poutine are meant to be all brown and burnt looking, but that is how ours arrived and I wasn't a big fan. The biggest offense for me were the mussels which had a strong smell of urine. I googled this, and some say this is the smell mussels can get, because they lay around in their own pee. Whether or not this is true, I am going to pass on mussels from here on out. The broth however was very nice, and hid the overall string stank..Plus I didn't die, so maybe everything was OK after all. I expected a big more from the place, and I not sure if I would return
5	This place is great. The Bruges Burger was probably the best burger I've had. And the atmosphere is so quaint - exactly what you'd expect a Belgian brasserie to feel like. The service was impeccable.
5	Always great. It's a restaurant that is consistent and that is to be valued above all else. It is one thing to say, "let's go eat there," but a whole other thing to say, "let's go eat there again." They always have my family saying that.The mussels with the white wine sauce is fantastic, best enjoyed with one of their belgian brews. Was a great place that can be enjoyed time and time again.
5	This restaurant opened a few years back in conjunction with Point Brugge in the Point Breeze neighborhood in Pittsburgh. Although it was a back-up brunch plan to e-squared located on the same street, my friend and I were very pleased with this decision. I enjoyed the prixe fix menu by choosing the the steak and eggs, potatoes and started it all with a delicious Bloody Mary! It was so good that I ordered a second. My friend ordered a the crab cake/ Eggs Benedict paired with fresh fruit. When we arrived, there was a line around the building but the service kept up with the demand. We chose to sit at the bar and the bartender had the Bloody's in front of us within minutes. We will be going back because  my friend's favorite beer is currently on tap, Le fin Du Monde. Seasonal I am sure, this restaurant is stays fresh with it's evolving menu based on local crops and other seasonal factors. You can tell the staff at Park Bruege loves what they do!!
5	Our new favorite place when visiting the burg! I've eaten mussels at some world class places and these were better than the best I've had!
4	We go all of the time and yes, it's consistently good. But we know the dishes that we like and the ones that we don't prefer. The mussels are good when mussels are in season, but really, i've ordered the moules frites when the mussels have been so small that i'm not even sure why they bother serving the dish when they can't get a good product. the flatbreads are yummy. my fiance loves the burger and the pork chops. the mac and cheese is good and the fries are always yummy.
5	Hands down my favorite brunch in town!   Today's selection was the waffle with fruit topping.  The topping changes seasonally - this version was an amazing blueberry ginger, which paired great with two perfectly cooked Belgian waffles.   I did it prix fix brunch style, with a side of potato gratin and a bloody mary for $20.  The potato could have been warmer, but it was so rich and tasty that I didn't even care.Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu, but gotta say that the waffles are going to be really hard to beat.
4	We have been here several times, and each time has been great.  The meat and cheese plate is very good, and the entrees are fresh and cooked to perfection.  There is a decent wine selection and the bar tenders are friendly.  Arrive early, as this place fills up quickly.
2	Ordered the steak frites. Oops. The frites were bountiful, perhaps overly bountiful; however, the steak I received was small, under seasoned, and tough. Curiously, the strange garnish of raw carrot slices was under the steak.  At $17, this hurts.My friend's poutine was nothing to write home about, but at least was edible. Greyish chunks of short rib sitting in lukewarm gravy with unmelted cheese curds didn't impress us.  Maybe this was the kitchen's B team? That or they were hung over.Server was friendly but absent during our entire meal. He catered to the couple next to us and bafflingly enough, a three year old boy who wasn't enjoying whatever his mom ordered, but not two thirty year olds with spending power.  Only when we asked for the check did he ask if we were enjoying our food. Apologizing for the steak but offering a free drink "next time I'm in there" was a funny non-consolation since a. I don't live in Pittsburgh and b. I'd never come back if I was, so I'll give him a star for that.
5	Went here last Saturday... Had the mussels in white wine, pasta with butternut squash, pecan pie for dessert and cocktails, everything was just delicious!!!! I can't wait to go back. The menu is the perfect size, allDishes sounded great, it was hard to choose. They also sport specialty, local liqueurs. Super awesome place! Price is right as well! Yum! Oh... Staff, excellent as well.
