5	Absolutely stunning church in Old Montreal. A must see location for any first time Montreal visitor. Even if you are not religious, come check it out and gaze at the beautiful altar and stain glass windows.
5	The historic district of Old Montreal has many picturesque buildings. One of these that a visitor must see is the Notre-Dame Basilica. While I admit a key draw for me was this is a Catholic Church, any one can appreciate the inspiring Gothic architecture that is reminiscent of Notre Dame in Paris. Inside, a grand altar greets you that is absolutely jaw dropping stunning.  The detail and craftsmanship is incredible. The royal blue in the background is not something I'd see in any other Basilica or Cathedral before, but the effect is quite.. grand. In the back, the pipe organ stands with light from a circular stained glass shining through. The architect and builders of this Basilica really created a beautiful house of worship. If you're in the area, the Basilica is really worth seeing, even if you're not the religious type. review 8/7/2008I.M.Y.
5	If I was back in the Middle Ages, illiterate and believing in an all mighty, I'd find myself tempted by God too after some exposure to this gorgeous Gothic revival of a basilica. The colors and design of the altar is tres beau-ti-ful as are all the carved details. And that organ, what I wouldn't give to attend mass just to hear it.  Did you know there's only one person ever allowed burial here? That's right, James O'Donnell, an Irish American Protestant architect that was hired to build the basilica loved his work so much, he converted to Roman Catholicism on his deathbed to be buried in the crypt. This is just one of the many fascinating stories you can hear on the tour. Mornings are the best time to visit but Tuesday through Saturday evenings are best for the light show.
5	I'm not a religious person but this church is simply AMAZING and BEAUTIFUL.  The building is in old Montreal where it is historic.  This is a must see in Montreal.
4	Perhaps not as impressive as its Parisian namesake, Montreal's cathedral is still a sight to behold. Let's put it this way: If it can make a 12-year-old boy gape in wonder and exclaim several times about the attention to detail, it's worth a look. I shot more photos in here than I did in all of Place de Jacques-Cartier, and the admission price was more than reasonable. I think my niblings have a new-found appreciation for religious architecture.
5	A must see.The basilica is breathtaking. When you step inside, you'll find that it's surprisingly bright.. and blue.. and very detailed. A tour is recommended to hear the storied history behind Notre-Dame and what all the statues and carvings mean. There's also a chapel in the back which is just as amazing. If you can, try to catch the orchestra at the basilica and experience the pipe organ in full effect.Tips: Shh! Worship is in progress.
5	One of THE most beautiful churches I've ever seen...and I've been to some of the most famous cathedrals in Europe.  The nave has intricately carved spiral stairs, blue stained glass windows...take the tour.  Don't forget to see the wedding chapel (through the door at the very front of the church)- it's very bright and WHITE and breathtaking.
5	This is the most amazing thing to see in Montreal -- bar none.  Definitely worth the $5 entrance fee.  We happened upon one of the two english tour times for the day (we visited in March - definitely the off season) and were treated to an interesting glimpse into the making and history of the basilica.  Definitely a must see.
4	A really beautiful church that is definitely worth a visit. Be forewarned that they do charge a $5 entrance fee which seems a little strange to me for a Catholic Church. What if you are a local just going to pray? Do you have to shell out $5 each time? The art is really breathtaking particularly the front altar area which features beautiful blue lighting. I especially love how much of the church is decorated with fleurs de lys making it very Quebec. We also were able to catch a tour in French. Tours are also available in English. The guide was very helpful and informative and did not seem at all rushed. An excellent experience overall.
5	This is an incredible church and is definitely worth the $5 to get in to see it. This is the most intricate woodwork I have ever seen in a church and the organ is huge. No one was pushy and it was just nice to relax and contemplate things in this beautiful church.
4	Built on the Place d'Armes in the 1820s to replace a smaller Catholic church, it can house upwards of 4,000 people at time.  It's probably the most imposing building on the square and if you think the exterior is impressive, you should see the interior which was inspired by Paris' Sainte-Chappelle.  It's dark inside, so photos don't turn out well, but the darkness serves to better see the stained glass windows that depict Montreal's beginnings and are the highlight of the church.  The carvings on the pulpit and the organ are also worth inspecting.  The Chapelle du Sacre-Coeur behind the main altar (you have to wind your way to the back) is definitely a must-see and is a recently rebuilt addition (circa 1980s) so it's much more modern than the rest of the church.   The bronze sculpted altarpiece in the chapel was my favorite thing in the church.  (The chapel is often used for weddings and baptisms by the local congregation, so it can be closed for touring.)  There also is a private glassed-in chapel in the back for people interested in praying.In addition to self-guided touring, the church also offers guided tours in different languages, a "light" show every evening and an organ performance on the odd Wednesday. The church charges an admission fee of $5 (which is weird for something that I believe should be free to enjoy), and the guided tours and shows are extra.  Extra donations for upkeep are encouraged.  Because of the admission, the church has hours (so check the website).  The church is a hike up a hill from the Place d'Armes Metro stop on rue Sainte-Sulpice.It's only 4 stars on the principle that they are a public charity that charges admission (which I think is...not tasteful in any way).   That being said, it's still a must-see for art and architecture lovers and has the best example of religious art in the city.
5	Beautiful church located in Old Montreal. You can visit the inside of this church for $5 and also be part of a tour which the tour guide will go over the history of the church, reasons for the decor and will answer any questions any one may have. Every Sunday at 7p there is a live organ recital. Notre-Dame is a MUST SEE!!!
5	Hands down the most beautiful artwork I have witnessed outside a textbook.  Additionally, this is the most stunning religious building I've ever visited (and I've visited the Hagia Sophia and other beautiful mosques of Istanbul).The outside of the cathedral is pretty, but nothing amazing.  But the altar will simply take your breath away.   I think anyone who appreciates beautiful, ornate detail will thoroughly enjoy this church regardless of his/her religious affiliation.   You can pay $5.00 to tour the church, or stay for a mass and check it out for free.
5	J'adore Montreal! We went in to check out the Notre Dame Basilica while we were in Montreal last May and it was so beautiful! I can't believe we didn't burst into flames when we walked in the door! I am from Vancouver, so this was unlike anything I had ever seen in my little hometown before. The architecture was amazing and there was so much attention to detail that you could have spent hours in there going over every little pulpit. We went during the day when it was not so crowded, and took some photos, but we also came back at night for the light and sound show, ($10 to get in) which was really cool too. They did a really good job on lighting the Basilica and using projectors to tell the story of how it came to be. After the light show you were allowed to take photos but it was much more crowded than during the afternoon, so I would recommend to anyone who would like to get some pictures of the Basilica to go during the day when it is slower. They also have a little store open during the day where you can buy rosaries and crucifixes to exercise the demons at home. There are also confessionals you can go into, but I didn't run into any catholic priests, so I didn't feel the need to confess, however, I am going back again this year in May, so maybe I'll have to work off my penance then ;)
5	Spectacular! I went at night for the tour which gives you the whole history of this gorgeous place. It includes a light show, def worth the ticket price which i think was about 10 bucks. after that, you get 15 mins to take pics and walk thro. I've never seen such beautiful architecture! It was a spiritual experience even though i'm not Catholic, lol. Looking at the pics will give you the jist of the beauty, but it truly is a place you'll need to experience for yourself.
5	The Basilica of Notre-Dame in Montreal is the most beautiful church interior I've ever seen. The Gothic styled exterior is pretty cool but it's the colourful and grand interior that will blow you away. The church of Notre Dame was built here in 1672 but eventually was too small for the congregation so in 1824 a new grand building was designed by James O'Donnell (a protestant from New York who only converted to Catholicism on his deathbed so that he may be placed in the church's crypt) the new church opened in 1830 but wasn't completely finished until 1888. Upon completion Notre Dame was the largest church in North America. The basilica has become so much of an attraction that a $5 donation is required to enter the church (unless it's a special occasion or during a mass). They also have a very impressive organ with 7000 pipes as well as a second chapel in the back for more intimate services. Whether your catholic or not you'd be missing out if you have the opportunity to check out Notre Dame in Montreal and don't.
5	This is an absolute must for anyone visiting Montreal who will be in the Old Town area. There is an entrance fee but it's so utterly worth it because this has to be one of the most gorgeous churches I have been in. Ornate, spectacularly enormous and beautiful. My breath was taken away repeatedly. Just amazing.
5	Pictures do not prepare the visitor for the awe inspiring sight of the Basilica's interior. The word awesome is used far too casually these days but here is a case where its use is entirely called for: Notre Dame is truly awesome.I was taken aback by the altar's spires, effectively presenting a church within a church! (When illuminated at night as part of the "Let there be light" show, for a second I thought it was a spaceship! Ancient astronaut theory aside...)Tours are available for a fee and one tip I suggest is to take the walking tour of Old Montreal. The tour will take you here and additional sites. You'll then be given a ticket stub that gets you back into the Basilica for free that day.The 8:30pm showing of "Let there be light" offers a recollection of events that does not claim to be 'historically accurate'. (There's a disclaimer of sorts before the show). You'll be given a headset that can tune into spanish, french, chinese or english versions of the presentation. The show is hosted by the basilica's architect, or rather the ghost of, and you'll see dramatizations of key moments in Montreal history.The production values and over the top dramatization are unintentionally quite funny-- who knew Marguerite Bourgeoys wore makeup?All kidding aside, the best part of the show is when the various parts of the basilica are revealed. Afterward, you'll have about 10-15 minutes to take photos.Even as a formerly religious person turned heretic, I found the structure impressive. For the faithful it must be an even more moving experience. For the tourist, it's a must-see.
5	This place was amazing. Make sure you go to the night show ($10) is totally amazing. I have never seen anything like this and it was the highlight of my trip.
5	I love this church!  It's a must destination for anyone visiting Montreal.  Whatever your faith, you will very likely be awed, inspired and humbled.
4	There's something about going and visiting the churches in any city I visit.  They almost stand as an ambassador to the city.  No matter what, they welcome you in.I wanted to go to the evening show, but wasn't able to.  So I stopped by at around 4pm on a Friday afternoon.  It wasn't horribly crowded but it was busy enough that there were people everywhere.  The staff was friendly and the architecture was breathtaking.  I really wanted to attend a service there but as my French language skills are pretty nonexistent, I figured it was better to not embarrass myself and pay the small entry fee.There is no fee to go into the small store attached to it so if you're a bit short on cash, its still worth it to take some pictures of the exterior and check out the shop.
4	Wow, wow and wow!  Been to a lot of Catholic churches and let me say,  they sure know how to put on a show.  I agree with all the other reviews.  Take the time to look at the stained glass.  Very nice
4	This beautiful Basilica is located between Victoria Square and the old Port district of Montreal. It is absolutely spectacular and well worth the $10 entry fee. It is meticulously kept and features some very interesting, intricate architecture, murals, statues and all sorts of other wonderful, spiritual artifacts. The fuse of wood and stone is very impressive and the lighting is absolutely incredible and makes for some amazing photography. I had an absolute blast snapping tens of pictures with my camera. You can probably even pull off some impressive HDR pictures if you have a tripod. They offer tours during the day and at night. The night ones feature a light show from what I've heard but I wasn't able to make it to them sadly enough, but will try to on my next visit to the city.Whether you are here for religious reasons, or to visit, this Basilica is very fitting to its neighborhood and is a must-see piece of local history.
5	$4 CND entry fee to one of the most beautiful churches you'll ever see. They do complementary tours every half hour in English. There's a chapel in the back built for weddings and christenings for which there's a 1.5 yr waiting list, but the basilica is what you're really there to see. Crazy intricate architecture with solid 23K gold leaf. If it was good enough for Celine Dion to get married in, isn't it good enough for you to come see?
4	A must see.  This awesome (in the literal sense) basilica was a highlight of our trip.  Take the tour that is included with the $5 admission.  You'll learn some interesting tidbits, and hopefully you'll get our guide, who was sweet and had a good sense of humour.  Very knowledgeable too!
4	Beautiful basilica in Old Montreal.  When my fiance and I first entered, our jaws dropped and we were in absolute awe!Try to get there earlier, rather than later, in the day...unlike us.  We arrived around 4 pm and just missed the last tour of the day!In addition to the main part of the church, be sure to check out the chapel in the back.The interior of the building is marvelous and a true treasure.  I hope we can return to hear mass.I would've rated 5 stars - but it felt dark inside the church.  The blue hues were different.  Nonetheless, this is a true art form!
4	Notre-Dame Basilica, the most brightly coloured church I've ever visited. Stain glass windows that glowed like Lite-Brite pegs. I was only put off by all the smokers outside the church. To me, smoking and church don't go together. If you're going to visit Montreal, this is a must see!
5	I pretty much grew up in this church, as my grandmother used to be head secretary for the Basilica. It is indeed beautiful and one of a kind, too bad the new management that came in years ago are scumbags and now the church really changed, but remains a must in Montreal.
5	Beautiful, vast, stunning, serene, austere, amazing. I can't describe it's splendor in enough words!A must visit. The entry fee of $5 is completely reasonable and the staff here are all very nice.
4	wasn't expecting to have to pay 10 bucks to get in, but decided that since we walked all that way, we should splurge. I mean, a movie costs that much, right?very beautiful. the lighting is spectacular. The staff was great. I heard the ticket teller tell some man that he needed gloves as his hands were very red, and went to the lost and found to give him a pair.Well worth the visit and the walk to get there.
4	Just as lovely as everyone says, and one of only two Basilicas in northern America. The entry fee is entirely reasonable considering the cost the building takes to maintain, though this is a "working" Basilica - if you would just like to pray or attend a service, there is no cost. Make sure to walk behind the primary "front" and find the golden 1970s chapel behind. And do remember that this a holy place for some people - don't be as rude and load (and no swearing!) as some of the tourists I witnessed.
5	A must see site in Montreal.   The interior is beautiful, especially the altar piece.  This is not a bright church but has a pleasantly etherial feel.  The French Gothic revival interior reminded me of religious music of Gounod or Franck.  Tour (more of a lecture, really)  was informative and thorough.The wooden scultures of local nuns as well as saints and Biblical personnages have a particularly Canadian feel to them.  The stained glass, while not especially old, is lovely with a nice variety of colours.This is a large church but unlike some basilicas there are not a lot of side chapels, perhaps becuase it has no transept.  There seem to be a lot of confessionals where chapels might have been.  Maybe there was a lot of sinning to be confessed when it was built!The back private chapel, rebuilt in 1980 after a fire, is a combination restoration and rebuild using modern architecture.  Personally, I did not feel it jibed too well - I think a totally modern re-do would have worked a bit better.  But the main church is the highlight in any case.PS:  I think Erin might be incorrect on the number of basilicas in North America.  I know of much more than two.
5	Notre-Dame Basilica is one of the most beautiful churches you'll ever witness with its gothic-esque design. Take it all in when you walk in, the spiral staircases that go to the 2nd floor, the lines and lines of pews, to the beautiful rerodus (wooden structure) behind the altar, and the stained glass that vibrantly shines on a semi-sunny day. There are tons of saints to pray to along the perimeter of the church, as well as two chapels, one near the front that is designated strictly for praying as well as a chapel near the rear which is utilized for smaller and private gatherings. Whether you are Catholic or not, this is worth checking out. The minute details that were put into this church are just amazing. And above all, be respectful as this is a holy house of god.
5	The Notre-Dame Basilica is to Montreal as the Eiffel Tower is to Paris.  It is the landmark that defines Montreal.  Buildings in Montreal, especially Old Montreal, are all beautiful, but all pale in comparison to the Notre-Dame.  I wasn't originally going to visit, as I had been here before on a prior trip to Montreal - but a large banner which read "Let there be light" caught my attention.  After further inquiry, I learned that they now have a light show of the basilica in the evenings.  Admission is $10.  We purchased tickets for the 8:30PM show as we intended to go after dinner on Friday night.  It was more than just a visual display.  It told the history of the colonization of Montreal.  The show is narrated by the "ghost" of James O'Donnell, who was the original architect of the Notre-Dame Basilica.  The show was logistically perfect, and highlighted details of the Notre-Dame that you would otherwise miss during the day where the natural light may not hit certain features of the church.  They also provide you with 15 minutes at the end of the show to tour the basilica and take photos (which you would have to pay admission for during the day anyways).  The front of the basilica is definitely the focal point of the church.  I just stood there and marveled at it.  It is historic landmarks such as the Notre-Dame in Montreal, that makes me appreciate history.  I walked out of there asking myself "Could something of this grandeur be replicated again?  If so, would the motivation (e.g. commercial/business purposes) make it less admirable?"
5	Breathtaking! A must see in Montreal. We visited during construction and still loved it.
4	The location of the Basilica is nice, so you can kind of just come right upon it and go in.  Old Montreal has a great vibe, a crazy mix of old and new, and this was a perfect representation of the old.It's a sight to see, and if you have time, you should pop over.
5	Not sure if the price has gone down, but we only paid $5 pp to enter this magnificent basilica and it is worth every penny. It truly is spectacular.The tour is 20 minutes, which is the perfect length. Our tour guide was informative and friendly. We got to see the main building and the chapel behind and learn the history.The architecture is beautiful. The murals, stained glass and statues are very impressive.You don't have to be religious to come here, just a lover of beauty. A trip to Montreal would not be complete without a visit here.
5	This Basilica was really cool. It is located in the old part of Montreal. The cost to get in was only $5 dollars and the give you a very detailed 20 minute tour. It was just the right amount of time and information. This Basilica has a very interesting history. It was first built as a church, but when they had over 3000 people in it, they needed to expand b.c. people were freezing standing outside in the Montreal winters. Before they had seats/pews in this place, they could fit about 10k people in here. They have a huge organ in the church that has 7000 tubes. It is one of the largest in North America. There is a lot of hand carved wood, and the stained glass is really unique. While most stain glass tells a Bible story, the glass here tells a history of the city. They also have a separate modern chapel that is attached to it. it has a much smaller organ and has a lot of bronze art work. Famous Canadians who have been married at this chapel include Celine Dion and Mario Lemeiux. Alright kids, there is your history lesson for the day. See, I did not even charge any of you $5 bucks. Seriously though, whether you are religious, or not, this is an architecture marvel and a really historic site to see in Montreal.
4	Will I go to hell for lying to get into a church?I went to Montreal for Easter Weekend and was walking around Old Montreal on Good Friday.  I wanted to go inside the church, but it was closed (it was only open for people praying so I agreed).  It is beautiful inside and no pictures were allowed since people were praying (and since the $5 admission was waived).  I'm not sure if I agree with an admission to get into church, but it's one of Montreal's main tourist attractions. Next time I'll just pray for them to be open.
5	One of the most incredible churches I have ever seen. This place is beautiful. There is so much attention to detail inside. My only regret is I didn't come during one of their services. If you do nothing else while in Montreal, go here.
4	Skip the tour during the day if they offer the show at night. For $10 I think-or a little more than the entrance fee during the day-they give a good history of the place after which you can roam freely. Good spot if you are into history, church or want some background on montreal. recommend it. quick and easy also.
5	So, so beautiful. Definitely one of the highlights of my trip to Montreal! I'd advise going earlier on a weekday morning to get a quieter and less crowded experience. It costs $5 per person to enter, but the money goes directly to the upkeep and maintenance of the basilica itself.
5	it's a very very beautiful church as from inside and outside. there was some admission cost when we tried to get in last time but all the times before I always went in for free. so not sure what the admission cost depends on - time of the day, day of the week or seasons. there is also a light show that's highly advertised. we went for that (tickets were something like $12) but weren't really impressed. the set up is great but the scenario/story/length is too boring.
5	The beauty and splendor of this church will knock you over when you enter.  I've been all over Europe, and this rivals or exceeds every other cathedral I've visited.  Pay your $5.  It's more than worth it.
5	There should be more stars to give this incredibly, magnificent sight.  My first full day in Montreal, and I planned to surely see the Notre Dame Basilica.  I used one of those self-guided Walking Tours from Frommers (highly recommend), and it led me here in the middle of the tour of Old Montreal.  But you don't need anyone or anything to tell you you're near it, or when you've reached it.  You will *know*.  I stood there in front of it, looking up, and understanding the meaning of true awe-strickenness.  It's humbling, and it just takes you back into a world of when it was first built.  They charge $5 to enter (or was it $10?), but don't even consider declining.  When I opened the door, I almost fell to the floor.  I kid you not and am not being typically dramatic.  My eyes filled with tears and streamed down my face, and I could not stop saying "wow", over and over again.  Sat down in one of the pews, and inhaled the beauty.  The architecture, the colors, the shapes, the intricacies, the illusion of depth, the lighting..  it was all extraordinary.  It's no wonder that the man who architected it (James O'Donnell) converted to Roman Catholicism after having been impacted by his own work.  That day, those moments, were up as one of my favorites of Montreal.  I returned again on the last day of my trip, just to enjoy it from the outside again.  There is a lot of history surrounding the area (you're in the heart of Place d'Armes), so you're in for a treat if that is your thing.  Lots of great, inexpensive souvenir shops just to the east of the Basilica.  There was a lot of construction going on (I think they were repairing or adding something to the statue of Maisonneuve, which is right next to it), but everything else is pretty much accessible at the time I was there.Make this one of your priority stops! :)   And actually, an addition to the Bucket List. :)
5	If you pay a visit to Montreal, you HAVE to see The Notre-Dame Basilica located in Old Montreal. It is grand and magnificent from the outside and inside. As soon as you enter, you are blown away from the high ceilings which are a dark blue color decorated in gold stars. The rest of the Basilica is decorated in blues, reds, purples, silver, and gold. There are hundreds of wooden carvings and several religious statues. You will also find intricate stained glass windows. This basilica is gorgeous! There is a small entrance fee.
5	This is definitely a must-see when visiting Montreal. There's a five dollar entrance fee unless you're there to actually attend Mass, but it is worth it.Free 20-minute tours are held every 30 minutes in French and English, which are definitely worth staying for to get the history of not just the Basilica itself, but also how it ties into the history of the city of Montreal. One is also afforded the opportunity to gain perspective/meaning on the different features of the Basilica (the significance of the stained glass windows, the meaning of the bronze sculpture at the front of the chapel (which is behind the main church), the purpose of the single spiral staircase on the left side of the main church, what "Notre-Dame" even means, etc etc etc...).In three words: Just do it.p.s. The Notre-Dame Basilica is a French parish, so for those non-Francophone Catholics that are visiting and considering attending Mass, be aware that all Masses are conducted in French.
4	Notre-Dame Basilica is one grand Church right inside Montreal and is something you can't really miss when you visit Montreal. There simply isn't much to see here so I suggest you pay a visit. I have seen a tons of churches, basilicas, and chapels around the world but I would say Notre-Dame is quite impressive although not as grand and elaborated as Duomo in Florence. There are two parts here; one is the Basilica and the back is the Chapel, You do have to pay $5 to enter, which I consider cheap. They also have English and French guided tour if you so desire. They have the painted glass windows and bronze/gold looking architecture and it is very solemn and historic although some parts were restored after a major fire.
4	I was intending to get us to the And Then There was Light show but through a series of wonderfully fortuitous events, we found ourselves with free front and center tickets to Les Stars Chantent Noel in the Basilica last night. It was fantastic! Not only was the show incredible but it was my first chance to see the basilica from the inside. As an avid fan of Pope John Paul II, it's always a treat for me to go to places that he has visited. The building is gorgeous! I felt kinda guilty staring at all the intricate detailing around me instead of the show- but I honestly just came to see the basilica. The show's lights did make it all pretty cool and dramatic though. And getting to listen to the organ play was amazing! We took some time after the show to look at some of the other features before heading off. If I had more time, I would have loved to attend a full tour or the light show.
5	The beautiful angels in lights along with the nativity scene caught  my eye, so I walked across the plaza to check out the church when I noticed a handful of people darting inside.  It turned out the And Then There was Light Show was about to begin.  Though it had not been in my plans, I bought a ticket and was whisked inside, quickly grabbing an English headphone set and finding a seat in the crowded church.I had not idea what I had signed up for!  Well, I was both entertained and inspired.  The show captures the spirit behind the founding fathers of Montreal and Notre Dame.  It was both imaginative and beautifully rendered...highlighting parts of the architecture along the way.  I'm so glad I happened upon this at exactly the right moment!  The show gave me a deeper appreciation of both Notre Dame and the founding of Montreal.
5	Last time I was in Montreal I was only able to admire the church from the outside. I was able to make it inside and I was truly rewarded with a fantastic view and admiration for this gorgeous place. You could spend days marveling over the architecture and the intricate artwork and probably not say enough to do it justice. The stained glass, the pipe organ, the pulpit, altar, everything really exudes a magnificent solemnity. I posted the latest pictures but I only added #103-106, so I think that says it all.
4	Definitely a copy of the Eglise du Notre Dame in Paris, France, but much prettier on the inside.
4	Before going to dinner we decided to see the Luminaire show. Really didn't know what to expect. The show turned out to be the history of the church. The story was interesting and full of insight. After the drapes came down it exposed the grandeur of this church, and boy was it spectacular. I have never seen anything this beautiful in a house of worship. It was worth the $10.00 dollars for entrance.
4	All the guidebooks will tell you to make a visit to Basilique Nortre-Dame de Montreal and if you're in Old Montreal, even if you do not walk inside you cannot avoid this edifice even if you wanted to.  There is a small public square outside the gates and makes for a great stop to take a break and people watch.  Visited during the evening with $10 admission fee (which includes the Light & Audio Show and self-tour).  The Light Show was a bit cheesy but did give some good historical facts about the church and also allows you to appreciate the space, the architecture and the meaning behind the stain glass art.
5	Literally took my breath away. So, you guys know James Cameron? He made this awesome movie called Avatar. Brilliant film, but at the end it left me feeling kind of like I hate the human race, you know? What a bag of douches.But then I experience things like this amazing church and if mankind built something this beautiful that touches people the way it does, they can't be all bad. Also, Celine Dione got married here! I'm a fan :) It's only $5 and there is a fantastic sacred heart chapel in the back that you can't miss. So so so beautiful. Montreal is a super city, if you make it out there, this stop is a must! I didn't watch the light show, but I'm glad I didn't. Would probably cheapen the experience for me.
4	Basilique Notre-Dame de Montreal is the most beautiful church in Canada... Definitely worth a visit...I just love the deep blue coloured ceiling decorated with golden stars, the beautiful stained windows... all these intense colours... so pretty and breath taking..I tried to visit every time when I am in Montreal... I know some would have argue that I can admire the church from the slide shows and photos from the Internet... but being inside the structure itself.. feel the space, the atmosphere and even the soft whispering of the building, that's the reason I  travel!
5	Breathtaking.$5 is nothing in comparison to the utterly stunning beauty of the Basilica. They accept both CAD and USD! Plus, they have English speaking tours every 15 mins or so.The first time I tried to come inside, they were reserved for several private weddings! We decided to come by again before we headed back to NYC and it was one of our best decisions ever!
5	My friend described this place as "a party for your eyes."  My eyes definitely enjoyed this place.  I'm usually not a fan of really tourist-y things, but this place was worth the visit.  I'm also not used to paying $5 to enter a church but this is like no church I've been to.  I'm sure that Europe has many churches that would be more impressive, but in North America, I don't know if you could find a more magnificent church.  I think if you're in Montreal, this place is definitely worth the visit.  I didn't do the tour or use a map, but I was just fine wandering around.
3	If you're in the Montreal for a visit this is one of the few tourist things you can do. When hubby and I came, we were expecting to go on the English tour at 3pm. However, we were informed that an organist would be playing starting at 3, so there would be no more tours. Even better! We paid our $5 entrance fee and then walked around the church (very beautiful, especially the chapel in the back). It was nice that they didn't restrict and picture or video taking. At 3:30, the organist still hadn't shown up and no one on staff knew why. Surprisingly unprofessional, but also kind of matches the laid-back Canadian attitude. Was worth it to just see once, but I wouldn't go back.
5	If you are in Montreal this is a must see.  It was the best $5 dollars i have ever spent.  The craftsmanship is unreal.  Be sure to put this in your list if you are in Montreal.
5	Stunning! No wonder it's the top attraction on tripadvisor for Montreal. I've been to Montreal many times and finally found my way here. The visit is definitely worth it. The admission is cheap ($5), which includes a guided tour. The inside is just magnificent and breathtaking, with all the aura and grace of a church, the craftsmanship of the decors, interiors and stained glass windows are incredible. I would recommend anyone in the area a visit to this beautiful place!
5	Just beautiful!! Be sure to attend the light show. Only for $5 and will definitely be worth it! Also, the money goes to maintaining and restoring the Basilica
5	Don't let the semi-pretty outside fool you. The interior is truly breathtaking. Anyone can appreciate its beauty and grandeur. Pictures can't do it justice.Plan to spend some time lingering around the building and taking in the incredible art and architecture. From far away and close up, there are hundreds of things to examine. My visit proved to be even more immersive than visits to famous churches in Europe.  Your visit will surely be a memorable one that leaves a lasting impression. This is a must see in Montreal, even if you're only able to pop in for a few minutes.
5	This church was so impressive that I don't really have the words to review it all. We took the 90 minute tour and got to see many places that you can't see with the normal entrance fee or the short tour. Our tour guide Pierre was funny, really nice, enjoyed what he was doing and we learned a lot of history about both the church and Montreal. If you have the time and extra money I would definitely recommend the extended tour.
5	All I can say is WOW! Beautiful history! A must see!
5	A compulsory place to visit in Montreal for good reason. Pay your $5 Canadian and take in this amazing Basilica.
4	I wasn't able to go inside of the church, but from the outside it's a beautiful-looking church and architecturally sound. There's a large square located directly in front of the church so it's a great spot to take pictures of it. In the surrounding area, there are also shops for anyone looking to purchase souvenirs.
5	Having just visited Montreal, this is one of two of the most memorable sights I took in. Notre Dame is breath taking. I would highly recommend this to any tourist looking for a piece of history that will transport you to another time. I spent a good couple of hours in Notre-Dame taking in the many details in the craftsmanship but easily think I could have stayed longer. It was so beautiful and peaceful that it imparted such a calming sensation. Walking back out to the street was strange because I felt as though all of my anxiety had been released and I felt as though I could take on the world (and let me tell you, I am not a superhero!). I will undoubtedly return the next time I am in Montreal.Notre-Dame is great for all tourists in my opinon, just be age conscious if you have kids. Young kids may get bored, but there are guided tours that may be of more interest to them.
5	This is a must see even if you're not religious! We did both the inside tour and then visited at night after the light show, both were incredible. Astonishing  interior and worth every penny of the 5 dollar entry fee. Also make sure you look up and see the giant pipe organ before you exit!
5	A must see if your in town!!
5	The most amazing place! Absolutely stunning! Must to see!
5	Easily one of the most beautiful churches and most beautiful buildings I've ever seen. The amount of detail in the art and architecture is absolutely amazing and I could have easily spent hours inside just admiring everything. There's a fee to enter during the day, but I suggest trying to do the night light show if possible. The light show is about 1 hr long and explains the history of the church and Montreal in general (an added bonus is that you can get the audio in English!). You get ~15 minutes after the show to admire the inside of the church (and take pictures) and pray if you so wish. This is an absolute gem and I would re-visit Montreal again just to see this beautiful building.
4	Amazing church both inside and out. The stained glass and carpentry as top notch. I only wish they let us know that we could not see the whole thing when we bought tickets because there was some sort of celebrity baptism going on in the back. With that, it almost feels more glitzy than churchy. But still very beautiful.
4	Beauty beyond description. The photos, no matter how good, simply do not capture the splendour of this place. It's simply a must see. I would have given 5/5 but we payed for the "and Then There Was Light Show" billed as Montreal's "most spectacular light show" which is a BLATANT LIE. It's 45 mins long, 40 of which is nothing but bad acting (re: worst on screen death ever). If it wasn't for the light show at the last 5 mins, I would've asked for a refund. Why am I so harsh? Having something that bad quality at such a marvelous place is really dropping the ball and does detract from the experience.Frankly put, it's unprofessional and damages the visit.
4	Having visited the one in Paris first, I'm impressed how similar this version is to its namesake. The architecture is much less ornate, but the interior decoration is similar.Tourists can attend mass for free even if they aren't catholic. It was about an hour and absolutely awe-inspiring. The priest spoke four languages and the massive organ in the back was INTENSE.I think hearing the music and benedictions in a place like this is a better experience than even getting a guided tour, because you can read about all the facts later anyway. Just don't take communion if you aren't supposed to, obviously, because that's disrespectful.
5	Spectacular is the most apt word to describe this basilica.I've been to most - if not all - major basilicas in Western Europe, as well as many major churches and synagogues in the US and Israel, too. Basilica Notre Dame pales in comparison to few, if not none. It's a stunning architectural feat, and its interior is not to be missed. If you have but one day in Montreal to see the sites, this church in the heart of beautiful Old Montreal should be at the top of your list. I have visited this church maybe 5 times in my life, but just today, for the first time, did I take the guided tour. I was a little taken aback that it cost $10 to get in ($5 for students). I had never had to pay to enter a place of worship, and I don't recall having had to pay to visit here in the past, but I hear that even most European churches now charge for admission. Since I was here with my kids this time, showing them the city, I felt it important for them to see this church's interior. And I'm so glad we did! The guided tour was 20-25 minutes long, and even though I've been here 5 times before, I learned quite a bit about the history of this basilica, and of Montreal, too. For this reason alone, I'd recommend take the tour - even for native Montrealers. The stained glass windows all represent vignettes in the history of the founding of Montreal and this church, and the central organ has 7,000 pipes (wowza!). I had never before been in the chapel in the back, and that too was quite an eye-opener, especially the juxtaposition of the older architectural forms and motifs, with the newer chapel's materials and artwork.
5	The architecture, stained glass, and other intricacies inside the building is definitely breathtaking. By the way, singer Celine Dion got married here. This is a major tourist spot located in the Old Montreal area, which is a must see when in Montreal.   If you want a horse drawn carriage ride, there are several located next to the small park across the street.
5	Breathtakingly beautiful interior. Its an absolute must visit for both locals and tourists. Take a tour! I only took the 20 minute one, but now I wish I had taken the 60 min one. as i don't speak french, i took the english tour. my tour guide was wonderful. very knowledgeable, open to questions, english was impeccable, he had photos to show us, and was funny. i definitely learned more intriguing tidbits than I wouldve if i simply wandered around. theres two tours. a 20 min one thats included in the $5 entrance fee, and a 60 min one that ups the entrance fee to $10. which as entrance fees go, is pretty darn inexpensive.no food or drinks guys! i shoudlve known better but i had to finish my coffee before i could enter. (=
5	Breathtaking, spectacular, magnificent- all the adjectives used in previous reviews definitely apply to both the interior and exterior of this church.  If you have the means, pony up $5 to spend some time there and be sure to catch the guided tour.
5	An absolute must see while in Montreal; the faithful can appreciate the Church and others can admire the history and the architecture inside and out which both are incredible! Absolutely stunning beauty in the structure, the paintings, the ornate designs - everything. We saw the light show which gives a good recap of the history if the church and the history of the development of Montreal and you'll hear some of the organ pipes going and you'll be able to self tour afterwards for about 20 minutes after.
5	This is a MUST see if you visit Montreal.  I was here for the week on business and went exploring on a Saturday.  It's only a few dollars to go into the church, it's absolutely breathtaking, even if you are not Catholic but are a fan of architecture.
5	This grand and historic church, located in "Old Montreal", is one of the most beautiful I have ever seen. It is built in an ornate Gothic Revival style with a wondrous deep blue ceiling and golden stars. The sanctuary is toned in deep reds, blues, golds and silver.  While we were there, we watched the floor being raised for a special tour.  I imagined Monks in the basement making wine.Do not miss the small sanctuary behind the pulpit.  It is charming and ornate and features an amazing bronze relief wall sculpture.
5	Stunning to the point that it will take your breath away, give you goose-bumps and a feeling of euphoria just by it's sheer Beauty.  If you are in Montreal, make a point to go to the old city and visit Basilique Notre Dame De Montreal. Even if you are not Catholic, even if you are not religious, this has to be one of the most beautiful churches in existence. The architecture and the artwork is stunning.
4	this is a beautiful cathedral.. Its design and the upgrades to match the 21rst century are amazing. The lights inside the church make this church a place to want to get married. (scratch that). I have been to Notre Dame in paris and this resembles it a lot. A bit smaller but it still magnificent. It has 8 rows of seats side to side and 2 other floors with more seats. Also has a private chapel to pray that the  tourist cant get in.I'm not super religious but this is a must see for anyone, any faith or lack of. We saw tourist from all over the world looking at this masterpiece of a building. It sits on the old Montreal area and easy to get to from any location..Don't know why they have to charge $5 to get in and the guy selling the tix is rude..
5	Three letters. WOW. I walked through the door and couldn't stop staring at the front of the basilique. So much intricate detail!It's $5 admission and includes a guided tour. French and English tours are available and alternate on the hour and on the half hour. The tour last approximately 20 minutes. Mostly, you're taken to the front of the basilique and explained the history of the building, Montreal, the area, etc. Then taken into the chapel in the back. Both are impressive, but there's no heading into the roped off parts of the buildings. You can take as many photos as you want, they just ask that you stop during the tour. The "Grand Tours," as they're dubbed on the website, take place during the summer months, looks like June-October, cost extra, last an hour and require a minimum of 10 people to join. It's recommended you reserve a spot ahead for these "Grand Tours."Cool fact: The stained glass along the walls doesn't depict scenes from the Bible, rather scenes from Montreal's history.
3	This was my second time visiting the Basilique and my second experience was not as enjoyable as the first.  The first time was in the summer and we only got to see the outside: beautiful sunny day in August with a violinist playing out in the plaza.  It was a very romantic setting and has a special place in my memory.  The second time was in the bitter-cold of winter and we had reserved tickets for the 7:00 PM light show. Their light show is rather corny and a waste of $10 in my opinion.  There is a dead guy's voice narrating and there are a ton of effects complete with video, sound and an audio set both in English and French.  It absolutely takes away from how opulent and grand the church is on its own. Ending note is to not ruin it for yourself and doing the tourist thing of buying tickets.  It is much better viewed from outside, specifically during the warmer months.
5	Most definitely a must see if your in the area! $5 a person is so worth it! Now if you attend the tours it's even more of a deal! It's extremely beautiful inside, the stained glass shows the history of Montreal. Beautiful... Simply beautiful! Don't forget to check out the chapel in the back!
5	Cash only! (US $ accepted) There is a bank across the street if you need to withdraw money.This cathedral is definitely a must-see for any and all visitors. With a $5 entrance fee, you get to join in on a free tour and you have the opportunity to light a candle in various spots of the church.
5	As a tourist or a local the Basilique Notre-dame is a true treasure. Weather you love a church for its religion or its architecture this is the place to visit. I have been here at least 50 times and can go back another 50. One day I hope to see thier light show at night!!!
5	This place in magnificent inside. The entire chapel has been redone and is just beautiful. For $5 the tour is well worth it. They have it in both English and French. We lucked out and got to hear a short pipe organ performance, which was wonderful. There is a separate area inside just for prayer, if you do not wish a tour. Spend some time and see it. You won't regret it.
3	Amazing period architecture and well worth a visit to the boarding areas of the old city. Walk the streets and just take everything in. I have not seen the performances there but I will in the fall of 14.  Take the horse carriage ride there at night for you romantics. Who am I fooling. ..I liked it too.
4	Simply a beautiful church.  It costs $5 to visit, and $10 if you want to see the light show.  The show is a little hokey, but the light show at the end is really stunning.  A must see stop in Montreal!
4	The basilica is truly a magnificent edifice to see. The exterior resembles the Notre Dame church in Paris but not as intricate in details. Albeit relatively smaller, prepare to get tantalized as you walk past its large wooden doors. You'll be awestruck to see all the minute details of architecture in every corner. I'm always drawn to the stained glass windows when visiting a church and I just had to take a moment to really take all of the beauty in, and at the same time, trying to understand Montreal's social and religious history it depicts. The sanctuary and the altar is a sight to behold as well. Illustrating the Eucharist with sculptures surrounding the crucifixion of Christ Jesus, every detail symbolizes stories taken from the Old and New Testament. Let's not forget how grand and majestic the organ pipes look like from the mezzanine. It's breathtaking! Photography is allowed inside for those who want to take a few snapshots here and there but just be wary about using the flash. So is it free? Apparently not! Entrance fee is $5 (cash only) but USD is accepted. This is a church so I'm not quite sure why it requires a fee to enter. Then again, if you're here to attend mass, there's no fee required. Thank God, for that! Mass Schedule (Double check if it's in English or French):Mon-Fri: 7:30am and 12:15pmSat: 5:00pmSun: 8:00am, 9:30am, and 5:00pm, 11:00am Choir and organ I hear they offer a tour as well as a sound and light show but based on some reviews, I got convinced not to take them. Within walking distance from Chinatown and situated in Old Montreal, it's definitely a must-stop when you're visiting this city.
5	If ever in Montreal, old Montreal to be specific, this is a must see. It was a privilege to see such a beautiful church. The lighting and art work blows you away and no picture could do justice for  this gem.  It is an impressive and nice replication of  the Notre Dame church in Paris.
5	Had the incredible honor of attending Easter mass here.  Just a beautiful ceremony at one of the most incredible churches in the world.  I also had the great privilege of hearing the massive organ played.  I felt that going to the mass was a fair substitute for the tour.  I also recommend going at a time when you can hear the bells being rung.  If you are looking from outside, it is truly incredible to watch the effort it takes to ring the bells. This is another must-visit on any trip to Montreal.
5	A must see in Montreal. Don't forget to visit the small chapel in the back.  I was moved by the experience.
5	Absolutely beautiful basilica. It's $5 to get in, but it's a stunning structure. They have a light and music show in the evening, which just seems . . . weird.
5	Speechlessss.I'm Glad that I Stoped by to See That Beauty.Thx GOD
5	This really is the most incredible place. In case you're wondering, much better than the one in Quebec City. I would definitely put this on a must-see list.
5	Jaw-Dropping Beauty THAT YOU CANNOT MISS!!!What you need to know:1. $5 CAD (Canadian) to enter2. Quieter the earlier you go, and try for a weekday, weekends get more packed.3. Catch one of the English tours, they usually have a free tour with your ticket every 1/2 hour or every hour.4. DON'T miss the gold chapel behind the blue chapel (Walk to the right or left, and if you walk through the hallway and enter the other chapel, you will see a gorgeous, smaller gold chapel, which is breathtaking as well!)5. Pamphlets are by the entrance when you walk into the Basilica which are helpful to get a basic understanding of the place while you are walking around.6. Stained glass has significance to the history of Montreal, so don't miss the tour if you want to hear about it!7. Accessible by subway, get off at the Place d'Armes stop.8. There is a Sound & Light Show ($10) on every day except for Sundays and Mondays. For specific dates/times visit their website: http://www.basiliquenddm.org/en/events/light.aspx9. If you are Catholic, I've heard the mass here is amazing as well, so definitely put it on your list.10. And don't forget to pick your jaw up off the floor on your way out.Overall, unique and magnificent, at the heart of Montreal!
5	We came here as part of a tour group, and SO glad we did!  This place is amazing!  A must see if you come to Montreal!  You could literally spend hours in here.  So many details, so magnificent!  It was hard to take everything in because there is so much to see, the stained glass, the statues, the carvings, the altar, the pipe organ.  PLEASE go and see for yourself, you won't be disappointed.  You don't have to be religious, the place is truly a work of art!
5	I would definitely recommend checking out the Notre-dame when visiting Montreal. It is absolutely breathtaking. We went through a walking tour of the city and one of the spots was this beautiful church. We also ended up walking past it at night, and it's just as impressive. I would recommend coming at night for sure. The night time view of the church from the plaza was amazing. the illuminating church with blue hues were so pretty. It was nice just to sit and take in all the beauty of the Notre-dame de Montreal. The plaza had lovely live music playing and families strolling with kids dancing. It was very picturesque. So if you get a chance...I would recommend visiting!
5	The Entrance Fee is 5$. Although I didn't go through the tour, I looked up on my phone the history of the church as I sat in one of the pews.It made me smile as I sat in the Church and got to catch the ringing of the church bells signalling the time. When you walk into the Church you're going to be amazed by the painted night sky above you with golden stars and stained glass rose window skylights. The centre one with more details of what looks to be saints standing side by side surrounded by little angels. Can be easily over looked by those that don't look up. The pews ends have unique carvings in them as though you pray with the saints. The stained glass windows around the church are beautiful to look at, and also the various paintings on the walls all around. A beautiful single persons stair well which winds from the first floor also has two statues who seem to be conversing with one another. The decorative relief around the church is amazing to behold, with such amazing craftsmanship all around. Wander to the chapel in the back - The sacred heart chapel.It's a room of warmth golden glow. Beautiful. For those that like interesting historical religious titbits of information or little Easter eggs. There are two small alters in this chapel that have very old Catholic symbolic references that are rarely known today - which means these altars are most likely very old. One has a small painted calf - long ago there were animal sacrifices, offerings to God. You can also find a symbol of the pyramid with the all seeing eye on the other - symbol for the holy trinity. Well at least I thought finding these symbols a treat to see. Maybe I'm just dorky like that - but if you would like to see it, take some time to enjoy the altars and keep your eyes open - the symbols are kind of small.
5	Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. One of the most unbelievable places I've ever been. It reminds one of any of a number of Basilicas in Europe. Absolutely breathtaking.
5	Seems like all of the Notre Dame Basilicas that we have seen are wonderful.  Is the Basilica Notre-Dame de Montreal as amazing as it's namesake in Paris, France?  No, but it is still magnificient!  This is one of the most beautiful churches in Montreal.  They even have a $5 entry fee.  If you attend one of their masses, then you may stay longer after mass to tour the church on your own (for no fee). They will not allow others to enter the church until all the church goers have finished their self-guided tour.  We had to wait about 20 minutes before we were allowed to enter.  They offer guided tours every 20 minutes in either French or English.  We just grabbed one of their brochures and explored on our own.The church is a bit dark when you enter, but oh so beautiful!!  Simply stunning!  I took some pictures, but to really appreciate the beauty....you just have to visit here yourself.  Everything from the altar to the pulpit to the organ to the stained glass windows to the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament was amazing.The Basilique Notre-Dame de Montreal is a "Must Visit" destination in this wonderful city.  The church is located in Old Montreal, and it has an European feel to it.
5	Though not comparable to its Parisian counterpart, it is simply put majestic. The glow of Notre dame has the burden of the day lift from my shoulders many times. It's glory when the snow falls is unparalleled in town. The inside colorful tapestry and architecture caught me by surprise. I definitely recommend a stroll by this lovely piece of history in Montreal (preferably as snow falls)
5	A must stop when visiting Montreal. Don't forget to check the schedule of you're likely to show up during a church service and you don't want to just barge in.
5	One of the most beautiful pieces of architecture I have ever seen! Marvelous stained glass windows and very detailed designs! A must see when visiting Montreal!
2	Not as impressive as ten other with the same name in my opinion, and the $5 entrance fee was off-putting since it was a religious edifice. I found the whole place to be more business-like than a cathedral should be.  We were told there was a tour daily, but when we came later, they confirmed that yes there is a tour,, but you still have to purchase a ticket to join it.   So there is one tour daily and it requires a paid ticket to join! I felt the lady could have said that the first time and it would have been clear.The light show is apparently a little too theatrical, so I skipped it.  The Chartes Cathedral in Paris and Kolm Dom in Cologne were absolutely free and of no comparison in terms of architecture, stained glass and holy ambiance.  However; I see why some enjoy this cathedral. I thought exactly as yelp describes a two star review: "Meh, I've experienced better."
