4	2 stars= 1 block from my office!1 star= urban hipness1 star= actually tasty bran/raisin muffin and good chai.Good luck Urban Beans!
3	I first heard about this place via a tweet from @CenPhoTV, and since Urban Beans is located in my neighborhood, I decided to check them out.I like the interior. It is minimalist, large, and well lit. I spoke with whom I believe to be the owner (I didn't think to ask, but she was very friendly) while my iced Americano was made. She informed me they will be open until 10pm (except Sunday's) and have plans to host live music events and small workshops on sustainability. Having another neighborhood coffee joint with late hours is always a plus, and given the size of the interior I could easily see live music nights working there. The place definitely has potential.Now the reason for the three star review was the coffee. No new business, regardless of whether the owners have previous management experience, will ever rate higher than a three-star. As all things in life, lessons are learned through experience. Now the coffee wasn't bad, but it wasn't any better than say a Starbucks. This isn't a negative, only that with more experience I think the barista will pull a better shot and adjust their roast. Prices looked to be pretty reasonable. Food items are limited to pastries and muffins at the time, but I was told they have plans to bring in more confections and possibly even sandwiches.The outside patio was shaded and nice, but depending on the time of day, the road traffic on 7th Street might be a little too loud to enjoy a conversation. There appeared to be plenty of parking, both in the lot and on the side street.
3	Polished concrete floors. Mismatched wooden furniture. 32 chairs inside. 8 chairs on the 7th St. facing patio.  Stark white walls with local art -- the two owners are the first to show their work.  Pastries brought in from a number of local bakeries.  A glass menu board.  Free Wi-Fi with password.I ordered an espresso macchiato my two times in and got two different prices ($2.50 the first time, $1.30 the second).  I was told today when I picked up my order that the cashier (owner?) rung up the order wrong and next time the price would be correct.  No big deal.  The coffee is not Lux nor Copper Star, but I'd put it on par with Drip and Fair Trade.  Not a complex taste, but it does the trick.Not a lot of action in here either visit.  One or two people at any given time over a few hours.  The music is hit or miss, but volumed well, and unobtrusive.One of the barristas mentioned that they'd like to serve beer/wine some day and they have the makings of a walk-in cooler, replete with pounded copper door.  Indeed Phoenix could use more places where city dwellers drinking coffee can sidle up next to someone drinking a beer.
4	Cute! I love another independent coffee shop in my neck of the woods. The people working there were friendly, but not ingratiatingly so. The menu and prices - on par with other coffee shops. I had to try something to eat, but none of the baked goods had mad shelf appeal. I went for the cardamom coffee cake, which looked about as exciting as burnt white toast. Appearances are deceiving! A sweet, milky vanilla-caramel cake with a thick ribbon of dense, concentrated cinnamon based spice running throughout, all with a thin and barely perceptible glaze on top. Yum yum yum! A little greasy and so definitely not on my every day meal plan, but this will serve nicely for a treat every now and again. The coffee is average, but I'm no coffee snob. (I am baffled by those who suggest the barista should "learn to pull a good shot". WTF?) It's not Starbucks-burnt, so it works for me. The girl working there (I assume one of the owners) said Fox 10 News was out there yesterday morning, doing a remote report. Cool! I hope it brings them lots of business. It's a good location, in a little strip mall that also has an Aveda salon (who knew?), and just a little out of my way in the mornings. Oh yeah, and they were actually open when I got there a little after 6:30. What's up with coffee shops that don't open until 7 (or later!!!)? I will definitely be adding Urban Beans to my list of morning coffee sources.
4	LOVING that we have a cool, comfortable place to work with a patio that has atmosphere.  I wasn't loving the food, but they had a good selection of drinks, teas and smoothies.  The atmosphere is great for working and there are plenty of outlets.  Oh, and the bathroom is very nice - a plus in my book. Definitely going to be one of my main places to hang out with my computer.
4	I'm so glad I have a nice coffee shop within walking distance of my office! Though the location is a plus, the real reason I have become a regular is that they open earlier than Lux - 6 am - and have free WiFi. During a two month string of early morning test prep, the openers remembered me and asked about my progress on a daily basis.My favorite part about Urban Bean is that ALL of their products are compostable and they run a compost in the back. The only reason I didn't give five stars is because they have yet to add large tables (for two or three people to spread out books to study). Other than that - it's my fave!
5	No hippies here!I have nothing against hippies. I love them actually but do you ever feel like every coffee shop is just littered with them? I mean, do you just hang out here all day and take up valuable creative space? I needed to find a coffee joint that was quiet, served kick-ass coffee and baked goods and a comfortable place for me to work. I found it!!!! Urban Beans is my Easter egg. I was scared this might be one of those ultra modern, cold, coffee shops but while the decor is minimal, the impact it made felt like a firm hand shake that said, "Come in, stay for a while." And that's exactly what I did. There are so many tables here. No couches, which I thought I would miss, but I actually don't mind. All the chairs are different at every table which gives it an organized antique look. The area rugs bring warmth to it as well. I am set up next to a window, watching people and cars pass by as I "work."There is also a covered patio for nice days. I can't wait for the weather to warm up a bit so I can try that out.I ordered a toffee nut mocha and bought some home made toffee. The coffee came to me with a cute foam feather and a tasty coffee too. Not sweet and was a strong coffee. Exactly what I needed. The toffee is sooooo addicting. A caramel, buttery chunk with nuts and covered in chocolate. I can't wait to try the other cakes and muffins here too.I commend Urban Beans for making this a great escape from the day.
4	Really happy I finally checked out Urban Beans last week.   Friends have been yelping about it (off line, not here; they're not Yelpers, that's why I used a lower case y).  Anyway I really liked it!   It's a serene atmosphere, lovely art on the walls.  My iced mocha was perfectly prepared.  I was very tempted by all the pastries, and simply had to buy a fabulous cookie, but brought it back to the store to share with Chris rather than add it to my waistline.  Everything looked really yummy.One star deducted for the proximity of the hairdressers who stand outside and smoke cigarettes.     When will these people kick that nasty habit, yuk!   Ruins the atmosphere for me.
3	Consistently delicious iced mochas & incredibly friendly staff. Check this spot out if you're in the mood for an iced mocha, and soon enough we all will be ready for sinfully delicious iced coffee drinks once things heat up.They're baked good and bagels are supplied through Simply Bread, so they're solidly yummy as well. I feel like they could improve the place with respect to making it cozier, it has sort of an awkwardness to the space planning (some Persian rugs maybe?), but it's still a sweet little biz that we all should try and support.Wi-Fi, sunshine, and quietness also make it a great spot to work or meet a client for a casual meeting.
5	Urban Bean is simply delicious! I can't seem to stop gushing about this place because the food is amazing. Its upscale taste at a reasonable cost.  I must admit that the only disappointment I had about this place was that more people weren't there to discover the tastiness of their food. I had a Pear and Arugula dish and the goat cheese, pesto, and sun dried tomatoes dish. Both made me mouth happy. Overall this place is adorable and the staff including the owner are helpful and friendly. I'd suggest that all of PHX go to this place and enjoy.
5	urban beans how I do love thee.the espresso shots are pulled to perfection and i've never had a bad drink out of the 20 or so i've had so far here. the pastries and sweet treats are delicious. the toffee is to die for. the muffins make me melt. the tabouli and hummus are delish. the bagels are fresh. the goat cheese torte made me lick the plate clean. their smash drinks are amazing and i'm partial to the s'mores one. better than dutch bros sweet coffee treats. hands down.the best part is that everything in here is locally made and environmentally friendly.  from the cups which are made from corn and totally compostable to the friendly, down to earth staff that makes the place a truly great coffee spot. so many other coffee joints in the area want to claim they are local and environmentally friendly and blah blah blah, but really, the most they can lay claim to is that their coffee comes from somewhere in AZ. virginia, the owner, really prides herself on obtaining everything in the places from locales. with all the coffee options out there, make urban beans your first choice.
3	I strayed from my usual coffee bar, Luci's, to try out Urban Beans because I had a groupon burning a hole in my pocket.  My sister and I ordered a caramel toffee nut mocha, iced green tea/lemonade combo, and a slice of quiche.  Neither of us particularly loved our drinks... they weren't bad, but they weren't anything that we would ever crave.  And, considering that we both constantly crave the green tea/lemonade at Luci's, it just didn't seem like it was worth going out of the way to return here.  On the plus side, the quiche was fantastic.  Light, fluffy egg/ham filling on tender crust.  Lovely for a morning snack.While I liked the eclectic, mis-matched chair thing they have going on, I felt like the interior was lacking something.  Displays weren't as visually attractive as I would expect, and the vibe was kind of boring.  Ah, well... back to Luci's!
4	Urban Beans is a cool spot ya'll.  The interior is simple and pleasant.  The windows allow a lot of light to come in to make a nice bright atmosphere.  The walls have cool art and chalk drawings.   The drinks are good and reasonably priced.  Try the scones and biscotti.  They are excellent.Urban Beans has WiFi and an outside patio area.  The baristas are friendly and hip.  I have been there on an open musician night and it was a nice surprise.Urban Beans seems to be doing everything right.  What a great addition to Central Phoenix.
4	Just checked this place out since I recently moved right down the street. They must have heard that people were having a poor experience with regard to service because the guy helping me out was really friendly and talked with me for a bit about the different teas they offer. I saw that they also offer food/wine tastings on certain nights. The chef who coordinates this was also the barista who took my drink order. I agree with everyone that says the interior needs some renovation. I like the bright open space but some reading chairs and more wall decoration would certainly spruce the place up! All in all, it's a close, locally owned place that I'll be sure to stop by again when I need to.
4	Just Love this place! My hair stylist is in the same parking lot, so when I was hungry last time it was the closest place and the most healthy. They offered this great market salad! A combination of 3 salads. One included  fresh sliced Strawbrries. They were so sweet and juicy. Yum!! They also had a variety of Quiches. I choose the mushroom/spinanch quiche. OMG to die for!! Then I also got the apple tart pie, which was excellent! I love deserts and you can tell they used fresh ingredients. I would recommend this place to most people especially if you like to remain on the healthy side when eating out, but also have a sweet tooth. Like myself. There is a great selection to choose from for the desserts. Oh and when you order in, the presentation of the food is picture perfect. I've ate there twice and I'll be back!
5	I love to sit there with my drink and read my stuff. I am so comfortable to be there by myself for hours. Tables outside is nice. The plant in the pots are cute.All smashes are awesome, especially the one with almonds.Fruit cake is great (not too sweet)
5	SUCH an awesome coffee shop!  Very cool atmosphere, staff is super chill and friendly, free wifi, great drinks and a scrumptious selection of food & pastries.DRINKS:  For those vegans or with food allergies, they have Soy, Almond, and Rice Milk.  While the americano and cappucino are good, the Green Tea Smash and Dark Chocolate Smash with almond milk are my favorites!FOOD:  I've  had the Hummus and Tabouleh, a Turkey Cranberry Sandwhich, and a Pear & Jam Flatbread that was all amazing!  Also, they have lots of Gluten Free pastries (GF cookies, biscotti, twinkies).
2	Good lord.  I don't ask for much.  I ordered a slice of quiche and an iced coffee.  They didn't have to bake the quiche, just warm it up.  I waited 15 minutes and then went to the counter to ask for it.  The server looked confused and the Guy who took my order said he "got lost."  I heard the server apologize to at least three tables (but not to me).  She told one guy the toaster burned his cinnamon raisin bagel (the last one in the shop) and insisted repeatedly that SHE didn't burn it--it was the toaster's fault.  Quiche was tasty, though.  The server said it was mushroom and spinach, so I had to wonder for a minute what the bright red things in my quiche were...then, I figured out it was mushroom and chard.  Coffee was "eh."  The floor looked dirty.  There was a paper towel in the toilet.  Ok, I'm nit-picking now.  The place was moderately busy; the small private parking lot was full.  Fortunately, I was on my scooter, so I could squeeze into a non-parking space easily.
2	I thought our drinks were good, but the atmosphere was a bit cold. I would drive another two miles to get coffee elsewhere.
3	Free wifi and awesome atmosphere. Everything on their menu is fantastic.
4	It is great to find a superb coffee place within my area. I can bike ride here once it cools down! Lovely outdoor patio, nice and cool indoors. Bathrooms!! Excellent coffee drinks. Kind staff. Large and small tables. PLENTY of outlets. On and on and on. It is a down to earth cafe that will definitely stick around.
2	Service was slow. Ordered a nonfat chai latte with shot of espresso, not too complicated. The chai was bitter due to the herbs not being strained out which also made it gritty- a very unpleasant texture in a drink. The only pluses about this place is the decor & patio. Didn't try any food but it looked good.
4	Worked around the corner for about a year anticipating this place opening. Finally got to stop in for coffee this morning (a year later) and had a piping hot Americano and a mango-poppyseed muffin. Big fan so far! Looking forward to having coffee on the patio when it's a bit cooler.
5	Urban Beans is my neighborhood coffee shop. I could walk here, if I wished. I am a beverage snob, and definite foodie. I hadn't had their food until recently, so I didn't feel I could have written an adequate review. ;) The service is prompt and the baristas are usually friendly and helpful!But... Holy biscotti, batman!I tried the Honey Smoked Salmon Salad and have tried chocolate-orange, and lemon-lavender biscotti. Pastry aside, the food was delightfully healthy, with a touch into decadence, if you so desire. Each dip of the biscotti in my "Kiss" (Chocolate & Caramel) iced latte was stellar. The biscotti was even moist enough to eat without dipping it into the latte. The Honey Smoked Salmon Salad was stellar! It wasn't raw salmon, like I expected (I LOVE salmon). The texture with homemade croutons and the crisp, cool greens were a perfect compliment. I don't recall what the dressing was, but it appeared to have dijon mustard grains in it. I would eat this probably about 300 more times... Today. Right now.My S.O. had a Turkey and Brie sandwich, which he enjoyed... It was wonderful... Cuz I had to steal a bite, myself! ;) It was healthy and served with fresh fruit! I could be biased, however, as turkey sandwiches are my absolute favorite. The bathrooms are CLEAN and unisex. The patio is lovely in the cooler months, and breezy! Th interior is delightfully vintage, yet urban, in appeal, and clean & comfortable for co-working, or just screwing around online, like co-working tends to lead with me. My usual order for coffee has become the iced coffee with sugar-free mocha. I cream it to my taste, and carry on. I, admittedly, hadn't had good coffee for awhile, and remembered why I started turning my nose up at bad coffee, upon first sip of their lattes and iced coffee.Another thing that stands out to me is their array of LOCAL goods!! I'm very pro-local shopping when it's doable, and they bring it right to you with too-tempting popcorn, jellies, oils, teas, and jellies... Just to name a few!All in all... I can see myself walking here in the cooler months, to enjoy a local, tasty lunch... And doing this quite often! Or even dropping by for my morning coffee fix. ;)
5	seriously, urban beans is one of my favorite spots right now...and has been for quite some time! their coffee drinks are amazing and you can just smell the quality when you walk in the door. their food, although you may not necessarily think to order it, is outstanding. service is awesome; they are so genuine and friendly! i think their food options are even on the healthier side... so A+ for that! in addition, they hosted a series of wine tasting events, two of which i attended... so much fun! definitely look into their upcoming events when you can, as they take a lot of care in planning and making sure their customers are happy happy happy :)a must-try!
4	This place is awesome. Because Phoenix isn't a walking city, I tend to not go to coffee shops to do a few hours of work, choosing instead to sit on my couch with laptop in hand, but Urban Beans is the kind of place that makes me want to spend a few hours being productive--or just surfing Facebook. (Isn't it funny how you can feel productive doing social networking when you're at a cafe surrounded by semi-urbanites?)So, what makes Urban Beans different from other local coffee spots? A few things: the staff is really nice, the plugs are plentiful (although watch your step when you're crossing an open area), and they have really good, affordable food options. (Try the pear flatbread or the quiche!). My biggest complaint is the music. I'm OK with emo but some sort of batshit-crazy guy doing spoken word over Enya-like strings is enough to throw me--the ultimate multitasker--into distraction land. Keep it simple, folks, and this place may just become good enough for the coveted five stars.
5	I finally detoured myself down 7th St yesterday morning and stopped here.  Got a great iced soy latte and a mango scone.  Yum.  Stopped there again today and got a hot soy latte and a cranberry walnut scone with lime glaze...seriously yum.  Cute place, good art, friendly staff, easy parking, great soy lattes, great scones = my new favorite coffee shop.  And free wi-fi and a lovely patio!
2	My rubric for a coffee shop is pretty simple. The first and most important question is "How's the coffee?"I ordered a regular drip coffee and the barista (who was very nice and eager to answer my questions) served it to me... cold. The hot drip coffee was cold. And it tasted burnt. Bad on two counts.My cohort ordered an espresso and was served promptly. Unfortunately, his espresso was also subpar due to it's over-extraction.The furniture was mismatched (but not in that fun, quirky way... more of a "we stopped by a garage sale and this is what we found" way). The light fixtures were interesting but cast shadows directly on the artwork. Typically, I'd say that's bad form. On a positive note, the concrete floors were nice, and I was partial to their rugs.Their menus looked like a ripoff of Lux's glass window pane menus, but their merch area felt like a cross section of a duty-free airport gift shop. Pairing that with the chairs from various time periods and places, Urban Beans felt like it was trying to be several different shops at once.If you try to please everybody, you'll please nobody.
4	This place is exactly what a local coffee shop in Phoenix should be.  Lots of sunlight, good iced coffee.  (Also, apparently, they serve wine!)
5	So I heard about this place thru an acquaintance. She said she knew the owner, so I thought I'd give it a whirl. I just switched jobs, so it conveniently put me across the street from this place on 7th St just north of Osborn. At first I wasn't sure where it was, but the sign that you'll probably see best,  is their Urban Beans sidewalk sign and the other one is hidden behind trees for the most part (its actually their quaint patio with trees in the front that blocks the building. Anyway, I was eager to enter, so off I went. I found parking in the medium-sized parking lot, walked up to find the patio (as mentioned above) and entered the coffee house. It had the same feel as those you might find on Roosevelt. Really artsy and laid back. It has artwork that changes out once a month I believe and...FREE WIFI... yay! And please note, this place offers gluten-free products. I know that is important to a lot of people. So that's a bonus! Also the staff is very friendly and warm. Its so rare to get good customer service nowadays so I really boast about it when cust. service is good. They were eager to help me figure out what I'd like to drink and eat. The guy behind the counter went over the specials and everything. I ordered the turkey with brie. DELISH!  The turkey and brie (good sized portion by the way) had a very nice soft bread and cranberry aioli, brie cheese, with arugula. It also came with a side arugula salad. Very yummy. And I'm pretty sure those were homemade croutons in there too, but not sure though. Now about the coffee. I got one of the many monthly specials decaf / non-fat 'Gingerbread latte'.  Even though I love coffee, I rarely drink it b/c I don't drink caffeinated beverages any longer, but a decaf cup carries little caffeine so I indulge a few times a year. So this drink is way better than the gingerbread latte at Starbucks. (Dare I utter the words Starbucks in this place, they would prob. kick me out..lol) It was bold, creamy and very flavorful. I really enjoyed it. In fact, a few days later, I got another one!! Go ahead and try this place, I have already recommended it to a fellow co-worker, and he too, loved this place and is going to go back again.
5	Good coffe and amazing muffins. Great place to sit down and relax.
3	We waited at least 5 min for the caramel apple pie and finished it at least 10 min before our mochas were even up.  On a Wed 3pm at the front counter was just the one barista who kept taking in more orders, dishing more pastries, and somewhere in between making a drink.  At pickup, my pal did say the barista was hugely apologetic (though we had not said a word) and proactively gave us 2 free drink coupons.  So very nice, sloooooow service.Unique for a coffee place, can't wait to check out the "Happy Hour" nibbles and BYOB, yet for another day!
5	I love Urban Beans! It is probably one of the best coffee houses I have been to. The staff members are great and there is plenty of seating and lots of plugs for computers. The WiFi is very reliable! Can't wait for the weather to get a little warmer so I can have coffee on the patio!
4	I recently moved to the Coronado neighborhood and was hoping to find a good alternative to my favorite Melrose coffee shop.  a friend told me about Urban Beans and how great it was.  I didn't make it in during the holidays, but I finally did yesterday.The place is really spacious, bright, and inviting.  There are plenty of tables and chairs and it looks like a great place to study, read, or  hang out with a friend or two.I ordered a cafe au lait to go.  The nice guy at the counter asked me what ratio of coffee-to-milk I wanted and what kind of milk I wanted.  While the traditional cafe au lait is equal parts coffee and steamed whole milk, I don't always want lots of coffee flavor, so I found it thoughtful that he asked.The display case had lots of different goodies, and had I not just purchased some delectable creme brulee from Torched Goodness, I would have chosen a treat.  I have been told they also serve sandwiches and have some of the best hummus/veggie plates.  I'm really looking forward to trying that!My heart still belongs to my old coffee shop, but I think I'm going to really enjoy stopping in at Urban Beans.  Hooray!
3	I feel terrible for writing it a 3-star, but honestly I do not find their espresso or chai teas very good at all. Now, take a look at all the other reviews and people rave about it - so take it as you will, but I will not be returning here for the coffee/espresso. It's a serious bummout for me, because I like most everything else about this place.However, they have a GREAT selection of loose-leaf teas that smell like heaven. And it's an awesome place to work from - tons of windows with plenty of sunshine and a great patio. You just have to ask for the wi-fi code. The employees seem genuine and cordial, and I dig the fact that they have open mic nights and live music acts. I dig it as a cool joint to hang out at.It's a decent location with parking that has never been full for me. My favorite thing? They sell gluten-free goodies like biscotti and english muffins. Who knows if they rotate their GF selection, but I really appreciate any place that caters to my kind. AND it seems like they have a pretty big menu for a coffee house (like REAL food too). Summary: coffee? Not my thing here. Tea? Yes, please. Working? Pretty decent. Gluten-free selection? They are trying and that's all that counts.
5	I think you must be my most favourite coffee shop in North America. You bring that homey continental feeling to your locale, the kind that is hard to duplicate. I can envision your place in just about any country I have ever been to. And your food and beverages have that same feeling...I am a loyal customer and fan!
3	I live in the area and I have been very interested in trying this out. They have also certificates on Restaurant.com but I did not purchase one. I definitely have my favorite coffee shops but I am always open to adding another one to the list. I took my daughter with me, along with some children's books to read on a rainy, AZ day. I got myself an sugar-free vanilla nonfat latte and my daughter a kids hot chocolate. I had to repeat my latte order like 3 times to the male employee and after I got it, waited for it to cool down and took a sip, I realized they never added the syrup. Pretty annoying given how many times I had to remind the guy what I ordered as he rung me up. The lady who made my daughter's hot chocolate added whipped cream and chocolate syrup and didn't make it too hot, which I really appreciated. My daughter still ended up spilling it on her white shirt. What I was thinking???? A 3 year old, hot chocolate and a white shirt?? Aahhh, the never-ending lessons of a new mom. Since I forgot to bring a snack for my daughter, I ordered a blueberry muffin for her and a chocolate chip cookie for me. Both were extremely good. The total for the drinks and food were just under $9 which I think is standard. As I looked in the display case, at the food, there was a pretty good variety. As other reviewers mentioned, the chairs are mismatched throughout. I found a table with a comfy chair (all of the other chairs were the standard, hard, wooden) since I planned to have my daughter in my lap as we read. Overall, I would say I enoyed my time here (besides the drink mistake). I wish they had some arm chairs or couches or something but maybe they will in the future. There were alot of people here so U.B. seemed to be popular. I'm not sure if I would come back but maybe. I'm intrigued by the BYOB and the variety of events they have.
4	I love this coffee shop! They have excellent service and they have delicious coffee! They also have a fantastic almond latte! I have tried any of their baked goods but they look delish! This coffee shop is also environmentally friendly! Their coffee lids are made from cornstarch and plastic ware is made from potato starch, they dissolve in compost in so many days...So this coffee shop is a must stop for the neighborhood!
3	My parents and I went to Urban Beans tonight because I had a restaurant.com coupon.  There is plenty of parking, the cafe is large and there was plenty of room to sit.  We did not stay and eat due to a person playing very loudly on his keyboard so we couldn't converse with the person at the counter without shouting.  This is the kind of place for non-amplified music, but luckily the person took a break about two minutes after we had ordered our food to go.  When we arrived home we found that they had forgotten two of our salads, but everything we had ordered had been prepared well.  Not sure if Ill go back, but it was worth the discounted price.
2	I've been here four or five times and never been too impressed. The atmosphere, art installations and eclectic seating gave me high hopes. The location is also unbeatable, walking distance from my place. But the service has always been sub-par, like it's a bother to take my order and converse with me.  Everyone here, including most of the clientele, seem way too cool for school.  The iced tea, my usual, is good; the iced coffee is great-tons of flavor and plenty of body. Espresso drinks are pretty standard for your indie coffee shop. I've asked for their vegan pastry (which changes daily) three times only to be told that they ran out for the day. I know that this happens, and I love that they freshly bake their goodies everyday and have a rotating menu, but I would also like to try the vegan scone sometime please.Today, I ordered a strawberry-raspberry-cranberry smoothie ($5 for a small!) and confirmed with the boy behind the counter that the smoothies are vegan/non-dairy. He said yes then informed me that they use Naked juices for the base then just add fruit and ice. (Naked juice! So that's where the $5 price tag comes from!) Three minutes later, I was handed a delicious looking smoothie topped with...whipped cream...?Really?!
2	The ears to hear our order not so great. Latte not so great. Scones were okay. Perhaps my expectations, and only visit, got the best of me.
4	Great spot! Spacious tables for homework or newspaper reading. Friendly staff. Turkey with brie is awesome.
4	Good drip coffee and pie, staff is avg. WiFi fast and free. Comfortable seating, pleasant ambient noise.
4	Regarding @urbanbeans :Urban: 1.  pertaining to, of, or designating a city or town2.  living in a city3.  characteristic of or accustomed to cities; citifiedBean:1.  the edible nutritious seed of various plants of the legume family2.  a plant producing such seeds3.  the pod of such a plant, especially when eaten as a vegetable4. any of various other beanlike seeds or plants, as the coffee beanUrban Bean:1.  a business located in the city of Phoenix serving refreshments produced by various methods from the seed or "bean" of the commercially cultivated  tropical tree of the genus Coffea, of the madder family, especially C. arabica  and C. canephora2.  a local establishment in an urban setting offering a relaxing atmosphere and tasty beverages as well as free wifi and an assortment of pastries*thanks to @dailydefinition
5	When im in Central Phoenix and looking for a pick me up that won't land me in jail, Urban Beans is the only place I get my iced coffee from. I guess it is slow brewed for 12 hours, and honestly you can taste the difference.Also they support many local business's as well as purchase locally roasted beans. Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. Great patio seating area right off 7th street and also a spacious interior, to work, study, meet, or just have a cup of your favorite beverage. They also have a great little market area with tons of cool local companies products on display. Check it out, and stay away from that green place. Put your money someplace that actually cares!
4	Phoenix seems to lack good coffeehouses in general (hey, I'm from the Northwest, and am accustomed to many good coffeehouses sprinkled all over town within blocks of each other), but this one I like.  I tried Copper Star, Fair Trade, LUX, Lola, and Conspire during the year and a half we lived there and none provided the atmosphere of a true coffeehouse where you can relax, listen to music, converse with friends, and maybe view some local art while chowing on a healthy snack...except Urban Beans.The owner works the counter, is conversational and friendly, and really enjoys what she does.  The coffee shops in Phoenix tend to be so small that the enjoyment of the patrons really seems like an afterthought.  Every coffee shop we visited (except Urban Beans) had no seating room.  Kids (I use that term loosely...think 23 and under) bring in their laptops, order a drip coffee, and sit all day long taking up space that others could be using while enjoying a coffee. The kids who work at the coffeehouses don't seem to care because it's their FRIENDS who are hanging out on the couches the entire day.Urban Beans is for grown-ups and for people who want to experience good coffee in a friendly atmosphere, while nibbling on a salad, then continuing with life elsewhere after an hour or so of kabitzing.  Gawd, I sound old! :)
5	Get Your PHX got me here for my second visit yesterday and I'm glad they did!  Two months ago they built a bar in the place, serving craft beer and select wine.  They'll soon have a full dinner menu as well.We packed the house for a free wine pairing [I know it's a small business and know how much Virginia Senior, proprietress sacrificed] on their regular 'BU Thursday' wine pairing event - a mere $15 normally.  Virginia, at least for me, your sacrifice will not have been in vain - you've secured 2 new regular customers!The sommelier's discernment shined brightly and the chef's pairing choices were competent and then some - I rarely get the 'frisson' I experienced in the Queso Manchego paired with the 2008 Edge Cabernet.You won't regret showing up next Thursday for their weekly wine pairing.
5	Going to Urban Beans in a highlight in my day.  Their coffee is excellent and always have fresh, wonderful food.  They obviously take great care in selecting their ingredients and provide plenty of variety.The staff is always friendly and courteous.  If you are looking for a great local coffeehouse, look no further than Urban Beans.
5	This place is awesome. Iced coffee is awesome. Service is awesome. Breakfast sandwich is awesome. Awesome location right off 7th St & Osborne. A large drink (or what u may know as a "Grande") is gonna run you about $4-$6 so I would say average priced coffee drinks. A nice lady owns the shop and I see her often interacting with her employees and smiling. I bet she's cool. For Bfast you can choose from egg sandwiches, a few different quiches, scones, and a daily special ( todays was french toast). I've had the Farm egg sandwich (probably 5 times) and the honey salmon salad. Both are tasty! They have beer & wine and on Sundays they offer brunch with a bloody mary or mimosa. I will try that soon & follow up. They have a stamp card buy 10 get one free. The staff looks like hipster cool kids & that's cool. Its a cool local spot. Try it. You will go back!
5	Great coffee + occasional live music + wine bar + fun art and style = 5 stars!Urban bean really increases my love for Phoenix. If you come at the right time, just sitting with your coffee and enjoying the ambiance is very euphoric.YOU MUST TRY:1. The wine bar2. Joyous almond smash3. Smash me s'more4. Dark chocolate mocha smash
1	Coffee-meh. Not great, not horrible.Scone-dry.Service-ridiculously slow.The night we were there (8/11), the owner came and asked a group of people (who were clearly having some sort of meeting) to stop talking because they were "disturbing the guitar player." Chased 8 paying customers (at least I assume they were paying customers; they all had drinks) out the door. Weird!! Don't think I'll be going back.
4	Yum!First visit today and I was deff impressed.  Tried the chai and a potato quiche.  Chai wasn't bad, quiche was delicious.  Prices are right at what you would expect for a cute coffee house.  Vibe was very relaxed.  Can't wait to come again and try some of the other good, and check out the wine!
5	I absolutely love this place!!! I have been coming here for over a year. I have called this my personal office since I was in school! The internet is free, the tea is wonderful, and the food is second to none! The staff always goes the extra mile, and I have never had a bad experience there. A+ in my book!
3	Decent espresso, good selection of drinks & food, friendly staff, priced a tad higher than other places. Great place to get some work done.
4	I've been here twice in the past month and will definitely be back.It's GeekVille. I mean, I was waiting for my date to show up and heard all about how Batman came to be or something like that. AND I heard people talking about Dungeons and Dragons. (Which was one of the causes for my divorce, but I don't hold it against other people, just my ex-husband.)There are a bunch of tables outside and two different rooms inside. One is set up like the computer lab in high school. Lots of laptops here!I love their iced tea. I get it every time. I know it sounds lame to include iced tea in a review, but I like it. I don't get the fancy schmancy flavored kind, either. I'm a purist, I guess.Staff is super friendly, too. You need to ask them for the key to the bathroom, as it's outside, off the patio. They're really clean, too.On weekends, it's open 24 hours!!!!!!
4	For a coffee joint there is a surprisingly large amount of space.  Local art lines the walls (and it's for sale), a few locally made items such as coffee cup cozies are also available.  I was happy to find that along with a gorgeous array of pastries ranging from vegan chocolate torte to chocolate pecan pie, there was also an assortment of breakfast and lunch items.Not only does Urban Beans feature a Sunday Brunch with Omelet bar every Sunday, but there is a wonderful assortment of breakfast items to be enjoyed.   Farm egg sandwiches on toasted english muffins, Market quiche, granola parfait, scones, and even gluten free vegan english muffins.Furthermore, lunch selections boast a fabulous spread of sandwiches such as the turkey, brie, cranberry sandwich with a fabulous mango cranberry chutney and fresh arugula.  For the salad selection I highly recommend the quinoa mediterranean salad with mini tomatoes, persian cucumbers, feta cheese, fresh mint, and their citrus house vinaigrette.A more esoteric selection on the menu is the pear and arugula melt, with fresh pears, arugula, fontina cheese, and a balsamic raspberry reduction.Average price of a sandwhich is about $8, salads and quiches range from $4.50-$7.50.  Melts are about $8-$9.  I have only sampled the Chai latte here, which I thought was beautifully rendered.  Coffee and espresso drinks are abundant here, prices are very reasonable.Great lunch spot, perfect for browsing the internet with their free wi-fi on a lazy sunday.
1	I stop by once a month to remind myself that, although close to my house, this place is still lame, poorly run and the customer service sucks.  If your playing on your phone when I come in, can you please wash your hands before rubbing them all over the lid of my coffee... which is average at best.  Oh and this is a new trend you may want to try, when I hand you my money, you reply by saying Thank You.
4	Urban Beans is definitely a great find in Urban Phoenix. While this coffee shop makes its home on busy 7th street, the second I stepped foot inside, I forgot what was going on outside. Urban Beans has the perfect environment of independent coffee shop meets a clean and modern space with an eclectic touch. There's plenty of seating inside and out and they even have comfy chairs at the tables. Free Wii Fi and electrical outlets make this the perfect work space and the food and drink options make it the ideal one. The iced coffee here is delicious and I was happy to learn that they have sugar free chocolate syrup which is far and few between! It is pricey though and was $5.04 for a large iced coffee. I would definitely be in trouble if I worked here too long and too much! But the coffee is good and the environment is even better so I will most definitely be back.
5	I'm going to up my review for Urban Beans to five stars. The music generally seems to have improved, but more importantly, the weekend brunch offerings are awesome. In addition to a la carte items, UB offers a great multi-course breakfast, with your choice of side, main dish (including custom omelet), coffee and adult beverage (choice of mimosa or bloody mary). I don't remember the exact price but it's around $15 and worth every penny. And, if I'm going to have to be a coffee shop working on Sunday, it's awesome to be able to get a real breakfast and not just a pastry. Highly recommended :)
5	I work in the area and drive past here everyday but never had a chance to stop in. Had an extra hour after work the other day so stopped in to have a cup of coffee and a sandwich. I've been back twice since. Drinks are great, food is great, perfect atmosphere to sit and read, catch up with an old friend, or just kill sometime with a glass of wine or cup of coffee! And the caprese sandwich is heavenly!
4	I've been on a coffee quest lately and popped in here for an Americano and a brownie the other day. They had a line going so it was a wait: A. to put in my order; and B. to get my order. Fortunately I was not pressed for time so this wasn't a deal breaker for me on this particular day.  Strange that as soon as my order arrived, the number of staff went from two to four-things went much more smoothly after this. Maybe it was dead and two people went on break and five minutes later a crowd came in. Who knows and like I said, not a deal breaker.I enjoyed my Americano and the man who waited on me heated my brownie, which was a nice touch. The place reminds me of a cafe I used to hit when I was in Buenos Aires so it made me feel nostalgic. Just a touch of European flavor mixed in with great local products. Truth be told, I probably I like the atmosphere here more than what I consumed. I have to say that  the Espresso at Lux is THE BEST in The Valley and nothing, including Urban Beans, has come close.But as I've seen myself saying a lot lately, this is no reason not to check these guys out. In addition to coffee, they have pastries, smoothies, sandwiches and other cafe fare. I also like the wine bar which I may need to visit in the near future. One of their best features is the patio which will be a great place to enjoy a brew or a glass of vino. So I like the place and I will be back.
5	I walked in here today and it was like a scene out of a musical. I can't even explain, everyone was so nice. They were perfectly cheery, explained all of their tea selections to me, laughed at my decision making process, and made me a delicious iced green mint tea.I sat down at a table and made eye contact with a handsome stranger. There were actually a lot of handsome strangers, maybe a good place to find a date!I smiled, put a little sugar in my tea, and was on my way, but not before ANOTHER handsome stranger held the door open for me and said he hoped I would have "a lovely day."So I clicked my heels, sipped my tea, and went off into the sunset.
4	Not a coffee snob and I don't wear scarves or own a "fixie," so take this review with a grain of regular ol' table salt.Atmosphere is small and pleasant, and they predictably had some nice indie-flavored muzak. The outdoor seating looks really pleasant, but Indian School and 7th Street doesn't do much to provide a view. Girl working there was awesomely friendly, but a little disappointed when I ordered an iced coffee. She kept waiting with a wishful look in her eye that I might add something to it, some undiscovered new twist or challenge for her to make to order. I get the feeling that the staff here is rather bored with coffee - if you or someone else you know has a difficult order with way too many adjectives, get them down to Urban Beans. They're hungry for the challenge.Iced coffee was decent, average priced. Four stars for the friendly staff and great atmosphere.
4	First visit here and I'm pleasantly surprised!  Great breve cappuccino and I just love when they decorate the froth!  I can't give it 5 stars because it just wasn't THAT impressive but I'll certainly return.
5	Love this place! Awesome food, fun events and the best place to get some work done!
5	Urban Beans has very quickly become my fave coffee shop in Phoenix. It's locally owned, unique, good food and coffee, great service, free WiFi, and awesome hours. All of these bode well for a full-time employee + grad student. On weeks when I have an exam, you can find me in here nearly every night.  They have a Sunday brunch, and always some tasty snacks (quiche, muffins, scones, cookies, etc.) and even breakfast items. Vegan options are available also. There's a wine bar also! I love the quirky furniture and artwork (which is for sale, by the way). I love giving my patronage to locally-owned businesses, and this is a really good one.
4	Urban Beans does a nice job at lunch.  We enjoyed a bowl of lentil soup with some great toasted ciabatta bread and a salad.They let the beans shine through with just a hint of onions, potatoes and carrots.  Very tasty and healthy.
4	Breakfast sandwich was terrific with a mimosa which I believe had muddled raspberry? Capuccino has cinnamon sprinkled on top which I don't really care for but otherwise it was good. I love supporting local businesses and this is worthy of support.
4	Came here for a double shot of espresso.   Very clean taste and liked the smoothness of the espresso.    Can't go wrong and it's close by the office!
4	I've been going here for awhile now but felt compelled to review it right now because I am, as I am typing this, enjoying a fresh rasberry-peach scone that is still warm.  (Go in when they first open to get them fresh out of the oven) This place has the most exciting assortment of baked goods compared to other coffee shops that only offer sad, overcooked cookies, stale scones, etc.,  Their scones are baked in the store and they have awesome flavors using different combinations of fresh fruit.  The iced coffee is really nice too. It is really smooth and not too bitter.
5	Stop everything you're doing and go get one of their brownies, warmed up, with an ice cold glass of milk. I'll never be the same.
5	Oh, Urban Beans, after 15 visits on various days of the week and at all sorts of times of day, how have I not yet reviewed your awesomeness?The truth is, I don't really care about your iced tea, which IS tasty, and I don't really care about your Caprese sandwich (which I have devoured numerous times).  What I REALLY, really love...is your muffins.You are magic with the muffins.I have had every flavor you sell, I think, and each one has been more delicious than the last, with my favorite being the raspberry mango.  I always tell myself I will save some for later.  Turns out later is about 15 seconds after "before."Thank you for allowing me to have my dogs (both big and small) on your patio.  Thank you for understanding that I prefer four-legged children to two.  Thank you for having doable business hours, great prices, and EVEN for having irresistible homemade pasta in your establishment for me to take home and cook later.I just love you, Urban Beans!
2	Average, needs better seating( more comfy) - drinks average, only had an ice mocha - so their food may be good?  However, do they sweep the floors?  Very, very dirty - the topper was the wooden chairs had dust that settled in the lower seat area - dusting is must and sweeping and sweeping up mid-day is necessary. Probably wont be back....
5	Tried this place for the first time with some friends in a Friday evening and really enjoyed it.  Friendly staff,  nice feel,  and the chai tea latte was yummy.
4	Pro:  Good coffee,  locally owned, nice selection of baked goods. Consistently good attitudes.  Con:  Limited parking.   Give the national chains a rest  and stimulate the local economy.  Well worth a try.  Though I haven't tried the beer/wine options they look good for happy hour.  This place is user friendly in many ways.
5	I greatly enjoyed this place. Polite and friendly staff. Nice mix of deserts, teas, cofee and even wine and beer.  Nice atmosphere. Will be back.
2	I'm sitting here as I write this.I'm thoroughly unimpressed. With its bare white walls and sparse attempts at decor, this place is overly and unreasonably obnoxious. Despite not being crowded, and there never being more than one person in front of me each time, I had to wait on line.  With two people working behind the counter there's no reason to forget my order or make me wait 5+ minutes each time I needed something (to get my coffee, to ask for the Internet password, and then to remind them that I ordered coffee). Unfortunately the coffee supplied was  mediocre as best. Disruptive music selection that was too damn loud. Annoying..thank God for pandora.com, a good set of ear-bud, and reasonable wi-fi or I never would have gotten any work done.The only reason I'd come back here is if my son had another concert to attend nearby. Needless to say, I do not recommend.
5	Great coffee and a good atmosphere. The also offer beer and wine making it a great place to grab a drink after work.Dog friendly patio is always a bonus as well.
4	Awww, so cute!I was in need of some coffee and was in the area so I stopped into Urban Beans on a Thursday mid-morning. First of all, they have a very cozy patio with canopy style roofing and large bulb stranded lights (they weren't on because it was 11am). The interior is larger than you'd expect. Counter with 2 bakery cases (chuck full of pies, muffins, cupcakes, brownies, etc.) side bar area, two seating areas (one medium with window seating, one large with couches more appropriate for longer period of sitting). I ordered the caramel toffee nut mocha and a gluten-free red velvet cupcake, came out to be $8. Not bad. My coffee was a large and lemme tell you, it's very large. I'm gittery just typing this but in the best way possible. The cupcake was delightful, huge thick topping of sprinkled icing and a yummy, moist cake bottom.The staff is very friendly. In fact, I was complimented twice in a matter of the 20 minutes I was there on my outfit so you know the staff has to be friendly if they're attracting such pleasant merchants too.I will def go back here.
2	I feel like I came on the wrong day.  The kid at the register was very slow-moving and inattentive.  There was definitely no effort coming from this guy.  I ordered a sandwich to go and he gave it to me on a plate, then put it in a plastic box which started to melt on the bottom from the heat.  The sandwich was totally tasteless and generally not good.  It was definitely a "waste of money" situation.  My latte was ok, but not exactly competition for my regular hangouts.  I'll try it again if I'm ever in the area and looking, but definitely no special visits.
3	Cool place, nice people. A bit loud if you are looking for a quiet spot. Cheese and fruit plate kind of generic but I'd go back.
4	Got a small caramel toffee mocha and a red velvet cupcake. Also tried a bit of my friend's strawberry scone (she got the same flavour drink). The coffee was really good and smooth - not over roasted or too strong/weak and had a really nice sweet toffee flavour. The cupcake was a little more thick and cold than I prefer (I like my cake more fluffy/airy and room temperature) but was really good and not too sugary. The scone was definitely better, though.The only problem was that the coffees did take a long time to come out and it wasn't that busy, but there was only one barista and I didn't pay attention to the line length. Seems like a great neighbourhood spot, though.There was a live guitar player at the time which was kind of neat but strange on a Saturday morning.
4	You can go and get you some regular ol beans from Starbucks or you can swing over to Urban Beans and grab a cup full of something local and special just for you! I love the feel of this little place. Totally fits the name. Urban and trendy kind of coffee place within the heart of midtown. The unique drinks you can get here are awesome also! The mocha almond smash and green tea smash are summer favorites for me. The large latte comes with four shots of espresso at a great price for under 5 bucks. They do this movie night one Monday of the month though I can't recal which right now. All in alljust a great little coffee spot. Try it, you might like it!
5	I worked at Urban Bean for a summer a few yeras ago and absolutely loved it.  One of the main appeals for me was how "green" the place was.  The to-go cups are biodegradable, the coffee is local and organic, the pastries are baked on site, the used coffee grounds are composted, and the extra pastries are donated. The drinks are quite tasty as well. Although I haven't been in a while to try newer items, all of the classic stuff is delicious! I also recommend the cardamom cake if it's still offered--it tastes like a chai tea in cake form. Yum!
4	I love this place. I've been here a handful of times and keep coming back because of the atmosphere. Coffee is pretty much coffee everywhere. I've been to several and they're all pretty much the same. That's the case here too. But the reason this place is great is because of the vibe. It's a spacious room with white walls, mismatched chairs and tables. It's a good place to come and chill out. It's very quiet and laid back. I did have the red velvet cupcake they had once before and I wasn't a fan. But it wasn't terrible. I like to meet up with one of my friends here from time to time. The patio is nice, but it's alongside a busy street so it's a little noisy. Service depends on who is there. I've gotten some people who are very friendly and nice, and some who just ask you what your order is and hand it out.
5	I have gone to Urban Beans a few times and have always left satisfied.When I went today to get some breakfast, I wasn't sure exactly what I wanted. The gentleman at the counter recommend their special which was a poblano egg sandwhich. Omg....did that hit the spot! It was exactly what I wanted and tasted so good. Also as always my raspberry mocha was yummy and a perfect balance of berry sweetness and creamy chocolate!
4	Coffee is actually pretty good. Loved the Urban Beans flatbread with Schreiner's sausage, which is just down the street (convenient). I liked the atmosphere and outdoor patio, very comfortable. I will be back for sure, especially for their wine hour.
4	I like the ambiance it comes with, you can either sit out side or stay inside and just relax. the coffee is great! great alternative to Starbucks!
3	It's in a good location and works well enough as a cafe. They share their location with a wine bar that starts serving in the afternoon. It would make a pretty good date location. Depending on who you get at the counter service can be either stellar or almost laughable.
4	My husband and I love to do work from Urban Beans.  We enjoy the coffee, the snacks they offer are always delicious, and the space is great.My only complaint is the service, and it's only one barista in particular.  We get great service from everyone else.  Much like one of the reviewers below, we have had this barista just stare at us when come up to the counter with a strange look on her face, and she says nothing.  I decided to just start ordering when the strange look turned into a nasty looking smirk.  I've asked her about some of the food on previous visits, if she had eaten it, and she made another strange face and said, "Uh, no."  This barista really creates a terrible vibe for our visits, and seems very unfriendly and rude.  We LOVE the place, for every other reason, but next work-session, we are going to try somewhere else.  I'm sure we will be back in though - UB is just too good in all other areas.
4	We used to live across street, I miss this place I wish they had one in ahwatukee... Every time I'm around the area I stop for a hot late, I love their coffee and the cool place ...forget about starbucks!
1	I go to Urban Bean a LOT for coffee.  My husband and I have hit lunch there a couple times.  Just invited two friends for happy hour after being told by a worker that wine is $5.00 a glass, draft beer $3.00.  Our bill came  -  YIKES!!!   First our waitress didn't give us any happy hour price on our wine and then we find out that it's $5.00 on 'certain' glass' and $1.00 off the others.  I tried to use my Belly points, but they amounted to a big FAT ZERO.   No one even thought of giving us what we were told, so I guess with all the fantastic happy hours out there, I won't be back.  Sad that business' don't care enough to keep a happy customer insert a sad face here.
5	Fantastic lunch at a great price - all the right ingredients blended perfectly together and the obviously homemade sauce, which for me either makes or breaks an Italian dish, is neither overpowering nor bland. This delightful marinara accents the cheesy vegetable blend making this lasagna to die for!  And at $6.50 the word will spread quickly.I love the atmosphere here and keep being surprised at the interesting dishes they continue to offer.
4	Great coffee, friendly service, and good food.
5	I'm very excited about this place. It reminds me of a long-gone coffee shop in Sedona called Cups. No two chairs, tables, or coffee cups were the same. There was artwork packed on the walls made by local artists...all for sale...and the place was charming. But no more. It got bulldozed for the sake of a larger strip mall. Progress, right?Urban Beans reminds me of Cups. Most of the chairs and tables are wildly different (some of the chairs are too wild...they are impossible to walk around which can be a nuisance if the place is busy), and there is some art on the walls available for sale. The pastries are wonderful, and their menu items are fantastic. The coffee tastes wonderful, and I should know, because I've been in the industry for many years. The people behind the counter are helpful and friendly. Can't ask for more. The only critique is that the walls are a bit in a state of disrepair and the lighting needs to be tweaked a bit. This location is on the brink of becoming a TOP NOTCH place to go. Phoenix LACKS culture and art (First Friday is a laughable waste of time), and Urban Beans stands to be the game-changer in this arena. Take note, Phoenix! Urban Beans is a wonderful hangout, and it poised to start a new trend in coffee shops and hangouts. I am exited to see what the future holds.
2	So...I want to like this place due to the convenient location.  There were a couple of good experiences - coffee was pretty good, lentil soup was really good.  Service was 'meh'.  But the bad experiences were so bizarre, I don't think I'll be coming back.1: In a hurry to pick up my sister from work, I stopped by to grab a to-go snack for the both of us.  Goat cheese/pesto/sundried tomato tart?  Sounds delicious!  It was delicious upon tasting it.  However, there were bits of *sharp* broken plastic lodged in the goat cheese, (which, by the way, I chewed on until I realized that it wasn't a really dry tomato, but in fact plastic).  I took a picture, then called to provide a friendly, "FYI - this happened.  I don't know how this happened, but you might want to investigate."  She was friendly enough, but incredulous, (are you sure this didn't somehow magically happen inside the closed to-go bag/box while you were driving?) - lending to the worry that nothing was done in terms of investigation.  I tossed the rest of it, (to the dismay of my hungry sister), for fear of destroying her insides.2: Upon the next visit, (a week or so later), I stopped in to have the soup, since the lentil was great the last time I had soup here.  They didn't have the lentil, but they did have the roasted red pepper.  When I came to order, the guy at the counter informed me that they only had enough soup left for one cup, and that he wanted it.  I couldn't tell if he was joking, but after a long stare, he placed the order.  When I went to pay, he informed me that I wouldn't have to pay sales tax today because their 'system was down'.  Thanks?  That sounds...a bit unethical, but okay.  Soup finally came out, (was told the reason it took a while because there was work going on in the back).  Delicious, much like the lentil soup.  But as I was eating, I noticed the contractors working in the kitchen were on ladders doing something to the ceiling.  Above where the food is being prepared.   No bits of ceiling in the soup, thankfully.  But wow.Like I said - very torn.  The food is great tasting, but I shouldn't have to worry about ingesting foreign objects upon each visit.
4	Swung by this place and the service was excellent.  Very friendly guys behind the counter and in the back-of-the-house.  The only food I tried was their balsamic pear flatbread, which was a nice combination of salty and sweet.  They had a variety of housemade baked goods and their coffee/wine selection seems to be a major focus. Casual and comfy place(with outside seating) to study or go meet up with a friend for coffee/small bite.
5	A new fave place to set up shop, enjoy REALLY good coffee/espresso drinks, and get some work done with super-fast wifi!The pastries have all been tasty and they have a good variety that changes along with the chef that is there each day.  And a special shout-out to the quiche that is ridiculously good.The baristas are extremely personable and highly consistent. When the weather cools a little, I look forward to getting some work done outside during the daytime under their covered patio.  Love it!
5	I love this place!! UB is everything a coffeehouse should be. Friendly staff, great coffee, and from what I saw, yummy eats. This is a great place to just sit and have a drink, or come to get some work done while you sip/nosh on something delicious. The atmosphere is bright and there are beautiful, artsy mandalas currently on the walls. There's an outdoor patio and a rack to lock up your bike. I can't think of anything this place is missing, hence the five stars...Overall, if you want a great cup of coffee and a very pleasant caffeine experience, head to UB.
2	You know, Ive come to Urban Beans many times in the past and it was great. Send my hubby to grab food today and wow! What a disappointment. I had an egg sandwich which the egg was overly peppered and grey. Gross, which is too bad because the english muffin was really good. The fruit salad was also gross, the strawberries were brownish and transparent and the cantaloupe was mushy and mealy too. Also had a yogurt parfait with granola and there was 2 tablespoons max of yogurt and the rest of the cup was granola! Its supposed to be the other way around. Disappointing because I wanted to support a local business, but I cant wait for the Starbucks to open now!
2	Looking for a little chaos and confusion with your morning coffee?  Ordering an espresso-based drink to go, should be easy and straightforward. Not today. The new approach now, is to order your coffee at the cocktail bar, the person taking the order then shouts the order across the room to another person standing at the coffee counter, who then relays the order to the barista. When I questioned the very confusing new idea, it was explained that they are now going to table service...huh???I understand the owner's scramble to create a unique and individual experience in light of the opening of yet another "Big Green," a block away. I appreciate her creative approach to her business, but today was an absolute joke.It took 13 minutes to get my cappuccinos to go, and there was only 1 other order in front of me. There is rarely any consistency, and the barista's have not been adequately trained, at least with respect to a proper cappuccino. They are more concerned with the craze of pretty foam-art than the centuries old, proper cappuccino of 1/3 espresso, 1/3 milk, 1/3 foam.I wish Urban Beans all the success, but after 3 years of patronage, I'm afraid I have to say Ciao.
5	I love the variety of food and drinks they have here. Nice and cozy environment, very friendly. Also love the artwork on the wall. This is the kind of place I would like to hang out with a nice drink and a book or a sketchbook. I am also very thrilled to learn that dogs are allowed on the patio! I'm definitely coming back with my dog (and the rest of my family too!)
4	I love living in Phoenix and having my rotation of spots to hit each week, UB is one of the coffee shops I hit on my way to work. Not my favorite, but by all means in the top five. It's clean, well stocked, well lit, and certainly gets me fueled for the day. I don't mind that the prices are slightly higher than some of my other coffee stops, esp now that Starf*cks is next door, in fact I have bumped UB up on my rotation as a response to that terrible chain being so close, I want to do my part to help them out. A good, quick cup, and fantastic baked goods are always available. I dig this spot, and wish them the best! One of these evenings I need to stop by for a beer, been meaning to do so...
2	Totally disappointed. Hot latte and espresso brownie. Both were sub-par. No foam whatsoever on latte. Barely lukewarm too. Brownie had no espresso taste - or even chocolate for that matter. Place is messy and unappealing. Staff is busy talking to each other instead of customers. Sorry but if you want to play with the other true coffee houses in town ie. Press, Cartel or Echo you'll have to up your game UB.
5	This was a cute place, just down from Starbucks and a nice alternative. I got a cappuccino- the espresso flavor was strong and the foam was perfect. It has a nice seating area outdoors and plenty of parking.
5	Been here way more than a few times, I don't drink coffee so I usually get a smoothie or cream soda as a drink. Their food is also perfectly proportioned and delicious. I love the salmon melt and the turkey sandwich is also very good; they put any cheese on it as long as you ask!
4	I'm a big fan of Americano's and Urban Beans makes a great one! The barista's were very friendly, the pastries all looked delicious and one of them definitely was. They also serve beer and wine later in the day which makes me want to go back later.Nicely decorated with art, the weather this morning was beautiful so we sat out doors on the patio. One draw back today was that one of the bathrooms was out of order and the other needed a small amount of cleaning. All in all I was a great experience and I'd definitely recommend it.
5	Best coffee in Phoenix! We come here 3-5x's each week. They really know how to make a great latte. Thanks!
3	We stumbled upon Urban Beans early Sunday morning (9:00 am).  We were happy to find it is dog friendly.  Tried to order the quiche but they were out (at 9:00 am on a Sunday morning?) so ended up ordering one of each of the breakfast sandwiches (reg & deluxe). Also ordered a regular coffee and a hot chocolate.  The gal asked me 2x if I wanted whipped cream and both times I said yes but it arrived with no whip and barely warm. Husbands coffee was pumped out of a pot and only warm.  The name is Urban Beans right?.   Sandwiches arrived long after the coffee and cocoa were gone.  The English muffins were not toasted and sandwiches were just bland.  I would understand f the place was packed but it wasn't.  Overall it was messy (crumbs on tables,  outside not swept....) We try to support local biz but next time we will choose another place to spend $23.  I gave it a 3 because it is a cute place, the baked goods looked awesome. I want to believe an espresso and a muffin would have been better.
4	Excellent place to hang out and have a coffee, beer, or glass of wine.  It's a great little neighborhood hangout spot.
4	I stopped in to Urban Beans on my way to work to treat myself to a local establishment's cup of joe (versus stopping at the brand new Starbucks a block away) and I'm glad I did. I ordered up a nonfat vanilla latte, iced and the gal that made it made it perfectly! The flavor is all there and the espresso--delish!I also ordered the farm egg sandwich. While it was good, I probably wouldn't order it again. The egg is mixed with peppers and spices to give it a kick but it wasn't my cup of tea. The sandwich was supposed to come with an English muffin but I actually think I was given a bagel. When you're trying to watch your carb intake, it was just too much bread. This all said, I rate this joint 4 stars. coffee is 5 but the sandwich portion knocked it down one. I'll stop back in again for some coffee and after 10 visit, their loyalty program will give me 10% off!
4	Great people+ great coffee+ great sandwiches+ sweet local art+ live music+ comfortable patio= the coffee shop I want to be at. *and one of the women behind the counter has sweet dreads
4	Overall, great coffee, great food!! Very friendly staff. I had the egg sandwich. Fresh eggs for sure. Cheese. Nothing special. It looked really tiny on the huge plate. Wife had the turkey sandwich. Very generous portion. She loved the soy latte. I had the strawberry smoothie. Pretty tasty.
5	Great coffee shop with great homemade baked goods and excellent espresso drinks and tea. I am here and have been here for 10 hours working, ate breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and had great internet access and service the whole time. Why you would go to Starbux when you have this across the street boggles my mind. If you hang out here for a while you will literally hear "I'm going to go make an apple pie" and similar such statements from the baristas. Plus, they were slow bringing me my lunch (I didn't care and was clearly here to stay) because they were roasting the tomatoes, so they brought me a free drink. Plenty of good seating, great wifi, a good outdoor patio, easy parking, clean bathroom, good art, and hip and good looking clientele of all ages. A little cold in temperature for me but probably good if you're coming in from the blazing sun. Just totally solid all around.
5	Great place not only for their coffee, but for the atmosphere.  It is easy to meet people here and talk for awhile.  One of the sweetest little places in Phoenix!
3	Nice place, like the coffee.  Lots of snacks and baked goods too.  Could double their business by getting comfortable chairs.
3	I want to start by saying, I have always loved this place. They have one of the best iced coffees in Phoenix and I love their farm egg sandwich. However, I was there today for a mid day meeting and figured I would try their lunch. I ordered the pear, arugula melt flatbread. The description sounded yummy, but it didn't live up to the menu at all. First of all, it was so drenched in the balsamic glaze that I couldn't really taste anything else. I didn't taste or see any pears at all (but my be due to the massive amount of balsamic glaze) and there was hardly any arugula on the flatbread- seemed more like a garnish than part of the dish.The service was really lacking today. I think they were training 2 new people and the they seemed really confused and didn't even know what I was ordering- like they had not even looked at the menu at all. I will definitely go back but will stick to my iced coffee and farm egg sandwich in the future.
3	Good coffee, nice patio and friendly service. What more can you ask for. Nice to find local flavor. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
5	Had a total shit day and needed to get out of the house. Even if everything had been average or terrible, the brunette girl that works the front is very nice and she was enthusiastic about everything. To the owner: she is awesome, make sure she sticks around. I had been to urban beans a few times, but mostly for their eclectic wine selection (they have a bunch of good Washington state wines which are a little tough to find). Today was the first time I ate here. Iced tea and turkey and Brie sand which.... Well seasoned and came with an uber yummy side salad. I took the two top piece if bread off but that is just a personal preference. I would like to add that this is the best time of year to use their outdoor seating (feb thru may). It is gorgeous out and even better when coupled with their excellent device and good food.
5	Really cool place. Great music. Free wifi. Tasty coffee. Vegan soup and beers on tap. Great service. Local company. Apparently Yelp feels this review is shorter than most so I will add more words to appease the Yelp gods into thinking this is enough content. Now they are happy
2	I just went here for morning coffee for the first time. I ordered a hazelnut latte. The service was very nice and all was well, until I took my first sip later in the car. Ewwww. The coffee is completely burnt. This made my usually slightly sweet latte into a nasty bitter mess of disappointment. $4 later I have to throw this away and buy a new one somewhere else. It's completely undrinkable.
1	I will never go there again! I have been a big fan of this place since it first opened and was one of the many who rallied to support them when the Starbucks opened a block away.  I was having at least one meeting a week there.However, it appears that they can't decide what they want the establishment to be - coffee and food or wine bar.The last straw (no pun intended) was yesterday.  I arrived to find that they had once again rearranged the furniture and the way they operate.  Orders were taken in a separate place, written down on PAPER, and they apparently never delivered to line where the beverages were made.  I had to go back and ask where my cup of regular coffee was - and it hadn't been drawn.  There is an obstacle course to get to the coffee pickup spot..  THEN, they have no artificial sweetener - I need it for weight control but what about the diabetics?The staff was NOT helpful - no apology in spite of the fact that I believe the owner (a blonde, curly-haired woman) was looking on.I should also point out that in spite of my frustration here, I am always courteous and a user of "please" and "thank you."
3	I've been here 2x wasn't impressed the first time figured give them a second try. There latte doesn't impress me I'd rather goto the Starbucks adjacent to this spot
4	Neat little place, quiet enough for a business meeting. Nice patio as well.
4	I was never a big fan of Hazelnut, but my friend told its good, try it.. so what did I do? I got the hazelnut latte. Ahhhhh mayyyy singggggg. :)) not only that, the chai latte is superb, and the caramel latte. Basically I Can go on and on. Hehe Great atmosphere,  wonderful friendly staff and suoer clean. I came here one time to get away and read. Haha yes. It was perfect.
4	Finally stopped in for coffee.  Been driving past it for ages. Atmosphere is not fancy but clean bought a regular cup of coffee. Best way to test a brand is regular coffee nothing exotic. Coffee was great. I like coffee strong but not so strong it is bitter. Coffee was strong but not so strong it drove itself home. A hidden gem. Worth the trip into town.
4	Great patio good atmosphere! The staff is pretty friendly. I would love to come here for happy hour [wine bar 12-7]. the chai tea is good. The only negatives: the pastries are a bit bland and the service is a tad on the slow side.
5	My husband and I have been at a loss since we moved back to Phoenix after living in Seattle when it came to finding a coffee shop. Of course, we usually make our own at home, but we were downtown and went to the closest coffee shop.Yelp didn't steer us wrong. All we ordered was coffee, iced coffee and an iced latte, and YUM! The favorite has been chosen.
2	This place needs to make up its mind! Sometimes they're coffee shop sometimes they're a restaurant and sometimes they are a wine bar. I think they've tried music venue/art gallery as well. They do none of these things with excellence. The coffee is fine, often bitter or weak. The staff can't be blamed, since they are not trained as baristas. Dont order dinner, i've tried several things and nothing is great but it's all more than $10. Honestly I come still from time to time because the place is so conveniently located and every time I go I regret it (I never seem to learn, I go three times a year and its been like 5 years). If you want to be a coffee shop be a really good coffee shop, if you want to be a bar be a really good bar, if you want to be a restaurant be a really good restaurant! Pick one, and focus and do it well!!
5	The omelet bar rocks!
5	This is my favorite place to get coffee in the Valley. The flavor is bold and every single food item I've tried is delicious. The location is central so it is convenient to meet up with friends that live all over Phoenix. I highly recommend Urban Beans!
4	I've been coming here for a while since I used to work down the street from Urban Beans. I fell in love with their iced chai tea latte. It's not watered down or flavorless like some of the other coffee shops. It's flavorful and yummy in my tummy with just the right amount of spices and herbs, the way chai tea is supposed to taste like. They also have a great patio to just sit back, relax, and read a book.
5	This has got to be one of my favorite coffee shops close by work and on my way from early morning classes. You've gotta try their Vanilla Java Smash or their Green Tea Smash. Absolutely delicious, creamy, and not too sweet. Their setting is amazing and it's a quiet place to chit chat or enjoy yourself. The baked goodies look amazing and most are vegan. They've got a great variety for everyone. Try it!
2	Coffee is great but they don't have Splenda.  I asked the person behind the counter and they said we have stevia. I explained that stevia least a nasty aftertaste and they said we only carry all natural products. I would say that the pastries that are in your display case beg to differ.
4	Best scones in town.Very relaxed atmosphere.Coffee is nothing that special, but the vanilla java smash is something special.Dog friendly cafe!
2	So disappointed! I used to always come here specifically for the caprices sandwich. Today I was served a hot mess. Literally a Caprices sandwich served hot. There's nothing more unappealing than warm shrivel up tomatoes. I also asked for extra basil, as I always do, which usually results in whole leaves of basil on my sandwich. Today it didn't appear to have any extra just thinly sliced slivers of basil laying next to the wilted hot tomatoes. Thank God their tabouli  is still to die for. I got my order to go and I should have none something was amiss when condensation was obvious inside the To Go box. And while the the thin strips of dressing on the outside of the bread may look good, they certainly make for oily hands.
4	Cute little coffee shop/wine bar in Central Phoenix!  Friendly staff and tasty treats.  I enjoyed my raspberry Italian soda yesterday...perfectly mixed with just the right amount of syrup, soda and cream.
5	Great atmosphere excellent coffee great staff great deserts looking forward to come back again !
3	It is a pretty good little local coffee shop.  They have some nice vegan and gluten free pastries and food.  Wish there were more items to choose from in the case. The staff is always really nice and seem to take pride is what they do.  Does have some whack hours - not open late which is too bad.  Also the Starbucks close by is a bummer
5	Lovely. I come before work with time on my hands. The coffees always great and the brownies are really good (slightly lighter/airier than I usually like but these . . . I like). Mostly though it's the vibe I appreciate. Urban it is and friendlier, it couldn't be while somehow managing to remain unobtrusive . . . Especially Vanessa who is pretty much there every time I go.
5	This is my second time here.  It is a low key coffee house in the day and a wine bar in the night.  They have original artwork hanging up and funky chairs that look like you might impale yourself on (see picture) if you were inclined to throw yourself upon one of them -- you know, if you are having one of those depressing, "i can't take it anymore" days.  Anyhow, today I am trying the french toast (see picture).  They serve you home-made bread, 2 large slices and it is not overly sweet.  They also belong to the Belly Bites reward program -- nice touch.  The atmosphere is good to work in while enjoying a nice cup of coffee, latte, etc.  Good music too -- now playing "Sweet Jane" by Lou Reed -  RIP.  Oh, most importantly I forgot to mention the blazing fast internet they have here!
4	Me and my gf moved close to this local coffee place and we tried for 1st time. Coffee is good but it takes time to make it. Eggs were not freshly made but the potato was very good. I like the location and the staff is friendly. Worth to try it.
5	Took my Audi here because the front brakes squeak and its a 2013!!Been to two Audi dealerships a couple of times for this, and they clean the pads or whatever and tell me to be aggressive braking (not even sure what that means?).  In other words, they don't fix the issue.So, went here and they treated the front brakes and $115 later (so far) the brakes don't squeak anymore.I'll def be back.  Friendly, efficient, and laid back.
5	First time there. I bought a bag of toffee pecan at the register I started to nibble on it when I got home I actually ate the whole bag its very very evil in a good way YUM yummmm
5	The caprese sandwich is fantastic. Highly recommend it. Also the side salad that came with was even great. Great atmosphere and staff polite. Cook made the sandwich right in front of you so you know what's in it. I am definitely going back!
