5	My first trip to the Orange Table was less than memorable. The (greasy) breakfast just didn't sit well with me. But given the success of my second visit, I think maybe I had caught them on a bad day.The Orange Table is locally owned, and it is somewhat hard to find. Once you make your way inside, the atmosphere is cozy and the service attentive. But it's the food that stands out here. Truly some amazing sandwiches. I ordered a chicken salad sandwhich. Sounds boring, but it was absolutely delicious. Makes me want another one right now. My friend opted for the Cortez, a tuna steak sandwich with avacado and other goodies that she couldn't stop raving about.
2	Probably not a good day for me to write a review  (day after my Buckeyes were spanked by Florida for the BCS Championship, so I wasn't in the best of spirits.)  That said, I'm still one of the more tolerant restauranteurs around, so it pains me to write this review:I'm dissapointed in this restaurant, I really wanted to like it.11:50am  My friend and I arrive (good start, nice, artsy, laid back ambience, just to my liking)11:55am Seated and served our coffee and soda12:00       I ordered The Cortez, my friend, one of the burgers12:35pm Concerned about my flight back to San Jose departing just after 2pm, we inquire about the status of our order...something about normally taking 20 minutes, a big catering order, running a little behind.12:45pm The table next to us (arriving 10 minutes after us) receives their order as the waitress promises us our orders are finishing up.12:52pm Our meal arrives (along w/ our check due to waitress' keen inference that we were now in quite a rush)1:05pm Paid and out the door1:25pm Arrive at Aiport (thank heavens for web check-in, short security lines, and a 10 minute delay)Its too bad...the food was quite good and probably would have been even better if we wouldn't have needed to wolf it down.  We were this close to needing to walk out the door.So maybe we shouldn't have gone to this place if I knew I needed to catch a flight.  Still, this was slower service than any cafe to which I've been in Europe, which is much more overt about eschewing expedience.
4	Delicious breakfast food and great space really make this place.  The long wait this time was disappointing (spring training and St. Patty's day the day before probably exacerbated the wait), but the wait for the food is still worth it.   A long wait for the food once we were seated, but chatting with good peeps I didn't even really notice.  That's the only minus to this place, really.The food is very good.  I brought two newcomers here today who were impressed with the food.  They had veggie omelets and buttermilk pancakes.  Aren't they good Bonnie?  I ordered the egg bagel sandwich with applewood smoked ham (actually it was on sourdough because they ran out of bagel.  Lame but forgiven because they were very busy and it was still freaking good).  The ham is premium stuff and about 1/4" thick.  Other times I have had the garlic mushroom omelet with (and they accomodated my request for brie and ham) in a sherry mushroom cream sauce - it was absolutely heavenly.The eclectic furniture, bold colors of the interior and artwork for sale are noteworthy - but artwork for sale in the crapper?  Kinda gross...
4	As I don't live at all in the area, I've only been here for lunch.  A few times with a friend who is quite the regular there, and a few times with a friend of mine who puts out that vibe that practically ensures she will get exceptional service every time.  I have to mention that because I'll I've seen is good service.  Once they were a little slow to bring the check, but we didn't look like we were in a hurry, hadn't asked for it, and it's not like you really want a place to rush you out the door, so I don't think of that as so bad.  Not that the service was over the moon or anything, but it was never really bad.The food has always been excellent.  Sandwiches and salads have both been creative and very fresh tasting.  I've had several things that were really good, and I particularly remember liking their chicken salad.  Simple and messy, but good.From both what my friend tells me and prior reviews, I'd love to try the place for breakfast, but something tells me I won't be up for a 45 minute drive in the morning to only wait in line with all the other folks for a table.  That's my one mini-negative.  This place fills up fast.  So if you get there at a peak time, expect to wait awhile.  I know it's hard to knock a place for being popular, but with no real waiting space you can feel pretty awkward just leaning against a wall waiting.  I suggest checking out the wig store nearby...  It's good to kill a few minutes at least.
4	Oh Orange Table, what can I say about you? I am, to say the least, a regular here. Completely by default, of course, given that I work directly over this great little coffee shop. The food here: amazing. The coffee: the best. The atmosphere: perfect. So why only four stars? Because the service can be absolutely abysmal at times. Given, there are a few star performers here who give it their all, bust their ass, and never forget a customer's name. And Sue, the owner, really seems to genuinely care about each and every person that walks in the door. But the service is so unwaveringly slow that I am often prevented from eating here due to time constraints. Example: I once ordered a cup of soup to go-- soup, mind you, that is completely ready and cooked, just sitting in a big tureen in the back-- and it took 35 minutes. So, yes, the food is amazingly fresh, inventive, delectable. The prosciutto is shipped in from Italy. The bread is natural and baked locally. The chef's in the kitchen are mad geniuses, whipping up sandwiches, salads, appetizers, all completely fresh and filling. But you absolutely must have the time to wait for it. I've never had anything I didn't like!
5	Monkey pancakes- not since cup cake came together has there been a more flavorful union! OJ is fresh, the baristas actually know what they're doing and the serving sizes are HUGE.You might be put out that the tables aren't as orange as the name suggests, but it's easy to get over it. Get there early to avoid a wait, it you hit this place at brunch time on a weekend, you'll wait a bit.
4	Like Prissy, I *heart* Orange Table's Monkey Cakes and agree that the portions are extremely generous.  The service is extremely unpredictable: I've been in and out within 45 minutes for a weekend breakfast but have also waited for an hour for my food.  The puzzling thing is that the wait doesn't always seem to correlate with the number of patrons in the restaurant.All in all, I like OT for when I want to hit Fashion Square after breakfast and am too lazy to schlep downtown to Matt's Big Breakfast.  A bonus: if the wait is driving you crazy, you can always cruise next door to browse the displays at the creepy wig shop.
4	Swore to my brother to stop telling people about this place.  The waitstaff is knowledgeable and hip.  Great food.  The hash plate is a favorite.  Arriving early is key.
3	I really love the food here.  But that is all I can say because the service is not so great.  I have been here quite a few times because I actually crave the food.  I especially love their Mexican chocolate late... sooo yummy!  I have been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and every time the food is excellent and the service is not.  You kind of need the whole package to give 5 stars.
5	You want a great meal, anytime of the day, come here; just don't come here for the service.  The servers are nice, but service is slow, real slow.Anyways, this eclectic neighborhood diner is tucked away in what is known as the Scottsdale Mall (not Scottsdale Fashion Square), right next to SMOCA and the Scottsdale Performing Arts Center.BreakfastI'm a big fan of breakfast and this is one of my favs in Phoenix.If you are in the mood for something warm, hearty, and filling, or if you are a fan of corned beef/corned beef hash as I am, you have to get the white flannel.  The corned beef is not that oily or fatty like most others.  This one just seems to be very hearty and filling.  The combination of the corned beef with the white onions, mushrooms, garlic and sour cream hits the spot.If you are in the mood for something sweet, I would go with their monkey cakes (banana pancakes).  The banana slices in the pancake are nice warm and gooey, just totally hits the spot.  The batter of the pancake is pretty good, moist more on the heavy than the fluffy side, wish the edges were crispy, but I'm not complaining.  Trust me.The jalapeo pancakes with walnuts is another great dish, a strange pairing but it works!!!  The maple syrup is jalapeo infused which gives you a hint of the jalapeo flavor without the heat.  I love the fact that it's regionally influenced and, I also love the sweet and the heat of the dish.Omelets also hold their weight.The Monaco Omelet with roasted red peppers, garlic, and basil is a good choice.  The Salmon Omelet with smoked salmon, tomatoes, capers, cream cheese and chives is also good, very rich and creamy.Now let's talk lunch!!!Okay, first and foremost, the Arrogant Bastard Burger is one of my top 5 burgers off all time!!! Delux has absolutely nothing on this place or burger.  It's probably the best burger in AZ.  No joke.  The  lb burger is made with Arrogant Bastard Beer; hence the name of the burger but the burger is juicy and the combination of provolone, crispy bacon, red onion, tomatoes, mayo and their homemade BBQ sauce totally works on a toasted/grilled bun, although the red onions are abnormally spicy.  PLEASE, do not take anything off.  Trust me.  If anything, ask for extra BBQ sauce and mayo.  Trust me.  FYI, their burgers do not come with fries.  But trust me when I say this, the burger is so delicious and filling that you won't notice it.The Reuben is somewhere between solid and outstanding.  It is also probably on my top 8 Reubens of all time.  The sauerkraut is absolutely delicious on its own.  It has a warm soury taste that I love (think artichoke hearts); actually, I wouldn't be surprised if that is what is in their sauerkraut that makes it soooo yummy!!! The Russian dressing that they lather on is tasty as well.  The corned beef is piled on as well.  Simply delicious.The Loki (pronounced low key) is also ridiculously good!!!  The combination of provolone cheese, the sweet and slightly tangy picked red onions, spicy jalapenos, the meaty and the heartiness of the corned beef, and the depth of the horseradish and dill mayo on that grilled/toasted rye bread works to perfection.The Prosciutto Mozzarella Melt with provolone, tomato, basil, balsamic vinaigrette on sourdough is also a solid pick.  Boy do they pile on the prosciutto.  One thing that throws me off about the sandwich is that they actually don't put mozzarella in it, but you won't miss it once you take a bite.The decor is not the greatest, but it fits the restaurant's eclectic/bohemianesc personality.  Red and orange walls subtlety clash, but in a unique way it works.  Neon beer signs lines one of the red walls, a slowly rotating art exhibit for local artists fill one of the other orange walls, which adds a nice touch.This place is not your typical Scottsdale place.  No glitz, glamour or pretentiousness about this place.  It's just a neighborhood diner/restaurant, where you will see your regulars, the wait staff hanging on their days off and oh yea, just plain good unpretentious food, just like the decor and patron.  Well the patrons are unpretentious...most of the time.FYI, the sandwiches are huge.4 1/2 Stars
4	I have to agree with most of the other reviews for 'The Orange Table' in that the food is great, the atmosphere is awesome, and the service is a bit slow...Slow service is the only reason for minus one star... Other than that, what a cute little hidden gem!  When my friend Marci H suggested we meet for lunch at The Orange Table last week, I was psyched to try it!  If it weren't for my friend, I'm not sure I would've ever found this spot... but I'm so glad I did!  It has a lot of character with the orange tables, local artwork, colorful atmosphere, indoor and outdoor seating, etc...  Another place where I can feel comfortable going solo and it's dog friendly too!I was feeling like something light and I went with the green salad with a scoop of their Artisan Tuna Salad on top - it was served with the balsamic dressing on the side along with delicious hearty multi-grain wheat bread and a mini Hershey's chocolate.  How cute is that?  Marci went with the fresh mozzarella salad.  That looked tasty as well.  She ordered a side of their olive bread.  I looked around at other diners and everything I saw looked fresh, colorful, and appealing.  The menu is huge so there is something for everyone!  I will be back soon for sure to try The Orange Table's breakfast and some of their other lunch options as well... I'll just make sure I'm not in a rush when I go back.  I recommend you do the same - go check it out when you're not in a hurry and you can sit down and enjoy the charming ambiance and the fresh, colorful, delicious food!
4	So my friend Kristen got me a gift certificate for Orange Table. Actually, she didn't get me one, she got me twenty. The gift certificates only come in $5 each, so she wanted to be nice, and got me a lot.This is great, that means I can return plenty of times, since Orange Table has plenty of tasty things to try. I've only been once, with said friend Kristen, and it was outstanding.Another great thing I have found in Scottsdale.Great sandwiches, great crepes and a cool atmosphere.Can't wait to start using my certs...Thanks Kristen and thanks Orange Table...
4	The food here is wonderful. I always have a difficult time deciding on the jalapeno pecan pancakes or the green flannel hash, but the outcome is always very good. Now slow service doesn't really bother me. I think quality food takes time and I appreciate that process. However, I think the problem isn't that service is slow more so, it's inattentive. I tend to get the same waiter most of the time there and he delivered once out of 7 or 8 times. The issue with this guy is that he spends his time flirting with the female customers and it's embarrassing when you're coffee cup and water glass are empty and you've been waiting for your bill for a half hour while two girls who don't seem interested endure his anecdotes. When that guy gets a girlfriend I may give this place 5 stars.
4	Tragically hip. Tragically mediocore service (they serve good coffee, the staff should really drink more...let's pick up the pace here people!). Tragically, not in my comfort  zone anymore. What's not so tragic is the freakin' white flannel hash. The bomb. Perfect everytime. I purposely leave some in the corners of my mouth so I can continue to snack on it as I walk to my car.
3	Call me crazy but I thought the Orange Table was ok. I went there with friends to have "the best burger ever", which I thought was good, but not "the best burger ever." The thing that killed me was that they don't have French fries. How can you serve burgers and not have fries!? It just ain't right. And it isn't cheap, either.The decor and restaurant is decorated well, modern and cool. The staff is friendly, hip 20-somethings. The menu is limited, traditional items with a twist. They have independent and Mom and Pop company's sodas.Maybe I should give it another chance since it was my one and only experience there. But, it just wasn't enough to make me want to go back. Good, but not great.
4	4.5 Stars!I am pretty sure that there are plenty of people who get frustrated by The Orange Table. Service is slow and it seems to be a bit disorganized. The wait can be long - not just for a table, but also for your food.If its Saturday or Sunday breakfast, lunch or brunch-type meal, sit back, relax and take in the Scottsdale Center of the Arts and maybe even have a mojito, bloody mary, mimosa, or even choose a glass from their great WBTG (wines by the glass) program. If you're trying to have a work-day-hour-lunch, you'll be late back to the office. This is not a quick in, quick out option. If you're looking to fill your work day appetite, call in for take out.I've had many versions of their omelets, pancakes, their seasonal cheese and fruit bagel option, lox and bagel, and today I had the Caprese. It was pretty good. Standard with the 4.5 rating. The mozzarella was good, not great. The tomatoes were a little under-ripe. But the sea salt, basil and olive oil are of obvious quality and even a tomato can have a bad day. Like you might notice from my other reviews, I learn how to 'use' a place in so that I can get the greatest value for the money I am about to spend. I know its going to be packed on the weekend, so I go with my personal reading materials in tow, get a caffeinated beverage while I wait (they'll add it to your tab), and watch the people get frustrated. Because I am usually alone, I usually ask to sit at the counter and it works out really well for me. I strongly suggest a cappuccino or espresso either before or during your meal; oh, and let's not forget the fresh squeezed oj that I am pretty sure makes the world go around!Folks, they have 11 tables inside, and probably seven or eight outside. The food is worth the wait, and the service staff, albeit a bit harried, is so friendly, especially if you're friendly to serve.
4	Top quality ingredients! I highly recommend that you try this for breakfast or lunch. It's a really cute little place (and a little hard to find). Free Wifi makes it a great place to get things done too.
5	The quality of restaurants -  of all retail vendors actually, but restaurants in particular - is  strongly influenced by the the amount of business they do with people "just passing through."  This is nowhere more apparent than in tourist hot spots, where crappy businesses can flourish on nothing but location and a working kitchen.  A prime location for a good restaurant is kind of like bottle-blonde hair and a boob job on an already attractive woman:  providing plenty of additional attention (frequently from uninformed hacks and wankers) while stifling future growth and quality.  Why bother if they're gonna come anyway? There are tons of them in places like Scottsdale where people sweep in to enjoy the weather in winter then leave. There are tons of them everywhere. Yelp should actually institute some kind of transience coefficient to help identify such places so we can avoid them.  Oh wait, they have.  You just go to an unfamiliar city and look for a place with lots of reviews by people who seem to respect food.  Then you physically locate the place (which can be tough since the only reason it's flourishing is due to local love, so it'll likely be some spot practically designed to hide from view).   Of course this process of exploration will probably get you out of your car and introduce many collateral discoveries - a useful benefit.  And when you've finally found it where you'll be is at The Orange Table.
5	All I gotta say is "Monkey Cakes."  Holy Mother of God, they were a delight to the senses.I've had the omelettes there too -- absolutely wonderful.The service is less than stellar.  Sort of the "tragic hipster/totally unaffected" vibe.  If you can get past that, good, because your tummy will be happy!
4	Yes, the service is slow, but the food is fantastic.  I say this while eating leftovers for breakfast... so. yummy.Great cheese selection, awesome, jam packed menu, cool drink list.I had the cheese, garlic and tomato lavosh pizza (I can't remember the name) - YUM.  yum.  I put some avocado on it for breakfast this morning, and it was killer.Go here.  Have a snack first.  Brush off the waitstaff, because they seemed to get friendlier and friendlier as the night went on.  yum.
5	I really enjoyed the lunch I had at The Orange Table, and the service was actually quite attentive.  The menu has a large variety of sandwiches, burgers and salads. There are additional items available for dinner but I can imagine it is tough to get a table.We went late in the noon lunch hour and did not have to wait long.  We were assured a couple of times that we would be seated soon but I wasn't too worried as we used the time to read over the very descriptive menu.I would give it four stars for the great food and friendly service.  The fifth star comes from their great selection of beers.  Beer is just as good to pair with a meal as  wine and The Orange Table obviously recognizes that.  I will definitely be going back.
5	Key Yelp: Inventive, fun and outstanding breakfasts in a tragically cool hip setting.  A MUST if you are in Scottsdale.Review: Ate here two days in a row during my recent visit to see friends in Phoenix.  Yes, two days in a row.  Why?  Three words:  Jalapeno Pecan Pancakes.  I swear, this was one of those culinary eureka moments.  That feeling of being in love with a new concoction at first bite.  You immediately recognize that you will be cursed to crave going forward.  The pleasure is balanced by the curse:  you live 1500 miles away and multiple feeble attempts to recreate this dish at home will fail miserably.  Google'd the recipe: nada. The dish, whose order was prompted by my server on morning one, was a pancake Epiphany.  I don't even like pancakes, but I love hot and sweet and this thing rocked it.  Perfect pancakes, with a hot fluffy core and soft, hot but sweet rendered fresh jalapenos inside and on top, sharing real estate with fresh, nutty pecans and hot syrup in its own nifty little container.  Served with "breakfast meat" or fruit, I chose bacon which was thick, crisp and non-generic.  AWESOME.Fresh juices abound.  Coffee was robust.  I ate a fresh yogurt fruit granola dish with honey that was killer.  Returned day 2 with my friend to reveal my find.  Verdict?  We have a winner.  Crucial tip, which is why I am giving this place 5 stars:  they will make ONE PANCAKE if you want, instead of a whole order.  They have many pancake specialties beyond the jalapeno one.  How user friendly is that when you just want a side pan cake with eggs or something else?   Sandwiches and everything else looked phenomenal: I have never had corn beef hash and I regret not trying their version(s). I left knowing that whoever owns this place really cares about what they are doing - and that is a great feeling.
5	Love the Orange Table -- a true indie business smack in the middle of Scottsdale Mall. Beer tastings, sake tastings, inventive sandwiches and breakfasts. Sue is an awesome restaurateur who deserves some serious props for maintaing a business with personality and soul.
4	Their strawberry pancakes are effing amazing! Well, at least the syrup is--they make it with your order. No Joke. The pancakes themselves are pretty good. Orange Table is one of (if not #1) our favorite places for breakfast in Scottsdale. Best of all--if you have a pooch you can bring him/her and sit on the patio.
5	I love, love, love it. I am addicted! It is the type of place you could take anyone. I have taken my friends, family, co-workers. And Everyone loves it! There Chai Espresso is yummy! Dinner is Delicious. Also, some yummy vegetarian options, good choice of drinks! Sounds wonderful to me. Actually I think I'll go for dinner tonight.And, I like how they are a little on the slower side. Doesnt make me wonder about the freshness of the food. And i think it makes it a much more enjoyable experience!
5	I always wanted to try this place and today I finally did.  This is the best breakfast that I ever had in Phoenix!I was extremely impressed of the service...when my breakfast companion and I walked through the door until we left, the servers made us feel welcome.  When the girl at the front told us that it would be a 15 minute wait (which was only 5) she actually asked if we wanted something to drink.  Everybody else also as attentive and very sweet.I ended up with the Veggie Scramble with green chiles. It was delicious (I didn't even need ketchup!) and I even loved my sour dough toast. (And I never eat toast)  My companion had the White Flannel Corned Beef Hash.  She let me try it....this was the best thing that I ever tasted in my life!!!  I definitely know what I would be ordering next time.  We also split a banana pancake that was out of this world. I was in heaven.  Next time the hash and a chocolate chip pancake.
4	This place is definitely 5-star quality food, but simply slow service. Expect to wait a while before you sit, and then wait a long time before your food comes. Breakfast on the weekend will be about a 2 hour ordeal.  Having said that - the food is fantastic, all sauces are homemade daily. Everything is fresh, large portions. Their bloody marys and mimosas are excellent. I'm partial to choosing "Green Flannel" for breakfast, and without a doubt you must get "The Rustler" for the single best lunch sandwich in the history of lunch sandwiches.I have brought every out of town visitor there for several years and they always say "that's the best sandwich I've ever had". So - go give it a try. If you don't want the Rustler, try the Bitchin' Chicken. I've never been there in the evening, but I intend on going for microbrews and live music sometime soon.
4	I work next door to the Orange Table and frequent it for coffee quite regularly, sometimes for lunch. The coffee whether you get an espresso drink or just a cup of coffee is always great. The food is always good, just make sure you have enough time to get it. Sue the owner is quite unapolegtic about the service, she insists that because everything is made fresh it takes time, I think they could still be more efficient and speed some things up. If you go for breakfast, get the any of the corn beef hash items they make, mmmm tasty.
4	Ok, there's already dozens of reviews for this place so I'll try to keep this shorter than normal.  Stopped in here the other day at 7am sharp on Friday morning as they were opening up.   Pulled up a chair at the bar and got started with a gin and grapefruit juice, my breakfast drink of choice.  Great drink, the grapefruit juice tasted like it might be fresh squeezed, not sure, but it was quality.I ordered the regular pancakes with their specially made jalapeno sausage links on the side.  Both were delicious, and more food that I could pack down.  The pancakes almost had a french toast like quality to them, they must be liberal with the amount of eggs in the mix.  Very good, but very hot.  They seemed to have this amazing ability to retain heat like a Phoenix parking lot.  Let them cool a bit so you don't roast the roof of your mouth.    Don't know if the syrup was real maple syrup, or the evil HFCS (High Fructose Corn Syrup).  I'll have to ask next time.Pricing is on the higher side, at least for my miserly self, but I felt like I got what I paid for.  Service was great too, however I should qualify that with the fact that I was one of three people in the restaurant.  I'll be taking out of towners here on the next stop.
4	i knew we'd have a good time at the Orange Table after reading all the positive reviews on yelp.we visited on the first morning of our weekend trip to scottsdale.  we ordered...a mamosa - typical but always a great brunch drink.a glass or oj - extremely fresh1 plate of pancakes - can't go wrong with freshly made pancakes! the monaco - very smelly provolone so it was delicious.the white flannel - breakfast winner!!!  i've had many salty corned beef hash but theirs was seasoned perfectly!  the hatch - we were pleasantly surprised to find the chicken very moist.  the bohemian deluxe(?) - with a little sprinkle of tabasco, this dish was superb.the servers were kind and we loved the laid back decor.  we thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast and it definitely started the weekend on a positive note.
4	I actually had a really good breakfast here.  I had the monkey cakes, which were really really good.  The atmosphere was funky diner meets casual coffee shop. A little on the pricey side....I think anything over $12 total per person for breakfast is too high.  (that's me though).   Overall a good selection of breakfast menu items.  I would recommend it!!!  The only complaint is that they need to turn up the A/C in the summer.....WAAAAY to warm to eat.
3	I liked it. It's a casual place to go in the middle of a weekday, which is when I went with a friend for lunch. There was only one server working then and she was handling at least 6 tables at once, so she was scrambling a bit. But the food was nice. I got a half chicken salad sandwich and a small salad. I liked that they added a tiny candy bar to the plate! The chicken salad had a bit of a bite in the sauce, but not too much. My friend had a tomato fennel soup and a half BLT, so I can't say that either of us was too adventurous in our choices. But we had a nice time, the coffee was ok, and it seemed to me that there were several people there on laptops, just kinda hanging out and working. It was a tad difficult to find its location in the Scottsdale Mall, but if you park in the ramp and just follow the address signs for 7373, it's not hard. It's right next to the Indian restaurant. Will likely go back to sit with my laptop, drink some coffee, and do some work. Since they don't seem to have a lot of wait staff in the afternoon, I'm thinking they won't mind too much if I linger a little longer after I eat my lunch.
2	I've dined here three times, and each time was met with extremely slow service, which is disappointing as I've enjoyed the omelette, sandwich, and burger that I've tried here.  I like the atmosphere... somewhat eclectic with the paint colors, the paintings and decor, but seeing kitchen inventory destroys the experience for me.Sorry, Orange Table, but I won't be coming back due to the terrible service.
4	I went there for breakfast and despite sitting on a park bench 100 feet away waiting for my friends I couldn't find the damn place. My fault, not the establishment's. I was greeted by someone at the door who immediately made the accusation, "Can I HELP you?" So I walked out and waited for my friends outside. The air conditioning wasn't working inside so it was a wash. They arrived and we were immediately seated. I was told to order the coffee soda, which I obeyed due to my brilliance. Brilliance because that shit is gooooooood. I didn't like it as much when I put the cream in it though. I appreciated that the server admitted to being hung over immediately upon her first visit to our table sort of warning us not to expect too much but she ended up being fine. But the same guy that accused me of needing help when I walked in also asked for our drink order in a very accusatory style. Something like you'd get at Fate. After I had been eyeing it, my veteran Orange Table companion recommended I try the jalapeno pecan pancakes and I cemented my status as the world's premier recommendation-taker because after eating about half the plate and being too full to finish, I thought about that strange, beautiful combination of flavors the rest of the day. It's a little spicy so if you hate spice don't order it. Otherwise, it's fantastic. My friend told me not to yelp this place after only one visit. She said it's such a cornucopia of experiences that this place bound to serve up in the future that I should yelp on the average rather than this one experience. But it was a good one, and I'll be back. Having owned an unsuccessful small business and having a roommate who owns a medium sized business, I can appreciate everything that it takes to make something work. Normally I'd complain about the air not working or the fucking weird dude working there who speaks in accusations but I could tell in the taste of food that this is someone's baby, which needs to be nurtured by the community and not nitpicked.
2	Ok, I get it.  You're the hipster spot with the orange bike in the front.I get it.  Your wait staff is cooler than me, and has had the trendy style tattoos since before they trendy.But really, the wait staff sucks.  Slow, and unprofessional, and in no way hospitable.  The food is not bad, the prices can be a bit lower.  but i'd fire everyone if i was the owner, and install self-service lanes like in Fresh & Easy.I'd rather have a robot  greet me than a angsty 20something with an attitude.
2	While I can't say I will never go back, because the food WAS good; I CAN say: I will go someplace else if there's a wait because while it was at least 30 minutes before we got seated it was 45 before our food arrived. Truly: I think it had to do with the fact that 3 very large (for the small venue and kitchen) tables were seated immediately before us, but that does not excuse that fact that 45 minutes on top of a 30 minute wait is an unreasonable amout of time to go without so much as a "The kitchen's a little backed up right now. Thank you for your patience." Which, in itself would have been an understatement. Top that with the employees showing up with the original wait list to correct my statement that we had been there for "2 hours," when I asked how much longer our food would be. It had only been an hour and a half. My bad.Those jalapeno pecan pancakes are frickin' awesome though...
3	A buddy of mine takes me to this place for dinner, usually, and once for breakfast. It's an interesting place. As others have noted, be prepared to wait a while for service and don't be afraid to go get your waiter if you're feeling abandoned. Also, there may be a wait for a table, and the environment is loud, so be prepared to shout a bit if it's busy. They have beer-tasting on certain nights. I did not partake, but my Dad (who was visiting AZ) did. The food varies in quality (or perhaps just varies in quality of recipe?). My Orange Table friend and I shared a 'special' pork chop dish, and that was pretty blah. However, I highly recommend their grilled cheese sandwich on some sort of yummy bread (the lower end cheese sandwich ~ I have yet to try the fancy one). As for breakfast, I don't recall it being particularly spectacular, but I think it was better than your average diner breakfast. I may have to go back to try again... The flavored iced coffee seems very evil and full of calories, but it is really quite good. That did stand out!Orange Table is recommended if you want a place to chill and chat with your friends. Just try to find out what others are eating so that you pick something good from the menu. : )
4	What if they had blue tables? This was a great little spot for a nice beer and burger or just enjoy a cup of espresso. They have many BOP award through out they establishment  like Best Burger. So this intrigued me to try it. The burger was great. It was large and cooked just how I wanted it. The only thing was there was no side. I don't why you would not get a choice of side with the burger!? I feel like they cheated me because my girlfriend said she got one when she went there last time. I'll leave that mystery for scooby and the gang. The beer selection is wonderful. They have many micro breweries, along with a ton of imports. Everything from Dogfish Head to Duvel. This was my favorite part because they have a nice couch inside to side and enjoy a nice Dogfish with comfortable company.
3	I decided to try The Orange Table after finding out about the Scottsdale cafe in The Phoenix New Times "Best Of" issue. It was featured as the best neighborhood coffee shop in Scottsdale, and I decided to investigate that claim. My boyfriend and I went there for a late breakfast one Saturday morning. After a grueling search for the restaurant in Old Scottsdale, we finally found it deep into the bowels of Scottsdale Mall. Was our victorious search rewarded with a pleasant and friendly greeting from the restaurant's host? No. Were we at least greeted promptly and with an ounce of civility? Nope and nope. We stood at the entrance being ignored until we dared to ask one of the servers standing behind the register if we were to seat ourselves to which he replied something along the lines of "No, I'll seat you when I'm done awkwardly ignoring you." To all hip Phoenix-area restaurants: please stop this stupid no-host bullshit. Have someone ready to receive customers so they don't have to flag down someone to learn the rules. Eventually, Put Upon sat us and, thankfully, was not our server.  That honor went to one of the other pissed-off, unfriendly hipsters manning the joint. Thankfully, the food, for the most part, was much better than the service. I settled on some jungle pancakes, while my boyfriend went for some sort of Greek omelet. The Orange Table features an ambitious menu of inventive breakfast items and generously sized sandwiches that made for some tough choices. Although the prices are somewhat high, the entrees came in sumptuous portions. The only complaint I had about the meal itself was that, in this coffee shop, the brewed coffee we were served was lukewarm. Overall, The Orange Table has many things going for it, including an extensive, carefully crafted menu. However, from my experience there and the collective experiences of fellow Yelpers who dared to get there at the "wrong time," the service leaves much to be desired. I don't entirely blame the hipster help, as it appears that they aren't given the support they need. Someone needs to put the same care into the serving process as they did into the restaurant's ambiance and repertoire. Until then, I'll stick with restaurants that want and can handle my business.
1	Have you ever been to a place that you have heard has bad service, and you think it may hve just been a rough day...That was my hopes after being told that the service was horrible I was going to try it out for breakfast, I called to place an order and it was 11:05.  I was propmtly told that it was impossible to get breakfast, because the kitchen was turned over and they stopped serving breakfast at 11.Bad foot to start...So I went to the storefront and got one of the new lunch menus and was greeted by a not very friendly lady with a piercing through her nose who immediately started cussing because of something behind the bar... At this point I was pretty much over it, but I thought it could still get better... Wrong, I ended up leaving and not ordering anything because of how "friendly" everyone was.  I work in the area and will never give business to this restaurant again....
3	I visited The Orange Table some Sunday ago. This place could become my favorite place for breakfast or brunch. I had the green flannel hash which was fantastic! The corned beef was so good, and tender. I also ordered one jalapeno pecan pancake. Being a big fan of jalapenos I couldn't resist trying it and I'm happy that I did. The combination of sweet and spicy was perfect! I also enjoyed washing it all down with their mimosa. It's made with fresh squeezed OJ! YUM. I only wish they were bigger. So why the 3 stars you ask? Service. I didn't much care for the poor service. When we were there, it didn't seem like the place was TERRIBLY busy, but it seemed as though the waitress wasn't using her time well. I had to wait to order a drink, wait a while for my food (yes I saw it waiting), wait for another drink... ugh. I hope to visit Orange Table more often. I would love to give them another star! Pick up that service!
2	Orange Table? I almost gave you three stars because of that superb BLT, but I can't say honestly that everything was A-okay. My kids loved their grilled cheese - it looked a little intimidating what with that thick and oh-so nicely toasted bread, but really - the kiddies devoured them and felt satisfied.The service, however, is not so great. Yeah. We waited a long time for you guys to get your act together and think about how to put the tables together for us. And it was crowded - so for awhile I gave you a break on that. But then it wasn't crowded and the tables didn't get moved and we didn't get seated and you all were standing around the counter pretty much not doing anything - not even slinging any attitude. This kind of service seems consistent with the other reviews I've read, so I gather maybe you're holding yourself to a different standard and that's fine. But to be honest now - I've experienced hipper and ruder waitstaff and you'll just have to dig a little deeper if that's the niche you're going for, 'k?
2	This place was just OK for me.  The service is slow and they don't make enough use of the outdoor patio dining space.  They only had 3 tables out there and the space could easily and comfortably accomodate at least another 3 tables.  I had the breakfast that comes with the hamburger and the meat had zero flavor.  Clearly, the chef has not heard of seasonings.
5	Wow!  This place also knocked my socks off....I had the Green Flannel Hash - Extremly Delicious, and a side Jalapeno Pecan pancake as my fellow yelpers recommended...both were incredible (although I am not a big pancake/sweet fan so only had a few bites of the pancake before I grew tired of it).I went both times on a weekday, so not too busy but still took a good 1/2 hour to get the food...Well Worth the Wait.
5	This place is amazing! The food is great, fresh and tasteful! The service is awesome, they make you feel as though you have been friends for a long time and the prices are reasonable. I had a hamburger that was apparently marinated or cooked w/wine, followed by a Mexican Chocolate Latte, it was great! I'll def. be back for more
5	I love this place, love taking new people here, love taking out of towners here. There isn't a bad thing on the menu. I've order all their vegetarian dishes and they are all great and super fresh! The portion sizes and prices are great for the food quality [and for Snobsdale].The beer selection is great. My best friend ordered a Green Flash's Le Freak beer, I got a smell of it from his pour and ordered myself one. One of the best beers I've ever had and I'm a bit of a beer snob.
4	I went to the Orange Table because my fellow Yelpers assured me that my dog would be welcome.  She was.  The waiter brought water for my dog before he brought water for me!  But I did not expect that the sandwiches would be so outstanding!  I have since been two or three times, and each time, the food was terrific.  I have to admit, the last time, I was very fustrated because it seemed most of the beers on the menu were no longer being served.  Irritating.  On the other hand, at least I know they offer them, which is more than many restaurants in the area.
5	I can't say enough about this place. The coffee is yummy, the servers are personable and you KNOW the owner cares. I'm a fan of their baked goods and lattes but I'm NUTTY about their Jalapeno Pecan Pancakes (as I see other reviewers have mentioned them too). I dream about them :) Imagine amazingly fluffy pancakes, with a little heat and aftertaste of the jalapenos. They are heavy though - mine will last me for two to 3 breakfasts after I take my doggy bag home. I traditionally visit in the mornings, but they do have beer tastings and wine tastings at night which tempt me back. The green chile chicken sandwich - also FAB!
3	Good Food but terrible service.Waiters are always very rude and short.they need an attitude adjustment!!would get five stars if they had better service
5	i didn't have the same lame service as everyone else. my drinks were refilled frequently, we got an awesome spot on the patio and the weather couldn't have been better. and the food, oh man!! the strawberry pancakes were amazing! we also ordered the monkey pancakes (banana, coconut, and almonds) and they were only so-so, I wouldn't order them again.Their bacon was perfectly crispy. the only bummer is they were out of coffee soda which I have been wanting to try. Oh well, next time.This place was super hard to find, it's in the actual scottsdale mall where they have all of the culture fests. we parked in the parking structure by los olivos.
2	What happened to my sunday love the Orange Table? First off I have been going to this restaurant for sunday brunch forever (they have delicious mimosa's). However recently a friend of mine and I decided to grab some quick and yummy dinner here. The portions of the appetizers they are now serving to their patrons is just sad. The brie app I so love at this place was enough for two bites per person,which i assume they thought was ok because they cut up like two apples for us. If i were interested in cut up apple for an app i would have stayed home and eaten one, not gone to a restaurant and payed $10.00. The rest of the meal was just mediocre  to say the least, for a restaurant that only serves sandwiches you would think they would be absolutely incredible. The service that night was pathetic the staff there seemed less than eager to be working for Orange table. Will not be in a hurry to get back, especially when next door AZ88 has delicious food and the staff are happy and upbeat!!
5	We have only been in the area for two weeks and this place is going to be our regular weekend brunch place.  We loved our brunch place back in California and really wanted to find somewhere equally as good and we did!!  We used yelp to search, read the reviews and decided to try it for ourselves.  We have eaten here two weekends already and were pleased to find out they welcome dogs on their patio.  The service is great, the food tastes really yummy and the portion sizes are large. I look forward to going through the menu and might even try poping in one evening!!
5	I love Orange Table. I've gone to lunch and dinner here, but all my friends rave about the breakfast/brunch! It's a great biking destination-they are bike and dog-friendly, as far as I can tell. I love the classic chicken sandwich...it is not on the menu, but if you ask for it by name you will get a yummy sandwich on tasty bread with lettuce, tomato, onion and lettuce; a very simple sandwich. I had a side salad for lunch today, and I can't remember the name of the yummy dressing I had...it was ranch-based. We have always had great service when dining here, and I even got offered a to-go drink! Sit outside on the patio and enjoy the nice weather!
4	After doing a little shopping at the OTFM on Saturday, I headed over here to try it out based on the good reviews from Yelp! What a pleasant surprise! I'm not a huge pancake person, so I decided to try the Greek egg scramble with egg whites and the BF had the yogurt with fruit, since he had already downed a GF cupcake and cookie from the GF bakery. The scramble was delicious, perfectly seasoned and I ate every last bite of it! Also, the wheat toast was fantastic!! I also had a chai tea which was different, but really good! So many chai teas are overly seasoned with ginger and this one you could really taste the black tea! The BF had a latte as well and he loved it!! The only thing that wasn't awesome was the seating process. There was a definite awkward process of getting seated...not really knowing do you seat yourself, do they seat you. A more defined seating process would make this a solid 4.5 stars!!!
4	I really want to give this place a 5-star rating, but quite honestly, the service is pretty bad. I went last night for the second time, and the guy came out right away with water for me and my husband and our dogs, who we had with us. (Yes, it's dog friendly!) But then we ordered drinks (really good sangria and mojitos, and I don't say that about very many places.) And we had to wait forever for the drinks. Then my sisters met us, and she had to ask three times for an ashtray. The food took forever, and the guys didn't come check on us nearly enough to the point that we were ordering two drinks a piece at a time.The servers are really nice, just not very on top of things. The food is awesome. My husband is a VERY picky eater, and he LOVES their reuben. They have lots of veggie options. The Farrago Lavosh is great, as is the Tuna Melt -- I highly recommend the tuna melt. Overall, this place is outstanding, chill, fun and great for a casual group night -- just be prepared to wait.
4	I give the food 4 stars and the service a three. Yes, my coffee was always full and my food was great, but is a smile that much to ask for at 8am? I guess I forgot I was in Scottsdale.I'm the first to admit that mornings are not my cup of tea so I don't expect much from anyone else at the start of the day. However, if I'm paying you to be nice to be, then be nice to me. I don't care what hour of the day it is.Aside from the totally aloof service, the food was incredible as usual. I had the fried egg sandwich and it was everything and more I expected. High quality products made a typical sandwich into an extraordinary one. The coffee was great, as well. I'll go back because the food is so good. I just don't get how you could care less that people want to be there and eat your food.
4	Our first time to the Orange Table was this morning.  We had a party of four with two children under 12 years of age.The Buttermilk Pancakes were almost culinary perfection and we truly enjoyed the Green Flannel.  The chocolate chip pancakes were too sweet for my palette, though perfect for our young attendees.I enjoyed the lemonade, though it ran empty early in the meal; and was never refilled.  The service was typical of these "alternative" styled restaurants; with their young, and aloof staffing.  In the morning, I sometimes like the fact that I'm left alone, and not rushed out-the-door.Food gets a 4...service gets a 4, given the style of the establishment.  Polished service may actually ruin the feel of the place...
4	This place has the best corned beef hash - hand cut, made to order.  Usually the service isn't very good.  We had a wonderful waitress today - Jennifer was attentive, professional and fun!  We usually try to tolerate the wait and aloof service because the food is worth it.  With the improvement in service today, we will be back more often.
5	I still crave the Jalapeno Pecan Pancakes and the Mushroom Gruyere omelet  they are both delicious.  I found this place while in Scottsdale on business and ate there 3 times in 4 days.  As someone said before the staff is a tad unpredictable but who cares when you have food that is better than any you've had before? Not me :)
4	Today I wanted to take a dear friend to some place out of the ordinary , of the beaten path,  non-chainish  for Brunch . I had wanted to try this place for awhile but it never seemed to work out for us .  So today with no time  or kid constraints we set out .. we began our  search for thew perfect breakfast, and then we searched some more and then we backtracked and searched some more..Dang Y'all this place is hard to find. With a point in the direction from a nice landscaping type we searched some more .. aha the address.. ohh darn  it s the address for the whole building! Being the great  Easter egg hunter I am , I didn't give up, we looked high we looked low .. we found a sign , it's here ! It's where? Finally  there it was the ever elusive .. Orange Table .. not as  charming on the outside as I hoped , we still went in and decided to give it a try.  The servers were uber helpful and gracious .. they are really working on service , we had quick drinks, great explanations on food ,  we also heard from our waitress that they create all food fresh and nothing is sitting thus the longer time to wait.. hmm okay ..  she also  had apologies for waiting for a drink .. didn't notice..The apricot tea was fabulous and really hit the spot after our trek to find this little nirvana. The food on the menu all sounded great and looked amazing at the other tables .We ordered two omelets to share with sourdough toast. My gruyere and mushroom omelet had a tasty sauce that made me want to lick the plate.  My friend's Monaco omelet was tres Mediterranean  and tasted yummers too!  We both were happy with our meals and want to come back. Loved the place it would get five  stars if I could of found it easier, portions were bigger, and the breads were more interesting .. But I will be back .
4	Ah, how I miss the table of orange. Nothing beats their chocolate chip pancakes, egg sandwiches, messed up orders and lack of attention to details. I can easily find the uninterested waiters here in sf, but nothing beats the O table's food. You can find this adorable space in the Scottsdale Civic Center. It is hidden away and right next to a wig store (breakfast and a wig- nothing better). It has a lot to offer including mimosas, wine and eggs. The perfect spot after a night of Lady Gaga like dancing. The wait can be painful, but bring a paper, preferably the NY Times and order a cup of Joe while sitting on their comfy couch. All of their food is great! The sandwiches and salads used to come with a piece of chocolate- being a devout chocolatist I highly approve (not sure if they still give out the chocolate). One tip- when the bill finally comes, make sure you double check what you are paying for, sometimes (most of the time) the bill isn't correct. Wonderful place *(fine print) must be a patient person to come here....
5	I don't know where to begin with The Orange Table.  I've been eating here for years and I always look forward to it.  Everything I've tried is fantastic.  The green flannel is my favorite breakfast item.  Even the toast served with breakfast is good!  Lunch and dinner meals are also fantastic.  The Patty Melt is great, there was a grilled cheese (drunken Barney) that I would order at the end of my meal just to take home and eat later...sadly it's no longer on the menu.   Beer selection is great, and the Bloody Mary is always good, as is the fresh squeezed orange juice.  Whenever I take someone to The Orange Table for the first time they are always raving about the food when we leave.  The service is a sometimes slow, but I don't mind... the food makes up for it.
3	Another poem (although not by popular demand...it's just the voices in my head demanding attention:)I stopped for some lunch at the old Orange Table,They always have savory food,It was crowded as hell (even in summer),So the service was not very good;The wait staff is hip and they sort of act cool,By their looks, I could tell I was not,I was wearing a golf shirt and old cargo shorts,They just didn't think I was hot;They chatted with friends, and hung out in the kitchen,But they did bring my soup, hot and tasty,And a good turkey sandwich with lettuce and mayo,The bread was just right, thick and crustySo would I return to the tables of Orange?Oh sure, they are right in my 'hood,The food is just fine, all fresh and well made,But I'd have to be in a great mood:)
5	I've had both breakfast and lunch here (yes in the same day), both were amazing! Service was great, and fast (I went there on a Friday morning). For breakfast I had the mushroom & cheese stuffed omelet smothered with a sherry cream sauce, served with olive bread. VERY rich, but delicious.   They always give me a cup of coffee to go, love their attention to detail. For lunch I had the Arrogant Bastard Burger (local organic beef from the Stockyards), very tasty & huge.  They have free wi-fi and covered parking next door in the parkade.
5	It is very simple. What do you want Sunday morning? A nice breakfast. The great part is that you don't have to wake up early. On the weekends, the breakfast is served up to 1pm. I'm sure the lunch is good. It all the same fresh local and organic ingredients. But I come here for the green flannel. It is the best corned beef hash(topped with jalapenos) in town. It is the perfect blend of hot, salty, spicy and savory. Which goes with a nice crafted breakfast beer. If that's not your thing. Then a breakfast cocktail, like a tequila sunrise, will hit the spot.
3	Very cute place. I took my wife here for her Birthday pancakes. The food was excellent the service was suspect.  Thankfully one of my former co-workers arrived to save the day.  Aside from the bad service I got the impression it's not a kid friendly place because they did not have highchairs or booster seats but they do love dogs.
4	Love their platter w fresh mozzarella, basil, olive bread and prosciutto, sooo good. One of my favorite meals here in AZ. Service sucks tho, servers can be rude and inattentive.
5	Many critics claim that the best burgers in the Valley are at AZ 88.  It's amazing to think that so many people are wrong.  It's even more amazing to think that the restaurant with the best burgers in the Valley is in the same complex, and no more than 100 feet away.  But fortunately for me, many people make that mistake.  Orange Table is pretty small and regularly operates at capacity, so I am happy that so many people have been fed misinformation.Even though I have rambled about Orange Table's burgers, they have great breakfast food too.  And now that they have brinner it's hard to come with a valid reason not to eat here.  So try Orange Table's green flannel hash, relish their awesome burgers, and when you're done with your meal and walking back to your car, laugh at the people eating burgers at AZ 88.
5	The Orange Table is awesome! I loved the experience, from the location tucked away in the Scottsdale Mall, to the eclectic decor, to the cuisine and service. I walked up on a Saturday around 10AM, and was seated right away in a corner with drinks served promptly. The menu consists of Pancakes, Omelets, Hash brown-type entrees, and sandwiches. Everything was expertly cooked and I really enjoyed my Lemonade. Not too sugary, and not too Lemony. I'll definitely be back ASAP. This is my new pick for my favorite breakfast spot, and next trip will be to try to lunch menu.
5	The restaurant was recommended to me by the chef at Digestif. He told me to come here and get the corned beef hash. So I did, and it was excellent. I had never had corned beef hash before and I was glad I tried it. It is definitely not the healthiest meal you can have, but it was a nice change. The person I went with got the garlic and mushroom omelet. It had a thick sherry sauce covering the eggs. The sauce looked similar to gravy, which might sound weird for breakfast, but it was amazing! I have never had anything like it at all for breakfast. This sauce would be great for dinner too, with chicken or some other type of meat. It was definitely a very filling meal, but both dishes were very good and I would suggest giving this place a try.
3	I wasn't blown away by this place, but there was nothing that rubbed the wrong way either. I was visiting Scottsdale and went here with a few friends due to their suggestion. First off, it seems to be in almost a corporate building which I thought was pretty random.  It was surrounded by another bar and a wig store...which made people watching interesting.  We sat outside and were able to have their dog stay with us and draw in attention from anyone that walked by, although I am not sure the staff was really for the dog hanging out.  I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes and they did not disappoint.  There were a few chocolate chips in each bite which made it decadent along with the taste of the fluffy buttermilk.  I think there were only two pancakes served, but it was plenty to fill me up for the rest of the afternoon. I didn't order a drink but my friends did and they said the bloody mary was pretty good, as was their beer list.  There is limited seating and the service was a little slow, but we weren't in a hurry so it didn't bother us, but I wouldn't come here if you are looking for a quick bite.
1	I've heard a lot of great things about this place and I was excited to finally have the chance to check it for brunch this weekend. If I had to base my rating solely on the menu and the food, I would probably give Orange Table four stars. The menu was creative and I would have been happy ordering just about anything on it.  BUT....the service was absolutely horrible. We had a large party (family in town) and called ahead to put our names on the list. They seated us almost immediately when we arrived. Two (elderly) members of our party had trouble finding the place and the waiter was VERY upset that they weren't there on time. He was incredibly rude and took his sweet time with everything. We received our food after about 50 minutes, long after all of the tables around us (that had ordered after us) had finished eating. Our waiter was not the only rude one, either. There was just a general attitude problem.I am a big fan of any place with a good beer selection, but it doesn't look like I'll be going back to the Orange Table any time soon, which is a bummer.
4	this place is only a 5 minute walk for us, so i don't know why i don't go there more often. usually, we'd walk over for lunch from the hospital, but since the food is made to order, it usually takes a while. and i've seen the breakfast rush, so maybe that's why....but the other day, i was relaxing in the park with my pup when a german couple approached and asked if there were any good breakfast places nearby. they were staying at the mondrian on business, so i said "sure", and we sauntered over to the orange table. no waiting!!!! what!!!!....oh, because it was 7am...so i tied the pooch up and had breakfast. it was fantastic. delicious, warm....the monkey pancakes....full of crispy, yet healthy (until i doused them with syrup) deliciousness. and the coffee was damn strong and hearty....perfect. and since i was by myself this time, it was easy on mi walletta.
4	This place is pretty amazing. I've been here a few times for breakfast (I have yet to try lunch) and get the white flannel hash or they're monkey cakes (I believe that's what they are called). It is always delicious. It is usually not too crowded and I enjoy the atmosphere. They're coffee and drinks are pretty delicious too. I would have given this 5 stars, but the last time I went, the service was horrible. The few times I had been before, I had never gotten this. Perhaps they were short staffed.
4	I needed an inexpensive breakfast/lunch joint to take my parents after they were gracious enough to drive to AZ to help me pack and move.  Being that my Dad was in a car for six hours without any real food, I knew I had to choose the restaurant carefully.Orange Table was within walking distance of their hotel and wasn't filled with uptight Scottsdale people.  So I knew that while my Dad would rather stop at Brackin's for a beer, or the Grapevine for food, Orange Table would do.The place has the cute cafe atmosphere, with the beer list written on the chalkboard next to the front door.  While they weren't able to satisfy my Dad's need for an Irish root beer (Guinness), the waitress patiently dealt with his smack talking and finally made his choose a Delirium Nocturnem, which he ended up loving.My Dad even loved the food more than his beer, which is hard to get him to admit.  He had the red leichester (?) grilled cheese with bacon, Madre has the mushroom omelet, and I had the veggie sandwich.  All of us were happy with our orders.  I loved my veggie sandwich, which was overflowing with red peppers, avocado, sprouts and the like.  And the olive bread it came on was amazing.  I had to sample the mushroom omelet, and that sauce was divine.I would have tried the grilled cheese, but my Dad is like a wild bear when it comes to food.  So I opted not to get my hand bitten off and let him devour the thing immediately.Cute place to grab brunch, I just wish they had salad options.
1	i live in Scottsdale for about half of the month and recently decided that when its just me and my boyfriend go out with just us we will try a new place every time. we decided to do a lunch at The Orange Table, after finding it after a little trouble, we walked in with anticipation of a nice brunch/lunch. we walked up to the girl at the counter exception to be seating she handed us the menu and said the tables near the walls are clean.Before we ate already starting with a bad taste in our mouths. We looked over the menu and ordered our drinks(water & Soda) after about ten minutes ( still no drinks) we ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad. Drinks finally came , we ate and left. the end. Service had zero personality and food lack any "yuuuum" factor. So many people have eaten there , I guess I expected to remember the flavors of the food, maybe there was just none there. The only thing positive was the Mojo Chai I had, unfortunately I had my food before my drink came.
4	Best Cheeseburgers Ever! My wife and I were staying in Scottsdale to attend The Fiesta Bowl. Found this restaurant via Goggle in search of some different types of eateries. I had the Arrogant Bastard Burger (for $3 you can have the remainder of your bomber of Stone AB Ale) and her the Burger was the one made with red wine. We both agreed our burgers were the best we had ever eaten. Bold statement but true! I ate a small portion of hers and by golly it was distinctly different than mine but equally delicious. From the quality beef to the exquisite buns these are awesome. Only reason I did not give this place 5 stars, was no message on voice mail (hours/still open for business/etc) when I called the night before plus my wife had to ask herself out loud where her cafe mocha was. But easily forgiven when we bit in to our burgers.
4	This is another spot that is great for bringing the furry friends. I like seeing other people out who include their dogs in the fun. Who wants to leave them home when they are so cute? I love the orange tables, the small inside space is cute but I haven't ever dined inside because Clover always comes with. I think I was rubbed the wrong way the first time I came here because the waitress was stand-offish, but now I realize that is kind of the approach at this place. Not a bad thing though. I'm usually not out to make a BFF while I'm eating. Anyway, like others have said, it's best to show up for brunch on a lazy saturday when you're not in a big rush. I've had the apple pancakes and they were SO good. Honey butter and warm maple syrup. Wow they were fantastic. I brought my vegetarian pals and they loved the food, they were both able to find something they liked. So basically there is something for everyone here. Not to mention the best beer list around. It is annoying, though, that they are often out of the beers on the list so you have to keep picking.All in all, a great spot to hang out and enjoy your company. I love the park adjacent to the patio, a great spot to walk around after eating.
4	I usually have lunch at the Orange Table after visiting the Scottsdale Museum across the court yard.  The hamburgers are terrific.  The atmosphere is cozy.It is not a place to take a child.  First of all, no French fries on the menu; second, it is simply not a kid friendly environment.Overall, it is a great place to have a long lunch and the staff is attentive.
2	Pancakes are just flour, egg, milk, and fluff... so why are they ten dollars here?  I think this place is overrated.  If you have a friend that is a good cook, convince him or her to make you breakfast.  It will be better and you will be able to drink water whenever you want.  You can get it yourself and, no doubt, in a timely fashion.  The only disadvantage to the stay at home plan is that you may not be able to watch a great dane down plate of eggs that his owners purchased for him.  That was amazing.  That great dane eats well.
4	The food is very yummy.  The coffee to die for.The place moves at its own pace...which for some in this "I want it NOW" world may be slow.  So go there with someone you want to talk to, take your time and it will be alright.I've gone there many times with my well behaved kid.....and we have enjoyed ourselves.Love the rotating art in the space also.
4	On weekend mornings we head over to Orange Table simply because it's one of the few places we've found that we can take our dog and they make him feel extra welcome.  I only gave it four stars because the food is nothing to be excited about but it's not bad. The atmospere is great and I enjoy the coffee. I would highly recommend the Mojo, a mixture of expresso and chai tea. I will agree with the other reviewers that the service is a little slow, so go to Orange table if you're not in a hurry and want a place to sit and relax.  The servers do make you feel welcome and don't rush you out like other restaurants do during the weekend rush.
4	Met some friends here after a trip to the library and this was the first time I had been there. They have a great selection of entrees, both lunch and breakfast. Loved the uniqueness of the food selections. Interesting combos!  The sandwiches are huge and filling, so if you do not get a side to go along, the sandwich alone does the trick! We sat inside and bought along 3 babies, so it was kinds tight with the strollers, car seats. They don't have high chairs, so our next visit will probably be outdoor seating. But, hey, when a place offers outdoor seating here in the Valley..TAKE IT! I'll be going back!
2	I just had some of the best pancakes ever at Orange Table!  The jalapeno pecan pancakes are perfection!  Unfortunately, the service is far from perfection.In skimming the reviews, there seems to be a common theme with service issues; however, it seems like there are an awful lot of excuses made for the poor service.  Call me crazy, but perhaps if the staff is too hungover to work or too hip to manage a smile, the service industry is not their calling...unless they work here I guess.When we walked in, there were a couple empty tables, but no one was interested in even acknowledging us.  I finally interrupted the server at the counter to ask if we were to seat ourselves.  Without looking up all we got was "no, there's a wait."  At least another 5 minutes went by before she could be bothered to get our name.  Those who came in after us were met by other servers with the same attitude.  The server who took eventually took our name ended up waiting on us as well.  She became slightly more pleasant, but the wait for everything was ridiculous.   At the point our food arrived, we still had no utensils.  My husband had planned to get coffee before we left, but we got the check abruptly.  The only thing without a wait.So for those of you who want to hang out a couple hours for breakfast, the Orange Table may be your dream restaurant.  I would just suggest bringing your own drinks...and maybe a fork, so as to not unduly burden the servers.  I, on the other hand, will be making my own jalapeno pecan pancakes.  Thanks for the idea Orange Table!
1	I'm pissed.  Surprised...and pissed.  What the hell happened to Orange Table!?  My boyfriend and I stopped for breakfast on Sunday and experienced the worst service I think that I have had anywhere!We ordered breakfast.  After waiting 25 minutes (for eggs, people...eggs...this is not a big deal), I went inside (because the waiter was not conscientious enough to come to us) to ask if there was a problem with our order.  The response was, and I quote, "The kitchen is backed up; it should be out in a few minutes."  Note: there was no apology for the wait, and no effort to appease me.After waiting another 10 minutes, a waitress came by and asked generally if we were having a good day.  When we said that we would feel better about our day if we were able to get our food, the response was, and I quote: "Haven't you ever been here on the weekend.  We are always slow on the weekend."  Are you friggin' kidding me!!!?  This is an appropriate response!?  Again, no apology.  No offer of coffee or roll or something while we wait.  And is slow service EVER an acceptable policy!?A few more minutes went by; my boyfriend and I stood up to leave just as our food was coming.  We even said to the waiter, "We were just going to leave."  No response.  None!  Couldn't friggin' believe it.I used to tell everyone about this place.  No more.
5	Great service and fresh food. Take away the time you have to wait to be seated, and you have the perfect place.
3	Yum!  I had the monkey cakes and they were so good.Now, I've read some of the other reviews.  And, the service portion is a little spotty.  Initially we had some grumpy suicide style pin-up girl.  She seemed uber-irritated.  You may not like your job.  But, make some changes in life.  Go back to school.  Take your meds. Whatever it takes.However, there was some hand-off and we ended up with a very pleasant, sweet waitress who was attentive and friendly.My dining companion had a big egg sandwich and it looked tasty.  Good coffee too.
5	This Place is great.  I had a Tuna Salad Sandwich and press coffee.  Delicious food, the wait staff is also pretty fantastic, and the art on the walls is fun to look at.  Ill definitely be back.
1	Ok, the food here is pretty good. But how good can something be if you wait half an hour for it? That's after a twenty minute wait to get a table. Here's the real gripe I have about this place. They screwed up our order and brought out the wrong thing. Sounds like an easy fix right? Wrong. It took another 25 minutes to get our correct order. It takes two minutes to make pancakes. Why it takes The Orange Table 25 minutes is beyond me. The worst part of all was that they were trying to rush us out of their place. "Hey, do you want those pancakes to go?" No you idiot, my son was hungry 25 minutes ago when you brought out the wrong order, I think we'll eat them here. Get my order right, fix problems in a timely fashion and I'll leave your overpriced restaurant more quickly.This is a perfect example of a restaurant that has become too popular for its own good. Their staff is rude, their kitchen is slow and their pancakes are overpriced.
4	This is one of the many trendy little hot spots in the Old Town Scottsdale area. We came here for a late breakfast one fine Saturday afternoon. Luckily, maybe because it was late there wasn't a wait at all. We were able to get a nice little seat outside on the patio so we could enjoy the weather and do some good people watching. I will admit that some other reviewers are right... the service here isn't amazing. Our server seemed very rushed and distracted, but at no point in time during our meal was she bad enough to really make us take notice. At some point in time... you realize that these waitresses are more trendy than professional, so if you can enjoy your breakfast knowing that you aren't going to get the best service of your life, you'll have fun. The best way I could describe it, would be like you are getting waited on by a less mature younger sibling. They may not be doing the best job... but they mean well. If you're the type of person that demands impeccable service, this could very well be a deal breaker. The food here is fresh and flavorful... the dishes match the independent vibe of the building and staff very well. The standouts for us were the "Monkey Cakes" which were very nicely cooked pancakes with bananas and slivered almonds in the batter, very yummy! By all means, I recommend this place to 9/10 people. If you're comfortable in this yuppie type of environment you'll more than likely enjoy it. We'll probably be back some time to try more, or maybe even give their lunch/dinner menu a go.
5	Orange Table is a gem. The food is fresh and unique. The ingredients are familiar but intelligently matched to create dishes that you didn't know you would love. Plus the menu prices are every day affordable. If you aren't a fan of meats, you might still love their burgers or salads with prosciutto because the quality is excellent.   The juice is fresh squeezed, they make delicious mixed drinks and even more delicious espresso drinks, plus they have an unusual selection of beer.  The OT servers have improved recently, which is appreciated. I was used to having a slightly spacey server, but the food was so good that a little bit of forgetfulness would never stop me from going back. However, that has not been an issue for the past year so. Lastly, there is cool art to look at while you wait for your food, so the atmosphere is fun. Oh and I always see dogs on the patio, so it's a dog friendly place. I wish they would get a move on with their website so I could give the names of the dishes I like best. If you are a first timer and hit up OT for breakfast, the Mexican Chocolate Latte drink is amazing. I also tried the SMOCA (raspberry and chocolate) and that was pretty tasty, but nothing beats the Mexican. Coffee Soda is also an unusual treat. I love the apple pancakes with sour cream, green apples and apple maple syrup. Also delish is the jalapeno pecan pancakes. The hash is winner with the meat crowd and for egg dishes I love the eggs that have a sherry cream sauce with cheese.They have a prosciutto salad with little pieces of raw garlic. The balsamic dressing is so good, I didn't think it was possible for a vinaigrette to taste that good (and I love vinaigrettes). I could eat that everyday. So much better than expected. My friend ordered it and I wanted to steal it from her.  The hummus plate it fun. Hummus itself is never too exciting, but what they pair it with makes it special. The yogi granola breakfast has really tasty granola and fruit. The burger that has wine plus manchego cheese is amazing. I want to say Belvedere burger? The best burger ever.  If you like burgers, it has to be tasted. If you don't like burgers (like me) then it still has to be tasted.I have never been disappointed by any food I have ever ordered at OT. Hope you go there and love it too!
3	Food is good. The burger is great. The service a bit slow and dreamy. They think they are Bohemians and they aren't. Finally avoid the owner she is a complete ditz and space case...just smile and avoid this cat lady.  Cheers.
4	Orange Table is one of my go-to spots in the valley.  The food and atmosphere are superb.  The wide assortment of beverages certainly strengthens OT's menu when pairing food and drink.I will admit that while the location may seem hard to find, there are times where I've had to wait, and wait...but if you enjoy great food then it is worth the wait.Their salads and burgers (especially the wine burger w/ cheese and red onion) are fantastic!
3	Really sweet place to kick off your morning! The chorizo is awesome.... For $5 dollars upcharge for a side of chorizo I expected more, the service was a little slow considering there are only 12 tables and about 4-5 servers. The kitchen looks a bit cramped which may be the cause of the lag... All and all not a bad place.
4	Strong coffee. Stronger Bloody Marys. A perfect hideaway to catch up with friends and while away a few hours, especially considering the extremely casual approaching to waiting tables that goes on here! Best reason to go though: Proof that hipsters, skinny jeans and Zooey Deschanel (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtVh8kVZ_XM) look-alikes do exist in Arizona!
3	It was my first time to Orange Table. W were in Phoenix just for one night and decided to come here for breakfast before heading out. I must say that the place was not what I was expecting. It looks more like a bar/ lounge than a breakfast place. It's young and hip, but nice. It's just different. I ordered Corned Beef Hash with Jalapeno in it, it was really good. The corned beef hash looks homemade and fresh. Very good. But, my husband's Bohemian breakfast was uninspiring as he described it. I just wish that there is a little bit more taste on their food then.. everything else will turn out outstanding.
3	Well... usually I excuse poor service to a certain degree... but our last trip to the Orange Table was remarkably bad as far as service is concerned. We waited nearly 20 minutes before someone came over to our table... and as many of you know this is not a big place! Then when our waiter did come he just kind of stood there and said "wassup". For a second I thought I was going to have to spell it out for him; "Well, we just came here to eat some food, which is what we're attempting to do right now". Thank God the food is still great... so for now we're only gonna downgrade Orange Table by one star down to a three out of five. Our burger and sandwich were damn good... as was our cream soda; but the highlight of this visit without a doubt the fact that our waiter is a glorified Youtube/Reality TV star (well, not in a good way... and I guess I'm exaggerating quite a bit when I say 'star'). Anyone remember that episode of Cheaters where the goofy dude with the mullet had this uber-attractive girlfriend only to cheat on her (Not very helpful... I guess this describes a lot of episodes of Cheaters)? Anyway, the dude gets interviewed and spouts off this gem:"I do chicks man... that's just what I do". ...he then spouts off all sorts of other nonsense, trying to show that he is the man of all men, which he clearly isn't. The clip was featured on The Soup and a bunch of other shows and was cringe inducing because you wonder how a mullet sporting piece of white trash could nab the type of girl he was with... and not only that... but find more women to cheat on her with, it's only shit you could see on crappy reality TV. Anyway... that dude now waits tables at the Orange Table and was our waiter the other day. So now you know at least one reason why the service isn't exactly grade A.
4	This place is hip with walls adorned with funky art from local artists.  Their food is out of this world; same goes for their wonderful coffee.I usually go there in the morning on weekends for breakfast.  My favorite is their Monaco omelet and Mexican Coffee.I would give this five stars if 1) the owner would take the time to actually crack a smile.  Her chilly demeanor can be intimidating.  And 2) if service was better.  There are times where I would have to wait forever before being acknowledged.
4	Orange Table is one of those places that you always wonder why you don't go there more often...did that make sense?In other words, Orange Table is definitely worth going to over and over again.  The menu is varied, but small enough to where they can make each dish perfect.  I got the tuna sandwich and even without a side dish, it filled me up and left me happy.  Their tuna salad has a lot more chunks than I am used to, I think it might have been jicama or something similar, but it was a nice change.  Their iced tea is apricot flavored, which I've never had before (and really liked), and their outdoor seating is inexpensive but homey.  With beach cruisers and leashed dogs in my peripherals, I sat and finished my sandwich thinking to myself that I would give this place 5 yelp stars...if not for the indifferent service.Come on people...a smile won't kill you...it's a beautiful day!Other than that, great place, great food, laid back atmosphere.  Plus they serve breakfast and booze...my 2 favorite things.Give them a whirl.
3	The good news is: The food at The Orange Table is great. The bad news is: The service isn't.My friends and I have been here a few times, and it seems we wait just long enough in between visits to forget why we don't go more often. Each time we walk through the doors, it takes an awfully long time for our presence to even be acknowledged, then several more awkward minutes while the server finds us a table. And almost needless to say, whether you take one minute or five to decide what you want, it doesn't really matter, because it will be 10 before your order is taken.But then your food arrives (finally), and you decide the wait was mostly worth it. Their sandwich ingredients are very fresh, and their olive bread is to die for. Don't be afraid to try this place, just don't go on a day you're in any kind of a hurry. And maybe bring some playing cards.
3	The Orange Table is like the little girl, who had a little curl, right in the middle of her forehead; when she was good, she was very, very good, but when she was bad, she was horrid. So many highs and lows at the OT... the only way to attempt to quantify the experience is a straight up 2.5 stars.The good? Oh my God, the damn food. The grilled cheese sandwich is melty Cheddar-Velveeta goodness flanked by chewy-but-crunchy buttery sourdough. The fried egg sandwich (virtually identical, plus a messy, runny over-easy egg) is equally superb. The mixed-berry pancakes were chock full of warm fruit, and, surprise, gooey with melting butter, although they lacked the whipped cream the menu promised. The fruit platter?Oh.I don't know.I ordered it, but it never came. Right. This is where we get to the HORRID part.The service is actually offensive. Sometimes a kitschy place with crappy service can be kind of quaint, in an oh-they're-just-stoned way, like Cheba Hut. There is nothing quaint or cute about the service here. It is atrocious. Atrocious! It took forever to place an order, it took forever for the food to come out (and parts of the meal were cold), coffee cups sat empty even after soulless promises of refills. Parts of our order went missing, but magically still appeared on the check (once it finally got delivered)... and, as you might imagine, getting that little ditty rectified took another ten minutes. The patrons can also be obnoxious, but I realize this is Scottsdale, so one should assume that all places are contaminated with 19-year-olds in the same cheap Forever 21 dresses and pleather hooker heels they had on the night before as well as screechy stay-at-home moms who are deluding themselves that liberal doses of plastic surgery and self-tanner are going to restore their looks to their pre-spawning state. These characters go with the territory, but they are far easier to deal with with MORE THAN ONE CRAPPY CUP OF COFFEE on board. We left an extremely shitty tip (something we rarely do) and grumbled off to continue caffeinating elsewhere. I'll save future trips to the OT when I have a serious grilled cheese craving and hours to burn...
3	I dig this place.  The food is actually really good.  If you could go now since the weather is still very good.  Yeah 90 degree is good in PHX.  Though, I dig the food service is lacking...50 people in the restaurant and 20 servers -- can I get my mimosas now!  If you can suck up the lack of service then go cause food is still good :)
3	Orange Table has great food for both breakfast and lunch, but it is a pain to go there because it takes forrrrrrrrrrrrever.  If you go on a Sunday, forget it.  On Sundays they serve the breakfast menu until 3 pm (no ordering off the lunch menu until then), and both times I went on a Sunday I was there for at least 2 hours.  I once went with a big group of 7 of us and we were there from about 11 until 2!!  Soooo ridiculous.  It's not only Sundays that are bad though- the service is always slow.  And they have also messed up my order twice out of about 4 or 5 times I've been there.  The staff is very friendly though- just slow and spacy.  Or maybe it's the kitchen.  Who knows.On the positive side, the food really is good!  The chicken salad is great and they have a purple grilled cheese sandwich with grilled tomatoes that is awesome.  All their sandwiches are really good- I definitely recommend it for a good takeout sandwich.  I've also had the chipotle chicken melt which is really cheesy and good.  Their Bloody Marys deserve five stars- one of the best!!  And they have some fun cocktails.It's a little hard to find if you aren't familiar with the Civic Center since it is tucked away- they have a nice patio and they allow dogs on it.  I recommend it for takeout if you are getting lunch or if you are in a good mood for breakfast and don't mind a leisurely time!
4	I'm sleepy so this will be short and concise. Had the garlic mushroom omelet. It was delicious! Nice patio to sit and eat breakfast. Will definitely be back!.
5	I love this place!!  Service is great, gets a little slow  when its really busy but the atmosphere is so relaxing and chill, that you won't mind.My girlfriend and I go here every Saturday morning for our Mexican Mocha coffee and delicious breakfast.  It has become part of our weekly routine!I have recommended this place to everybody I know, and am now recommending it to you!  If you don't like this place, I will give you my personal address and you can come and slap me in the face for being a liar!  But that will never happen  ;)
5	This is a great little gem in the middle of old town!  I had their fabulous 'monkey cakes'!  These certainly did not disappoint!The service was top notch!  We were seated immediately and had our drinks within minutes, with our orders taken quickly as well.  I had only previously been here for dinner (which was also great!) but will certainly be back for breakfast!
4	I've eaten at Orange Table somewhere around 50 or 60 times over the last few years and I can tell you that they consistently provides 4-5 star quality food which I absolutely love.  The "monkey pancakes" with bananas and sliced almonds are one of my favorite breakfasts anywhere with nuts and maple syrup, the chipotle chicken sandwich is unbelievable, the balsamic mozzarella melt is incredible and the burgers (all of them) are some of the best I've had in town.  Unfortunately, as many other people have mentioned, this amazing food is often but not always delivered with 2-3 star quality service.  This review and the 4 stars are not meant to excuse the poor service but I will tell you that I have never had a bad meal there.  Ever.  Patience is a virtue and a necessary one in this case.  I would give 5 stars on food alone but conversely just can't justify lowering the rating to a 3 based on slow service as many others have done.  My advice - plan on spending some time there, know the deal ahead of time and just be cool.  Your food will come out, perhaps even without a smile but this place is absolutely worth it.
5	Showed up here on a beautiful Saturday morning... after a night of drinking. Bloody Marys were tasty. And breakfast was HEARTY. Olive bread was friggin' amazing. I left here so stuffed. And a bit tipsy.
4	Just got back from eating here.  Definitely great food, good atmosphere, and our service was fine.  I will absolutely be going back.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it is a tad bit pricey.  With a tip it cost me $37 for 2 people to eat breakfast.  The portions were decent size and we both left full.  $37 for breakfast for 2 people is still a bit high.Oh well...welcome to Scottsdale.
4	Since my last review I have been here many times and I must say there service has improved a lot!  I really do love their food... as of late I am stuck on their Artesian Tuna Melt... YUM!  So they get another star:)
4	Like it!!  The bf is more in love with this place than me. He always orders the MonkeyCakes... Pancakes with coconut, banana and sliced almonds. They are very tasty! But i tend to prefer savory over sweet for my brunch-time meals... especially if i've had a few cocktails the night before!  The first time i visited here, i had the chicken salad. I remember it being very good, but the most recent visit blew it outta the water. I had the Greek Omelet. WoW! Perfectly cooked egg (well done, at my request) filled with roasted artichoke hearts, tomato, feta cheese and kalamata olives (no onion for me.) There was fresh dill and scallion sprinkled on top. I ate all but ONE bite that i let the bf have. The whole-wheat toast and raspberry preserves were so tasty i couldn't stop eating even after i was full.  I also had a bloody mary, which was good, but not great. I did love the 3 big, blue cheese-stuffed olives that came in it!!  It's a small place, so prob not good for a group of more than 4, but the two times the bf and i have gone, we've only waited about 10 min before a table opens up. I'm sure i'll be back!
5	Wow! This is my favorite restaurant! The food is delicious everytime and the service is great. Highly recommended! Eat at Orange Table if you like tasty yummy food :)
5	Ate there while on vacay last year.  Food was excellent. My cappuccino was so sip worthy (see happy pic). Eggs were well made & delicious. Pancakes were to die for. Portions were big. Our waitress was extra friendly, courteous and prompt. She even gave us directions and tips on Sedona. All in all, I'll cherish this place for its memorable breakfast
4	love their food, great for lunch and breakfast....the service is a little hit or miss but they always keep your coffee cup full-you will almost always have to ask for extra milk-but whatever.Love having the breakfast sandwich or their pancakes-my favorite ones are no longer on the menu though :( they had apples, sour cream and honey over them SO GOOD!Not a place for breakfast cocktails though, so don't anticipate a good bloody mary.   their sandwiches are amazing, I've had several and have never been disappointed. Despite the shoty service it's a great spot for breakfast or lunch so definitely give it a try.
5	Came here after reading the reviews... Best Pancakes Everbest Hash ever... really... and i eat a lot of hashService is a bit slow, HOWEVER, when the food tastes this good, you understand why its slow. It's because the chef is actually cooking it FRESH!!!!!too all the haters who say the service is terrible... it's expected at a joint like this... lol... after seeing the staff i understand why the service may be a bit slower, but its still good food and awesome people... the staff are more chill...The way  I see this place is that its not a bunch of professional food servers and waiters etc...its a group of people who love the food, are friends, and decided to open a food joint... so maybe they arent the most professional, but what they do is make damn good food...I actually rate this place better than "breakfast club"
4	Well I'm glad that I had a heads up about the location. It was a little difficult to find. After taking my family on what seemed like a wild goose chase to find this gem, and after almost giving up, we found it. We were seated inside and enjoyed the ecclectic surroundings while perusing the menu.I had read some other reviews, so I ordered the veggie scramble with green chilies and a mimosa. Their coffee was delicious, the scramble was outstanding. The service was great. I loved the atmosphere.I'll be back to try something different.
5	We stumbled across this place while looking for some dog friendly breakfast joints in Scottsdale. Boy were we lucky to have found this hidden gem... And I do mean hidden gem as it's pretty difficult to find the first time. First off, their coffee bar menu gave us a great couple of options in the Mexican latte and smoca mocha. You can do any of them hot or cold and with the temps scorching in the summer, the iced versions were great. The wife had a great mushroom omelet in a wine cream sauce and my green flannel (corned beef hash with chilies topped with sour cream) was fantastic. We were fortunate to not run into any service issues as others have which meant that we were thoroughly satisfied with our experience here. I think we'll end up frequenting this place on our getaway trips out to Scottsdale.
4	It's dog friendly & the garlic mushroom omelet is amazing!!Love this place.  The menu is great.  I love corn beef & hash - they serve it up a few different ways.  I typically don't eat omelets - but the waitress recommended the Garlic Mushroom Omelet and I love mushrooms so I gave it a try.  I was in love - in fact - I ate all of it!  The sherry wine sauce was delicious and I love the mushrooms.  The omelet was cooked perfectly.  We got a table outside and they brought out a dog bowl filled with water & ice for our pup.  The coffee drinks were refreshing.  I had the Smoca Mocha.  The service is a bit slow - maybe b/c we were sitting outside.  This is definitely a place we'll go back to for brunch.  The food is great and affordable.
2	I have experienced better, and at this restaurant. I wanted to eat here for a late lunch on Wednesday because I hadn't been there in awhile and missed the prosciutto mozzarella salad/bread platter. Imagine my frustration when I found out that they had drastically reduced hours, now closing at 4pm. Boo!!!Ended up at the Daily Dose instead. Guess that worked out anyway because they have better prices and larger portions (happy hour).
4	LOVE the food here, LOVE the atmosphere/art, LOVE that it's doggy friendly, LOVE the location...Don't love the service...Sometimes it's a bit slow but more often than not, the staff isn't very friendly either.  It's not everytime but it is a vast majority of the visits i've had.  However, this morning for breakfast, i had a great waitress, that was very friendly and efficient.  However i can't remember a time like this before.  But please, don't avoid going because of this ONE thing I'M not satisfied with, the food truly is AWESOME, ESPECIALLY breakfast.  I recommend their breakfast sandwich and their greek omelet.  I"m also not the biggest sweet breakfast fan but they have great pancakes. Try this place out, i'm sure you'll love the food...i hope you get better service than i've experienced.
3	Not the best brunch place in the valley, but certainly not the worst.  Trying to resume my weekly brunch goal, I decided to go to Orange Table today on the referral of you Yelpers.  I was immediately taken by the vibe of this place when I walked in.  There was local art on the walls for sale, the waiters were all real chill, and patrons' dogs were taken care of with their own little water bowls.After waiting no more than 15 minutes, my friend and I were seated at the bar.  I ordered the white flannel ($10), which is corn beef and hash with onions and mushrooms topped with sour cream.  It came with a side of eggs and toast (i recommend the sour dough).  My friend ordered a red pepper omelet ($9), which she said was good but a bit overload on the red peppers and not consistent throughout (there was too much red pepper on one side of the omelet and too much cheese on the other).  The coffees were delish, though.  I have nothing bad to say about the service, either.  The brunch menu is not as big as I would have liked for it to be, but overall, the food was decent, and the price was alright.  I recommend you try it at least once.Note: This place is confusing to find.  Park in the garage near AZ88 and walk to the back area.
5	i have never had a better corn beef hash in all my days!  the coffees are sooo good there too.  i like the kick back crowd, even tho it's in scottsdale.  the prices are more than reasonable and free WiFi.  whoo hoo!  a nice find and one you could keep secret  please to enjoy!
4	I love breakfast places.  After 10 years in the Bay Area (where breakfast places are an art), I thought my breakfast dining days were over.  Not so...Thank you Orange Table!!  A slice of neighborhood heaven in Scottsdale's Civic Center.  The coffee is good, the service was warm and welcoming, the menu is varied and yummy.  I loved the art on the wall and the vibe here is very neighborhood hang out and very little of the Starbucks cookie cutter.  Bonus that you can bring your dog!!
4	Breakfast or lunch, this is a place I can visit knowing I won't leave hungry. When I make a stop into Orange Table, I prepare myself for a bit of a wait, but the experience is eclectic and fun so I really don't mind. This is a restaurant where I can go and lounge and enjoy a lazy Saturday or Sunday when those types of days come around. Situated in the middle of the Civic Center, there are many times when the weather is nice and a festival is going on outside, so Orange Table makes for a perfect cuisine break before browsing the different tables at the festival. I stumbled upon Orange Table years ago and discovered that the food is pretty darn tasty when I'm hungry and needing some...umm.. thick food to help with dehydration from the night before. It's hard to decide between their breakfast and lunch but it all depends on the mood and everything on the menu is excellent. For lunch, I go for their chicken sandwich and for breakfast I normally go for the eggs, bacon and potatoes but their pancakes are excellent as well. When the weather's nice I love the outdoor patio and the indoor dining area is nice to spend some time in and relax. Be prepared for a wait if you get there too late because it's not a huge restaurant and popularity fills it up fast!
4	Great food, really great food! Unique menu items and good portions. Service is very slow and customer service is lacking. But the taste and creative food combinations definitely makes you want to go back for more.
5	WOOO HOO!  Halliluja I think someone anwsered my prayers and hired all new wait staff!  I had previously stopped coming here despite the great food, the service was just SSOOO slow and crappy!  But low and behold I went to breakfast, on a Saturday morning none the less and had refills brought over before my glass was empty, got the check delivered before I had to ask, and got out of there within an hour!  A new Orange Table record.  Not to mention the expresso was delish, and the Catlan scramble was an amazing blend of salty briney olives with spicy chorizo, mixed with ripe tomato and melty manchego cheese.  Loved it.
2	Reallllllllllly slow service, I think the staff doesn't realize you are supposed wait till after work to smoke the ish.  The food was okay but expensive at least the OJ was awesome.  Good hipster vibe.
4	Do not expect to have a quick breakfast or lunch at the Orange Table. You just have to accept that they're slooooowwwww and the staff could care less. Deal with it. The vibe is great and the food is worth the wait. I always get the chicken salad sandwich and I love it. My only problem is: a) they got rid of their honey mustard - i'm begging you to bring it back. b) they don't serve lunch until after 2pm (maybe later) which can be a bummer when you're craving a sandwich. Give it a try - one of the best sandwich spots in Scottsdale. Oh! And their patio is dog friendly.
5	This is a great relaxing spot to stop for breakfast. The food is always amazing and the atmosphere is something that will send you into the right mood to enjoy the rest of your day. I wish there where more spots like this on the civic center park it's such a great location.
5	Wow, this place is incredible.  A little difficult to get to, but it's worth it.  Had the best Corned Beef sandwich (w/ jalopenos) i've ever eaten.  The others in my group were awwed as well.  I highly recommend Orange Table!!
3	Bottom line about this place is that: food is great, service is horrible.  Went there for breakfast, was there for 2 hours, food took nearly an hour, and it took twenty minutes to pay our bill.  Yes it was a Sunday morning, but still the service seems unorganized and haphazzard.  I was in the restaurant biz for a long time.  Worked all facets of a restaurant, FOH & BOH. So I am understanding and sympathetic about what a server is going through. I never complain and always tip 20% or more.   But this experience was ridiculous.  Our server was uncaring and non apologetic.  It seems like this place is becoming known for this and the staff knows it and they're  just going along with it.  Does anyone know who owns this place?  There didn't seem to be a manager on premises and they don't have a website to write to them and let them know how you feel. How convenient. It's a shame because I really like the food there(been there for lunch as well) and I would like to frequent this place more often, but I guess I'm just going to have to put up with the service.
1	Service is non-existent.  Ordered 5 drinks.  Took forever.  A group came in wtih a large dog while we were sitting waiting for our drinks.  The dog was served a bowl of water and a large carrot that he tore up all over the patio while we were stil waiting for our five drinks.  A table next to us had an issue with a bowl of something.  The waiter was holding the bowl in the air.  One of the people in my group asked the waiter what was wrong with it.  The waiter, still holding the bowl, looks over and yells back, there's a hair in it.  We had ordered a couple of sandwhiches.  With the waiter's info, we went up and canceled our order and left.  Good luck to anyone wanting to be served and wanting clean food.
3	So I can go ahead and say with confidence that the food is exceptionally fresh. I love doing breakfast or lunch here! Their breakfast sandwich and omelets for breakfast are amazing. I will have to go with the tuna for lunch. The only reason why I am going to have to go with 3 stars is because of the slow hit or miss service. The waiters have been a pleasure, but some of the female servers not so much.
4	We are always looking for a great breakfast spot to enjoy a good cup of java and flavorful food.  Orange Table will be in my top two breakfast joints.  Relaxed atmosphere, cool place to ride your bicycle too and eat on the patio.  I would recommend to anyone.  I had the butter milk pancakes with sausage and my wife had bacon, potatoes and an English muffin.  The coffee was perfect,  very smooth not bitter.
4	Being the self-proclaimed foodie that I am, I am always on a perpetual quest to find my next food adventure. My mission is to always try something new and different - the weirder it sounds the better. So when I heard about the Jalapeno Pancakes here at Orange Table I knew I had to see these for myself.I've been here twice now both on a Sunday morning. Thanks to the reviews I admit we were prepared for the service woes. Although I have to point out that, both times, our service was not bad in any way but rather more on the slow side. Our servers were always pleasant with a laid back attitude. I can understand why some people would get frustrated at the wait but we prefer to enjoy our Sunday morning brunches so spending it leisurely hanging out during brekky is just our style. As for the food, the jalapeno pancakes are delightful! Who would have thought?! The pecans are tasty and the jalapenos add a great kick of spice. Even better is the jalapeno infused maple syrup that I proceeded to douse my entire pancake stack with. Dee-lish!I also got a chance to taste the Chimichurri Hash as well as the Pumpkin Pancakes (both specials on the weekends we were there).  The hash is satisfyingly hearty and flavorful while the pumpkin pancakes were a comforting seasonal treat. Since I already know what I will be trying next time I'm at Orange Table, (ahem....Monkey Pancakes) it's clear that I recommend going back!
3	Let's start with our greeting.... Oh wait there was none! Moving on, after waiting for about 15 minutes we were able to get a little ahead on the wait list by sitting at the bar.  If you've never been to Orange Table, I'll warn you the inside dining area is pretty small, so you should expect a wait.  They do have a nice size patio, but in the dead of winter (Scottsdale winter that is), with no heating lamps, us hung-over gals were not sitting outside!  I don't have a strong opinion either way about the dining experience itself.  I will say my cheese omelet with olive toast and a banana nut pancake totally hit the spot so I won't complain.  Service was subpar, but I'm guessing they may have been experiencing a little hang over as well, so I'll give them a pass.  To sum it up, I give the food a solid 4 and the service a generous 2.  Next time I'll come in the spring and enjoy the outside patio.
3	We heard about this place through a server from another restaurant, and we were excited to check out the allegedly "superb" food.  After waiting a few minutes for a table, we sat down and put our order in quickly.  After the order taking, that was where the service ended.  We didn't see our server again until we had to flag her down for the check.  Emily G was our server, and possibly the worst one we've ever had.  It made the experience uncomfortable.The food, on the other hand, was very good.  The Mexican chocolate mocha was DELICIOUS and we ordered banana nut pancakes, veggie hash, and eggs benedict.  The pancakes and eggs benedict were yummy, but the veggie hash seemed like more of a dinner dish than a breakfast one.  Maybe the hash would've been better if we got it with the over-medium eggs we ordered, instead of the scrambled eggs that came with it (another reason why the service was awful).We recommend it for the food and the coffee, but NOT for the service.  Food - ****Service - *
3	Adding a star because I've unlocked the secret to service.  New Years Eve mid-afternoon.  We were headed to SMOCA and looking for a "quick" bite.  Orange Table was definitely not at the top of the list.  But I looked in and only one table was occupied so we took a shot.  Upon arriving, the server was on a personal call, but she actually....wait for it...hung up to seat us AND took our order with a smile.Now you still won't find Speedy Gonzales in the kitchen (no, that is not a 1070 reference), but with no orders ahead of you, the wait is down to a manageable 30 minutes or less.I split a steak & bleu and a prosciutto melt.  They were both exceptionally good, although I think I preferred the steak & bleu.  Too bad I have to wait until next New Year's Eve to feel comfortable with the service again.
4	This place is heavily mentioned in all of the Phoenix travel books, so you'd expect it to be pretty busy and ful of tourists.  Well, affirmative on both ends.  I wasn't impressed with the service at all, but the food was really good.  Breakfast sandwich and cappucinos tasty with lots of fillings.  It's also nice to wander around their store and look  at the crafty art stuff.
2	As a veteran service indrustry professional, I had a somewhat disappointing experience at Orange Table today. When I ordered the cheddar biscuits and gravy special, I asked if I might substitute a side of home fries in place of the 2 eggs (I know, I'm a certified weiro for disliking eggs) and was told that the kitchen was 'too busy to do that'...however, my lackluster server did offer sliced tomatoes in lieu of the eggs...which I respectfully declined...uh biscuits + gravy and...uh tomato's...no gracias. Some coffee and tea drinks might take a while to arrive as we were also informed that there are not enough mugs in house to accomodate the number of coffee drinks (this is clearly on the ownership and management) being ordered, so after one was bussed from a table and cleaned, the coffee drink arrived. The food was delicious for the most part, however, my friends breakfast burrito lacked both the cheddar and bacon which were supposed to accompany the eggs and potato in the filling. The server brought a side of bacon to the table. While the biscuits and gravy were delicious, it was one biscuit with gravy in a small bowl for $9....those breakfast potato's the cook was to busy to make would have really added some value here!  A major pet peev of mine is when restaurants policy is to say no (to comparable substitutions) when it would be so easy to say yes and leave a guest feeling valued. Unfortunately, Daily Dose also subsribes to a policy of 'No' so my search will continue for a charming breakfast spot in scottsdale.
4	Great place for some tasty grub and refreshing drinks. Went here for breakfast and got their corned beef hash. It had some good flavor and texture, the eggs and whole wheat toast were good to. Didn't get the coffee, opted for a couple mixed drinks with fruit juices. Tequila Sunrise so nice.Highly recommend this place. Contemporary, artsy atmosphere with cool art decor. Cool local feel, in a small strip mall location. Great for breakfast and lunch.Need to visit AZ more often, if there's more good food like this. :)
4	This is definitely a place to check out if you are in downtown Scottsdale in the morning / afternoon. The service is slow, but that doesn't equal bad. The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection. When you are trying to enjoy an afternoon and aren't rushed to eat and move on to the next activity on your plate, you have to check out Orange Table!
1	Man, I thought that they had turned a corner when it came to service, but apparently that was a fluke.  I came in for lunch one busy Saturday, gave them my name and no preference for indoor or outdoor, was then ignored for the next 15 minutes as the five top and a three top that came in after me got seated.  The servers passing by wouldn't even make eye contact and the girl checking out customers seemed to forget why we were there.  Ended up leaving and going to AZ 88 instead.  Disappointing.
4	Great service and great food.  I got an egg white omelet with home fries and it was cooked perfectly.  The fruit plate was incredibly fresh and their coffee was excellent too.  The service, like most places in Scottsdale, was exceptional even though there was a little wait and it was a little slow but hey it's a good place to relax and chill out for a bit.The atmosphere is hipster and reminds me of the old Junebug cafe in Jamaica Plain, MA only with friendly service and better food :-)
4	Fantastic food, and good service.  The food does have a lot of garlic, but I'm a big fan, so it just made the food even better.  The setting is fantastic with the location being out of the way of the "touristy" areas.  Its a great place to go if you want to lay low and have a good breakfast.
4	Usually stop here for breakfast and mimosas. Agreed the service is not always the greatest but who expects 5star service at a breakfast/lunch cafe. I say have a mimosa and chill out. They also have a fun drink/beer list. Or fresh squeezed OJ that is worth the trip. The food is bought locally and prepared fresh so the wait is worth the quality. I usually do the omelettes... mushroom garlic. I can't refuse that mushroom sauce!! I have had their huge a#$ burgers and a couple of their sandwiches. The Loki and the vegetarian stand out. What ever you try I don't think you will be disappointed.
2	Totally not my favorite place to go. The sandwiches aren't that good. They're really expensive and don't even come with any sides. Most of them are bland. I've been conned into eating here a couple of times, and everytime I'm pissed afterwards that I had to spend 15 dollars on something I didnt even really enjoy and could have gotten for 6 dollars elsewhere.
2	I hate giving bad reviews and I really want to like this place. More than that,  I hate wasting my money and time on a place that consistently disappoints.It is remarkable how almost every review on the yelp has a common theme about the Orange Table:  a lack of service and a lack of speed.  No problem, most reviewers contend, as the food usually more than makes up for any wait or shoddy service.  My wife and I went this morning and got the expected level of service (ie, none) but were surprised at how bad the food was this time around:The Greek Omelet was palatable but did not have feta cheese in it as advertised.  They used to put a pretty generous portion of butter on the toast but it seemed almost rationed. The potatoes were raw, not underdone, but raw, horrid.  The cook might be busy as other reviews mention but at least cook your potatoes...petty basic.  They were hot as if they had put freshly cut potatoes in a skillet of hot oil, let them cook and coat for maybe a minute then put them on my plate with my cold sausage and even colder eggs.  So much for the cook's craft.The coffee tasted extremely weak and watered down which was surprising since their coffee drinks are usually pretty good.  We have eaten there before over the years and have come to expect the lousy service but it is almost like they try to outdo themselves on:A.  Taking you to your freshly bussed table to wash it down with a soaking wet rag, leaving you with no utensils, water or napkins to bail the surface of your table out with.  From there, we waited fifteen minutes after being seated to get any attention at all.   Again, we expected this as it happened once before.B.  Refilling your horrible coffee without asking first.  If you have cream and sugar in your coffee aren't you supposed to at least ask?  I have never been a server so I really would not know.C.  Diners usually have newspapers or at least the New Times around...not the OT...bring something with or you will be reading Java..which will not last you for your forty minute wait for your food.D.  Visibly bummed patrons, there were three other couples that were not happy with their food and wait time.  Some time is reasonable but over thirty minutes for eggs?  Given there was no wait time inclines me to believe that other people are having the same luck.In this economy you would think that these guys would pick up the hints we write on here.  Cool places to eat breakfast in the Valley are hard to come by and its unfortunate that this place consistently disappoints.  I would give it another chance but three times is enough.
1	I am here right now- not because I wanted to come here but because I wanted a coffee and this was the closest place. See, I have been here twice before and the service has been awful. Well, third time is not a charm. Once again, I stood at the counter being totally ignored while there were 3 people behind the counter.  Two people talking with each other and the third (and one closest to me) looked down going through receipts looked up at me and then went back to what she was doing!  The first time my husband and I came in here, we just came for coffee and waited so long to be helped, we just left. The second time, we came for breakfast and AGAIN waited for almost 30 minutes while we watched 4 people behind the counter talking with each other while there were 4 empty tables. When I finally went up to inquire, it was obvious they had forgotten about us. Instead of being apologetic, our server acted like it was a bother to have to seat us, got our order wrong, and forgot to bring us the hot sauce we asked for. So while I have been writing this review, I have been waiting for ONE iced mocha to GO and am going to inquire as to why it's taken 12 minutes so far!
2	I have been coming to Orange Table on and off for about 5 years.  I've always found the coffee really great and the vibe of the place is very cool.  I also like the location, it is close to the library and a beautiful park that makes it a fun place to start out a morning.  This place has so much potential, that I'm so sad that I get disappointed in some fashion on every visit lately.  At some point, about 4 years ago, the service was actually decent.  We would come with our young children, sit on the patio, enjoy a great cup of Joe and get our food pretty fast.  They have slowly and consistently declined.    The servers have always been nice, but we haven't seen one in the past several years that appeared to have any experience being a server.  The last two visits we had to sit about 5 minutes after we had our food served, before we actually had silverware to eat it.  There is ALWAYS at least one item forgotten.  Ordering something extra or trying to get an order corrected usually requires walking up to the counter (about 10 feet away) to get someones attention if you didn't notice the problem when the food was dropped off.   One thing I have learned is to ask for the check as soon as you get your last bit of food, or else you will end up sitting at a table with empty plates for a long while before they realize you are done.  I probably will not be going back for a long while.  I will give them another chance sometime in the future to see if anything has changed.  Why?  I love the location and I enjoy sitting out on the patio.  It is easy to bike to if you live in the area and the civic center mall area really has a nice atmosphere.  The coffee is good.  I do like most of the menu items and I have never received anything that was bad.  The food isn't anything to write home about, which makes the prices a little hard to justify, but it is consistently adequate. Most of the time it isn't super crowded.  Certain times in the mid morning you might end up waiting, but most of the time you can get right in and seated.  If you are not in a hurry, want some decent coffee, and can put up with laid back service that sometime borders on criminal, then this place might just be for you.
4	I am a fan of the prosciutto melt, and chipotle chicken melt, they also have a burger w/blue cheese add bacon and its amazing! I notice a lot of service complaints, and i am not gonna lie, I have, at times, had less than stellar service and long wait times, but when i was there the last two visits, I didn't notice myself wanting for more. They even brought a bowl of water for the dog, without me requesting it. Definitely not a place for a quick meal, but generally worth the wait.
2	WOW! I have been coming here for years for the Green Flannel Hash and we have never been disappointed..........UNTIL TODAY. Both my wife and I noticed it was drastically different today. I asked the waitress "Are they were using a different recipe?"Waitress: "No. Why?"Me: "It doesn't taste anything like it usually does."Waitress: "Oh, does the cornbeef not have any flavor?"Me: "Yeah."Waitress: "Oh we've been hearing that a lot from our customers." She walks away and returns with a full bill despite the fact that we didn't like or eat our dishes.
2	I was excited to try this place as my new "best of" App stated that this was the best place to have breakfast in Scottsdale , and I did not know this place existed !  Had a little trouble finding in as it is hidden in a "mall" behind the performing arts center.  Loved the vibe of the place - great mix of people, art, furniture.  Had a little bit of a wait, but not too long.  When we were seated the waiter explained that the kitchen was a little backed up so there could be wait on the food - we were OK with that since we had been told in advance.  In the end we waited longer on our drinks than our food, but we noticed folks around us, had a much longer wait for their food - guess we got lucky, but I know if I had been them I would have been mad since we were seated after them and got finished eating before their food had even arrived.  Anyway..I had the monkey pancakes as wanted to try something different and had read good things about them and my partner had chocolate chip pancakes.  I have to say, both were just OK.  We have both had better breakfasts elsewhere in Scottsdale, for less money too.  So we left unsure what all the hype was about and a little disappointed.  There was nothing wrong with the food at all, but we just didn't leave going that was great and looking forward to coming back, which is a shame as I said we loved the feel, but didn't fall in love with the food - sorry.
2	Orange Table has a great ambiance and location. The menu is interesting and well thought out.That being said, I have no plans on coming back. I've been coming here off and on for a couple years. Each time gets more and more disappointing. This particular time we arrived at 9:30 or so on a Saturday, just before the big breakfast rush. A good chunk of the tables were occupied, however there were a few available, probably about half full. The two of us gave our name and were seated in the waiting area.  As we sat, we noticed a gentleman, chilling out behind the counter, texting in plain view, generally looking lazy and slow. About 10 minutes later, we were seated. Turns out Lazy McTexter was our server. He seats us, doesn't ask us what we would like to drink (we'd been waiting, we knew), and disappears for another 10 minutes. He comes back, I decide against coffee (theirs is delicious usually) and went with OJ. Big mistake. I understand fresh squeezed OJ has pulp, but this was ridiculous. I literally had to chew it. We ordered the food then too, no telling how long before he'd be back.Food came about 15 minutes after ordering. Not forever, but a little long for a breakfast menu. I ordered the eggs benedict, and my friend ordered chocolate chip pancakes. I know they're famous for the hash, but we've had it before.Here's the worst part about the whole situation, the food was good! The eggs benedict were some of the best I've had in the valley! The hollandaise was creamy with just a hint of citrus tart. Eggs were poached well, ham was good. The pancakes were a little dry however. Not to worry, when you have dry pancakes and don't give a damn about calories, you just put a little extra syrup on it, right? We wave down our server (literally waved my hand in the air to get him), ask for the extra syrup, and he mutters that it will be extra. A little ridiculous to charge extra for a cup of syrup, if you ask me, but whatever, it can't be more than 50 cents right?Wrongo, pal. $2.00! Two George Washingtons for a shot of maple syrup. Seriously?! I don't care how good it is, syrup ain't $2.00. That was the kicker. To have service that terrible (note the other reviews) and then nickel-and-dime the customer like that is unacceptable. I worked in restaurants for the majority of my teens and 20's (everything from prep cook to bartender), and I think I have reasonable expectations when it comes to quality of service. Orange Table doesn't cut it. Adios.
4	Want a good sandwich.     Great place to eat.    The breads are out of this world.     A great experience.     Go there whenever in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	I absolutely love this place!  I love the food, the atmosphere, the food, the ambiance, the people, the pro-bicycle mentality, etc!  Go eat their monkey-cakes and drink a capp!  I did have to wait a bit during one of my last visits; however, they were SLAMMED and we ordered a crapload of delicious food.  I'm happy to wait a bit for delicious food.Ready to go back!
5	Had great breakfast here today.  Based on someone else's review, I got the green flannel hash.  Excellent.  Great coffee.  Great atmosphere.  Service has been slow in the past, but today was great.  We look forward to going back.
5	Wow. Best breakfast I had on my recent trip to Scottsdale. Ordered the eggs benedict with a side of corned beef hash. Waitress sweet talked the cook into making a side order since they typically don't do side dishes. That sweet little angel of a waitress made my day! Best corned beef hash EVER! Have I mentioned how awesome the waitresses were? And damn pretty as well. Double score.
5	Orange Table is my go to sandwich shop. My favorites. The Rustler. California Tuna. and the American Grilled Cheese. Boom. Delicious.
5	Had breakfast there and it was very good... My party of four all left satisfied..... They also had an arrogant bastard cheese burger I want to try but was not up to it for breakfast.
3	Ok, so here is the deal. Not wowed or blown away at all. I have been dying to try this place for a year. We finally went today. Small hidden place. Charming with cool artwork.I have heard so much about their Jalapeno Pecan Pancakes. Not the biggest pancake fan but the intrigue factor sold it. The pancakes were great. I did not realize the syrup was squeezed Jalapeno sauce/juice though so I drowned the pancakes with it thinking it was pancake sauce and the meal became almost inedible due to the spice factor. Spicy is tricky! If it is too spicy you can't taste the food quality right? I love spicy but it was too much.The pancakes were awesome though! ( Moist fluffy and they did put so many pecans on it. No skimping there)  The cost is 10 dollars though. OUCH! That seems silly for Pancakes. My date had the Green Flannel. Wow, Hash? I have not had Hash since my Irish childhood days so I had to try it of course. It was delish. My date said it was too spicy though for his liking. He did like the food overall just not in love with it. What I did really like was their sausages though. Yummy. I am kind of a picky, snob on that one and they were good. Again a bit spicy.( Though but not sure if our mouths were just overloaded with the burn factor by then or if the  sausages were also too spicy) The coffee is Ok but not as great as other reviewers mentioned so confused on previous reviews. To be perfectly honest the service we received was not very good at all. We would even say bad. We had to get up several times to ask for things.  Soooooo, overall an ok experience just not great. In a nutshell, food is good, service bad, spicy factor too much. If you love pancakes check it out when you are not in a rush to be anywhere. I wouldn't mind trying some of their other dishes too but I think it is just to expensive of a place for a breakfast/casual food menu.
4	Service was a bit slow but we did arrive at opening. Music inside was loud but patio is great. Food was excellent. I had a scramble with roasted peppers, fresh basil and provolone.  A bit too much cheese for my tastes but awsome otherwise. My other half had two eggs over easy with bacon. He was extreemly pleased. Have an OJ it is fresh squeezed and delish!
5	One of my husband and I's favorite breakfast spot! Sometimes a little long wait on food, but if you have a slow Sunday, they have great food! Small, cute spot, with outdoor seating.
4	Brooke and I were looking for a good breakfast place while we vacationed in Arizona and the pictures of Orange Table's food looked mouthwatering! Unfortunately, we got lost...even though we called the restaurant and they gave us great directions. We got there a little too late for breakfast, but we were happy to order drinks (Brooke- a mojito, yum. Me, a sweet tea vodka lemonade, double yum). They were out of champagne, but the owner came to us personally to apologize for the inconvenience. The staff was incredibly friendly, which was nice considering we had just visited a nearby mall and had the worst customer service we've ever experienced from some retail workers at h and m and sephora (different story). I ordered the tuna melt, but this was no run of the mill chicken of the sea with american cheese melted on top. The tuna was thick, chunky and delicious on hearty bread and seasoned perfectly. They let us sit there for over an hour chatting away without interruption, but were still attentive. The atmosphere was lovely and relaxing, yet still lively and the outside seating would be really nice during a warm evening. We loved Orange Table.
4	Excellent food and an interesting menu.  Love the hash.  Service a little... disconnected.  Not rude, just sorta checked out.
5	Had brunch at the ORANGE TABLE today.  Table of 5....sat outside under the misters, VERY PLEASANT.  The food ALL looked GREAT.  I had the monkey pancake....yum.  Done to perfection!  can't wait to go back.  Others at our table had the FLANNEL (hash), VERY GOOD, another had one of the omelets and loved it!  All in all, DELICIOUS.  There is such a great atmosphere there......the patio was FULL and the inside was FULL but in spite of the FULL HOUSE, we had a very pleasant time, great food, GREAT service.....great job guys!
4	Hello my name's Faith and I'm addicted to burgers.... I ventured into this place once before... scatter brained as always we ordered a french press to help clear things up.... mmmmhh yesss... felt good. Then a Mexican Coffee... bought back some memories and tasted balanced. This time I had to get lunch in order and I lucked out going around 4pm. ... not  much of a hustle and bustle. I sat with my Wide Eye and soy  and came upon a burger that called my name..... ARROGANT BASTARD BURGER.... I did it and it was as big as my hand but they don't over load u with fries or whatever sides.... who needs it? just a pickle and ur prayers.    Taste was amazing and sauce was silly good... I was laughing and left proud and looking forward to writing this. When I think of burgers this will be one of top three in AZ.
5	The new ownership is doing a great job! We sat at the bar, our server Ryan was awesome. He recommended a couple of coffee drinks that were very good as was the food and the service. You must try the wild berry pancakes.
5	Our entire experience was phenomenal!  The Monkey cakes are delicious and the Mexican Chocolate Latte is soooo yummy!  Alexa our server was kind and attentive.  Will be back!
4	My sister and I ate here exactly a month ago. It is under new ownership and is SO MUCH BETTER! The old owners were rude and service was very sloppy and bad. My sister and I each ordered the same item- egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. My sister had coffee and I ordered a mocha to go right after we paid. The staff was friendly. The food was very good. We will be coming back again to try other menu items. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars was because. I ordered the mocha to go after we finished our meal. It took 20 minutes for them to prepare and bring me the mocha. I did not know that it seriously would take someone that long to make a mocha! Starbucks makes a mocha when u go through the drive thru in less than 4 minutes..........
3	The Mexican hot chocolate was great as were the chocolate chip pancakes.  The Green Fennel was pretty bland and didn't live up to the hype.  This place is definitely solid, and I'll be back.  However, the slow service gives me pause.  The bartender freaked out about every 10 minutes to her servers about how overwhelmed she was, but the woman running the place was excellent.  She was really on top of it.  I might just be impatient because I'm from Boston, but service was just a little too slow for me especially when you're accustomed to faster breakfast service.  Orange table is solid in pretty much all aspects, but it just doesn't blow you away in any either.
4	the food is delicious and fresh!
5	Ok so this place definitely deserves 5 stars.  Been here a about 4 times now and have had multiple things on the menu.  They are known for their Jalepeno pancakes, which are excellent, however I would recommend sharing them with someone as they are VERY rich and filling.  A whole plate of them would likely push you over the edge if you are already teetering on type 2 diabetes.  The corn beef hash is also excellent, and probably my favorite here.  The fabulous coffee and friendly wait staff we have always encountered here is what seperates a great local business and chain restaraunts.  We'll be back.
5	While in town I was told to go to Breakfast place on Sunday morning where I could get a Chicago caliber brunch. I was sent to a place on super busy Scottsdale rd where I had to wait outside in the AZ heat in what I named the "Hangover Pen". I waited as long as I could stand before I had to whip out the Android and look for another suggestion. I was directed to Orange just around the corner in the art plaza. What a relief, i t was calm and peaceful over there and despite being busy I was seated very quickly. After finishing my Green Flannel, I was sold. I don't give a lot of 5 star reviews but this place just did it for me. Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.
4	Let me start by saying this place is REALLY hard to find! Even with my trusty GPS I found myself walking in circles and calling, calling,calling. I've seen many complaints about service on here, and while my service was not BAD in terms of inattentiveness, it certainly wasn't normal. The waiter and manager both came over several times while we were eating and at one point I just wanted to say, "Um, can we eat? Please? It's great...I assure you. Skidaddle."We had the Wildberry Pancakes with a side of fruit. Everything was good but for what we got, I consider the price steep. $12.50 for 2 pancakes?? Yes, they were good, but why not 3 with a little more topping? My $4 side of fruit was 3 orange slices and maybe 1/4 cup of apples. Lame. It's good but I'm not sure if I would return, at least on a day when I was really hungry.
5	Here's the deal. I said I was done with OT, but a friend told me the management had changed and it was worth another shot. My friend was right.Everything I had a problem with before was remedied. I went in unannounced, didn't tell anyone about a previous bad experience, and I was given some of the best service I've received in town. When we went in, we were sat quickly and tended to very well for our entire visit.No texting employees, no indifferent waitstaff. The chef was in the food window expediting food, making sure it went out promptly and correctly. Not only was our server attentive, but there was a team service atmosphere and other servers came by our table when we had empty drinks, debris on the table, etc. The decor has been refreshed, and although I didn't dislike the decor originally, it is definitely an upgrade as well. Now its much cleaner, but still maintains the character that was part of its charm before. Props to the new management. Well done. I'll be back.PS - forgot to order side syrup. Curious to see if they still charge $2.
5	Great breakfast in a beautiful area of old town. Their coffee bar is very nice, service was spot on, and the corned beef hash tasted just like my dad used to make it! The chef was walking through the restaurant frequently to talk to patrons. I can't wait to go back.
5	I love this place... food is amazing. Perfect stop when your out beach cruisin the town!!Must absolutely try the Coffee Soda!!
5	I visited Orange Table with my husband and another couple for Sunday brunch. It was a holiday weekend and the place was packed! Nice outdoor patio with misters for the heat! All four of us agreed the food was excellent! We had the greek omletts , tasty Bloody Marys, French Press coffee, and one had a tuna sandwich. All dee-licious! We will definitely come back.
4	Ok, so the take on this place for the last few years is: the food is great, it takes forever and the service sucks.  Well a few months back there was a management change and I am here to tell you it's all great now,  I was here last Saturday with the Smunch group.  Chef Elizabeth is active in both the kitchen and the front of the house.  The place was packed most of the time we were there and the two wait staff and the busser who also delivered food were running the whole time.  Our waiter knew the entire menu and what could be substituted/changed and what the price differential would be.  Chef Elizabeth visited our table several times and even took a picture of one of our tables and posted it on Twitter while we were still there.I chose the white flannel hash and it was delicious. And the over easy eggs were perfect and the English muffin I chose was very good.  The only thing was some of the corned beef had a chewy bacon consistency to it.  I expect food cooked from scratch to take about 15-20 minutes depending on the size of the party and I was not disappointed.  The staff took care to see the young ones got food first when it was apparent which foods they were getting.Even though it is an hour drive for me I am real tempted to go back again, soon.
5	PUT THIS ON THE "MUST GO TO" LIST!  After years of amazing food and terrible service, new owner and Chef Elizabeth has brought the service level up to where we always hoped it would be.  And the food continues to be spectacular.  Chef Elizabeth greeted us right as we walked in the door and we were seated almost immediately.  After switching tables (my dining partner MADE me....tres embarrassment!), our server was friendly, took our order promptly, and brought us a hot, delicious brunch that hit the spot.  Chef checked in with us a few times and was very visable during our visit - chatting with customers, cleaning tables, serving food.  I had the veggie omelette, english muffin and potatoes and my partner went for the basic breakfast - scrambled eggs, toast and potatoes.  This was the "test" for him - having never been here before he swore that the true test of a good breakfast place was the basic plate.  He was not disappointed and neither was I.  The meal was perfect.This is a great place for any meal, locally owned and operated and is a hidden gem in Old Town!!  If you've stayed away because of bad service before - go back again - I promise you will love it!
5	This place was amazing!  Thanks again to yelp, we found a place that very clearly rivals (and may even exceed) the AZ Bread Co. in Chandler for killer breakfast.   The coffee house/bistro/bar combo is inventive and will certainly have me coming back for lunch sometime to enjoy a beer or cocktail.There wasn't a bad thing to say about our visit this late morning.  Ryan(?), the server, was amazing, just the right amount of checking in.  He also gave us a brief history about the place and how it was came new management recently, but kept the menu the same (except for the omission of ham last week).The food was delicious and the amount was well worth the price (about $10/person for breakfast).  The red pepper hash was tasty, with a very slight crunch on the bottom and a mouth-watering flavour profile.  The other star of the food was the thick-sliced (homemade?) buttered sourdough bread.The drinks were amazing drip coffee that wasn't so acidic that you suffer heartburn and had a deep, rich flavour that blew most restaurant coffee out of the water.  Also unsweetened apricot iced tea.  Just try it.  As long as you are a fan of bold, well-brewed iced tea the very slight (but unmistakable) tinge of apricot will do nothing but improve the experience, especially on a hot Phoenix summer day!Bottom line, go here, contribute to the local economy and let's turn the Orange Table a Scottsdale classic to be enjoyed for many years to come!
4	The food was great! Cute little place in the mall. It has a great patio, but it's pretty small inside. It's a good place for a mimosa and eggs. Prices were decent, nothing too out of the ordinary. Definitely would come back.
5	OMG....A co-worker recommended Orange Table for their killer Corned Beef hash. It was cooked to perfection and a nice helping of food. My other Buddies had the Omlette & pancakes. Also VERY tasty! The Chef made her way to the table twice to see how the food & service was. Very friendly and professional wait staff, very intuitive. We dined on the patio, which was quite plesent. Coffee extradionaire along with tasty iced tea. (unlimited refills) nice. I will for sure be back and bring in new friends to this hidden GEM. Just a couple doors down from the infamous AZ88.Easy hassle free parking and killer great times. Check it out!!
4	Killer food - We had the Greek omelette and the Jalapeno Pecan pancakes.  Excellent service and fantastic experience, highly recommended!
5	I am in love with this place. I went for brunch on Sunday with three other friends, and we had an amazing meal.First off, I read about the service here. Some said it was lacking. Perhaps I just got lucky, but the service at our table was stellar. The cute waiter was friendly and attentive and funny. We also got a visit from Chef Elizabeth Meinz, who was awesome. So nice to be greeted and chatted up by the chef!I had the wildberry pancakes and thought they were perfect. Nice and tart and light. I generally never finish an order of pancakes, because even if it's a short stack, they wind up too heavy for me. Not these. I almost licked the plate. Also the bacon was just right. Thick and tasty and cooked to perfection.Everyone else at my table had omelets, and everyone raved.The only slight complaint I had was that they turned on the misters right over our table during the meal. But I'd gladly go home a little misted if I get to eat that caliber of brunch!
5	What a transformation. New management.  Excellent food coupled with what is now great service.  Well done!
5	I have not been back here for about a year.  What a mistake to wait that long...  All the food is well above par with creative spins on traditional items that make you wonder why everyone does not make them this way. Delicious and creative food and drink.  Very friendly people and atmosphere.They have a lot of ingredients that you might not see on a menu very often.  For Example.. Chimichurri, kalamata olives, haricot verts, manchego cheese and the way the put them together make for happy mouths.   They have a great selection of veggie options too.  Then there are the drinks...  Wow...The Mexican chocolate latte!!!!  The white sangria!  Ginger Mojito!!  You just have to try it.I cannot wait to go back and try more!
4	I was here for a meeting and pretty much love this place.  The decor is simple and comfortable.  There are pieces of art on the walls that are for sale and were really cool.  A friend of mine stated that she thought they switched them out on a regular basis.Our service was good.  We started with coffee's and water but didn't order any food for a couple of hours.  During this time, my glass was filled up several times and our server asked us on several occasions if there was anything else that she could get for us.  In addition to our server, we were greeted several times by other employees.We ordered lunch but their menu also offers breakfast.  This was tough for me because I heart breakfast.  So, the tough decision was breakfast or lunch.  So I decide lunch.  So then what?  Do I have the american grilled cheese?  Or fresh mozzarella salad?  Or chicken sandwich?  I decide on the proscuitto and mozzarella salad with balsamic vinegarette.  Amazing.  I stopped short of licking the plate clean.  I might have if I wasn't sitting with a group of people.I can't wait to visit for breakfast!
5	Love this place I have been coming here for years and the food has always been fantastic!!  It is small and kinda tucked away in the Scottsdale Civic Center next to a wig shop and The Jewel of the Crown Indian cuisine. They do get crowded for breakfast, and lunch as any good restaurant does.They have great coffee drinks, cocktails, and craft beers. Personal Favs: green chili cheddar burger nom nom nom, garlic mushroom omelet, and the prosciutto melt. Salivating just thinking about it!
4	Amazing! Coffee Amazing! The food was soo good, I went 2 Weekends in a row! I'mDefinitely a fan!
4	The place was hard to find, but well worth it. Had the green flannel hash which was interesting as it had green pepper and jalapenos. All of it worked incredibly well. Wife had monkey pancakes and they were just the right amount of sweet. Friendly and attentive service. Read that management had recently changed, but seems like they have kept up the quality of the place. Will be back for brunch again to try the other various hash dishes.
2	So...in the future, I'm hoping to be able to write a stellar review for this restaurant but that will have to wait. For now, I have to be a bit critical and somewhat bitter due to the fact we didn't even get to eat our Saturday breakfast here. We put our name in to get a table and were told it would be about a 20 minute wait--no problem. We strolled around Civic Center Plaza for a bit and then went back to snag our table. We waited for about 15 minutes before we were helped at all and when our server did come she took our drink orders, brought our beverages and then moved on for another 15 minutes. She came back and apologetically told us that the kitchen was running about 40 minutes late. We had our puppy with us (this place is dog friendly on the patio which is sweet) and we just couldn't justify staying that long. She comped my delicious orange juice which was very kind of her and we promised we would be back. Bummer. I guess the moral of the story is this may not be the place for you if you're in a hurry or have a hyperactive puppy in your midst. Hopefully I'll have better things to say next time around!
4	I am happy to report that I was able to eat breakfast here recently and it was a great experience. Our server was great and compared to other reviews, I felt the service was fairly quick. We were initially told that there was a ten minute wait and ended up waiting for about 25-30 minutes...certainly not a deal breaker. Our food was wonderful. We split an order of french toast and the garlic mushroom scramble. Both were delicious but I could go on and on about the scramble...the sauce on it was savory, rich and the perfect topping for eggs. My orange juice was not that great this time--it was pretty sour but that could be a fluke because the last time we were here my OJ was superb and definitely worth the money. As I said before, a big draw to this restaurant for us is the fact that they are dog friendly. Even on a chilly morning, the patio (equipped with heat lamps) makes for a fun family outing with our pooch.
5	I traveled to Scottsdale for our annual company holiday and this time I wanted a really good brunch place. My fiance found Orange Table and decided this place was interesting and got great reviews. The location is weird, it's located at a "mall" but looks more like a business complex to me. Sorta hard to find if you don't know your way around, but everything is decked out in orange here so just keep an eye out. That and it's packed. Rightfully so.They make their own juice here.There are 6 different corned beef hash plates...The green flannel was delicious. It's super spicy though. Lots of jalapenos..The steak and eggs was the most legit steak and eggs I've had to date. The steak was cooked perfectly. and the chimichurri sauce was money.Get the olive bread. and eat it with everything.Very good bloody mary and pineapple champagne. Smells like pineapple but taste only like champagne :)The customer service gets this place to a solid 5 stars. Super helpful, accommodating and even hailed a cab for us.
1	This place used to be so great. Not anymore... Terrible the last 3 times I've been in! So sad.
4	This is not the kind of place you see from the street - it's tucked away in a small complex. But not terribly hard to find - just find your way to the parking garage and it's just a few doors down.I ordered the "Hatch" omelette, and it was very good. Chicken cooked perfectly, just a tiny bit charred, along with onions and green chilis. Add a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice, and it makes an excellent breakfast.
4	A definite four stars, the focus on fresh food and a great breakfast has build a strong following at this destination location in Scottsdale Civic Center. now that i think about it how can i not give this place a 5 stars theirs way to much creativity and freshnewssness in the fruit, veg and the nectar of the gods, Coffee, all packed into one nice bright orange place.  Old Town has a few breakfast spots but this is one you have to find.  can i say I hope to see this as a Scottsdale yelp "hidden gem."As for my last meal I had the prosciutto melt and it went past expectations, the fresh basil really added the extra taste.  Service was ok, a typical cafe style, the restaurant does not seek to be over pertinacious, the look is clean and the cafe is a really nice touch with options to order and go.   So many Little restaurants like this keeps me looking for the next one.  Don't forget for later in the night AZ 88 is just down a few steps.  Happy breakfast,KevinPS there seems to be some kind of yelp trend, does a hand full of yelps make a difference in a restaurant, does that have a yelp definition when this happens.
5	Went in this morning for breakfast with my husband and daughter. Glad we arrive before 10 am because the restaurant filled up pretty quickly after that time. I had the green flannel hash -- Amazing. A terrific portion and super tasty. The dollop of sour cream is perfect to cool the spice of the jalapenos.  I don't generally order a more savory meal for breakfast, generally preferring french toast or pancakes, but the green flannel hash is a must have at Orange Table.My daughter enjoyed her pancake, scrambled eggs and a slice of bacon.  Just the right size for a hungry nine-year-old. She ate her entire meal.  I snagged a bit of her bacon and it was awesome! Thick cut and cooked to perfection.  She also had a hot chocolate.  No thin, out-of-a-machine beverage-- the real deal with chocolate and whole milk.  An indulgence!My husband loved his garlic and mushroom omelet. He asked to have spinach added to which our waiter replied, "Sure. No problem!" His omelet arrived with a really nice helping of spinach included.  My husband replied that he's not always a fan of omelets but he wanted to give this one a try.  It was cooked to perfection-- not too thick and eggy but a nice, three-egg portion, not overdone in any way.  The mushroom sherry sauce on top was a great touch.We both had sourdough toast which was incredible! Our meal kept us going through a long busy day of shopping and errands.Can hardly wait to go back!
5	The fiancee and I spent a long weekend in the Phoenix area and found this place on Yelp.  One of our goals while in AZ was to sample as much of the local cuisine as we could, but we ended up going to Orange Table twice we were that impressed the first time.Great, fresh items.  Some unique spins on classic items.  Excellent coffee, great service and a wonderful trendy vibe (without all the pretention).The outside patio area which is dog friendly (though sadly our dog did not make the cross-country trip but it was great to see locals out with their pups).Highly recommended.  Next time we get back to the Pheonix area we will be back.
4	Came for the coffee but was enticed and thrilled by the breakfast. On my espresso quest I pulled this place up and decided to ride our bikes from the hotel 5-ish miles away. Pretty straightforward until you try to find them within the shopping center....if you saw a grown woman and two kids riding around the sidewalks on cruisers that was us...sorry about that!The cappuccino was good - nice and hot - but not as flavorful as I would have liked. I'm repeating myself with my coffee reviews right now but I need to figure out how to get a higher espresso to milk ratio without having to order a quad shot (which I'm not above doing on a challenging day, by the way). Let me tell you about the pecan french toast though - unbelievably good! Pancakes that were ordered by the kids were also fantastic - although I highly recommend splitting one order for two kids (mine are in 6th and 7th grade so they're not munchkins and they could each barely eat all of one of the two served on the plate!). Sadly I had no problem finishing my french toast.Service was wonderful - sat out on the patio where they lit the heater for us and were there any time we even thought of wanting something.Definitely will be back when we're back in town.
5	I dined at Orange Table on a friday morning after my ASU graduation with a group of 10. The hostess put a bunch of tables together outside and turned on a few heat lamps which we had asked for. Everything was absolutely perfect. Our waitress (i completely forgot her name) was friendly, knowledgable about the menu, and extremely patient with my large group of indecisive family and friends. We all ordered a round of mimosas and bloody marys along with some cappucinos and peppermint mochas (which are amazing). I know they all must have been a pain in the butt to make, but everything was great. The food was unique and in large portions which was perfect for sharing with everyone. I had the breakfast sandwich and my boyfriend had the french toast. Both were simple but very well done. My mom had the bananas foster french toast which was almost dessert-like but delicious. Our server was extremely attentive throughout the whole meal and even brought me a celebratory bloody mary! Absolutely loved this place!
4	Came in for breakfast after reading all the + reviews and I have to say, I was not disappointed. I had the white flannel and it was DELISH, I ate almost all of it!! I also had the hot chocolate, it was perfect on a chilly morning.My friend had the berry pancakes, I tried them with the special syrup they bring and they were very tasty, I might try them for myself next time we go.Yes, it is hard to find, but well worth the frustration of getting there, I shall return!!
2	After looking for this restaurant for 20 minutes and calling for directions twice we finally located this establishment basically its next to jewel of the crown Indian restaurant . We met some friends there for breakfast the good part of this experience was the veggie hash I had was good all though I ordered it with two poached eggs  which came hard as rocks I think all in all the food was good but it took a good 45 minutes to get it and our friend couldn't seem to get a coffee refill the whole time we waited even though the other waitperson was with in steps I flagged her over but she would not go out of her section to fill the cup .
4	Green flannel hash. Subbed out green peppers with spinach, topped with two perfectly cooked eggs. Amazing olive bread toast with raspberry jelly. This gives Matt's Big Breakfast some competition, at least they are in two different cities. I can be breakfast happy in both places.Service is great, it was perfect for a mid week breakfast meeting.
4	After hearing Orange Table had gotten their service issues corrected, I had to judge for myself.It's TRUE!!!!!!!!  Things were a little slow in the beginning, so I was worried.  But once our server did make it to us, things were pretty good.  Food did not take nearly as long as it used to, and wait for this.......................................................................................our server was PLEASANT!  I know, like night and day.Welcome back to my life OT!
5	Great breakfast place located in old town Scottsdale.  Owner is a former Chicagoian great, fresh food !
3	I think I put Orange Table on a pedestal.  After reading about it in Phoenix Magazine and reading my friends reviews, I thought this would be a great place for brunch.  I like the location on Scottsdale Mall and the atmosphere of the restaurant.  I thought it was a good place to just hang out and chill with your significant other or a group of friends.Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I were underwhelmed by the food.  I really, really wanted to five star like this place, but it just wasn't in the cards.  I got a traditional meal of eggs, toast, potatoes and prosciutto.  The prosciutto was overcooked.  Honestly, prosciutto shouldn't be cooked.  It's cured ham, it taste fine not cooked.  I guess I didn't realize come out cooked, because I'm use to not having it cooked. Additionally, my boyfriend got the MonkeyCakes and he was really disappointed.  I tried a bite and he was right, there was no taste to it.  :(I've only been to Orange Table once and I will give it another try one day.  I did peek at their sandwiches and they looked good.  I might come back and to give that a try.  This might be a great place for lunch.
5	As good as it gets! Mind you I'm in the restaurant breakfast business - I thought I had tried everything. Well, surprise: "Jalapeno walnut pancakes" wow! Everything else about the place from the music, the service, and all the four items I tried were top notch! Bravo!
5	I have been going to Orange Table for Saturday breakfast now for over four years. It is recently under new ownership, but the quality of food has not changed. In fact, the overall experience might be better! The food is OUTSTANDING. High-quality, local, seasonal ingredients and all prepared consistently every time. I love the banana nut pancakes and the Greek omelet.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu though.  We recently tried the Hatch omelet and it was fantastic - chicken, hatch chilies, onions, and Manchego cheese. Excellent!  I also recommend their coffee drinks - they have a great mocha.   In addition, their selection of small brewery beers and mixed drinks is fantastic.  It is really the perfect breakfast place now that they have added highchairs (hurrah!) and offers wonderful food with the option of alcohol for breakfast!
5	Fun atmosphere. Great menu.
5	Best french press coffee I've found in town. I dig the atmosphere, good music, cool staff. Really good hidden gem.
4	We walked right in with no wait and got two seats at the far end of the bar. We were waited on almost immediately and decided on a celebratory round of cocktails. We were post Camelback hike and two very hungry guys.  I had a vodka cran splash of pineapple and greyhound. They were very refreshing. We both ordered the Green Flannel Hash and I added an order a side of pancakes and bacon. It was a huge meal and very very good. My hash was loaded with jalapenos which I was teased because I ended up picking half of them out. Embarrassingly I have to admit, it was a smidge too spicy for me and I may never hear the end of it either. Although our server was very timely, the arrival of our meals was just a little long but it wasn't a problem because we struck up a great conversation with two gals that were visiting Scottsdale and we talked about places to dine, visit and enjoy and it made the wait hardly noticeable.From reading other reviews it appears service and expediting have been major issues. But we really didn't experience that during our visit. Thankfully!  The food was great.
3	I yelped this place and ordered what most of the stuff that people had recommended so I was not disappointed with the food, but the service is not good at-all. People are sweet but they do not manage the orders well.I went here for a Saturday brunch with friends. After a short wait of 15 minutes, we were seated on one of the tiny tables. I liked it coz it reminded me of san fran restaurants. We waited for 15 minutes til  some one came to take our order. (It's ok,it was a busy day.) We ordered our stuff with minor changes in the menu offerings. Cappuccino to start with and water on the side. After 30 minutes of waiting, we confirmed if the nice lady had taken our order or if she forgot. She apologized that she had forgotten but our food will be on the way soon.I was really hungry by then, thank goodness the coffee came and gulped it all down real fast, wait, it was not hot enough. But I would not complain cz it was filling at least till the time our food showed up. (Hey!) The changes that we made to the stuff on the menu were not taken care of like no-cheese, rye instead of sourdough etc. (C'mon!!) We told our server and she said we could start eating and she wil bring in another order of  the eggs (no-egg yellows) and extra bread. (Seriously?Whatever!!) I had started eating so by the time the egg-whites omelet came, i was full. I took them to-go.The food was good so I was not angry till we were gonna pay, hence the 20% tip.Learning: The service is not good, food id better than a lot of places in Scotttsdale/Phx area. But if you are looking for a good-food place that does not keep you waiting, this is not what you want to pick.
4	Just a warning, if you want to be seated quickly and get great customer service, do NOT come on a Saturday morning during the opening of Spring Training. We waited for 45 minutes (by choice obviously) then were seated in a couch area that was very difficult to eat at because the couches were so low and deep, FINALLY got a waiter to come and then waited for what seemed like days for our food.Having said all of that, our food must have been damn good to still reap a 4 star rating, and that it was! Our table of 5 enjoyed everything that was ordered and I was especially fond of the veggie hash I ordered. It was more like sauteed vegetables since they were so chunky, but heavenly nonetheless. By the looks of the plates around us, the pancakes are pretty popular here, but I'm not a pancake kind of girl. I prefer savory over sweet and they have a pretty eclectic menu to serve both tastes.As for the vibe in the place it was great! Any place that has hippy memorabilia in a more modern space is my kind of hangout. Two thumbs up to the Jerry Garcia artwork in the back!!  Remember this place was seriously busy so it was very loud but I would come back in a heartbeat if it wasn't too too busy. I would highly recommend coming on a down day to grab a cup of joe and sit on their beautiful patio enjoying the warm Phoenix sun!
5	Once again a fabulous breakfast! Green flannel was amazing and my friend got the veggie hash which she said was delicious! While there is A wait, order a Bloody Mary (or a delirium which my friend said was light and crispy) and take in the great patrons! We sat at the bar which was fun and had the best service! Oooh, and don't forget the olive bread with whatever you order; it's so yummy! Great service and great food!
1	Since the new owners took over, the service has been improving each time I visit. Today was the exception. I always go on the weekend, and the wait is no surprise. The issue was not the wait, or the food or my server (the young blonde with glasses was phenomenal). The issue was the etiquette of the manager, the new middle-aged female hostess, and the mid-late thirties blonde male server.  In a straw hat (WHY?), the manager was bothering tables, interrupting mid-bite, or just after a server had checked on them. She wasn't managing anything. The HOSTESS was pleasant, but unaware of the awkwardness she caused by pre-seating two parties at tables with one less chair than people, leaving them in disbelief while she struggled to get around them to bring them the missing chair. When she took us to our table, she stopped in front of the counter as the SA finished bussing the table, causing a traffic jam for the servers on their way to the patio with a tray full of drinks. She turned to me and said "Doesn't it seem that they go slower when you need them to go fast?" I would rather wait the extra minute, on the patio, away from the runway, than be in that position. I'm sure the other parties would prefer waiting a minute while preparations were completed rather than being seated at a table that wasn't ready, subsequently being put into an awkward musical chairs of sorts.The OVERCROWDED dining room was a spectacle. The tall mid-late thirties male server hurried from the kitchen, chewing and looking desperate for food, and walking straight into another server carrying plates to one of his tables. I heard and saw him snap his finger and say "OHHH SHIT" as he rushed to the table to ask the guest if sour cream was okay. He obviously didn't' remember till the last second, and at a 45 minute wait/plate time, the guest said it was okay. All the while the hostess meandered through the dining area, getting in others' way and looking dazed and out of place... This place is good, but they really need to filter and train their help before throwing them into the weekend rush.
4	So glad we stumbled upon this place last weekend!  We were originally heading to R&R but the wait was so long, we couldn't do it!The wait was a bit long, but totally worth it - I got the eggs benedict and it did not disappoint!  The bloody I got was also really good.  I definitely recommend this spot and, next time I'm in Scottsdale, will be back!
2	I have to agree with some of the other reviews about this place. The food is pretty good but the service is not so hot.We were there during spring training and the place was packed. I didn't mind the wait for the table, but it was about half an hour before anyone took our order, and then about 45 minutes before we got our food. Yes, the food is good but it really doesn't take 45 minutes to make pancakes and eggs, no matter how busy the place is. By the time we got our food, we had about 15 minutes before first pitch at Scottsdale Stadium so we ate in about 10 minutes, paid the check while we were eating, and ran down to the stadium. Maybe if we had time to enjoy the food, it would have made up for it and I would have given them a better score.I will say though, all the people working there were really friendly. They all had smiles on their faces and genuinely seemed to like working there, which I appreciated. Just don't know why they were so slow.
2	Drinks were good, but our food service was very lethargic. Our food took 46 minutes to arrive, and when it did my meal was under cooked. All this while the tables surrounding were served and cleared. Quill not bed back for food service until something changes. Maybe we jiffy caught the kitchen at a bad time and a server who just did not care to provide quality assistance to a stranded table.
4	Just found out about this place. Went for a Sunday brunch with a couple friends and a toddler. Good food, a bit limited breakfast selection, their on line menu had more options, but we had been waiting so long to just get our drink order we didn't waste more time asking questions. I had the red flannel hash, and it was a big portion and very tasty. Not greasy spoon style at all, which was nice. The place isn't very kid friendly, even though there were TONS of families there. No kid activities, no kid menus. This place seemed to be a popular breakfast spot so they should really address the common complaint of slow service but staffing more waiters or cooks to remedy the situation. We were seated a little after 11pm and did not receive our food until 5 after 12. Three breakfast plates should NOT take that long to make. So either go on less crowded days and times, or just don't show up hungry. But the generous ratio of champagne to OJ in their mimosas helps makes the time pass. :)
4	Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting. Really blown away by how attentive our server was. I had the melange with eggs over medium done to perfection. The sleeper has awoken!
5	The food here is very good. I ordered the monkey cakes and figured there would be bananas and almonds on top of pancakes. To my surprise the bananas and almonds were actually baked into the pancakes. The same for the fruit cakes my husband got. Super cute place and nice atmosphere. However, the service wasn't great, but the food made up for it. The other waiters seemed to be good, but our specific one just kind of sucked.
5	Had breakfast there this morning.  Under new management.  The staff is now much faster and on the ball and on top of it.  Very friendly and fast.   I had perfect poached eggs and super yummy wheat toast.  Coffee still delicious as always.  The girls had fantastic strawberry pancakes (i prefer the bannana ones).Fresh layout and lighter paint job.If they want perfection....they would do some acoustic treatment to the ceiling to knock down the sound level.  Someone threw some dishes in a bin behind the counter and the lady sitting nearby just about jumped out of her chair.
4	Love the food, but the last few times the service has been pretty slow.  They get super packed for brunch on the weekends, which is usually when my friends & I go.  I love their bloody marys, their pancakes (the banana monkey one is delish), their sandwiches (I think I got a new ahi tuna one recently), on and on.  My only complaint is when they get really busy they still only have a few people working and things move very slowlyyyy.
5	kinda hard to find since we aren't familiar with scottsdale, but worth the driving around aimlessly looking for the place!delicious food.  yummy coffee.  friendly waitstaff.  nice people to chat with at the next table.redirect your misters and you got it made!
3	Food makes up for the horrible service.
5	This breakfast place was wonderful. They had fresh vegetables for my poached Egg hash and fresh squeezed juices, that made for the perfect breakfast. The wait staff was nice and the outdoor patio was pretty cute. A great relaxed vibe with healthy, organic and fresh items...can't beat that!
5	We went to Orange table for breakfast. This place is wonderful the food is great and the service was top notch. It was a little hard to find not being from Scottsdale but the gps got us really close and then we just asked some nice ladies and the pointed us right to it. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations from the menu. The place was busy and our food was prepared quickly and our drinks never went empty.  We will definitely be going back again for breakfast next time we are in Scottsdale.
4	I like their iced Mexican chocolate latte and bananas foster french toast.  The menage has a small portion.  The service was slow.  This place is in a building behind a parking structure.  It took us awhile to find the place.
3	Went here for breakfast and was not impressed. This place is hard to find because it is in a courtyard of the civic center and there is hardly any signage to be found.Service was non existent, the server took our order and brought out the food. That is it. Had to request all condiments, refills, and even the check.Quality of the food was ok, but mostly cold. Sausage and bacon was good. Tiny portions for the price of what I ordered.The ambiance here is very nice. It is situated in a shady courtyard area and is decorated very trendy and is a hip place to hang out.
5	Really great Pancakes, Burgers, Salads and HASH! Dirty chai is amazzzzzzing and the Moscow Mules are pretty delicious too! Handmade Mozzarella is to die for. Dog friendly and fair priced. I come here a lot and will continue to
5	Orange Table has one of the best breakfast we've come across. . (prosciutto eggs Benedict, green and white hash). . . We will be back to try the rest of the menu!
5	Finally got over here for breakfast on my staycation and mmmmm, I have a new favorite. I'm going to quit work and just eat breakfast at great restaurants every day, who's with me? Occupy Brunch! I had the berry pancakes and my friend had the veggie hash, neither of which sounds all that dramatic but they were both delicious. Mimosas and coffee finished off a perfect meal.
4	Food took a little long but everything came out fantastic.
5	This place is a hidden gem.  Scottsdale's hidden secret; not for long!  From beginning to end was an absolute delight.  Great breakfast choices, not to mention; wonderfully delicious! The breakfast sandwich was an excellent choice, eggs cooked to perfection with your choice of cheese and meat.  If you prefer a lighter fare, the fruit, yogurt and granola is another wonderful choice.  Granola and yogurt infused with honey are homemade.  Spectacular service and awesome ambiance  makes The Orange Table a destination place for breakfast or lunch!  Don't miss out on this gem!!!!
2	I am a big fan of Eggs Benedict and when I saw the pictures online (not how it looks in person anymore)  and read the menu I thought I had found a new favorite.  Not the case. The muffin was soggy (even though I asked it to be more toasted) They changed out the ham for prosciutto which made it way to salty.  There was very little Hollandaise sauce.  My server didn't really seem to care about my experience either.  On the bright side the monkey pancake was awesome. Maybe next time I will just focus on the pancakes, french toast, or eggs and hope to have a better experience.  The monkey pancake was good enough to get me to come back and try the bananas foster french toast.
1	We went here for Mother's Day based on the positive reviews and had a pleasant experience.  Good food, good service, good ambiance.  We came back here for Father's Day and had a very unpleasant experience; the worst display of management I have ever encountered!  Apparently our order was never put in from the server or there was some sort of "computer malfunction' they claimed, but we waited at the table for 45 minutes after ordering, no food, nothing.  The server obviously recognized the mistake and kept checking in with us and apologized for the unusually long wait, (did I mention the restaurant was half empty, I wonder why!) and she did offer to comp our coffee drinks.  But the infuriating part was when we finally complained to the manager because we could not figure out why the ridiculously long wait, she came over to our table, did not properly introduce herself, sat down and pointed to the man-held computer system and TOLD US we had only been waiting 15 minutes.  Really?!?  You're coming over to tell us how long we have been waiting???  It was so rude and disrespectful, she was trying to argue her point to us which clearly showed that the server did not put in our order immediately which is probably why the server apologized to us umpteen times!!!  It was the most ridiculous display of what NOT to do as a manager.  I have been in management and customer service for over 12 years and this was clearly a Management 101 mistake.  She never apologized or tried to rectify the situation, but when you come out to your customers in fighting mode you really cannot rectify that!  Needless to say, unless this restaurant starts to provide better training to their managers and team members, or hires a new manager, we will NOT be coming back here again.
5	best.breakfast.joint in E. Valley- period!  Between my husband and I we've had just about every breakfast meal they serve - and have never been disappointed.  They do need some help with the mimosas, they use freshly juiced OJ which creates mayhem at the top of their flute glasses, but it's easily solved with a spoon.  I've taken out-of-town guests there for lunch and it's been just as good as our breakfast experience.  Many props to the owner and staff - we love your work!
1	My bud and I have enjoyed the table for years. We had breakfast there today and whatever they have done to their corn beef hash is disappointing and one of the worst breakfast mealsI have ever had. The service is slow and unorganized.
4	Delicious breakfast food that you can tailor to your liking. Laid-back, California cafe feel with friendly servers. The coffee was very good and the server was great at keeping our cups filled.Although all our meals were supposed to come with toast, we substituted it with a single buttermilk pancake. I'm so glad that we did! The pancakes were so good! Practically melted in your mouth.1) White Flannel with green chile was what the server recommended and it was good! (corned beef, white onions, mushrooms, and garlic cooked with potatoes)2) Garlic Mushroom scramble (garlic, shallot, crimini mushrooms, and Swiss covered with garlic mushroom sherry cream sauce, and scallion)3) The Hatch (House roasted green chili, white onion, garlic, chicken, and Manchego cheese)
2	Very limited menu...can't even split egg whites w one regular egg for omelette . Every other breakfast place does it! No kids menu...not even anything remotely kid friendly.  Prices are ridiculous and fruit is extra! Not coming back!
5	We showed up after they stopped serving breakfast but they said we could order off the breakfast menu anyways. Off to a good start! The hard part was deciding what to order. I asked the waiter to lead me in the right direction and he said his favorite was the white flannel. I am a huge fan of corned beef so I ordered that and topped it off with some cheese. My other dining companions ordered monkey cakes and a garlic mushroom omelet. I had a bite of the monkey cakes and they were ok no big deal but the garlic mushroom omelet was awesome. My corned beef has was perfect and I ate all of it! I was really impressed with this restaurant. Orange Table is my new obsession!
3	Great restaurant. Went here for breakfast after a long hike on Camelback, I believe I got a veggie hash. It was pretty good, though nothing stellar. The toasted olive bread it came with (you get a choice, and I chose olive bread), was very good, really enjoyed that. My friend got their jalapeno pecan pancakes, and I had a bight of that, and thought it was pretty amazing. Really liked the contrast of spicy and sweet.Service was good, everyone was friendly and as fast as could be expected for a busy Saturday morning. Atmosphere was nice, and overall the establishment was comfortable, clean and inviting.I would definitely go again, as I would be curious to try some other items on their menu, but at the same time there are other breakfast places I love and would choose to go to. So we'll see.
4	I'm a fan of this place because of the quaint location tucked away in the Scottsdale mall. I ordered the corned beef hash and my gf had the veggie omelet. The hash was amazing as well as the omelet. The service was friendly and prompt. If I had one gripe, it would be that I wish the portions were a little bigger but that's only because the food was excellent. Definitely recommend this spot.
4	Dear Mexican Chocolate Latte,I am not usally the kind of girl that wakes up with your type.  I am a straight-up no nonsense coffee girl that if it's not just freshly brewed, I may take it latte with a little milk.  I don't do the sweet type.  No syrupy, foamy, blended concoctions for me.  You however, are different.  Just a hint of sweet, but oh the complexity of the rich cocoa flavor mixed in with the warm cinnamon and generous vanilla.  Even through all that the expresso is there, shining through. The smell is intoxicating, but the taste is what keeps your hands firmly around the mug until the last drop.  I'll be back again...for you.  Sincerely Yours.
5	This place deserves 6 stars (seriously)!  Let me start off by saying I am a HUGE breakfast fan.  Always have been, always will be.  Trust me when I tell you this place deserves 6+ stars from the food alone, but it doesn't stop there!  My order:  Red Flannel Hash - if you like beets you have to try this, it is superb.  If you are not a fan of beets (my girlfriend is not and she still loved it) don't worry, there are at least 5 other Hash / Flannel options to choose from and they all sound amazing.  I am coming back every weekend until I try them all and curb my Homemade Corned Beef Hash Fix!!!GF's order:  Standard Bacon, Egg, Potato combo - Eggs: Cooked to pefection.  Bacon: also cooked to perfection with a very nice smoke to it.  Potatos:  Best I have ever had by far!BTW, the breads that come with each plate are outstanding (I recommend the olive bread)At the end of our breakfast I told my date it was the best I had ever had.  She looked shocked to hear that coming from me (critical breakfast guy)!I know most people are on here to hear about the food.  But I must say the service was also top notch!  The owner was there working up a sweat as he ran around and when he heard us raving about the food, he brought out a french toast plate called "Bananas Foster".  Once again, Best Damn French Toast I Have Ever Eaten!Side Note:  this place is a little hard to find the first time you visit, but once you find it you won't ever have trouble finding it again!  (It's in the Scottsdale Civic Center)...
2	The food here is very good.  Unfortunately, I had very poor service during my last visit.  When I complained to the manager, he made excuses and was disrespectful.  My husband and I are locals and had frequented this restaurant in the past.  But, with so many good choices in our area, we would prefer to spend our money at merchants who care about earning our business and our dollars.
5	Great time today with friends for breakfast at the Orange Table.  Omlettes, French Toast, Bacon, Egg Sandwich, Scrambled Eggs, you name it, we liked it all!  We sat out on the patio because we all brought dogs.  They greeted us with dog water bowls and made the dogs feel very welcome on their nice shady patio.  We will definitely be back.
5	I had the Mexican Chocolate latte and the Veggie Hash.  When you're traveling and want unique food, it's often difficult to get the right servings of vegetables.  Nearly impossible for breakfast, but this place does an amazing job with it's veggie hash. It's a veggie dish with beets, green beans...well just look at the menu :D  It was amazing.  The eggs were perfect, and it looked like they made their own english muffins, or ordered them from a bakery, or something.  They definitely were store bought.  I also got the sMoCA mocha to go.  It was also very good.  I'm going to have a difficult time considering another place tomorrow. It's slightly off the beaten path, but it's worth the find.  If you're driving it's right next to the parking garage.
4	I went for Sunday brunch with my sis, but instead of ordering "brunchesque"-type food, I ordered a burger, because it just sounded so good. It had cheddar, chiles, and a bunch of other good stuff on it. *obviously, I should have written my review a few weeks ago, after visiting this establishment*The service was very good, though a bit slow, but that's not something that bothers me when a waiter is busy and friendly. Our server recommended fine cocktails and told us about a beer on special that I loved (photo posted).It was an extremely hot and humid day on my visit, but the a/c was cranked low, and we sat on the comfortable sofas (with tables between) and enjoyed the ambience.My only complaint is that I ordered a medium-well burger, and received what I believe to be a medium-rare/medium burger. I get a bit queasy when meat leaves a puddle of pinkish blood on the plate.I will definitely return and try other options on their menu. This place just has a good comfy feel about it.
5	Prior to coming here, I wasn't sure what a flannel was.  But I know.  It's delicious.Got the green flannel, which had a bit of a kick due to the peppers.  I really enjoy the flannel style of hash.  Would love to try the other colored hashes that they have (white, red) if I get the chance.
4	Orange table is by far one of my favorite breakfast spots in town. My go to: The Egg Sandwhich.  It is comprised of thick slices of homemade local sourdough bread, fried egg,cheddar and of course bacon. It is literally the best breakfast Sandwhich I've ever had. I've tried other things too - pancakes are amazing. I do not think you can go wrong here. The mimosas are fabulous with fresh squeezed OJ, and I also the Mexican chocolate latte. Wow. I could go on and on all day. The only, and I mean only, downside is the service. It tends to be slower - kind of the coffee shop nature of the business BUT, as long as you're down to hang out (and can stand a little bit of a wait) then, you are in for a treat.
5	Overall very good place! I love breakfast and this place is a great choice! Service was fast and quality food. Met the owner as well and a very nice man! Will be here again and spreading the word about Orange Table..
4	Great place to grab some good food and conversation.  Great Service, Good but not great food and awesome Mexican Latte's!  I really enjoy the decor and the couch's that act as booths I recommend this place to friends and family who come into town and if I'm around, I def join them for breakfast and coffee!
4	If you can find it, you were meant to eat here. Tucked away in the Scottsdale mall (aka outdoor plaza) is low-key, friendly, and delicious breakfast. We had the corn beef hash with spciy jalapenos and the buttermilk pancakes (tasted almost like sweet delicate crumpets). Everything was amazing and service was professional but easy going. They are VERY dog friendly on the patio, which I personally don't get but people seemed happy to have their pooches with them.And, the espresso was the best we had since leaving Sedona. YUM!
5	Hands down the BESt pancakes in the valley! Monkey pancakes and yes the jalapeno pecan pancakes are both outstanding. Can't remember the name of the coffee I tried but it had an orange, chocolatey  essence and it was amazing. Worth looking for!!!
4	I visited The Orange Table for lunch mid-summer with a client and overall was pleased. Finding it is nearly impossible, we walked around for quite a while. So we were hot and famished when we finally got there!We both ordered the chicken salad sandwich (I ordered mine without bread- so a salad). It was definitely not your typical chicken salad. It had a bit of a kick to it but I really liked it. It was just surprising but I would certainly go back and order it again. My client also liked hers.My only complaint was the seating. We sat at one table and it was lopsided so we switched tables and that one was the same way. You know when you stick napkins under one leg? Yeah, like that. We just stuck it out but it's definitely something they could pay closer attention to.I also ordered a latte on the way out which was delicious and the service was fast as well.
4	I have been wanting to check this place out for years, but I wanted it to be a stress free brunch.  This Sunday we had a sitter come in early and we headed to Old Town.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table outside, which is ok considering it is such a popular place.  While we waited, we purchased two Halloween cupcakes for the twins (they were not really great, no one ate them).  On the other side, breakfast was delicious. I started with the morning glory cocktail, bubbly, pineapple juice and cointreau.  It is a generous size, so I had to switch to a mimosa for my second one (good thing I was not driving).  I had the Menage with monkey cakes, wow the best pancake I have ever had.  The banana and coconut combination was so delicious,  I requested it without almonds (I don't have any allergies, I just didn't feel like having almonds).  Ryan was our server and he was very efficient and friendly.  My hubby had the green Flannel and a couple of different coffee drinks.  He loved his breakfast too.  Next time we will bring the twins.
3	I'm sorry.  Yes, the food here is great.  Yes, they have a great patio.  Yes, they have good drinks.  But everyyyy singleeee timeeee someone in my breakfast crew throws Orange Table in the hat, I have to check my natural reaction to groan out loud. I usually use that time to throw up a quick prayer that they actually meant LGO and got confused by all the orange names. So why why whyyyyy, when it's so tasty and so cute, do I hate going here you ask?  The service.  The slow-as-molasses-on-a-glacier service.  Don't get me wrong, I understand how some things are just going to take longer if you are at a prime spot, in prime time.  However Scottsdale's puzzling lack of caliber breakfast spots (you either get the taste or the look, not both) has created such an artificial buzz about this "hidden gem" that the problem is beyond the kitchen getting slammed once in awhile.  Then, what does a place do that's fortunate enough to have the right things going for it in such a market bereft of quality brunch choices that it always has a wait do? Well in this case you apparently don't invest in more staff or training.  Maybe that is why there is always a wait.  I can feel my bitterness seeping into this review.Do you know what reallllllly gets to me, is once you've waited ohhhhh appx 30 minutes on average to get a coffee (one time I had to ask 3 times, and that was the time my table was lucky enough to get their drink order taken in the first 10 minutes of sitting down)... you never get a refill; unless you flag someone down like a stage mom at a beauty pageant trying to get their child's attention back on their routine.  Coffee refills are not complicated, especially when you need to keep hungry patrons patiently waiting 45 minutes plus for their food.  Same goes on the bloody mary front... I confess I've ordered two at a time so I don't get that awkward drought in between drinks (maybe that is the common strategy). Then to top it off, on four separate occasions after waiting the length of Rip Van Winkle's nap for my food... it has come out wrong. ie. eggs scrambled v. over hard, sausage instead of bacon, no toast, the wrong hash etc.  Sadly, two of those times I was so hungry I didn't even care and didn't want to wait... again.  Actually, I would have had to first get my real server back to the table to let them know there was an issue, not the poor soul they set up to take the fall when they deliver the food.  Too much effort for a hungry hungover person (see the description involved in getting a coffee refill above for the visual).And I, like an idiot, come back here again... to wait in line and pay for this?  Orange table and its hipster "were so trendy we don't need service" vibe is just too cool for me it seems.Other than that, anything on the menu is great and they use high quality ingredients.  If you have a dog, you will love the patio seating.  I've seen the hostesses get whipped cream for the dogs to snack on while they wait, seems to be a hit.
4	Very good food, the Green Flannel was spectacular, highly recommended.Only downside is it's very noisy in there which keeps it from a full 5-stars.  We would go back, but only sit outside unless the management team installs sound-deadening equipment inside.
5	Great sandwich, great atmosphere.
5	This place definitely rocks.  I am a pancake lover, and this place has the absolute best pancakes I have ever had.  Then for lunch, they have soup, good soup.  It's hard to find good soup in AZ when you are a Chicago Girl.I would recommend this to anyone who is in the old town area or even traveling for a short period of time.  It's part of the Scottsdale Experience
5	Try the Green Flannel. So good and great service staff and environment.
1	We had lunch on the patio, which was completely lacking in charm - no view, no decor, not even a potted plant.  Mom enjoyed her Artisan Tuna Melt, but the Quinoa Salad she ordered never arrived, despite asking both our server and the person who delivered our food to check on it (both promised to check, but neither person ever returned to let us know status of that item).  My sister and I both ordered the Nicoise salad.  Unfortunately, both of our salads were missing 50% of the ingredients they were described on the menu to include.  We appreciated that they comped one salad to make it right, but it was still a sub-par dining experience.  With so many other good dining options nearby, we won't be going back.
4	This is one of my favorite places, especially for breakfast.No one I've gone with has ever had any issues with anything they've ordered. I say that because every time I go to Orange Table I tell myself that I'm going to try something else - I mean everything looks soooo good. But I ALWAYS order the same thing: jalapeno pecan pancakes and prosciutto. I just can't help myself!I also love their drink options. Nothing goes better with the jalapeno pecan pancakes then a Shot in the Dark (shots of espresso and whipped cream vodka in a mug of coffee). The patio is dog friendly and my server always brings Pablo some water ;)
2	I have wanted to try this place for a while now and my sister joined me on a Saturday morning after a visit to the farmer's market.  It seems like a very popular place with the local crowd and those with furry friends so they can join them on the patio.  My niece actually loved petting all of the doggies during our wait.Now onto the food and service.  We sat inside and it was a bit noisy but that was perfect since we had my niece.  They have a really huge menu with omelets/scrambles, pancakes, benedicts, and light items for those watching what they eat.    I am someone that is fine with a wait or slower service if the food is made fresh.  My sister and I decided to split the Greek scramble and wanted to sub the toast for a pancake since we could feed it to my niece.  The server did advise that it was going to be an upcharge but we were ok with that.   We also asked for the tomatoes and pepperoncini to be on the side.  The order was a bit backwards with the olives on the side but they were super busy so I am reasonable and just took out the tomatoes.  It was kinda of small compared to other places we've been but was still tasty.  The pancake was another story.  It was almost like they forgot to put sugar in the mix because it was bland.  The thing that was painful was the charge to change it to a pancake was an extra four bucks.  All in all was that it was just ok.  Maybe it was just a rough day but for the price it was just hard to be excited about our visit.
5	This is my favorite brunch spot in Scottsdale.  UPDATE as of 1/31/13:  This place just gets better and better.  I came here and they were VERY busy.  The manager came by every table and made sure everyone was happy despite the wait.  When the kitchen messed up my girlfriend's order, they rushed out a new order and took it off the bill!  UPDATE as of 1/7/13:  Came here for my anniversary and they set us up at a fire pit, and provided a bouquet of roses in a vase AND a bottle of water FREE of charge.  And after all that, the server was shocked when I gave him a really good tip.  Easily the best customer service I've EVER experienced at a restaurant.  If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.  The Wildberry Pancakes are unbelievable, as are their mimosas and bacon.  In the words of my girlfriend, "we should come here every month for the rest of our lives."
5	By far my favorite breakfast spot to eat in the world! I had a steak sandwich that came with mushrooms for lunch one day. I never used to like mushrooms but this place changed my life on mushrooms forever.  I can never decide what I want to eat because everything sounds so good.  I like how little it is too.  Their specialty drinks are great and have cute names.  There are only a few places I say I absolutely love and can't wait to go back and this is one of them. I've never had a restaurant effect me so much where I develop actual cravings for it. I haven't been back since the summer just because I've been so busy I'm dyin over here!!
5	I can't help it. I've put off writing a review for Orange Table, as it is sure to get lost in the almost 300 other reviews (mostly glowing). But that would be unfair, as my love (and obsession) for this place keeps growing!Oh, how I lament that I didn't know of OT's existence while I lived so close. You know how it is, moving to an entirely new portion of the country and having NO IDEA what is around you. Alas, all the tasty breakfasts and brunches and lunches I missed simply because I didn't know OT was tucked away in it's little corner of the performing arts pavilion. Oh well. I'm making up for lost time now!Some reviews mention slow service. Yes, it can be a little (just a leetle) slow at times, but this place is so popular and busy and I can just deal with it. So can you! If a little slow, service is ALWAYS friendly. I'm not the world's biggest fan of sitting outside, but inside can be semi-ridiculous on the noise scale. That's really my only complaint.The important stuff: The food. We do mostly breakfast, but sometimes lunch FAVORITES!:-The veggie sandwich. It TOWERS! Fresh everything. Avocado! Drool.-The Menage: An egg, any way, a pancake and a choice of breakfasty meat or fruit. It's such a perfect breakfast plate. I'm not sure what happened, but the p'cake has more than doubled in size in the past couple months I've been coming here. NOT COMPLAINING. -Greek omelet: CHUNKS of feta. Kalamatas. Greeky veggies. Omnomyumyums.Boyfriend is partial to the green flannel (Corned beef hash! green chiles!) and once tried the HUMONGOUS burger, which he deemed excellent.Iced coffee is chocolately and delicious. Breakfast cocktails are abundant. Find a sunny spot, in or out, and ENJOY. I'll probably be there.
4	Okay, I understand why this place consistently rates "Best of Phoenix", BUT, there is clearly room for improvement.  I'm going 4 stars because I clearly feel that they under-achieved their potential during my visit.  Negatives--The service here must be improved.  We actually had 2 servers arguing over who would take our table, NEITHER wanting to be bothered.  It was up to the only server over 30 years old to step up and serve the customers....clearly BS.My order was not as advertised; Eggs Benedict and deli ham does NOT equal Eggs Benedict and prosciutto....period.Positives--The 'white flannel' was outstanding, and I expect the 'Flannel series' is worth the trip alone.  My wife actually said "it is the best cappuccino I've had outside of Italy".  Pleasant surprise when I ordered a "Shot in the Dark"; my normal morning coffee drink.  I'm going to leave this one to surprise and delight you as well.On another morning it could have rated 5 stars.  Without those 2 wonderful coffee creations, it could have been 2 stars......good luck!
5	Damn that green flannel is great.  It has corn beef, potatoes, fresh jalapenos, and green peppers.  Even something normally as pedestrian as english muffins are great  (tip, make yourself a flannel english muffin sandwich).   Food is terrific and so are the folks.  My wife has dreams about their monkey cakes which are banana/almond/coconut pancakes.  Our twins consume the heroically large pancakes too.
5	It's a great place. Try the Loki. Mmmmmm. Price is right. You will love it.
4	Orange Table is a regular brunch spot for my husband and I.  We love dining al fresco, so any place that has outdoor seating (regardless of the time of year) is considered just right in our book.  We'd much rather enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather than cram ourselves indoors.  Orange Table is no exception, considering that it can get pretty noisy in the small indoor space, especially when you include families with small children or groups of college kids. We've never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table, inside or out, and the staff have never been anything but cordial to us.  The wait for food has always been minimal, and I haven't had to flag down a server for anything, as they're pretty attentive without being annoying.  I'm in love with their white flannel and eggs benedict, and if I'm looking for motivation for a nap later, you can bet I'll be ordering one of these two delicious items!  I do wish they made more flavorful bloody marys and included more (or any) fixings for them, but I can have brunch without alcohol and still survive, so hot chocolate and arnold palmers work just as well.  All said, it is a great spot to bring family when they visit, and can be very low key if you stop by late on Saturday mornings, or if you make it in before 10 on Sundays.  Brunch isn't meant to be rushed, so take your time and enjoy the morning!
4	Sunday breakfast at 3pm! Yes, I am a fan!If only this place is not hidden in the corner of a building in Civic Center, I'd find it a long time ago! There we are, stopped by at 3pm for a late breakfast, and we enjoyed every bite of our food! -Freshly squeezed orange juice - yes, not from a bottle or a can, you can taste the freshness, so get a large glass! (medium size is the size of the water glass which you'll see once the water is delivered to your table)-Original French Toast - yummy! nothing special but the original! That is all we need!-Banana Nut Pancakes - my fav! pieces of banana and pecans 'hidden' in the puffy pancake top with maple syrup! I paired my pancakes with seared/fried(?) prosciutto, saltiness and sweetness all together! can I come back tomorrow?-Soup of the day - Chili - yes, this cup of chili was spicy!Service was excellent as we were the last table at the restaurant, we did not feel any rush that we need to leave as the clock ticks to 4pm (when they close). One thing I wish our server had said was that the portion is big. Both the French Toast and Pancakes are very big dishes, if you are not so hungry for a huge meal, share your plate!
3	This is one of my favorite neighborhood breakfast spots! It's a solid 3.5 stars with tremendous potential.The atmosphere is my favorite thing about this little gem (aside from the bar!). It has a nice little patio outside where you are welcome to bring your dog. Inside is cozy and bustling. Seating is available at the bar, tables, and one table is equipped with two comfy couches that is great if you have a group that want to chill for a while. Their menu is sure to please everyone, with traditional breakfast plates, unique dishes, a lunch menu, daily pastries and muffins, a full bar with a great beer selection, and the most extensive gourmet coffee list I've seen since I left Seattle.WHAT TO ORDER: This place is unique in that I can't say there is one dish you MUST get, I would say there are a number of small touches that make this place stand out in my book. First off the bacon is delectable--meaty and fatty and perfectly melt in your mouth goodness.. Their Sourdough bread is amazing, I am normally a wheat bread kinda person but I can't pass this up. To go on top of that delicious toast make sure you get some of their raspberry jam. Holy hell I wish I didn't waste most of my toast with that strawberry jam (not that it's bad) the raspberry is just phenomenal. The 2 egg breakfast is good. The Greek omelet is good. The dill quinoa that came on the side of the steak + bleu sandwich was oh SOO good (and I am not even a fan of dill normally). We each had 2 of the Morning Glory mimosas (bubbles, pineapple juice, and Cointreau) and we both left with a good buzz, you definitely get your bang for your buck with this drink!I'M ON THE FENCE ABOUT: the chimichurri steak + eggs. Everything about this dish was fabulous except that my cut of meat was EXTREMELY chewy. I suggest that they use a nicer cut of meat. It was cooked perfectly.CONS/DO NOT ORDER: The traditional French toast. Sourdough doesn't soak up the egg mixture well so when my order arrived, there was a good centimeter of dry bread in the middle of each slice. It's disappointing that this dish even left the kitchen with such a noticeable flaw. Also, so disappointing was the Bloody Mary that our served did a great job talking up. It tasted like cocktail sauce to me. Another disappointment is the fact that this is not a hash brown friendly restaurant. You'd better like your homestyle potatoes b/c you don't have a choice. My boyfriend ordered the steak + bleu sandwich and it was a disaster on a plate. The flavors were there, however the ratio of mushrooms + onions to steak was pathetic. Also, the chef seems to lack the knowledge of letting meat rest before you cut it. By the time the sandwich reached our table the juice had run out of the steak which led to a completely soggy bottom piece of bread and dry steak.Hopefully someone there will read this review and fix a few things. If so I'll be updating my review!Will I go back? Yes. Would I recomend I a friend? Yes.
3	Loved the ambience and the couch was very very comfortable. Our waitress was sweet. Didn't like the pancakes or the sandwich much, but the monaco hash (made vegetarian) was really good. Fun place, but a little expensive for the quality of food.
3	I'd give the food 4 stars but the service a 3. It's worth stopping by if you're in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go too out of my way. The coffee was delicious and the espresso menu was amazing. Unfortunately we waited 30 mins for our food and an additional 10 for mine. On the bright side, they had accidentally added meat to my plate (I'm a vegetarian) and they remade the entire plate without me even asking, hence the extra 10 minutes.Spoiler alert: the tables are not orange
3	I got chimichurri hash and it was average at best. However my dad got the sherry mushroom omelette and it was amazing! Coffee was meh but I'm from Seattle and we have a higher standards. The olive bread was good not great and the service was poor to average.In the end the service is what tipped this from a 4 to a 3 star, shame since the food is pretty good.
4	Friendly service. Tasty breakfast. We shared the corned beef hash and yogurt.  All good!
4	Best grilled fish sandwich I have ever had, very large piece of fish. Great coffee, nice staff.
5	The only thing I don't like is that it closes at 4pm. Burgers, local beer, breakfast, bloodys and mimosas. I've tried it all here and love it. Find yourself in Old Town before 4pm and you won't regret it.
3	Patty, my shepard mix, liked the place ok. It was tucked away in a shopping center and limited in space. There were unusual beer and cocktails available for brunch, but it was not eye popping. Brunch was really good and tasty but a bit expensive.Thanks OJTable.
3	Good food but awful service. Hostess was friendly and the monkey cakes were awesome. Bloody Mary's were really good but it took 30 minutes for our food and thats unreasonable for breakfast.
4	I've had breakfast at the Orange Table many times over the past several years. Of all the breakfast joints in Scottsdale, I feel most at home at the OT. it has a casual atmosphere, friendly service, awesome food, and quick turnaround. When everything is on track, they have The Best Pancakes In Town.  (TBPIT)That said we've had several little incidents. Today, our food was lukewarm and my eggs quite undercooked (I know over-medium is very tricky, but these were partially raw).  When we mentioned the state-of-eggs to our server, he was very kind and said they'd remake them.  They never did.  Today they charged us $2 for extra syrup, yet we've never been charged before.  We don't mind paying extra, but what's the policy? This particular experience was a 3.Another morning, my BF ordered banana pancakes - one of their specialties.  The kitchen, clearly having forgotten the banana part of the order, hid uncooked banana slices underneath his pancake.  That time the server proficiently dealt with the situation and brought us a new, proper serving.  She also discounted our bill.  A third time, I ordered a yogurt parfait where the yogurt was warm - it tasted like it had been sitting in the kitchen for awhile. I mentioned to the server, who again was very understanding and gave me a side of my choice free of charge.Bottom line: the pancakes are melt-in-your-mouth delicious and despite these occasional goofs, the delicious food, excellent service, and convenient location keep us coming back for more.
4	I heard a lot about the Orange Table before I arrived in Scottsdale.  Everyone was saying how great it was and they were right.  I ate at the Orange Table twice during my trip, both for breakfast and it was delicious both times.  Was it the greatest breakfast of all time?! No, but hey, it was pretty darn good if you ask me. I can't speak for their lunch menu but I'm sure it's just as good.  While I heard their selection has narrowed down over the years, it's still got a lot to offer and if/when I'm back in Scottsdale the Orange Table WILL see me again.
3	Orange Table gets a lot of Yelp love for their brunch menu but unfortunately I have only been here for lunch. It is within walking distance of work and reasonably priced so that makes it a great option for a weekday lunch. However, this also means I also haven't tried their yummy sounding cocktails or their selection of craft beer.The salad and sandwiches I have tried have all been yummy. My favorite so far is the grilled cheese but last time we came they were out of the gouda (which is what makes it so good). Actually, they seem to run out of stuff a lot. And the quinoa salad is apparently not offered any longer, even though it is still on the menu, but I keep forgetting this and so I am continually disappointed. The service is also hit or miss and usually a little slow. However, you can't beat a nice meal out on the patio and if you are lucky there will be something going on at the outdoor mall performance space. Last time I was there my coworkers and I got to watch a Native American dance and music show while we enjoyed our meals. Awesome.I look forward to many more lunches here (at least while the weather stays nice) but I wish they would be a little more consistent with their menu offerings and train their servers to be a little more on the ball.
5	food is not bad.  customer service is great.  location flat sucks!
4	Orange Table is one of the best spots for breakfast and lunch in Scottsdale. The omelettes are out of this world as well as the sandwiches. Their selection of craft beers and house-made specialty cocktails complement the food very well, especially their bloody Mary. I found their Flannel dishes to be on the salty side and so far this has been the only negative I've found. The friendly staff, unique to Orange Table and the Old Town Scottsdale scene, are engaging, entertaining, and informative. Orange Table is a truly unique addition to the otherwise competitive breakfast and lunch niches that Old Town is popular for.
4	The manager saw my review of the restaurant and invited me to come back and try again. I went back with a friend to give the restaurant another shot on 12/22/12. Let me tell you it was a totally different experience.  The pancakes were amazing and the manager stopped by to make sure everything was good.I think they just had an off day when I went back in November and I highly recommend this place now.
4	Food is great. The Loki sandwich is amazing!
2	Stopped here two weeks ago as I am always looking for yummy pancakes. These were barely average. I ordered the Mexican Chocolate Latte and It was okay. To me it was lacking something. The one think that wad awesome wad the bacon. For me the bacon and fire pit on the patio are what made this visit not a total waste.
5	The breakfast pancakes are the best I've ever eaten!  Tucked away this small place is packed with folks and I know why.  Not expensive but they use very fresh ingredients and all of the dishes we had were very flavorful.  The owner stopped by our table to see how everything was and was very helpful.  When we visit the area again, we will be sure to return.
5	Awesome flannel, mex coffee and mmm good arrogant burger
5	UPDATE!  This place is still amazing.  My husband and I stopped in for breakfast and I actually had the breakfast.  1.  The pancakes were delicious, I mean, seriously decious.  2. The bacon.  Oh man, the bacon...Fantastic.  It was the best bacon I've ever had in my life.  Really, my life.  How's this possible?  Actually, I don't want to know, I just want more baconMy husband has the chimichurri, steak and eggs.  He loved it.  I loved it, too.  I had to try it and I'm glad I did.  I could kill for another pancake and some bacon.
5	Fantastic food! A group of us went on a Sunday around noon. We waited for a solid 45 minutes but it was worth it. I had one enormous pancake, 2 eggs and prosciutto. Really great food!
5	The Mexican chocolate latte was unlike any I've ever had!! Bacon was amazing and service was awesome.Every time I go I enjoy the food, the service and the overall experience.
5	Really great choices on the menu. Efficient, friendly wait staff, with a cool atmosphere! We stumbled upon it while walking around in Old Scottsdale. Are we glad we did! We will be back tomorrow!
4	My wife and I were vacationing in Scottsdale and wanted a good breakfast place.. saw the yelp reviews and eneded up here....  yes, it is HARD to find, and yes, worth the effort.  Great Bloody Mary's to start the meal, and nice wait staff.  Steak and Eggs for me (great thick cut side of sourdough toast), and the Brunch Burger for my wife...  Food was excellent, and enjoyed our breakfast/brunch at this little hidden gem.
5	OT has become somewhat of a tradition for my leaving town breakfast (I go to the area 7 or 8 times a year on business and usually leave for CA in the am).Usually great coffee, alway great bacon and pancakes!  Overall really good quality food and service.  Really interesting take on bearkfast dishes - if you feel the need for something a little different... The decor is bright and cheery, so it's a great way to prepare for the travel ahead.
2	Screwed up orders and it took over 45 MINUTES to get our food! The waitstaff was actually pretty rude about it and acted like we were asking too much for them to bring our food in less than an hour! I liked my mushroom omelet a lot but with poor service I'd rather just stay home in the future. And to top things off in the end my father's medium burger came out super well done, literally falling apart in dust.
4	A group of came here and the food was amazing. The server was awesome and patient with us, because when the six of us go out, we take a long time and order a lot. Every kind of pancake we shared was delicious, as well as the eggs, bacon, sausage and sandwiches. Great place for a quick brunch/lunch or get together with a location that can't be beat.
1	We went there today and swear will never go again. Poor customer service, coffee was served cold .. We reached there at 11 and got our table at 12:20.. food didnt arrive till 12:40.. my son who is 17 mnths old was too cranky by the time we got food.. not recommended if you have a small kid.. Wait is painful, food is average.. I think iHop is far better than this place.. Disappointed
5	Wow!  Fabulous is an under-rated word to describe it. We put the address in our smartphones and ended up in a parking lot with the restaurant nowhere in sight. We called and Andrew, who answered the phone stayed on the phone the whole time, maneuvering us through parking lots and past shops until we saw the shop.Impressive service.The food was amazing. HUGE portions. Between the four of us, we tried veggie hash, white flannel, banana foster French toast, chimichurri hash and monkey pancake. The pancake was the best I've tasted. I'm not crazy about coconut but you can hardly taste it. And everything else was amazing too. The orange juice was fresh squeezed and tasty. Above all, service was top notch. We asked for hot sauce and they bring out 3 different types gladly. Food came out quickly, drinks were refilled fast. Nothing to complain about.
5	I never write reviews but the service here is worth my first review. We had a hard time finding this place (out of towners) with our GPS so we got out of our car in Old Town and started walking. I called the restaurant and Andrew stayed on the phone to guide us step by step right to the front door!!  Who does that these days when everyone is so busy and rushed???  The food was fantastic!!  Loved the veggie hash and the monkey pancakes.  Lucinda our server was awesome too!  Will definitely come back if we're in town again.
5	10+ times and counting. I love this place. Not being from Arizona, I really miss grass. Orange Table is tucked away without it's own parking, but if you PARK in the right place (by the Saguaro and close to Indian School Road) you will see the best kept grass, trees and gardens in Old Town. The walk through the park alone is worth the trip. Once you get there, depending on the time of day, you may have to wait. Order any of their original coffees, which are all excellent, put your name in and walk around the gardens or browse the art gallery across the way. In my opinion, Orange Table hires based on personality, not necessarily skill or raw talent as a server. Your waiter or waitress will be personable, warm and 100% customer service focused. Give them a break if they make a few minor mistakes. Ask for dish recommendations. As for the food, I've sampled a few different plates, but I cannot go there anymore without ordering the Green Flannel. For me, it is one of those breakfasts I think about during the week; it keeps me coming back on the weekends. Even when I go there intending to eat something else, I still order the Green Flannel. The burgers, melts, omelets, pancakes, and morning cocktails are all phenomenal too. If you haven't been yet, GO.
5	I'm so glad i found this place!! such a cute breakfast/lunch place!! you MUST try one of their pancakes, i tried the monkey cakes and they are so delicious!! yum!we also had garlic mushroom omelet and it was very good but instead of prusciutto  i would have chosen either bacon or sausage. prusciutto was a bit too salty to eat. But! overall, i enjoyed everything we had, i find myself coming back over and over!
4	I had to update my previous review after having visited twice more. I don't know her name but the waitress with the dark hair and horn ear gauges is absolutely awesome! Previously we had really crummy service, but lately we've had great attentive folks. This place is definitely starting to become a family favorite. As always, the food, coffee, and mimosas are fantastic!
5	excellent service this go around! our waitress doted on us and our pooch patio side it made me forget the mediocre service i've had here in the past. coffee, water, and food was all brought out quickly and with a smile. i had the veggie hash this time and was extremely impressed. full of potatoes, beets, olives, coupled with sourdough toast, raspberry jam, and 2 egss, it was filling, but didn't make me feel like i was cheating on my diet. yay for orange table!
5	Orange Table- You are awesome. I love you so much that my boyfriend Dave T. knew that coming here for a romantic brunch on our anniversary would be my perfect day-date. Everytime I come here I always say, this time I'll eat actual breakfast food, alas the Rustler calls to me. I change it up in my own way on olive bread and with sprouts instead of lettuce and it is delicious every single time. I stare at people in disbelief when they say they have never eaten here before. They have no clue the hidden gem they are missing out on. Your location is perfect, the food is excellent, service is always on point and extra friendly. As Dave said in his review, yes I would love to come here at least once a month for the rest of our lives (that means you're going to need to be in business for a reeeeeally long time) and if I could justify the cost, I'd start every one of my weekends off here.
3	In the past,  the service has been a deterrent for me. It seems you always get a side of attitude with your meal. This time was different so maybe things have turned around? Our server was friendly, and although she forgot a few items from our order, there was no attitude in sight when we reminded her. The establishment has a dog-friendly patio, which is always nice, but a lot of other places we bring our dog offer her water, especially on hot summer days. These guys do not.I ordered the minage with two eggs, fruit, and a monkey cake. The monkey cake was the best part! Deliciously packed with coconut and fruit, there's nothing "light" about it. The side of fruit was mediocre and the eggs undercooked. I was curious to try their homemade coffee cake, but was disappointed that it was SO dry. It had a decent flavor but basically crumbled to pieces when my fork touched it. Their coffee is really good. All in all I wish this place had more consistency to it. I want to be able to have good food and good service each time I go, that's the whole reason we eat out right?
4	Items sampled:Pumpkin Spice MuffinsBanana Nut BreadCoffeeHot CocoaBanana Nut Cakes - Bananas, Pecans, MapleJalapeno Pecan Cakes - Jalapenos, Pecans, Jalapeno Pecan Pan SyrupBananas Foster French Toast - Bananas, Pecans, Spicebox Whisky SauceBaconProsciutto CottoNot particularly easy to find, especially with a GPS that leads you anywhere but the front door, Orange Table is a breakfast spot worth looking for in Scottsdale.  Featuring clean lines and an upscale design with light music playing overhead along with service far more pleasant than other hip breakfast joints in the neighborhood, in our case from a young man named Andrew,  the restaurant plays all the right notes of similar places in other big cities and one ups the competition with a menu that is familiar but also happy to take some chances.Beginning first with beverages and baked goods while our primary plates were readied a wide variety of coffees and espresso drinks were prepared and (in the case of the coffee) refilled copiously while the signature Hot Cocoa was rich and thick - almost a drinking chocolate as much as a cocoa and rich enough that my aunt couldn't finish it on her own.  Speaking to the baked goods, while the banana bread could have stood for a few less minutes in the oven the pumpkin spice muffin was dense and moist, hovering somewhere between pumpkin pie and pudding cake as opposed to a muffin or quick bread.Moving on to the plates - in our case two orders of pancakes and one of French Toast - it is difficult to say which dish was the best of the group as all three were excellent, but given my predilection for custard French toast as opposed to more bready versions like that at Orange Table I'd have to lean towards the pancakes, no matter how impressive that whisky sauce was, and with that in mind I'll simply say that unless you are really sensitive to spice the Jalapeno Pecan Cakes are a signature dish worthy of signature status; the cakes toothsome and light with the flavors intense enough to make you sweat but not so hot as to make it unpleasant - particularly when balanced out with the buttery nuts and a side of tender griddled prosciutto.
5	Excellent food! Friendly staff!
4	Really like this little place.  Quaint and a nice patio.  We had the Greek omelet, which was awesome.  The omelet had pepperoncinis and it really added a lot to the dish.  It also included real artisan sourdough toast.  The two egg breakfast with sausage, fruit, and a side berry pancake were also very tasty.  The fruit syrup that came with the pancake was a bit sweet so a little goes a long way.  The coffee selection was nice as well.  The Mexican Mocha and Americano were both awesome.  Would go there just to have a coffee.  Finding it is a little tricky.  It's in the outdoor Scottsdale mall area.  Either go to the Mission and walk around the parking garage, around to the right then left, and enter the mall area from a skinny hallway OR go in the main street entrance to the outdoor mall, lots of nice landscaping, and walk straight thru the small bridges and sidewalks until you get an opportunity to go right and walk all the way around the corner until you see orange tables with umbrellas.  Behind and Indian restaurant.  On the way, there is another place that has orange tables on the left and that's not it.  Anyways, really liked the place.  The service was good.  A little slow at times but nothing major.  Check it out it's worth it.
5	Orange Table is absolutely awesome! The freshest of food and excellent coffee drinks and cocktails! Their juices, bloody mix, chai are all made from scratch and so delicious! The flannels and pancakes are to die for! The service is great also! Extremely friendly staff and owners! This place is a little difficult to find but if you have trouble just give them a call and they will stay on the phone with you and guide you to the front door! Overall, this place is definitely worth your visit and has become my regular spot! I can always count on having an excellent experience with delicious food and drinks! Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!!!Also, Great spot for businesses! They do drop off catering, delivery, and you can use their venue after 3pm for events! I'm definitely having our next friday meeting catered by them!
3	Man this place can be hard to find! Look for it tucked away behind the garage structure.If you're in the area, this is a nice breakfast spot. The monkey cakes, flannels and chimichurri were all pretty good. Not my favorite breakfast place, but a good go-to if you want a breakfast with some character.
5	Love it!!  Though busy in the late mornings on weekends, service is fast, friendly.  The food always rocks...nothing I've tried on the menu has disappointed.  My fave is just the straightforward corned beef hash.  Nice big portion, not overly salty.Oh - and at lunch, the Loki sandwich is to die for!!
5	My boyfriend and I frequent this place quite often! A definite go-to when we want a good weekend breakfast. Every dish I've had here has been excellent. The food is always fresh and full of flavor. I love their creative take on scrambles, here they call them "flannels". The green flannel is a bit spicy at times, but hey we are in Arizona! I love when they have the weekend special of eggs benedict with prosciutto! I am an eggs benedict kind of girl and this did not dissapoint! The coffee was delicious and my cup was always kept full. I had the bloody mary one morning. The server asked it I wanted it with jalapeno vodka for that extra kick... wow it was amazing! If you're a bloody mary fan, try it this way! You got nothing to lose. I will always be back here time and time again! Absolutely a favorite here in Scottsdale. It's a bit hidden, but I think I want to keep it that way so it doesn't get too crowded. But seriously, check this place out!
4	I love the menu here, especially the breakfasts which they serve late into the day. Try the Wildberry Pancakes or the Chimchurri Hash!  They also have great drinks. They lose a star because they aren't open past 3 or 4pm during the week.
4	The Orange Table is a great breakfast option in Scottsdale. The place is fun and casual and in a cute area. Specialty drinks looked awesome, and we could not get enough of the famous Monkey Cakes. I don't even like the bananas/almonds/coconut combination typically, but these were absolutely delicious. And the green flannel (corned beef hash with jalapenos)  was AWESOME as well. I'd definitely come back.
5	I came to Orange Table on a friend's recommendation and I was not disappointed. I love a good breakfast and good coffee and Orange Table provided me with both!  The food was delicious and well portioned and the atmosphere was relaxed.  While some may say the menu is a bit pricey for a breakfast place, you are paying for quality.  As a French toast lover I don't mind spending a few extra dollars for phenomenal French toast.  I would highly recommend Orange Table to anyone who is looking for an amazing breakfast and fantastic coffee!
3	7/03/13I've dined here by myself and with an aunt prior to today's meal, and I'm surprised I haven't updated my '09 review, yet.  (When I stumble onto those photos, some are dated 2012, I will have to add them with accompanying reviews- hopefully soon'ish.)Brought Mom and visiting sis and her two kids with me for breakfast and seated ourselves in Harper's section.  (We assumed he was new, since it took awhile for him to greet us hello with our menus and glasses of water that kept slipping from his grasp and landing with thuds and splashes of water on the table.  We had to ask him on his return visit to take our orders to wipe up the spills-- maybe, because of his nervousness, he forgot to wipe up the spills automatically?)  I ordered a Mocha http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/orange-table-scottsdale?select=TV17TplQu-8JWzwEoCIL-Q#TV17TplQu-8JWzwEoCIL-Q and was asked for the first time (I've been here a few times in the past few months) if I preferred whole, 2%, or non-fat milk.  I assumed I was served whole milk in the past, so I decided to try one with 2%.  Sister ordered the Mexican chocolate coffee, and everyone else had water or soda.  Here is what we all ordered:Red flannel http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/orange-table-scottsdale?select=9aaOzFYNBxJTH_-x7ZvEtw#9aaOzFYNBxJTH_-x7ZvEtwBananas Foster French toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/orange-table-scottsdale?select=ILKRAvof4ebudeC9CrTojg#ILKRAvof4ebudeC9CrTojgCorned beef hash http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/orange-table-scottsdale?select=HGN4WwDMfDUy-87_NZ8j5A#HGN4WwDMfDUy-87_NZ8j5AWhite flannel http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/orange-table-scottsdale?select=5XaxXOQptdGzuMGI2_iF1Q#5XaxXOQptdGzuMGI2_iF1QBasic buttermilk cakes (two cakes in an order, with added chocolate chips on one of them) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/orange-table-scottsdale?select=qmtVNuiojC5Mo3DgV1cs7A#qmtVNuiojC5Mo3DgV1cs7AAs I ordered the French toast and the Red flannel, Mom mentioned that she and I were going to share the French toast, and my sister placed their orders of corned beef hash (niece), buttermilk cakes (nephew, with one of the cakes with chocolate chips- extra charge, of course), and the white flannel for her.  I asked if I could change my wheat bread selection to olive, and Harper said yes, but the olive toast ended up on sister's plate.  We had to remind him of my side of bacon and sausage.  The French toast didn't have enough bananas, and I wished I remembered to ask for some bananas placed on top of the toast, as well as whatever slices come in the whiskey sauce itself, which came with subbed almonds.  The lack of bananas was a little disappointing, so I suggest to request extra bananas-- the name of the dish is Bananas Fosters, yes?  The Red flannel would've been very good, but it felt undercooked.  Definitely mushy in texture, and not as texturally-satisfying as the order of Green flannel my aunt had back in November '12-- I tried a little portion of it and liked the crisped edges!  Also, all of the flannels we ordered today looked slightly disappointing-- maybe there's a new cook?  No one ate the flannel leftovers we brought home; However, sister liked her White flannel entree...  The flannels did taste better when eaten with sour cream.The chocolate chip pancake was delicious!  Nephew isn't a big eater, so I was able to try some (thank goodness OT serves 100% pure maple syrup!), as well as some of the leftovers at home.  I'd say the highlights of breakfast that morning were the sides of Nueske's bacon and one sausage and the olive toast!  My mocha made with 2% milk wasn't popular with anyone, including me, so I'd suggest ordering it with whole milk (leftover Mocha keeps well in the fridge for at least a week!).  Sister  had to add sugar to her Mexican chocolate coffee to enjoy it.  (She tried it without sugar, the way I drink my coffee, and "it was tolerable," but definitely better with Splenda.)  Everyone enjoyed the atmosphere (and the couches!), and with a few tweaks, this could've been a four-star.  Good luck to Harper!
4	really good eggs benedict breakfast!
5	Hi Craig,I'm back in town and can't wait to eat at the Best Breakfast place in history!!!  See you soon.
4	Have been wanting to go here for a few years.Today I went, and very much enjoyed the experience.I had the Catalan omelette: Schreiner's chorizo, kalamata olives, provolone, tomatoes, onions. It was quite delicious!I also had the Mexican chocolate latte, which was soooo good!It being in Scottsdale, I'm not likely to go often, but I'd return.
5	Amazing breakfast! Even take out is prepared like its on display. I'll be back tomorrow!
2	Food was okay.  Eggs were cold and the green flannel was really spicy.  The waitress warned me but i should have headed her warning and got something else.  Took almost an hour to get our food and they didn't offer to buy our drinks or discount the meal at all.  We were behind a party of 18 people who just ordered but that is not my fault.  At least some sort of small gesture other than filling our water every 15 mins.  A little pricey for an average meal with not much ambiance.
5	Orange Table has been a favorite of mine for years and today I found out they delivered!! To say the least I was pretty darn excited. I ordered the Havarti Grilled Cheese and my business partner ordered the Green Chili Chicken Melt. The entire experience was perfect. The girl who took my order over the phone was so polite and professional and the time frame she gave for delivery was spot on. Our food arrived still hot and was packaged so cute. Our food was exceptional!!! It was my business partners first time having Orange Table and we were both oohing and aahing the entire time. Delish as always. This will definitely be our new go-to spot for lunch time deliveries.
5	Just stumbled upon this place right near my apartment and went here for breakfast two days in a row.  Best breakfast place in scottsdale hands down and not overly crowded unlike other ones on scottsdale rd.  chimichurro sauce and the quality of bread for the toast made this,place stand out.
5	Love it!!  Green Flannel is incredible and so is the Jalapeno Pecan Pancakes.Need to try it if you haven't already.
5	I love pancakes and they do to! Go now!
4	Orange Table is a hidden gem. I've been here several times-always on the weekend, so it's usually busy when I go. I've never experienced an issue with getting a table quickly.Most of the time, I order an omelette. Highly recommend the garlic + mushroom or Greek, both veg friendly. Coffee is always fresh and they make a damn good mimosa. The Mexican chocolate latte is quite tasty as well, although I never order it-I just steal some of my boyfriend's. ;)The servers are always super friendly and attentive. Last weekend, my boyfriend and I even got free gelato! Apparently they are opening a gelato + coffee place in Old Town and it was part of a promotion. This is a good go-to breakfast spot. I will likely return as it's just a hop, skip and jump away from my house.
1	Had plans to go to breakfast at RNR but they were closed at 10:30 am so we Yelped it and found Orange Table at the top of the Yelp list with lots of good reviews.  This place is pretty hard to find.  Had to stop and ask 3 people, make 1 phone call to restaurant, and husband running all over trying to find.  Finally found it unfortunately!  Its a cute little place.  We had hoped the food was going to be as good as the reviews say it is but no not really.  My husband had banana pancakes with side of bacon.  Pancakes were honestly no joke the worst I have ever had.  I literally spit it out in my napkin.  Husband said it wasnt that bad but he wouldnt have it again.  I had a mushroom omelet with a cream sherry sauce.  It really was not that good to me.  That sauce would have been great on a piece of steak but it was just a weird pairing in an omelet to me and the taste I just couldnt get past.  One bite and I forced myself to try another bite just to be sure and ya I was sure yuck no good I pushed it away.  Unfortunately my waitress was busy in deep conversation with the table next to us so she didnt know there was a problem until my husband was completely done.  She offered to have something else made but 1/3 of the breakfast menu was corned beef which I am not that fond of and nothing else sounded that great so I declined.  She brought the bill back and gave us half off the meal I couldnt eat because it tasted awful so for that, my husbands 2 pancakes and bacon along with a mocha the bill was $35.  That kinda pissed me off so I asked her if she could please do something about it because I literally ate a bite and it just wasnt good.  It was so much not good that I just wanted out of there.  She said I dont know I will have to ask the owner so I said ok and then she walked over to the cash register took it off without asking anyone and then drop it off again.  So 2 lousy pancakes, 2 pieces of bacon, and 1 coffee $20 with a $3 tip.  Asked the hub would you go back he said NO.  I of course would never go back.  Oh well better luck next time.  Check out the unfiltered reviews.  Lots of bad reviews there.  They seem to have had the same experience I had.  They have to be paying people to review them positively.
5	Mexican Latte is so tasty! Green Flannel is really tasty but you must like spicy! Great, friendly service, check-in on Foursquare and you can unlock free gelato and French toast.
5	My husband and I eat breakfast out every weekend (its our 'thing'...ya' know?). We found Orange Table about 2 years ago and even though we've traveled all over the valley to try new places....we always end up coming back home to Orange Table. We love the food and the service is excellent!. We just finished our breakfast and both of us agree (again!) that there's NOTHING better!!
5	Awesome Breakfast!  Love the coffee too.
1	This is the second time my family and I have been here and I have to say that a lot has changed from before.  First off, I ordered a cranberry juice and it came in a half full glass.  When I asked the server about it, she informed me that it came out of a can.  Last time I remember, when you are served something out of a can, they bring the glass with the actual can to your table.  Basically, I don't believe that it came out of a can, they are just trying to increase profit  from everywhere they can. Secondly, I ordered the 2 egg meal w bacon, potatoes and a side of 1 pancake that cost $2 extra. So here is the best part, actually its disgusting and quite ruthless of them to do this, but I guess they get away with it.  They brought me out a half full little side of syrup and when I asked for a little extra syrup they told me that if I wanted more syrup it's going to be $2 extra!!!  The server told me that it is real maple syrup and that is the reason it is extra.  That's funny, when I have been to Butterfield's Pancake House, which is by far better and upscale food then this place, they actually give you a closed small glass jar of real maple syrup.  How do I know that what they gave me and are trying to charge me extra for is real maple syrup?? You don't! Anyways, what ever happened to choices?? If this place wants to sell real maple syrup to customers and try and upcharge on the pancakes and the extra sides of syrup, then they should offer regular syrup just like all the other breakfast restaurants in the world do. So if you come here to eat pancakes, either bring your own syrup, enjoy your pancake with the limited amount of syrup they give you, or pay the extra charge like a fool.  Lastly, the service sucked! When we tried to get our servers attention for the bill, she was just too busy talking to people at  the bar and other tables besides ours. Finally, my husband got the attention of another server to get our bill and then she finally decided to come over to our table only after she saw another server come try and help us out.  Worst experience ever!!!!  Not only that, but I felt robbed and disrespected from this place. When you walk into a restaurant you want to feel comfortable and trust the place, well this place doesn't do that.  Now I see why it wasn't busy on a Sunday morning, the busiest day of the week for them.  If you are looking for a great breakfast restaurant, I recommend Butterfield's or Butters in Scottsdale.  That's where we should have been.
1	Overpriced meh! The sandwiches are OK, but come with no sides. And AVOID the pastries. They are flavorless and often overbaked so they are hard or crumbly. I've heard such rave reviews from everyone so maybe I just need to go for breakfast, but only if I've got the time to sit down and not just grab a pastry to go...
4	I've been here multiple times for brunch and i have yet to write a review. shame on me. I love their flannels, and their hash in general. The white flannel is a must, and red flannel is a close second. the red flannel is corned beef hash, potatoes, and beets! YUM. I recently had the Mtonaco Hash, again corned beef hash, with potatoes, red peppers and provolone. delish! I usually get some pancakes to go along with the my hash, you know like a sweet afterthought. so, get the wildberry cakes, or the monkey cakes both are sweetness good. Oh, and a Smocha Mocha is a must. good eats!!
5	Best breakfast in Scottsdale! Love the veggie hash and fresh bread.
5	I've been here twice and both times were extremely tasty. Their menu is varied and unique. Love the hash and the flannels and oh those pancakes!! Good friendly service and a truly Arizona vibe. I do love this place and will return for sure. Yum!
2	The food here is delicious and it's a super cute place, but almost every time I've visited over the years, something has gone wrong. A few weeks ago, we arrived on a Saturday morning.  Our server was really nice, and really quick with drinks and taking our order...  Then the food took literally 30 minutes to come out - two orders of pancakes and the place was maybe a quarter full, at most.  She didn't stop by once to let us know there was an issue or tell us the food was coming soon, all the while people who came in after us got their meals.  When food finally arrived, my husband's pancakes had clearly been sitting for a while.  They put a scoop of butter on top and it had completely melted - our server assured us it wasn't missing.  Not a great consolation, since he didn't want all of it, and certainly not all melted into one spot, rather than spread out.  I got the berry pancakes, which were tasty - light, flavorful, with the berries baked right in - and he got banana.  However, they swapped our syrups when serving - it turns out mine came with berry syrup - so my husband ended up eating weird syrup with his soaked-with-butter-in-one-spot pancakes, not realizing it wasn't the usual.  In the past, we've had to wait for ages for food, but the quality of it made up for it in the end.  This time, even that didn't happen. $12 for a plate of pancakes is far from cheap, and this ended up being an overall negative experience.  We'll be taking our business elsewhere.
2	SLOW food prep (45 minutes from order to serve). Watched other patrons walk out as well, even though 1/3 of tables were empty. Half of items cold/undercooked upon arrival (including sausage. undercooked pork = DANGER). Banana pancakes excellent. Steak, eggs, potatoes, bacon underwhelming. Server slow and indifferent. Owner kind enough to offer free bacon and cut the bill in half. A nice gesture. Not enough to change my opinion that the establishment is not worth the rating.
5	Delicious! Great service and atmosphere, food was exceptional! Definitely will come back and recommend.
5	I spent 4 days in Scottsdale with my wife when she was there for a conference. I had a lot of free time so I sampled many local restaurants - fine dining, casual, and in between.  Of all the places I went to, this place was the most memorable. Finding this place is a challenge. You need to walk through random corridors and need to use gps just to find the front door - it is in the middle of a business complex it looks like.  Once you find it, it looks like a simple place, not much to it.  First, I have to say the staff here is great. Incredibly friendly and helpful; they had great suggestions. Second, it feels like a place you could go to everyday - eat breakfast or lunch, read the paper and have some tea. But finally, the food is incredible.  I had the eggs Benedict, which was a special that day. It was made with pancetta and I nearly fell off my chair it was so good. I can definitively say it was the best eggs Benedict I've ever had. It was clean and had a hint of lemon, not heavy and over bearing like many like it.  It will take all of the will power I have to try something different for breakfast (or lunch for that matter) when I go back to Scottsdale.
3	If you are looking to grab a quick breakfast, this is not your place.  Extremely slow service!When arriving we were given a choice of inside or outside seating, since outside was a 15 minute wait we decided to eat inside.  Well that last about 2 minutes as the inside seating was extremely loud and divided to wait for outside seating.  The waitress was very nice and doing her best to make sure we had everything we needed.  The problem was after putting in our order it took over 30 minutes for the food to be delivered.
5	After an undesirable service situation at OT last time I vowed not to come back after many visits over the last couple year. Last Saturday I couldn't stand it any longer and missed my brunch burger and wild berry cakes too much!  I'm glad we came back, because the food was great as always, and service was also wonderful this time.  Super nice hostess, and the back waiter brought our misbehaving pooch water right away.  We also met the owner, Craig, who was extremely welcoming and seemed like a very sincere and nice guy.  Now that the farmer's market is up and running again we will be back on Saturdays!
4	Hard to find. So here's some tips on how to find it.  Located between Drinkwater and Brown Streets.  Head south on Brown and turn left on 1st St. and park in the free parking garage. To the east of the garage is a dark gray building.  Orange Table is between the Jewel of India and Blue Moose.  We were seated in less than 10 minutes on a Sunday at 11am. Not bad.  Service was okay.  Took a while to get our drinks and then place our order, but server was helpful with our menu and accommodating the needs of our three little boys.  We sat in the patio and it was pleasantly quiet and relatively cool.  Better to sit outside!  Chimichurri Steak and Eggs is what I ordered. Very tasty!  The portion of scrambled eggs could've been slightly more, but okay.  I subbed fruit for the potatoes and was surprised to see a charge for it on the receipt.  Iced Mexican latte was refreshing and perfect with my meal.Also, they can make Chocolate Chip pancakes, but will add a charge to regular Buttermilk Pancakes.  One order is large enough to split between my 6- year old twin boys.  My 9-year old finished an order  by himself.  Maybe because it's tucked away in the Scottsdale Mall building, there weren't many people when we went which was good for us.  I wouldn't mind eating there again, but this area has lots of places to try.
3	We came here on a Saturday right before the rush.  It's a confusing place to find because it was in "Scottsdale mall" which we assumed it was the big fashion mall.  It is actually a couple blocks away.  We were seated outside as it was a beautiful day for brunch.  I actually ate a little before coming here and wasn't so hungry.  I did still get a eggs benedict.  My boyfriend had a side of french toast.  Our friends got tuna and a veggie sandwich.  Eggs benedict- Though the presentation wasn't amazing it was really good, even though I had already eaten it wasn't heavy like most places.  Their hollandiase sauce and poached eggs were just perfect.  French toast- I'm not a fan of this dish.. it was way too sweet but then again I'm not a big fan of overly sweet things.  I felt that it had too much nutmeg or cinnamon (not sure which one they used)Tuna sandwich- my friend said it was ok, like every other sandwichVeggie sandwich- my friend said it was really good because of the grilled red peppersWe might visit again to get a second opinion.
4	Great Monkey Pancakes!.......... huge.Great Breakfast Sandwich!REALLY friendly people at this place. Our server was great. The busboy was super polite, friendly and talkative. Food took forever to get to us...... but since everyone was so nice and the food was so good........ it was worth the wait!
4	A few years a go when I'd gone, service was slow. But I've recently tried it again closer to 11:00 am and it was good. The hamburger was delicious, wasn't expecting that.
4	Love the Mexican Chocolate Cinnamon Latte!!! Breakfast is always phenomenal. Service is always friendly and well paced. Price is on point for the area. Great little spot in the art district!
3	The kalamata olive toast was a tasty treat with my sunny side up eggs. Cappuccino was a little bitter and they went a little crazy on the milk foam. Still nice that they offer proper espresso coffee at this breakfast place.
5	Love it!  Best breakfast around by FAR. Trust me you have to try it and see for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
2	My daughter came in from Tucson and was wanting breakfast so I asked have you been to this place before she said no and that we should try it out..... I'd read good reviews. If you've never been there before Plan on taking a few extra minutes to find the place it's tucked back in the mall & not easy to find. It was midweek and not overly busy. The waitress started out friendly, nice and very talkative I ordered  a cappuccino and my daughter ordered juice. we only took a few minutes to look at the menu I noticed it was really very limited, If you're a corn beef hash person it's definitely up your alley but unfortunately that's not my favorite. We both decided on the traditional eggs, home style potatoes and bacon. My daughter added the fresh fruit bowl. When our order came to the table everything was as ordered the presentation good & cooked correctly, her fruit was fresh and tasty. Everything from there on went bad. The waitress was nonexistent came back only once with the forgotten ketchup my daughter had requested, never refilled our waters never asked if everything was ok, never asked if we needed anything  else we had to ask another server for our check. Our server brought the check with the big smile and a friendly attitude..... thank you so much for coming in sucking up for the tip. AND only cleared my plate we were clearly both done. After another 10 minutes of waiting we asked another server once again if they could take our check and credit card so we could leave. I understand poor service or delayed service when you're busy but this was midweek mind you and not very busy......very disappointing.
2	Went on a weekend morning more than a year ago. It says something that I still remember the details of my visit. They were just unorganized. Possibly overwhelmed. Lady who I think was the owner was just barking orders. Maybe we should have waited for a table outside for a more peaceful dining experience...
5	It was AWESOME.  I had the green flannel and the lady friend had eggs benedict and we shared one pancake and bacon.  The pancake was  delicious. The French Press coffee was so good.  No sugar or milk necessary.  Just drink as is.
5	The food here was fantastic!  Thank you yelp reviewers!  The Bloody Mary was super spicy, just like I like it.  The artichoke, kalmata omelette was bursting with flavor!  The staff was personable and knowledgeable.  Definitely going back.
4	This is a great spot for brunch! I definitely recommend sitting on the patio, as it can be quite loud inside. The food is delicious. I love the french toast. They make great coffee and a strong cocktail. Service can be hit or miss.
3	I'm a little disappointed in you today, Orange Table. My boyfriend and I are pretty big fans and decided we'd bring in some family visiting from out of town. We saw the Groupon and Facebook post saying that you were open New Year's Day and figured- perfect! (The Groupon was only good on a weekday) However, we strolled in at 1:30pm and were promptly turned away because the location was closing at 2pm. I understand closing early on a holiday, but this was NOT posted anywhere (including the sign out on the street AND the Facebook post). Not only did our family miss out but now my boyfriend and I have as well, seeing as we both work weekday mornings and can't use the Groupon we paid for. Hopefully our Groupon could be honored on a weekend? If not, this place down the street, Daily Dose, may now get our business seeing as they too closed as 2pm but happily seated us today anyhow at about 1:45pm.
4	Ok so I went to this restaurant because my mom found a groupon and we were starving after waiting in line for the Dillard's one day sale! :) anyways.. We show up and automatically know there will be a long wait 1 hour to be exact. So Ofcourse we wait and wait until it gets to be taking too long so we head inside. Well there are like 4 tables empty and the hostess isn't seating us. She said she wanted to space out the customers for the hostess. Now... I understand what she is saying but we had been waiting 1 hour+ just to sit down! So I was disappointed that that was her number 1 priority and not seating anxious customers. We get inside order our food and our Waiter (awesome btw) gets our order and puts it in. Literally another 50 mins go by and we have no food. At this point my stomach is eating itself and I'm annoyed by all of the "your food will be right out" comments I'm getting every 15 minutes. I ordered banana nut cakes and my mom got the 2 egg breakfast everything was deilicious except my pancakes were a little gooey. Seriously the food alone is why I give this place 4 stars. Only 4 because the service was sloooooow but they put up with a screaming (yes, literally screaming) man angry because his food isn't out. (I mean really how old are we? How embarrassing.)Overall I'd go back just not on a holiday.
4	This one is not easy to find but once you find it you will be glad you have. Great service, really interesting brunch menu. The space is a but small and cramped and getting into the rest room is close to impossible however it's a good meal.
3	This place is tasty, decent prices, generally friendly staff,  but slow as molasses. I waited about 15 minutes for a table (not awful) and an hour for 2 pancakes. We went on a day that two servers didn't show up to work without notice, I understand that is a crappy situation and I won't give anyone a hard time for that...but I only ordered 2 pancakes. How does that take an hour? Why did I wait an hour for 2 pancakes is an even better question. I had a hazelnut mocha coffee which was delicious, but I probably wouldn't come back. Maybe if I ordered a coffee to go.
1	My family and I had brunch at Orange Table on December 23rd. We had to request menus after having waited for approximately 15 minutes. We all ordered the Mexican chocolate lattes. My husband ordered the corned beef hash, I ordered the veggie hash and our daughter ordered the veggie sandwich. All of our food was cold including the Mexican chocolate lattes. We didn't have the time to send all our meals back to reheat because we were on our way to a matinee performance of the Nutcracker. Suffice to say, none of us enjoyed our food and in fact a couple hours later, our daughter got sick and needed to take Pepto Bismol. We will not be back.
3	My girlfriend had been raving about Orange Table so we went this week. I don't get upset with the service ever and I'm not upset about my experience with Orange Table but if you don't have the patience to wait 5 minutes to get a server to come to your table wait another 5 for the drinks and then wait an hour for your food to come this place probably isn't for you.
4	Had the jalopeno pecan pancakes and they were great! Will be back.
5	Amazing service and pumpkin pancakes with whip cream that was the bomb!
3	I came a few months ago. I waited about an hour for an outside table for one (plus my dog). They had me order so it would be ready when I sat down. After said hour I was told they were out of hollandaise. I politely told them thank you for wasting so much of my time because all I wanted was the eggs Benedict.  Then I was told they did have it. But it was so bland compared to other times. I was really disappointed. I bought a groupon so will give it one more chance before I look for a new place for breakfast.
5	Green flannel was delicious as was the fresh squeezed orange juice! My husband had the banana nut cakes and also loved them.  We had great service and the servers actually seemed happy to be working here, which is a nice change of pace. Will definitely return!
1	Please know that this is a DOG FRIENDLY restaurant.  Even when the dog is aggressive or interfering with other customers, they have preference over the humans. My husband and my young son sat on the patio to enjoy the gorgeous weather.  Unfortunately, a couple with a huge, hyperactive Pitt Bull sat next to them. The dog kept bumping into my son's chair and even lunged at a waiter. When my husband politely asked them if they could control their dog, he was told that he shouldn't have brought his "kid to a dog friendly restaurant."  Management was no help (maybe because one of the waitresses was friends with the couple-she kept sitting with them) so my husband and son had to leave (no available seats inside).  So we'll take their advise and never eat here again.
5	I went on a New Year's Day, probably a mistake...but we sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome.  The place was packed and it was about an hour from closing time, AND they had two missing servers, still she managed to have a great attitude and helped make sure both our meals were spot on.  I need to go back under a less stressful situation.  Loved the menu and the drinks.
5	The Loki sandwich is awesome! So is the Hummus plate both very filling & yummy!! I love coming here it's a great place to hang out and enjoy great food.
4	We decided to come here for our first breakfast in Scottsdale. The atmosphere and decor was very cozy and inviting. For drinks we ordered a pineapple mimosa, grapefruit mimosa and mojo chai. The mimosas were refreshing and the flavor choices were a nice twist to the standard orange juice mimosa. I highly recommend the mojo chai, which is homemade chai, espresso and vanilla. Yum! Marla, our waitress, was friendly and personable. She helped me decide between the chimichurri hash and chorizo eggs Benedict. Chimichurri hash was a great decision and was very tasty. Brandon ordered bananas foster French toast with whiskey sauce. Probably one of the best we've had! Overall it was a great place to stop. Food was delish, service was great and atmosphere was inviting. We would recommend this cafe for anyone looking for a delicious breakfast or brunch.
2	Went here, they were out of everything. They messed up all of our orders and even after they fixed them i wasn't impressed by the food.I am not impressed, but also because i was expecting a lot. (go in with low expectations i guess?)
3	I will start with the great things about this place.  The food is awesome and everything is made from scratch.  We had the banana's foster French toast which was delicious.  It's a cute, little place kind of tucked back in the Scottsdale mall area.  As for the bad the service was not good and we ended up waiting about 40 minutes for our food.  Our server didn't do a very good job about communicating with us and setting some expectations.  The manager let us know finally after asking 3 times that they were running behind and that the food tends to take longer because they make it from scratch.  Had they set this expectation upfront I would've been more than happy to wait that long.  Highly recommend but expect to wait.
1	In a word: THE DOG WATER HAD MORE ICE THAN OURS.Orange Table used to be my favorite breakfast spot, but after my last experience, I will never go back again.My best friend and I went to Orange Table this morning for breakfast on Valentine's Day. I was so excited to take her there because it has always been a favorite spot of mine, but I hadn't been there in a while and "Oh Lordy!" has it changed.My primary complaint is in regards to the appallingly bad service we received.When we arrived, we went up to the hostess, who told us we could sit anywhere we liked.  After seating ourselves, we waited about ten minutes without menus and finally had to ask a server if we could have some brought over.After about five minutes of looking over the menu, our server finally greeted us and let us know she was sending some waters over. We also ordered mimosas.  Another five to ten minutes later, our water finally arrived, warm, because the two or three measly pieces of ice that had been in them were almost completely melted already.Another five to ten minutes later, our mimosas finally arrived, though I hesitate to even call them that.  There was so much pulp in them that an inch of it pooled at the bottom and the whole drink was filled with hairy orange flesh. We politely sent them back and asked for coffee instead.As we waited an additional five minutes to get our coffee, we observed the tables around us. The man sitting at the table next to us had brought his dog and asked for some water for the dog. My friend and I, already pretty steamed by this point, couldn't believe it when we saw the dog's water was fuller and colder than ours had been.  Eventually we received our coffee and our food, which was fine, though both of our dishes were severely lacking in seasoning. After we paid the bill, but before we left, my friend went to talk to the manager.  She had tried to catch his eye earlier, but even when she did, he did not come over. When she went up to him, he was sitting down eating with a woman who didn't appear to work there. She asked if he would mind stepping aside so she could speak to him.  He didn't even get up from his chair to speak with her, he just asked what she wanted.  She then proceeded to tell him that she was disappointed with the service we received.  He didn't apologize, but asked who sat us, and she told him we hadn't been sat, we were told to seat ourselves.  She tried to continue to explain the issues we had, but he was so disinterested and ambivalent about everything she said that she finally told him she could tell he didn't care what she had to say and was sorry to have wasted his time. He just said "Okay" and let her walk out without another word said.  We left with a sour taste in our mouth from the experience, or maybe that was just due to some leftover pulp still stuck in our teeth.  Needless to say, we won't be returning.
4	Came here for the first time this morning. Not really sure what to expect because a couple friends of ours mentioned that they weren't fans of this place. After eating here, I have formed my own opinion, and honestly I can't see what they were talking about. This place rocks!I don't typically order coffee drinks, I usually just go for straight coffee. Took a chance on their Mojo Chai (hot) and it was very good!For food, I went for the Green Flannel--also something I wouldn't typically order. Now, it's my new favorite breakfast menu item. It was absolutely delicious and filling. Their toast is also really good.. not just a couple of toasted bread slices, but are thick and crusty. Yum!Along with the quality food, the atmosphere is nice.. I also didn't feel rushed to leave the table after we were finished eating. I know breakfast places are all about high table turnover when busy (or at least it feels that way) but at Orange Table, I didn't feel that way. Our server actually gave us time to sit and digest our meal without rushing to run our credit card immediately after we finished.  I will definitely be back.
3	While on vacation in Arizona, I came here with 2 girlfriends as one of them had heard this was the best brunch in the area.My friend called up to make reservations, yet somehow they could not locate our reservations when we finally arrived. Why do I say finally? bc we were given horrible instructions on the location of this restaurant. Would have helped if they said they were located within the civic center!I thought the food was pretty standard breakfast fare and the mimosa was pretty good. It was a bit annoying that they kept telling us they were out of certain items or ingredients from the menu, despite brunch going on for another couple hours. I had scrambled eggs with cheese with potatoes, toast, and bacon. It was decent but you can find that anywhere, including a pancake house, I wasn't wowed or blown away  so I would come back but wouldn't rush to do so.
4	So, I used to work in the kitchen here. Before that when my mom was alive we would come here for breakfast. So this place has a find place in my heart. So when they got new ownership, I was sad to see Susan leave. But exited to see what the new owner Craig could do. Ticket times improved, but the food did change. Not for the worse, but it did change. I have probably been there more the last few months then in the last few years. I ordered the iced chai. Great as usual. I ordered the green flannel. It was good, but not a flannel. It was more of a Sheppards pie, all mixed together. It was good, but I was looking for more of a corned need hash. other then that, the wait staff is slot more attentive then in past visits. I'll be back.
2	Totally average experience. Service was s.l.o.w.... The hummus plate was bland and boring with the pita bread stale and all curly in the edges. Save your money on that dish.
4	My husband knows I LOVE breakfast and brunch, so he was happy to treat me to breakfast before we enjoyed a relaxing day of visiting the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art (SMoCA) and walking around Old Town. Word has definitely gotten out about this "hidden gem" in Scottsdale because when we called on Sunday, there was a 45 minute wait! Orange Table is close to the SMoCA and the SF Giants spring training ballpark so I can understand why it was so popular and crowded on that particular morning. No problem, we showed up around 1p after the morning rush and were quickly seated at a table. Orange Table offers their breakfast menu all day and lunch 11-4p so there's something for everyone. Luckily for me, my hubby was on board with sharing our dishes so I got to try both the sweet and savory dishes on the menu. He ordered the "White Flannel" (Corned Beef + Potatoes + Mushrooms + Onions) with Sourdough Toast. They were quite flexible and allowed him to order one scrambled egg (for him) and a sunny side up egg (for me). The White Flannel was a hearty dish with tender pieces of corned beef, perfectly prepared eggs, and two thick slices of toast. Overall, great dish, a generous serving, and excellent value for $10. The SMoCA mocha is made with espresso + chocolate + amaretto flavoring + raspberry flavoring - what could be more delicious?! Surprisingly, the SMoCA wasn't overly sweet; however, I wished the raspberry and amaretto notes were a little stronger. Although my husband found the mocha quite tasty and he doesn't even like coffee, so what do I know? I guess I like my coffee like I like my dessert: SWEET! :)The "Banana Nut Pancakes" ($12.50) came with two banana and pecan pancakes. The bites with banana and toasted pecan pieces were good, but the bites without banana didn't have much flavor. I appreciate that the pancakes are served with 100% maple syrup as my husband is allergic to syrup that contains corn syrup. This dish also comes with your choice of bacon, sausage, prosciutto cotto or fruit. We ordered the bacon which was just "okay"; next time I'll probably go with the fruit option. Overall: this is a nice place for brunch that offers reasonably priced dishes, a cute patio dining area to enjoy when the weather is nice, and Orange Table is the perfect place to stop before visiting the museums in the area.
2	Brunch fail. Got there around 11am on a Sunday and it was busy (fine, there was a game so we expected it). Told we'd have a 30 minute wait for a table (also fine) but got seated in 10. Yay! Drinks came quickly and were delish -good bloodies- but when we ordered they didn't have three of the things on their menu any longer , one of which was the special on the chalk board, easily erasable. We then had to wait almost 45 minutes for our food to hit the table, which was less than stellar and left us feeling less than satisfied. Not a good way to cure a hangover. Ambiance was not there either, typically I would not mind waiting at a brunch spot if you were comfortable and could relax and have a drink or three. The servers kept bumping into out table and chairs, only the server came up to tell us that the food was taking long, and she set down my plate with a steak knife facing right into my stomach and almost off the plate. Lovely. Would have appreciated a manager coming around , or just waiting longer for the table in the first place. Too loud inside and too crowded for success. Unfortunate.
2	Food is not worth the price,  eggs were dry, chorizo dry and no flavor, I could have made pancakes at my house and they would have tasted better,  all the glasses were dirty, and lipstick stanied, the coffee was good and the waitress was great, the food was just not worth the price and will not go again.
1	Food: extremely average (since when does it take 30 + minutes to get eggs, toast & bacon to the table? - come on). Service (John): extremely poor. (Not exaggerating here, guy apparently forgot he works for tips). Result: never going back again, never saying a kind word. Worth it: absolutely not. Entirely too much competition in this area.
5	Orange Table is one of those restaurants that makes me feel like a high roller. The decor is hip and pretty, prices a little high, food decadent, the outside seating delish...I loved my meal at Orange Table.  I was there for brunch so I started off with a mimosa!  When it came time to ordering my meal, I stalled. I had already had my heart set on the jalapeno pancakes with caramelized pecans so I went with my gut. Boy howdy! What a winning combination! It was served with a side of fruit and crispy, salty, delicious prosciutto.  The portions were large, I couldn't make it through the pancakes. Probably could have had just one.  And I wanted more syrup but the waiter wasn't really around to ask and they were so warm and fluffy I just kept on going. The flavors were an excellent combination!  Great food, pretty good service (my water glass felt a little neglected too), great outdoor seating. I'll be back if I get a chance.
1	Total brunch fail. 11:15 - Two friends and I arrived at the restaurant on a Sunday. We put in our name for a table, were told we would have a 20 minute wait. 11:35 - 20 minutes after we were told we had a 20 minute wait. Was our table ready? Nope. 11:50 - Still no table. There were a few tables that had been open since we arrived. 11:55 - Finally got seated. Placed our order right away and asked for waters.  12:15 - It took 20 minutes to get waters. Water glasses were dirty. 12:30 - Almost 40 minutes after ordering, our server came out to tell us there was a 'problem with the ticket' and this is why our food was taking so long. (Translation - she forgot to put in our order.) The table next to us (who sat and ordered after us) had already eaten and cashed out before our food arrived. Did our server offer to bring us bread or anything since she screwed up our order and we were starving? Nope. 12:45 - Food finally arrived almost an hour after ordering. Food was not good. My friend ordered the banana walnut pancakes (recommended by our server) and they were mushy and not cooked through in the middle. She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted. We had ordered a side of bacon to share and it was overly greasy, and the eggs benedict my other friend and I ordered had obviously been sitting for some time - the hollandaise sauce had started to congeal. Congealed hollandaise - yummm.  We asked to talk to manager (we were surprised she didn't come over on her own) - she was very unapologetic and condescending, popping over briefly to say "I heard you had a bad experience."  They discounted our food but we all barely ate -  very disappointing brunch! With so many great breakfast/brunch spots in the area, we won't be returning to Orange Table.
4	Love this place for breakfast, so much. Bananas foster french toast is to die for. White flannel, cornbeef hash.. Great atmosphere. Love eating outside.
2	I tried the green and white flannels. I'm a New York City girl and the corned beef definitely did not stand up to NYC standards. The whole thing together with the potatoes was starchy and boring. The bloody mary was also uninteresting.
4	When I got there the place was absolutely packed! The hostess was great and worked creatively to get a table for me as quick as possible. The sausage was amazing and quite possibly the best I've had in a long while. The French toad was great too along with the Mexican chocolate latte.
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots in Arizona! Food is amazing, staff is delightful, and the wait is never too bad. I was even given coffee one Saturday morning for free since the wait was a little longer than usual. Make sure to try the Mexican coffee!!
1	Overpriced, mediocre lukewarm food....place is living on past reputation with sign outside front door that says named best breakfast in 2011.  Lots of better places around!
5	I Love this place! The food is amazing! I ordered the white flannel and it was so good!
4	Simply put, this place has the best breakfast in Scottsdale. It's tough saying that because I like Butters a lot. The menu is simple, and all your favorite dishes are there. do yourself a favor and order a hash...any hash. thank me later.We went on a Sunday morning, having called ahead to make a reservation (highly recommended since they get packed). We waited about 5 minutes past our reservation time due to a large party. No biggie. Service was top notch! The only reason this place gets 4/5 stars is they couldn't seat us on the patio even though I asked for it in the reservation.
1	Well... Third Time.. Not a charm. I have been to this place three times now and each time I'm more unimpressed than the last. And today will be my last! We were given a 25 minute wait time for 3 at 10:00am.... At 11:15 we finally got sat.  At 11:30 a waitress gave us a warm pitcher of water and some dirty glasses with no ice and diddnt even think to ask if we were ready to order and when she finally returned 11 minutes later we ordered the traditional Benedict, the ot style Benedict and the green flannel... The Benedict's come with No sides mind you, so we ordered the potatoes and bacon as sides to split as well. it was then as I was looking around the place I noticed in the window hanging for all to see in it's shame....  A THIRTY NINE MINUTE TICKET TIME!!! In a breakfast place! And a small one at that!!??? How is that even possible the ingredients are egg, breads, bacon, quick breakfast meats and veggies! How is it that long!  It is NOT a huge place! 45 minutes later when we got our food let me tell you how UN-WORTH IT this place is. Now where do I start on the complaints.... it came looking like my own at home attempts on eggs Benedict rather than a $12.50 made to order in a breakfast establishment eggs Benedict. For both of the Benedict's the hollandaise was cold, congealed and also very grainy. The Benedict that wore the name of the restaurant " the OT style" ... Came with a tablespoon sized crumble of rubbery chorizo, 3 thinly cut and obviously sparingly used avocado slices all on top of a UNTOASTED, COLD, english muffin. The situation was the same with the traditional Benedict. the green flannel had potential if it hadn't come out overcooked and rubbery . The waitress did nothing and seemed like she had expected the meals malfunctions  and when my dad stopped her for the second time to complain she brought me an extra greasy side of overcooked chorizo for my Benedict... THIS PLACE GETS AN F! Failed in service, failed in ambiance, failed in handling customer complaints,  failed in food, failed in taste... Which is sad because this place has potential.  But I'm not willing to come back after this experience.
3	This would be a four star restaurant if they weren't so slow.We got carryout here on a Saturday morning. Their service seemed disorganized. We had call ahead to provide our order but I do no think it made its way into the kitchen since we ended up waiting for the food for almost 30 minutes. The food was pretty good.  I had the corned beef hash which was delicious.
1	Poor service, poor food and really, REALLY LOUD! Could hardly hear my friend sitting across from me at a table for two. The details offered by the other reviews here (the negative ones) describe our experience perfectly. Don't waist your time or money.
1	A girlfriend and I came here after seeing their Groupon (13$ for 20$)....when we arrived the restaurant was packed inside and out, but the hostess seated us very quickly. We were super thirsty from too much pool/champagne time and it felt like days before we even got water (I would guess 15-20 minutes..which is still quite a lot). After we ordered it took another 45 minutes or so for the food to come out- again, pretty crazy since most of the options are breakfast themed. How long does it take to cook an egg?I had the chicken salad sandwich and Mexican soup..the soup was so salty it was almost inedible, but compared tot he super super bland chicken salad sandwich,. I guess I was happy it was at least seasoned. There was so little chicken salad on the sandwich that after taking the top peice of bread off, then the bottom, I literally had 2 bites from each side. No exaggeration. Someone had taken the time to dice the apples and other ingredients into perfect tiny cubes, which shows tons of effort...but the super small portion given and the fact that it wasn't seasoned made all that work seem pointless.My friend had the corn beef hash..she left most of it- absolutely no seasoning again. It was the blandest corned beef hash I've ever tasted. She also had a Chai tea- again, no flavor, so she was dumping sugar and such into it trying to pep it up. We spent another 15 minutes trying to get the bill- then did the universal My Tab Is Sitting Halfway Over the Edge of the Table so the Waitress Will See it Move...and she still didn't see it, so I had to flag her down. I would say she was friendly, but overall poor service for the long wait time. By the time we got our plates, most of the restaurant was empty, so it's not like they were in the middle of a rush.
3	A nice patio but the drinks and food were Washington, DC prices. I had the jalapeno pancakes. They were tasty and the breakfast in the glass was good but not that much. My friends had decent looking meals too.
3	Maybe we got the short end of the stick because our waiter made a snap judgement and decided to not put in any effort. We frequently go to kid-friendly local restaurants with our kids, and we are not the family with the wild toddler and crying baby. That said, we watched our waiter provide better service to every other patron on the patio. We weren't brought water until after he seated a new table and brought them water, he had limited menu knowledge, one of the busboys noticed we had been out of coffee and he refilled our cups. We were never brought sugars for coffee/tea and never brought salt/pepper for breakfast, although we saw every other table had them. That's all on our inattentive waiter - we would have rated this a 4 star place if we'd had better service. The food was pretty solid. They use high quality ingredients, including local sausage from Shreiners and delicious bacon. Some of the items we'd ordered were tasty but offered little excitement - buttermilk pancakes could have used a little fruit topping both for presentation and as a simple touch for flavor variety. The veggie hash with olives had a good mix of flavors, though minimally seasoned, but I'd still recommend it. Overall, bring your dog here but know that even well-behaved kids may get you written off, depending on your server, which ultimately reflects on management.
5	Coffee is hot and awesome!! Try the French press.
5	Wonderful service, creative food and drinks!!! Try any of the cereal shooters! Theyre outstanding! Jalapeno pecan pancakes are also a must try!
1	Instead of calling it "breakfast," Orange Table should call it "break-slow."  It took an hour to get our food. 30 min to get our drinks and 20min to get water (which they never refilled). We ordered the artisan tuna melt, the banana foster French toast and for drinks we got the Mexican chocolate latte (not that great) and the smoca mocha latte. The bananas foster French toast tasted like I was eating spoonfuls of sugar. It was also very burnt. I love sweet things but this was too much. The tuna melt was good. They discounted our food, not our drinks.  Wish I could say I won't be back but we bought two groupons for this place.  Maybe we will call in a Togo order 2 hours prior to meal time. I was very surprised because this place received many awards. The place was very crowded, but I think that is because the customers had to wait for their food so long.    I would recommend the nearby restaurant, daily dose, over this place.
5	Oh so so so good! I had the Mexican chocolate latte - amazing! I recommend getting it hot. My friend got it iced and wasn't as delicious. Also had the brunch burger. I'm so getting this again!
5	Great food and service. Corned beef hash was fresh home made. Pancakes cooked to perfection full of bananas and peacans. Our waiter was friendly and patient.
3	I always get really excited to try new brunch places since it's my favorite meal. We bought a groupon for this place and I had high hopes because the menu had delicious sounding items. However, the food did not live up to my expectations. My pancake came out luke warm and the syrup was cold so that did not help. I have had better pancakes from a box. I ordered over-medium eggs but they came out very runny and I was a little worried I might get sick from them. My boyfriend ordered an omelet which he said was pretty good but it only came with toast, no potatoes or hashbrowns. For $11.50, it needed to come with a side. The food in general was overpriced for the quality. I probably wouldn't come back here since there are so many other delicious brunch spots in Scottsdale.
4	People that works here are very nice place kinda small but breakfast it's fantastic
1	Food was ok. Service couldn't have been much worse unless they had been poking us with sharp sticks covered in hot sauce. Thankfully they weren't doing that because no one would have heard our screams on account of how loud it was in there. Still waiting on toast.
2	We went there on a busy Holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow.  Once the food arrived, some eggs were undercooked and others thought their food was just average tasting. A friend and I went back a few weeks later during the week, and again it took a long time to get our food and we both agreed our food was bland.  The restaurant is in a great location and is very clean but, none of us that have tried it will be going back soon.   The staff is very friendly, I hope they can improve things.
4	Wonderful spot for breakfast or lunch with delicious food, bananas foster french toast, wildberry pancakes...  Fresh, real ingredients and friendly service!  We've tried most breakfast/lunch spots in Scottsdale and this one tops them all!
1	We had trouble finding this place and had to call them twice for directions as the hostess/phone answerer did not know where they were located apparently. The food was really undercooked and slow to get. The waiter was super nice and we did not have to pay for the few bites we did consume. My friend got the monkey cakes, which were undercooked.  I got "the hatch" which said it was chicken breast, but appeared to be chicken breast lunch meat. We won't be rushing back.
2	This place was not my jam- the burger I got was simply a frozen patty with absolutely nothing special- I would not suggest this place to anyone.They do have a good atmosphere but the good is a definite PASS
1	Mediocore at best. Sat on patio which was dirty and had 1/2 a dz. empty, dirty, planting pots sort of laying there like discarded rubbish. Planter in the middle of patio could have added so much, but alas, just had 3 non used heaters propped up against the wall, one of those discarded planters and ...idk..gravel, dead grass? Food: I got the yogurt/granola/fruit. In the height of berry season, no berries, just the cheapest pieces of fruit - 1/2 a strawberry cut up to little pieces, couple of pieces of cantaloupe and honeydew and then some red grapes. The granola was store bought, bland, nothing special. Bottom line- don't bother. I was really hoping for a cute/quaint/good food place here. If it was ever good, they are resting on their past glory. It is NOT worth a stop in unless you're desperate for a cup of coffee.
4	Visited for the first time today because of a Groupon. I ordered the banana pancakes. Delicious!!! My friend ordered the tuna melt and she loved it. Service was a little slow but it was worth it. I can't wait to go back and try the burgers.
2	Read all the reviews before going so I was a little skeptical but thought I would try anyway. Cute little place, seated right away which was good for a Saturday at 1230. Ordered eggs Benedict but they had sold out! A breakfast place that runs out of breakfast food, hum. Got the breakfast sandwich which came out cut in half, on a large white plate with no garnish. Had to ask for silverware and napkins. Service was ok, sandwich average.
3	Meh, slightly over rated. The cocktails were weak but made with fresh ingredients. I ordered a mimosa and it was mostly orange juice, not the slightly pale orange translucent mimosa I'm used to.  I ordered the corn chowder and the ahi tuna sandwich. The chowder should not have been named a chowder as it was broth with cream added to it and corn.  No texture , no salt, no flavor, no dice.   I think they used all the salt for the tuna on my sandwich because that was all I could taste. Perhaps they dropped the salt shaker on the tuna and had none left for the soup.
3	Came here on a groupon find. Coffee - good. Atmosphere - good. Service - good. Food - new American/gastropub fare that is ever present in Scottsdale. We had the chili cheddar burger and the veggie hash. Great presentation. Both of us remarked how they were kind of bland - not bad, but they just didn't have a lot of seasoning or flavor, maybe not enough spices, or maybe ingredients that weren't ripe? I pulled about half of the bread off the burger and added pepper and then I could taste some spice in the chili burger. To be fair, I asked them to hold the mayo so maybe that's where all the flavor was?  It sounds like the rest of the menu has some gems so will try a different item if I am over that way.
4	I went her with my daughter for brunch, it was a little warm inside ,maybe the A/C wasn't working well?  Other then that the breakfast was very good, we shared the corn beef hash and each had a cocktail.  My daughter ordered the bacon, rum OJ drink (don't remember the exact name), it was delicious!  My daughter realized she ordered the reg hash, not the hash with the veggies in it.  It so happened that the owner was sitting next to us and over heard our conversation and had another order of the corn beef hash brought to us (the version with all the veggies in it).  Now that's customer service!  My daughter was thrilled & had leftovers to take home.  I'll be back next time I'm in town.
5	Great fresh food! We will definitely be returning!
5	The Orange Table will be under new ownership as of Monday July 28, 2014.We will be keeping the same menu and using all the same fresh ingredients.For those of you who had a bad experience, please come back and give us the opportunity to show you what we can do!And for those of you who love, we hope that you will continue to support the business!
1	Probably the worst breakfast that I have ever had - both food and atmosphere.  It was so incredibly loud in the restaurant that I couldn't carry on a conversation with the person sitting next to me or across the table.    The coffee grinder, steamer and tables and chairs being drug across the cement  floor was deafening.  I can't imagine eating here with a hangover!!  Berry pancake was doughy and had no taste (I have never seen a white pancake), egg sandwich was tasteless and the French toast was still partially raw in the center.  I have never seen breakfast potatoes in a breakfast restaurant that looked like they  were dumped from the freezer bag, boiled and plopped into a bowl.....awful!First time here and no reason to go back which is sad - location is great.
5	Great food, large coffee selection, and the best environment. This is the type of I would become a regular at.
3	We've been here a bunch of times with mixed reviews. For breakfast, the only way to go is the speciality pancakes. In my opinion, eggs and such are not really with the $$. We love the French press coffee. Also, good pastries. Service is getting better...which was needed.
5	This is my favorite brunch spot in Scottsdale.  I am literally heartbroken that they are closing.  I really hope Park Place Bar & Grill keeps the Brunch Burger and the other amazing hits from their breakfast menu.
3	I will start this review by reminding my readers that three stars means "A-OK", and that I firmly believe people go crazy with the "5".  So Orange Table is a "3" in my book, which means that it's A-OK.  And it's a MUCH BETTER OPTION than the chain, brunchy places on Scottsdale Road.Eggs, specials, and baked goods are solid.  Never greasy, never stale, always on.  Can't recommend any one dish over another.  It's all solid breakfast food, slightly up market, but by no means pretentious.  Staff at times appear to be either untrained or nonchalant.  Or both.I come here for brunch when in the area.  It is always my brunch standby.  It's A-OK.
5	It's been waaay too long since I've been here, but went today for lunch and it was EXCELLENT.  The Monaco Hash was to die for.  Want to go back again for the awesome Monkey Cakes - will be back - and much sooner!!!!
5	For all the breakfast places in old town, orange table never disappoints. The wait is always shorter, food better, and people nicer than the other breakfast "hot spots". Service is always friendly and on point. My husband and my favorite item by far is the green flannel with over easy eggs. It's similar to a corned beef hash but so much better with the green Chiles and bell pepper. Other favorites are the monkey cakes and their homemade chai tea. We always stick to our favorites because we haven't had anything else close to as good. There is a nice coffee bar and small alcohol bar inside as well. The location is kinda hidden which lessens the crowds (which we love). Don't tell too many people. :)
2	My second time with a large group of people and it was just as bad, probably worse. The food tasted great! Green chili burger was fabulous. Service was as good as it could be. Obviously something is terribly disorganized behind the scenes cause it takes forever to get a meal here. Worst of all, we had reservations! It was more than a 2 hour lunch when we had planned for a 1 hour lunch. Needless to say, expectations were far from met. Too many good restaurants in the area to settle for this.
3	This place is so so.  It was a litte hard to find (because there were no signs). We ordered a waffle special with chocolate chips and marscapone, the green flannel,  and the yogurt granola platter. The only thing that turned out great was the green flannel.  The waffle special was none too appetizing.  The special was a plain waffle with less than a dollop of the cheese chocolate concoction. -_- so really there was nothing none to special about it.  The granola yogurt bowls was decent but not the flavors I was imaging,  not to mention the yogurt was a little runny for my taste.  But that flannel....DELISH! the could save a little of the sour cream but I'd get it again.  So out of the 3 items purchased I'd rate this spot a 3/5. A second taste could change the score. That being said a point was lost for customer service. The staff seemed so uninterested in greeting and seating us. A buser came ove and slammed a glass on our table before realizing that we already had drinks. Sure we only had received our drinks after being there for 20 minutes,  not to mention that the water didn't even acknowledged us until I approached her. Soooo.......I'm not sure if there will really be a second visit considering they are in the process of changing the name of the outfit and possible the entire concept. So overall I'm at a 3/5 (a.k.a. meh) on the place.
2	So first off, an orange table on a sign on a pillar facing the opposite direction of the entrance into the park from the parking garage is not a great way to show people that your business is in fact right there.  We wandered to the left and right of the prominent Jewel of the Crown and finally had to call the brusque busy man who half thought we were at the Fashion Square though I started the conversation with where exactly in the mall are you because we're in front of AZ88.  We finally figure out the door which was also covered by a huge 7 foot tall man watching another man on a ladder screw in a bracket.  Both men have their backs to us and are completely blocking the door.  We walk up behind them and watch the man screw in the bracket and finally the tall man moves aside just enough for me to get to the door.  Guess they weren't expecting customers.The food itself isn't awful.  The bloody mary is tiny for a $7 cocktail and both burger and sandwich were a bit overpriced for what they were.  They both came with some potato chips and a pickle and came in a little over $10 each.  The burger was actually decent, though it was a little rare for a medium.  The flavor of the meat was actually quite nice.  The sandwich was ok, though it almost seemed like sliced deli meat pan fried (not a breast).  They're shutting down and renewing themselves as some other establishment.  Hopefully they'll have a sign up by then.
1	My daughter and I had a most unpleasant experience while paying our bill this morning at the Orange Table restaurant.  I had purchased a Local Dines for the Orange Table restaurant about a month ago.  The expiration date was September 27, 2014.  The bill came and I gave the server the Local Dines coupon and cash.  The server came back and told me that the restaurant was under new management and that they were not going to accept the coupon that I had already purchased.  He told me to contact Local Dines and that they would refund my money.  I asked to see the manager.  I told the woman who came to our table that nowhere was it posted that they were not accepting the Local Dines coupons and that the coupon was still valid and that I was not going to pay the $20 that they said I owed.  Another owner or manager came to the table and insisted that I pay.  I told him that I wasn't going to pay and that he should accept the coupon because it wasn't posted that they weren't being accepted. If it had been posted that Local Dines was not being accepted then we could have chosen to stay or to leave. He called me names and told me to leave and never come back- like we would ever go back there again.  But here's the thing- all of the customers that were sitting outside with us, who heard everything that was going on also said that they wouldn't have paid and they also said that they would not come back to the restaurant either. What horrible management. So, what could the owner/manager have done instead?  The owner could have said that they would accept the already paid for coupon but if I had any others, that I should contact Local Dines for a refund.  instead, he insulted us.  The restaurant is closing and reopening with the same breakfast and lunch menu, but they are adding a dinner menu. The name of the new restaurant will be called Park Place Bar & Grill.  I highly recommend that you NOT patronize this restaurant.  The food was good, but the wait time for the food was ridiculously long, and the owner's attitude was incredibly rude.Shame on the new management...I hope that they aren't planning to put too much money into the restaurant because if they treat their customers like my daughter and I were treated today, the restaurant will be closed before they have their grand opening.
5	Best breakfast place in town!
1	Service was mediocre. We had to keep asking for things (like water refills, a straw, hot sauce) that should have been automatically offered to us, the  management was rude from the beginning to the end, in fact we left early .   I own or have investments in over a Dozen Valley restaurants  I try to not write review that would bode poorly on my competition , however with Fresh Squeeze and  BreakFast Club a few blocks away one would  think the would try may try and  distinquish themselves.    Try the " pancake House on 68th and Camelback for a unique breakfast. The  fact that they are so close to one of scottsdales treasures " AZ88 " they would try would try a little harder. The restaurants I am affiliated with I have never reviewed , nor defended . One is also very close and  a partner suggested I try it , not a good choice for me .
