3	I was in Pittsburgh on business, and a friend suggested this place.  The food was nothing special, but the place itself is pretty cool.  TVs everywhere, a two way mirror in the men's room, and good service.  Pretty typical food, nothing special- not bad, not great.  Our server was mad cool.  For his service alone, I'd bump it up to a 3.5.
5	I'm a real sucker for a feel good story and Jerome "The Bus" Bettis is all of that and more.  So, what fan of the 5 time Super Bowl Champion Steeler's doesn't wanna eat at Jerome's restaurant?Located in the Del Monte building near Heinz Field, the outside patio has an awesome view of the Pittsburgh City skyline.  On a hot Saturday afternoon, we opted for inside.  We were here for a late lunch, so we didn't get really adventurous.  My friend had a highly recommended Fried Italian Hoagie.  It was stuffed with salami, pepperoni, cappacola, provolone and hot peppers, battered and then "yes" deep fried.  It was crazy good!  My simpler tastes went for the Apple and Blue Cheese Salad with sherry bacon vinaigrette and candied walnuts.  Needless to say, I helped my friend polish off his hoagie and we took most of my salad home!  They also have the very best raspberry iced tea ever!Service was great.  We had a team of servers attending to our needs, not just one.  They seemed to be working as a mob, even though the place was busy.My friend commented that the men's room had a two way mirror, I could live without knowing about that.  4 star restaurant, get's another star for being Jerome's.  I said I'm a sucker.  No, I'm a fan.  I love it!
4	The 4 stars isn't for the food, that was just OK (greek salad & hummus plate), it's for the atmosphere.  Especially if you are a Steeler/Bus fan.  I loved the full wall mural of him driving the ball.  I love the framed notes of good luck.  I loved the lights underneath the sinks in the ladies room and I loved the VIP room.  I so want to be invited into there!  Also, the beers are big!
3	I will do my best to not let the Steelers loss taint my review of the bettis grille.  This is in my estimation the best sports themed bar in Pittsburgh.  I usually swing by this place when the Steelers are playing at home, but this is the perfect place to watch a game when the steelers are away.  For some reason I always struggle with where to watch the game when the steelers are away, McFaddens is fine, guiness and all that, but the food is awful, the same can be said for calico jack's.  South side is also kind of meh' for Steeler sunday.  Bettis Grille was crowded yesterday, but not overwhelming.  I was there with about 8 people and while we only had one seat at the bar none of us had to wait for any real amount of time for a drink.  The space itself is very nice.  It has a huge football shaped bar with at least a dozen 50' plasmas with every game on.  I would characterize the food as good bar food or close to upscale casual.  I've tried many things here on muttiple visits and never been really disappointed. Yesterday we tried the burgers, which were cooked pretty well on soft buns with decent seasoning and plenty of melted cheese.  The chicken quesadillas were also adequate and the popcorn shrimp was served in style in a chinese box with plenty of veggies and ranch dressing.  They weren't overbreaded and had a nice amount of spice.  There is plenty of parking for $3 and if it's nice enough you can park a few minutes away and make the walk without the cost.  The mens bathroom is somewhat odd.  I mean it's nice enough with marble and plenty of room, but the urinals are facing a one way window out into the bar and maybe it's just me, but I findi it a bit disconcerning to think of a bunch of guys staring at whatever lady friend I happen to be with while they are doing their business.  Maybe it's just me.  I think it's a little overpriced for the booze.  I drank mostly guiness at $5 a draught, seems a little high and had a glass of wine or two for around $10.  Some of the girls ordered lemondrops for $8 a shot, seems a bit pricey, but I tend not to do candy shots myself.  Overall this is a good place and I'll definitely be back again.
3	Being a native of Dallas (Go Cowboys), I already had a negative perception of this Steeler restaurant.  But it won me over.  The wait on game/playoff/football weekend sucks...real bad.  But Pittsburgh loves its sport teams and I can respect that.When you first walk into the restaurant you notice all the black and gold and TVs.  There are flat panel HDTVs everywhere you turn, which are tuned into many different sports so you won't miss anything.As I was waiting for 1.5 hours I saw a waitress carry around a nice piece of steak.  It looked so delicious.  So I got it.  It was satisfying.  I also recommend the "house made bread pudding with sweet flakey croissants, oatmeal, and raisins" for dessert.  It is scrumptious.  I would recommend taking "The BUS" to this grill because parking in the lot across the street costs money.
3	Went with 5 other friends on Saturday after the penguin game.  First thing i noticed was the wait time and the many empty tables,  a true sign of poor management.  After waiting 25 minutes, we were seated.  The waitress took our drink order than came back two other times to get our food order without the drinks. I ordered the chips and salsa and it came with a large bowl of salsa with only a handful of chips.   The salsa was excellent but i ran out of chips within a few minutes and since our waitress disappeared they didnt get refilled until my meal was served.  I ordered the deep fried italian hoagie.   Like many things on the menu it sounded better than it tasted and it didnt help that we all sat there for too long with empty beer glasses.   Like this review, Bettis's was just your average sports bar with average food, but the atmosphere was cool and the outdoor seating is a plus so I am sure we will be back.  The stars are for the food only.
4	Had the assumption that a "celebrity/sports star" kind of place would be overpriced, crappy food, marginal service, you get the point. All UNTRUE here. I was very impressed. Happy hour at the bar (with a few seats open just prior to a Pirates home game), cordial servers, and a ton of different food offerings (from the healthy choice to the fried grilled cheese...). We had snacks at the bar (mini perogies and the pizza), and both were fantastic. That and 2 drinks each, and the bill was 24 bucks. May be high for Pittsburgh, but for those of us visiting from other areas, it was a steal. Extra bonus (so I'm told)- men's room has a 2-way mirror on top of the urinals that looks into the restaurant ...certainly interesting.
3	really cool place, down the street from heinz field.  huge bar on the inside, really large patio seating and the mensroom had a cool one-way mirror so you're lookin out into the restaurant while u pee.huge menu with a lot of different choices.  some dishes have a 36 logo next to it signifying it was one of bettis' favorites.  so based on that, i chose the turkey burger since i actually never had one before.  i will never get it again.  it looked terrible when the waitress brought it over and it tasted terrible.  made me really question the bus' taste.but the wings were really good.  my coworkers all ordered salads or wraps which looked pretty good.  they also have a good selection of beers and that day the special beer was $2.25 for a 20oz glass, which they said was pretty good (i didn't drink).overall, a decent spot, but i'll just try somethin other than the turkey burger next time i go.
3	I went here before a Pirates game and was a little disappointed, both with the pirates and the restaurant.  I love wedge salads and order them anytime they are on the menu.  This particular salad was $8, so I knew it was gonna be big which was ok since I was planning on splitting it.  Well, it was literally a head of lettuce with dressing drizzled over it.  As you might imagine, a coating of dressing over 1 piece of lettuce is not enough for an entire head of lettuce.  The burger I shared was ok, a little undercooked, not the best.  Our waiter brought us the wrong beer, so we got to keep the mistake for free which I guess makes up for the bad wedge salad.  The menu had a good selection of food.  Mostly burgers.  Everything was presented very nicely.  We sat outside along the river which was ok except it got a little windy and my poor mother had to sit in the sun since our table seemed to be the only one without an umbrella.  Oh, and the bathrooms in this joint were so dark!  I had to paw my way around to get where I wanted to go.  This makes me wonder what they are trying to hide. Hmmmmmmm......
4	Went here after a Steelers game along with a few hundred other people, it's right next to Heinz field.  Staff did a good job even though they were swamped, lots of TVs, even a few outside.  Saw lots of tasty looking food go by but was too busy drinking tequila to order any, couldn't tell you what the prices were but the Nacho plate was as big as a garbage can lid.
4	I think it is the best sports bar in Pittsburgh. the food is very good and the service rocks. i have been here many times for many different occasions and have never been dissapointed. I dont like Jerome Bettis personally ( I think he is a fake and I am not alone ) but his restaurant is a good place to hang out.
4	This is probably the best Sports Bar in Pittsburgh.  The amount of TVs here is just RIDICULOUS.  I mean, any game you want is on, with labels on all the TVs telling you what will be on.  It's very well planned out!  Food has been pretty great for me, as a seasoned lover of American bar food.  Any place that serves a deep fried cheeseburger or italian hoagie is allright by me.  The portions are large and everything has been well-prepared every time I go.  The bar has a great selection of craft brews and liquor, but don't go by the drink descriptions written on their drink menu...I've caught them cutting costs subbing out cheaper liquors for what is labeled on the menu as premium (triple sec for Grand Marnier, for example).  Otherwise, it's a great place to sit outside and have some great bar food and a beer.  Oh and guys...make sure you check out the bathroom...the urinals have a 2-way mirror that lets you watch the bar while you pee...very unique!
3	If you're a Steelers fan, how could you not eat here? Well I am a Steelers fan and I did.On first impression, it is a very nice place- clean and sharp in its decor. The menu has a pretty diverse selection of food, though most would fall into the category of "American".Starting with the chips and salsa, I was excited to hear the salsa was home made. What came out wasn't exactly salsa, but more of a bowl of diced tomatoes with a sprinkling of other ingredients. Not spicy at all. Just tomatoey. Not impressed.I had the llama burger which was the meat featured on Friday. I ordered it with the recommended Cajun mayo and sweet potato fries. it was pretty damn good. Not the best burger ever, but pretty good.My buddy got the buffalo chicken burger which apparently was not even good enough to finish... and he always finishes.So this isn't anything special as far as restaurants go, but it seems like a great sports bar. IF you can find parking.
3	I recently went there for my birthday lunch and found the atmosphere and interior styling to my liking. My burger also wasn't bad, nothing great, but not bad.As for the downsides. There service was incredibility slow, and my girlfriend had ordered the steak salad with subsituted the steak for chicken, and still had the pay the full $14. We both agreed this was a little steep for some lettuce and meat. I mean come on, the most your salads should be (especially the most popular/common one, most likely the reason it was $14) no more than $11 MAX! ]We'd probably go again at some point just for something different, but then again, theres no much that make this place really stand out, beside the fact that some Steelers often stop by.
4	Went to Jerome's on Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. The place wasn't crowded but the Pirates game was still going. Every TV in the place had a different baseball game which was awesome since I definitely enjoy watching baseball. I ordered the cheese flatbread which was actually very good and quite large. The Fiance ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was also quite tasty except that it was supposed to be on a kaiser roll but came out on a .25 hamburger bun. I definitely will visit again when I am back in the Burgh.
4	We went here and I couldn't decide what to get! We ended up with the deep fried pretzels, (while awesome, way too big of a serving for 2), and I got the deep-fried cheeseburger. It was the Best. Cheeseburger. of . My. Life!!!Prices were surprisingly low considering it's downtown on the river.The wait wasn't great, but it was a Saturday around dinner-time with a Dave Matthews Concert down the street... So I wasn't shocked at our 25 minute wait.Service was fantastic. The server admitted to being new, but still blew me away. I will definatly go back, just to try the things I didn't get last time.
2	Excellent example of a place that stays in business solely because of its location.  I ate at Jerome Bettis's on a college football Saturday, and it was crowded, but not packed.  Service was okay - friendly but slow.  The high point is definitely the location: can't think of a better restaurant patio in Pittsburgh.  The views of the rivers, point, and skyline are incredible.  They've got a lot of TVs, too - never a bad thing for a sports bar.Food was abysmal.  I had the Carolina pulled pork sandwich, which I knew would be bad.  (I have yet to find good pulled pork outside of dingy BBQ places in the Southeast.)  However, I was unprepared for what came out: the sandwich had cheese on top.  Maybe I should've read the menu more closely, but it would never have occurred to me that someone would even think to put cheese on one; even my Pennsylvania-native compadres thought it was weird.  (By the way, it tasted really bad, too.  It's been a long time since I couldn't finish an entree, but I left half the sandwich.)  The other guys with me thought their food was mediocre at best, and one couldn't finish her hummus because it had a weird flavor.  (I think they used really cheap minced garlic from a jar - had that weird jar garlic flavor.)Oh, the bathrooms are weird, too.  They have a 2-way mirror that looks out on to the street, but that means they have to keep it really dark so people can't see in.  It's basically too dark to see where you're peeing; imagine trying to hit a bullseye by candlelight.
5	This place is literally right next to Heinz Field. If you're coming here on game day, good luck getting a seat. Good luck even walking around inside. Even after the game, there's a long wait to get food and even inside the restaurant. But I mean, what do you expect when the owner is Jerome Bettis and you have a place right next to Heinz Field. I usually would take a star away for being overpacked but not here. So the last time I was back for a Steelers game, we hit this place up after pregaming hard in one of the red lots. Well. About 1.5 hrs until they opened the doors, we went to this place. I've heard quite a bit it here but never actually experienced it. We waited 30 minutes to even get inside. And once inside, it was hard to manoever aroud. I have no idea how we managed to snag a booth but we got a booth for 4 which was awesome. We ordered a plate of the nachos and a ton of beer. Guys, you have to check out the bathroom here. It's a one way mirror. You can see out of the bathroom while peeing and see everyone else drinking oblivious to the fact that you are taking care of business and they can't see you at all. Well. After the game, we came back for a late night dinner. The steelers won of course and everyone was really happy. The line up outside was probably about 45 minutes long but we waited 5 minutes to get inside. Here's a secret. If you say you're going to be drinking outside, you can just cut in front of everyone by walking to the outside drinking area then walk inside and a get a table. So once we got our table for 10, we started ordering. I saw a deep fried cheeseburger and just knew that I had to get it. I mean. I probably had about 30 beers during the course of the day along with nachos, primanti brothers during half time, de luca's works for breakfast so what's a deep fried cheeseburger going to do? Might as well go all out with the calorie count. So I got the cheeseburger and figured that it would be disgusting but I had to try it. My my ... was it awesome. I have no idea how they did it but the cheese just melted in your mouth. The burger was tender and juicy and the lettuce, tomatoes and onions were not touched at all. I am def. coming back here for game day next time but will have to get here hours in advance to get a good table.
4	I went here on a Saturday night with a couple friends from out of town before hitting the bars.  Perhaps not our first choice for an authentic Pittsburgh dinner but I had a gift card so we decided to give it a try. I also didn't mind rubbing Pittsburgh sports into my Philly friends' faces. We went during a Pens game and the place was pretty packed. We put our names in and got a drink at the CROWDED bar. The bar was definitely the sports crowd so I felt a little out of place in a "going out" dress.  We got a great booth with a TV in the dining area part of the restaurant. Food: I would give the food at 7 out of 10. I got the seared tuna which was quite a large portion of high grade tuna. Spicy and delicious. It came with "dirty rice" which mean chunks of sausage in the rice.  Not really my style so I got pilaf instead. One of my friends got the Mahi Mahi which was really good as well. I would never order a cream base pasta but a had more than a couple bites of it (if you order something healthy but eat someone else's unhealthy meal the calories don't count, its science) and I loved it! Other friend got a typical Pittsburgh steak salad minus the fries and onion rings (she doesn't understand this Pittsburgh staple). She liked it though. We started off with the goat cheese app. It wasn't culinary genius (goat cheese, marinara, warm bread, balsamic drizzle) but it was a good app to share and everyone liked it. Drinks: OOOO THE DRINKS! This is where the place went from a 3 star to a 4 star. After going to Church Brew Works the day before jonesing for a cocktail and coming up empty handed because they didn't have a list, this was a great surprise. About 40 speciality cocktails. 30 Beers on tap and 30 something bottles. Got a "healthy" Acai drink which was nice and girly. Then followed my cocktail with a....multiple beers. Great List. Something for everyone. Atmosphere: Not enough TVs, haha. The place was on the louder side because it was busy.  I thought drunk college kids were sitting behind us but it was actually a group of 50-somethings (classy, dad).  Overall the restaurant is beautiful for a sports bar. Definitely a tourist crowd especially with the Patriots game the next day. Service: Our server was great. She let my picky friends move to another table in the corner.  She was very knowledgeable( I want to give her props but a forget her name...brunette pony tail).  My (gay) friend was a fan of all the cute bus boys. He insisted they only hire gay bus boys because they won't pay attention to the games (haha).  Pro: Drink list, lively restaurant, quick service even though they were busy. Con: Bar was slammed almost like a crowded club. Some people were drunk and obnoxious ( if a had a couple more beers I wouldn't have cared). Generally good food. solid drinks. Just really Busy!
4	Not a bad place overall but don't come to it thinking you can get much of anything that is healthy.  The deep fried pretzels are AMAZING.Chipotle Turkey wrap (lunch special) is pretty good for what it is.Prices are good.  One of the cheapest places we ate at in Pittsburgh and also one of my favorite.
1	Had a very poor experience there related to customer service. Arrived to to get seating for a large table at 12:30pm.  They said they would not take names and hold tables. There were limited large tables open at that time, but only two of eight in our party had arrived so they wouldn't seat us.  We mentioned our party was expected around 1.  Around 1 they started a wait list and were not helpful when we asked to be listed on it.  They had not looked to save any large tables or opportunities to hold our group and were very rude when we asked again to try and be seated.  The rest of our party showed by 1:15 and it included 3 kids. At that time, there was nowhere for us to sit.   By 2pm, they had not followed up with us at all or tried to be courteous.  In fact, they were very unprofessional during the entire process.  I complained to the management since they "had no idea" about how long it would be to try and seat us. While I waited for more than an hour, they still made no effort to hold smaller tables open to try and accommodate our party.  By just after 2pm we said we were leaving and they seemed shocked.  Was also very frustrated the manager did not really try to solve any issues and help us out.  I didn't even get to eat there but my co-workers had lunch there other days and said their meals were "OK." They need to improve their approach to seating and customer service.  If they would have been more accommodating we would have been a large party with huge orders.  Instead, they ruined our day and their reputation among a large group of potential customers.
4	The first thing that comes to mind when I think of the Jerome Bettis Grille is Carrot Cake! A delicious, amazing big as your head Carrot Cake! And, if it's your birthday, it's FREE! I found this out by default, but now every time me and my friends have a birthday we head there for the free Carrot Cake. Carrot Cake aside, I've never had a bad meal there. The menu has a large variety of American food. The most famous item on there has to be the fried burgers and sandwiches. Which means exactly how it sounds. It's a sandwich or Burger dipped in the deep fryer and served straight to you. Not for people on a diet! The environment is obviously set up like a sports bar with TV's everywhere, so it's a great place to come before or after a Steelers or Pirates game. They have large outdoor eating area that overlooks the city, so you can't get much better than that!
3	Stopped here for a late lunch while out doing the tourist thing. I thought there would be more memorabilia, not as crazy as a hard rock but something. They have some funky burgers, with funky meats and one that's coated in tempura batter and deep fried! Menu is pretty big with a nice selection of salads, soups and flatbread sandwiches, as well as apps and meals Hubby had the Turkey Devonshire 7.99 lunch special, grilled turkey, garlic mashed potatoes and buttermilk biscuits, topped with smoked bacon, cheddar jack cheese, and a parmesan cheese sauce, which he liked and was a good meal for a cold, rainy day. I had the Kobe burger 11.99, ordered medium, came well done but it was still good, came with purple potato chips and a parmesan dip/sandwhich spread that was really good. If we come back I'm getting the Ultimate Mac and Cheese They have a really nice cocktail menu and my Tropicotton cotton candy martini was awesome! A+ Oh, and my Hub also liked being able to look at the whole restaurant through a one way glass while he was peeing. Men...
3	Bettis' is a fun atmosphere when you come during a sporting event. The bar will be packed, patrons noisy and loud cheering for Pitt or the Steelers. Lots of screens to watch and it's not too too hard to get a drink at the bar even when it's crowded.The food is pretty standard; nothing great even for bar grub - fried stuff, nachos, quesadillas, wraps, sandwiches and a few fancier looking items to round out the menu.Overall, the only time to come to Bettis' is when there's a corresponding game going on. It's a nice establishment, yes, but there are much better places around town if you want a proper meal, even by pub fare standards.
4	A few of us from North Carolina recently took a trip out to Pittsburgh for an NFL game and had an awesome experience at Bettis Grill.  We decided to pregame at Bettis Grill and it was a decision we would not regret.  The atmosphere was electric and the food was very good.  The nacho plate was enormous and did not skimp on any ingredients.  The best dish I had here was the Ultimate Mac and Cheese.  That dish was one of best mac and cheese dishes I have ever tasted. If you visit this place then it is a must order.  The prices were reasonable and the service was good considering it was game day the place was packed.  We also ordered multiple rounds of the liter shots which were strong, cheap, and good!  I would definitely visit this place again if I'm ever in Pittsburgh!
4	Enjoyed their outdoor patio after a concert the Friday of Memorial Day weekend with my wife.  Ordered the Deep Fried Cheesburger and had a coronary the next day.  Seriously, though, it was good, just a bit rich with all the fryer oil.
4	I've gone a few times for lunch during work and things have turned out much nicer. Prices are still the same, but the service was much better.
3	I love The Bus as much as the next Pittsburgher, but I normally stay away from celebrity endorsed restaurants as they strike me as fancy Applebees.Our group came here due to proximity to our hotel, and to the Grille's credit they had our group of 14 seated before we could finish a beer at the bar.The menu was pretty standard, and most of us stuck to burgers. Everyone seemed to enjoy the food, and they dedicated two servers to our table who did a great job.*Why only 3 stars? Well the seating area was pretty dirty with crap and food debris all over the floor. I know Bettis' mom personally** and I'm sure she would not have been happy with the cleanliness.Also, the 2-way mirror in the mens bathroom allows you creep on the hostess desk/entire restaurant while you pee. I'm a creep so I liked this, but it just felt so wrong.__________________* They even filled our request of delivering a round of shots we ordered and paid for by announcing they were "Compliments of The Bus!"** By personally I mean from the Campbells chunky soup commercials.
4	I was a bit nervous to eat here since I have heard bad things about this place, but we decided to eat here before the death cab for cutie show. And I must say it was pretty good. I had the buffalo chicken sandwich which was good and had a few bites of the deep fried hoagie, also good. They had 2.50 dos equis which is a great price. I think they were 20 oz.? We all got the artichoke dip before hand. Big pieces of artichokes. Plus, you gotta love that when you take a piss, there is a 2 way mirror while doing so. Cant say I ever pissed and looked at people sitting at a bar before...well at least that I can remember. I might even consider watching a pittsburgh stinker game here this year
4	Good food, great atmosphere. Bathrooms are neat. They have a two way window so you look on the bar as you go. They don't complain if you pop in just to use the facilities (like if you're hanging at stage ae.
4	Whenever I'm in Pittsburgh,  and I typically stay at the Hyatt Place Northshore...I hit up Bettis 36!  Food is good, staff is cool as sh*t!  If the weather is nice, sit outside and take a few cold ones back with a great view of the water and Mt. Washington.
3	Let me set the story...  It was a midsummer's eve and all was quiet on the street.   After having a lack luster happy hour next door at the Tilted Kilt - I decided to get my food on.What did I have, say you?    I had a cheeseburger.   It was not just any cheeseburger.   It was a DEEP FRIED CHEESEBURGERLet me say this about the cheeseburger.   The cheeseburger probably would have been really bad if it had not been DEEP FRIED (I feel like I have to capitalize because it was really good).I believe I will eat everything DEEP FRIED for the rest of my life as soon as they make a difibulator smaller than my iPod NanoThe food was good - $8-23 for entreesThe atmosphere was okay (it was really quiet but I blame the economy)The drinks were good I say support your teams and your businesses.   I will go there again (and try the DEEP FRIED Hoagie - yes they have one of those too :-)) on my way to my meeting with Jenny CraigEnjoy!
1	The only word to describe this situation is HORRIFYING. I'm going to start this with clarifying statements.1. I know how busy restaurants get on Saturdays. 2. I understand it was exactly the time for that late dinner/drinks crowd.3. The North Shore gets crazy when there is a Pitt game, even away games.4. I have worked in restaurants before. THE WAIT:That all being said, we expected a longer wait for a table. What we didn't expect though, was to be told that they "in no way could even give you an estimate on how long this will take."  We had a party of 5 people, not a large group at all. After standing outside in the beautiful weather drinking beers, we soon realized that we'd been waiting for nearly 2 hours.Eventually this lovely hostess, Christine, approached us (they call your cell phone when a table becomes available) and asked us how long we'd been there. We told her and she immediately got us a table. She was truly a great employee. THE FOOD:Finally seated, it was another 5-10 minutes before a waiter came over. His name was Bobby and he was clearly young and new to serving. He was running circles around the tables. He obviously had a full section. 2 in our party ordered wings as an appetizer and those actually came out really quickly. They smelled great and I don't think either of them had any qualms with the taste either. This is where took a quick and crazy downturn. We asked the waiter for napkins and refills on beers, we didn't see him again for 10-15min. I actually had to flag down a bus boy/food runner for napkins/silverware. The waiter stopped back and we reminded him about the drinks we needed, which by this point had gone from 2 to 4 beers. We placed our order and 1 in our party ordered the 36 steak. In case you're not familiar with this it's a 56$ 36oz steak. This is a serious piece of meat. He ordered it medium well, and the waiter did let us know that this may delay the food coming as this steak is thick. The rest of us ordered various burgers. By this point I'm starting to get hangry (an anger driven by extreme hunger). I made certain to stop and tell 2 manager/supervisory types how great Christine was doing and she had even stopped back to check on us just to make sure things were ok! THE HORROR:We have been at this place for 3 hours now. Waiting for food for a little over 1.5 hours. The general manager stops over to our table with some of the absolute WORST customer service skills I've ever encountered. He did apologize, but it went like this... "We really don't know when you food will be out. Our kitchen is sort of down right now. It's coming eventually, bro." The member of our party who ordered the 36 actually asked him to just forget the steak and get us 5 burgers to go so we could go back to our boat. He also mentioned that if the meal was free we would leave with our burgers to go, make sure to really take care of the server, and leave as happy as possible. The manager's exact words... "I don't care if the server gets taken care of, I just want the customers to be happy." I was so offended. As I mentioned, I've worked in the food industry as did someone else in our party. That's just too much. The food came out about 5 minutes after that, including the steak. The steak was so bad that my friend couldn't eat it. It was cold and dry it almost made me choke. This was Denny's/Eat N Park grade steak, not 56$ steak. My boyfriend and our friend had the deep fried burger, I tasted that and it was delicious too.  Here is where I snapped though... I ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheddar burger with a side of sweet potato fries. I am shaky at this point as I've been on a boat in the sun and haven't eaten anything. I put the top of the bun on my burger and grab a steak knife as I almost always have to cut a burger in half. I saw the burger in half, drooling as meat juices (I also like it medium rare.) and bbq sauce is squishing out. I pick up half of the burger and notice in the very low lighting something far brighter pink than the meat right in the middle of my burger. A PIECE OF PINK PLASTIC IN THE MIDDLE OF MY BURGER. I knew immediately what it was, it was the medium rare indicator that they are supposed to stick in the top of the burger. It was laying flat IN THE MIDDLE OF MY MEAT. I shot up out of my seat and took it right back inside and forced the manager to take it from me. I reminded him that this food can't get any more free than it is right now, and I don't have another 3 and a half hours to wait for food. He tried to tell me that it couldn't have been inside it. To which I picked up the other half and pulled the cut in half indicator out of the center. I didn't even get to eat dinner after 4 hours of waiting.Never ever ever again. I left starving and angry.
3	Don't come here for the food.  Come here because, like me, you are visiting from out of town to attend a Steeler's game and you like being surrounded by the excitement!  The boneless wing appetizer was no different than what you buy frozen in the grocery store.  The Australian Grouper sandwich was not delicious but the sweet potato fries that came with it were.  The vegetarian burger was incredibly dry and bland.  The carrot cake was as HUGE as my husband's HEAD with lovely cream cheese icing (not taking off points for the embarrassment I felt when it was delivered to my table).  The service was very good - our waitress was terrific.  She responded well to all of our concerns.  Great service  made up for mediocre food.  I wasn't expecting much, I am kind of a food snob,  but I knew what I was getting myself into when I came here.    Very very loud, they do not take reservations, kid's are okay, casual, full bar, very crowded on game day, special events menu on game day (not the full menu you see on the website).  Come for drinks.  GO Steelers!
2	They have a pretty wide menu, but it's generally a more unhealthy fare, such as the deep-fried Italian hoagie. The turkey burger is pretty good. Portion size is good, and it's more likely you'll leave stuffed than hungry. Service is horrible. We waited 40 minutes for food and they weren't even that busy.
3	the food was excellent and the selections were interesting... A wide variety of American food with s twist!!  I ordered a simple steak salad but it was by no means simple, it was extravagantly tasty!  this is a great place to go if your in town and enjoy  great food and watch a game!!
3	In the area for a conference and went to this place twice.  It's a good sports bar with lots of TVs, lots of room, and great bartenders. It's right next to the Steeler stadium, so the crowd seems to be mostly hotel guests from the surrounding blocks or bar regulars. The menu is pretty vast, but my burger was great. Most of the sandwich options my colleagues ordered were well received. I made the mistake of ordering some shrimp/cheese wonton as an appetizer and that really missed the mark. But it seems like this place will have a beer, cocktail, and dish for everyone.
4	Very close to football and baseball stadiums. Lots of TVs. I loved how they had magnets underneath each TV showing which games that TV would show.30 beers on tap.Very friendly and attentive waitress.Mac and cheese was awesome.
3	I like this place, but have to admit I've only been here on weeknights when there is nothing going on at any of the neighborhood venues. So I can't comment on how things are when it's packed. The menu runs the gamut from typical (and reasonably priced) sports bar fare (wings, burgers, etc.) on up to more expensive steaks and "specialties". I've found the food to be inconsistent, very satisfying on one visit and then disappointing on the next. But I come to watch my favorite NY sports channels (yep, they get MSG, SNY and YES) while eating at the bar, so I can live with the average food. There is a nice selection of beer and wine, but prices are a bit steep ...$6-7 for a pint of craft beer, $8-10 for a glass of average wine.Service has been friendly and efficient on my visits, but again, the place has not been particularly crowded when I've been here.I will also add that the space is very nice. Not only is the restaurant right on the river with a pleasant outdoor patio area for dining, the interior is really very upscale for a sports bar.
2	The saving grace of this place is its location.  The seating area outside has a great view of the city/rivers.  But...service was horrible.  The food was sub par.  They do have a good beer variety.  I'm sure this place does well during game time, but it's a typical sports bar.
3	So.....Jerome Bettis Grille 36....it is what it is (or trying to be) - an upscale sports bar.  I made my first stop here before a Pirates game on a rainy evening.  There were good things and bad, but after reading other reviews and marinating on my own experience, I'm landing on 3 stars.  I'd give an extra half star if I could. I don't know why exactly I thought it wouldn't be crowded.  Sure, it was a Saturday evening.  And yeah, okay, the Pirates were playing at home.  But the weather wasn't great and I'm pretty sure there were more people here than at the game I went to later.  However given other North Shore restaurant options, this is probably the best.  Not that I hated it at all.  As I stood around with my friends waiting for a table, we watched many tasty looking dishes taken into the dining room.  I was tempted to start grabbing bites as the plates were carried past by unassuming waiters.  Needless to say, we were kind of hungry.  So when a few seats opened on the bar side, we decided to sit there and avoid a long wait for a table.  To hell with civility.Our waitress, once we established who would be taking our order, was very friendly.  Our drinks were never empty and she helped us navigate through some of the choices on the menu.  (Originally I thought about ordering two dinners just because I couldn't decide.)  I ordered Our Ginormous BLT Double Grilled Cheese Ranch Burger - recommended by our waitress above the deep fried burger.  She said what I got was her favorite, but by the looks of her, she didn't eat too many of them.  We also ordered the Deep Fried Pretzels and Buffalo Shrimp Wontons for appetizers.  My friends also ordered from the burger options.  The Deep Fried Pretzels were pretty good, but the Buffalo Shrimp Wontons were pretty stellar.  My burger was just okay, mostly because I ordered it medium and it was charred.  Overall, though, we had a pleasant experience.  Great service and reasonable prices for good food.  And because I only ordered one entree, I will be back to try the others I resisted in ordering the first time.
3	So I was at a yoga class with my close personal friend, Snooki, from TV's "Jersey Shore".  While doing a Warrior One pose, she whispers to me "You know, it's really fun to take a leak in public".  Knowing how conservative and middle-aged I am, I figured she was just trying to get me to blush so I told her to zip it.  Of course if she could do  that, she wouldn't be pregnant now!Fast forward to lunch on a sunny Saturday at Jerome Bettis' Grille 36....I visit the men's room and lo and behold, they've got this one way mirror in front of the urinals so you're facing the bar while taking a leak!  You can see people right outside but they can't see you (at least I hope not).   That was a very freaky experience, but I can see where Snooki was coming from...it was kind of cool.Now, onto the food.My friend and I sat on the patio. It was sunny and we weren't under a tree so it got pretty hot with no shade.   We started with the soft pretzel sticks.  They were great!  Then my friend had the mac and cheese and I had the meat lover's flat bread.  He liked his food and mine was tasty, although if the flatbread had been crispier, it would have been nearly perfect.Our server was like a Pittsburgh version of Matthew McConaughey.  He was laid back to the point of being in a coma and I could barely understand a word that he mumbled.  But he was nice, our drinks were never empty and he got us our food, so there you go.The decor is really nice and everyone there was friendly.  I don't think it's fine dining, but for solid food and nice service, I would recommend this place.
2	tourist trapnouna place, as a restaurant, shop, or hotel, that exploits tourists by overcharging.Keep your $9.00 shots and lackluster service to yourself.  Sorry to say, but if the staff here was Bettis' blockers, he'd have negative yards.  So disappointed.
3	This bar has a nice decor honoring the Steelers and their great Jerome Bettis. The bar is large in the venue and seats many comfortably. There is also seating indoors and outdoors to enjoy a beverage and dine. When outdoors or near the rear of the restaurant you can enjoy a view of Pittsburgh's rivers.They have a good selection of beers, wines, and cocktails.One interesting item is the "spying" window in the men's restroom. When taking a leak, the urinals double as an observation deck for the bar.Unfortunately, we didn't have a chance to sample the food during our visit, but hope to on a future visit.
4	Went here for a Pirates Mets game. Mac and cheese is to die for! Decent food.
3	As others have mentioned this "upscale sports bar" has a great location, especially when there is a game or a show nearby later. I love sitting in the bar because of all the windows and how nice and airy it makes the place seem.However, contrary to what Bettis Grille may want to believe, this is really just a slightly nicer than average sports bar. The food's not bad. It's not great, but I've had much worse. It sits somewhere in-between. I've never had bad service, but I have only ever say at the bar and thus can't comment on the servers. The beer selection is decent, but watch out for those cocktails and shots. A mimosa one Sunday cost me almost $9. Ouch.If you're sitting at the bar, the TV setup is really wacky. I don't know, I just think they could have done better with that. Then again, considering this is a big sports town, I'm a little disappointed at the TV setups in most of Pittsburgh's sports bars.All in all I haven't mind any of the times I've visited, though this place is nowhere the top of my list. It's just kind of there.
4	Deep fried italian hoagie, giant slice of carrot cake, two way mirror in the pisser?  This place rocks, plus, who doesn't like bussy?
5	Very good Mac and cheese, and the bulgogi taco was a great appetizer. A little pricey, but very good!!!
3	The view from the men's room was unique.  Since it is, I wonder if anyone else has picked it up?  (Probably some place in Tennessee).  We hit it right before a Pirates game, sat outside, and put up with slow service.  The food and drinks were good enough, although hamburgers came with and without specific fixings.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again, but might have to use the men's room.
2	Dropped in here when on a quick trip through town. Frankly, I was kinda bummed about the food.  90$ for six for lunch including a child and all of our dishes were mediocre at best. Soggy fries that no one finished, overlooked flavorless burgers and dry chicken sandwich.  Each person left less than satisfied. The burgers were clearly not fresh, they looked like the kind you get out of the freezer case. Service was a bit haphazard. Kept our drinks filled but didn't put condiments on the table, had to get them myself. Server was nice enough though. The location and atmosphere held promise and the outdoor seating is great.   Everything else is subpar.
3	I had a quesadilla and chicken salad.  The quesadilla was okay, while the chicken salad was great.  We sat inside and the music was a bit too loud to talk with my friend.  The outside seating area looked awesome, so we should have sat there.  The server was extremely friendly and very attentive.
3	No doubt Jerome Bettis was an outstanding football player, but I was unsure of his culinary qualities. I decided to give his Grille 36 a try and was pleasantly surprised. The menu is so diverse and features a lot of choices. The pierogies were delicious, as was the Moroccan pomegranate BBQ chicken. On a second visit, I had the Cabo Burger, with shrimp, Monterey jack cheese, and an orange/lime spread. Interesting and tasty, although a bit greasy; I felt a little sick afterwards. I thought well of the service; our waitress was friendly, and the service was quick. Playing a Miley Cyrus song, however, is a black mark. Really Jerome? You're better than playing Miley Cyrus in your restaurant.
1	So we've now went to Jermoe Bettis Grille 36 4 times to keep trying it and officially are DONE with it. Every time, it's mediocore at very best. Second time we went we took Steeler fans from out of town who wanted to try it because well they loved The Bus and love the Steelers. So we went. All ordered the cavatapi mac and cheese. All 3 were cold to the point that the shredded cheese they put on top not only didn't melt it was still cold throughout. Gave it a stir. Still cold througout. Sent back and ordered buffalo chicken tenders. Came out like fryer had never been changed in a year - had that burnt taste to the breading, and they came out cold. Allow me to mention I hate my food too hot anyways so it has to be colder than hell before I'll notice. Third time we ordered the nacho tower thingie. Mound of chips. Well it's huge. But once you get one inch into the nachos, you have 4-5 inches of chips left and no toppings. And again - cold. Cheese is melted a touch but rest of toppings are cold and make it cold as well. Wife ordered one of the deep fried hoagies. INteresting I suppose. But cold in the middle, what a trend here. Fourth and FINAL time we went - here recently. Got a wild hair and decided to go in for appetizers. Got the firecracker shrimp thingie appetizer, and the breading all came off the shrimp. None of it stuck. Then our chicken tenders were not fully cooked in the middle. I kid you not they were pink.We're done. We wanted it to be good since we're homeowners downtown. But with all the new great places opening up we don't need it to anymore. Besides the game day crowd will keep it open me thinks. But it really is pretty mediocre food. And not in a good way. Service wise - not too bad actually. Rather attentive actually. Oh and the mens room, make a trip just for that. The urinals are below a two way mirror. You are behind hostess stand about 2-3 feet from other patrons staring right at them as you piss. It's awesome. You're looking right at them through the two way mirror as you handle your business. Coolest bathroom ever. Food wise - just don't go.
3	Soon to be famous deep fried cheese burger--OMG!!! Need I say more? Of course there are other items available on the menu.  It's always crowded on game days so I would recommend going on a non-game day if you want better service.
3	Had to check it out before the Pirates game.  It actually isn't really all that football-y though, other than the huge picture on the one wall.  It feels like any Pittsburgh sports figure could have opened this up and done the same thing, like Louis Lipps or Andy Van Slyke. It's just a kind of fancy looking sports bar that gets away with being overpriced due to the location.  The one thing that stands out is the men's room, probably one of the coolest public bathrooms I've ever been to.  The two way mirror is a fantastic touch.  Good job by The Bus on that one.
4	Great service, clean, unique atmosphere, and extra bonus for the men who need to use the restroom. ;-)   I got the turkey burger, and it was quite possibly the best I've ever had... seriously.   Also got wings that were tasty.  Not terribly pricey.   Definitely recommend this place if you are downtown.
2	Food: The menu offers pretty much exactly what you would expect Jerome Bettis himself to eat, a lot of meat and hearty sides, but also features a surprising number of vegetarian choices for a grill owned by a former NFL player as robust as The Bus.  Carnivores will have no problem finding something that sounds good on the menu, and I'm sure the food is up to par with any other steakhouse its size and scale.  Some menu items are noted with a "36" as "Jerome's favorites" (hint: Jerome does not prefer vegetables), while others are noted with a differently colored "36" to show that they are vegetarian.  Those items include a homemade veggie burger, gnocchi, linguini, salads, and a handful of appetizers.  We ordered the hummus, which was pretty bland and had almost no flavor.  Unlike most restaurants, which load you up on hummus and skimp on the pitas, Bettis does the opposite, providing a mound of pitas and a less hummus than you would expect.  We each ordered the homemade veggie burger, which was impressive as a concept (for this type of restaurant), but Jerome needs to talk to some of his vegetarian NFL friends (Tony Gonzalez, Arian Foster) and revamp this burger.  It had little flavor and a sloppy texture and had standard, bland toppings like onion, a massive leaf of lettuce, and a slice of tomato.  The strawberry cilantro dressing sounded great but was barely noticeable.  The best part of the meal was the huge pile of sweet potato waffle fries that came as a side.  We didn't order dessert after being underwhelmed by our dinner.Price: Jerome has to pay the bills for this amazing location (see below), but the prices are generally fair.  This isn't a cheap meal, but not expensive either.  Appetizers range from $6-13, and sandwiches or entrees range from $10-19 (except for the $54 36 oz. steak).  The special cocktails are a little pricy but there is a full bar with cheaper cocktails and at least one beer special which is more affordable.Drinks: The bar is the Grille's strongest feature.  There is a huge list of draft and bottled beers, an extensive wine list, a full-service bar and specialty cocktail list, and even IBC Root Beer and Red Bull.  We tried a special cocktail, The Jolly Roger, which wasn't cheap but was made strong and was pretty tasty, before switching to one of the many beer options.Atmosphere: The restaurant aspect is pretty standard with large and small tables, indoor and outdoor seating, televisions playing sports, and music blasting.  The bar is a huge oval with many seats, a lot of fast-moving bartenders, and even more TVs playing almost any live sporting event that you'd want to see.  The entire place is littered with signed notes on the walls from former Steelers and famous athletes.  Just reading these notes, if you're a sports fan, will keep you busy throughout dinner.  If you're like me, and the Steelers are almost as important as your family, you'll want to try this place once and will probably be somewhat biased in a positive way, like the homer that you are on Sunday afternoons.  The men's restroom has the now famous two-sided mirror that looks out into the bar and front door of the restaurant, which is a unique perspective while relieving your bladder.  Due to its proximity to Heinz Field and Stage AE, the place gets super busy before a big event.  It was packed when we went, but we only had to wait 10-15 minutes for a table for two.  The bar fills up quickly, but there are enough bartenders to get a drink without too long of a wait.  This is probably a good place to watch a game, but is much busier and more frantic than your neighborhood pub.Service: Everyone was friendly and efficient, particularly the bartenders.  Despite being slammed before a concert at Stage AE, the bartenders were hustling to get everyone drinks fast.  We didn't wait long for a table, put in our order quickly, and had quick refills on waters and drinks.  (+): awesome location, plenty to drink, owned by a legendary former Steeler(-): average food, lacks the authenticity of a smaller bar/restaurant, nothing specialWould I go back again? If I had tickets to a show at Stage AE or a game at Heinz Field and forgot beers for tailgaiting at home or it was raining, probably.  Sorry Jerome; watching highlights of thunderous runs with tacklers bouncing to the turf gives me goosebumps, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to come here for the generic food on just any old night.
5	Fantastic Bartenders, the best in Pittsburgh.  Amanda is the best. Dave, Julia, and Marybeth are fantastic. Missy is always ready to serve, Only complaint is Julia is waiting on tables instead of serving at the bar.
3	The atmosphere is a great sports bar and convenient to Heinz and PNCs stadiums. The menu was very big though.  Food was OK nothing to brag about.  Most things were fried or greesy in terms of menu items.  I had a burger which was pretty good.  The fries weren't that great.  I'd go back if I was in area but nothing I would make plans for.
4	Ate here while traveling for business.  I had the tropical shrimp salad which was fresh and flavorful.  The only glitch was the service which was comprised of college students fumbling around apologetically "Sorry, I'm new..."
4	I realize the term "sports bar" can mean just about anything nowadays, but I wanted to finally check out JBG36 after a long afternoon of snacking at the ballpark. I can't comment on the interior restaurant because we opted for an outside table. Maybe that's good, maybe that's bad, but either way I was pleased.The drink list, as well as the menu, was more extensive and varied than I first assumed, with decent selections of draft beers and mixed drinks. I decided on the Turkey Burger with sweet potato fries, which were both very good. For dessert: Turtle cheesecake...excellent! As far as the service, the waiter was very personable and friendly throughout the meal even though he was very busy with numerous tables. Prices were surprisingly reasonable as well.Spending a warm, beautiful evening outside, eating/drinking on the North Shore and admiring the Point and city skyline sunset was a great way to end the day.
5	YUMMY in my tummy. This food is some good eats really, but if you're a foodie (ie food snob) don't bother. It's bar type food. It is awesome,hearty, flavorful, and surly fattening the portions are Jerome Bettis approved. I love their souped up bar food...the pretzels are a thing to be devoured Our service has been top notch twice, And We were even invited into the "owners box" last time. It was amazing.
4	Before reading this review please know I'm not a local, my family is from Pittsburgh and we've been wanting to try Grille 36 for awhile. These reviews made me laugh though. Cmon...when you walk into this place you should know exactly what you're getting yourself into. Throw healthy out the window-drink a beer, eat some nachos and watch some sports. Enough said. I get giddy every time I visit Pittsburgh. My family drove from DC to Detroit to see the Bus in the Superbowl. Sitting on a bar stool at Grille 36 just flat out made me happy. I don't even remember if the food was good actually. Or if it was loud, or if the service was good for that matter. I remember meeting nice people,  there were sports on everywhere, I was with my family, and it was a blast.
5	Came into town for the Monday night game and were else would you go for some pre- game, but to the Jerome Bettiss' Grille. Read some of the earlier reviews and got kind of nervous.  However all I can say to that is, it's a sports bar, they serve beer and it's awesome. Came in a few hours before the game hoping it would be packed and it was, Steeler nation was in the house. Lot of T.Vs to watch and a nice gated outdoor area to hang out it. Not a better place to get warmed up, ramped up, and ready for Heinz field!Beer is cold and food is exactly what I want out of a sports bar.  Had the Bulgogi and some wings for some dinner and they were both delicious.  Bulgogi came in a flour tortilla with a wasabi slaw and a spicy Asian chili sauce.  Wings came in orders of 9, 18, and 36, so I went with 18 with the hot garlic parm sauce. With all those wings I had to drink plenty of beer to wash them down with.  The bar had my favorite on draft magic hat #9 and all six were just as good. Each one even got a little better. Jerome Bettis Grille was exactly what I was looking for, great atmosphere, great people and great Service.  If you're looking for a fine dining experience, a quiet place to be with your friends, and a lame night probably not the place for you. If you want to rock out with some great Steelers fans then this is the place for you.
4	Atmosphere. That's what this place has. If you want to go to a top notch sports bar, Jerome Bettis Grille is the place in Pittsburgh.An excellent bar, with over 30 beers on tap,many being craft beers. Big selection of liquor and a good wine selection. The bartenders are awesome, very attentive and quick. Lots of tv's to watch your favourite sports events. The lounge and patio are spacious with both lots of standing and sitting room.The restaurant has lots of seating and wonderful food.  The menu has a great variety of choices to please all palates.  You have to definitely try the deep fried pretzels...they are amazing!!  If you're up for the challenge, try the 36....and kudos to you if you finish it.There were a few reviews that said the food here was 'pub' style.  We thought the food was definitely a few notches above that.  We all had something different and the food was fabulous.We will be back!!!!!!
3	We came here after the Polar Bear Plunge and got some appetizers and a couple drinks. We asked the bartender for a pancake shot and she didn't know how to make it so her recommendation was a Washington apple instead--not exactly what we were looking for, maybe she was new? The place has a bajillion tvs and is very nicely decorated. I'd like to go back during regular business hours.
4	4 stars. Cool sports bar in between PNC Park and Heinz Field. This place quiet possibly has one of the coolest bathrooms ever (you will have to experience it for yourself). Ordered a couple of IC lights before the Pirates game.
5	Food is amazing.  Tried the mac and cheese, best I've had in a while.  Fun place to watch games, or pre-game for a Steelers or Pirates game.
2	On our first visit, we had to wait for over an hour to be seated and could barely find a place to stand while we waited. Once we finally sat down and got our food I was very disappointed. Usually when a place charges this much for food they tend to use higher quality ingredients. Not here. I sampled food from a number of people's plates and was let down each time. The ribs I got were fatty and tough and the other food I tried was no better. What a let down.We have returned a few times but only to have drinks and those were very good.
4	Deep fried pretzels! That was the first thing we noticed after we were seated on the appetizer menu. We went to Jerome Bettis on Friday night for our weekend stay in Pittsburgh. Given the fact that there was a baseball game that night and this is a sports bar, it wasn't that busy and we were seated right away. Our waitress was attentive and got our drink orders and our appetizer order right away. The pretzels were served with honey mustard and our waitress also suggested we get the queso to dip also. So good! When it came time to order our entrees, I went with the shrimp tacos and my boyfriend ordered the BBQ Bacon burger. I was slightly underwhelmed with my tacos. They were good but not fantastic. I tried Shane's burger and fries and they were great! It was a nice, low key dinner which was exactly what we were looking for after driving all day on Friday.
4	This was my first experience here.  I went with some friends to watch the Pen's game.  We sat at the bar.  There were plenty of large screen TVs to look at.  Usually bar food isn't great, but I had a burger with barbecue sauce and bacon on it.  It was a great burger!  The fries were delicious too.  My only complaint was that if you weren't drinking beer, the drinks were very expensive!  $9.00 for a Royal Flush!  All in all, I'd go back.
3	Try the pomegranate martini, it's awesome! Their signature dish is the deep fried burger but I didn't like it that much.
4	Went here with my ten month old and wife.  We thought was just a tourist trap type of place but it really surprised me! I love the combination of foods they have. Very good place and great service !Actually went there twice during our four night stay in Pittsburgh.
3	Service was a little slow at the bar but it was a Sunday evening. Great Big Screen televisions with good visibility  from all areas of the bar. Food was good though! Kind of a unique menu with some homemade options.
2	This place has many pluses... The location is super nice, tv's for everyone, outside seating is on the river and overlooks the point... All very nice...The drink selection isn't bad either... but the food...eek. Ok, so I'm a veg, which may be where the problem lies... but I have eaten here twice, and not been impressed either time.Chips and Salsa are out of a jar and bag... blehCaesar salad was ok, but nothing great...mehVeggie burger was ... oh how do I put this in to words that describe the horror...the veggie burger was a disgrace to humanity and to all things living and to everything that is to be born in the next century. I mean it wasn't just terrible, it was effing TURRIBLE... soggy, mushy, lukewarm, baby food consistency, tasteless, oh god please help me finish some of this so I don't look like an idiot on this date, shit... A true disgrace.Bettis, seriously, F***ing seriously, 86 it. Forever.
4	As a HUGE Steelers fan, every trip to da Burgh includes a stop at Bettis's.  The food is . . . good (not great).  I've seen Jerome in there more than a couple times (which is nice).  As a Steelers fan, it's just something ya gotta do.  It's located just a hundred or so yards from Heinz Field.  It's THE place to catch the early games while standing at the bar pounding Iron City's as you wait to enter Heinz for the 4pm or prime time kickoffs. They offer a 36oz steak if you've got your inner Adam Richman going on.  I wouldn't go there for the food if it wasn't Jerome Bettis's place.  But, it is, so I do.  Go Stillers!
3	Food and atmosphere was decent. You pay a premium for the name and the location though.
4	What an experience! We didn't have very high expectations because of a few negative reviews but we were pleasantly surprised! Large portions, great "bar food", cool indoor atmosphere, and an AWESOME outdoor seating area right on the riverwalk! Only reason I don't give 5 stars is it is a tad overpriced. But not a deal-breaker by any means.Oh...and make sure you try the "Purple Rain" cocktail if you like sweet drinks.
4	It has an outstanding location between Heinz field and PNC Park. I thought this might be a tourist trap type of place.  But loved Jerome Bettis as a player and decided to go just the same.The food was very good and the prices were not bad considering its location.  Let me just say this; don't eat here if you are not very hungry.  As one Steeler wrote on the wall, "You can tell this is a big guy's place!"  That sums it up the portions are very large and most of the food is not very good for you.  I even saw a deep fried hamburger on the menu (not kidding).We got the nachos for an appetizer and could have stopped right there.  It was the biggest nacho appetizer I have ever seen in a restaurant. My wife and I both got different salads which were wonderful but we could not finish because of the nachos.  The kids got cheeseburgers which they could not even eat half of.The seats are comfortable and there are flat screen televisions everywhere you look.  We saw that several of the booth tables had their own TVs too.The only negative was that there is no parking expect for the lot across the street and price to park there varies depending on the day and what is going on around that location.  Parking can vary from $5 to $25.
4	Not a bad place to check out if you are on the Northside.  Reasonably priced and good sports bar feel.
4	Visiting the city for a pre-season Steelers game, we had to stop here for dinner. I'm glad we did. Friendly waitstaff, pleasant atmosphere (not loud, maybe that's in the bar, where you would expect it to be loud), good food. I had the chicken quesadilla, which was prepared differently than I am used to but I loved it.  I didn't think it was expensive at all as some other reviewers thought but, hey, I'm visiting from metro NY so perhaps my expectations are different.
2	This two star is based on overall appearance, ONLY. Grille36 managers please take heed and don't get angry, just go it. I like the appearance of the place, but there are way too many bugs and the bar area stinks.... BaaaaaaaaaaDuh! The floor around the bar was extremely sticky on my visit. The bar towels that were being used were gross, leaving the bar itself sticky and stale smelling. My advice: let's get these bar tenders to be more consciousess about cleaning better. I mean HELL.... Not just 5 minutes ago.... One of em dropped a beer glass as he was filling it, and automatically slung his hands back.... AT ME..... Along with beer. Thanks. Lets clean up your act.
2	Also as a huge Steeler fan, I was expecting more.  Nothing special here, food was decent.  Service was slow.  I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to come here.  This restaurant is pretty much the same as the Indianapolis Colts Grille owned by the same group.
4	This place is owned by "The Bus" from my favorite team THE STEELERS and he is from Michigan where I currently live so know I had to check it out.  Enjoyed this place. It is right off of the waterfront in downtown Pittsburgh. It has TV's in every location of the restaurant and has outdoor sighting with a good view of the riverfront. The food was ok but if you are a sports fan it  is definitely the place to be. Parking is across the street and convenient.
4	This place has a great location next to Hines Field. I came in hungry and still hungover from the night before and they help fix both issues.  We had bloody marys that hit the spot and I had short rib tacos that were pretty good.  My wife a club sandwich  that was very good. They sell Bettis Items and have TVs everywhere.  Get there early on game day because it will get packed.
4	I went here for the first time this week.  The bugers we had were very good.  I had the Bettis 36 burger and it ranks right up there as one of the best burgers in the burgh.There are not many healthy options and don't even think low calorie when you go here.  Just go and have fun.The fried pretzels ARE kick ass.  Get both the chesse and the honey mustard.
2	The food is subpar and the wait staff doesn't seem to know how to do their job properly. Our waitress didn't even know the daily specials off the top of her head, spent more time tending to a table of her friends while we went with empty drinks. I got fish and chips and could not taste the fish at all, because it was very bland. Also, when we were about to leave we asked for boxes for our meals and were provided a folded box instead of styrofoam boxes. The folded box would have leaked juices from my husbands Mac and cheese all over the place, so we left half our meals without the ability to take them home. I will never come back here.
1	I hope Jerome Bettis is reviewing, step your customer service up ASAP!  I do not want to know that the bartender "gets moody" when I've asked for bar specialty shot. If I want to spend money on booze and food for a steeler game, sadly it will not be here ever again. The staff feed on the busy entrance, communicating to the prospective customers a 2+hour wait- please know it took us 20 minutes to be seated at a table on game day. horrible. Jerome come check your staff and please train out waitress Alisha. P.s who serves crown and pitrone warm?!?!
2	I'll keep this short (sorry Jerome):Fried Pretzels are okay: I'd take a Auntie Anne's pretzel over this. The honey mustard was the best part.I ordered my Burger 36 Medium and my girlfriend ordered hers Medium Well; both burgers came out Well Done.Sweet Potato Tots: they were alright nothing special I've had them before...in my grocers freezer section.P.S. Yelp say's the restaurant has a private lot.....they do not! Don't make the mistake of leaving a paid lot to move your car to the non-existent restaurant lot just to have to pay for parking...again.OMG.....How did I forget to mention the two way mirror in the men's room. Maybe I'm breaking some carnal Man rule I'm not aware of but: Be warned ladies....the mirror behind the host/hostess stand is actually a two way mirror....behind it is the men's urinals?!?!? So guys peeing have a clear view of the bar and people walking in.....its kinda cool but on the flip side very disturbing and creepy.
4	I love catching games here when I visit Pittsburgh. It's a high end sports bar with a ton of nice televisions and a separate dining room, as well. The menu has both bar fare as well as slightly fancier options. My favorite element is the one way mirror behind the hostesses that you can see straight out of from the men's room, so you can still see most of the TV's while at the urinals. Well thought out!  Good job, Bus!
2	So this place HAD been in the running for a wedding rehearsal dinner... not anymore. When the fiance and I arrived, we were seated right away by a girl who was dancing and speaking with coworkers as she walked us to our table. Ok, no biggie. She's just quirky. Our server could have been a football player himself and was nice enough. Fiance ordered a steak and I ordered the brioche-crusted salmon. Since we were looking for rehearsal dinner places, we figured we should get grown-up food and not burgers or sandwiches, and quite honestly that may have been our mistake.The steak was alright... it's hard to make a steak bad in my book. It definitely was not cooked medium well as he had asked for. I'm a medium rare steak person and it was right on the cusp of being too undone for even me. It had an odd taste to it that wasn't bad, but wasn't necessarily good either.As for the salmon... well... I probably won't come here again based off of it. The description said that it was brioche-crusted and I believe it also said there was some sort of pesto on it also. The waiter explained when I was ordering that the ratatouille that came with it had a red sauce. I didn't realize that the salmon would also have it. I ALSO didn't realize that the "red sauce" was tomato sauce. On salmon. Without any sort of pasta or starch. I had asked for mashed potatoes based on the fact that I didn't want red sauce veggies, and in my mind this would a been the cue for our server to inform me that the salmon also had it. Mind you there was nothing listed on the menu about it having tomato sauce. The fish itself was overcooked also which made it impossible to eat without the sauce giving it some sort of moisture.Now I would only read this if you are wedding planning, as it is more of a rant, and won't necessarily be helpful for everyone:My fiance recommended this place to me as being somewhere that was "Pittsburgh" for our rehearsal since my family and friends are from out of town. We loved the idea of being right on the river and the patio outside, and it's really the best option to chose from being the other ones are Tilted Kilt (nope) and McFaddens (love it, but it is LOUD!) So I decided to use the website and requested info regarding events as they had that option listed. Nothing. Emailed again, still nothing. Since this was a place that fiance really seemed to have his mind set on, I called. The girl that I spoke with was very helpful while on the phone. She stated that she would email me that day with event menu samples and she would research the date to see if there were any Pirates games or concerts she could find yet. This was 3 weeks ago and I still have not heard back from her. I've given up. Even though the location would be perfect, I would be terrified until the day-of that they would forget our group of 26 was coming in.
4	Delicious food. Friendly service. Except kinda preoccupied due to a college football game going on while we were eating. Agree with those who said to get the pretzels. Very yummy. Our server suggested caramel dipping sauce. Everyone at the table agreed it was better than their honey mustard. Get that if you can! I had the turkey club sandwich and the hubby had the skirt steak. Both were prepared well and we got to see Jerome Bettis' brother. Hah. Too funny. GO steelers!
3	You will not find a better location, especially when seated outside.  What a wonderful view of the Allegheny River and the Point.  There are some things Grille 36 makes that are very, very, good, such as their Mac 'n' Cheese.  I also like their steak salad.  Overall, their food is inconsistent.A little bit of trivia, there is a 2 way mirror in the men's room, the men can see out into the restaurant.  The same mirror was installed in the women's room, but with the lighting turned up, people could see in.  But they had complaints when they turned the lighting down, women complained and the see through mirror was removed.
3	I was here over the summer (the day the duck floated in to town!) and had a nice experience that was tempered with so-so food.The Firecracker Popcorn Shrimp appetizer our table shared was amazing.  It was tangy and spicy and on a bed of cabbage and carrots, like a slaw but barely dressed.  I was debating between fish tacos and the deep fried cheeseburger (I mean, it's a deep fried burger, I HAD to try it) and I wish I had gone with the tacos.  Someone else at the table had them and they said they were delicious.The burger was on its way, but I thought it could have used some tweaking.  The patty was dry and tough and the beer batter was fried to a rock-solid state, so it was hard to even cut through the thing.  Cheese was on the patty before it was battered, so it basically melted away to nothing in the fryer.  It was topped with lettuce and tomato.  Nothing amazing.  The menu says it has "secret sauce" but I didn't detect much of it.  I'd want something zingy to cut through the grease, like a coleslaw; something that makes everything pop and come together.  I ended up eating it with the garnish from the shrimp appetizer.  The fries were pretty good; not amazing but not just average either.  I'm not going to lie, if I'm debating between dishes and one comes with fries (or housemade chips) I'm going with that one.The server was attentive, though you can tell very busy; even then, he checked on us frequently and didn't show signs of being rushed or frustrated with the crowd; hats off to that!  The beer list was sadly not updated; most of the seasonal pumpkin beers had just hit and were already gone, so that kinda sucked.  I know it's hard to keep up on a Friday, though.  I'm not sure if this is a regular occurrence, so perhaps your experience with the beer will be different.Overall, it was average.Pros: shrimp appetizer, accommodating waitstaffCons: deep fried cheeseburger, beer not well stocked
5	Every time I come into town this is a must stop for me.  The drinks are great and it always has a nice friendly crowd before and after sporting events.  Total thumbs up in my book.
4	Great place to grab a bite before event or concert! Menu has lots of options and the atmosphere is awesome for families or big parties. Service is as good as the rest of the place. Kevin, our server, anticipated our needs before we asked! Really enjoyed it
2	Atypical sports bar, big drinks, big portions of unhealthy food and a lot of flat screen televisions. Oh, big bill at the end of your meal too. Most popular item on the menu seems to be the deep fried Italian hoagies, deep fried cheeseburgers and meatball sandwich. No, the don't deep fry the salads here, but even they aren't typically healthy due to the fact they use about a hall cup of dressing per dinner salad, and according to Pittsburgh rules, about a half pound of fries depending on your salad. The 36 oz steak is huge and looks like it would be hard to finish along with the sides and salad that comes with that meal. Daily drink specials and happy hour priced apps. Busy during events at PNC Park and Heinz Field, and after work with all the offices on the North Shore.
4	Really spot on service. Our waiter was attentive and friendly. My girlfriend had some allergy concerns, and when we told our waiter, he alerted another employee (maitre d'?), who promptly brought a checklist of allergen-friendly menu options. They also have a section of the kitchen allocated specifically for allergen-free foods, which is amazing.On the food: good on-tap beer options, 36 burger and the tater tots were great.Classier environment than your typical sports bar with an obscene amount of televisions.
4	This was my first time at this restaurant and I am glad I visited!  It is attractive, modern, spacious, and comfortable.  The only downside was that my wife and I were seated at a table with no light.  My bacon barbeque burger was delicious, fairly priced at $10 including a nice helping of tasty french fries.  My wife made a hearty meal of two side dishes: macaroni and cheese ($5), and mixed vegetables ($3).  The scrumptious macaroni and cheese side dish was what some restaurants would no doubt offer as a full portion.  Her glass of house wine was fine, but for $6.50, it was not a bargain.  Attentive and friendly service from Brian made the meal most enjoyable. We liked that the restaurant was still serving after the Pittsburgh Pirates game, our arrival being after 10:30 p. m. We shall return!
1	Tried it twice. Terrible wrap. Worst 15$ burger I ever had. In fact worst burger at any price.
4	At first I  was a bit duds appointed that they were our of many items your waitress was incredible and the marighirrsa even better
3	Location and the fact that it was a Notre Dame alumni were the best things about the restaurant. Beautiful stop by the River. We had drinks on the patio along with a salad and a burger. Food was good, drinks were cold, but the waiter gave a life story I could've done without. He was nice enough, but a 10 minute oration on your high school and then college track career was a little much. I don't remember asking!
4	This is a great place to go to during the summer time. I love sitting out on the patio which has a pretty nice view of the riverfront. The fish and chips were delicious, the fries were sweetie potato and had this cinnamon sugar on them which was amazing! I only really go once a year since the price is a little high and I rarely go on the north side.
3	Listen: Where is the DEEP FRIED HOAGIE?!?! We loved this! Bring it back, don't get cheap with a paltry cheeseburger :(
4	I've been to this restaraunt twice. Never had to wait for a table. The first time was a great experience. The server was polite and funny, attentive but not so much so you were annoyed. My fiance got the steak salad, I got a blue cheese burger. My fiance LOVES these steak salads! Price was reasonable, maybe a little expensive for food quality. The second time we went we ordered an appetizer. We got nachos. Now, I know as a server you like to add on appetizers to increase your tital. But the size of these nachos was enough to feed 6 people! I believe that the waitress should have said something to us! Aside from that, I will return to the Jerome Bettis grille, it was delicious.
2	Was enjoying a summer day, listening to an outdoor concert at stage AE and decided to move over and sit outside of JBG and have some cocktails and appetizers with a friend. The service was wonderful, very polite host and our server was very helpful and fun. The food for the price is where I had issues. I had 3 beers (draft selection was pretty decent) but at 8$ a pop for each one (all different) was a bit much. Food wise:started with the spinach artichoke dip...a little too creamy, but still good. Continued on with the short rib tacos which were maybe the worse tacos of my life. cold tortilla, little meat, and dry slaw mix. nothing at all interesting and certainly not worth the like 13$. I had to put the leftover spinach artichoke dip on top to give it any moisture. still only finished 1. So, location is great...food is meh...prices are as high, but service was wonderful. Won't be going back though
4	I'm from out of town and stay around North Shore when I visit. Jerome Bettis is my favorite place to go for lunch and dinner. Your dining options around the stadium are sports bar or sports bar, so a sports bar has to be somewhat competitive. I mean, there are only so many things you can do to a burger and beer to keep folks coming back.The atmosphere is a little more upscale and clean than most sports bars. It's definitely classier. The menu is your basic fare - burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. I had the nachos once expecting a typical appetizer. They should have called it "Nacho Mountain" it was so huge, and would have fed all 4 of us sitting at our table with no issues. Good beer selection and a full bar, although I usually just do beer when I'm there.I've had both lunch and dinner there and the service has always been good. Nothing exceptional, but they get the job done and make me feel welcome to be there.If you're by the ballpark and want to grab a burger but still want to impress your date, this is the place I would go to.
3	First of all, I love The Bus and love the decor in this place.  The problems that I have with the place is that they keep changing the menu.  The past couple of times I've been there, the two things I liked most, they got rid of.  I hate it when restaurants do this!  TGI Fridays and Romano's Macaroni Grill are two of the biggest culprits of this!  The last time I was in there, the place had a BAD issue with flies.  Two of them landed on my fries.  They did get me a new order of fries, but that's besides the point.  You've gotta address that issue, because if there's flies, there could be roaches or rats.  It opens the door for a bad precedent.  Also, the last time I was in there, two of the TV's in my area weren't working, and they had billiards or something like that on, instead of other baseball games (the Pirates were off that night).  However, most of the food I've had is enjoyable.  The service isn't fast, but they are nice.  The bathroom is very cool.  When you're standing at the urinals, you can look out into the bar area and see the TV's (they cannot look in and see you though).  And of course, you'll have to pay to park.  It's best to go on Pirates, Steelers, or Panthers game day, or if you're going to a concert at PNC or Heinz, because you're already paying to park.  It can just get very busy in there.
1	I was incredibly disappointed with the service that I received in the afternoon Sunday, July 27.  I made reservations via an online app, and they were relatively prompt sitting us.  A slight annoyance was that they never removed my name from their list so the app kept texting me that my table was ready.  I had to go back to the hostess to change this.  Next, I was a bit annoyed that it took our server too long to greet us.  Yes they were "busy" but in my section there were a lot of empty tables.  My boyfriend and I order immediately when he greets us.  It's ~3 PM  We decide to be simple to get in and out (or so we thought).  I ordered the sliders and fries with a Blue Moon; my boyfriend ordered a turkey burger and a side of fries.  My beer came 5 minutes later (which is fine).  20 minutes come around and I ask the waiter to check on the food.  My fear is another table getting my food (sliders and burgers are common).  It's going on 3:30 PM.  I'm beginning to get restless and not to mention hungry.  The server then brings on the excuses.  "We just got a large influx of people so we're a bit swamped".  He tells me the manager will bring the food out...  10 minutes later (yep, a total of 45 minutes after we ordered) the manager (Kristopher Brown) comes out with the food.  All that he did was apologize and give me the same excuse that they're just busy.  Other people that came in before us were in and out.  He offered NOTHING to us. No discount, no complimentary anything.  We felt like we didn't matter at all and that management didn't care about us.  After that I didn't have the time to even argue.  I guess I know where I stand.I was greatly disappointed in the service and ESPECIALLY Management.
3	The service was excellent. The waitress was very familiar with the items on the menu and knew the specials off by heart. The menu didn't have that many items on it so I went with a Chicken Caesar Salad (which it was only $1 extra for the chicken, so that was nice) the chicken was excellent all white meat and grilled nicely. The Caesar dressing seemed too watered down and made the salad sloppy. Prices were very reasonable for 2 people and a child. (23$)
2	Had the spinach appetizer. It was okay,. It didn't have much flavor & was more of a soup consistency than a dip. Prices are high and menu appears to be trying to be high end, which is weird when the bus' name is on the door. Actually walked to the restaurant from the Hyatt Place hotel specifically to watch the Rangers game and grab a bite to eat unfortunately after five minutes was not able to get the waitresses to identify which TV could be change to the game. As it was the bottom of the eighth inning I chose just to watch the ending via the mlb app I have on my phone.
3	Being a sports fan, I was looking forward to having a drink and an appetizer at Jerome Bettis's restaurant right next to Heinz Field.  First of all, I was disappointed by the interior.  I expected lots of football memorabilia (helmets, jerseys, photos, etc.)  However, the only thing really plastered on the walls were letters of congratulations to Mr. Bettis from NFL and local celebrities.  The atmosphere was typical of any sport's bar & grill and I had expected a little more from this place based on the name and location.  We asked the hostess if we could sit near a TV that was showing our favorite baseball team.  When she couldn't find a table near a big screen, she gave us a large booth with our own private, smaller screen where we could change the channel to whatever we liked.  So that was a nice accommodation.We ended up splitting the nachos which were absolutely huge.  However, we are vegetarians, so we asked if we could substitute the chili for guacamole.  The server asked and the manager said "no".  So we paid the extra dollar for the guacamole anyway and it ended up being served in something similar to the little, plastic, ketchup containers you might get at Burger King.  In other words, we would have needed about 12 of these to match the mound of chips we were given.  Overall, the flavor of the nachos was good, but we were underwhelmed by the restaurant's inflexibility and the tiny portion of our appetizer's upgrade.
3	Coming down from Western NY for a Monday Pirates game vs. the Braves, who I rarely get to see, my brother and I wanted to make a day of it. After doing some research of the sports bar/grills that populate the area around PNC Park and Heinz Field, Jerome Bettis' seemed like our best bet, though no place had crazy outstanding reviews. We'll let it slide that the Steelers beat our Bills just two days before!Entering at around 3:30pm after a 3 hour drive we were seated quickly at a hi-top table in the bar. Lots of TV and we liked that they had the TVs "pre-labled" with which games would be showing on them in the evening. I had a nice view out the patio at the WWII memorial as well as the Fountain across the river. It was already pretty bustling with Pirates fans and a few of our fellow friends from Braves Country.Toi was our waitress and was very pleasant and quick with service, even if my brother's NY Drivers License confused her when looking for his birthday :).  My brother and I both started with draft beers. They have large glasses for the $7.50 range and a wide selection of PA local and general favorites on draft. I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork Biscuit "Sliders" and my brother got the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger with the sauce on the side. Our food came out very quickly and was freshly made and piping hot. I sort of had low expectations for biscuits made at a sports bar, but I have to say I was very impressed. They were warm, flaky, and held together even with the BBQ sauce. The pulled pork was moist and tender and the BBQ sauce which was layered on top was nothing out of this world, but still very tangy and a good compliment. Not too spicy or salty. There were lightly battered/fried thin onion "strings" on it. Those were a little tough. Might be better to have them chopped because they were hard to bite through. With a small side of basic fries, it was a filling meal. My brother chowed down on the cheeseburger, dipping it in the BBQ sauce. He ordered it medium rare and said it was perfectly done. Good amount of toppings, large overall burger, and I could see the bacon sticking out of every side. Had a higher end, large soft bakery roll. He ate every little bit while hardly talking so I would consider that a success.Prices for downtown/near stadium food are to be expected. It was $13 for my two biscuit sliders and $12 for the burger. I think mine was a little over priced for the size, but it was still good. I did like that they had quite a few fancier salads and vegetarian items. I always take note since my mom is a vegetarian and it is rare sports bar place has these, so I would recommend it here if you have a veggie eater in your group.The bathrooms were oddly weird... my brother went when we got there and said it was "like a club". I went when we left and it was SO dark in there. I had to use my phone's flashlight app to find something in my purse. Very strange considering the rest of the restaurant is not like that.
3	Good location between PNC Park and Heinz field. Solid tap list as well. Food wise, I went with the shrimp tacos and they were pedestrian. If I go back, I'll probably go with something safer like a burger.
4	This place is supposed to be "the best." It is not. I would place it in line with a chain family restaurant. Between my party, we ordered a Mac & Cheese dish, a turkey burger, wings, fried fish, and a salad. Portion-wise and aesthetically, it was OK. Not super fancy, but not crappy either. The problem arose when we all realized the cook had apparantly never heard of salt, or any other seasoning for that matter. It was all bland, bland, bland. The salad was the most flavorful thing!There isn't much you can do to screw up a fish filet, which was what I ordered, and I was OK with what I received for the price. I just expected a lot more from a super great place like this. The fourth star was for our amazing server- she was a heck of a gal, and if the food matched, I'd be back.
3	What this place has going for it is it's location-right across the street from Heinz Field.  Other than that, I would be hard pressed to go out of my way to eat here.  Every single person at my table had the same opinion of the food: it was nothing special.  I had the Burger 36, and with its blend of sirloin, short rib meat and bacon it sounded pretty good.  But it was less flavorful that I expected. Our waitress was exceptional, but I did notice other tables not getting as good service as we did.  Looking at the other Yelp reviews, I would think fair to middling service was the norm, and our good service was not the norm.One particular aspect of the restaurant might entice someone to downgrade or upgrade the restaurant rating by one star:  the men's room.  Behind the hostess table is a mirror.  When you enter the very dark men's room right behind it you realize the mirror is actually a one-way mirror over the men's urinals.  One member of our party was weirded out by the fact he was peeing while looking out at people entering the restaurant.  One other member of our party liked that he could pee and watch the football game mounted at the entrance.  To each his own, but I was ambivalent and used the stall.
1	Went here after a Pitt game.  This place was packed.  We went in to stand around the bar and the place stunk.  I don't mean there was a slight odor....the place smelled like the day after at a fraternity house.  There was beer spilled on the floor...everywhere...it was on the bartops, counters around the bar.  Took forever to get service.  Finally got a place at the bar and the girl that was good looking was just standing there.  Everyone else was doing the work and actually serving drinks.  Never got food because of such poor service.  I will NEVER return.
1	We stopped by last Sunday at 2pm. Non-gameday and not busy. The floor of the bar was dirty with stepped on food and trash. & the bar reeked - the odors given off my unclean bar mats and beer lines that haven't been cleaned out in ages. We had a round & left.
4	I love this place! The sweet potato tater tots are amazing! There is also an edamame appetizer that they offer with a really good sauce if you are looking to have a protein filled vegetable appetizer! I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich, which was good. The quesadilla is especially good and totally worth a try! The interior of the place is nice- dimly lit with many TVs and tables. Every time I went here, I experienced no wait and there weren't many people there, which made it a calm and relaxed environment. Just note that in the winter, they don't take care of the surrounding side walks, so be careful walking! My friend and I were slipping and sliding everywhere from the science center to the front door of the restaurant!! Other than that, I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for some unique eats for a good price!
3	Was just ok. The 36 burger was not all that. We waited for a while for our food. Wife's crispy chicken was pretty good. All in all just ok
4	A must stop if you like classic grill food and are a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. Located right between PNC Park and Heinz Field the location is great and the food is better. We went on a warm summer afternoon before a Pirates game to get a quick bite and of course wanted to try out Jerome Bettis place since we were in Pittsburgh and he is a classic Steeler. We sat on the patio where we had an amazing view of Point State Park, Downtown Pittsburgh and the river. My boyfriend and ordered a local beer off the menu, which the server had great knowledge about. It was served in an adequately sized glass and perfectly fulfilling for him before a sporting event. We placed our orders, getting an appetizer and two main dishes. He had the signature burger, burger 36, which was probably one of the better burgers we have had in a while. The sauce was amazing and topped everything off, we also got the Ultimate mac and cheese which was great with the bacon crumbled over the top. I got the pulled pork which was alright but I preferred his burger. We didn't go inside so I can't speak about the seating there or the bar experience but can say we certainly enjoyed ourselves on the patio even on a somewhat windy Pittsburgh afternoon.
5	the bus!!! i love how you can piss and watch what everyone is doing at the bar. haha food is good and drinks are reasonable
3	with all due respect - this is not my type of place to frequent: Nice place, clean,  upscale sports bar with a dining area. The popularity of other local venues keep them alive in my opinion. This place would have to step its game up significantly if it were in any other location- nothing really jumped out at me.  the staff is awesome; friendly and informative.
4	This place has a great gluten free menu.  Their steak/ egg/ whatever salad is amazing and their bacon burger AND FRIES!!!!!!!! is likewise delectable.  I'm always a bit impressed when a place can offer me SAFE fries.  They do have a designated gluten free menu... so you just have to ask.  I'm pretty sure everything even comes out on specially shaped plates to fully differentiate gluten from gluten free items.   Overall its a nice place to catch a game, chat with a few buddies, and eat +/- drink.  Parking might be a challenge if its a game night... but there are something like 3 lots within 2-3 blocks that you can pay a rather low rate for the night.
5	We are from California and decided to go here for dinner and to watch some football. We had such a great time and we enjoyed the food that we went back the next day before and after the Steelers game. We loved this place and the staff were super nice and friendly!!! I highly recommend this place!! Plus it's right by the stadium. Try the Mac & cheese!!
3	A lot of hype, but the food and service were just okay. It's been a while, so I think it is due for another chance.
