4	I think I was imagining cigarette stained walls, low-slung ceilings and trashy looking people, but I was WAY off.  Casino Arizona is a really gorgeous casino.  I haven't been to many casinos here, but if you closed your eyes, fell asleep and woke up on the casino floor [not that I've done that or anything] you might think you're in Las Vegas.  Everything you can find in casino there, you can find here - slots, betting,  roulette, you name it.I was here for a company Christmas party a couple of weeks ago and schmoozed, boozed and nibbled on appetizers.  The food was delicious.  I wasn't surprised though, because I've heard their fancy restaurant, Cholla, is critically acclaimed. I recall all the food served cocktail-style as being delicious - the highlights being the coconut fried shrimp, foccacia pizza, charcuterie plate and roasted veggies.  And all the cocktail waitresses walk around Vegas-style mumbling "Cocktails? Cocktails?"You can get your Beatles cover band fix every few months or so when Beatlemania performs.  Yes, it does sell out every time too. Besides that and Showstoppers, you can find the comedian circuit or occasional big-name performer stop here.  Don Rickles was performing last week. It's not Las Vegas, and shouldn't be considered as such.  But for the serious gambler or the tourist who might be itching to throw down a few, Casino Arizona might just do the job.
4	I really like this place!  A few beers, a few nickel or quarter slots and some video roulette make this place a lot of fun and it's not too crowded!  I've had some trouble with crowdedness at the other Casino Arizona, but I really like this one!  Although we sometimes have an awful time finding parking...
3	This is good clean fun.  The best part to my story was I was willing to lose all my chips just to get to the bathroom and I just kept doubling up on the tables.  Thanks!
4	Hitting a casino or six is just part of the Spring Training ritual for my dad and I. We've been to casino's all over the Phoenix area, but this is the only one that I'd recommend. Great facility, friendly dealers, and lots of variety in the slots side of the house.
4	I always seem to forget that we can gamble here in Phoenix and that I get high from gambling.  Even when I get there, I am hesitant but the minute I sit down at a black jack table and start betting, I have such a blast.Casino Arizona is  good time!  They don't give free drinks though and that sucks but the dealers at the black jack table are pretty nice and helpful for those shy to play but want to.  Good Times.  Good Times.  or as my friend kept muttering to me last night at the tables---  "You gotta live by the rules, even if you die by the rules"
2	I want to say, before I embark on this journey of writing this review, I am not a gambler, nor will I ever be due to my ill fated luck with the whole ordeal.Anyway, I do not hold this casino in high esteem. Granted, I have only been there once. Although the casino is extremely spacious, and other people have vouched for the above average quality of the food (I didn't get the chance to eat it), I disliked it.Why, you ask? Ladies and gentlemen, it is because of the extremely rude service. When I entered the casino, I was stumbling, because I am a woman, I am tired, and I am wearing three inch heels. After a night of dancing and debauchery, I should be allowed to feel a little bit of exhaustion. If I didn't, then I would have been labeled as a drug abuser.When I showed the bouncer my ID, he made rude inquiries. He asked me why I was stumbling, and I calmly told him I was wearing heels that hurt my feet. He then proceeded to ask me why, and I quipped that I went to a club, and I felt like it. He definitely thought I was a hazard to the safety of the casino.The rest of the night was a blur. I had a bad taste in my mouth after he called in some other staff through his radio transmitter. My friends didn't enjoy it, point blank. Maybe next time, I will be treated better. If not, there's always Gila River Casino.
3	I sat at a blackjack table for 3 hours playing with the same $100 I started with. (It's a really long story.)  I walked away with $55.  Yay me!
4	Back in my poker playin' days...hmmm...I still like poker just takin' a break...my bro I used to work with took me here. The place is pretty chill. They have a restaurant, bar, decent sized poker room (all different limits) and slots, of course. I'm a poker man so I went to the low limit tables after the Phoenix Open. The games here are soft. I've played on several occasions and these guys are pretty loose. I played professionally for a little over a year so I know a good game when I see one. The only thing that sucked is that a dealer mistakenly called a jackpot when in fact the hand was not better than the board. That really sucked cuz' the jackpot was something like $28,000...but a win is a win!
3	If it weren't for the fact I usually walk out of here with money, I would give this casino 2 stars.  I only come here when my mom is visiting.  She likes this location because she usually wins.  I usually lose.  However, my stepfather hates it that she wants to play, so my mom gives me money to gamble with her.  I usually lose, but she shares her winnings with me anyway.  Those are good odds in my favor.The casino itself is like a big tent.  They are building what I think is a hotel.  It should be a medical center.  An hour here and you could probably see the black spots on your lungs start to appear.  The smoke is that bad.  And then I always get stuck next to some rude a-hole that holds their cancer stick away from themselves, and waves it in my personal space.  I don't mind there is smoking in the casino, but a little courtesy might be nice.Anyway, the slots do seem to be loose at times.  And I did win $450 Sunday night-yeah me!  The only thing I have ever won here, and the most I ever have won.  This casino does not offer much entertainment besides giving your money away, however.
2	While in town watching some spring training games we had some time to kill and discovered Casino Arizona somehow. Casino Arizona is in the middle of NOWHERE and is your typical casino minus the shopping hotspots. It is somewhat small and the parking lot was empty when we arrived, packed when we left an hour later. The inside decor really isnt that cool and the building seems somewhat old & outdated. I thought casino's were supposed to be hip and make you want to stay inside all day.There is a sign which says no smoking but no one can tell old Cynthia to put out her butt after spending hundreds in the nickle slots. The staff was quick, rude and right to the point which is fine for a casino. If I am going to gamble i'd much rather go to Vegas or Atlantic City. If you can't travel or have an hour to kill Casino Arizona may be your spot.
2	Ok, lets be honest. Casinos are places of desperation, seedy experiences, lost dreams, and just downright hilarity. I love casinos. I am in no way a compulsive gambler, addict, or junky of any sort so I feel my reviews of casinos can be quite frank and honest from an outsiders perspective.This place sucks!!!It is filled with people hooked up to respirators with their filthy wigs and blue hairs. There is nothing "bling" about this place and its genuinely old, dirty, and depressing. The slot machines are a haven for old timers to pump away their social security checks and their grandchildrens inheritance. The machines don't pay out and when you win more than 200 bucks it has to be hand delivered to you. Indians casinos always suck  - this place is no exception.
3	This place isn't terrible. There is an abundance of $10 blackjack tables with plenty of empty seats, although the odds don't seem to be that liberal. It's kinda tough to get service at the bars sometimes. I like how the "high-roller" room has $1 slots and $25 table minimums. This would make me a Turkish Billionaire! There is occasionally live music in the form of a multi-talented, ethnically diverse band. They seem to draw a big crowd to the dance floor. I was even politely asked to dance by a nice man wearing a cowboy hat, whom I of course had to turn down as he had built up the cajones to ask me only after my fiancee meandered over to the bar. One of the downsides is the clientele. It seems to me that a lot of the patrons of the casino aren't the type who can afford to lose too much. But it is a casino, after all.
3	11/13Finally checked out Showstoppers Live, despite having the opportunity to do so for the past five years!  The show consists of 5 acts performing sets of 15 minutes each.  (Actually, Elvis, Garth Brooks, the comedian of the night (so funny!!), and Donna Summers each had 15 minutes, while the last act, The Four Tops, only did 10 minutes due to having to introduce the other musicians that made up the back-up band.)  There are many other tribute acts, so it pays (pun intended!) to call the box office ahead of time to see who may be performing that night.The show is complimentary, but there is a two-drink minimum- both of which have to be ordered before the start of the show.  I wouldn't have minded this rule so much, if it was there to prevent servers from blocking the audience's view of the stage in the first place, but apparently it is not- I can't recall how many times my view was blocked for what seemed like forever!  (Remember, these sets are only 15 minutes long.)  If I have to watch servers bring drinks to the tables AFTER the show has started (this was well into the show, too, not just in the beginning), then I'd rather order my drinks one at a time throughout the show... I might even get an inspiration to try a drink I spied from across the room!  I think I'll wait 'til the new resort, w/ its new, larger and improved, Showstoppers showroom to check out the other acts... Maybe I'll have more luck (ha!) at seeing the stage!
5	We went and saw the Showstoppers Live Christmas show and it was excellent.  The tickets are complimentary and as others have stated there is a two drink minimum which you must order before the show starts.  If you order beer, I really like that they bring everyone's second beers in an ice bucket so that they don't get warm.  Good call Casino Arizona. The performers were great and put on a good show.  It pays to get in line a little early (don't roll in right as it's about to start) to get a good seat.As for the casino - there are quite a few $10 blackjack tables and we could only find 1-2 $5 tables on a Tuesday night.  It was also very smoky and as soon as I sat down the girl to my right lit another cigarette and held it in the hand closer to me.  Unfortunate but typical for a casino I guess.  No poker at this one - poker is at the Indian Bend Casino Arizona.  We ate at the Willows Restaurant and the food was delicious.  The Ruben was outstanding and we told the server we were running a little late and wanted to get our food quickly to make the show and he was very accommodating.  Everyone had a good meal.  Overall, this was a good experience at Casino Arizona and I would recommend it.
3	Casino nice but $8 for coffee while you are gambling is over the top!
3	I have never in my life seen so many people at a casino except in Las Vegas for: NBA finals, Rodeo, and New Years Eve. This was a Wednesday night! I think almost every single slot machine was taken, there were some with obvious lines.I began to play this winless blackjack where I got a blackjack on the first hand and it didn't pay blackjack money. Of course this was some indian casion rule where they show you the dealer's hole card in exchange for awful terms. YOU ARE ALWAYS JUST SUPPOSED TO ASSUME THEY HAVE A TEN.  SO that game sucked.Their video roulette is okay. Of course this is where the degernates sit and play. After about 20 or so spins, you hear how they "just bet" every single number that just hit, but not this last time. They have a nice little cafe there, with some pretty good food. The cheesecake is OK. THe Chicken sandwich is good. The money is in the Steak Fries. Those were pretty good. You can also play about 100 games of Keno at once, so you can sit and watch that while you eat. Lastly, I think you can just go ask for free tickets to "showstoppers" it is first come first serve, with a 2 drink purchase. I've heard it is pretty good. No comp booze? What kind of law is that?
1	The Casino is a trap on so many levels. First off the Buffet is so not worth it, why pay 10 dollars for salad and hot dogs? Second the staff at the Casino are all a bunch of little Mamone Cocksuckers that are afraid to let you sit 5 minutes in the parking lot before they call the Salt River Police.  If you feel like seeing the back of a Police car and getting physically and verbally abused by several sets of fake ass cops then Casino Arizona is the place for you. NOT WORTH IT!Just go to Hometown Buffet and save yourself lots of time and trouble.
1	I have never been treated so rudely, by a fellow group of native americans. Makes me regret the time and effort I spent trying to help these greedy tribes gain this power, that they now so blatantly abuse. It also makes me rethink the whole legality of it. These apples have red skin, but a white core.
2	Monday night all you can eat crab night wasn't all it was cracked up to be...haha! The crab was over done and rubbery. They serve it to you instead of you pickin out all the best legs. We went around nine and there was only one other guy there... which was the only good thing. I give the buffet a D for food and B for service, we had 3 waitresses dying of boredom and constantly bringing clean plates and fresh drinks. If you would like to try for yourself, maybe you'll have better luck ;)Eagles Nest Buffet @Mckellips location Sunday and Monday $14.00 All-u-can-eat-crab 4:30-10pm
2	LOCATION: Also referenced to Salt River or 101 and McKellips.ATMOSPHERE: Typical casino atmosphere with tons of slot machines. This seems to be the place for the older crowd 40's and up. DRINKS: I don't usually do super sweet drinks but wanted something different so I had the pina colada which was not strong at all and topped with huge serving of whipped cream. We had to order two since we were at the free variety show so I had the diet coke too. VARIETY SHOW: Entertaining with impersonators of Celine Dion, Elvis, Whitney Houston, Garth Brooks, and a comedian. Not a bad show. The theatre is nice and comfy with nice low lighting. GAMBLING: Nothing crazy here... I played war and won $18... then went to the slot machines and lost $5.... end of story. SERVICE: No complaints here.FACILITIES:  I'm not familiar with the casino scene in Arizona but I've been to Vegas and overall seemed like nice facilities but nothing too fancy.PARKING: Huge lot but this place gets packed on the weekends so can be hard to find but you'll eventually find a spot. CONCLUSION: Nice experience but due to the older crowd probably would not return.....
1	next time I get the once in a blue moon urge to visit a casino, I'm just going to take $20 out of my wallet and rip it in half.
2	We ate at Cholla Prime Steakhouse while we were at Casino Az. I have been to this Casino many times before but this was the first time to try this restaurant and this review is only about this restaurant, not the Casino which I rather like. Cholla was not very busy but it was a Tuesday night after all. The service was very good and the chef sent out an amuse bouche of beef tenderloin that was very good. The bread basket was also very good with a nice Pesto based dipping sauce. But that's where the good ends. The salad was pedestrian at best. We ordered the Chef special surf and turf which consisted of New York Strip with two grilled shrimp and potatoes Au Gratin. The steak was void of seasoning and was extremely tough, definitely not prime beef. The shrimp was rubbery and the Au gratin potatoes were tasteless and cold. I could almost give them three stars for having such great service, but the food was just not good for what is supposed to be an upscale steakhouse.
2	Its not bad. If you feel the need to gamble. Waitress' are fast if your tipping.But all in all not bad. The bartenders are a little slow.
5	Love this place, I always go to play blackjack.  Dealers are nice, diet coke is free, and the people there are pretty nice for the most part.  Been going for years, and will go for  years to come.
4	This place would make my grandma proud to live in Az if she was still around drinking a bud light and playing the slots :)The buffet was to die for, but a little pricey at 25 a head. The cigar room was perfect with a well set mood and nice slow jams being played live.The casino was packed with thousands of people celebrating their life, or their downfall into addiction.Everyone seemed happy to be there though and I had a great time celebrating a birthday with the boys. Of all the casinos in Az, this would be my only stop if it wasn't for me dealing with Rage in the cage at wild horse pass every now and then.No live roulette is the only con, but the poker room more than makes up for it.Don't expect to win squat, but have a blast at this feel good establishment :)
5	make sure you go to the free showstoppers show and see the dolly parton, tina turner, elvis and four tops look-a-likes sing their hearts out! non-alcoholic drinks are just $2.50 (2 drink minimum required) and there are delicious $5 drink specials
2	If you're into smoke that reeks all over...this is the casino for you.  It sure ain't Vegas where you don't smell any smoke.  Peeee---uuuuu!  Stinky.And if that wasn't bad enough:  I went with a group of friends and we all ate at the buffet.  Now, in all honesty, some of the food there was pretty good:  the shrimp, the prime rib beef, the stuffed cheese lasagna, etc.Some was pretty bad like the ceviche  and the desserts--OMG--how bad they are.  My cheesecake was, obviously, a day or two old and had that refrigerator slightly hard crusting over it--plus, ever so slight smell from the fridge.Not yummy.  The pies were alot of filling and few pieces of fruit.  Just cheap desserts, so stick with the meat and fish.Here is the coup de gras, tho.  I was given a $4 comp on my player's card.  I went to 3 different machines and they were all BROKEN!  Finally I find one that lit up green so I knew the players card was working.And guess what?  The $4 comp money never showed up on the card.If this Casino thinks I would actually spend money to sit in their stinking cigarette smoke loaded casino, they have another think coming.  Hell no!I also had a ticket to see their Showstoppers "show" which, if it sucked as much as their slots and crappy old desserts, I figured it wasn't worth it.On my way out to go home, I pitched both their non-working player's card and their ticket to the "show."  I knew I would have more fun watching reruns of Sex and the City at home than boring myself even more.Goodbye, Casino Arizona.  You have alot of people in that casino so you're making money off some sucker...just not this sucker.Never again.(2 stars because their fish and meats were really good)
4	Best poker room in town, and I have tried several of them.  The entire area is non-smoking which helps.  The room has a good mix of games, and tons of tables.  My only complaint is that I live on the west side, so it's a long drive to get to this location.
2	Meh is right.The food is good--you can get a lot of eats on your plate at the buffet, but in the smoky gambling area, I have definitely seen better.Lots of machines, but kind of false advertising.  When they talk about a penny machine, they need to mean it.  When I looked at the penny machine, it said that the minimum bet was 80 credits.  That means that it's not a penny machine, it's an eighty cent machine.  The minimum for the two cent machine is twenty credits.  Okay, so that's a forty cent machine.  Sucks.  Last time I was in Vegas, a penny machine was a penny machine, and you had the option for 1 credit if that's what you wanted.  You could put $40 in the machine and sit there for a while--maybe you'd lose all of it, but you had fun for 45 minutes to an hour.  Or, maybe you'd walk away with $42 or $45 dollars.  Either way, you had fun for a long time.  At the machines here, your fun doesn't last, and the machines are pretty tight.Nah.  I'll pass next time.  If you're just looking to gamble for fun, don't come here.  There are better options available.
4	I was visiting my parents who live in Phoenix and decided to hit the casino with my boyfriend and mom on a Friday night.  We went to the one located off McKellips. From what I was told it was the smaller of the two. But my boyfriend, mother and I enjoyed ourselves. It was crowded but we were able to get on the machines we wanted with little to no wait.  They had tables set out where they were selling roast beef sandwiches (I think) with chips and a drink for 5 dollars and it was worth every penny. The sandwich was awesome.  We did see a lot of people winning and its definitely a place I'd come back to when visiting my parents.
3	I recently went with my bestie and her family for a birthday.  We went to go see the Showstoppers.  I honestly thought that it was going to be boring and I would be bored out of my mind for an hour but it was fun and enjoyable.  We sat in the very front, practically on the stage, and I wouldn't do that again.  There is a lot going on and it was hard to see it all at the same time.  And, the dancers butts were right by my head, not my style but I'm sure some guy would enjoy it.We didn't stay to gamble but it was very busy.
5	Casino Arizona is a fun clean casino with a great selection of games. We have gone to just about every casino in the Phoenix area & like this one the best. Casino War is our favorite game to play, the table is always packed, but we always manage to get our lucky seats right next to each other. More times than not we walk away winners, either way, being with someone you love makes a great night! The cocktail waitresses keep the drinks flowing and most of the dealers are friendly. The snack bar is good but the buffet is delicious! My boyfriend absolutely loves buffets due to the options and variety and theirs doesn't disappoint at all. They have an ok dance floor that has live bands on the weekends; it's typically full of the "casino groupies" and old men trying to score one, LOL! My only complaint is the smoking, we don't smoke, it a nasty habit & hate sitting next to someone chain smoking at the table. We take family & friends here on occasion but usually it's a late night / early morning after date spot!
4	Eagles Buffet:  Went there three times for their Prime Rib Buffet on Saturday nights and it was great value for $19.95! Their cut of prime rib was actually very good and the other selections on the buffet were equally good! Tried it also on a Wednesday night for their All You Can Eat Steamed Snow Crablegs and it was also terrific value for only $17.50 per person! A man handed out platters of crablegs to you when you walked by. You could not pick and choose your crab legs and had to accept what you were handed, which I liked better rather than everyone picking through everything, plus your platter was served to you piping hot!  The desserts were great on all of our visits and they have their own soft ice cream machine so you can make your own sundaes if you choose! I love to bring my Canadian friends here who are visiting as they think it is amazing value!!! If you can attend one of the Casino shows afterwards, that is a plus also!
1	I'm interested to know why people continue to come here when Talking Stick is right down the road. I have personally witnessed a fellow gambeler spitting on the machine whilst he gambled. I will be forever haunted by that image.
2	I really didn't like the selections of gaming at this casino.  It was smokey that I walked out right away losing.
4	No brainer here. If you like Poker then this is your place. They have a great card room with daily tournaments that stat at 11:15. They have good cheap food as well and they are very accommodating here. This place is newly renovated and super nice. Do not hesitate to come here if given the opportunity.
4	I was here a few years ago and things have very much changed.  The place is now huge, and the poker room is massive.  They have about fifty tables, forty of which were going on a random Thursday night.  Lots of the tables seem to be 3-6, which is the worst game in the world, but there were about 6 2-3 NL tables (actually there is a 300 limit, but I only buy in for 100 and that will never apply to me).   These, along with the general niceness of the place, are the good points.Here are the bad points: first, no free drinks.  If you are gambling the drinks should be free.  Second, the rake in the 2-3 game is insane in small pots.  They take a dollar for the jackpot before the hand is even dealt and they take 2 bucks once the flop happens, even if there are only two people in the hand and they both bet 3.  That happened to me once, I raised after the flop, the guy in the hand folded, and all I got was my three bucks back.  That is crap.  They rake some more once they hit 20, so on certain pots they end up taking anywhere from 20%-50%, which should NEVER happen.
5	The first time I came to Arizona (Easter 2003) to visit family, we decided we have got to go gambling, since it was the desert and all.  I was only 18, and this was all new to me.  So I ended up going to Casino Arizona twice that trip.9 years later...I come back in town, and I saw a building that looked creepishly familiar... And this time it was only 10 minutes from where I was staying!  Could this be true?This place is a pretty big stand-alone casino.  It's actually fairly pretty on the outside...Parking is plentiful and it shows- I could only imagine how many people this place holds!They have 2 entrances, and a few restaurants.  But lets be honest, I was only interested in Wheel Of Fortune (my gambling weakness).  This place is filled with smoke and geriatrics, and I love it, because I am here to win money, not pick up people as old as my grandmother.  If you want a younger crowd, go up 101N to the resort @ Talking Stick, where there is the younger crowd.I came here on multiple occasions, and I found the best success Sunday Morning @ 9AM.  Fri and Sat nights get crowded from 7-10 so plan accordingly if you want to play a certain machine- this place gets FILLED!Although I always leave empty handed (damn you cash advances!), I always enjoy myself- and my buddy won a few hundred bucks so at least someone got on top!This place has a sentimental value and as long as this place is around, I really don't see a need to head to Vegas- or maybe I have lost my mind?  This place even has dance bars, bars, high roller, and non-smoker rooms too.
2	Well, on the plus side, this is a super convenient place to gamble.  On the down side, I don't think I've ever seen anyone win here.  They don't have single deck blackjack, they charge for cocktails while your gambling, and the prices for cocktails are fairly pricy and kinda watery.It's not a very good value, but if you're in the mood to throw down a few bucks and don't want to drive very far, it's not bad.  The building itself is pretty nice.  I've been to better casinos in my day, even here in town.  If you don't mind driving a bit farther, there are better options...
5	I stopped in for some dinner and a little blackjack on the way to catch a red eye at the airport. Had an excellent (an incredibly affordable) dinner at Cholla Prime Steakhouse and Lounge and had a blast playing blackjack. The service was outstanding and the dealers were excellent. The next time i'm in town, I'll be back for sure. Only 10 minutes from the airport, it's the perfect last stop out of town.
1	Let me start by saying that I didn't even want to go to Casino Arizona. I had family visiting and they don't like to do much, but they do like to gamble. OMG, I didn't consider the cigarette smoke when I suggested we go. This was the first time i've been to a casino outside of Vegas and this was a completely different crowd. You've got the high rollers and then you've got the low rollers. This place was filled with low rollers at 11 am. They're were alot of people in there that looked poor, sick, and in need of medical attention. Fortunately my relatives they didn't want to stay for more than an hour. My sister and I spent most of the hour sitting outside in the fresh air. If you like to smoke and sit, and don't mind being mistaken for a hooker, then this is the place for you.
2	It's your run-of-the-mill casino, I guess. But there was a lack of Keno machines, which doesn't sit well with my husband. There is also no card room, which doesn't sit well with either of us. So we probably won't be back very often since there's not much else I like to do besides play poker. lol Talking Stick, here I come!(FYI, people posting under Casino Arizona talking about poker games...they're confusing it with Talking Stick down the road)
5	Fun place to play
3	Trying out bingo as its new here. Pros and cons. They do have a true non smoking section, but you have to go smoking to get beverages. Also vents are on the floor which makes it extremely cold. Food is expensive I thought, but do have food serve in the bingo hall which is nice. I thought the prices was kind of high compared to what I play at the Fort McDowell. They don't have enough floor people to help. Everyone is confused on the games. They do a gem bingo but no one offers to when you pay at window. Beware as of today there is no speaker in non smoking so caller can't hear. So make sure there is a worker in non smoking. They don't flip there number the right side up so can be hard to see. They have some work to do to make this bingo thing happening. On a positive note I do like they have tier levels on all packages. So you have a chance for the bigger money.
3	It's hard to come here with the beautiful Talking Stick Resort and Casino just a few more miles up the freeway (same company btw). Anyhow, this is a good option for gaming in general and bingo. They also have decent shows on the weekends.
4	Went to the late night bingo and it was fun. They have the new bingo hall that just reopened recently. I have never been here before so I don't know what it was like before but I thought it was pretty good. Every casino is really smoky but I think they did a pretty good job with the ventilation in this room. The people that were working were really really nice and helpful. I can't wait to go back!
4	L8 night Bingo was fun! I hadn't played since.... I was in elementary school, lol, you know the kind they do at school functions? The staff was very informative and helpful. The late night atmosphere with live DJ made it even better! They even had people up doing the Cupid shuffle, haha. I will definitely go again!
1	Ah, the place where dreams go to die. I find most casinos in Arizona to be a little depressing, this was no exception. It's pretty small, but they do offer all the games, including tables, bingo (and late night bingo parties) and keno and it's easily accessible, so it will do on occasion, when I can handle all the smoke for a few hours.
3	Decent casino. Watch the dealers. I had 6-7-8 on blackjack and she tried to hustle me pretending I lost but I caught her. But my gf and I made good money here so it was a good night overall.
4	While the gambling floor of Casino Arizona itself doesn't seem as nice as say, Talking Stick Resort, they do have some good talent that they bring in to their showroom. Oftentimes they will be cover/tribute bands, or bands/acts that were popular decades back. We went here to see Queen Nation, which was probably the closest you'll get to seeing a live Queen concert done well. The singers were awesome and the lead singer really sounded and had the moves like Freddie Mercury. We were initially seated in the front row, and we thought, oh nice! But then, we realized we were sitting right in front of the huge speakers/amplifiers! This had two implications. 1. Our ears might potentially bleed from the decibels generated by the speaker system (I've had the displeasure of sitting right in front of a speaker system at a concert, something I never want to do again!) 2. We can't see much because the speakers are blocking our view of most of the stage. Luckily, the seating here isn't reserved (Despite having seat numbers on your ticket), so after explaining our situation to the check in attendant, she was gracious enough to move us to another location, apologizing for the initial seating arrangement.The show was packed, so service was a bit spotty, which was fine with us since we didn't really need anything to drink. They offer your standard alcoholic beverages, as well as a few specialty cocktails on their drink menu.  The tickets were relatively inexpensive ($10+ service charge, total was under $35 for 2), so it was a good way to spend a Saturday night!
4	Soooo they finally have Bingo! No..thank you very much, I am NOT in my golden years and I don't have a pet stuffed monkey I take with me, but yes, I do enjoy my Bingo.It is nice to have a place bigger than reflections (not saying there is anything wrong with them), and closer than Ft. McDowell to go play bingo at. The New Years Event was a blast and we had a really good time.The food at the cafe is decent, I have not had the opportunity to try any of the full restaurants here.Parking is nice, they also have carts to shuttle you from the parking lot. If I have one gripe, and you can tell me its luck, stupidity, or chance I am not fond of the table games. Yes I'm aware how to play Black Jack, I know when to hit, double down and split, but I always do worse here than I do at the casinos in Vegas.Regardless if you are looking for a Casino with Bingo, this is the best one in the valley.
1	CHEATERS. My mother Charleen DelVillano MacMillan won bingo with a lady at the other table. Beth Reed and I screamed at the top of our lungs and the 2 employees behind us didn't blow the whistle to stop the game and DID NOT pay. AVOID. Bingo supervisor was a dick! Chris the Go to Lone Butte or Fort McDowell where they know how to run a game. Shame in you for ruining our Mother's Day outing. I will be bringing my high roller card to Lone Butte from now on!
4	Had a great time gambling and dancing.  Hoped to the Bruce Springsteen tribute but they were sold out.  But a bar had a good live  band "Harrison" I think they were called.  Also had a great meal..oh but that my next review..lol
5	Love the crablegs cheese cake is really awesome too.
1	A disappointment. The casino itself was nice but that's it. You have to pay for drinks. The players card they offer is a joke. You have to play a certain amount if money before you get any free play.
3	Probably not a casino I will frequent too often.  This one just doesn't compare to Talking Stick or Wild Horse.  However, I will point out a couple of positives I did notice.It wasn't smokey.  Pretty good ventilation system had the place relatively smoke free and for someone with asthma, I didnt even notice it.  Also, good selection of TVs in the bar area.  Had a ton of baseball games going which I was a fan of.  I'd say this casino is on par with Ft. McDowell but with better ventilation.  If you're lookin for a quick pit stop to blow some change, this one isnt too bad.
2	The payouts are pretty shitty, its like they are trying to pay off the remodle with tight slots. The food is over priced and its seems like 1/2 the people in there are just begging the other 1/2 for money. The comps are also really bad but are getting better.
3	Several steps up from Fort McDowell, several steps down from Talking Stick.
4	Played some bingo here tonight...I spent $13for 2 level 3 main games and $12 for add on games(if you do level 3 you can win between $600-$1000 on a bingo)fun atmosphere....free sodas and water as well as cofee.they have a snack bar which is okay but very cheap.definitely will be coming back!!!
3	Was an impromptu visit.  Plenty of parking and fairly easy to find.My only real issue is when you win a certain amount on the machines, they shut you down for a payout.  While this may have saved me money, it was a tad frustrating when you're just getting into the game.
4	They have a great Sunday Buffet!  $17 dollars gets you all you can eat plus bottomless mimosas!  Our server was outstanding!  Plates were cleared right away so we could make room for more, and the second our glasses neared the bottom...wah-la a new sparkling mimosa landed on the table!  My only complaint was there were no donuts, and the keylime pie tasted quite artificially flavored.  Generally speaking though this is a great Sunday brunch for the price!
5	I love it, I won 7500 so that probably helped decide on the 5 star rating
4	Bad bingo is real fun and is like playing bingo in a night club but with fun prizes and funny games. This is a great time and is sure to entertain, yes the line is long because they fill the room with all the fun and games, try it you will like it. Bring back Lucky Break
4	I wasn't impressed with L8 Night Bingo, but when I went they  had a 70's theme and that was cool. The Indiglo Bingo at Indigo Sky Casino in Oklahoma, is ALOT better. Casino Arizona bingo had smoking and non smoking rooms separated, the food was good, and I wear my I LOVE Bingo t-shirt (from there) when I play bingo at the halls near home
1	My son, one of his friends and I went to L8 Night Bingo tonite. I have played Bingo at CA many times and never paid much attention to details. We all paid for the same package. At one point we noticed that I had twice as many cards as my son, then noticed his friend had 3 times as many cards on each game. When my son questioned them about it they called security and took him to some office. Then they threatened him with the police and accused him of things he did not do. Watch out for these people. If you catch them cheating you may find yourself being detained.
2	One of the weirdest casinos I've ever been to in my life.They don't have craps and their blackjack has the shadiest system I've ever encountered in my life.We were touring and just wanted to have a good time,but they don't even offer free drinks there.Try something else if you're in Arizona.
1	I can't even give it one star because the people that take your money are mean. Yes I agreed that I'm not a pro gambler, but I'm not a sore loser either. I spent lots gambling and had a bad experience with Jennifer and grandma. The more you spend the worst the casino treats you. I would recommend the bar because prie treats you awesome and her staff.
3	Bar was great. But my friends and I decided to play bingo here because lone Butte was crazy packed Definitely nothing close to that experience. The dj basically had no presence and you barely moved. There's one small intermission but it's not really interactive. I wish they'd let their dj shine and work his magic.
5	This review is strictly for the Entertainment in the Showroom and the great Tribute Bands that play here. Gambling and chain smoking cigarettes is a past time that I no longer care to participate in anymore. Hallelujah!Wow ... what can be said about really good Tribute Bands that typically sound better than the real bands. Great selection of all the familiar and popular artist. They even come outside after the show to meet the crowd that is waiting.The Showroom is a very cool and intimate triangular shaped lounge with three levels of seating. There are tables with chairs and a Star Trek type candle for just the right amount of light. The acoustics are rather impressive and the sound is good just about anywhere.They also have a nifty open bar and drinks that are very reasonably priced. Wife and I usually get one of their specialty beers on tap. Blue Moon or Amber Bock are a couple of my first picks. Sorry ... no German Imported Beer on tap.Thanks to Miss Jolly M. for turning us on to this great place. Always enjoy getting to double date with Jolly and her good friend Heath. Really enjoyed seeing the Doors and partying with Scott D. and his lovely wife. Bonnie E. you are next ... so get your party pants ready!Shows are normally on a Friday or Saturday nights. You can get a Players Club Card and get two tickets for the price of one at the box office. This is general admission and the good seats up front go fast. PARTY TIME!5 STARS
3	Good entertainment because of the Showroom. Their food is alright and same with the bars. So, not too great, but not too bad neither.
1	I don't think it's fair to judge a casino on how much you win....  But it is fair to judge them on how they set up the games. Casino Arizona uses five decks for blackjack instead of the standard six. They also use a continuous shuffling machine..... Which raises the house edge and gets about 20% more hands dealt per hour. That's total crap. Plenty of people gamble just for fun but if the casino employees aren't nice it takes a lot of the fun out of it. At Casino Arizona the dealers aren't nice and the waitresses aren't hot.With all of the other casinos in the valley there's no reason to go to this one.
1	If I could give a 0 star, I would.  This tribe has no respect for those who don't smoke.  There is not ONE single non-smoking area in the whole place....not even in their Cholla fine dining restaurant (see separate review) which is a definite 4 star.Never again!
5	will miss my wonderful view we have to the west from the top of" casino arizona",the last 4years have been the best in a hard time. a real hard place to beat. best landlord a person could ever have. we will miss him very much. he has a good heart.wish him and his family all the best! the ribley's. jim& sue 2011
4	One of the smaller casinos, but nice! The restaurants all serve satisfying food. I'm not really a gambler so, I don't know much about the games or giveaways (or lack thereof).  However! I AM a drinker and I must say, I've never been disappointed. Watch yourself. Security is strong and in full-force.Country dance lessons are taught on Wednesdays and Thursdays! This somehow attracts a lot of male members of the older population. I guess they are drawn to the cowboy boots that the girls where... because no way it's the short shorts. ;-)
4	Good inexpensive food. Live bands most weekends. Some of the bartenders are a little rude.  I love to watch the different styles of dancing.  Some people get down and dirty and others have no clue but I admire them for not giving a rats ass.
5	We came here for my wife's birthday and we had a BALL. For a measly $10 you can have over two hours of Midnight Bingo fun. That is literally all you need to spend for hours of fun. Granted the marker is another dollar but if you save it and bring it back the next week that's one dollar less you have to spend. The big bonus is that all the snacks are dirt cheap, the soft drinks are free, and you can smoke INDOORS! Even if you are just a social smoker or don't smoke at all, just the fact that you can if you want to is amazing to me. The last time I was able to smoke indoors was in the Frankfurt airport in Germany 4 years ago. Oh yeah if it's your birthday they call you up and give you a chance to win money and prizes, so don't be shy about it. It was really the cheapest and most fun I've had in a long time (insert Atlantic City prostitute joke here). Go go go you won't regret it, and if you do let me know I'll come with you!
4	I came out to Casino Arizona for the first time this weekend and I had a great time with my friends playing midnight BINGO, eating and drinking. The midnight BINGO was a pretty solid time. The cards are very affordable and give you plenty of opportunity to win a few hundred dollars on each card you buy. If you come out for BINGO be sure to keep your receipt! As an unknowing first time player I threw mine and my SO's away. Thankfully the manager working, Monica, was super accommodating and offered to reissue our receipts. She even sent me back to my table so I could continue playing my first card and delivered the receipts herself. Thanks again Monica!! BINGO was a great deal of fun but there was also a decent amount of down time between rounds that would allow you to go to the bathroom, grab a fresh drink or even a bite to eat. All of the food and drinks were very affordable (most under $5). There is also a dance floor in room so you and your friends can go out there and bust a move!I would love to come back another time to play BINGO again and try my hand at a few card games.
2	Any other casino but gosh dang it!  I hate that "jackpot hand pay" in slot machine is $200 and up. It takes them long time to come pay "jackpot" $200 and they always give me seven $20 and two $10s wait around for $5-$10 tip for slowly bringing "jackpot" $200. Lol Honestly what casino makes 200$ jackpot ? And expect any tip for it? Most people lose $200 in 10 min on slots. I wish other casino was closer to me at least their "jackpot handpay" is the standard above 1200  just feel like they r finding way to rip even more money off.... No one want to tip on 200$ when it takes $300 to get it . Make it more convenient and people will happily tip more I'm sure .   Some of the slot people are sooo rude too.   People are losing tons of money daily so it's very bad to be rude ....  Other than that table games are fine, slot selections are okay, regular staff is okay, it's normal casino.  Please fix the hand pay system.
2	Ok I'm spoiled living in vegas... This casino was average.. Casino floor is made to fill small more high end machine everything is pushed towards the middle then out making it a weird feeling. Played 2 hr no big jackpots etc.. there penny and 5 cent machines are out to date. The one game I did have fun with is the middle game monopoly in the middle of casino but everyone was on it.. time to upgrade casino az.. dissapointed
4	Sometimes I win, sometimes I lose. But I always have fun . I love the bingo hall in this casino. The staff is always nice and friendly and ready to help when you need them. I've played both matinee and evening sessions many times. I've tried the buffet once and thought it way over priced for what they offered. Tasted like cafeteria food.  Check it out for yourself and good luck to you.
3	I drive by daily and after a few years finally went to the restaurant. It was like sitting in a cigarette ashtray.Food was inexpensive and passable. Service was okay. I would not go back because of the stench of cigarettes. I know nothing of the casino or any other casino.
4	Probably my favorite casino in the Phoenix area.  Friendly dealers and hostesses.  Good buffet ( I always come in for the all you can eat crab legs when I'm in town).  Good selection of slots, poker and table games.Only giving 4 stars because of the fact that you do not get free drinks when you are gambling which is different from what I am used to (Vegas / Wendover, etc.)  Is this an Indian Casino thing or state law or ??  Also for the fact that the video poker slots are tighter than Rosie O'Donnell in a pair of size 1 jeans.  Ease up on the payouts guys, sheesh!!
3	I really like this Casino. Friendly staff and cashiers and lots of games to play. There are also lots of food options. I would recommend this casino, but there are a couple of things of which you should probably be aware, if you're not already knowledgeable about this casino. First of all, they have limited and/or always full disabled parking. But, they offer golf cart service to the casino (if they see you). It is a very smoky casino. Where I come from, the casinos have non-smoking areas. If they have one, I'm not aware of it. My favorite casino (in Washington State) has a very large casino that is all non-smoking with an even larger section that is smoking. They payouts on the slots don't seem to be very loose. All in all, though, I would say this is a good casino.
