5	Say goodbye to the Fitzgerald's and give a warm welcome to Las Vegas's hottest new Hotel & Casino, The D!!! The D stands for Downtown, Derek (Derek Stevens, one of the owners who also owns the Golden Gate Hotel and Casino at the other end of Fremont Street), and Detroit, a nod to Derek's home town. Although I didn't stay in the hotel, the casino has already made significant changes, all for the better. The casino has "Dancing Dealers" similar to the Golden Gate. The women here wear white outfits, in contrast to the black worn at the Golden Gate. The tiny bar was removed, and replaced with a sleek, sophisticated, and well-stocked Long Bar conveniently located right at the casino's main entrance. I went to the D on St. Patrick's Day (its second day of operation). The casino was still using chips from the Fitz, but the new D table felts were colorful, hip and jazzy. I played a few hands of Let-It-Ride, and got the D's commemorative green t-shirt for St. Patty's Day. Derek in a green blazer  was there with his posse of little costumed leprechauns...really funny!!! Because I love the Golden Gate the most of all Las Vegas casinos, I know wondrous and amazing changes are in store for the new D Hotel & Casino. I can't wait to see the D transform into the entertainment jewel of Downtown Las Vegas. Visit the D today!!!
4	I have mad love for downtown. Part of that love is nostalgia.  There is my own personal nostalgia, and nostalgia for historic Las Vegas.  The owners of the Golden Gate decided to preserve history at 1 Fremont Street.  They went the other way when they acquired Fitzgerald's.  I like that people are interested in downtown and willing to put money into its improvement.  I want it to continue to grow and evolve.  However, I think it would be tragic if my downtown Vegas got Nerfed.  Downtown is 'come as you are.'  That makes me happy.  I've observed that there are two poles of intention with night life.  People want to have a good time and/or to see and be seen.  The spirit of downtown is very much the former in my opinion.  People shed their dignity on Fremont Street, unload their self-consciousness, and commune with their fellow humans.  If it becomes more like the strip, expensive, stratified, and snobby, then there's no point in going downtown.  I think  The D or D's or whatever sounds like an attempt to be modern and edgy.  Whatever that means.  It sounds temporary to me.
2	Props to the new owners for beginning the transformation, but the current changes leave this place wondering what it is and who it's for.  The Long Bar is cool, after that a lot of the rest is the same and the concept is really confused as a result of part of the place being changed and the rest left the same.For example:The name-  OK the new name is "The D", right?  Well the Fitzgeralds cheesy signage is still everywhere, rainbows etc.   The Dancers - Not hot by vegas standards but seemed to be working it.  The problem is the space is WAY too bright and too big to make this concept work.The Tables/games-  Plus for lots of blackjack tables but terrible rules continue to ruin blackjack games in LV and The D is no exception.  No surrender on a shoe game?  Please!  Games aren't playable.The sign on the side of the hotel with a girl in a sexy dress out for a night on the town seems to indicate that this is some kind of sophisticated upscale location.  Yet the place still looks run down and the 60 y/o gentlemen at my table complained that the wallpaper in his room is peeling off.  Again, what is this place trying to be?  Are they claiming they're an upscale hotel?The Music - Good music, but it is blasting at a super high decible level.The 2nd floor - Left unchanged.  It's still terrible.Overall it seems to me like the place is slightly better, however, I feel like it's not somewhere i'd frequent mainly due to poor table rules favoring the house.  It seems like the new blaring music might also alienate some of the current older repeat customers.  What exactly is this place trying to be?  Who is the target market?
3	Well, this is a tough one for me.  For one, I was arriving on a Sunday checking out on Monday so I got a 50 dollar room that was upgraded to a suite, which was, well.. SWEET.  The room was fantastic, but since it isn't a 50 dollar room I'm left a bit unsure.The bad though, the rest of the place.  I guess the slow transformation from The Fitz to The D is still ongoing. Most of the place still says Fitz.  The parking is free if you are staying here, but paid for everyone else.The front desk is way too slow. They need more or quicker staff.  Checking in and out took way too long compared to other hotels in Vegas.I guess the price of Internet access has also gone up in Vegas.  I first thought $11.99 was expensive, but I see that the Venetian is now charging $16.00! So props to them for that.The rest of the place still feels a little broke down, but clearly they are trying to do something so I'm giving them a 3 star review for now.
3	Sure, The Fitz was a bit of a dive.  Its rooms desperately need renovation and the casino wasn't exactly pristine.  But there were three things that kept me coming back:1. $2 and $3 blackjack tables 2. Bonus Poker Video Poker that paid two credits on two pair3. $2 drafts upstairs at The Vue bar where you could sit outside on a balcony overlooking Fremont Street.Now that it's The D, sure it's great that those renovations will happen, but:1. The table limits will be similar to the Golden Gate's--$5 minimum even on a weekday morning2. The video poker has already been changed to pay one credit on two pair3. I tried to get a draft beer upstairs at The Vue and they charged me $4 for a smaller glass than The Fitz used to give me.I'll give The D a few more chances, but by first impressions, I'm disappointed.
4	Formerly "The Fitzgerald," The D is now becoming one of the up and comers of Fremont Street.I'm torn here.  I like the gritty neon of Downtown and think that the casinos should embrace it to set them apart from The Strip.  On the other hand, I hate the tiny, smoky, raggedy mess that Downtown casinos tend to be.  I wish The D (an awful name, by the way) would have updated its neon on the outside and classed up the inside, much like The Golden Nugget has done.With that being said, I am a fan of what they are doing with the inside of the casino.  I really enjoyed the Longbar and spent a little bit of time there with some friends from out of town.  They even had a glass of (cheap) white wine for 4 bucks!  And they were generous with the pour!Although I'm sad about the name change and the loss of neon, I'm going to go ahead and say this might be one of my new favorite Downtown casinos.
3	been staying/gamblin' at Fitz for years.  Fitz got bought by the owners of my favorite casino--the golden gate.  the new long bar is very impressive with tons of big screens.  i forgot how tiny the cashiers cage & buffet/grill are--intolerable & i feel sorry for the slammed employees, & patrons waiting forever in line.  that super-sucks and the new owners need to correct  these areas by expanding them pronto.  drink service for the entire pit area was weak 10pm saturday nite(i fled the craps table cuz neglectful drink service is bad luck for me).  i overheard some blue hairs complaining about the sexy dealers go go dancing to loud rap music.  if yer reading this, yer young enough to dig it too.  i think there's like 30 floors; their high-speed elevators are as good as it gets.  no lotion in the rooms.
2	I think The D sucks. Fitzgeralds was more comfortable.The staff was great and friendly,the waitresses came around a lot more.there were more places to make change and cash in your tickets.I miss the Blarney Stone.I was there in April.Atmosphere was cold.
3	It's not the Flamingo or the Paris hotel but it did the job for us weary travelers.Drove into Las Vegas late late around 3:30am. I've always stayed on the strip while in Vegas but this time I was mesmerized by Old Las Vegas downtown. It was like seeing a new but old part of a city I've visited time and time again.The hotel rooms need renovating but all in all it was a decent night's stay. Just happy to lay my head down. Wish I had more time to see the experience the hotel and downtown but alas we had other things to do.The next morning our front desk clerk was gracious and friendly.I will be back soon to walk around downtown and see the hotel again.
5	First time in downtown Las Vegas, and I just loved it!!!!! Friendlier and more genuine people! From now on, that's where I will stay each time I go to fabulous Las Vegas! The D was outstanding (a little confusing though because its former name (Fitzgeralds) is still pretty much everywhere!). Fast check-in/check-out. Extremely friendly staff. Free breakfast during my 2-night stay. Clean and spacious room at top price ($29!). HELL, YEAH... I WILL BE BACK!!!!!!!!
3	Grading value, A.Gambling, B. Rooms are C.The name is... a D.
5	Downtown Vegas is a circus.  I really like The D (formerly Fitzgeralds).  the staff from the hosts, waitresses, and dealers were all friendly.  The new Long Bar is a sight to see.  I could spent a night huddled up to a video poker machine watching a game.  It's still in a state of flux in terms of the name change, but I think that the new proposed changes I've read about, the place will be one of the nicer spots on Fremont.Definitely worth a trip to see if you are Downtown.
4	Came downtown for Yelp Spring Break and took part in their promotions. Even without our free drink, the prices are cheap. A premium drink is half the price of any other bar around. Although it might not be part of the handcrafted movement, they will get your night started.With all the renovations, the interior is looking nice. The Long Bar is close to the front and is well staffed. We blitzed them in a large group and they took great care of us. If this is any indication of what downtown is about to turn into then I might find myself wandering around this area more often.
4	I was here at the D to redeem my Yelp Spring Break coupon at their famous Longbar.  Initially I had got my drink earlier in the evening but some of my Yelp friends in our party had not so after hitting a few bars, we ended up back at the D for a bathroom break and to redeem their coupons.As we were waiting for the drinks, one person left to go gamble...which I believe is not really conducive to a bar crawl.  I noticed that he was at the blackjack table so a few of us went over to see how he was doing.  Then next thing I knew, another guy joined him and then another.  OK...pub/bar crawl on hold!  Then the funniest thing happened.  The dealer was hot!...as in she was a busting machine.  There were hardly any bad beats the whole time even though the D dealt from a multideck shoe. Usually if a dealer is this hot, the casino will swap him/her out with someone else to change the tide...but that night, the dealer stayed and my friends kept winning!  We all left happy and with some modest winnings from our time here.  Thank you to the casino formerly known as Fitzgeralds for our free drinks and for a great gambling experience!
1	Was at the Yelp Spring Break and walked across Fremont Street to their "outdoor bar" to get a couple of beers to take back to the event. One Coors Light and one Budweiser = $12. Yeah, no thanks.
5	I seriously want to thank them for making me feel extra special. I was so glad to have their EXTREMELY generous Yelp deal which was a free PREMIUM drink! I mean, a bar that can offer a free premium drink is a keeper in my book! The staff at the Longbar, especially my bartender was extremely helpful and patient with me. He rounded up my orders and being partially intoxicated, humored my bad jokes and my little more than normally loud tone. So thank you bartender for putting up with my obnoxiousness. Another thing I'd like to commend them is their staff! I've traveled through casinos talking to pit bosses left and right (more than I ever have since I've lived here) and ALL the pit bosses were snobby, rude, and mean! They treated me like I wasn't worth the time in the world since I wasn't partaking in any practice of putting my money in their pockets. But at the D the pit boss was SO NICE AND FRIENDLY! He was willing to assist me as I partook on my mission to complete the scavenger hunt! He was so cheery and humorous and most of all willing to help me out. Thank you D for you're wonderful service!
4	YAY for the FREE premium drink we got!!! Bartender was cool to take all our orders and my yummy drink came in a tall glass!!! YESSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!This place is pretty big! You have stuff on street level and more stuff upstairs. Had to use the bathroom (upstairs) and while I was there, Sonny won! WHAT?!Where's my luck, D?
3	Meh was just there to get free yelp drinks..Just another Casino
5	The employees really care! Love this place! We are a Caesars loyal! However the way this place took care of us we will always stay here, and I will only gamble here bc of the way they were taking care of us! Recommended highly!!!
4	OK, so I work here and I'm biased.  The new decor and the old school Vegas feel of the place make it the perfect stop for dinner, a show, and gaming downtown. Check out the Longbar and the big screen TVs, or enjoy the Dancing Dealers in the pit area.  Anyway you look at it, the D is a A+.
3	Ah yes the D,   This is not a Hotel for people that are accustomed to being pampered, You need to head about 5-7 mile south of here, enough said.We just finished staying here last week. We chose this hotel becase our activitys were away from here and we could alocate the bulk of our trip funds to activitys verses lodging, The Hotel is under renovation and I can not comment on the NEW rooms, ours was the old style on the east side, the room was ok, I have stayed at worse that cost more. The hotel staff was very atentinve to any needs we had, including brinng a frig to our room.Apparently because of some city health code, they don't have coffie pots available ( not a problem ) the walgreens across the street to the east has travel ones for about  $17.00. Filters and coffee are sold here too. On the isle with Vegas "stuff" you can grab a real coffee cup for a couple bucks.If your booking included a free breakfast ask at checking for your vouchers. The breakfast is eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast, cooked very fast and was actually good. Leave a tip the meal is free okay, enough said. If you find yourself on the east side of the tower you have a great view of the valley, take your binocular, the helicopter flights come out of the east and they turn right at this hotel flying south towards the strip.BTW for the SHOPPERS the outlet mall is only a 7 minute drive !! My Wife picked up a 65.00 pair of jeans for 40.00Public transportation if needed is right outside the east side of the Hotel.There is a lot of Police in the area of this Hotel, there is a reason for this! IF you stand in the covered mall right outside the casino for just a minute. you will be able to pick out the tourist from the locals very fast and so can the" local"  visitors in the mall area. Your wallet should be kept in your front pocket.Check out  the street view of Google maps ( Highly Recommended )One last thing to help you, the entrance to the parking garage is located on the west side of the Hotel off 3rd street. 3rd dead ends just north of the entrance. This parking garage is old school, I don't recommend autos/trucks with lift kits. If in doubt call ahead. Swing "wide" to enter the structure ( will be on your right side ), you have a very narrow entrance.BTW the Strip runs NE to SW so there is a slight variable to the headings posted above.Yes I will stay here again.
2	They are about to switch over to the new name of The D so I have no idea what to expect. That being said Fitzgerald's was never known as the Bellagio of Freemont Street. I do think that you should come to Las Vegas and if this is the only place available come anyway! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I would have given The D 2 stars, but it's in such a perfect location I have to give it 3. I like crazy Fremont and there's nothing more awesome then stepping out of one of two doorways that lead straight into the madness.  I was there last weekend when the tribute to Rock of Ages was going on, and one of the stages was right next to The D- awesome!This was my first visit to The D. I purposely stayed in a non-renovated room, and I must say- it was kinda icky for $44 a night. The rug and chairs are old and dirty- really, they should charge less for these rooms. And the cleaning was a bit lax. My remote control had God-knows-what caked on it. NASTY!The elevators are so friggin' slow to arrive. Sometimes a crowd gathers while you're waiting for one of the elevators to show up, only to find the elevator to be too crowded. They only hold 10 people apiece. The ride itself is remarkably fast, so I don't understand what takes them so long. Had I been on a lower floor I would have taken the stairs.Speaking of floors, apparently the renovated rooms are towards the top, and I hear they are nice. They certainly looked nice in the photos shown to me at the front desk when I checked in, but I refused to pay $20 extra dollars per night. I almost regretted that decision when I saw my room, but I reminded myself that I was really there to have the experience of being right on Fremont Street, and I was ok again.I got a free voucher for the Courtyard Grill, the onsite restaurant.  The voucher was for a free breakfast, which is served all day.  Basic dice-sized squares of potato, two eggs, bland sausage (or bacon) toast. Meh.  It was ok, dawg. A little pitchy.  I liked the balcony off the bar on the second floor, even though it's kinda small. It gave me a new view of Fremont, and put me at eye level of the zipliners, which was amusing. People seemed to enjoy the Long Bar.The casino was kind of fun. I know that some people who see themselves as serious gamblers are annoyed by the dancing girls, but with those girls comes music, which really livens up the place. It reminded me of a low-rent Planet Hollywood, and I had to appreciate the attempt. It gave the place a lively, happening feel which you don't get from some of the older Vegas casinos because they cater to a...um... older, more conservative crowd.Would I stay here again... that is the question. I don't know. I guess I'll come back just to try the renovated rooms and decide then.
5	Overall experience at this property was great. Not all of the rooms were upgraded but they are making progress and I give it 5 stars for effort.  Nice Long Bar and Go Go Dancers are a plus and I was very surprised to see a younger crowd in the casino so they must be doing something right.  Free breakfast was included and served by very attentive and friendly staff. Convenient downtown location, free self parking or valet available. I will definitely stay at this hotel again.
4	There's just something about The D that I like. From the minute I walk in off Fremont Street I feel at ease here. I liked this place when it was Fitzgeralds, I like it even more as The D. From the old school coin slots upstairs to the high energy table games downstairs, this place just makes me feel comfortable enough to come in and stay awhile and I enjoy my time spent here. I've had nothing but positive experiences from a no hassle changeover of my Fitz card to the new one, and even the staff in the cashiers cage were very helpful and courteous. Even when my coin slot machine ran out of coins on a payout service was very prompt and delivered with a smile. In short...it's just a good overall experience here!A special mention has to be made for the Longbar. I ended up watching the end of a Nascar Nationwide series race on their wall of flat screens. The bartenders were quite knowledgeable, the drinks were strong and made correctly, and pricing was comparable to or in some cases slightly less than their competition. Tack on service with a smile with some hustle thrown in that didn't trip my "I'm impatient and I'm becoming very annoyed" switch and yeah, I like the Longbar. 4 Stars - A very strong 4 stars at that, and 5 stars did cross my mind as I sat here typing this one out.
4	Spent my 21st birthday here with my boyfriend, first time going to Vegas without family.Our rates were really cheap, especially compared to hotels on the strip. Plus, I've always liked the ease of walking between casinos and stores under the Fremont. Continental breakfast was satisfying, and good quality. It includes eggs, chopped potatoes, bacon or sausage and toast. We got a corner room so the view was excellent. House cleaning ladies always said hi to us as we passed by in the hallways.Casino is pretty small compared to other places, but only gambled nickel slots so it didn't matter that much to me.Overall enjoyable experience with no problems. Tip: If you arrive before check in time at 3pm, talk to the person at the register anyway. We tried to check in at like 12 and she was able to hold a non smoking room for us to be ready by 3. (Though we were able to check in at like 2:30)
3	I don't see the difference from the Fitzgerald.  Actually, one of their openings has a D Las Vegas banner and the other opening still says Fitzgerald's.  The casino floor still looks the same and not really impressive.  I definitely understand that the place is continuing a huge renovation so i will just leave it at that.  Hopefully when I revisit this place, my rating changes for the better.
1	If you don't mind old smelly, out dated room with poor customer service and very limited parking then this is your place....  Bartenders changing prices on the same drinks from 1 min to the next....  Over all price is cheap for the stay but you do get what you pay for here
4	For the rate i had to pay ($24/night), this was definitely a good place to stay.I recommend however... if you have to wake up early, do NOT stay at this hotel... infact, don't stay at ANY hotels on Fremont ST if you're scheduling to wake up early. The noise is very very loud... the concerts for that week all ended by 2am. Thankfully we were out till 3am anyways so it didn't apply so much to us. If you are the type who likes to sleep early, but still want a cheap cheap price, i strongly recommend bringing earplugs. Jus sayin. One bad thing. The restaurant for the complimentary breakfast was eh.... Food was great but service was kinda lame. "Drink waitress" took a while to notice we were there and had a very bad attitude while the "food waitress" was slow, got my order wrong, and wasn't attentive at all. I wouldn't blame her though if she was a) new or b) the restaurant was understaffed.... being a waiter i know all too well how that feels. . . Soo that brings me to this request: Go the hotel, get some breakfast there, and show the waitresses some love! Have fun.
4	Did some gambling here back in May of 2012, although they are at the beginning of the renovation, I can see that it will become a great place to gamble just like their sister property the Golden Gate.  I'm really looking forward to the renovations being done when I comer back in November, as I've booked 5 nights to stay here (for only $193) For less than $40 bucks a night, I don't think you can beat that!!!
3	This review is for the casino only:I was at the D last night ti see a show - Adam London - who is filling in for Kevin Burke while he's away.I was pleased to see the Longbar that I've read about online.  There was a vibe and energy to the casino as I walked through.  They have added dancers and I stopped to take in the show.  One of the blackjack dealers was moving pretty nicely, but I think she kept business away from her table.  Who'd want to sit down and stop the entertainment?While I like the D, I still think it has one of the worst parking garages in downtown Las Vegas.  God, it's awful!
4	Maybe the people who give this hotel bad reviews aren't the ones staying in their upgraded rooms.  Because I did, and it.was.awesome.Really, these are really nice rooms.  The bathroom is nice, the room was clean, and the beds are comfy.  You're not spending a ton of time in your hotel room in Vegas anyway, are you??  But I *love* that they had bath and body works products as their complimentary toiletries.  Nice touch!!
4	I really love this hotel. If you have any complaints about your room, you probably didn't get an upgraded one.. $38 for an upgraded room is such a sweat deal. You would have to be a total cheapskate not to take advantage of it.  Upgraded rooms are clean, have flatscreen tvs, and comfortable beds.
5	What used to be the Fitz in Downtown Las Vegas, this place has been going through a new ownership transition and renovations.  I believe it was long overdue. The D is the new hip place to see and be seen on Freemont Street. Reasonably priced table games and a variety of slots make this place worth the drive from the strip. I haven't stayed in the rooms but I imagine they are decent. I've  received a few comps from them based on minimal play which leads me to believe they are pretty generous when rating players.Give this place a try and may luck be a lady tonight!
4	This review is only for the casino & the long bar. I can't wait until the remodeling at the front of the casino is done, should be good. The gambling is good and fun, at the long bar they serve you promptly.  I always have a good time in this casino.
4	This weekend we decided to try a "staycation".  We got a really good deal on the room and we are ready to explore the downtown area.  This time without family.  We checked in and found the room to be clean, spacious and fresh.  They are still working on remodeling but we got one that was completed.  They didn't upgrade the TV, it was the small, box set.  I guess people do not come to Vegas to sit in their room and watch TV. The casino floor was the same basic lay out as the before when it was the Fitz.  it wasn't very busy and I had no trouble finding a table for blackjack. There is a big "Longbar" with plenty of flat screens for watching your favorite teams, but most of the time we passed by it remained empty.  I don't know if the place was empty because it was slow weekend, (thus the cheap room rate), or it's how it is normally, when we walked up Fremont street, the other casino's we went in were busy.Overall, a good place to crash for a weekend downtown.
3	So let's see what happens w/ this place. They completely redid the bar, flat screen TV's everywhere, very awesome for sports watching. However, even though we were gambling at the bar they still charged us $1.95 for a mimosa. Now, it is still super cheap, but if you want pretty ladies sitting at your bar gambling you better force feed them booze.It's still well under construction, so it's got a lot of work before it's facelift is complete. We also thought it was funny that we asked the bartender where a good place to grab lunch was around it and he told us places everywhere BUT there. Made us very nervous!  Didn't even suggest a place on property!
2	I hesitate to give The D two stars, but they did refund my deposit, so I guess it is only fair.We arrived late on Friday (around midnight) after driving in from Orange County. We found the parking garage and drove up the narrowest entry I have ever seen. We continued going up and up and up passing dozens of empty spots that were reserved for valet. "No problem," I said, "I;m sure this structure has a lot more stories." We finally got to around floor 10 after making continuous and tiny circles that quickly made us dizzy and noticed that the spots were no longer reserved for valet, they were however either marked for Enterprise rental cars or filled with furniture. Yes, old furniture was thrown into empty parking spaces and in various spots out into the narrow path."Ok, they're remodeling, no big deal." I reassured myself. We continued upward until we got to a dead end. No spots. Not one. A line of cars behind me and nowhere to turn around made me instantly frustrated. As I managed to get cars behind me to back up just enough for me to make what seemed like a 400 point u-turn, I noticed that not only does the parking garage not have an elevator that goes to the top, but it doesn't even have stairs! They evidently expect guests to walk down the parking structure in the narrow road. We drove back down and into the valet area where after some negotiation I was able to get the valet driver to let me keep my car in the front of the hotel while I went inside to talk with the front desk.The woman at the front desk was friendly but not helpful. She offered no solutions on where to park other than valet which was not an option for me as I was going to be in and out regularly and the tips and time would add up quickly. I then decided to cancel our stay but did not receive my first nights deposit back. (I called a manager later and she did refund my stay after much hesitation and negotiation)We ended up staying at the Springhill Suites in Las Vegas. It was less money and absolutely excellent in every imaginable way.Overall, I am very dissapointed in "The D" as I was very excited to see their new renovated rooms, but after seeing their complete disorganization with their parking and the run down casino that we walked through, it was obvious that they take no pride in their work. What a shame.
3	I was a bit worried about staying downtown, but we were pleasantly surprised with The D. Our check in was quick and the staff was curteous and our room was pretty nice. It was pretty plain but all new and the bed was comfy. On top of everything we got a free breakfast in the restaurant which was pretty good- two eggs, potatoes and either bacon or sausage and toast. The service was a little slow, but since it was free who cares. If I were going back to  Vegas for a quick trip and wanted to stay downtown I would stay at The D again. It's nothing fancy, but who stays in their room anyway.
1	This review is for the rooms. They renamed this place "The D" because it's a "disaster".  Our room sucked. We found a cockroach where the refrigerator was supposed to be. On top of that, our refrigerator was missing, and they never brought us one, despite our asking. When we got into our room, a housekeeping lady barged right in, didn't even knock, just walked right in.  Fortunately we still had our clothes on.Right outside our window was a large air conditioning system, and it rattled all night long, making it impossible to sleep (room 1641).  We called for someone to fix it, and they determined it was the AC in the room above us rattling against a slab of ice, whatever that means.   They managed to quiet it down a little, but not enough.We called the manager around midnight, named Dave, to complain about our stay, and he didn't apologize.  We mentioned not getting a refrigerator, and he said, "We're all out", as if it was our problem, not his.  We asked about getting the noisy AC fixed, and he said their technician went  home (at midnight).  It was the fact that the manager was unwilling to make things better for us, that I gave this review only 1 star.  If the hotel had comped us this room, it would have made it all better.As far as the the "D" hotel goes, the rooms are unchanged from Fitzgerald, except for new paint on the walls, and some new pictures hanging. We had room 1641, the noise really sucks in here. The only positive is the nice view, and the spa tub.
1	We've stayed here several times and hadn't had any bad experiences until this last month we stood there since Friday, 9/14 & left 9/16. We parked Valet and my daughters Nintendo DSI was stolen. Now I received a letter stating that once you leave your vehicle the Hotel isn't responsible for anything. So sorry for my loss! REALLY? This is very frustrating...especially when it was a Santa gift for my daughter! Now she's not understanding why certain people would do this! I know for sure we will not stay at the D any longer! :/
2	Went during bike fest, stayed a week. When we got there there were no bell men had to lug everything ourselves, the room was nice looking, bed was comfortable but our toilet overflowed and we had water all over the bathroom and door way.. Our air conditioner went out... The beer! Idk if it was just the weekend we went but the beer was $8 a glass- small reg size glass! If we ever stay on Fremont st again probably stay at the nugget, looked really nice.... Maybe in a few years the d will have it together.
1	I have stayed here for years, because of the occasional free rooms and history i've had with this place. I am currently staying here right now, and for the next few days. But i think this stay will be my last. As a concert was going on people who were standing at the front of the hotel were asked to move. I had found a spot to stand out of the way. These people were asked to move two more times before a host came to them and sent them to the VIP section at the front row next to the stage. I tried walking to the host and a security guard stopped me and said "that didn't happen". Guests should be treated fairly. The VIP section is for guests who have players cards, not people who are getting in the way on purpose. I qualify but apparently i wasn't good enough.
3	The hotel room was nice and clean. The staff at the front desk was not very friendly as she chastened us for checking in at such a late hour (midnight)....Uhm, we came straight to the hotel from the flight.  We had to wait for 30 mins to check in because their system was down, but she allowed us to check our bags at the counter so we could grab a bite to eat. I like the place. They had a McDonald's on site. Its a great place to people watch. They had zip lining right outside the hotel. My boyfriend wanted to zip line, but he didn't get the chance. Maybe next time. There was also a Walgreens directly across the street. A nice hotel. We will return.
2	New name, new outside face, a slightly more spacious casino area but all in all it is still just the Fitz, a poor man's excuse for a casino.   And the name the D has to be the stupidest casino name yet.  I know they mean Downtown but there is absolutely no name retention with a letter.  The new modern look is actually pretty ugly, a combination between a glitzy office building and a brothel.  The red and white color scheme lacks cohesion.What do I like about the Fitz (I mean the D)?  1) Marriage can be Murder is one of the best dinner theater programs I have ever seen.  The food is just ok but the show is a ton of fun.  2) The rewards club gives freeplay without requiring you to put your own money in the machine. 3) they still have several old machines which I prefer to the new 30+ lines and steal a coin to play for big bucks machines.  4) there is still a lot of cheap gaming although that may disappear to pay for the renovation.The rest is the same.  Smokey, lots of slots, a few table games, mediocre food (although I heard Don B's is good, the rest are not worth trying)  The Fitz (I mean D) continues to feel like a trap for unsuspecting young partiers walking along freemont street.  They seduce you in with a large drink and cheap gaming but when the dust settles, the only people who remain are the old standards who have been coming here for 30 years.  This is best showcased by the pool which is always feels like a Florida retirement community.
4	Okay I usually like to stay at the suites and Golden Nugget when family comes from Vegas.. It's casual, downtown away from annoying tourists and the nicer hotel in old Vegas.  Well My mom had a few free nights comped so we stayed here the last 2 remaining days.  Wow, since changing from the Fitz, they have really improved on their Rooms!  Their bed is just like the Golden N, suites, but to me I think Much better!  The pillows are fluffy and the down comforter is to die for!  I slept like a baby.  And for the price of the rooms if you have to pay is only $25 bucks!  My friend got a room here for the week to hang downtown with us.  It is still in remodeling, but the gogo girls and supposedly the longest bar in the states (hearsay ofcourse) it's moving in the right direction I have to say.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I am a strip person, but this trip tried downtown and this newly renovated place is a fun, hip, upbeat, and exciting property among a variety of old school casinos.  I also like that they take extra good care of their players. Larry is a wonderful host an gave us a spectacular room on the corner. Slots pay better downtown also, that's for certain.
4	I actually REALLY love this place and will definitely be back here if not this week, on our trip next year. This place used to be the old Fitzgerald and they remodeled it to be what it is now. It looks like an upscale hotel in the middle of old school down town. We didn't stay in the actual rooms, but gambled and had a fun a time at the bar.The bartender that was serving us, I believe his name was Randy? (I will edit if I go back) But he has worked the Bar previous to the remodel for 22 years. We sat and played the machines and he served us until our hearts content. He ended up selling me a bottle of Crystal Skull Vodka that was signed by Dan Akroyd for a good price. We didn't have much luck on the machines (but that's Vegas for you) but we enjoyed the bartenders presence.
5	Great deal! Great location!
3	A few of us changed our plans at the last minute to come in a day early and were looking for someplace cheap to stay on Friday night before we transitioned to our planned stay at Aria on Saturday.  The D rang in at $59/night with no resort fee, although I upgraded to the corner king at $69. We had previously been into the remodeled casino so we were eager to try out the rooms.Check in went smoothly with a short line at about 10pm.  We then headed up to our room.  No security at the elevators and non guests could get to the guest rooms, which didn't leave us feeling warm and fuzzy about the security of the property. This problem was exacerbated by the fact that the escalators to the second floor casino was out of commission.  Getting off the elevator I was greeted by a really old dingy stained carpet and peeling wallpaper, not a good sign. Fortunately after opening the door to the room, I was relieved.  The room was completely remodeled. The room had new carpet, new bed and lines and  as spacious complete with a sofa for seating.  A small fridge was present as well.  The corner room had a view towards the mountains out of two sides. Unfortunately a noisy window A/C unit remained. Overall I would rate it comparable to the Golden Nugget Rush Tower Rooms. After dropping off the bags I headed down to meet up with my friends in the casino.  We signed up for Club D, played our free $3 on the slots, and some of us played some table games.  $5 blackjack on the weekend was a welcome sight that would not be found on the the strip.  We didn't end up staying too long because the music was just too loud and the place was filled with smoke. I am struggling to describe the clientele, the best I can come up with is Tattoo and Fanny pack central.Due to the out of commission interior escalators we headed out to Freemont and up the exterior escalator. In the upstairs casino as advertised were all the old coin operated machines.  Seeing the Sigma Derby machine, coin slots, and keno machines that used a light pen was awesome, but I think our group of 30 somethings brought the average age of the clientele up here down a few pegs. My friend did pull $400 out of a 50cent Wheel of Fortune machine.  Good thing that machine had ticket out.  I was going to die of laughter if it spit out 800 1/2 dollars when he hit the cashout.  We then bugged out of the joint and hit Golden Nugget for the rest of the night.After returning to the room my friend stopped for a Coney Dog, he said it tasted ok, but was annoyed that he couldn't get a beer to go with it.  He ended up stopping at the Long Bar to wash down the overly sodium filled dog. I got a great night sleep on the comfy bed and was pleased that a 12pm checkout was standard. Most of the strip properties have switched to 11am. All in all the place served its purpose, a cheap above average room on a weekend night, I hope they continue to the renovations of the public spaces including the hallways on the guest room floors. In addition, I would like to see them turn the music down a notch in the main floor casino and keep some of the riff raff away from the guest room elevators.Would I stay here again, sure, but only if it remains less expensive then the Golden Nugget.
4	Stayed here November 15-19 in a nice new updated room. Bathroom could use a better update, left a little to be desired with the room itself so nice.  Ate at the American Coney Island, really good hot dog. Did a lot of gambling there, was quite disappointed that playing for 3-4 hours a day at 5-15$ a hand resulted in a whopping offer of a $4 comp. So therefore I'd stay here again, but will take my gambling elsewhere.
4	Excellent craps dealers!  Eric, Randal & Julius are so friendly that I kept coming back to play!The music was way too loud, I had to scream my bets to the dealers!
2	Yikes!  Except for the bar and the gift shop, nothing seems to have been updated.  Good things may be to come, but they're not there yet.
3	After awhile all these casinos begin to look like each other, especially off Fremont.  For a moment, I thought that the D Las Vegas was Golden Gate with the dancers outside. I don't gamble much, but friends and family from out of town tend to gravitate to this place. So, I assume that the gaming is good.  As for me, this is just another casino with a bar outside, lovely dancers, and your occasional winnings.  Still a small casino that looks to have been updated in the last year.  However, they forgot to update the carpeting.  Drink prices are always good, even better when they're free (comped).
4	The renovated rooms are actually very nice.  Flat screen TV's.  24-hour Walgreens right next door.  Lots of restaurants nearby.  The only problem is the loud music from Fremont Street that goes late into the night.  Ask for the quietest room possible.  The parking is free but the garage is old, and self parking does not start until the 7th level.  Thank you D for not charging a resort fee.  I will definitely stay here again.     I am an avid bicyclist and brought 2 bikes.  The security manager prevented me from taking my bikes to my room because they do not allow bikes in their new elevators.  He was cool though.  He let me store the bikes in luggage room behind the bell desk.
4	I'm reviewing the D Hotel mainly because of its customer service at the front desk and at reservations. I booked a room two hours before I arrived there as required by an event I thought I was applying for. Turns out, it was something more of a scam. I won't get into the details of it, but after speaking with the manager of reservations, Mary Anne, about my situation and asking to cancel the room though it was against the 48 hour cancellation, she refunded my deposit money and my credit card was not charged. It saved me from losing out on $50 if I wasn't even going to end up staying there, and saved me from a huge headache. My experience with the sketchiness of the "event" didn't sting quite as much because the D hotel gave me one less thing to worry and stress about. The staff was very friendly and helpful throughout the whole ordeal, and I would definitely consider staying there next time because of this.
3	I stopped into the D in December, with my brother, while doing our morning walk through The Fremont Street Experience. We saw the sexy girls dancing on the bar outside and decided to take a look inside the renovated, former Fitzgeralds, now named after the new owner, Derek Stevens. Never having visited this casino before, it looked clean by downtown standards. The "long" bar was pretty cool, with video poker machines that paid and plenty of flat screen tv's. We grabbed a quick chili dog and fries at the new American Coney Island hot dog restaurant (think Nathan's only better). The renovations in the casino are about 2/3rds complete. They have 2 craps tables and 2 roulette tables. Minimum bets were $5 on this particular morning, and the dealers all seemed amicable. I would definitely stop again by for a quick drink.
4	Who would have thought this place would be pretty cool? I'll admit, I judged too quickly and thought the D would be a bit blah. Most of the reactions I got when talking about this place was "where's the D?" or "I never heard of that place".I hosted my BFF's bachelorette party in their suite on the top (34th) floor.  Because of the CES convention, suite prices in town were running $500 and up, which I was unable to afford. I scored the suite for about $180 and the staff honored my request of getting the suite on the 34th floor if available. The modern suite itself blew me away. There is a wet bar and a huge living area with a wrap-around couch. A small dining table with 4 chairs and 3 bar stools are present as well, perfect for hosting a small group. There's a small refrigerator and a wine cooler built into the counter. The bedroom is separated from the living/bar space. Roomy bedroom with a comfy bed. The bathroom has a huge shower with two shower heads. Different lighting in the bathroom is also available, which is useful for girls that need to primp themselves beautiful. The only complaint I have about the room is that there is no separate bathroom in the living space. So my guests had to go to the bedroom to use the bathroom in there.   There's a coney island hot dog place and a McDonalds right downstairs. These two places became super handy when all of us had a little too tipsy. I wasn't too fond of how small the casino was. I felt that the reason why it was so smoky and smelled like burnt ashtray was because of the size of the casino. The parking garage is also tiny and a pain to drive through. General parking starts on the 7th floor. Anything below that is reserved for valet. But can't blame the D for how small the place is - I mean the building itself was built 30+ years ago. Downtown Las Vegas is slowly but surely revamping itself and is definitely cool again. The D Hotel just adds to the new and improved of the downtown area.
4	We went with a group of 6 and stayed for hours.  Dealers were fun and service came often.
4	The remodel did wonders for this place. I had been a few times prior, but never impressed. I have since stayed there twice and stopped by when downtown bar hopping.  The rooms are nice, clean and affordable.  Parking still is a little annoying, but nothing bad.The long bar outside on Fremont is staffed with friendly and hardworking staff. Every drink I've ordered there has been more than generous and service has always been with a smile.  If I plan on staying downtown and don't want to spend way to much for a room, the D is my choice.
1	This hotel was absolutely terrible.  There was no hot water after 11 am and the sink took 30 mins or more to drain (gross).  It was supposed to have been renovated but it's obvious they just painted the walls and put in new furniture.  The bathrooms had not been updated and still had funky old fixtures.  When you used the shower the pipes in the wall would staring making a knocking sound.  The A/C and heat was always either too cold or hot but never right.  The food at the D grill was awful.  The tiny Vue bar had extremely weak drinks.   The outside of the hotel is very sleek and modern but the inside is a different story.  They should have spent more time updating the inside. The only thing worthwhile at this hotel was the Sigma Horse Race game on the second floor (it was super fun to play with a group of people) and the Marriage Can Be Murder dinner show. We also witnessed a staff member try to cheat a couple out of quarters at the horse race game.  She refused to return their quarters until a few of us spoke up.  And then we got scammed by one of the valet guys over taxi service when we were checking out and trying to get to the airport. We asked if he would call us a cab because we didn't know where the taxi stand was.  He said there weren't any cabs available but he could get us a limo for $35.  We agreed b/c we just needed to get to the airport.  Then he siad it was going to be a 10 minute wait for the limo and we had to keep saying we just need a cab.  Next he said the limo would be $45 and we said no just get us a cab.  Then a limo pulls up and the valet guy puts our luggage in it and says again it's $45.  At this point we have become very, very angry and so no we want a cab.  The limo driver says he'd take us to the airport for $40 and we agreed just to get out of there.  We find out after we get in the limo that the driver didn't know anything about this exchange between us and the valet and that there were three cabs parked right next to the limo just around the corner!!  The valet scammed us for a measly $10 kick back by forcing us to take a limo.  We suggested to the limo driver not to give the valet the kick back because of the terrible way he treated us.   Needless to say we will never stay at this hotel again and we will never recommend this place to our friends.
1	My Aunt, Uncle, Mother in law, and 17 year old cousin came to stay the week. they rented 2 rooms. While returning with our other 20 yr old cousin they got stopped entering the hotel. The security guard watched her put her key in the security drop box(cuz they were only keeping the 1 room til they left at mid night for the air port). They were told they could not enter cuz they were under 21 or had to show a key.. we went down and got them and escorted them up to the room. we then left to do some shopping when returning they (my under age cousins) were walking 10 inches(yes that is correct inches) behind us and security stepped in between us and stopped them a second time. Sid they could not enter the hotel cuz they were under 21. they wouldnt even let them yell for us even though we were there. Needless to say we will not be returning or suggesting the D to any other family when they come to town. Some one must have for got to educate the security that if you have a hotel attached to the casino under aged people are allowed on the premisis!
4	First of let me say this about the D if you have NOT stayed there.....A . Try it!B. Don't bother writing a flaming review no one will believe you.With that said the Ol' Fitz has gone under some dramatic changes in the past couple of years and there were some growing pains turning it into the new  "D"Although I have stayed at the Fitz on multiple trips I have only stayed at the D twice and am booked there again this coming week.  I can't wait to eat a pound of chili in various forms at All American and yes I have eaten at their joint in Detroit ..mmm good. The new steakhouse coming sounds awesome. The old courtyard cafe is now the grill and I can tell you the food and beverage guys will on top of it. Trust me on this one.The best parts of the renovations and transition from Fitz to D other than the obvious remodels are they have kept the room prices reasonable, kept the best of the best staff, still have great slots. cheeeep BJ and other tables and I can't wait to use the comps and "freebies" as a member of their players club.Late night plus is Mickey D's for a quick bite as it is 24 /7I will update after my stay on the best and the worst but will wager 9/5 there won't be much negative. OBTW both my wife and I did grow up in and around Detroit..and are quite glad that the D has a Detrot flair in Vegas.
4	Totally renovated and chicks almost naked, can't go wrong with that.
2	Apparently the D is for disappointment. The td;dr version: room had broken shower, management lied about room switching, but ended up switching it after in person exchange.Tempted to give this a 1-star but an arduous room switch process bumped it up to a 2. Here is what happened: we reserved a room at the D because a friend of mine was having her 30th birthday celebration on Fremont street & she picked the D as the suggestion for hotel.Check in process was pretty smooth. The room looked clean albeit a bit noisy as it faces the Fremont street (no problem with that - can sleep with ambient noises). However, in the next morning, we realized the shower doesn't have a handle to channel the water from tub to overhead. Called front desk and they said they'd send over an engineer. 45 minutes go by - nobody shows up. By now we need to get going so we meet up with the group for brunch. I called again and a different person picks up, promised would send engineering over. I said we're strapped on time, and asked a room switch was possible. The answer was no; the only available ones for switching were smoking rooms. Nope, not acceptable. I said if I could get the keys to one of the smoking rooms so we can just use the shower. After back and forth with the receptionist, she said to come down and talk with her manager. So I did ... and after explaining the situation and asking about getting keys to a smoking room temporarily, all of a sudden a non-smoking room was available after all. Ha ha, what? One: don't assign rooms with non-functioning shower to your guests. Two: don't lie to them about room availability.
3	This review is for the casino only.  There are a lotta slots to choose from, and they're pretty loose.  They have a Hold 'em Fold 'em table, which can be hard to find.  The table chips are fancy and new.  My hubby and I played Hold 'em Fold 'em with Harry dealing for hours and he was The Bomb!  Totally funny and personable, yet extremely polite and respectful.  It doesn't hurt that he dealt me a straight flush, haha.  They have really tried to create an adult atmosphere - love the way the dealers look with the arm garters.  The "Dancing Dealers", a.k.a. booty-shaking chicks are kinda lame - they're a deterrent for some and a plus for others.  They're covered in tramp stamps and their moves are awkward.  The cocktail waitresses came around more often than any other casino which was much appreciated! The crowd is a lot of 30+ year-olds getting decked out in full club attire to drink and play penny slots, which for me is a turn-off.  And the music is blasted ridiculously loud.  But overall the place is clean and new while still taking you into a whole different world.  I would play here any day.  :)
5	Entertainment review:  GREAT time last weekend on Fremont Street ... spent "Laughternoon" enjoying the FUNNY Adam London, Magic/Comedy show @ the D ... many laughs for the whole Family.  Also went to  "Marriage can be Murder" @ the D ... GREAT Dinner/Comedy Show ... alot of Bang for your Buck !
3	As a local and former Detroiter, I was excited to get a little taste of "home".  Valet is only open to hotel guests and the parking garage is a joke.  The first 7 floors are reserved for valet?!?!?  Then you drive up and up and up only to have the garage just end with no logical way out.  Went there specifically to eat at American Coney Island.  It was OK, but they are kind of chinzy on the chili for their coneys.  Some Vernors would have sealed this as a Detroit coney island.  Walked around the casino, but thought the dancing table girls were tacky and the music was ridiculously loud.  Nice try, poor execution
4	The renovations done to the D (formerly Fitzgerald's) have really improved this old school Vegas property. The newly designed bar is pretty high tech, lots of TVs and seats. The bartenders do a little flair bartending and are pretty friendly. I love this place!
3	Its nice going anywhere there is a Detroit them. Was worth a stop in and the zip line runs right by it. Also vary fun.Only place i have ever put real change into a slot. Empty them change bins lol.
2	I spent  2 nights in a room on the 25th floor with a view to Fremont St. I must say that the room & accommodations were adequate, have a certain degree of comfort & space for the price. My reason for the low rating is that the room was not sound proofed at all. I was able to  clearly hear everything going on at the hall way, adjoining rooms and wort of all, Fremont St. which now gets pretty rowdy at night. The combination of early birds and night owls make it almost impossible to sleep at this hotel.
4	Stayed there last week for three nights while in town for a trade show.  The remodeled room was very comfortable and relatively quiet, even with the "Fremont Street Experience" right next to the hotel.  Free valet parking for hotel guests.  No rating for the casino as I didn't gamble at all.  The D grill restaurant was good for a $10-$15 breakfast as I'm not into buffets.  The American Coney Island restaurant right outside the hotel on Fremont was a little slice of home as I live in the Detroit area where there are multiple coney island restaurants in every town.  Actually, their chili dogs were excellent.  I liked this part of Las Vegas with its old school feel and there's a lot of dining and drinking options in the neighborhood that are both good and relatively inexpensive.  My 3 night stay at the D was about the same cost as one night in a South strip hotel.  It was a great value and at good place to stay; the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.
4	It's official.  The D has secured the title of "second-best-place-on-Fremont-St."  The Golden Nugget is still firmly holding on to first place.  But considering where they came from (the old, dirty, and just plain awful Fitzgeralds), that's a hell of an improvement.This is our second time at the D.  We stayed here while it was undergoing its transition last year.  It was experiencing some growing pains at the time, but it appears to have worked them out at this point.  And they've done a damn fine job.  There is no trace of the old Fitzgeralds (except for the parking garage, which is the only reminder of that shithole).  The rooms are updated, comfortable, and reasonably priced.  The casino is fun, upbeat, and entertaining (referring to the dancing girls, obviously).  The Longbar is a great place to watch a game and have a few drinks.  Marriage can be Murder is worth the price of admission.  I haven't tried the new steakhouse, but we'll probably get to it sometime this week.  If it had a poker room, I'd have no reason to go anywhere else.  Too bad.  My wife and I get to Vegas about 5-6 weeks a year, and spend at least one of those trips on Fremont.  I'm really impressed with the quality and feel of the D, and will certainly be back again.  4 stars.  Would be 5 except for:  the parking garage, no free internet, no fridge or microwave in the rooms, and well, let's be honest, it's not anywhere near as nice as Aria or Venetian.
4	Definitely a good place to stay. Not quite as good as the Golden Nugget, but not nearly as expensive. I got a room here for $40/night during the week and it far exceeded my expectations.
1	Would give them atleast two stars but they don't deserve itHotel room was ok walking into it but the longer you stay you realize you get what you pay forGot this deal during spring break for $250/2 nights & now I see whyOur view from the room sucked, why would you make a 'corner king suite' room posted behind the construction of the light showWas promised a view of Fremont st it was a view alright if you could squeeze your head out of ONE of the six windows to see a little tiny spot of FremontI do not want to see how the light show is set up from my room with all the wiring and metal everywhere.. REALLYSecond disaster was leaving the room for the entire day & coming back to find out the room was not cleaned by housekeepingSaw the housekeepers in the room next door when I left out but they were too busy gossiping and talking loud to remember to clean my room even when they were next door? Called the front desk & they offered me sheets? Um no how about you come clean the room with new towels sheets amenitiesElevator took literally 10 min with a 10 person capacityI even saw it almost close on a ladies head they didn't get in fast enough like literally almost chop her head off, shouldn't it be sensors that stop when someone is coming in or out.. Just another old perk of this hotelOh yea walls/floors in our bathroom was gross & the toilet and sink made some loud loud noises after you use it or after the people next  door used they're own I don't want to know when my neighbors are using the water and toiletSame old dump with a coat of paint on itThe go go dancers were terrible other than the d grill the rest of the staff workin throughout the hotel sucks with bad attitudesThe girl that checks you in named Erika is a bitchGot $30 credit for all the complaints I had which is pretty much a slap in the faceThis place sucks ' everyone who works here including inside McDonalds needs a brain transplant
3	$0.25 CENT HORSE RACING!We'd been walking along Fremont and saw a landing above the crowd, with an escalator going up to it. AFter taking a few pictures and talking to a guy whol told us "he was tripping balls" we turned to go back to ground level, but realized it was a one-way escalator. Instead of running against the moving stairs, we entered the D Casino. We walked around and found their theater and looked at the machines to gamble on. That was when we saw it! HORSE RACING!!! I don't know why we didn't stay and play that day. We wanted to keep moving along Fremont. But we came back a couple of days later and played several games.  Drink service was attentive and I even won on a couple races.D Casino also has a bar on the Fremont street with go-go dancers (though, they were doing a pretty half-a$$ job when we saw them!) Made me want to climb up on the bar and show them how its done!
4	**Casino Review Only** I've never actually stayed here, but several of my friends have... Before they pimped it out, it was known as The Fitz... Good ol' smelly Fitz... like seriously.I always stay at The Fremont, and on my recent trip (November 2012) decided to check out the newly remodeled hotel now known as The D... I NEVER wanted to leave! Screw going to a club, you can just hang out here all night! So, I find a machine, sit down and all the sudden crazy dance music is blaring! I was sitting really close to the tables, and wouldn't ya know, right next to every table is go-go dancer galore! Not only do you get to listen to all the latest pop music, you can now check out hot chicks dancing too (if you're in to that sort of thing)! I actually stayed and hung out for over 2 hours, not something I normally do, but then again, I was winning, sooo...But in all seriousness, I think they did a great job with the remodel, but it's clearly targeting the younger crowd, so if you don't like loud music, this place is NOT for you!
4	This revew is for the casino/bar:I've never had such fast drink service while gambling before.   Because I'm not a high-roller.  Heck, I'm hardly even a gambler, period.   The D doesn't care who you are.  You get served well when you're gambling your pennies and nickles away.   And for that, I will be forever loyal.
4	If you haven't recently been to Fremont street in Downtown Vegas then you don't know what you've been missing. There are so many freshly remodeled hotels, and new bars etc .This place for instance, I actually don't even remember what hotel this used to be. All I know is that I'm diggin it now. The exterior entrance looks great,........ Humongous red neon "D", ....very eye catching. Then you walk in and you forget that you're actually on Fremont anymore. It's totally nice inside,.....very modern. The layout is great and it's definitely got that "cool" factor going for it.I haven't actually stayed in this hotel as of yet, but I'm definitely planning on it for the next time I visit..........Then I will have to update and add that to my review.
5	Saw ADAM LONDON in Laughternoon at The D. This is a fabulous show for all ages. Mr. London has an engaging personality and there is a laugh a minute. My husband and I went to see the show, as he is a magic buff, and we loved Adam's fresh and endearing style. He is without a doubt a very talented comedy magician and performs some first class magic. Although not a kid's show, the children in the show loved him, as did the adults. Highly recommend.
4	Came downtown on St Patty's Day for a small magic show in the D.The magic show was a little cheesy, but it was fun.  In a small theatre upstairs.Upstairs is where you'll find the old-school COIN slots that actually pay out in COINS!  But beware, they will fly out all over the place if you don't cover the COIN exit area...Downstairs was where the tables and newer slots are.Roulette was good to me and got a free "I got lucky at the D" t-shirt!Pretty fun place, love the feel of the old downtown casinos!
5	My wife and I stayed at The D during the 2013 Academy of Country Music Awards weekend. First, let me tell you a little about ourselves. We named one of our boys "Daniel Ocean", as in the movie "Ocean's 11" with the Rat Pack. We dig Vegas, as you can already tell, but not the pretentious tourist-trap that you find nowadays on the Strip. I'm talking about the cool-as-ice, no-nonsense, hip but not cheesy Vegas from the 1960's. Being born in the 1970s made me miss this era. Lucky for me, The D simply gets this concept and knocks it out of the park. Its small space allows a more intimate feel where the dealers and the cocktail girls know your name within the hour and remember you all weekend. Yeah, that's the way Vegas should be. Our room was a standard 2 queen beds. Simple decor, but not plain. Definitely on the hip side. The beds were super comfortable. Slept like a baby all weekend. Room was clean, and the maid service was prompt. I'm a no-nonsense guy, and that's all I ask for. Therefore, the D hotel rooms are aces in my book.Anyways, as I was saying earlier, we were there for the ACM weekend. If you haven't been to Vegas during this weekend, you're missing out, even if you don't like country music. Free music from country's biggest stars right on the Fremont Street Experience. We bought tons of alcohol from the local gift shops at reasonable prices and left it in our room to chill in ice. You probably won't believe me, but our room at The D was a 5 minute ROUND TRIP to the Fremont Street Main Stage right outside the D's main entrance. I was able to leave my group, go to my room and refill on beers, rejoin my party, and only miss out on 1 song. Incredible, right? I've stayed at the MGM before, and in that monstrosity of a hotel/casino it's taken me 15 minutes (fifteen!!!) to travel from my room to reach the Strip... one way!!!Second floor casino is awesome as well. All the slot machines on the 2nd floor pay out in coins, so the old-school "cling-cling-cling" of coins landing on the slot machine trays are back! First floor is the main casino, and the main attraction are the "Dancing Dealers". Not only are they pleasant to the eyes, but they're awesome dealers as well. Usually Blackjack is bland, but the dealers get into it and really ramp up the excitement. I felt as if I was playing Craps given all the excitement that was going on at the Blackjack table.Is this the most luxurious casino in Vegas? No, not by a long shot. However, The D deserves the 5 stars I gave it for the biggest bang-for-your-buck you can hope for. I spent $177 (+ hotel taxes and NO resort fees) for 3 nights on a prime weekend (ACM Awards), and I had the best time ever. I will definitely stay here again for the next ACM Awards weekend.
3	For the price it was great.  Bed was clean and super comfy.Location on Fremont St.  The strip was loud enough to be an annoyance if we had wanted to go to bed before 10pm.  Casino floor was typical smokey.  Room had issues. Sink clogged with debris from prior guest.  Shower water was warm at best.  Little stuff:Elevator lobby didn't have directional signs for rooms.  Recent remodel evident on the room floor, though carpet seams were frayed, wallpaper edge not  glued down, ripples in the carpet.  Operator could not correctly route my call to the valet desk.
3	My wife and I had a blast the last time we stayed at the Four Queens on Fremont street, so picking The D wasn't too difficult.  Nicely remodeled, especially with the rooms.  The king bed was awesome!  And the price is much less than you'd pay to stay on the strip.  MUCH less (and no resort fees)!!! I'm not a huge fan of elevators, and they should've spent a little to remodel them as well.  The ride in all four elevators was quite bumpy.  Also didn't like that you have to walk across the valet driveway to access the pool & jacuzzi.Saturday nights on Fremont street are one huge party, and it's nice to stumble back to your room without having to drive.  Sure, the girls at the D Bar are nice to look at, but the service was awful - I ended up going down the street.I'm originally from Detroit, so grabbing a coney dog (or three!) from the street level restaurant was much appreciated.  Just like home!  I would definitely stay here again.
4	I will say I wanted to check this place out specifically because I am from the Detroit area. Therefore, this could be a little biased.Gambling:Top floor is "Vintage Vegas" with coin operated slots and other old games. This was my favorite part of The D. The lower level has normal slots you would see in other casinos. The table games were lower priced compared to the strip. I assume this varies by time and day, but tables started at $5 which was a nice change from the $15+ I saw on the strip.Food:We ate at the D Grill. It was decent food. I dont think there was anything too special, but did notice some local Detroit call outs in the menu.I saw they were opening an Andiamo's restaurant which are nicer places scattered throughout the suburban Detroit area. If the food and management is the same in The D as it is in Michigan, this should be a success.American Coney is a staple in downtown Detroit. Growing up in the Detroit area, I never though of Coney Islands as anything unique. However, knowing these are not all over the country, this should do pretty well for quick and dirty food.
4	Being from Detroit and hearing the owners are also fellow Michiganders, I felt like it was only fitting to visit this place after it changed from Fitz's.At first (a month or so) after closing I wasn't impresses, it looked like they just changed the sign and that was it.  Since then they have added American Coney Island, Andiamo Italian Steakhouse and renovated other areas of the building.The new carpet does show some wear, but I do feel like they make the place feel like Motown.  it's funny all my friends back in Michigan as about The D more than anything else because they market heavily in metro Detroit.As downtown revs back, I find myself spending more and more time at The D!
4	This is the second place we stayed when we decided to stay an extra day cant beat $31.00!! We got the Premium Corner King room 2142. Great room even better BED!! The view was so nice and they had a Kuerig coffee machine with Fiji water. I haven't seen that before. The bathroom was ok but they had Bath & Body Works tollietries so that was cool. I really liked the Vintage Casino part of the Hotel but didn't really win anything. Not sure what other reviews are talking about but we had a great stay and great sleep. I will be coming here again!!
4	My family has been coming to Fremont street for ages, so when I heard the Fitz was gone and replaced with The D, I was intrigued. We stayed just one Tuesday night due to a family emergency. I had been sleeping in a hospital waiting room for a couple nights, so just the sight of a clean bed was enough to bring me to tears. Still- I was really impressed with the room over all. I loved the clean lines & bright bold red. It was classy and fresh... not something you find on Fremont often. The casino was nice, if a little cramped. Lots of fun slots, which I enjoy. It is a little difficult to navigate and the "front" desk appears to be in the BACK of the building. Perhaps if you valeted... but the parking signs were weird and it was difficult to figure out where exactly to go outside. The "Vintage Vegas" area is cute and a nice nod to the history of downtown. It was easy to find the restaurants up there as well. Overall, I think it's a great deal and I will most likely be returning. Given the choice between 4 Queens, Fremont & The D, I'd have to say The D will be my go-to from now on. The Pluses:+ Great price ($31 midweek)+ Clean rooms+ Nice size desk+ Decent views+ Good restaurants+ Tons of slots+ Lots of easily accessible electrical outlets+ Noon check out time standardThe Minuses:- Casino floor is crowded- Driving up parking lot levels is like playing chicken with oncoming traffic- Coffee & Water in room is totally overpriced- Alarm Clock time was off- $9.99 wifi for 24 hours
3	The newly renovated hotel was a great deal (~$35 a night) and we were right outside all the action on Fremont St. I thought it was really cool that there were literally concerts outside the hotel from 12pm to 2am every day during our stay, but I could see how people that wanted to go to sleep earlier than 2 in the morning could find it annoying. I would recommend ear plugs to those people or request to get a room on the quiet side of the hotel (if there is one). This was my first stay on Fremont and it was like a totally different trip than the times when I have stayed on the strip. For one, it is nice that everything is laid back and you don't really have to dress to impress. Also I liked that there are so many places to eat, drink and party for really cheap. It was a nice change. I will add though that 2 of the 4 elevators in the hotel were broken for at least one day. This was a major problem and our party nearly got in a fist fight with 2 crazy broads that pushed my friend and verbally assaulted her in attempt to cut into the elevator in front of the people that had been waiting for over 20 minutes. I called down to guest services who knew about the broken elevators and requested that a security guard be placed in the hall until they had 4 working elevators - but really I am surprised that they had not done this already, even if it was just to alert people of how to get to the stairs or that they would have an excessive wait.
3	I really enjoyed staying here for the price, my husband and I are locals and came here for our anniversary weekend. They have a mix of places to eat so that was great. The rooms were a great size and very quiet but tv channel selection is slim, and I was very disappointed to find that they charge per cup of coffee in the room. I've stayed at many hotels including on the strip and this is the first place that I've seen charge for coffee in the room, noted it is Starbucks coffee, I was sad about waking up on Mother's Day morning and not having coffee ready to drink before I had to get ready to go buy some of our own on Fremont street. The staff wasn't very friendly here though, out of all the places we went to eat and just in general through out the casino, the people that worked there that we spoke with weren't very nice or helpful.
4	The Blind Ambitious Tour of Thelma & Louise made its stop at The D.  Love the valet service and the whole feel. It was as though we arrived at the Ritz!!We really appreciate Debra for her impeccable housekeeping svc and for killing the cricket that made its way into our room. Thank u also to Homer for his transportation referrals. The only issue: the$100 hold on the cc despite having paid a full night as part of the booking. Also as you shower the water does not drain as fast.  Would stay again. Thank you Thelma & Louise
1	I don't know why I spent even a couple hours in this revamped casino hotel because I wasn't impressed from the start.The dealers at the blackjack tables are dolled up ladies who circulate between dealing cards and go go dancing.  All fine and dandy if they weren't so rude!I also expected a lower table limit considering we were downtown and not on the strip.  Yes, it was a Saturday night but $10 minimums at all tables?!?  You can actually find casinos that are similar to this little hole for $3 minimums on the strip (you have to look hard, but they're there!).Maybe the rooms were nice but I didn't stay there.
2	Has nothing to do with Detroit.  Don't waste your time.  Did I not like this place
1	We come to Las Vegas every 3 to 4 months but usually stay on the strip. We decided to give downtown a try. Our first night at the D, we were given a room on the Fremont side, (it would have been really nice if the person checking us in asked us if we would be out partying or if we would be looking for a quiet night). We dont come for gambling or the night life, my father lives there. I took 2 sleeping pills, nyquil, AND had ear plugs and a pillow over my head and still didnt get to sleep until 3:30 in the morning (this was last weekend). The bathroom had soap scum in the soap dish holder in the bathroom so thick you could scrape it off with your nail. Also there was a thick layer of scum on the batch tub. Really disgusting. So I called down to the desk and spoke to Daniel and he stated they would have another room later but it wouldnt be ready for awhile. My husband and I pack up our suit cases....however, one of the elevators is broken so it literally takes 25 minutes to get from floor 33 to the casino floor. I told my husband that I wanted to check to if they possibly had a room available yet. Went to the front desk and spoke with Daniel again and he found us a room. I went to get our car and my husband had to lug all of our luggage all the way back up to our new room. As I walk away from the counter I see a bellboy go by with an empty cart and I am thinking "they have bellboys and that front desk person just let my husband take our bags all the way back upstairs????" He knew we had our bags with us as we asked. I was really shocked and disappointed. This room WAS quieter, however, the grout on the bathroom floor was so dark (you could see the new floor under the sink and could tell what the color was supposed to be) that my husband kept his shoes on and I wore socks in the bathroom. Also I it took awhile to brush my teeth as the sink was clogged and kept filling up. Needless to say, the customer services was very poor, the bathroom was dirty in 2 rooms, the odds that the other rooms are clean are very poor. It is very sad because the owner has put a lot of money into the hotel and the rooms are nice, but the hotel staff did nothing for us and let my husband lug our luggage all the way back upstairs. I am very disappointed and will never stay there again.
4	My only regret staying at the D was not coming staying here longer! Checked in on Friday and things went smoothly, even for it being a holiday weekend. It's a bit of a smaller hotel, but it was recently renovated so the rooms, carpets, etc seemed fresh and new. I was surprised at how nice our room was for the price! It was my first time at Fremont, so the location was awesome. Loved the D Bar and the waitresses there were really friendly and helpful (she suggested a mixture of the Chi Chi flavor and Hurricane..so yummy!). The pool was a bit small, but the people there were really friendly and down to earth..no need to feel like you have to impress anyone or wear a thong bikini to fit in! Getting an elevator during check out time was hard, and we had to wait about 20 minutes, so beware of the elevators from like 11am-1pm! Every staff person (from housekeeping to McDonald's to valet) was friendly and the customer service was excellent. After dropping some serious dough on a disastrous stay at another hotel the following nights, I kept thinking that I should have just stayed at the D...loved it and WILL be back! Thanks for a great stay :)
5	Perfect value in downtown Vegas.  Rooms were clean but simple, like a Holiday Inn, except the beds were freakin' awesome!!  I don't think I've stayed in a comfortable-er hotel bed.Self-parking was a mess.  It took five minutes for the check-in lady to explain to me how hotel guests park for free.  (They can, in theory, as it turns out.)  But on both Friday and Saturday nights the self-park was completely 100% full, forcing me to either valet-park (no) or visit my friends down the street (hello El Cortez!).The casino floor is a bit silly.  Ridiculously loud music, and an attempt to convince you that a party is happening 24/7 even when it's clearly not.  The blackjack dealers are, at night, scantily-clad women who must occasionally take a turn on the small dance floors between blackjack tables.  A few of them were highly distracting, I'll admit, but the scene, overall, was not what I was looking for.One of the best recent additions to downtown Vegas is the 24/7 hot dog place at the D.  It's called something like America's Coney Dog.  It's really a tremendous value late at night.  $10 or so for a chili dog, chili fries, and Coke.  Extra for chili in the Coke.  Not health food, but super-quick and better than any other super-late-night food option I'm aware of.
5	Pros:-NO RESORT FEES-Parking is validated and free if you stay here, otherwise it's $1 an hour.-Prime location for the Fremont Street Experience-Very easy access to room from Casino (unlike a lot of the bigger hotels where it takes 10 minutes just to get from your room to the outside of the hotel)-Clean and nicely remodeled-I think nearly every room has a decent view since it was built vertically not horizontally-Comfy beds and really nice furniture Cons:-Parking is a pain, you have to drive up 7 levels just to park and the structure is narrow.-WIFI is not free, but I suppose that is better than paying a resort fee and why do you need internet in Vegas right?
1	I'm told this used to be the Fitzgerald, and I don't think I ever went when it was that hotel.  I dragged my husband to the D because I heard they had the Sigma Derby game upstairs.  I used to play that back when I first started to come to Vegas in the 90s but then all the machines disappeared.  We went on a weekend night, and tried to valet the car.  It looks like you can or should only be able to valet if you are a hotel guest, which I think is pretty lame.  They have a small space.  The valet staff was pretty young.  My husband had a foot injury and so we had rented a power scooter to get him around and usually needed help getting it in and out of the car, and assembled, so we always used valet, and might I say, at most properties, we were welcomed.  This place seemed a little snootier.  But they accepted our car, grudgingly.  Of course the valet staff didn't offer to help us in any way.  We got into the casino and I knew the Derby was upstairs so we proceeded to look around for the elevators.  The place is really more for younger folks, I think.  We're 51 and 62.  The recorded music was BLASTING at club levels, and there was a long bar of hipsters looking around to see what kind of fresh meat was coming into the area.  The pit area has got go-go dancers in scantily clad outfits, dancing, while people play table games.  Maybe the men find this appealing, I wouldn't.  We did finally ask someone where the elevators were after getting some unhelpful looks from everyone there, and found the Derby.  There was a loud group of 30-something men playing it....not like I recall in the old days.....and all the seats were full.  As the music and the noise level of people talking was pretty high, and the place is pretty small and close, we decided to leave and go get our car.  We ran into several drunk people on the way out.  It took them longer to find our car than other people that came up to valet after us, and after I tipped the valet guy, he just walked away and didn't offer to help in any way, or even close my door.  So, note to self, be younger, and don't God forbid be disabled, and count on drinking, if you want to fit it.  Oh, and probably having a headache wouldn't be a good thing either.
1	What a horrible place to stay.  We checked in at 1 am only to find the hallway to the room was so hot which was not a good sign. And the AC in both our rooms did not work well and don't get me started on the loud noise it made while it was on. It was blowing out warm air.  We could not sleep because of the heat.  I called the front desk in the morning to complain about the the AC units. The electricians came to replace both AC units in both rooms which took 1.5 hrs.  We couldn't leave the room until they were done. The replaced AC units worked better, but not great and the noise continued so good luck trying to sleep.The electrician mentioned they have been working all night on various problems in the hotel all night and expect to have more problems through-out the weekend.  We couldn't even open the curtains because the heat from outside was so hot and talk about getting second degree burns when touching the window. I'm not kidding it was that hot. So, we had the curtains closed the entire time and  were in the dark (except for the lights which seem to make the room warmers) pretty much when were were in the room.That night, all of the elevators were  down and they were shuffling 10 guest at a time to take the service elevator up to your room.  Talk about warm being crammed into a small service elevator.  We heard the next day, one of the elevators with people in it dropped 5 floors. Lucky my family was not in it. The front desk did not tell us the coffee in the rooms were not free and they really didn't tell you where the elevators were at, give you a map of the casino nothing, so be sure to ask.  They basically get your information, give you your key and send you on your way. And the pool is nothing but a back yard swimming pool with about 7 lounge chairs no umbrellas and if you like lounging by the pool near the street with traffic streaming down the street not to mention the huge buses rolling by this is your place.  You have to walk out of the hotel to another building of course they did not tell you that at check in. I asked a couple of employees where is the pool and they just pointed.  Valet is free, but expect to wait 15 - 20 mins to get your car.  They only had 2 guys each day taking and dropping off car for the guest.  Best thing is to call ahead that's if they answer the phone. This place is joke, I haven't seen so many electricians running from room to room not to mention Otis elevator techs running through the hallways and people in the elevators when they did work or you waited about 5 - 10 mins complaining about all the problems they were having (AC being one of the biggest problems).  When were were checking out, 2 guest were complaining to the manage about the AC, elevators and overall bad service.  Stay away until they fixed all their problems.
4	The D is one my wife's and I favorite spots. We love to hang out at the outside bar with the two best flair bartenders in town (Christian and Martin) and watch the interesting people who wander Fremont Street Experience. Its like getting two shows for the price of one! It's definitely a great spot to unwind after a long work week.
2	Didn't stay at the hotel, but can only comment as to the crowd after a recent walk-through. Recently updated, but more old slots than new, mirrored only by the age of the crowd. Fairly good amount of less-than-desirable hotel guests as well, walking around eyeing everyone and everything. I can't remember the last time I saw that many Cholos sporting LA Dodgers attire, shaved heads, and black Speedo sunglasses. Around $40 a night on the weekdays, but money isn't everything, especially if you're constantly checking your back pocket to make sure your wallet is in tact. Maybe the rooms are nice, but I'll probably never find out. Guess I'm an LV Strip kinda guy.
2	Staying here is like going to New York and stayed the night in a decent hotel... in Harlem!Even with its cheap price tag and no resort fee($40), it is still not enough to convince me to stay here again. The room is actually decent, yet it is the less than desirable clientele that REALLY scared me off. Walk around this hotel inside and out, then go down to the real strip (8 miles away), it is obvious that this isn't the Vegas experience, for business or for pleasure, one would want. I'd avoid this place in the future if I can. I was constantly worrying about the safety of my car and my wallet. All 6 staff members I have dealt with were simply unpleasant, they all lack that sincerity that deem necessary in the service industry. I've got staff knocking on my door at 8AM "just to check and see if we have left yet." We all know what you are trying to pull here, you aint fooling no one.
1	The management consist of six-fingered, albino banjo players.  This place is a shit-hole... over crowed and understaffed.
4	Even during the remodeling it's a wonder how the old Fitz has changed, for the better. The Name isn't familiar to most but the owner has really put his money where his mouth is, and turned this dive around. You still get what every hotel in downtown gets, a lot of foot traffic that some Strip hotels never see. The Downstairs casino has high energy music playing and it can be quite loud, but upstairs is the Old fashioned coin machines are. Has one of the Best Steakhouses in Las Vegas. The D' grill has everything a dinner needs on its menu, and i have never had a bad meal there. It's a work in progress, but already it looks like its going to be a great Place to stay,play,and party in Las Vegas
3	This is a really tough review for me to write. It's tough because I love Derek Stevens (the owner of both this and the Golden Gate) and everything he stands for. And I was a big fan of Fitzgeralds (this hotel & casino before it became the D). In fact, the Fitz was my introduction to downtown when I first gave it a try back in 2006. Back then the Fitz had an Irish theme, which they gradually phased out until it was all but completely abandoned by the time Mr. Stevens & Crew took over. In sum, I love what they've done to the place. It's a major step up. But there are some things about it that, well, maybe only time can fix. I know it couldn't have been easy to redo a complete dive like the Fitz had become. Okay so in the spirit of "completely honest reviews," I'll shoot it to you straight. As always. Here are the pros and cons as I saw them following my recent three-night stay: Pros: 1. Completely upgraded casino and check-in area. Very comfortable and modern. 2. The Long Bar. Unique and, well, long. Great place for watching your favorite sporting events. And the man Derek himself can frequently be found here. 3. No resort fees! Major plus. 4. Generally nice views from the rooms and plenty of bathroom counter space. Approx 1,000 times more than at the nearby Fremont (see my separate review on that joint).5. Great location on Fremont St. Center of the action and a McDonald's right inside (I'm so glad they kept that). 6. THE absolute BEST steakhouse I've visited anywhere. Named Andiamo, this restaurant even beats Vic & Anthony's at Golden Nugget. Best food, service, personality, ambiance, and value. Worth a special trip.7. American Coney Island, the finest hot dog place in the world, is also located right inside and is open 24/7 (just like McDs). Cons: 1. The rooms are really still the same old Fitz rooms. I got a Premium Corner King and I'd swear it was the exact same room I stayed in years ago. There's some new furniture and a lot of new artwork. But mostly, it feels the same. Ever limbo? You'll need to if you plan to sit on the toilet [Every limbo boy and girl, all around the limbo world...Jack be nimble Jack be quick...Jack go under toilet stick...]2. Related to #1, old and very weak AC unit. It's the blower kind that sits directly under the window. It was SO loud I had to leave the room to make a phone call. And even on max settings, the room was warm. I wish they had upgraded to a thermostat. It would make a huge difference. 3. Speaking of the rooms, the Premium Corner King room is now considered an upgrade. Back when this was the Fitz, all you had to do was ask the front desk if they'd put you in one of the many "corner rooms" and they usually would (but you had to ask). Nearly every time I got this as part of the standard room simply by asking. But it's a paid upgrade now. 4. Front desk staff is most unkind. I'd read this on some recent reviews and found it hard to believe. Figured maybe some of the reviewers simply brought some attitude with them and got some back. But no. When I checked in and asked for two room keys, the girl at the front desk protested. "But you are only one person. So you only get one key."Okay fine, no big deal. But then a manager whispered something in her ear and I got two anyway. But I really didn't understand what all the fuss was about. It was overall a very surly check-in experience. I'm really not used to that. Oh well, I figured she just had a bad day. Then I had a different person, a guy, for check-out. Same thing. He mumbled, barely made eye contact, and didn't even give me my statement until I finally asked for it. Strange. Come on, guys! I know Derek is not that hard to work for. Lighten up!So all in all, I like the place but only to visit. I'd recommend eating, playing, watching sports, and just generally hanging out there. But staying? As in for a sleepover? Mmmmm not so much. That was probably my last time getting a room here. Depends on what you like, but I can't do the rooms here again. While I'll slumber someplace else, I do plan to drop by and be a "regular" on any future trips.
4	I thought that I would never say that I am impressed or pleased with a casino downtown, but the D is pretty awesome. They have go-go dancers and they play very good, up-to-date music that people in their 20s and 30s listen to. Nice decor. Machines don't pay so you have to gamble local.
4	i really enjoyed my stay here for my first time staying downtown. The casino was nice and the drinks were strong. The pool was outside and very small which didnt look like fun lol.  Rooms were nice and very comfortable. The only problem i had really was our room was right above the band that was outside. The band doesnt stop playing till 2am so if your looking to get some sleep you will need ear plugs. I would stay here again .
3	At first I thought the D was a really small place but after going upstairs it was a lot of fun. The horse races upstairs was so much fun. My uncle won like $150. You guess which horses were going to win. It is pretty small though.
3	1 star for the creative hotel name. 1 star for having my Wheel of Fortune Slot machines. 1 star for the long bar outside with those fruity slushy drinks. Located right in the Fremont Experience. A mixture of old slot machines and new ones. Girls dancing on tables in the table games area. Nothing too exciting. Fellas, now there's a place where you can "give her the D at the D"Just don't end up with a STD.
1	We just got back from spending July 4th weekend in Vegas.  Stayed at the D again, but this experience was much worse than the last time.  The A/C in the first room we were assigned was spewing out hot air (on a day when the outside temp was 113).  We were really looking forward to a nap after a long drive, but there was no sleeping in the sauna.  After 3 calls down to the front desk and an hour and a half later, I demanded to be given a different room.  The manager grudgingly obliged.I mentioned the rickety elevators in my previous post, and 2 of the 4 elevators were out of service through most of this past weekend.  I asked the staff if this was a regular occurrence, and all of them candidly told me it was.We were awakened at 4 this morning by the sound of hammering in the room directly above ours.  At 8am, they started up the power tools.  Another call down to the manager, and he offered to switch us to yet another room.  I told him that since we were checking out in a few hours, I wanted the last night comped instead.  He grudgingly obliged.  Upon packing for the trip home, my wife discovered a very large cockroach walking across the floor.  I guarantee you we didn't bring him with us!  RIP, Mr. Roach...The staff is generally helpful - the valets, bell desk employees & cleaning crew will bend over backwards to help you out.  But it seems the hotel is falling to pieces around them, and no amount of goodwill can make up for that.  I think we'll try someplace different on our next stay.
4	Super friendly staff and wonderfully renovated rooms.I was a little nervous about staying at an older hotel on Fremont Street. Once I was welcomed into The D and saw our room, all of my fears went out the window. Everything was clean and up to standard.(Last Vegas trip, our room smelled like wet dog and I was not comfortable in the bathroom.) I really loved the red feature wall. It was a two queen room and there was more than sufficient space for 3 people and all the luggage.We had a view of the ziplines, but to be fair, I wasn't in Vegas for a view, I was in Vegas for the experience of Vegas. It was easy access to The Fremont Street Experience, the casino opened up to the street. It is centrally located, so access to buses to the Strip was idea. They had a pool, unfortunately, we didn't have an opportunity. The McDonald's in the lobby was convenient. The D Grill on the second floor is perfect for all tastes. I just really enjoyed my time there.
2	I DO NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL!! Room was not great at all and the pool is a joke. When we called and told them about our horrible experience, they did give us two free nights though.
4	"You get what you pay for," as many will tell you. But sometimes a great value like the D Hotel comes along, and subverts that entire axiom. We were in Vegas for just a couple of days and did not mind being away from the strip. The room was just a regular standard room with a king bed, and it was so much more than the guesses our nightly rate of $64 would generate. The room was simply decorated, but very clean. The room was spacious, the bed was soft and very comfortable, and the little stylistic features of the room made the entire thing feel more like a 4-star hotel.There were also other little things about the room that you don't really get with a "cheap" Vegas option. Yes, the TV, minifridge, phone, iron & ironing board were all there and worked as expected, but you there were some touches of class that you wouldn't normally expect. How about the nice spacious bathroom? Or the large mirror by the window, or the stylish pair of lamps on either side of the bed? I've stayed at the Vdara, Aria, Planet Hollywood Towers, Treasure Island, and other 4-star-and-up hotels, in addition to more economical alternatives such as Hooters and Imperial Palace. The D Hotel is a lot closer to the former group than the latter.If being downtown instead of on the strip is no problem for you, give this place a try. It actually worked out for us to be here instead on the strip because we were able to take the freeway to the hot spots. You probably remember how sad you feel for those drivers inching forward once every few minutes on a Saturday night as you're walking past a whole mile of them on your way to Marquee. That wasn't a problem for us; we got from downtown to the the parking structure at New York New York in about 7 minutes.I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5 because of the parking situation. It's a validation system and it's kind of a pain to get your ticket validated each time. The hotel offers a day-long validated ticket but the system rejected two of these, so don't bother. There are 11 floors in the structure, but 6 of them are for valets and there really aren't that many spots left. This could be an annoying issue. I got extremely lucky and landed the LAST spot in the whole garage two separate times, but I don't think that'd repeat. All in all, a great option for Vegas. Apparently their steakhouse is amazing too. Maybe I'll try it next time.
5	THE D exceeded my expectations. It is a vast improvement over Fitzgerald's.The hotel rooms - and I had a standard king - are better than most places downtown. Like everything downtown, the Golden Nugget has the best hotel rooms and then the argument of second-best is up for grabs. The standard rooms at THE D are not as spacious as the El Cortez Tower rooms but the decor and atmosphere, comfort of the bed and size of the bathroom are superior.Andiano's Steak House is a great restaurant. Tried it for the first time and will be back when we visit Vegas again whether or not we stay at THE D.We did not see a show here and frankly the management could do a better job promoting their shows - did not even notice they had a topless revue and the only mention of the SCINTAS at their hotel was an advertisement on the wall of the hotel elevator.The staff was friendly and competent. The dealers are all a little more pleasant and alert at THE D than at a lot of the casinos downtown that specialize in "zombie" syndrome going thru the motions at their job.
1	Wife and I went to Las Vegas this weekend and wanted to spend at least one night on Fremont Street.  We were walking around and we saw the D Hotel.  The ambiance in the casino was nice and relaxed.  We got a room on short notice, which was nice, and then proceeded to check in.The room itself was decent. A king size bed, two chairs, and a little table.  The bathroom was just a standard bathroom with a shower tub, sink, and mirror.  It appeared as though this place had been bought, and just given a fresh coat of paint.  The ceilings still had popcorn all over them.  They didn't tell us that rooms on the odd side of the hotel will catch ALL of the  noise from Fremont street.  So while the live band was still playing at 2am, the front desk said they would move us to the other side and that apparently it was our fault for not asking in the first place.So we move to our second room.  We get in at 2am, get unpacked, turn on the AC and it sounds like its broken.  Its shaking and making a horrible noise.  I walk over to inspect the unit and it falls out of the wall......I could see the outside from the hole in the wall where the AC should be.  So now my wife is pissed off, she walks down and gets up moved again.  So now we are finally in the third room a little after 3am.  It was just as bad as the others, but the AC didnt make that much noise.  And it wouldnt matter by that time.  With a 6 hour drive and another 10 hours of walking around vegas, we were ready to sleep.The only pro of this entire place is the Valet staff and Bell Staff.  They were all very nice and courteous.  Such nice people, its sad the place they work for doesn't do a good job supporting them.
3	Stayed here for EDC 2013. Great time. Nice rooms.Gaming don't pay out too well.I will be back.
4	This is a nice new trendy place (by new I mean redone- it was The Fitzgeralds) right in downtown Las Vegas.  The rooms have had a light makeover with fresh new bedding, mattresses,  curtains, carpet.  I think the furniture might be old or at least it looked kind of 80s.   The bathrooms have not been redone but they are fine and the shower curtains are new.   We paid around $50/night so I thought it was a bargain considering the remodeling investment they've made and the fact that it's well located on Fremont St.   The a/c units don't work that great but when I mentioned it to the front desk they sent someone up quickly to fix it.   I would recomment this place.  Small pool area.  This isn't a place for kids.  Then again, Vegas isn't a place for kids in my opinion.
3	When tourists ask me about cheap places to stay in Vegas, I always recommend staying downtown. I love downtown Vegas and it can be a very convenient and cost-effective place to stay. And like most downtown hotels, The D has undergone a makeover and update. (It used to be Fitzgerald's.)The price was great for our stay here. Stayed for 5 nights for less than $200. The rooms were good. There's only so much you can do to update an old building. But the furnishings were nice and the bed was comfy. The A/C was still an under-window unit, but it worked surprisingly well. And the bathroom was decent too. 3.5 stars.The casino itself is nice and very much updated. Good options all around. And it has the longest bar in Nevada. I love the upstairs retro casino. There's nothing quite like carrying around buckets of quarters. I could've sat forever playing the horse derby game. And cocktail waitresses came around frequently. 4 stars.The dining options are lackluster, but there's tons of other options in the immediate area, so that was no biggie. 2 stars.Valet was relatively quick every time. It was easy to get in and out, and took just minutes to get to the Strip. Again, downtown is a very convenient location - and where The D is situated is particularly convenient. And despite what it says on their website and what I was told when I checked in, valet does not cost anything. It is free (though, you should tip), just like every place on the Strip. 3 stars.The pool is horrible. But that's pretty much the case with all of the downtown hotels (with the exception of the Golden Nugget). It was just a crappy apartment complex pool. Crappy lounge chairs, no bar, small, etc., etc. But hey, you can always go to one of the pools on the Strip to hang out. 1 star.It is the staff and check-in desk that pretty much ruined our stay. They had our reservation wrong, despite me having a print out of it and me having called to confirm it after booking online - which means they tried to charge us more. They screwed up the charges on my credit card, which resulted in our room keys not working every single night. And no one noticed the problem until our last night there. It was incredibly frustrating. And if my extremely lengthy amounts of time waiting in line at the check-in desk taught me anything, it was that I was not alone. There were some pretty big guest issues every single night. And, of course, they only had one person working at night and no manager. 1 star.So while I would normally stay here again based on the price and room quality, I won't because of the hassles, frustrations, and staff. But I do wholeheartedly recommend coming here for some retro gaming.
4	I'm from Detroit and I played the Michael Jackson Machine which is Motown Music originally and I won $236 bucks. The stars were aligned I guess you could say. Nice place that is clean and hot dancers dancing on all the table games which was a nice touch. Very Long stocked bar!
4	Really impressed with the hotel.. will be going back..I expected seedy because it is on Freak Street but it is actually really nice..
5	Coming from one of the most negative writers on Yelp, I cannot say enough GREAT things about The D Hotel and Casino.  Simply put, it is the BEST thing to happen to Las Vegas in a long time!  I had to come to Vegas to attend a friend's birthday celebration.  My friends and I decided to stay at The D because we enjoy staying in downtown and away from all the donkey tourists on The Strip.  Since the Golden Nugget's customer service has gone out the window (See my Nugget review) we decided to gamble on staying at The D....and the dice came up 7!I have to admit I was very skeptical about staying here, having read the previous reviews about the lack of A.C., long lines for the elevators, and noisy rooms.  However I was pleasantly surprised once I checked in for the weekend.  Upon quickly dropping off my car at valet, I was SHOCKED to see NO line at the check in counter!  (This is always a big fear of mine as I have no patients, especially for tourists that like to take their sweet time chatting with the employees about nothing)  I checked in quickly and early, I made sure to request a quiet room away from Freemont St. where the party doesn't end until close to 5am.  I also requested a room close to the elevator and got my requests granted, even during a SOLD OUT weekend!The trick to keeping your room ice cold is to keep your curtains closed during the day, this will keep the 108 degree sun from preheating the room like an oven.  The beds here are extremely comfortable and had a GREAT nights sleep every night!  There were NO lines for the elevators the entire weekend I stayed, and none of them broke down.  My stay here was EXCELLENT!  The service at The D is simply OUTSTANDING!  While other Las Vegas hotels have stopped trying, The D goes above and beyond to serve their guests and make your stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible!  I haven't been this impressed with a hotel in Vegas since The Mirage first opened.  This hotel without a doubt is one of the BEST bangs for your Las Vegas buck!  The Casino:The casino is VERY cool, young and hip!  It has a GREAT vibe throughout and the late night Go-Go dancers above the table games are a nice touch.  But perhaps the BEST part of The D's casino is the Vintage style gaming located on the 2nd floor.  This is where she sits......One of the BEST games EVER created for a Las Vegas casino......One of ONLY 3 left in existence (If you count the one sitting in an undisclosed Las Vegas warehouse).......Ladies and Gentlemen....THE SIGMA DERBY!  a.k.a. The Plastic Ponies.  One of my favorite games, and the only one that will pull me out of a Poker Room.  Yes, The D has a Sigma Derby and it is BEAUTIFUL!  In addition, the rest of the 2nd floor consists of vintage style slots and video poker machines complete with "Coin Fall".  Buckets included.  I am predicting The D will single-handedly be responsible for building up downtown Las Vegas again.  The Show:I took the guys to see the "Raack N Roll" show at The D, this was a FUN show consisting of topless female dancers with absolutely AMAZING bodies!  One of the better dance shows Las Vegas has to offer.The Bottom Line:As I always say, Las Vegas was better when the mob ran it.  But The D is the best thing to happen to Las Vegas in a long time and is a GIANT step in the right direction!  As much as I dislike what Vegas has become, I would stay at The D again in a second, and encourage others to as well.  You will not be disappointed.  Enjoy!
2	THE GOOD: Its downtown.  If you havent been downtown in a while, its time to go.  This stay started out great, but lost some steam each day, and ultimately failed.Good check-in, great clerk. Nice room on the 25th floor. Arrived for First Friday, caught the shuttle to the Arts District for the fest.  All good; a bunch o' fun.THE BAD: Either one or two of the 4 elevators were down the entire stay.  Very long waits to and from the room.  Took the stairs down once but the stairwell dumps you out into the hotel's back alley which is probably not where you want to hang...THE UGLY: On Sunday night about 1:00am, construction began on the room renovation directly above our room (this would not have been a problem on Friday or Saturday, but Monday morning?, yeah, thats gonna be a problem...)  Could NOT sleep through it.  Called front desk, they said we had to move rooms, so at 1:30am, we shlepped our bags down to the 17th floor to escape the cacophony.  The hotel apologized and comp'd us $50 food/beverage credit for the inconvenience.  Later that morning, we got up, not well rested--oh well, its vegas after all--and ate breakfast at the D Grill (you may want to read the separate review for this place before going), and charged it to the room against the comped credit.  Found out later they never comped the $50 to the room and I got charged for everything.  In the process of discovering this, I found out: The D and Golden Gate will implement a $20/night resort fee as of August 19, 2013, so thats really a nail in the ol' coffin -- er, the ol' Fitzgeralds, er, The D Hotel.GRADE: In this case, lets just let the hotel's name speak for itself: D
3	My friends had some vouchers to spend here so we popped in for a bit while crusing around Fremont. The most interesting thing about this place I think is the fact all the dealers and go go dancers were attractive young women wearing the same outfits. We were wondering if they took turns being dealers AND go go dancers. We didn't stay long enough to find out for sure, but my friend did mention that the dealer he had seemed a little clueless about something so perhaps that's their deal.--LIL UPDATE--One of the employees messaged me and let me know that they DO Dance and Deal, so there you go! :D
2	As of August 2013, the D now charges a $20 resort fee. Ugh. I guess it was just a matter of time. So scratch that from my "pros" list.
1	I checked into the "D" hotel for the evening and was greeted at the registration desk by a nice, polite young lady. During check-in I was asked if I ever stayed at the "D" hotel. I said no that I have been staying at another hotel on Fremont Street for several years and decided to try The D. The young lady welcomed me and checked me into a "nice room on the 16th floor". It was in fact a very nice room. After going to my room I returned to the Casino and Fremont St. I returned to my room later in the evening to retire for the night.Well, at 5:58am I was awakened by hammering and power tools on the 17th floor right above my room and this continued for the rest of the morning.While checking out I was again greeted by the same young lady who had checked me in on Wed. I asked her what the hammering was that wakened me at 5:58am and she replied that the whole 17th floor was being renovated and that the work was not supposed to start until 6:00am.My question is why if the young lady at the check-in desk knew this information on Wed. would she put me in a "nice room on the 16th floor"? If she would have told me at my check in that there was work being done on the 17th floor I would have asked for a different room on a different floor. I'm sure the hotel wasn't full on a Wed. night and if that was the case I would have chosen a different hotel.
3	Never stayed at their hotel, but the casino is pretty much the same as the others. The long bar outside the casino is right in the mix of the Fremont Experience. They have those alcoholic slushie machines and any kind of regular liquor you want. This place got us started to a good time at the Fremont Experience.
3	So for an old hotel/casino, it's not bad w the facelift but like most of the reviews on hotel sites, their plumbing really does sucks. ~ THE GOOD ~- nicely new renovation~ THE BAD ~- plumbing is bad- very thin walls so you can hear a lot- it is very loud as they play concerts right below us- during the late noon time, elevator takes forever ESP since you can only have 10 people max in there- in the late morning, water is not available for half hour (so no sink, shower or toilet). - 5 small pillows vs regular sized pillowOverall, I didn't have that bad of an experience. Just listing the food and bad that I noticed.
1	Don't valet your car here! I had $300 stolen from my car when I valet here. The valet person searched my car for my purse and went through my purse and stole all but $1.00. I am trying to get the D hotel to reimburse me.. I'm not holding my breath!
2	I appreciate what the owner has done with the place and how he runs the joint, but I'm not aboard yet. - Checkin here is a pretty inefficient process- Resort fees are a cost of doing business now, but $20? Says you get free wifi, but when you go to log in it says its $10 a day. I assume you can just reconcile the bill at the desk at checkout, but for a supposedly budget joint and area I'm confused by the nickel and diming. A lot of Strip casinos don't charge you $20. - What is the point of having the longest bar in Vegas if you staff it as if its a Starbucks kiosk? Two bartenders on a Friday afternoon was frustrating. - Basic room, fine enough but my remote didn't work and the channel button on the tv changed the setting. #tvfailGood things?- Hopping casino - Owner who is visible and cares.
5	After many years of hotels on the strip, my friends and I decided to do a 3-day weekend in downtown Vegas.  We stumbled across The D and it turned out to be the best decision ever.  Newly remodeled rooms, great staff and loose slots.  What more could we ask for.  We will return to The D!
3	Stayed here over the weekend and I can't complain much. Front desk person was a gentleman and was nothing but pleasant. Provided a verbal tour of the entire casino.Check in was speedy and smooth. Room was nothing out of the ordinary. Bed was comfortable. Plenty of pillows provided (major plus!). Cons-noise outside can be heard. If you are one to sleep or fall asleep before midnight, you might end up waking up cranky because of the noise from outside, be it a public concert or crowd. -does not have much cable channel offered. There must have been less than 8 channels.-this one really is the reason why I only gave 3 stats. The darn resort fees! $22/night resort fee. After I acknowledged such, I mind started to ponder. What exactly is a resort fee? The only resort related venue I could think of was the pool area. Casino did not have (to my knowledge) a spa center, or a fitness center to justify the fee(s). Overall, I would come to this "resort" again if I get a free night stay or whatever they have special going on. Other than that, not my first choice.
4	Very classy casino representing Detroit on Freemont Street in downtown Las Vegas.  Has live entertainment.  The dealers dance, they rotate but it is fun to watch.  Not confirmed but I am sure The D stands for Detroit they even have a National Coney Island jus like in the D.  We actually got free play we signed up for players cards.  And won a bit on machines.  Will make it back here for sure on our 5th trip back to Vegas in the future.We even seen a show got buy one get one free ticket coupon from a local tour guide magazine on Vegas.
1	Picked up my Uncle and got him checked in.  Lugged his stuff up to his room and then made arrangements to meet downstairs after he unpacked and relaxed a bit.Went to the Long Bar, only a few patrons on the bar.  Contemplated whether I would play a little video poker when I was approached by the bartender Antwon - I simply asked for a glass of water to start.  He asked if I were staying at the D or planning on playing.  I replied that I was not staying, and not sure if I was going to play.He informed me in a curt tone that since I was not a guest nor was I playing that he could not serve me a glass of water.  He then just walked away.I was shocked to say the least.  I was in a newer tee shirt and shorts, I did not smell, but felt I was treated like a vagrant.  I did not ask for a free beer, or liquor - simply a glass of water and was treated like shit.I come to Vegas on a regular basis and am usually downtown.  I thought the D had done a fabulous job on the rooms, casino and atmosphere of the facilities, but I guess I had it wrong.  I will NEVER set foot in this property again, not to play a penny or to eat.  I will be sure to let my friends know how i was treated.
4	Had a blast at the tables! Dealers were fun and we won! Would go back next time in Vegas!
2	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless you are staying for a short one or two night trip and plan on staying out of your room most of the time. Better customer service would have changed my entire experience.Pros:-well priced rooms (except the resort fee)-new furniture and curtains-if you're a guest valet is free (no one at the hotel told me) -bath & body works products in the restrooms Cons:-1 star customer service level - employees at the front desk seem as if they expect complaints and warn you about everything negative without telling you about the good things like free valet for guests -2 out of 3 nights I could not reach the front desk on the phone- bathrooms have not been renovated, fixtures look about 30 years old with modern artwork put up around them-bad plumbing- 2 out of 4 elevators were consistently breaking down with guests stuck inside. At one point I had to wait 30 minutes to get on the elevator as my room was on the 23rd floor, we crossed our fingers every time we used them- my booking confirmation said I had a coffee maker in the room but soon found out they charge $2.50 to use 1 k-cup-Wifi is $9.99/day to use in the room-$20/day resort fee... No clue what it covered (not wifi or in room coffee)- no gym-no business center -self parking is free for guests but after they validated my parking on the first day my ticket no longer worked and I ended up paying $1/hr just to get out of the parking structure -self park is always full as guest parking is only floors 7-11.. I wish they told me about the free valet when I checked in-I could hear everything from the street on the 23rd floor! Screaming, sirens, a/c units from the parking structure, everything (I didn't ask for a higher floor because the elevators kept breaking down)-only about 10 channels available on the tv
2	I hate the fact that I have to give this place such a low rating. Many aspects of it kick ass. I came to Vegas 9/25/13  for my honeymoon and spent my last night at the D. At check in I specifically asked for a nice room and would pay more. What they gave me was a room that was standard and next to the stage outside that blared music until late into the night. After complaints, we were moved to a better room that was quieter. Needless to say, we love old Vegas  but will stay somewhere else next time
3	Stayed there three days two nights. Room was nice and clean hotel was great overall good. Only fail was the pool , the hot tub was cold and the pool was gross , get a new nice pool
1	I would give negative 10 stars if I could, but I'd really think this would've been a nice place to stay since it's "newly remodeled" plus, it was cheap to stay here anyways. Whenever visiting Vegas, I always enjoy staying in Downtown Vegas just cause I'm able to see some faces I'd see back at home, so it's comforting. Don't get me wrong, the hotel is nice. But the service is surely something else. I needed a room that could accommodate 5 adults, and 2 young children. I'd ideally like something that offered 3 queen sized beds, but figured that 2 queens sized beds and a sofa/sofa sleeper would suit us. Prior to booking our room, I called the hotel personally to find out more information about a double room that I stumbled onto online. I was told that the double room has a queen size bed in each room, and one of the rooms has a couch as well. I got off the phone, and called again to speak to someone else to confirm the information that I was told. (Which it was) So I thought that this would be perfect and continued the reservation.When arriving at the hotel, we parked the car in the parking structure...and might I say, this is the WORST parking structure ever. The way it was built was retarded. I can't recall the right number, but I noticed right off the back that the first four or five floors (parking starts at level 3 & ends at level 11) are all reserved for valet. It was Bike Fest that weekend, and also noticed most of the stalls for valet & self parking was FULL of bikes. But the fact that only a few floors for self parking?! COME ON NOW! We LITERALLY had to fight for parking almost each time we parked the car. Checking in was a pain in the ass. I stood in line. but managed to have at least 3 people cut in front of me when I was next in line, by walking straight to the person at the counter. All employees saw that I was standing in line, but never acknowledged anything at all. RUDE. After that happening, I even had problems getting checked into my room.So, we finally checked in & got into our room and to my surprise, it wasn't a double room. It was just a room with two queen sized beds and NO couch. Of course, I'm beyond livid after already having trouble checking in, this got my blood boiling. Called front desk to find out what happened, they apologized for me being angry & stated that the room only comes w/ a couch in a room that has a king sized bed. I repeatedly told the girl that I was told by two different people about the room prior to booking the room. So I was stuck with ONE room instead of a DOUBLE room with NO couch. I threw a fit, and they waived the fee for a rollaway bed. All in all, I hated my stay here. Service was horrible, they give you crappy things in the room & overpriced as well. $4.50 for a bottle of water & $2.50 for a cup of coffee. Wifi cost $9.99/day. Oh, and did I mention that this is the ONLY hotel that I've ever stayed in that DIDNT have a mini fridge OR microwave? Yeah, stupid. Whenever eating out, we were either forced to either eat all our food or throw it out even if there was a ton of leftovers that we could've easily saved for later. Walls were thin, could literally hear the conversation the people next door was having. Housekeeping endlessly opening our door to clean our room even if we put up the "DO NOT DISTURB" sign up. Go-go dancers were not attractive at all. Could hear noise from outside. We often were RUDELY approached by security when we would enter the hotel with our kids at night, even if we were going straight up to the room. AND I found a bed bug in one of the beds the morning we checked out...GROSS!In other words, I will NEVER stay here again. I'd rather bust out a little more money for somewhere I know I'd enjoy staying.
1	The parking structure sucks. The service sucks. The elevators suck. The rooms suck. The overpriced water and cup of coffee suck. Back to the elevators, it clearly has "10 people maximum" engraved onto the elevator, but it gets stuck with only 8??? And the billing sucks. They overcharged my family and I, and I'm sure they made that mistake to many others because the line for checking out was SUPER LONG. And I almost forgot, the fucking toilet sucks. Excuse my language, but whether you're taking a quick piss or a shit, you're gonna be stuck holding down the lever for 10+ seconds just to flush everything down. Maybe it's just me, but I'd definitely pay a couple of dollars more to stay at the MGM or something because this place sucked. I DO GIVE PROPS TO THE VALET WORKERS THO, they are speedy!
2	2 stars for Clean room with very basic amenities. Loses major points for unfriendly/not very helpful front desk staff. The girl that checked me in seemed to not really want to answer my questions. The people that checked me out were a little more helpful.Their website lies when it says that the shuttle comes every half hour - you actually have to schedule in advance, it doesn't just come. Would've been nice to know earlier.The big cons:- No Free Wi-Fi, which I think is a must have in hotels these days- The Pool closes at 7pm, which is completely stupid. What pool closes that early?!- walls are paper thin. Could hear the concert outside from my room, and I was on the 12th floor. Was woken up at 730am by slamming doors and then again at 8 by the vacuum and loud housekeeping staff. Building creaks constantly throughout the night. You can clearly hear your neighbors conversations and a/c running.- When I was walking through the casino, one of the workers with the earbuds ran straight into me from behind, without even trying to say excuse me or sorry. Rude.-this is kind of a stupid complaint, but the way the sink was installed in the bathroom was not good. The spout for the water was set too far back in the marble, so you couldn't really reach your hands under the water stream to wash themPros: -Room was clean, and didn't smell bad (non-smoking)-Had basic amenities that worked for me (hair dryer, big mirror in bathroom, nice bathtub, a TV)- pretty alright view -I could walk to Dunkin donuts in the morning to get a coffee.-The concert I went to see was directly below my hotel. So I guess the proximity to everything downtown is great.It's not a bad place to stay if you're completely on a budget and want to check out the Fremont st experience (which I definitely had a good time at). I personally probably won't stay here again - I like the strip hotels experience better for the higher quality service.
3	Overall, I liked The D, but my impression was spoiled by the non-caring VALET GUYS at the very end of our stay. I like the fact that, unlike The Golden Nugget, The D's parking garage is connected directly to the hotel. Arriving late at night, I do not like to catch an elevator down to the ground floor, roll baggage across a driveway into the hotel lobby, then catch another elevator up to the room, upon checking in. The D's registration is conveniently connected to the parking garage and located near the elevator on the ground floor. The very warm and friendly registration gal gave us a room overlooking the mountains on the 33rd floor. The rooms have been renovated and although not everything is spanking new and replaced (chipped bathroom tile floor, hanging metal from shower head), the room was functional for our needs. Most importantly, my Mother and I found it to be spacious and clean. I liked the Keurig coffeemaker for my tea-making needs but did not use the K-cups because there is a hefty charge. Our 33rd floor housekeeper was very accommodating. We had a little trouble with a disappearing DND sign twice and the long-term parking ticket malfunctioning twice upon exiting the parking structure, but that was nothing compared to our valet experience upon leaving the hotel. On our last day, we were directed to valet the car because self-parking was full from the evening Downtown activities. I'd like to mention here that the valet guys in general need to be trained in customer care. Often, the valet is the LAST impression left with a hotel guest, and as in this case, can make or break the overall hotel experience. The valet should not expect that hotel guests will know exactly what to do when valeting a car. Unfriendly Valet Guy #1 who received the car caused me concern about leaving my rental with someone as unfriendly as him. He did not offer a greeting and did not prepare me with any instructions on how to go about leaving the car and retaining the valet stub until I asked - hey, some of us NEVER valet our regular cars...perhaps this is the reason why. Anyway, upon retrieving the car, Unfriendly Valet Guy #2 takes the valet stub and walks away without saying anything. My Mother and I proceeded outside with our 2 suitcases and 2 carry-ons and after standing in the driveway for a bit, another valet guy (the only one who smiled) tells us that if we are waiting for our car, we should be standing across the way in a separate area. I told him, "Thanks for telling us!" I was most disgusted with Unfriendly Valet Guy #2 who drove the car to us and who I tipped $5 prematurely. (Blame it on sleep deprivation and my overly-generous Mother). Yup, #2 eagerly accepted the tip and then, just stood there holding the driver's door open while watching me and my 77 year old Mother struggle to put the baggage into the trunk. Personally, I was not intending to tip at all, because the hotel forced its guests to valet and The D charges a $20 daily resort fee. Thanks for teaching me to hold on to the tip until the very end next time!
3	This felt similar to our stay at the Flamingo - they've remodeled the hotel so it looks nice, but there were still some really basic problems. My bf said "You can put lipstick on a pig...."The bathroom is clean, but clearly never renovated. The sink is really weird and ours happened to be completely stopped up. Our toilet was also running all night long, so we had to have maintenance come fix everything.I think it's absurd to make guests pay for Wi-Fi, but even worse when it barely works! We were at a trade show all day long and came back to a mountain of work that took 10x longer to accomplish purely because the internet was spotty at best. The kicker is when you pay for internet, it only works on ONE device. You have to pay per device! That is highway robbery. Eventually management worked with us to sort out all our issues and even refunded us, so I was thankful for that.Although it was nice to be downtown and experience Fremont Street, I can't recommend it if you have business on the strip. Getting to the convention center in the mornings was a nightmare.
3	Dark, with low ceilings, the D Casino is an OK place.  We came here to play the quarter horse racing game on the second floor.  It's cheap and fun.  Other than that it is similar to most casinos downtown.
2	I don't recall this hotel being as loud as it was the first time I stayed here. It was Fitzgerald's Holiday Inn back in the mid nineties and the boulevard was quieter back then. There's no way anyone can sleep at the D Hotel without the help of meds!Even though my room was on the 14th floor, the retro design with its popcorn walls, dark colors and bland furniture, it felt like a dungeon (though I've never stayed in one).The casino and outside bar featuring some of the best  bartenders are worth visiting. The 2nd floor features the old slot machines and a horse race track which can only be described as something I've never seen before but it reminds me of a carni horse race game with the water guns even though it's nothing like that. You'll just have to see it for yourself if you're into vintage gaming.We ate at the D Grill on our first day of arrival. The food is OK. The front desk gave us an expired coupon with our guest room keys so that proved useless.This is the last time I choose to reserve a sleeping room in the downtown area. I want to play hard and be able to recoup, recover and do it all over. It's not possible when my sleep is disrupted.The bands don't stop performing, the new construction for Slotzilla begins at 11PM.... it's Halloween every night on Fremont Street. Sin city has turned into crazy town; at least in this part of Vegas. I'm a glutton for punishment. I appreciate that there are 2 faces of this city. There's no chance in hell any visit will be alike!
3	The former Fitzgerald's casino, the new owner renovated it to look like an old school Vegas joint.  Complete with a section of a machines on the 2nd floor that operate on coins, they did a pretty good job with the design of the place.  One of the signature features is a giant bar down on the first floor just inside the entrance...pretty cool place to hang out and grab a drink.The casino's first floor has a lot of energy and attracts a younger age demographic than most of the other casinos on Fremont St.  It feels like a house party.  It's 100x better than the old Fitzgerald's, kudos to the owners for taking a chance and renovating it!Return Factor - 75%
4	Apparently it's all about the D on Fremont street. It's a swanky joint with some very high end games, complete with a smoking platform just outside their 2nd story over looking the Fremont experience.   Their restrooms (The reason I went inside) were spic and span, and quite well appointed.In the main room, the poker games have dance tables between them, and on each platform is a scantily clad girl in a bra and panty set. As I walked through, the music queued up, something by Rhianna, and the girls all began to do a dance number. Granted, it wasn't a hard number, and they weren't all in synch, but it wasn't terrible and they provided some necessary distraction, I'm certain. It's a nice looking place, I'll come back to play when I'm back down at the FSE.
3	Yes it's one of the more updated downtown casinos but I wasn't feeling it. All of the workers I encountered were very friendly and helpful. The casino is small. Hate the parking here,will never ever park here again, it's a head on accident waiting to happen.  Luckily I broke even that night and had a few good drinks. I won't go back by choice.
5	This us a great hotel, it's an old building that has been renovated to the max. Great rooms, great casino and if course right on Fremont Street.
4	It's as good a place as any to stay downtown.  If you haven't visited downtown, it's certainly worth the trip.  People watching's much more 'interesting' & varied. The overhead screen's entertaining, and downtown has low limit (training wheel) tables.We were in 1007 & heard that the even numbers listen to the band right outside the window.  Could be a problem if you're going to vegas to sleep.
2	I checked in at The D hours ago and I am already compelled to leave a review.  While I am impressed at the upgrades for the rooms, the resort fee and the "benefits" you receive are appalling.In fairness, I did book the room for under $20/night, but the $20+tax resort fee they collect is one of the highest in town.  I've stayed at a ton of hotels and it seems around $12.95 is the norm.  At most hotels, this includes wifi, fitness center access, in-room coffee, local calls, and sometimes a couple of bottles of water.  I think at Circus Circus they gave me daily coupons for a coffee at their coffee bar.At the D, you get their lowest tear of wifi service, which seems to be a reasonable speed.  There is no fitness center.  They have Keurigs in the room, but they charge an outrageous $2.50 to use a capsule.  These are capsules you can buy retail for around $0.33 each, and I guarantee you The D is not paying retail for this.  It really feels like a money grab, and it is just disgusting to have one of the highest resort fees in town with the lowest amount of benefits.Front desk staff agreed with me on everything I mentioned above but put blame on the CEO, Derek Stevens, who will drive out a regular clientele if nickel and dime-ing locals is their goal.  I was much happier at the El Cortez.My non-smoking room also smells like smoke, and I had to park on the 7th floor even though there were floors and floors of empty parking because they reserved the first 6 floors for valet.Was going to gamble at the bar to have a scotch but was told they couldn't comp any single malts, and the only blended scotch they could comp was Dewars.  More proof this place has cheap owners.
2	Bleh...they "remodeled" it, but if you put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig.  The place felt old, the water pressure sucked, the TV was smaller than the TV I have on my patio, and the "upgraded corner king" room was smaller than the standard rooms at the Golden Nugget.  Stay somewhere else, unless you have lower expectations of what a hotel should be.
4	The D is a great modern remodel of an old downtown hotel (Fitzgerald). NOTE:  The lucky Blarney Stone is still upstairs for the rubbing (or kissing if you dare). The Long D Bar downstairs is modern with some more than domestic drafts and plenty of flat panel TVs to watch the games. The remodel was money well spent to keep some modern comforts to a mostly dated Fremont street experience.  Be sure to check out the vintage slots upstairs that still take coins and give you the winnings in coins that you can place in an old timey plastic cup. They even have that old horse race game where the metal horses race around a track under a glass dome while you and a bunch of strangers sit in the round and bet on the odds with coins.   There is a cool patio access off the second floor bar that gives you a nice view of Fremont Street below.
5	This review is for the show: "Laughternoon with Adam London"The seating is first come, first served so get there early.  The showroom is shared by all the shows at the D - Murder/mystery dinner, Raack and Roll and another I can't think of at the moment.  The seats are laid out with 8 to a table but it's not really cramped.  A bar area is readily accessible.  While the show isn't exactly the most high tech production, and the jokes can be a little cheesy, the magic was really good.  The jokes got better the more the audience interacted and while kids were present, a lot of the more "adult" jokes went over their heads.  I went to the show not expecting much.  But by the end, I was having a great time and thoroughly entertained.  I will definitely go back and invite more friends.
2	Don't let the smooth name fool ya,,, the hotel was cheesy.   They took out the mini frig  and the heater was so loud I could not hear the TV. No extra blanket in the room , not unless its free, I will not be returning
1	Don't stay here. I asked for the Casino manager to help resolve an issue and he treated me horrible and made me feel unwanted. Never had such terrible customer service. Worst hotel ever. Don't waste your money.
4	I just stayed three nights at the D hotel in Las Vegas, The staff was excellent. Every need or concern I had was taken care of for me. The room was comfortable and the bed excellent. What I was impressed with the most was the speed of the elevators. The only negative is the room to room noise level. You can at times actually hear conversations from other rooms. I think it comes from the windows that do not appear to have good sealing between rooms along the window side. For the money in downtown Vegas I would highly recommend staying at the D.
4	I stayed here over new years eve and no complaints. Lots of haters on Yelp. You get what you pay for. I  paid an average to low price to stay here and had a blast. If a hater needs luxury, then take your azz to the strip and pay for it. I was here to party, skanky go go girls and all. Now the hotties dancing on the outside bars, thats another story. Food good, people good, not a bad place for DOWNTOWN vegas.
3	Service 4 starsCasino 4 starsStaff 4 starsRooms 3 starsLocation 3 starsResort fee 22.60Room Bottled Water$4.50/Cup Coffee $2.50 If I knew more about Vegas, it was not CES (largest US convention) time of year, I had significant money to blow and I was not somewhat "street-smart" I probably would not have stayed here. But be all that as it may; I am easy to please and adventuresome and safe when travelling so I made the best of my experience here.First off, let me say that if you plan to enjoy "The Strip" a great deal then this will NOT be the place for you.  Transportation back and forth gets very expensive and taking the shuttle's or city buses can be a little annoying and/or seedy.  I myself enjoy places with an earthy vibe and all walks of life (within reason).  So as I was only staying a few days/nights it worked out mostly and if I wanted to primarily enjoy this little (Poor Man's Vegas) area again I would come back just to get away from some of the showy, superficial, slick activity/folks in Vegas.  What I see here is that they're trying to do major revitalization to this area and I feel like in about 5 to 7 years it will be aces!!!  Already there are some amazing amenities, features, eateries and development . The owner of the d is a visionary who sees the diamond in the rough and is spot on in leading the way to the redevelopment here in downtown. Hotel has been fabulously modernized and was a decent stay for the most part. It is clean warm and perfectly located near so much tht you can truly get all you need either within the hotel or very close by. Beds are soooo comfy; staff are talented, efficient and quite helpful - honestly I feel as though they are top notch as far as customer service and that is a huge plus! Casino is also nice; I am not a huge gambler but I won a little more here than anywhere else - just on the slots. Only potential downsides are the ease of hearing noise fr other rooms and Fremont music experience as well as the fact that if the strip will be a daily destination for you this might be too far.
3	This review is for the casino and bar only.Cute vintage slots.  Good cocktail service at the table games.  Fun plastic horse racing game.  Slots that take quarters and that give tokens. If you like slots and coin buckets, this is not bad.  They have some newer slots too.  More vintage games would be cool.  Decent downtown location.
4	What can I say... The D is awesome. If you are looking for a high energy casino, this is it. Walking in this place is like getting a shot of adrenalin infused red bull injected directly into your heart. The Longbar was hopping even on a Sunday night and the dancing dealers were getting their groove on. The pop dance music sets the party atmosphere. Table games offer reasonable limits (mostly $10 for blackjack and $5 for craps).Location is great... Right at the end of the Fremont canopy near Neonopolis and the Fremont east bar scene. Check it out.
1	This is gonna be a very short review. I guess the point of my reviews is to alert like- minded people about my experiences at places. Just in case people share my views, I like to make them aware of what they might experience if they patronize a place I've been to. I Iike to spend money at places I enjoy, and avoid spending money at places I don't. That being said, we went to the D bar near the Fremont st. door. The bartender was very rude to my boyfriend. Then the bartender carded me (36) for a club soda. When I refused to show my Id, he refused to give me my fizzy water. If you hate obnoxious stuff like that- go elsewhere. Together we can put places like this out of business!
4	Very nice remodel.  Other than a red wall, the rooms are as nice as, well, a Holiday Inn nice.  But for the price I paid, $23 (+ $22 resort fee), it's well worth it.  Noise from Fremont street effected my 16th floor room.  Yikes.  If booked on a Friday or Saturday night, this might very well be a bother.The Long Bar (yeah, that's what it's called), is the focal point and is quite impressive.  Literally, a long ass bar with TV's all along the way, and multiple bartenders doing there thing.  Outside, it's directly on the fabulously touristy Fremont Street.  There is an outside bar, maybe as long as the one inside.  It has a regular bar, and it's upscale.  To the right, 50 flavors of daquiri's hosted by a sexy mistress type.  I had banana, and it knocked my socks off.During the day, 55+ year old cocktail waitresses.  Not hip.  Not cool.  But as the day turns into night, they get younger and the hotness turns from lukewarm to nearly hot.  Multiple go-go dancers, up to 6, are in the table area, and well, are quite steamy.  The casino is small and very smokey.  The clientele has cigarettes butts growing out of their butts.  In no time, the newness of the casino will smell of stench.Upstairs it has a combo of less-busy slots, a very small sports lounge, a grill, and the fabulous Joe Vicari's Andiamo Italian Steakhouse (http://www.yelp.com/biz/joe-vicaris-andiamo-italian-steakhouse-las-vegas#hrid:9O48n2_fS5nI4_fqBgSPbQ).The clientele is different downtown.  Skews older, smokers,and tourists with a lower budget.  Again, for the price...it is great.  I booked to stay here again in a couple of weeks.
2	This was my first time staying in the downtown Fremont Street area of las vegas and i have to say that it may just be my last haha. i only paid $44 a night with a group rate but when you tack on the $20 resort fee, the deal doesnt seem as good for what you actually get haha. First, the D couldn't accommodate my request for a king bed, but they assured me a 'quiet room' on the 32nd floor. even that high up though we could hear all the noise and commotion from Fremont Street. luckily we were out late so it didnt interfere with our sleep...but the walls are so thin that we could hear housekeeping vacuuming the room next door bright and early, could hear the tv blasting from our neighbors and even their coughing/sneezing and toilet flushes. not cool haha. The D is essentially a motel trying to be a fancy hotel but it just doesnt work. everything still looks old - our room didnt even have central a/c haha and the elevators are super slow. i was almost tempted to go up/down 32 flights of stairs b/c it took so long...only bright spot is the location of the hotel where you have lots of cool bars/restaurants and other casinos within a block radius. also blackjack tables are $5 and the dealers are really nice...but other than that, i'll take my nice 4-star hotel on the strip any day haha
5	My girlfriend and I had a great time at the D. We stayed for four nights and it was great the rooms were very nice and the staff was very friendly going out of there way to help us. The D is close to plenty of entertainment and Andiamo's Italian Steak House is a great place to eat. Also The D is close to plenty of bars and the Fremont Experience was the best not as crowded as the strip but just as much fun if not more. Would recommend this place to any one.
4	It's an older casino remodeled and refreshed that's the bottom line here... Decent selection of slots.. famous Long Bar that is well long lol.. free slot play on new member sign up's which I didn't win on but hey it's free and show's there type of interest in getting new card members in the place.. Upstairs they have a coin slot area with the famous Sigma Derby! If anything Sigma Derby in the casino raises the stakes cause it's such a cool fun and rare game to enjoy.. The D is a hip casino on Fremont street that add's some flare to the ever changing downtown.
5	Great hotel! Well updated, location is awesome, right on Fremont so you are a few steps from everything that's going on downtown Vegas. Great price too. Highly recommend it to anyone who is going to Vegas to have a good time!
1	I was not given water when asked because I was not staying at this hotel. THIS IS RIDICULOUS!! I came into the hotel with my first drink of the day and  gambled for about three hours with my boyfriend. When I went to the bar to ask for water they asked if i was staying there. With a puzzled look on my face I said no because my thought was, what does that have to do with the water, the bartender said they have a policy that they cannot give away water. I told him I had been gambling for three hours and I still can't get a water?? He shrugged his shoulders and said sorry I can't help you the walked away. This made me feel terrible for even wanting to gamble and enjoy my time here. I left furious!!
5	Best casino in the Downtown/Fremont Street. Better ventilation and cleaner/happier feeling than the other old casinos in that area. And, feels like the Detroit area casinos on the inside - seems like they have the same slot machines. Super glad they have American Coney Island :)
4	Stayed here for two nights a couple weeks ago.Booked a Premium Corner King room...it was $80 on Saturday and $50 on Sunday. Pretty cheap but they do come cheaper! I got a room on the 17th floor. My room was in a separate section of the floor that was secured, which was nice (that wing had what they considered "junior" suites, even though I think they might have had some full suites there too). It had an awesome view of Downtown and the Valley which was cool - even better at night. Bath and Body Works toiletries, a double shower, nice low-rider toilet, VERY comfortable bed. Used the valet a bunch...they were pretty quick and professional. Good guys. Check-in at the front desk was quick and painless. Easy access to Fremont Street and cheap gambling.The only thing that sucks about the place - and it's sister property the Golden Gate (another hotel that I enjoy) is the whole RESORT fee business. The whole reason I like to stay in Downtown Vegas is to avoid those...but it seems like resort fees are trickling up from The Strip slowly but surely...
2	With a name like The D, the jokes just write themselves, don't they? I'm actually kind of bummed that no one in their marketing department has run with that, considering they have no qualms about calling their main bar "The Long D"... which is fairly self-explanatory.That being said, this place is pure chaos. You have to wind your way through 6 floors of reserved valet parking to find a spot, and corners are blind without any mirrors, and lanes are narrow. Additionally, if the garage is completely full there is no signage nor any employees posted to prevent new cars from entering- I experienced this unique brand of frustration during a visit over the summer.This garage should have been added onto during the reno, as each floor is small and probably maxes out at 50 spaces. For the parking situation alone, I would not stay here.Once you finally make it in the casino (an assumption, perhaps), I will say that it isn't as smoky as I expected from all of the other reviews here- then again, all of the doors are open to the Fremont Experience and there was a good breeze going.As I navigated my way to the showroom, employees were few and far between, and those I could find were fairly clueless and most were just standing around- one in particular was wandering the floor with a broom and dustpan in tow and was literally walking slower than a woman with a walker, and kept getting bumped into by patrons who were simply trying to get around the two of them and on their merry way.On the bright side, the showroom is upstairs and away from most of the hustle and bustle- but they're not particularly organized, either. I was able to pick up my tickets immediately and was spared the line, but I was late (due to the garage situation) and arrived just as it was supposed to start- and yet, the line was wound around the entire floor to accommodate the huge line because no one had yet been allowed into the showroom. After the alleged start time.On the bright side, as I left, I was not charged for parking despite a giant sign in self-park saying it was $2/hour. I also consider it a positive that the garage exit is run entirely by a single computerized gate rather than a person in a booth. I prefer technology to the quality of casino employee found in such positions. But I'm sure tech issues happen and the exit gets backed up sometimes, but today, thankfully, it was working.
2	I got a comp and decided to try this place.   When I called to make reservation, I asked if there was a resort fee and was told no.  When I checked in, I tried to confirm this and was told I wouldn't be charged one.   I replied "great, so it's waived!".   Check in person says "no, you're not being charged".  So whats the diff?   Basically no fee wifi.   Yes, you read that right ... I would have to pay $10 for wifi.   On principal, thats total BS.   In 2014, thats the same as charging per square of toilet paper.   FFF the D.Here's an idea .. charge ONE price that covers all basics.  And if you comp someone, make sure basics like running water and wifi are included.The casino is also a smokey ass dump with horrible "club" music at too high of volume.When companies pull this crap and try to screw customers, I reply in kind.   I barely played there even though I was given 3 comped nights.     I spent 90+% of my downtown gaming at Downtown Grand.Room was clean even if interior was dated.   2 stars is being generous ... not awful enough for one.
2	Pros and Cons of D hotel -  I give it .....a D. ProsCheapGood central location for downtownsemi modernized compared to other Fremont hotelsCons:bathroom has no vent - poopoo smell stays foreverno coffee or coffee makerancient parking very narrow - hard to park for larger carsWindows facing Fremont street are super loud with noise until early morningEven elevated views from windows are semi blocked by terrible net-like cover -either for sun blocking crude way or for some advertisingsmall elevators are almost always full and make scary noises
4	Brilliant name.No, no, it's called that because the guy who owns it is from Detroit(nudge, nudge, wink, wink).The Detroit casino experience in Las Vegas - saves you from having to travel to Detroit for your gambling fixThey have a wonderful coney island in the casio.
3	This review is for the hotel only. I give it 3 stars only because they turned off the water from 12-5am for maintenance and the room was on the 3rd floor and all you could hear was thumping music from 8pm on. Clean, modern rooms with a cute red.  Plenty of towels and they have Bath and Body toiletries which are nice. The smoking room has ample ashtrays and matches. The elevators for the hotel is conveniently located across from the elevators for the parking garage.
4	Picked up a suite last minute for a birthday and it didn't disappoint, the corner suit is super retro and different (to say the least). The only problems i had weren't the Hotel's fault, more or less the madness on the Fremont that pushed me to give this a 4-star, but besides that what can you say? You get what you pay for, i recommend staying in the hotel, the rest i can't really comment on...
5	To say the least, I'm impressed with The D Las Vegas.  I've been coming to Vegas two or three times each year since 2008, and have always opted to stay on the strip.  However, when hearing about the renovations going on at The D, my friends and I figured we'd give staying downtown a shot.CHECK-INThe check-in process went off without a hitch.  Granted our flight landed at 8:30am local time and we had to check our bags in since our room wasn't ready, the front desk called my on my cell phone when the room was ready (approx. 2:30) so we could come officially check-in.ROOMOverall the room was nice.  It's about the size of your standard hotel room, two queen beds, a desk, chair, one person sofa (not a recliner) type of seat, a little front area with an ironing board, and a nice bathroom.  I also like the colors of the refurbished rooms.  The reds, blacks and greys stuck out at me for some reason and I liked them. CASINOThe casino was my favorite part of my experience at The D.  Even if you do not stay here (or downtown for that fact), you should really stop in and check it out if you're at the Fremont Street Experience.  Almost all the time you can expect to find lower table limits ($5), as well as some higher table limits ($25+) in their high limit lounge.  I also personally loved the energy within the casino between the dancers and the music.  You also need to venture up to the casino on the second floor of The D, titled 'Vintage Vegas'.  They have slot machines that pay out in actual coins (US Currency) and they have a rare but working Sigma Derby machine which is a blast to play!AMENITIESThe pool is nothing to brag about, just a square pool with a few chairs and sunbathing beds.  The restaurants at The D are good, and I enjoyed going to The D Grill every morning for breakfast.  If it's in your budget, be sure to try the Andiamo Steakhouse, it may not compare to some steakhouses on the strip, but it's still top notch.
1	This review is based on my overall customer service experience with employees at "The D."  I called to have a bottle of champagne delivered to a group of my girlfriends, who were in Vegas for a few days while I studied.  I wanted to do something nice for them to show them that I was there in spirit(s). Haha!  Anyway, I called and spoke with the operator, who said that she didn't know whom I should speak with to order the bottle, so she transferred me to the front desk.  The front desk told me 'we don't have amenities" and acted like I was crazy for wanting to order a bottle of champagne to be sent to a room....  Um, I just looked at the website, which shows people partying it up, and touts the fun that Bachelor and Bachelorette parties can have at The D.  What party isn't complete without people being able to send you champagne, right?  Anyway, so she asked around and then told me I would need to speak with the concierge, who might be able to find a local florist to deliver a flower arrangement for me.  Yeah....because alcohol and flowers are the same, right?  Not in my universe.  Anyway, so I got bumped over to the Concierge, who also seemed annoyed at my request.  Having worked in the hotel business myself, I was surprised at the lack of support or innovative ideas/solutions presented by the concierge at The D.  I tried to help her brainstorm by asking her if I could buy a bottle at a bar or restaurant and send up a note or something, but my ideas were dismissed in a huff.  She put me on hold, then told me she was transferring me back to the operator and that I am to tell the operator to transfer me to "Food and Beverage."  Nice....so the concierge doesn't have a phone list?  Or doesn't know how to warm transfer a call?  So I get popped back to the operator and tell her the concierge's request (literally, a game of telephone), and the operator tells me that there is no Food and Beverage department.  Ha!  She tells me that there is a "Food Department" and a "Beverage Department," of which I chose to be transferred to the latter.  After being transferred, I spoke with someone in the Beverage Department, who did not know how to process my request, so he found a co-worker named Anthony, who was happy to help me (at last).  He took down my information and I asked that the bottle be delivered between 5:00-6:00 p.m. to coincide with my friends' arrival time.  In the morning, I got a text from my friend, asking if I had sent them champagne?  Apparently, it was delivered at 2:00 a.m., and when they told the man that they didn't order it, he shrugged his shoulders and walked out, and they were very confused because there was no information on the order and they thought there had been a mix-up.  So, long story short, their customer service has a lot to brush up on, and I hope that they do since all good hotels and casinos should know how to "keep the champagne flowing."
2	It's an old place that's been polished new IMHO. It's noisy, smokey..came home with bronchitis and the flu.. Not my fave on Fremont. I probably would never stay the night here but not  bad to pop in and grab drinks.
2	Where do I even start?Resort fees. They are on the high side for Vegas ($20/night) and not a lot to show for it. According to vegaschatter.com it covers WiFi, $10 off the D showroom tickets, and local and toll free calls. I also got a $5 coupon for The D Grill, but as the food there wasn't that good, I'd call the coupon a wash.Not worth it, to be honest.Then, I booked a king, and was given two queens. When I argued that, I was told that being I booked through hotels.com my room preference could not be guaranteed. That's bullshit, as the hotel was nowhere close to being at capacity, and she offered to UPGRADE me to a king which means they were available. I had that happen to me only once before when I had booked through hotels.com, but it was at a MUCH shadier hotel, and I'm surprised they pulled that shit in Vegas. But whatever, I was willing to let that go, not the end of the world.The casino itself is pretty standard, and pretty boring. Nothing to write home about, and other than the dancing girls, nothing that really catches the eye. Pretty bland.The hotels rooms are okay. My room wasn't completely clean, but it wasn't filthy (lipstick smudge on the mirror, and some greasy spots on one of my headboards). Though what hotel these days doesn't come standard with a mini-fridge?The beds aren't the comfiest I've ever slept on, but not the worst. Not what I'm used to with Vegas hotels though. Pillows were fairly comfortable.The worst, the WORST thing was the noise. The walls are paper thin. You can hear everything. The guy in the room next to me had a bit of a cough. I could hear when someone in the other room sneezed. Want to know what your neighbor is watching on their (tiny) TV? No problem, because you can hear it clearly at normal volume.I was woken up in the middle of the night because one of my neighbors was rather, um, enthusiastic about their bedroom activities.And if the noise from your neighbors isn't enough to keep you up at night, the knocking noise your sink makes whenever they used water will.It probably has one of the worse parking lots I've used in Las Vegas. The lanes between floors are steep and narrow, the turns are tight, and guest parking doesn't START until the 7th floor. No pedestrian walk-ways either, so unless you're parked near the elevators you're taking your life into your own hands walking through the (very very narrow) parking lot.I will never, ever stay here again. The only reason it gets two stars is because it was clean enough, and the beds were tolerable.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, and will go one step further to recommend you stay at another hotel.
4	Great for the price. It's easy to get downstairs and get food any time at all.
1	OMG. ...where do I start?  OK we usually stay at the Golden Nugget whenever we come to Vegas but The D was recommended by some friends and we also liked the vibe of the casino, young, hip and vibrant.  So upon check in we waited for the bell hop for 20 mins we finally gave up and lugged all our luggage and ice chest in ourselves.   Then waited in line for another 30 mins to check in because they only had 1 person working at the desk..ON A FRIDAY....  Then we finally get to our room and were blown away at how utterly tiny the room was, we booked a corner suite but got a freakin broom closet.   The room was not the same room as pictured on the website.   So the hubby went downstairs to speak to a manager about our complaints but it took her a half hour to get to him cuz she was on a phone call.  She was very unprofessional and said that we got a good deal and we should enjoy ourselves in Vegas.  The couch had stains all over it and the shower head was barely hanging on by a thread.   Bathroom tile was filthy.  We would NEVER recommend this dump 2 any of our ppl.
3	Great spot on Fremont. New, Good Bars, Food is above avg. Its Fremont, so that's good!
4	Honestly I swore I would never go into the old Fitz again...but after reading some reviews I decided to give them another chance and what a good idea that was!! I will start with the PROS,,I was so excited I forgot to take pics but there are plenty on here.They have taken the bold Red and black "Vintage Vegas" theme ..and painted this old girl up and she is a beauty!! Now I am not going to pretend shes perfect but the "Premium" room we booked was clean, and comfortable. We had a corner room so the views were all around. we were on the 14th floor and above the stage area and THAT was a problem. I know to ask for the other side of the hotel from now on. We had a Jacuzzi tub...and a nice large bath room.Again, the linens, new paint and flat screened TV...made her barely recognizable from that last time we stayed there.Down stairs was beautiful! The Long Bar was nice...great service and Flair bartenders outside were awesome too. They had "dancing dealer girls" ...ehh...they were "OK"...but at least it created attention and it was fun. (HEY where are the dancing GUYS??..LOL)The D Grille was part of the makeover and served up delicious breakfasts (Which is the only meals we ate there) Service was excellent. There is a Coney Hot Dog stand downstairs that is awesome too! of course McDonalds is right on site.Everything is clean and new and most of the great slots I love were still there. Not NEARLY smokey as the old Fitz...AND it has a younger vibe all around.The greatest rehab of all was the great attitude of all employees I ran into!!Now the CONS: I already mentioned the noise level from the 14th floor was bad while the band performed....I could barely hear the TV..lolNEXT I paid extra to get a room with a refrigerator which NEVER cooled one thing...that was bad but ...I didn't complain...I should Have.. But it was a good experience!Don't get me wrong its a budget hotel so you are not getting the Wynne but you get a great deal and a great location!I never figured out what the RESORT FEE paid for.It is conveniently located to the Deuce  and Walgreens (Ahhh a familiar face) is just steps away.also...The Freemont Experience is right outside the door.
2	smoky and old inside...not really a fan
2	I wasn't impressed.  Casino is dirty and still has that run down feeling.  I wanted to like it being from the "real" D, but I'm just not a fan.  The Coney Island was OVERPRICED and so so.
1	This place has terrible customer service.  There is only one manager on duty at the front desk.  If u have any problems here they wont be resolved.
5	Have been here a couple of times and each time I order something new each time. Never been disappointed at this point. If you are in the mood for a fruity salad order the strawberry chicken salad. It's big enough for you to even split it with a friend. The nachos are fantastic and just enought to split between three people and still have room for your lunch or dinner.
3	This is my second time in Vegas and my first time on Fremont. I booked through southwest vacations and honestly wasn't expecting much due to the cheap price. im in a standard smoking room with A king bed. the rooms are very dull but clean. however when housekeeping comes they don't do anything except make the bed. tv is small but it works (only gets about 10 channels). the WiFi works good. the beds are not comfortable but the pillows are okay. the absolute worst thing about this place is the elevator wait times. that may sound snoody or whatever but when you're waiting 10 minutes (timed) for an elevator either which way it's just absolutely ridiculous. Also- this isn't the hotel for you if you're looking to get a great nights sleep because not only are the walls thin but the windows face Fremont and all the festivities. Plan on taking an hour long shower. Once you set the water at temperature preference, it most definitely won't stay that way. It will turn scortching hot every minute or so. It's smart to not stand in the direct line of water, it's that bad.
2	The d's two stars because the valets are awesome! They are the only people in the hotel that has excellent customer service!! I book two rooms when I got there @ 3:00p one of the rooms was ready the other would not be ready till later on. Fine I got the first room there was dirty underwear in the bath tub, I thought the maids clean up guess not. As I was telling the person @ the front desk that I needed to speak to housekeeping manager my husband opened the dresser drawer and found a magazine with a white powdery substance on it. Horrified to say the least. The manager came and just gave us a fridge, big deal. I asked them to clean the bathroom again they never did. These rooms are dirty and they have a horrible odor.. I will never stay @ this dump again..To bad I love down town... But this place sucks... Thanks again to the valet!! You guys rock!!!
5	My money lasted the longest here.  I played poker for about 3 hours straight.  The staff is AMAZING, everyone is super friendly, good moods all around!  Great music and girls wearing next to nothing dancing on tables!!!! Super fun place!
5	Staff was friendly and knowledgeable, the rooms were spotless, the location was great, and the price was perfect. BTW - this was the ONLY casino we won a little at. I loved it so much - I'll be back for sure. BTW I love the old slot machines and video games from say, 10 years ago or older. I hate the new 1 cent video machines that (when you play max credits) are actually $175-$3 a pop. Ridiculous. If you like the older type of machines be sure to to check out their VINTAGE VEGAS 2nd floor!
1	I'd have to say that the upgrades they have made here were only minor. The casino level was nice, young hip feeling which is nice but if you stayed in a room here you could have been very disappointed. The rooms were old. Not many upgrades in here. No central air so you hear a loud window air co running all night. Which helped cover up the loud stage they have right outside the hotel. The ceilings still had the popcorn ceilings. And the shower was gross! It was cleaned very well it still had the residue of a bar of soap from previous guest.  Not to mention this hotel has the cheapest price which is good however they have the highest resort fee down town! This hotel is really a joke. Don't even want to talk about the pool!!!!! It's right in the front on the corner. It just really makes you feel like your at a motel 6!Needless to say I wouldn't stay here again....
3	Stayed on 33rd floor. Very windy and view wasnt that great. $10 black jack was good though. Parking is bad. You have to park 7th floor or above unless you are using valet since 2nd to 6th floor parking lots are reserved for valet only.
1	I will never be back here, very rude staff at checkin, valet, and service. This is an old crappy motel that has a new coat of paint and a new name.  Awful!
1	Just wanted to write a little review since I've worked hotels and bars for a very long time. Upon waking up this morning, there was like brown mud in the sink. Upon calling the front desk, the girl said I must have put something down the sink. They sent maintenance in who was snaking the drains, remind you this is as I had just woke up. Asked to be moved to a different room, the girl stated "it's too late for that, we had paid for another room  for a relative that flew in from out of town and the girl said go use that shower. Sure we will go inconvenience them as they get ready for the day too. Then she said " you're a local go home". Really??? That's how you want to run your business?? Little to her knowledge, my girlfriend works for a federal agency and makes reservations for the big wigs who come into town. Guess where they will never be referred to?!? She offered no discount or anything to accommodate for the major inconvenience. The plan was to stay down on Fremont for the day but by the lack of customer service she had the day was cut short. So I guess long story short if you are a local they don't care about your business. I'll post the pictures later. They'll also be on yelp and on the site where we made the reservation.
4	I got a great deal for $11 a night so it was a no brainer, especially after seeing the cool remodeled outside before, and reading some reviews. Have to say I was quite pleased!! Rooms were nice and clean, bed was comfy. Dining options are slim being that there is a really high end (expensive) Italian steakhouse, then there is the D grille, which is very affordable with average food, then a McDonald's and a hot dog joint.....but we didn't mind being that it's Fremont st with plenty other options within walking distance. We didn't gamble much (pennies only) so I can't speak on that much. But casino is layed nice with all gaming options. Check in and out was a breeze, customer service was great. The long bar is cool, especially if you love your sports. Best of it all is that it is smack dab on Fremont st...where all the action is. There is a stage right outside the front entrance with nightly cover bands, which are darn good! Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the pool is nothing special, Its on the back side where all the buses, and cars pull in, and I felt like I was at the pool at my apartments. They should really try and remodel it or at least buy some nice patio furniture. But other then that for $22 for two nights(Mon. & tues.) + $40 resort fee, you can't beat it!!
4	Big fan of this hotel. Ive stayed here once. Cool casino & it has Coney Island Hot Dogs! Must have.
4	really comfy beds, really clean and nice rooms. the only problem is the long time u wait to get an elevator down sometimes took forever. but it was close to everything I wanted to get to and all around a good time.
3	Girl casino dealers can wear bikini tops....enough said. Our dealer was in training and even though we are 33 and 35 we were carded. That's fine I guess but the atmosphere is different and we lost money so not my favorite spot.
4	Visiting for the weekend for daughters softball tournament. Found this hotel on Vegas.com. Paid $105 for Fri and Sat night then when we arrived paid additional resort fee of $22 night ( includes free WiFi) So total just under $150 which is not bad. But found this deal about 3 weeks in advance. As the date came closer to our travel date the prices increased. Staff was great, bellman were courteous and the valet service was awesome! On Sundays the elevators run slow especially at check out time. We stopped about 10 times because everyone is trying to check out by noon. WiFi did not work for me. Rooms were nice, nothing fancy, but clean. Beds were ok. Also the toiletries are from bath and body works which is a plus. We were so busy with the tournament we didn't have a chance to explore the hotel but from our room (30th floor) you could see Fremont Street and hear the live music. FYI not a place for kids. Just driving through to get to the hotel I saw a topless big breasted woman with pasties and a cowboy wearing a thong.. lol Also some homeless hanging around.Overall would stay again for a quick trip.
2	May as well find the stairs.  This place is a pit. Got drinks at the bar after waiting 45 minutes for the elevator to find BUGS in my drink. The bartender was "trying" to do the flair style bartending, but he failed miserably. They say this has been remodeled, perhaps the casino - which is very tight, but the rooms probably only got new curtains. You can hear everything on Fremont street til 4 am. When we checked in, under reservations made through the hotel - not a 3rd party! - we were told they had given all king beds away and couldn't give us any comp or drink coupon or anything by downgrading us to a queen. This won't be a reoccurring stop on our MANY vegas trips.
5	When talking Fremont St, the D Las Vegas is second to none for entertainment, food, fun and gambling.The staff is friendly and attentive and the great mix of working flair used by the bartenders, is a show in itself. If you haven't checked out the D yet, make sure to do it on your next Vegas Trip! P.S. The frequent celebrity sightings at the D can make for some truly one of a kind Vegas nights!
5	Stayed here in May. Very clean room and friendly staff. Price is pretty reasonable.I will definitely stay here again. Only draw back is the noise from the Fremont Experience at night,but it isn't too bad.
3	So was convinced by husband that staying in Vegas during our road trip to Hoover Dam was a good idea. And in some ways he was right. The D on Fremont Street was VERY affordable $15 per night plus the resort fee via Hotels.com. so a total of $37 per night meant we could get two rooms instead of sharing with the kids. The front desk even made sure we had adjoining rooms. The rooms were clean and reasonably updated. Except for the shower tub combo from the 70s which was probably one of the original spa tubs ever made. The nozzles were large and rusted looking. Since we were only showering it really did not matter but the price makes more sense with that tub situation. Beds were comfortable and we slept well. Breakfast in the hotel on the 2nd floor was OK.  Of course it is Vegas so you have to tolerate the smell of smoke everywhere. Coming from California it does take some time to get used to it. Interesting characters in the casino. Overall good value
5	My first time coming back here and it was a great experience. Had a lot of fun and the noise wasn't an issue. It was pretty awesome. Definitely will return again. The D Grill is also a good stop for good food and affordable prices. I also loved the rooms now compared to when it was the Fitz. They certainly upgraded a lot and added more than I had my last visit. This place will still remain one of my favorite hotels.
2	I was very looking forward to staying at the D hotel after all they have a pool. First of I want to say that everyone who isn't a manager is AWESOME they are polite, friendly, and genuinely seem happy to make sure you are having a good time. They got the Hotel my 2 stars!While we were there we attempted to use the WiFi but it asked me for my credit card, and then I looked at the little packet where I got my key cards and it said WiFi available  ask for rates. So I assumed I was mistaken about the free WiFi. Then apon check which I attempted on the TV it said I owed almost $70.00 Dollars in resort fees. No don't get me wrong I am very used to resort fees but I am used to them in better hotels and you actually get services for your money. I did call down to the "guest services" and they informed me that the resort fee covered Free Wifi (WTF), Free local calls (who doesn't have a cell phone?), and the coupons I got with my key card. Seriously $22.00/per day+tax for Wifi I couldn't get into, calls NOONE needs to make and coupons which I believe was bogo fora lame show, and something about Keno. (Who plays keno when you under 90?) When I called down to see what could be done I got a very snotting -well your checking out-- so why bother being nice to you now ? attitude. I finally called back and talked to someone else who was nice enough to remove one of the charges. I am still not very pleased. I don't mind when I have to pay for things but I expect something in return.  The casino is small and after about an hour I felt like I played everything. (A lot of repeating games) Also the D Club (the players club) and the gift store no where near the room elevators, neither are the bathrooms. It would be nice to walk out of the elevator and find such things right away, that way I could spend more money. I actually went across to the Fremont's gift shop to buy something because I couldn't find ours. The ELEVATORS are not for the faint of heart. They are a little small (which is okay) but add to that the fact that they shake and rattle as they go down. I want to gamble in Vegas just not with my life. We did stop in to the Coney Island Hot Dogs they were ok ... not great, not bad, just ok. Like getting hot dog at the mall, again staff there amazing. I couldn't find the other restaurant there. The Room was very nice and the maid was great. I would have preferred to have a table in there vs a desk. We had to eat sitting on our beds. The pool it is a salt pool which is great, it was warm enough for me to get in a plus, the Jacuzzi was nice, but there was a note in the room letting you know that towels are at the pool and that you shouldn't take them from the room. But when I got to the pool at noon on Friday, there was a rack for towels but no towels and there aren't any employee's right there, in fact you have to cross the driveway where you valet your car to get there (literally dodging cars. and man the pool needs at least a mini bar, and drink service. Also it closes at 7pm which is a bummer because I like to dip in the Jacuzzi after a night of gambling.  All in all it was okay but I think next year when I go I will be choosing a different Hotel and Will not be returning to the D.
4	The hubby and I just got back from Vegas.  We spent our last night at The D because he wanted me to experience downtown Las Vegas.  I have to admit that I was extremely skeptical going in, especially once we got off the highway.The front desk staff was friendly and the room was pretty inexpensive, although the resort fee of $22 was almost as much as our room.  That's a pretty steep resort fee for downtown.  I mean, we paid $28 the previous nights at Cosmopolitan, and these two hotels are like night and day.  The room was clean, although the tub was missing some of the porcelain and the shower would not stop dripping all night.  You can definitely hear the noise from the Fremont Street Experience from your room (we were on the 10th floor).  We just turned on the A/C though, and it drowned out the noise.The location is awesome if you want to experience the FSE, you step right outside and you're right there.  The 3rd street stage is literally right in front of you.We sat down in the casino to play some black jack and had a fun time.  They even let you order Grey Goose!  That definitely made me a happy camper.  Especially after drinking Stoli at a Harrah's property (Flamingo).The dining options are good as well.  We ate dinner at Joe Vicari's Andiamo Steakhouse and loved it (I'll write a separate review).  Got breakfast at D Grill, and they also have a McDonald's on the property too.  When we checked in they gave us a $5 coupon off a meal at D Grill, which made breakfast really inexpensive.Overall, I was impressed.  I definitely had a good experience downtown at The D.
1	This is one of the worse hotel I've ever stayed at in Las Vegas. Let me list the things that made mr give them a 1 star review: 1) Upon arrival and checking in, i was told that there will be an additional charge of $23 per night on top of what I have already pre paid when I booked this package online. 2) When I got to the room, the locks on the door that lead to the next room, was not lockable. I tried to push the door, turn the knob and lock it but it would not go through. I told them about it and they got their Engineers in to fix it for me. 3) The elevators are terruble. They have a total of 4 and they run so slow. I had to wait from 10 to 15 minutes for 1 of the 4 to open as soon as I hit the button. 4) Their TV only has 1 channel. The rest is just sbowing blurry background with a message stating no signal. 5) The room smells pretty bad. 6) The sink is clogged and the water doesn't drain fast enough. 7) Their WiFi access code doesnt work! 8) They don't have deadbolt lock on their door. They used the 70`s type chain instead.This is my first and last time at this hotel. I would rather paid that extra $200 to be at the hotels on the strip than to pay less with hidden charges that is equivalent to the price of the hotel on the strip. This hotel is in Downtown and I don't like this area where I don't feel safe.
4	My cousins and I decided to rent 3 rooms at this hotel & casino because it was the cheapest one at the freemont street experience. We stayed Saturday June 14-16. Saturday night $49 & Sunday night $22 so that was perfect AND then they hit us with a resort fee of $22.50 per night for wifi :/ . . .we asked to get the resort fee waived because we all have internet on our cell phones plus we were going to party and only be in the room to sleep. Unfortunately, they said they had to charge us. So with tax and resort fee it was $125ish for two nights and 3days. This fee was for standard rooms, meaning that its for the lower level rooms (floors 2-20). We all opted to get rooms at a higher floor so that was an additional $10 per night (plus 13% tax). We also opted for a late check out for  Monday at 3pm that was $16.95 with tax. So total we paid $165 per room.We got two rooms on floor 29 (double beds) & 1 room on the 31st floor (king bed). The bf and I got the room on the 31st floor and we had the "luxury" of getting a fridge (that never cooled our beer!!), a sofa bed, coffee table with two chairs, & a view (not great).Other reviewers have complained about the noise level at night, problems with the elevators, & the parking structure. My only complaint is about the parking. Valet parking right now is from level 1-7. But no one ever parked their cars there and driving up and down the parking structure up to the 10th floor was nauseating. . .FYI- emphasize that you are paying for a late check out so that you can sleep in and recuperate from the sleepless nights!!! House keeping knocked twice Monday morning!!!! SMH!!Overall, our stay was great and we would stay here again IF we were to stay in DTLV again & we were on a budget (I would rather stay at the strip though ;) ) . . .
4	The prime rib was special the night we had dinner at the D Grill and it was seasoned well, only downfall is I like my cut rare as possible. They even got a Hawaii menu, bonus!! Oxtail soup, loco moco and couple other stuff. Hotel is energetic with hip-hop music playing through the casino. The Long Bar is really a long bar lots of tv screens with every sport covered. Room are decent, will have to spoil myself next time with their suites..Awesome location if you're in Downtown LAS.
4	I got a deal on hotels.com & was curious how they renovated this spot. It's clean & gorgeous. The beds are so comfy & luxurious. How could i beat this for $25/night? I would definitely recommend this hotel!
3	Formerly the Fitzgerald inside wise not much changed layout was pretty much the same i rather hang at the other Casinos i was never a fan of Fitzgerald only that they had ice cream lol gambling wise i play elsewhere. Maybe the only thing would be watching the gogo dancers behind the gaming tables lol funny how this place and the Vegas Club does that what's more distracting gogo dancers shaking their booty while you're playing Black Jack haha advantage the casino haha.
3	No late night food!! Only McD... Need a late night breakfast to soak up alcohol! Great music while you play and drink! Good ambiance and dancers. Two levels of play. Oh the bartender does tricks while serving which is cool to watch!
3	Great hotel for the price of $35 when on a spur of the moment trip to Las Vegas.  Room was clean. Beds were comfortable and we slept well. They do charge for the in room coffee and water. The room did not have a refrigerator or lock box safe. The hotel does not have a buffet so plan on eating elsewhere if that is what you ate looking for. Table minimums trended towards the $10 range but other properties had $5 and lower. Drink service was poor and they only seemed to have one server.
2	I have been coming here for a couple years and they are gettin progressively worse instead of better. 1) They took the keurigs out of the room. DUMB. There is no in room coffee.2) quite possibly the dumbest thing I have ever seen for a Hotel casino is this, they have a kitchen, two restaurants, and NO ROOM SERVICE. WTF?!?!? However there are delivery services from local area restaurants. NACHO DADDY was  BADASSSSSSSS and totally recommended.3) The casino hosts are extremely hard to reach and Larry doesn't return calls or messages. If you need a host, ASK FOR DARREN. He's a Big black dude and he gets stuff done! If it wasn't for him I probably wouldn't return.
3	This is an old hotel in the middle of downtown Vegas. The rooms have been remodeled so the furniture is new and nice (as seen from the pictures) HOWEVER, they did NOT update the AC. The AC is an extremely old wall mounted unit that is EXTREMELY loud.Besides that, great place to stay on the cheap, just be prepared to pay an extra $22.50 resort fee per day.
2	So now i went and stayed it was ok the bar was reallu cool joe the bartrnder was not only cool but nice and welcoming now the valet staff is crap bad attudue even after you tip themI've read and heard good review about this place the customer service on the phone was HORRIBLE as I asked some questions about early check in because I am going to a wedding and asked if I can have 2 beds not only was she rude but hung up on me only reason I'm staying here is because it's cheap and last minute let's hope the place is as good as I've read and heard but the customer service was CRAP
4	Stayed here 4yrs ago when it was the Fitz. Huge difference & what an upgrade.. 4yrs ago the rooms were equivalent to a Motel 6 with a cheap casino connected. Not my cup of tea & therefore hadn't returned. Well the Mrs, my Boss / wife's gf decided to celebrate her husbands  B/D with a comp room  for themselves @ the new D.  So now my " Boss " wants Us to celebrate with them also. Problem!! We don't have a comp room & I'll be damn if I'm paying to stay @ the " D " in the same condition as the Old Fitz!! So between Yelp & any other travel forum I could get a review I did some research b4 I was gonna spend my money on an updated Fitz. Well what a SURPRISE. From arriving @ the Valet parking with no charge & very quick service. So leave a good tip. Parking is very tough n that area. To check-in with no problems & fast prompt service. We arrived around 2pm & they let us ( my wife & I ) check out the room 1st & we could change if there was a problem. Matter of fact we did change from the original room they gave us. Upon examining the new room my wife didn't like the view & with no problem we were reassigned back to the original room based on the Bell Asst. Homers insisting that it was a better room view & location wise. Thx. Homer!! He new if the Mrs / Boss is happy then I'll be happy. To the elevators that were nicely redecorated with a new D ambiance. Yes Homer the Bell attendant who was very helpful & informative. Our room was the Deluxe Corner King. Remodeled, very spacious, pull out sofabed, decent view of Fremont St. & a bed that was awwwww so comfy. After losing money, getting drunk from free shots of cognac ( ? ) & walking Fremont St. looking @ the weirdos & hustlers for hours. A  hug from that comfortable bed & my sexy a$$ wife was well needed. Cons: Coney Island Hotdog was good but pricey. $4 for a hotdog?? I had 3. It's hard to get a good Hotdog n Cali & I'm originally from NY. So I paid the price.We stayed till Monday. Didn't wanna deal with the Vegas traffic heading back to Cali on Sunday when everyone & their mother is checking out of every hotel in Vegas. So we checkout apprx. 2am Monday. Well there was no Bell service. I had to leave my D/L  @ the Courtesy Desk in exchange for a luggage rack. Kinda tacky if ur tryn to give off the appearance of a Higher End Hotel. No I should say " Higher End Hotel Resort " since they charge a Resort fee.  All in all if ur looking for a 4 star Hotel in the Fremont St area of Vegas U can't go wrong with the D. Book early. Rooms can get a little pricey for Vegas if U last minute book.
4	I remember when this was Fitzgerald. Glad they renovated and gave it a new name. oh Great location! Your right in the middle of Freemont Experience. Although upon check in. The casino looks same. Just new carpet. Had room 1212 that sits right above the live band at Freemont Experience. So it's loud until 1am. If you want a quiet room. The odd numbers are probably quieter. Room was spacious. Beds were firm. Loved the comforter. Bring your own pillow. There's are lumpy. The room also smelled fresh. I did get my room from hotels tonight. A great way to get rooms for cheap last minute. So I was able to stay for $20. Then they charged me $20 for resort fees. Lol. Would stay again. Wouldn't pay more than $60 Because my tv didn't work. Shower wouldn't drain. So it's like taking a bower= a bath shower. Smh. Took over an hr for maintenance. The air works but it's tricky. You can't put it on the highest. Turn nob just before it stops. Other wise it blows room  temperature air. There is a camera in the hall. So no frisky business in the halls. Haha. And the front desk girl should have mentioned the noise from location of room. She did give options for what floor. Good thing I was staying to party.
2	I should have listened to the previous review!  Was so excited about staying downtown,  something I never do; checked in and discovered right away that the entire floor surface of the shower was peeling, silly me, I called down to the desk to report this problem, and with as much attitude as the not so friendly representative could muster informed me that maintenance must evaluate the problem before I could change rooms WTF ... customer service classes are desperately needed, you absolutely get what you pay for. PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE WITH HIGH EXPECTATIONS!!!!!!!! Beaware of the elevators these are danger traps.......
4	I was actually pleasantly surprised with how much I loved it here!!Now, I didn't stay here but did come to play the slots, drink and eat. I love the feel of this casino. It's not as crowded as the Golden Nugget is and has a younger vibe to it which is a nice change from all the other casinos in downtown. They have plenty of slot machines and tables. And upstairs they have vintage slot machines that shoot out coins!! lol. It was actually pretty cool seeing all the old slot machines.The long bar is super cool and they are very generous with the alcohol. Very nice. They have a bar outside too which is nice too. They have a few nice restaurants and is conveniently located on Fremont St right in the middle of everything. I will definitely have to check out the rooms here eventually since I've only stayed at the Golden Nugget.
4	I was VERY happy with my stay here. I had some travel problems and had to change my plans last minute and knew nothing about the D. I booked primarily because the room rates were affordable- so I didn't expect much. My room was VERY clean, comfortable, and cute. ALL the staff I interacted with were consistently professional, warm, and pleasant. The waitresses in the Casino stood out as providing excellent service. The only cons I thought were that the elevators were very slow- but the hotel did try to respond to complaints about this by placing operators in them. It was still frustrating and why I didn't give 5 stars.I would definitely stay here again- despite the elevator.
1	If you pay more than $40 a night to stay here, you paid too much. If you get a room anywhere on the Fremont St. Side of the hotel, warning! It will be loud!You can here the freaks below sneezing, never mind the horrible music.The elevators are hot and stink, and chug up and down....like they are about to break down.The D Grill isn't bad...breakfast is ok and inexpensive.After a room change to the "quiet" side of the hotel, we were stuck in handicap room, had to call and report the AC not working, a broken shower, and toilet not flushing issues.
5	Loved how they remodeled this hotel! Did not feel like an old dingy casino..had lots of fun with friends and great drinks! Check in was easy & quick! Rooms were clean and was on the 30th floor and had a view of the city! But didn't look out the window too often! LoL got a great deal on Expedia! had a great time! That's all that matters! Thanks D hotel
3	I never been a fan of fremont street or anything about the downtown area, but when i stayed at the d things kinda change, i checked in here with no problems got to my room and the problems start well not really major problems but things i dont like. when i got to my room there was no tissue in the bathroom and i really had to go so i called front desk they told me about 10min well 10 turned into 30 i couldnt wait so i had to do what i had to do. i didnt make it a big deal so i continued my night i was only there to stay the night and play their tables which i did and ended up on fremont street partying with friends that never had been downtown anyway i was able to come into a cozy room with tissue, its a must to have in every room all the time peace the hotel was cool visiting i will visit again.
5	Adam London's Laughternoon at The D is a fantastic afternoon comedy/magic show for the entire family. This is a rarity in Las Vegas. Is there a shock factor? Sure...he's a magician! I have seen (and worked) with quite a few magicians in Las Vegas and Adam London is top notch. Clean humor, audience interaction and laughs the entire hour. The tickets are so cheap it's a crime not to go.
1	I remember stayiNG there the month they opened (before their grand opening) ....place was good for the price and location. ..what was the bad experience was being stuck in an elevator with 10 people for  close to an hour the day of checkout (one girl inside was claustrophobic and was cring) when we finally got out we went to management to complain and this guy Daniel at the counter took our information because we were to get refunded for one nights stay and a complimentary night when we come back to visit them....so I gave them all our info again because it all had to be manually entered for the complimentary bight...its been over a year and still no word from them..."management we got the message load and clear DON'T EVER COME BACK!"
1	Don't stay here if you like a good nights sleep. The noise from the street below boomed and echoed till the wee hours. The room was no big deal, an iron, but no ironing board. No fridge nothing special at all. Water ran in tub all night and all day. Server at the D grill was a total biotch. Would not come here again..
2	They advertise a pool, which is why we booked it. We arrived and the pool was non-operational. No warning it was under construction. Location was decent, but there are a lot of other less crowded options nearby (once we waited for about 5 minutes to get into an elevator).As someone else said below, beware the resort fee they tag on at the end. Also, the AC units are old, have to run all night, and make a lot of noise.
2	Disappointed the pool was under construction, the room TV did not work they charge $9.00 to use the internet and still charged a $20 resort fee. When I asked what the resort fee covered they said the half price show ticket they gave us, hmm not so half price. Breakfast at the D grill was great. Excellent valet staff and bellman. Too many homeless asking for money for my taste outside the hotel.
3	The rooms are nice, bar tenders are super cool and give big shots. The only thing that sucked was the evelators. They take so long and have a capacity of 8 ppl. The valet and bell desk never answered their phones and took forever to assist you due to short staff. Not to mention they were very rude.
1	My boyfriend and I did a staycation here. The room was tiny and felt claustrophobic.  They only have 4 elevators to access hotel rooms. 2 of which were broken. We waited 30 mins to get in the elevator to get to the room. The parking garage is scary. The hotel did not think the structure of the parking garage through. Steep inclines. Little parking spaces. Three of the parking levels had construction going on and half of the parking spaces were reserved for valet. Overall a horrible experience.
1	WORST HOTEL AND WORST GUEST SERVICE EVER!!! Please DO NOT go there!! Please!!! I've stayed for 2days and ended up with unknown insects bites all over my body. (I have uploaded some pics...)Of course, I have complained and filled out a report. And guess what they offered me...?!? $30 credit for beverages!! And they almost threatened me and assured me that there is nothing I can do about it!!And what scares me the most is following... I asked them what they gonna do about the room... They said, "Of course, the room is off the market starting today." They didn't say anything like, "cleaning, sanitizing, or fumigation... They just gonna shut the door and take it off the market. As you all know, whatever the insect bit me, they WILL look for more food...FYI it's been 10 days... I still wake up in the middle of the night from itching!! Very PAINFULL!!
3	This was our first time staying in downtown las vegas. It was a last minute weekend trip. So of course the rooms on the strip and super expensive. My husband found a good rate for The D on hotels.com. I was totally surprised!! We were able to check in early and the lady even upgraded our room. Our room was nice. We had a great view of the fremont street experience. I love that i got to play a slot machine that still gave coins!!0 Only down fall .. ..tooo many walkers and wheelchairs(im 32)!! I prefer the strip.. but i will stay here again if needed
1	Lets start with the check in. We go to valet the car, and valet guys are too busy talking to each other to do their job. Not one valet came to open the car doors, and I had to pull the luggage out of my car myself... not a great start. We had checked in earlier (locals having a staycation) so we didn't need to go to the front desk, but that didn't stop the one over-zealous employee YELLING at us 3x that we needed to go to the front desk rather than pointing us in the direction of the elevators to get to the room, as we had asked him. After finding our own way, we get into the room, and were absolutely dumbfounded. We PAID for a room upgrade, and when we walked in, our room was literally on par with a Motel 8 that had a 30th floor. Apparently they figured upgrade meant moving to a higher floor. View of roof tops and not much more (definitely no view of the strip, Fremont, or anything that resembled Las Vegas), no refrigerator, no coffee machine, bathtub was barely big enough for a normal size human being to sit in, and no additional seating other than the desk/dresser/tv stand chair (room looks nothing like the one posted... maybe that's their "SUITE"). Seriously. Motel 8. The rest of the stay was much the same, but made worse upon being told that their pool was closed. This turned into a benefit because they sent us to the Downtown Grand, who had a GREAT pool, sparing a guaranteed disappointing swim in theirs. As a local who just wanted to have fun on Fremont, and having stayed in many, many of the other strip properties, I found The D among the worse... 3 stars is really too good of a rating. For a Las Vegas hotel/casino you should EXPECT way better, especially when the hotel/casino is located in a "hot spot".
1	i will never set foot in the d casino ever again!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they are cheaters and should be ashamed of themselves. if you expect to be paid upon your winnings, the d is not for you!!!
1	They Called security for asking for a cup of ice they also charge  2 bucks for a cup of water not a bottle of water low class casino I get treated way better at at the strip casinos don't ever go here
2	I had read so many awesome things about this place in the last year."Most improved hotel""Best Dining""Best bla bla"I was really excited about staying here, but I'm not a fan. They've obviously recently done some work to this place, and the decor is actually pretty nice. The beds are super comfortable too, but the furniture, the bathroom and the old A/C unit was just disappointing.The toilet barely flushed, the room stayed fairly warm and I felt dirty after stepping out of the shower.I will say, the casino itself was decent and the ambiance there is quite fun. Also, it's priced correctly I suppose at $48 (for four of us), but next time downtown I'm paying more and trying out the Nugget.
5	The staff is so friendly and our stay was very comfortable. I love the new elevator technology... No more waiting for a full elevator to go to your floor. I will definitely consider a stay here again and recommend my friends.
3	First impression of this place was a bit shady since they seem to be pushing to promote it everywhere we went. So we checked the rates on hotel tonight and it turned out to be the cheapest room as well. We were pleasantly surprised since they had pretty clean rooms since most of them have been recently remodeled. Old Vegas was right outside the rear of the casino and they had zip lining, gogo dancers, djs, bands, a pretty huge crowd, and everything else that makes Vegas great. It did get a bit ghetto as we walked through old Vegas and the crowd seemed to get ruder. Regardless, we had an excellent stay but they get minus one star for not being able to provide a tooth brush / tooth paste.
1	Surprisingly this was going to be a 4 star review for a very clean hotel with more than adequate accommodations for a very cheap price.  I booked a room at the last minute for $12 on Expedia. Of course I expected to get hit with a Resort Fee, but $20? Give me a break!It's time some government regulators put a stop to this Resort Fee BULLSHIT! It started out as an insignificant $3-4 added to the daily cost of your room but when the Resort Fee is MORE THAN the actual room rate you gotta be kidding me!
1	Welp, I have stayed at The D probably about a dozen times since the rebranding. Tonight is night five of a stay and I figured I would close it out by seeing Purple Reign tonight. I happily walked to the Club D counter and informed them of my desire to go to the show. They said tickets were $45.50. I asked if I had any comps. The nice employee checked and said I had about $17 at this point and that I could apply them to the ticket price. I pulled out my room coupon for $10 off any show in the showroom. She informs me that I can use them both together but I have to buy them from the box office next to registration. At the box office i'm told this is not true. In fact I can't use my comps there because they have no card swiper, they tell me go back to the club desk and they will print you a coupon for your comps. I go back to the club desk where they tell me that's incorrect. Now the woman at the club desk walks me over to the ticket desk and after they have a discussion i'm told that I can't use my comps for show tickets and that is not allowed. I asked about printing a coupon for my comps as the ticket guy said, they said they don't do that but maybe I can talk to a casino host. I'm escorted back into that casino host room and the first woman takes my info, sees I stay at The D often and says my gambling is pretty good "let me see if we can comp you a ticket for tonight" she asks me how many, I say just one. She comes back with the Executive casino host who tells me. Nope! A) You can't be comped because you don't gamble enough B) the fact that i'm a frequent guest means nothing at all to them C) he will allow me to use the $17 for a cheaper ticket but in no way can I possibly use my $10 off any show coupon because it can't be used with any other offers. I said my comps aren't offers, that's based on play and nowhere in writing on the coupon does it mention this. That was that. What a miserable way to start my final day here. I was in a good mood excited to finally see this tribute now I can't even bring myself to buy a ticket based on that nonsense. I tweeted the D and derek stevens immediately after. I'll surely compose and e-mail. Just disappointed that the place i've given so much time and money to would treat a guest this crappy. The executive host is Eddie Villarreal.   Somehow he got to be an executive by being relentlessly rude.  I have many other stories from my stays but they always tried to make it right.  You can only give a place so many chances.  I'm a monthly visitor to this city and i'll gladly spend my time and money elsewhere in the future.
3	We visit the D a lot. They are one of 4 casinos in Vegas with Sigma Derby horse racing and I absolutely love that game. The fact they are on Fremont st and have that game was the only reason I choose it.We came down Sunday, caught a very family friendly show that keep you laughing for most of the hour. For two adults used to the seedy underbelly of Vegas shows Mr. London kept us entertained. If we were entertaining friends with children, we'd go back. Drink service was weak. We hardly saw a waitress while we were there and then it took forever for them to return with a drink. They could have doubled the wait staff and everyone would have been happy with their tip totals. I promise you the servers would have been happy sharing.The slots were paying out. The sigma derby game was fun but there were a lot of 20 yr olds sitting there not playing. You should have seen the argument I got in when I asked one to move so I could play my quarters. Yes I said quarters, save your change people.If you stay there and they ask you a high or low floor always go low! I know that seems odd as you want a view but the elevators suck sweaty monkey balls. It took over 20 minutes to go up to the 19th floor. 35+ mins coming down. We won't make that mistake twice. Also you don't want Fremont st adjacent. The street noise even 19 stories up is deafening.
3	The free room comps have almost gone away..I'm losing faith in this hotel the more I stay..A so called upgrade to the elevator system was a nightmare! Took 20-30min to get to the casino/room..only gave it 3 stars because I liked the clean restrooms and the convenience of mc McDonalds downstairs..lol. Will not stay here again..sorry D..ya lost me.
3	Overall, The D was a positive experience, but there is LOTS of room to make it a great hotel.My wife and I stayed in a suite on the 26th floor on Labor Day weekend, 2014.The hotel is in a great location, right on Fremont, downtown! There is so much to do within walking distance. As a frequent Vegas visitor, I may have become a downtown convert. I've stayed on the Strip every other visit and staying downtown was much more comfortable than a huge resort. Getting to the strip was a 15 min, $25 cab ride. I know there is also less expensive options, like an express bus.The room (Suite):* 3 flat screen TVs in the living room which was very cool.* Comfortable king sized bed, but only 4 small pillows which were not enough.* Nice bathroom soaps/shampoos.* No robes or slippers. It doesn't seem right to stay in a beautiful suite and not have a robe!* We kept getting a 7am wake up call that we never requested! Even after calling to have the wake up calls stopped, they still persisted. I'm glad I was an early riser.* In the afternoons, sometimes there was no cold water! This made for VERY hot showers.* Only 2 towels were provided. This seemed needlessly frugal for a king suite.* The suite door didn't quite fit in the door frame, leaving space you could see through to the hallway around the edges.* Just a nit, but they didn't have the Golf Channel and a few channels in general. Of course, this wasn't a big deal, since you shouldn't be sitting in your room in Vegas anyway. :-)The hotel:* The elevators were repeatedly a problem. They would break or not allow more than 3 people on board before giving a weight alarm. They have a specialized system that assigns an elevator to you based on what floor you select. That means that if you get assigned a broken elevator, you'll be waiting a long time and probably not able to get on when it arrives! This was a very frustrating experience. It was exacerbated by the fact that the stairwells were locked! There were no options if you got stuck in this situation. How can they block the stairways?!* No gym.* Nice, but small pool on the ground level.* We didn't get a chance to go to the Andiamo restaurant, but I can't wait to go back and try it out. I heard it was great from multiple sources around town.The Casino:* Good card games paying 3/2 blackjack.* I signed up for the player's club, but didn't play enough to see any benefits.As mentioned, the overall experience was positive; however, it seems like it would be easy for The D to make it so much better. I'm eager to return and hopefully see those improvements.
4	Stayed here over the Labor Day weekend. Check-in was smooth didn't have to wait long. The casino was really nice wasn't too big but wasn't too small either. THE ELEVATORS all the reviews were correct I experienced what everyone else did. That is the ONLY reason why The D didn't get 5 stars. They eventually got the elevators working which still took about 5-10 mins to get to your floor.It's right in the middle of Fremont St. We had a view of the tail end of Fremont St. facing container park so the noise was very minimal. I would stay here again in a heartbeat just know that around say 2p-6p is rush hour for the elevators so plan according but this is Vegas so that won't be hard. The rooms were way bigger than I thought they would be a king size bed with couch, chair and desk area. So having people stop by to pre-game wasn't a problem at all. Looong windows so you had a view of all of downtown part of the strip and the mountains of course. A/C worked almost TOO good. -- That is not a complaint. There is a mini-fridge and if you are a smart one like me that brings a bottle in his checked-in luggage you are set. Umm.. for the short amount of time we stayed in the room the tv is small compared to what you get at hotels on the strip, and there were like only 12 channels you can watch. Didn't matter to me ESPN was more than enough which they have.The bed and pillows were dumb comfy.Enjoyed my stay despite the elevators.
3	My favorite part of The D is the frozen drink stand outside. It's a cheaper way to drink and they are good drinks. The new remodel of the casino is nice. Have not had a lot of gaming luck here, but it's worth checking out.
2	Being a local , I like to gamble here and there, but today being Friday, they expect ing a big crowd for some events being held downtown. I got turned away from the public parking, it is early like 1:30 p, who the he'll is going to stay all day here or there at the D. . The parking guards says if u are not a hotel guest, use valet at $15, yeah right, I 'll just park at Plaza, at least I park for free and doing have to jockey around the half naked parking garage, where the valet guys  and  the  people drive like maniacs in garage area. I'll just take my business somewhere else.
5	I am there right this second and having the best time. Great access to Fremont street and an excellent, huge, bar!!! It is a great place to go and hang out pin if you are in Vegas.
2	I'm at The D right now staying in a high floor panoramic view room.  Check in was smooth but the trip up on the elevator took far too long.  It looks like they are working on that as they had a couple of people timing the elevators.  The elevator technology is pretty cool, on a keypad you press your floor and it tells you which elevator to use.  When we arrived on our floor I was pleasantly surprised by my first impression, very nice and clean hallways.  The room, it's nice enough, a mixture of old and new.  I was very disappointed when I didn't find a coffee pot.  Everything I've read, pictures I've seen, all have a coffee pot or a Keurig.  To me this is huge.  Now let's talk about wifi, after all I'm paying $20 a day for the privilege of this service.  What a joke!!  I actually have it turned off now because it won't connect and was causing me issues trying to even check email.  So if your looking for a clean room on Fremont St and don't care about coffee and wifi then The D is great.
4	A big feeling place with a little footprint.  The D (formerly Fitzgeralds) is a modern styled hotel in the stodgy Downtown/Fremont Street district.  The hotel room here is nice enough, although it is definitely no-frills:  no fridge, no coffee maker, an ice machine that only kinda worked down the hall...  The room DID have a safe and WiFi, though, so that is a plus.  The decor is nice enough, fairly modern.  The wait staff is younger ladies with little clothing, and the music is bumping so the girls can dance about.  They are TRYING to be hip, but ultimately they come up a little short.
1	This place is horrible. I will never stay here again. The customer service is soooooo bad. I flew in from California and they gave my reservation away saying "reservations are not guaranteed." Elevators hardly work. They deactivated my room key everyday. Housekeeping knocks on your door everyday at 9am to remind them of checkout even if they are not checking out. Security got caught on camera taking a football game break IN my hotel room, not realizing someone had checked into it.The decor is very nice, but thats the only nice thing about this place. Their credit card swipes are so janky that it never works properly. Worst hotel experience Ive ever had.
3	Needed a room in downtown for one night as the rest of my friends were flying in the next morning. The room was booked through hotels.com and the total was $32.77... yep, only $32.77 and there's no way that price was gonna be beat on the strip or in downtown. Now I know The D is the renovated former Fitzgerald's and I was cool with that. I really had no visions of grandeur that everything was going to be brand new & transformed like the Nugget. But I was pleasantly surprised when I checked-in. The casino floor wasnt all run-down like I expected. They cleaned it up a bit. The Long Bar was very prominent and was packed with people. They had dancers above some of the gaming tables like The Pleasure Pit section of Planet Hollywood. At least it seemed to me that was the vibe they were going for.Waiting to check-in was a little longer than expected. There were 3 parties in front of me when I arrived around 11pm on a Thursday night. And of course, there was only 1 person manning registration. Once it did get to be my turn, the Asian woman was very nice & got me going right away. She directed me to the elevator bank & I liked that it was not only real close to registration but also not too far from valet. Very important aspects for me. The elevators are interesting in that you punch in your desired floor and the little monitor tells you to go to either elevator A, B, C or D and that elevator will take you directly to your floor. Genius! Now I've stayed at countless Vegas hotels and that technology was a first for me. Really liked that.I was assigned a room on the 27th floor. One king bed... It was nice and modern. I was a bit surprised. The theme was dark woods, reds and white linen. The bed was super comfortable and I slept real good. One of the gripes I had was that the AC was bit noisy, even though I was able to sleep soundly cause I was so tired from the day of work, flying & driving... it left me exhausted by the time I turned in. But being that the little noises usually keep me awake, I do not know if I would have slept so soundly otherwise. Another was that the chairs in the room (2 of them) with accompanying coffee table seemed really out of place. The style didnt match the new interior. The chairs were not comfortable & the table was way too low to eat on. Believe me, I tried. And lastly, the bathroom needs some serious updating. It wasn't dirty or anything like that. But it was outdated big time. I mean the hot and cold faucet controls looked like they were from the Brady Bunch house. I've never seen em before. They looked like plastic wannabee crystal knobs directly on the counter. No spacers no nothing. You had the counter then the knobs. Very odd. And another odd moment during my stay was when I had just gotten in my room. I'd say I was in there barely 15 minutes and I get a knock. Weird... I look through the peephole & it was housekeeping. I thought it was a joke. I thought I was getting punked. It turns out the housekeeping person forgot her bottle of cleaning spray behind the curtains by the window. I mean, I didnt even notice it when I got in the room. It was totally hidden... Weird.All in all The D is a decent hotel option in Downtown Vegas. The rooms are clean & the beds are comfortable. The staff was friendly and valet was fairly quick and the walk to and from the room to the elevator then to valet pick-up was short. It's also a plus that The D has an entrance via Fremont Street experience. It helps you avoid walking the otherwise sometimes desolate and shady side streets of Downtown. It's also a short (1 block) walk from the Golden Nugget. I'd stay here again for the same price. Now if they could just fix some of the issues I encountered.
1	Not at all impressed! We wanted to stay on Fremont St...this looked great...looks can be so deceiving! Parking was ridiculous. You have to drive up 7 levels to self park. Past 6 levels of empty Valet parking! Then expect to wait...and wait...and wait for an elevator. Whoever thought up the elevator system needs a new job! Will not stay here again! Almost forgot! Loved seeing a huge jetted tub in the bathroom...only to find I ran completely out of hot water with about 3 inches in it.. :-/
1	The d stands for dump. Though this hotel advertises its newly remodeled room this place is still old and falling apart. The remodel consists of a few cosmetic cover-ups, dancing girls showing some skin, and loud music. The bathtub felt like you would fall to the floor below when you stand in the wrong spot and was chipping off all over. The drawer on our dressor wouldn't closed and was propped up by a piece of paper. Sadly, our room was the upgraded premium corner king. The view was probably the only saving grace. The elevators are supposed to be an upgrade but they are TERRIBLE! So slow and confusing for many. Overall, a dump with a fancy paint job
1	I know that Las Vegas is the city that never sleeps but it shouldn't be because your hotel bed is so uncomfortable or the soundproofing is so poor. Impossible to sleep with the nonstop bass from Freemont Street right outside. They seem to have done some flashy renovations to the first floor of this hotel and left the guest rooms largely untouched. Our bathroom faucet was leaky, the room and bedroom seemed old. They desperately need to invest in better smoke eaters on the main floor, as well. So unpleasantly smoky compared to other hotels and casinos! The pool area is terrible as well. It's on street level by the valet/taxi stand and you basically feel like you're sitting in a parking lot. Cheap plastic pool chairs very uncomfortable. Definitely would not stay here again.
3	First time visited Las Vegas as the wedding invitation of my little sister. I searched on Booking apps and found "the D", which stay on the middle street in downtown Vegas at s amazing price. I chose "the D" and not really happy with my choice.I got the King size room at 33 floors and I am feel okay with my room at that price. The service here is great but the wall room is so thin, I mean I can hear everything voice next room lol. yes I did,  you can imagine lol.They charge me extra money of the room because It was on weekend and the Booking apps didnt update yet. (f*ck) and I have to pay or I can choose another hotel. okay paid for it. hmmm ...
1	Had a blast here playing the horse race game  . There was a malfunction which one of the cashier girls fixed immediately. Then we had another malfunction and a manager by the name of Richard P. argued with us that it was not a malfunction and we did not push the button to bet correctly. He was extremely rude and obnoxious. It was really embarassing because he started yelling and getting really upset and everyone was looking. We told him to look at the logs because there were prior malfunctions because he said he did not believe us. Mind you this game is only a quarter to play and we won a dollar which was due to us and the game did not pay it out. Richard refused to pay it out which is fine since it's only a dollar. It's just really sad that a service manager would treat customer this way. This was a really cool place and had so much fun with my friends here until Richard P pretty much ruined the vibe. Unfortunately, we will not be coming back here because of the way we were treated. He treated us like dogs and did not once apologize. This was on Saturday 9/20 at approximately 4.30 pm in case anyone from Corporate cares.
1	ok so my husband and I we went for a carshow last weekend with 8 other couples got to the hotel friday, the check in was horrible guest sevices could not find some of tje reservations than charged a resort fee which no one knew about we thought we were getting a great deal for 165 became about 230. Then we got to our room no pillows or blankets called operator she said she would send them up about half hour later called again still same thing waited about 20 mins still nothing third time calling operator said she would send blankets but there was not any pillows available but when some became available she would send them WTH a hotel that does'nt have enough pillows for all there guests what is that so finally asked to speak to mgr got put on hold by her for ten mins so went down stairs to get them. than next morning our husbands left us to sleep maid service came in my room and accross that hall my friend was sleeping was waken up twice I see one time accident but twice come on. So i gave one star for the really nice bartender.
3	Stayed for 5 days and nights , the price is great. Liked the fact that it is in the middle of Fremont street. We had booked a regular room and when we got there at 1:30pm our room wasn't ready, check in time is usually 3pm. They tried to up sell us the "king corner room suites" that were ready for check in ,for an additional $20 a night. I had first said no then after going back and forth with the check in girl she said she was going to give me the king suite for "only" $15 a night. So after paying for the upgraded room we got our king suite room on the 32nd floor. Ok so the king suite really isn't as great as I expected. It has a small couch with 2 chairs and a small side table. Items also include in the room, a small refrigerator that doesn't really keep things very cold and has a funny smell to it. Only used the thing to keep my water bottles a little cold. The king size bed was nice and firm. Low quality 25-27" flat screen tv that has a handful of channels. It contains a safe for your room that is hidden behind a drawer, which is somewhat awkward to get to because it is so low. Bathroom was poor by my wife's standards. When you flush the toilet everyone on your floor hears it too. The shower temp is hard to regulate, either it's too cold or scalding hot. Housekeeping, for the first few days our room was being clean by the housekeepers. Towards the end of trip I had to call the to clean my room because I sleep through the cleaning schedules(they clean at 830 in the morning to 11 and the last one at 3:30) they said they would try to get to it time permitting since all of housekeeping clocked out. Our last night coming back from Vegas activities our room was not even touched! We told the housekeeper on our floor we were leaving and she had all day to clean, no rush. The pool, I didn't use it because when you see the location of where the pool is. It's located on the front side fenced in and very unappealing. Overall the stay was bearable because me and the wife had a good vacation. Note: when checking in please asked for the highest floor you can get because at night the Fremont experience starts and the music is blaring.all the lower floors are very loud because the music stage is right next to to hotel rooms..
5	If you want fun. If you want a great vibe. If you want to be in a well run family casino/hotel. This is the place. The owner is always in the floor schmoozing and he's a delight. Derek is a great man and a very hospitable owner. This is THE CASINO on Fremont.
1	I thought our stay was good until you locked us out of our room 2141 and lost our reservation. Now someone more important needs our room they told us, and you still can't find our reservation. After my wife cried, they kept us in the room. They had put a walk up rate on our card since they lost the reservation. This despite showing them the travel agent voucher prepaid for our 3 day stay. They did reverse the charges and we should have our money back in a few days. Even though they finally fixed it, getting locked out of our room when I was sick, with my stuff in the room, and being told more important people needed our room, will always stick with me.
5	I'm from Detroit and maybe I'm biased but, here we go!  I love the D, I love that the most beaten down city in our nation has a chance to shine when it comes to the lights and fun of Vegas!  This place is not great but, it's not horrible and it happens to contain my fav eat spot in Vegas these days!  American Coney Island!  It's what Detroit is known for food wise and it's amazing!  Nothing like the real thing but, this is a close second!  I can't even pass through town without stopping here, even on my way elsewhere!  I love strolling through the gaming floor of this place and feeling like for a minute I'm back in the D!  Love it, hope it stays!
4	Cool theme.  But I'm impartial since I'm from Detroit. :-)Loved all the TVS on the 1st floor.  You could pretty much see what was going on with the games no matter where you were sitting. Waitresses on the casino floor were way understaffed.  Took a long time to get someone's attention for a drink.  The waitress upstairs was not so pleasant.  Downstairs was better but still slow.  Overall the place itself was cool.  The only reason I gave only 4 stars was because of the waitstaff.
3	Check-in was seamless...however you may want to valet your car, as self parking begins at the 7th garage floor...meaning you'll be driving in endless circles trying to find a parking spot. Front desk wasn't very friendly, it seemed as though my last minute check-in was very bothersome.The room is ok, the beds comfortable. Very quiet. The view from the 27th floor is ok, nothing spectacular. The elevators are a bit different...so much so, someone has to stand there to direct people as how to use it. And if that person isn't present, well....good luck!!The music playing in the casino, particularly the bar area, was a bit obnoxious for a late Monday night. The go-go dancer on the other end was a bit lackluster, and it brought more hilarity than actual "entertainment". But for the price I paid, I was happy to get a decent nights rest.
3	Pros:comfortable bed, Great price 31per night, location, high energy casino, free parking. Cons: dirty bathroom with leaking faucet, rooms on Fremont side very loud. AC is loud, our room was basic with no chair to sit in.
1	Would not  recommend this place to anyone!!! we got stuck in the elevator for an hour and had to pry ourselves out of elevator b!!!!!! We  told Christopher Greene the assistant security supervisor who did nothing and laughed in our faces and gave his us his card for doing nothing about it. Everything about this hotel was okay but they way he treated us really says something about how they can let things slide, specially with bad attitudes and bad customer service!
4	I have to start off with saying I would have given them a 5 star rating if I didn't experience what I did On that note There customer service is top NOTCH. I arrived a day late and they held my room despite a sold out night of Halloween. I had a broken hairdryer and within 5 minutes I had a electrical engineer at my door with a replacement wall unit. it took him less than 4 minutes to switch it out and did I mention it was 6:30am. the 1 of 2 bad situations was that I had gotten sick from the food from the D grill. I had a bad migraine and puked 5 hours later. I was later explained that the D grill is not part of the hotel but is a different company renting out space. The room was beautiful and the elevators where a bit too high tech for my liking but cool none the less. the real problem was that they over charged me when they were only supposed to have charged me the resort fees. it took 4 day s to get this resolved.the 4 stars are because MR. Hung Huynh (manager) went over and beyond to hear me out and change my mind about his hotel experience. Not only did he apologize for everything and for the person who made the mistake of overcharging but for my inconvenience with my finances and the bank. he refunded the over charges and waved the resort fees for me. His kindest gesture that earned him my respect and wanting to go back is that he offered a complementary night to redo my experience.  \The most admirable part of the hotel is that the owner is present every night in the same spot talking to his guests and listening to any changes or complaints they may have. Thank you for your customer service to my situation. Azalia
1	Upon checking in We were told we would be paying a $20 per night resort fee on top of the $39.99 for the room. So let's do the math. Paying half again the price of the room in hidden fees? Um ok. Whatever I guess. So we check in, and go to the elevators. The single most infuriating thing about the hotel. Sounds like a stupid thing to complain about but YOU HAVE NO IDEA! Instead of an "up" or "down" button on the elevator, you punch in the floor you mean to go to and it TELLS you which elevator to board. So you are sitting there, waiting for 15 mins (NO EXAGGERATION) for your elevator. Meanwhile, elevator B has gone up and down twice past your floor but if you get on that one it won't stop at your floor. The program says elevator A and you MUST ride that one. So as you are waiting, more people are coming and all of them also get elevator A. The sign on the wall says only 10 people can board the elevator at a time and there's 35 people waiting for elevator A. So FINALLY it gets there, we all try to pack in and there's an annoying buzzing noise. We have exceeded the weight limit. So half the people get off, get back out and have to wait another endless amount of time for the next elevator. Not me tho, I'm staying on this bitch. So we made it to our floor, unpack and settle in, turn the AC on because its like 95 degrees in the room and I check out the little hotel guide to see what my extra $20 bucks a night is getting me. Turns out that our resort fees cover WiFi and LOCAL calls. And that's it.  As tho every adult on the planet doesn't carry a phone with them. So basically, $20 per night for WiFi, whether I use it or not. Well, that's when the Resort fee pissed me off. I wouldn't mind paying a resort fee for a resort. Someplace with a bellhop and room service. Someplace with a girl to bring me drinks poolside and a complimentary show or two. Hell, someplace with a damn COFFEE POT in my room would be nice. But no no... $20 a night... for Wifi.On Tuesday, my body was stiff so I decided to go down to the pool to sit in the jacuzzi and loosen up, but I was told the pool had just closed at 7pm. Why 7pm? I'm a grown woman, I don't need a life guard. But whatever... 7 it is. I go back up to the room (mess with the AC because it keeps kicking off) and Hubby tells me to go get a massage instead. *happy dance*. I call down to find out where the Spa was and I was told they don't have one. But... this is a resort right? I seem to remember something about a resort fee? WTF!!! So I decide to just stay in and help Kid with his homework. Let's bust out the laptop and utilize this overpriced WiFi. Ha... What a joke. This shit was worse than Dial up in 1998. It takes Kid hours to get just about 1/5 of his work done and we decide to grab the car and go find a place to eat. So we drive down from level 9 in the parking garage (levels 1-7 are for valet only) and are met with a steel arm blocking our escape. We stick our room key in the slot, pull it out... nothing. In, out... nothing. in, out, in, out, in, out... Cars behind us are honking... in, out, in, out. MOVEMENT! We are free! We spend some time on the town, eat some decent food and head back to the room, which is hot as hell again because the damn AC keeps kicking off, and I head down to the promised $5 blackjack tables. After searching the entire casino I find only $10 tables and I am not willing to lose so much so quickly.  I head across the street to play at the $5 tables. Sat down and promptly lost $50 quicker than the waitress could bring me a drink. I head back up to my room,(after the wait for the elevator of course) take a bath to relax my muscles and go to bed. With the sounds of Fremont street and the heat in the room we barely get any sleep.Weds,  After dinner at the buffet at Main Street Station (definitely try it) I went back across the street from the D and lost another $50. So I go back to my room, take a shower and try to go to sleep. This time I leave the TV on til past midnight when Fremont street closes down and got a little more sleep.Thursday morning upon checking out we were told that on top of the cost of the room, and the resort fee, there were taxes on both as well. Yes, tax on the resort fee. I didn't know you COULD tax a fee. This brought the cost of the room to close to $70 per night. Hubby tried to voice his issues with the place and the woman at the front desk didn't even look at him. To make a very long story short, We found out why they named their hotel "The D", because they really bend you over when you stay there. And it was so infuriating that it made the rest of the trip kinda shitty. So avoid the place. It's definitely not worth it.
3	The manager (I will refrain from putting his name, so Yelp doesn't delete this) in reservations has the worst customer service I have ever experienced. On the other hand Chris the front desk manager was a pleasure to work with and turned our awful experience around. My Husband and I came to the D casino in late October for our 1-year anniversary. We had stayed there the previous year for our honeymoon. We had a 9-hour drive from Tahoe. When we were about 8 hours away I received a voice mail from the reservations manager saying that my suite was no longer available. I had made my reservation for a food and music festival and had called every day for 2 weeks waiting for them to open reservations. I booked my suite on the very first day that I could, they took my money and sent me a confirmation for my suite. The reservations manager called me with less than 24 hours until our check in time to tell me that we were pretty much out of luck. Not once did he apologize or have any empathy at all. You could tell he didn't care, and then tried to blame me saying that I shouldn't have been able to book the suite in the first place. After I had made my reservation I called 3 times to confirm my reservation, I called on the Wednesday before my Thursday check in and they said everything was fine. They obviously checked someone in last minute to a suite and bumped me, because the day before they said our reservation was good to go. Instead of the reservations manager owning up to the reservation department's mistake he just tried to blame me. Then he tried to move us to a much older, farther casino down the road. We had to deal with all of this as we were driving through the desert trying to get there, now not knowing if we had a room or not. Finally I couldn't deal with the reservations manager and his awful attitude anymore. Seriously, The D, you really need some customer service training in your reservations department, it was bad!!!! So, I called the front desk was able to speak to a manager and our night started to get a little better once we got to talk with Chris, the front desk manager. I explained our problem and the first thing Chris said to me was "I am so sorry, we completely dropped the ball on this, it was 100% our mistake, and I am going to do everything I can to make this better."  Just him not being a rude jerk like the reservations manager, and just admitting their fault, started to make us feel better. He then stayed an extra hour until we arrived so he could make sure that we were taken care of. He welcomed us with champagne and although we didn't get our suite, he did everything he could to make our weekend better. Chris deserves an award; The D Casino is lucky to have him around. The only reason I would ever consider going back there is because of him.  The reservations department, especially the manager, could definitely learn a thing or two from Chris. At the end of the day, Chris is the MAN!!!
3	The D was not to bad, I had a good experience there nothing but friendly service from the casino dealers, waitresses. D grill had decent food, didn't try the stakehouse. As for the rooms they were basic rooms nothing special. Only complaint is their elevator system it took a long time to get on the elevators.
1	I would consider giving this place another star or two but first impressions last a lifetime! Upon check in me and my wife dealt with the most rude person I encountered on our vacation.  I'm not sure if he just really hated his job or just hates life in general. Either way he is not the type of person you want dealing with paying guests upon arrival.  We learned our lesson on you get what you pay for.
3	Oh, the "D". Reminds me of something I probably shouldn't say, but what the hell it's Vegas after all right?This spot is in old downtown Las Vegas, which I had never been to and we stopped by to say hello to a friend. It's cool and unique. Not as popping as the strip but still fun it seems. I liked how they had a photo booth where the entrance out of the casino was so you could take your selfies and post to Insta or facebook if Ya want! Um yeah!Walking out too there's ziplining outside which I will have to try next time and lots of little shops and kiosks in the center and of course bars.This place is ok. Nothing more, nothing less.
5	Now this isnt a five star resort. It's not the bellagio or the Wynn. Once you get that in your head, it's pretty cool! The room was alright. Nothing special at all. The bed was nice, the ac is loud at times, the elevator is definitely different, and the shower was a little confusing to figure out. The fremont street experience can be loud but we're usually out when it's super loud 7pm-1am. Sigma derby is the best game in Vegas, absolutely love it! The longbar was great! Loved having Labatt blue on tap!!! Overall, it's a solid, clean, affordable room and it's a blast!
4	After reading several reviews regarding the D, I was almost afraid I made a mistake.  There are a few good and needs improvements that could be beneficial.1.  We arrived and went to the Valet lane to have our truck parked, we waited and waited, until finally a bell hop came out and said there were only 2 guys working valet that day.  We gave our bags to the Bell Hop and finally got our valet.2.  Check in was seamless, but the great complaint for many at the check in desk was the $20.00 per night "resort" fee.  I was well aware of the fee, even though I was not sure where the "resort" was, as I never saw any amenities that constituted them as a "resort"  TAKE NOTE MANAGEMENT - find another way to hide this fee, up the room rates or what ever, this would save allot of complaints from future bookings.3.  The Elevators - yes the are small and slow, but honestly the building is built around the elevator and not a whole lot that can be done, but I don't know try using the Bell Hop to take your numerous bags to your room.  After all it is FREE!!!  you can be nice and tip them though, but oh wait - maybe that is part of the "resort" fee.   Doubt it.4.  We opted for a King Corner room.  The room was clean, nice view - we had a sofa, table, 2 chairs, desk with chair, fridge, bed was comfortable - what else does a room need.5.  Shower needed a little attention, which any maintenance person can do - but when you turned on the shower, most of the water went out the tub spigot, I am sure it is a simple adjustment.  No problems with hot water.6.  Had one meal at the D grill - only went there for appetizers, no real problems.7.  Gambling sucked - but I was never that lucky, easy access to Fremont Street which has plenty of entertainment and things to do.All in all - it was a nice place to stay, just hope that someone from The D reviews these comments and takes them to the ones that can make decisions to make a difference.
4	I needed a place to stay for one night so I booked a room with a king bed online because it was cheap. Beware the $20 resort fee when you check-in. The resort fee isn't included on booking websites.When I checked in, they gave me a complimentary upgrade to a suite. Everything looked clean. The kitchen area had a bar counter and see through fridge. Also, the living room and bedroom had separate thermostats. The bathroom had two sinks, large walk-in shower with rain showerhead, and toilet divided by glass. I was surprised that there were L'Occitane toiletries.The parking garage is crazy. Each floor only fits a few cars and self parking starts at floor 7. I got so dizzy circling round and round up the parking structure. I was lucky to get the last parking spot at highest floor.
4	QUICKEST SERVICE I've ever got at a casino bar ever when not using a machine on the bar!   I totally go back!  Plus I heard this place gives you loot to game when you split on black jack...I'll check it out and update this when I am off my 30 days of no gambling!
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #23:One of the newer downtown casinos; opens right onto Fremont Street under the canopy; the outdoor bar on Fremont with the go-go dancers is actually pretty cool; inside it is really heavy on the slot machines, both downstairs & upstairs; the table games have more go-go dancers & sexily clad dealers, plus the music is loud and the whole place has an upbeat/happening feeling; limited dining options, but the upstairs D Grill is surprisingly good for general upscale-diner-type food; the sports book is really tiny & sad; it's a bummer for locals that the garage charges $3/hour; best craft beer bet = in general, not good, but the main Long Bar on the casino floor has a few worthy on-tap choices; better yet, walk a block & a half east on Fremont and get some great locally made craft beers to go at Banger Brewing
1	Casino  security are completely rude!! This place needs to clarify about the rules and regulations.
4	So tired of cabbing and driving to fremont, only to whup it up and face the challenge of getting back to ground zero, eg, casino lodgings on the strip. Deciding to book a room and it was fine. Jury out on that funky elevator system, but wow, right there. Fremont across the street, and good music. We were on the 4th floor, a bit loud due to the festivities, but no problem for me to crash.Room was great. Basic but good. Loved the art work. Would definately stay again.  Gaming was good...had a great night with roulette girl. She did a fine job. Streetside 7&7 was $9 so be prepared.  Good mix, good size.  Thought the d grill closed early.  But they had a Mcd in the building.  Not a big fan of McD, but hey, still love the egg mcmuffin.
1	Ok., so I ended uo back here with my family for Christmas.  But NEVER NEVER AGAIN, ,, loud  heater,no table , no coffeemaker, rooms are smokey and smell like old cheese. Booked thur hotel.com, they didn't find my reservations for 30 mins, hotel.com customer service was lousy,, NEVER AGAIN WITH BOTH OF THEM,, also  the valet look shifty, ,, check your cars when they bring them back,, IJS    the desk clerks were very nice ,,,but  when management came from behind the door ,,they could have very well stayed Behind the door!  The half*a** ungraded the slow elevators and double down graded the ROOMS
4	Went here for Christmas. This place is jumping. Music is loud, so it is aimed towards the younger crowd. Lots of entertainment, beautiful dancing dealers and friendly hosts and staff. Both the hotel and casino were very clean. It has several great restaurants and the location downtown is perfect. The only drawback we had was our tub plugged up and we had to move up a level. I would definately stay here again!!!Oh yes, take the suburban for a ride instead of the taxi, its alot nicer and almost the same price.
5	The D Las Vegas is outstanding! RESERVATION experience is always pleasant and professional; REGISTRATION is swift if not... just a quick wait; BELL DESK is prompt and courteous; VALET is speedy (they run to get your car the minute they retrieve your keys from the valet booth); THE D GRILL menu is great, serving my favorite Oxtail Soup; AMERICAN CONEY ISLAND isn't my favorite but my 8 year old loves it; ANDIAMO is phenomenal ($65 steak & lobster was scrumptious and best in the menu) We've stayed in the 30th floor suite every year for 7 days and HOUSEKEEPING has never let us down, accommodating to our familial request; although we're regulars we have yet experience the services/products from the GIFT SHOP and GUEST SERVICES. The LONG BAR (as well as the outside bar) is neat, it's a bar with acrobatic alcohol making show from its talented bartenders. The SLOTS machines and TABLES are fun, though we haven't hit-it-big yet. We are a family of five, our vacations typically surrounds our children therefore where we stay has to fit the criteria. The D is nestled on THE FREMONT EXPERIENCE, there you're able to stroll and watch/experience all sorts of interesting talents, while seeing the chains of downtown Las Vegas casinos. The eateries are also good, THE INTERNATIONAL HOUSE and PICCADILLY just to name a few. The DOWNTOWN CONTAINER PARK is also a gem, too much to list here! All these are within walking distance from The D.
1	The music from outside is so loud you think you are in the middle of live concert. The worse experience.
1	Used to stay here years ago when it was Fitzgerald's.  I can't really say anything about the gaming, ambiance or food, etc. because power hungry security guard in an ill fitting suit wouldn't let us in.  My hubby and I (both in our 50's) and my daughter and friend (both 18) were denied entry to use the restroom and to get a meal because we weren't staying there.  We are now locals and out of town friends are always asking for recommendations; guess who we are not recommending?
