5	I was visiting a friend and we walked from her house down to the Square Cafe for breakfast one morning. Yum! The coffee was in big, square pottery mugs, the food was delicious and the prices are reasonable. Their website says they're only open for breakfast and lunch and that they close at 3 daily.
4	A really cute cafe. I came here because I heard about the "green eggs" which are eggs made with pesto. I was really excited to try them out. But we waited so long in line for our table that by the time I got inside I ordered the square breakfast, which was the first thing on the menu. I did not realize that I forgot about the green eggs until I had finished my meal and we were walking back to the car! I was so mad. But I guess when you are hungover, its 1pm and you haven't eaten since the day before you can't think straight.But the breakfast was good. And the cafe au lait was very good too. This place is so packed you better be prepared to wait in line.The other cool thing is that this is a women owned diner. They are a member of diner ladies, five women owned dinners in Pittsburgh.
4	Tasty brunches, cool mugs, lively decor, and reasonable prices.  Also, a brie crepe--whoa.  This is a place I feel excited about visiting for brunches, but also feel like I can afford.  I think they even have free wifi!(And, yeah, I can walk there.)
3	I use to live up the street from this place and was there on one of the first days it opened. I was pretty excited to find out that it was two women running the cafe and so excited that I could walk up the street to get breakfast on the weekends. Before this place opened you really had no where else to go for breakfast in Regent Square except across the street to the coffee shop. My friends and I started to frequent the Square and found the wait was long, the service sometimes off  (unless our friend would wait on us) and to me the food was a bit over priced. But I kept hoping they would get some of this stuff together and thinking they just needed a couple more months and it will work out. Then I moved away.Four years later, they still don't have it together! I was visiting Pittsburgh and met up with my friend  here. The line was out the door and when my friend went in to ask if we had to put our name in or what the deal was no one knew! Then we see 4 people come in and just jump right in front of us. After 15 minutes we saw no one around to take names or anything. You are suppose to put your name somewhere? But no one really knew!It was like we needed a secret password to just get in the door. If we guessed right perhaps we could get a seat? It was so disorganized and reminded me of when they first opened. Perhaps its better to go during the week but seriously, how hard it is to have someone take people's name and greet them? The menu still seemed a bit over priced just for some basic items. We ended up going somewhere else.
4	Square Cafe is a wonderful breakfast place.  The staff is always friendly and quick.  The food is everything from crepes to traditional breakfast food.There are always a number of groups hanging out and talking over breakfast - everyone is friendly.  The food, coffee and teas are all good.  I wish I got out to Regent Square more often to enjoy Square Cafe.
4	I come to this cute cafe with an eclectic flair whenever I want to get in touch with my inner tree-hugger.  Ernest, friendly servers. Solid brunch fare. Price a tad on the high side.Also, it opens for brunch on Saturday. Many restaurants in Pittsburgh, even those that ostensibly serve brunches, only do so on Sundays. The Square Cafe offers a (somewhat) healthier alternative to Pamela's.
5	I went there with some friends for brunch and had an amazing experience.  We sat outdoors on a gorgeous Saturday noon.  I had a strawberry blueberry smoothie that was delicious, and they gave me an extra half cup when we accidentally spilled a little bit of it.  For brunch, I ordered a chicken and spinach crepe that was absolutely heavenly -- I ate all of it, and I normally have leftovers whenever I go out to eat.The service was excellent and friendly, and the atmosphere was nice. I'd definitely come back to try other things on their menu, such as the green eggs and ham.  Maybe a little bit overpriced as some others have mentioned, but it didn't even cross my mind when I was there.
4	I suggested to my brother, one of my best friends, and his two sisters and girlfriend that we try The Square Cafe last weekend for breakfast, and I am glad that I did. The food was incredible - I had the Square Protein breakfast with a Trail Mix pancake on the side - and the coffee was excellent as well. We had to wait around 20 minutes to get a table, but it was 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday, so a wait for good food is to be expected.The ingredients are organic, the food is prepared well, and the presentation and service is excellent. You get what you pay for, and in this case, you get quality food. Then again, I don't mind paying for high quality items and service. The bottom line is that good food costs money.I very much enjoyed the coffee and saw nothing wrong with it. Most people are used to drinking rotgut coffee, so perhaps the coffee at Square Cafe is just something foreign to them. It all depends on what you like I guess.I will most definitely be back here for breakfast and lunch.
4	You know, I'd seen this place many times 'cos I have a membership at the Regent Square Theatre.  Anyway, after a Halloween party last night, I wasn't in the mood to cook breakfast, so Rick and I headed over here.  It's a nice neighborhood place with an extensive and somewhat eclectic menu.Some of the more unusual dishes include a mushroom tart and something called a "Hopple Popple".  Heh heh, not for this girl.  After last night, Susan wanted her eggs, meat, and cakes so she ordered the Square Breakfast with scrambled eggs, chicken apple sausage and buttermilk pancakes (pump that insulin, Susan, pump!).  Hey, after last night, I was hungry and I wanted to chow!I'll have to try this place for lunch sometime.
3	3.5 stars.  Square Cafe is the only place to get brunch up in Regent Square.  There was pretty good sized crowd the last time I went and there was a line around noon so it definitely does get packed.I had their chicken and apple sausage omelet, which came with a side of home fries and toast (I chose rye).  My companion ordered their chicken and wild mushroom crepes and a side of fries (out of gluttony).  My omelet was alright; it was pretty standard and I've had better omelets before.  I typically like my home fries to be diced into larger pieces with a bit more of a char; they had a nice sprinkling of tasty seasoned salt though.  Also, I would've liked my bread toasted.On the other hand, my companion's chicken and wild mushroom crepes were absolutely delicious.  The gooey creamy Gruyere cheese sauce brought the entire dish together.  It was topped with some diced tomatoes to add an acidic bite to the dish; I personally found this to be a questionable decision by the chef since the tomatoes contrasted so much from the rest of the dish and didn't really fit in altogether.  Her fries were fried crispy and well seasoned; I couldn't stop stealing them from her plate.Overall Square Cafe is a nice brunch spot and I might go back once in a while, but I don't think it would be a permanent fixture in my brunch rotation.
4	I have been here for brunch on several occasions.  I would recommend that you get there early because you may have to wait.  When waiting there is not an area where you and your guests can stand comfortably because this place is very popular.The food is delicious and they have a varied menu.  You can bring your friends, parents, and kids to this place.  Great place and great food.
1	I'm lactose intolerant. I ordered pancakes, eggs, and bacon. The pancakes showed up at my table with whipped cream on them, even though whipped cream wasn't on the menu, and the waitress didn't mention anything about them. After craning my neck around for my waitress, a different waitress came to my table, and I told her that there's no way that I can eat the pancakes since the cream will make me sick. She took my pancakes away and never returned. My initial waitress didn't seem to notice that anything had happened. I never got replacement pancakes. Nobody came back to refill my iced tea, ever. The rest of the food was so-so, but the service was so bad that I'll never, ever go back.
4	The Monday after Christmas was rather busy, but we had good service, good food, and pleasant service. As I currently live in the Baltimore-Washington area, I thought the prices were reasonable and appreciated the breakfast menu moving beyond eggs and pancakes and other generic "Eat and Park" kinds of food (not that there is anything wrong with that). I had polenta cakes, sauteed butternut squash, and caramelized pears with a side of chicken sausage. Pretty good stuff! I thought the coffee was pretty good too for drip coffee, despite what some of the other reviewers have mentioned. We liked William our server, Bonnie the owner and the rest of the friendly staff who were very welcoming to a couple of out of towners. Thanks for a good meal before we hit the turnpike.
3	2.5 square encased stars.This morning I splurged on a $9 vegan breakfast burrito and here's what I have to say about it:  * Portion was huge.* Potatoes were nicely spiced and perfectly cooked.* Too much "chorizo" and not enough veggies or avocado in the burrito.* Chiorzo a bit heavy on the cumin making for a powdery spice mouth feel.* Salsa was not very flavorful, mostly tomato.* Not enough salsa to sufficiently moisten the burrito.* Salsa served in disposable ramekin. Needless waste.* Franks Red Hot, yes!* A fair attempt but definitely missing something. Roasted garlic and/or fresh cilantro could really set this thing off. Ooh, and pineapple! Place was pleasantly bright with uplifting decor. Service was absolutely good. Interesting "Choice" of teas (Choice brand). I will probably try some sides a la carte next time.
5	Best bacon in the 'burgh! It doesn't come out a greasy pile of fat like most places, theirs is thick and cooked to perfection. I love brunch and Square Cafe is my favorite place in Pittsburgh. (I suggest getting the breakfast quesadilla if you like that sort of thing. I can never finish it because the portion is a nice size.)
3	I had brunch here with friends a few weeks back, and overall it was a nice experience.  We only had to wait about five minutes to be seated.  I ordered the omlet ranchero.  It came with toast and homefries.  I stuck with water, and one thing I remember about the meal was that the water came in strange glasses.  I can't remember exactly what the situation was, but they were awkward.The omlet was pretty good.  It could have been done for another minute or two.  The homefries and toast were decent, nothing to write home about.  To me the prices were slightly high for what you got.  At $10 for basic eggs, homefries, and toast, I would expect more.  I'd go back again, and maybe order lunch or dinner.
4	A good brunch spot in Pittsburgh with decent food which isn't too greasy and a full line of espresso drinks. The last time I was here was right before closing time, and I was a bit dismayed that they started mopping the floor with some noxious smelling chemicals before our group had finished eating. Kind of ruined the experience, but that's only happened once -- I guess you should come early to avoid that!
4	I am updating my review for Square Cafe, as promised, because in the past few months they have changed their menu a bit, and their coffee has improved substantially.  These two changes make a big difference.  The new menu, while still trying a bit too hard, now has flavorful food.I don't know whether they changed their coffee blend, or just their process, but it's now been drinkable several times running.  So I give you permission to eat here again.  Congratulations to Square Cafe for solving the coffee issue!Two things anyone eating here should still be aware of:  First, the portions are too large, which is certainly not going to bother most people - but if you're coming with a group, or with kids, just keep it in mind.  Second, ordering a la carte or off-menu is very, very expensive, so think carefully before you ask for an omelette that's not on the menu.
4	Two of us came in for a weekday lunch, looking for a break in our usual routine. And we found exactly this: a charming lunch menu with many vegetarian options and fresh ingredients. I loved the brie-and-apple grilled cheese, and my boyfriend enjoyed the enormous veggie burger. Neither of us ordered drinks, partially because the espresso drink prices were so expensive (like add a dollar to drink prices at Starbucks expensive).I want to come back soon for brunch!
4	Stopped in for lunch before a day of apartment-hunting in Regent Square.  I was immediately charmed by the cute atmosphere and friendly staff.  It's a bright room - lots of bold, cheery colors - it doesn't have that dark and aloof feel of many cafes.The mugs and drinking glasses were just charming - apparently you can buy them up at the front counter!  We got hot tea, which is always overpriced (1.60 for a tea bag?) but the mugs were so cute, and 1.60 is actually cheap compared to most coffeeshops, so I'm cool with it.  For lunch I had the brie-and-apple grilled sandwich, which had great flavor and was served with hot, crispy, seasoned fries.  The whole menu looks like well-made comfort food.  And they have free wi-fi which we REALLY needed!  I look forward to coming back once we live here this summer!
4	A nice alternative to Pamela's and without the wait. The space is very clean with typical diner decor, service is great. I liked their coffee a lot, a latte that comes with proper foam is hard to find in a diner. For food, I had a brunch combo thing - sausage (that actually turned out to be a sausage patty but that's alright because I like those better anyway), eggs and potatoes. Unlike Pamela's, their breakfast combo doesn't come with pancakes, you can choose either eggs or pancakes. Sad but it's plenty of food.The eggs were great and they have a nice selection of cheeses to scramble them with. Potatoes had a nice spicy flavor but were a little dry. I'm definitely adding Square to brunch rotation.
5	YES YES YES!!! I love it, this place is very hip, as you walk in there are these very bright colors on the wall, Blue, Green, and Orange! There is a bar with about 10 stools and plenty of seating inside and a few tables outside. The staff is very friendly and know how to wait tables etc.. I got a glass of whole milk and an order of french toast with caramelized apples and whipped cream on the side, I also put some peanut butter on them! This french toast was so yummy! Challah bread mmmm.
5	Food: many, many options for palates of all varieties, many vegetarian and vegan options, great breakfast/lunch/brunch choices, just got a new menu with even more options, everything we've tried is at least good if not great from breakfast burritos to veggie burgers to pancakes to green eggs and ham (really!)Price: slightly more expensive than a typical breakfast diner, but well worth the cost of admission, the food is fantastic and they offer so many choices you won't be disappointedDrinks: coffee is amazing, the smoothies are even better, and the coffee bar is great as well, plus try the homemade lemonadeAtmosphere: slightly cramped seating inside but only because there is always a line to be served because the place is so damn good, outside seating extends down the street and is more spaced and cozy, tables and chairs outside are very niceService: friendly and fast, always seated quickly even when there is a line, all meals come out together(+): the location isn't great (see below) but it is right next to Dz Hot Dog Shop which is the best Six-Pack shop in Pittsburgh, the food is phenomenal, anyone who doesn't rate this as one of the top 10-15 restaurants in Pittsburgh hasn't been here(-): location (who wants to go to Regent Square?)Would I go back again? Absolutely
5	Today was my first visit to the Square Cafe, and I'll absolutely return. When my roommate and I arrived today, we were greeted to full tables (both inside and out) and a long queue of people waiting to be seated.  Although this looked like it would be at least an hour wait, we were told it would only be around 15 minutes.  Deciding not to wait for a table, a counter seat became available just minutes later, and we took those instead.  Although it was crowded, there was good flow in and out, so I don't doubt that the 15 minute estimate would have been close.The food.... amazing choices here.  I'm vegetarian and my roommate is vegan, which poses an incredible challenge in Pittsburgh for no apparent reason.  The selections were clearly marked "V" for vegetarian and "VE" for vegan, although we were told that many of the V can be made VE quite easily.  As others have noted, the coffee here is fresh, bottomless and served in cool, square mugs.  No doubt, the squareness of the mugs adds to the taste.  I had the breakfast burrito with some added soy chorizo.  It came with sour cream and salsa.  Good vegetarian food is more than just a combination of plant-based ingredients.  When done right, it's truly amazing and makes you go, "wow!"  My breakfast was a home run!  Just the right size, and just the right combination of flavours.My roommate had pancakes that were flavoured with pecans, cinnamon and other good things that reminded me of a big coffee cake-like-something that my mom always used to have around the house for company.  They were quite tasty as well, although I could never eat all that fluffy pancake mass by myself.  He could barely finish his meal.After breakfast, I had a lemon bar (out of this world with just the right tartness and lemony goodness).  These are hidden on the counter, so  you need to look there when you go.One of my biggest gripes with restaurants in Pittsburgh is the service which generally ranges from lackluster to downright awful.  Not here!  Sitting at the counter, we had the chance to talk to several of the folks that worked there.  The owner came over and introduced herself.  We didn't wait for anything (even the food, which came surprisingly fast for the crowd they had), but we were not pestered in search of a big tip either.  One important thing was apparent... everyone who works here really likes what they do and it shows.  Additional points to the staff for knowing that some of the ingredients in certain items were not vegan.  That's pretty rare, and often requires a trip to "ask the chef."  I left here happy today and that's saying a lot for a first trip to a new place.  There's nothing I would have changed, but so many other things I want to try that I'll HAVE to go back!
3	I've only eaten here once, but I was not overly impressed. I ordered a tofu scramble, and it was a small portion, and very bland. It seemed to me that the cook didn't know how to cook tofu properly. It wouldn't have been so bad, but it was incredibly expensive for the portion and quality.The waitstaff was very pleasant though, and the location is beautiful. A nice sidewalk cafe in Regent Square to catch some sun and people-watch throughout brunch. Plus, they sponsor a softball team in the Steel City Softball League. Last I heard, there was a new menu, so I'll definitely give it another shot and get some eggs next time.
2	"There was a little girl and she had a little curl right in the middle of her forehead. And when she was good she was very good indeed, and when she was bad she was horrid." This rhyme from my childhood always comes to mind when I think about Square Cafe. I've had wonderful food there, and I've had stuff that should never have been brought to a table. I was there the first few years, and the food was awesome. Then it was terrible. Then the former partner (Sheree?) returned and took over the business and the quality went up - but over the next 12 months it dropped off again. At some point they hired a new chef (don't know her name but her beau was working the coffee bar) and everything was very good (Johnny Cakes were awesome) but apparently she's gone now too. They took my favorites off the menu (including Green Eggs and Ham, temporarily, because they said they couldn't make it in the winter - WTF? Basil grows in a flowerpot, man!) and started making blueberry pancakes with frozen blueberries. Who puts frozen blueberries in $11 pancakes? When I moved to Regent Square 6 years ago I went 2-3 times a month, and I usually got an egg sandwich on ciabatta. Every time it was different. Sometimes it was dripping oil (I swear some cooks buttered the ciabatta and some didn't). Sometimes it was joy on a plate. Sometimes the bacon was hard as leather. Once when I got pancakes instead, I paid the extra $2.50 or whatever for banana and received a plate with 3 banana slices on it. No kidding. That's $0.83 per slice.In spring 2010 I went for a weekday lunch with some friends. They got breakfast food, which seemed fine, but I ordered yogurt with granola. What I got was a dish of plain yogurt with about one tablespoon of oatmeal sprinkled on top. And for some reason it tasted like onion. This "yogurt with granola" was $8! The coffee has always been good, as far as I can tell. But a friend of mine once noticed that he had been charged two different prices for his coffee on two consecutive days. Apparently the coffee with refills - even if you're never offered one or accept it - is $2.80 but if you don't get a refill it's $2.19? That's just weird. Bottom line: Food quality is a crapshoot, but it's _always_ expensive. And that's just not worth the 2-block walk from my house.
4	Visiting in town over the long Thanksgiving holiday weekend.  Was about 20-30 minute wait for seven people around 10:30-11:00 on a Saturday.  Understandable since it is a small space with not many big tables.  Great service - staff was knowledgeable and attentive, but not intrusive.I had the andouille sausage / cheddar grits, with a johnnycake on the side.  Both were fantastic.  I am not normally a grits fan because they are bland when plain, but these had a great flavor.  Try them before they rotate the menu items.Don't forget to check Facebook for the secret word / phrase of the day for free bottomless house coffee!
5	Weeeeeeeeeeeell okay Square Cafe, I'll give you 5 stars now!  After two consistently tasty meals, and a vibe that makes me feel cheery as soon as I walk in, I think they've earned another star.  Yay!I was just there on Saturday - when I got there around 10:45 or 11, there wasn't a wait for two people (just for larger parties), which was amazing since I pretty much assume I'm going to be waiting in a big line every time I go to brunch anywhere.I started with an Earl Grey Latte....and it was amaze.  I love Earl Grey tea, and this latte was so delicious and so floral, I am so glad I went for it instead of my more standard chai latte.  And they still serve in those lovely mugs!   I really need to buy one of those....For foooood, I got the "Hopple Popple" which sounds very Dr. Seussian, but is really just a scramble with ham, cheese, and various veggies like spinach and green pepper.  With some buttered rye bread on the side, it was one of the freshest and tastiest breakfasts I've had in a while!  I'm iffy on scrambles at restaurants, since when people screw up scrambled eggs it can be really unpleasant.  Square Cafe did a perfect job, and it really hit the spot.  Loved all that cheeeeese, but the veggies let me pretend I was being healthy.  Our server was super friendly too.  I wish I had bought more groupons for this place, since I look forward to coming back many times!
5	So far I've loved everything I've had here, but especially the pancakes- i order one on the side to complement my breakfasts.  A pregnant woman's privilege!  My husband favors the white bean hash, which i was surprised to like as well- love the rosemary.
4	+ Great coffee, friendly service, the deep friend french toast with caramelized bananas was excellent.- Long wait, and closes at 3pm
5	By far the best breakfast in the 'burgh!  They have lots of Southern-inspired breakfast items (hey, the South does have the best breakfast in all America) like cheese grits, biscuits and gravy, and andouille sausage.  Their eggs have a nice flavorful yolk, and they're always cooked perfectly.  The coffee is fantastic, and the service is prompt and friendly.  For you veg-heads and health-conscious people out there, Square Cafe has a variety of delicious omelets and breakfast features like butternut squash hash. Their menu changes from time to time, which keeps ordering interesting.  I've also recently forayed into their lunch items with the wild mushroom gnocchi, which can only be described as sublime.   Square Cafe is pretty popular, so there can be a wait (5-15 minutes, usually).  Just grab a cafe au lait and chill out until your table is ready.  Then be prepared to have your culinary world rocked!
5	I love it!!  It's always busy, especially on the weekend.  The first time I went here, I got crepes with Nutella and strawberries.  They were amazing!  The other time I've gone, I got peanut butter pancakes with bananas and chocolate chips.  The pancakes were really fluffy and the flavors really complemented each other.  It's like eating dessert for breakfast.The decor is really fun, and I love that they sell artwork by local artists.
3	Out of all the breakfast places to enjoy in Pittsburgh this one stands right in the middle. I love that it is in Regent square and that they have sidewalk seating so you can have breakfast in the sun whilst people watching, NICE!As far as the food goes it is just so so for me. I like my sides when it comes to my first morning meal and they come up short in that department. Last time I went it was our annual St Paddy's parade day. My "mai"  (thats what I call my mommy) had the square breakfast, I had the breakfast burrito, and J had the breakfast quesadilla. I just could not decide! I wanted something different but I was worried I wouldn't like what I ordered and I needed something filling that particular bar crawl day.I really wanted to try the Smoked salmon Napoleon but if the fish wasn't good it would ruin the meal and I wasn't willing to experiment. My burrito was OK, nothing outstanding. It could have used some re-fried black beans, spanish rice for a side of something?? See my pics for the plain presentation. I did like the chicken apple sausage. I tried some of the vegan chorizo that my mom had gotten with the Square BF. I liked it but it did have that fake meaty flavor underneath the spicy chorizo sauce. Again pretty ho hum, I wasn't even that interested to try J's quesadilla because the ingredients were the same in my burrito. The atmosphere is perfect to start the day and service is decent. I don't know... it's just missing some pizzazz for me. After some thought I think that because of my mexican upbringing and cooking skills I search for a more authentic flavor but in reality this is American breakfast! I'll def be back! In closing maybe I have to be in an adventuresome breakfast mode, try something new, and not be such a square.
4	Like I have mentioned before if you read my reviews I'm a three strikes you're out consumer. Also with the help of social deals like groupon it may get me back in the door sooner than later. So with my deal in tow I took "Mai" back to square cafe for breakfast. Out the door by 9:30am and we were on our way to run errands and enjoy the 80 degree weather. I don't work Mondays bc I work weekends Repping so when everyone is back at work I get to enjoy low key, uncomplicated, minus the masses dining at this normally unavailable restaurant. FREEDOM!! Today at Square Cafe I had a sublime breakfast with "Mai". I have been craving crepes for awhile and since I am avoiding sweets I decided on the Vegetable Crepes, Sauteed zucchini, mushrooms, onions, peppers, spinach, and sun-dried tomato spread topped with just the right amount of parmesan shavings.  The crepes were thin with the right blending of flavors from the light veggies, sundried tomato matched well adding the tang, acid, and fruity balance. Sitting outside on a day like today is faultless and makes the stress of running around after a horrible weekend much easier to look forward to.
3	In Philly, brunch is like a sport.  We do it well and I am a skilled athlete.  Gold medal Olympic skills son.  Perhaps brunch is not a sport on the other side of the state.  Maybe brunch in the burgh is just an exhibition game?We went to the square cafe on a Sunday morn.  Brunch was in full swing at this tiny place.  We put our names in and took a quick walk around the block.  Back at the cafe, the place was still hopping.  We were a party of 3, difficult to seat when places are busy.  They sat another threesome at a large table and the waitress came over and asked if we wanted to share the table to reduce our wait time.  Sure.  No worries.  Even though we sat at the same table, we exchanged a few smiles with our table buddies and said nothing the rest of the time.  Kinda weird.Anyways, the menu was full of options.  I had a hard time deciding, but went with a western omelet.  My friends went with nutella and banana crepes and a veggie omelet.  The staff was good.  The omelet was ok.  The potatoes that came with the omelet were so so.  They were kind of a downer actually.  There was a hitch with the crepes, but they were quickly fixed.  The waitress was really nice and attentive.  Odd because our table buddies complained about her to management.  Then again, they complained about everything in their lives, or at least when I chose to listen in, that was all I heard.I was told this is one of few places to get an awesome brunch in Pittsburgh.  Perhaps because of that, I was a bit let down.  If back around these parts, I will probably look elsewhere.  Its just not a fair match for me.
3	They serve Eggs Benedict everyday all day. Awesome.Great selection of breakfast fare in general with a menu to feed the pickiest eaters to the food adventurous. Simple atmosphere and a great service staff who can pour a mean shot espresso.Perfect for catching up with a good friend.
5	I don't like to give out 5 stars being that it's the mecca of ratings and all, but this place nailed it.  It has it all, great food, great service, and great atmosphere.  I was torn between the Salmon Tartini (I think that's what it was called) and the choriza enchillada.  I'm pretty sure neither would be a miss, but I heard through the grapevine that their chef makes the chorizo.  Thus, I was directed that way.  It was a great tasting dish, perfect for my Sunday hangover.  I also had a peanut butter and banana protein shake which I sucked down like the Hoover Dam!  It was delicious.  If you like a little live entertainment, I'd suggest hanging out at the bar and observing the very friendly, outgoing staff (all good looking women as well, always a plus!).  Before I blew that hot dog stand, I grabbed a coffee to go.  I don't know what it was, but it was the perfect blend of smooth and bold.  I can't wait until next time to try out that Salmon!
5	I love Square Cafe!  When I lived in Pittsburgh, I took all of my visitors there.  LOVED IT!!  I ate here at least 3xs a month.  I had to stop myself from eating there all the time.  Get whatever the special is.  Sauces here are amazing.  I love their food.  The hot chocolate is delicious.  The eggs benedict.  The huevos rancheros.  The toast can be a little too crunchy but the butter is delicious.  Just go there, eat and enjoy.
4	After going to Square Cafe twice during peak brunch times, I have resolved to come early in the morning, which is perfect. Nice selection of breakfast items from your sweet to savory and for reasonable prices though I feel like they have changed the menu recently so that there are less items. Anyway I don't get the name of the cafe but there are shapes (not just squares) painted on the ceiling in bold colors with local art work hanging so it is a comfortable atmosphere. The service has been good - coffee is always filled (cups that the coffee come in are shaped interestingly cool) and the waitresses check in at reasonable times with a smile on their face. They are there to get you in and out with a full belly due to the volume of customers.I've eaten quite a few of their scrambles and omlettes along with their home fries and toast. The combinations of the flavors work well and homefries don't need any additional seasoning unless ketchup. Pancakes are fluffy and sweet, love how there is a dallop of whipped butter and whip cream. I have yet to have the french toast but my boyfriend always orders them with strawberries.This is a staple breakfast place for us.
4	eeeeeee I'm sorry Square Cafe, but I'm taking a star away.  Don't hate me.  I still really like you.  I'm just downgrading from "love" to "really like."  I have tried a few other food items besides the Hopple Popple, and none of them have been 5 star worthy brunches.  I just came in Saturday around 11 (and, delightfully, we barely waited for a table), and the menu was all different.  That was exciting.  I decided to try the Green Eggs and Ham - pesto scrambled eggs with ham.  It was all pretty good - eggs didn't have quite as strong of a pesto taste as I'd like (my boyfriend's mom observed that they tasted more like "basil" and less like "pesto").  But the ham was pretty tasty.  I tried my boyfriend's fried chicken and biscuits, and I was super not-impressed.  No.  Where to begin.  Chicken was boneless, and breaded in a coating similar to what you get when you get fish 'n' chips.  It was sort of like....a chicken finger....in fish breading.  I can't explain it any better.  But it was sort of bizarre in that way.  The gravy had a strange taste to me, a little too sweet perhaps?  And the biscuits were more crumbly, less flaky.  Also my boyfriend's mom got the sausage and ricotta frittata, and she said it was pretty good, but didn't have much sausage to go around.  I tried it too - the sausage was tasty, but definitely not plentiful.  The last few times I've been in, I've felt this way - like the food isn't quite as good as I remember it.  Still, service is great, atmosphere is adorbs, and I still just like being there.  I should also say that the one time I didn't have good service, the manager dealt with it FABULOUSLY, and was hugely responsive to me.  It gave me a great vibe about the place and encourages me to keep coming back and trying more brunch items.
2	So I've only been to Square Cafe once...and maybe I had a bad experience or just chose the wrong items, but I doubt I'm gonna be heading back ever again.  I am NOT snobby about my food...especially breakfast food (if you give me decently cooked bacon & eggs, I'm a happy camper), but this food was severely lacking.  I ordered the Fennel Sausage & Ricotta Frittata, which was clearly not cooked to order.  It was rubbery and lukewarm.  It looked like it was cooked the day before, sliced up into individual orders, and heated in a microwave.  The WORST part, however, was the "side" it came with....a pile of lettuce (described as "mixed greens" on the menu).  Seriously, just a pile of lettuce.  No dressing...no additional veggies...nothing but a pile of lettuce. A guy next to me ordered the "Chickpea & Tofu Hash", who seemed like the type of person that might enjoy eating a pile of nondescript lettuce...but no, he just pushed that crap to the edge of the plate (like a kid who's trying to fool his parents into thinking he ate some of his veggies).  I mean, c'mon!!! I just paid $9.50 for a slice of day old frittata and a pile of lettuce?!?!My boyfriend had the the Leek, Pancetta, and Mozzarella Omelet, which was OK enough.  It at least came with homefries (and not the lettuce), but they looked like they were heated from a frozen bag...nothing special, and definitely not worth the $9.50 price.The coffee and service were good (only reason why I give 2 stars).  Maybe we just ordered the wrong things.  Maybe if I were vegeterian/vegan, I'd love this place.  I just do not understand why people wait here for hours on the weekends to overpay for subpar breakfast food.  I'd much rather wait in line at Pamelas and pay less!!
4	One of the best breakfasts in the 'burg.  You can get your standard eggs and bacon, or omelet--but most things on the menu have a unique spin.  We shared a fruit stuffed crepe with maple glaze--loaded with fresh fruit!!  And zucchini fritters with tzaziki sauce and pickled cucumbers.  Yumm-o!  Parking outside is sometimes an issue so I would go at an off hour.
5	OH. MY. GAWD!  (This is said in the Chris Farley SNL skit voice)  From the service to the atmosphere to the food, this place is WELL worth the highest possible 5 star rating!!As the reigning Pancake Queen (how did I get this title? I made it up!) I decided that I would do myself an injustice for not eating pancakes here.  Let me tell you, I was NOT disappointed.  Not in the least!The Oatmeal Pancakes with peach compote, pecans, powdered sugar and whipped cream was just divine!  I've never had oatmeal pancakes and I think I'm in love!  They were incredible and since they're made with oats I'm just going to go ahead and say they were healthy (they probably weren't, oops).  We also decided to split the Omelet Ranchero.  It was packed with loads of cheesy flavor and a nice helping of salsa on top.  Served with potato's and we were in carb overload!  I almost wish we would have ordered a side of fruit instead of the wheat bread it came with just to redeem the meal into being slightly nutritional.  Whatever though, it was darn good!The ambiance with bright walls, polka dots and fun modern artwork just matched the bright and cheery attitude of the wait staff.  It made me happy and most importantly, my tummy happy!
4	Breakfast food is my favorite type of food. Square cafe is one of my favorite breakfast places. Really good food. Generally good service. They seem to always have interesting specials. The place is pretty big, and has a lot of outdoor seating. I have had several breakfast items, and really enjoy their savory items, like the Veggie Omelet, but I think they are really good at the sweet items. French toast sticks with a caramel sauce was a special once, and they were AMAZING. I also really appreciate their special options, as they always offer something different and good.  Their coffee is pretty good too.Will and have been back and its a place to take friends.
5	Well, call me a fan. A super-caffeinated, stuffed-with-oatmeal-pancakes fan. Ain't nothin' "square" about this place, totally hip to the groove! (Greg Brady voice) Square Cafe was on point in every regard. My colleague (the one and only Rachel C, pancake master) arrived around 930 and were quickly equipped with waters and appropriate hot beverages. My coffee (which I needed desperately) was refilled graciously and often. We ordered up the lovely oatmeal pancakes, tricking ourselves into thinking they were "healthy." Maybe slightly moreso than say...Snickers Bar pancakes, but these bad boys were very decadent, topped with mucho butter and pecans and peaches. I mean, really? REALLY!We also split the Ranchero Omelette for some protein, which was fluffy, full of cheese and flavorful. Only complaint was homemade salsa was a bit runny, and wet eggs ick me out. Still though, I persevered. I loved it so much I hung out an hour after breakfast at a table outside sipping a half chai/half coffee at a sweet sunny spot. Then I left FLYING. Whatever is in that coffee...works. Whew. Service, food, ambience all exceptional. Great breakfast/brunch/lunch places.
5	Great place, excellent breakfasts, everything done with a creative flair.  Cornmeal pancakes, lemon ricotta pancakes, tiramisu pancakes.... too much to choose from, that's my only possible complaint :-)
3	Overpriced. WiFi a bonus.
4	Went to Square Cafe on a Saturday around 11 expecting a long wait. I went in to give my name and was a little confused as to if I went somewhere or if I waited for someone to come around. The lady took my name after I asked her, "can I give you my name" and she took it. Forgot to ask how long it would take but we figured we'd chance it and run across the street to check out the beer case at D's. We left just in time as when we got back to Square Cafe the woman came outside and called our name. After looking over the menu the dining partner ordered the Square Breakfast with over easy eggs, chicken apple sausage, home fries and ciabatta. I ordered the spinach pancetta omelet. I was delicious stuffed with feta cheese. We liked Square Cafe because it was something different and special for a nice brunch. It reminded me of Coca Cafe, not a place you would go every week but a treat you can look forward to!
4	Great brunch but didn't live up to the hype for me.  When we arrived around 1PM, they quoted an hour long wait for a group of 5 and it only ended up being a 30-minute wait, which was good news.  Atmosphere and service were awesome and the menu was very vegetarian friendly which was perfect for the group I was with.  I really can't say enough about the service.  They were very attentive, and we were seated outside where I often think service can be a little slower and less attentive.  I ordered the oatmeal pancakes with the peach compote and was a little disappointed based on previous reviews.  Ridiculous, I know, but they were too much like dessert for me and there just wasn't enough oatmeal in the pancakes.  Having said that, they were tasty just not what I had anticipated.  I also sampled the tomato bisque and pesto and fresh mozzarella grilled cheese.  Both were good but just didn't live up to my high expectations.  Still, one of the better brunches in Pittsburgh and I'll go back again to try something else from the menu.
4	I had brunch here with a friend this morning and really enjoyed it! The cafe was very busy but we were seated within a few minutes of arriving. Some of the servers seemed a little grumpy, although our primary server was friendly. I ordered the "Hopple Popple". This dish features three scrambled eggs with a variety of veggies including peppers, onions, chopped fingerling potatoes, spinach and mushrooms topped with Amish cheddar. I loved it. My friend had the salmon crepes, which had smoked salmon, light cheese, herbs and oven-roasted tomatoes. This dish was outrageously tasty and if you're in the mood for a salmon brunch dish, I would highly recommend it. The pieces of salmon on top were a bit dry but, eaten with the sauce, it was delicious. The homefries were serviceable but plain - no onion, peppers, or discernible seasoning. I noted to myself for future reference that they have breakfast burritos on the menu.They also have a coffee bar with stool seating that offers a wide variety of specialty coffee drinks and teas.
4	Favorite Brunch in the 'Burgh. Pumpkin Pancakes are worth a flight home (Although the Lemon Ricotta ones were pretty amazing as well). Bottomless coffee for 2 bucks is the best deal in town, and their tofu scrambles are a rare gem for vegan breakfasts. Come early because the place fills up quickly! But make sure to get their seasonal specialities...they're usually the best bet and enjoy getting a fabulous meal for under 10 dollars. I knocked a star down just because over the last few years they have changed the menu so much that I continue to be frustrated that some favorites of mine are now gone. Maybe less change is a good thing Square...
5	Excellent.
3	I'm really surprised at all the stellar reviews on yelp, which is why I visited. Regent square must not have many places to choose from because while not bad, the food was nothing special--typical diner fare--and overpriced at that. I'd have given it another star if the prices were more in line with what they're serving.
5	This is probably my favorite spot for brunch. The biggest plus for me is that it is a very child-friendly restaurant without being a crappy chain or fast food. The food is good and so is the service. When I take my 13 month old with me the staff are always friendly and accommodating (they will often bring some banana slices for him to munch on..no charge)There are so many yummy choices on the menu it is often hard for me to decide. If I feel like eggs and something more savory I usually get the veggie overload omelet with feta cheese. It is so good and full of lots of veggies not just onions and green peppers...which I find at a lot of other restaurants. If I feel like something sweet I get the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, light and almost crepe-like compared to the standard buttermilk. The food is fresh and satisfying, not extremely greasy or salty, more like how you would cook at home.My only cons are that the seating can be tight when the restaurant gets crowded..especially on weekends. The tables are so close along the bench seating it can be hard to squeeze between them to get to the bench (and I am on the slim side) Also, the menu changes a bit with the season, so if you find favorites you might be sad to find them off the menu at times.
4	Visited this past Friday thanks to a wonderful Groupon. We decided to try lunch this time, having had breakfast there a couple times before (which we always enjoyed, but found a bit overpriced for what you are getting). I tried the Square burger (to which I added Amish cheddar and bacon). WOW. Now I know where I can get a tasty burger around here. Delicious. So juicy, just the right amount of greasy, the Amish cheddar was nice and sharp and tangy, just the way I like it. Thick slices of bacon cooked crispy, the way it should always be. And their fries are great. Mike had, and much enjoyed, the chicken and leek crepes. We also got a vanilla milkshake which I must say was very satisfying, if not a tad bit pricey. All in all it was a great meal; I just wish they were open later!And I hate to admit it, but the fact they their name is Square Cafe and their logo is a circle is, for some reason, incredibly irritating to me. I suppose I am too cynical to appreciate the irony...lol
4	This place holds a strong monopoly on the Regent Square brunch crowd.  It is packed on the weekends, and usually hopping during any given day.  My biggest complaint is really that it's terribly crowded.It almost pains me when there's nothing really to make fun of, but from the food to the waitstaff to the decor, everything falls above the line at the very least.  Everybody goes there for breakfast, but they have delicious lunch options as well.Well shit, I guess there's really nothing wrong with this delicious, well staffed, well managed restaurant.  But don't come here please, because it's difficult to find things to do in Regent Square when I have to wait for a table.  And that's how crimes happen...when you're waiting for brunch...first world problem.
5	Oh, Square Cafe, you make it SO hip to be square!I absolutely adore this place for weekend brunch! While I can't say that I've tried any of their other fare, their brunch is just so fabulous that I'm not sure I can come back for anything but. I've been here a few times (with a Groupon once - which they were kind and accommodating with) and ordered several different items and everything has been delicious. Highlights include their custom two-flavor milkshakes (I always choose peanut butter and banana - yum!), the breakfast sandwich with seisage, and the seasonal pancakes (both the lemon one I had in the summer as well as the pecan? or pumpkin? one i had in the fall were amazing). It seems they've mastered both the savory dishes as well as the sweet, which is a rare talent for a place that's fairly inexpensive. Boy, I get hungry just THINKING about Square Cafe! The prices here in general are pretty standard for breakfast fare (about $10-15), so no complaints there. I love their efficient staff that always seem to know how to hustle and get the job done, despite the fact that it's Hangover Hour (aka any weekend before 1pm). I don't think I've ever had that awkward waiting time between finishing my meal and waiting for my check at Square Cafe. Only downside is that it's definitely not a calm and relaxing environment - people are always rushing about, but I find that somewhat energizing.Also, every time I come here I want to get one of their mugs! I believe all the pottery and glass sold there is made by local artists, so I definitely support that. (Yelp Shops Local, right?!)
2	Okay, went for lunch last week.  Not the best lunch in the 'burgh!  Daughter had hamburger, she said it was fine (not as good as Burgatory).  I had Hoppin Johnny which was an egg, rice, blackeyed pea, and greens dish.  It said spicy in the menu.  I say it lacked flavor and was dry!  I asked for Red Hot or Tabasco!Word to the wise:  when you go, order breakfast (during breakfast time)!  Honestly, I've never had a bad breakfast here until this meal.
4	Ok. I admit it. I love breakfast. I have been wanting to try this place but its a little out of my way so it took a while. The place is bustling and colorful! Pros: Interesting omelets, creative menu, quirky coffee mugs, fast service, Nancy B's Cookies. Cons: Smaller portion sideOverall: If I am in the hood I will definitely be back!!
2	Should I start with the negative or positive....okay, let's start on a positive note! Pro: the location makes it easy to get onto the Parkway East and the waitress was friendly. Yep, that was it for the positives.The cons: andouille sausage that was lukewarm with casing that was unchewable - not pleasant to have to dispose of that on the side of the plate...one taste was enough. Cheese grits devoid of any cheese flavor, but packed with hard lumps of uncooked grain - the largest of which was walnut-sized. The eggs were done well, but the entire dish was topped with a sweet jam that had no relationship to the dish whatsoever. My dining companion had high hopes for her goat cheese, leek and pancetta frittata topped with greens. Yet another fail. She proclaimed it dry with very few of the fillings to be found...but TONS of greens on top.  Odd.Maybe the regular cooks were off for the holiday. Maybe they were overwhelmed by the crowd...although truth be told, we didn't wait for a table even though it was packed. I wish I could have had the experience that all these four and five star reviews had,  but after my first try, it isn't worth going back again. Pittsburgh has far too many great breakfast and brunch spots to bother with less than mediocre.
4	Great experience here a Square Cafe. The food was absolutely delicious. My boyfriend's egg sandwich with apple smoked chicken sausage was incredible - I never knew a breakfast sandwich could taste so good! My pumpkin pancakes came out undercooked the first time around, so they took them back and re-made them for me (and then they were delicious). Why only 4 stars instead of 5? The service wasn't great..our server was very nice, but slow. Apparently their computers went down while we were there (she didn't take our orders until at least 25 minutes after we got there). And when they re-did my pumpkin pancakes, they didn't come back out until everyone else had finished eating (so it took quite a while). Would I go back? Definitely!
4	The owner, Sherry is the nicest woman on the planet. You may get a hug from her, even if you are meeting her for the first time. By moving my table to accommodate some diners next to me, I got mad hugs. And a nice chat about our rescue dogs at home- always a huge fan of that. The wait staff is always super laid back and friendly as well and seem to go above and beyond to be real and chat......so ok, on with the food.So SC may be a tad overpriced, but they serve a great brunch. The veggie omelet is always solid and always chock full of steamed veggies. They do a really great soy latte as well- served in these cool, square mugs. Beware- the place gets packed during brunch! There is a coffee bar area where you can sit and wait, so I suggest bringing a laptop with you while you wait.
5	The different eggs Benedict options they do as specials are amazing. Fresh, honest, homemade, local. The specialilty drinks including coffee and teas are very good.  Lemon ricotta pancakes are amazing. The menu changes, but you know that specials give you a taste of things all year round.  I loved the holiday season pancake: pumpkin, nuts, etc. Amazing.  THis place is worth the wait in line and worth your business regularly. This restaurant has a good soul, in its people, its owner and most importantly in its food.
4	I'd have to say that Square Cafe would be my top pick so far for brunch in Pittsburgh.  Its a pretty standard brunch place with cute decor and crowded saturday mornings, with people meeting up to catch up from the week, but it also has a great menu selection, lots of seating, and the portions are on the larger side.Only complaint I have is that coffee is a little pricey and I know some people like the little mugs they use, but I felt like mine was a little dirty :(.So far I've only tried the breakfast foods, and all were quite tasty.  Service was also pretty good, even though it's always crowded at Square Cafe.  They also have a large section of seating outdoor, which I love!
5	I found this place on Yelp and I am so glad that I did! I have been here three times now. I admit it, all three times I ordered the same exact thing- the crab spinach omelet. However, for my cafe choices, I did venture out and tried a different espresso drink each time. The raspberry has to be my absolute favorite, its sweet and loaded with caffeine.. JUST PERFECT.The seating can be difficult since all three times we've came here that its always packed. We choose to sit at the bar stools just so we didn't have to wait too long. As we were eating, many people would come in, look at the crowd, and leave because they decided not to wait. To those people, i say NAY! Wait the 15-30 mins for a table, the food is absolutely worth it!
4	This was my first time at the Square Cafe and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I ordered the Hoppin Johnny which consisted of black-eyed peas, rice, sauteed onions and peppers, greens topped off with two eggs over easy. It was delicious and completely unique in comparison to what I'm used to. The one thing I didn't like was how crowded the cafe was. However, I rather it be crowded so I know it's definitely worth the time and money than empty and a bit skeevy.To sum it up, it's a great place to get breakfast/brunch and I'll definitely go back sometime soon.
3	Solid breakfast place, very small, always a wait.  Menu is ok not great
5	I love LOVE the square cafe! it's such a cozy little cafe filled with neat local artists work and they offer amazing drinks and food! i had their pumpkin chi tea and it fit right into my tea fetish! it's creamy and full of spicy flavor, way better than Starbucks chi tea.        I always get the shrimp and crab cake sandwich, it's filling and the taste is just what you want out of sandwich. It's food you know is made of a good quality and they offer good vegetarian options.       If your like me and tired of nasty second rate chain restaurant food then you feel right at home here!
4	I never thought I'd enjoy floppy pancakes, but somehow these were amazing.  A little sweet and packed full of flavor.  The sausage was also ridiculously good.  Square Cafe has inspired me to start a new list...I got there a little after it opened and it filled up quickly thereafter.
5	Love this place and its atmosphere. Always a great spot for a weekend brunch or week day breakfast if you are playing hookie!
5	The food is wonderful and the staff excellent.  There's always interesting specials and something for everyone.  Weekends are hectic but worth the wait.
3	The food is consistently good here.  The items are a little overpriced, considering you can get the same quality and more quantity at Pamela's.   But for locals it's the only offering,  so I go.  Let me reiterate that the food is consistently good, so I don't mind paying a little more for a good bite.  The filet and sweet potato mash is by far the best thing on the menu for the price,  On the down side pancakes and crepes are generally a la carte, no side of any kind is served with them.. I find that annoying.   The atmosphere is my biggest problem with this place.  The dining room is very small and the foot traffic is a nightmare.  This might be really good new$ for the owners, but it is off putting for those who want a relaxing breakfast.  The seating is not handled with as much grace and poise as I have seen at other busy restraunts manage this blessing of a problem.  Loads of people are crammed into the doorway, there is not a designated waiting area.  You either feel like you are making others uncomfortable by placing your rear in their face as they eat their breakfast OR you are on the recieving end of that discomfort, it's a lose lose.  I am a young 20 something year old, but I have come to Square Cafe with senior relatives, it is certaintly not accomodating to their needs in terms of space or seating.   I would like to give a 2.5 star, which is earned solely by the consistently good food, however a half marking is not possible.  2 is too low, as you will most likely enjoy what is going into your mouth.
4	I ate here this past weekend for brunch with three other dining companions.  We arrived around 10:30 and the place was packed forcing us into a bit of a wait.  The restaurant is fairly quaint with vividly colored walls and a bar on one side.For brunch I decided upon having the andouille sausage with jalapeno jam with a cup of coffee.  The coffee came out and was not that great but was in a very cool glazed pottery cup which they seemed to also be selling.  Thankfully the meal was much better than the coffee with a big piece of andouille sausage, two eggs over easy and grits with some jalapeno jam dabbled over the sausage and onto the plate.  The jalapeno jam was not what I was expecting as it did not have any spice that I could detect but it was still delicious with a somewhat sweet taste.  I ended up mixing all of my food together which gave it all a great taste.  I was also able to try the shrimp and crab omelet which had a nice remoulade but a bit too fishy of a taste for my liking.  The Brussels sprouts and bacon hash ordered by another dining companion looked very good and I am looking forward to coming back in order to try it.The bottom line for me is that this place is great and I will definitely be back in the future.  It is a unique place which has some great food combinations that I have not seen elsewhere.
2	Well the Square cafe is highly rated, personally I think there are a ton of better breakfast places out there. I got a classic breakfast, so it should be basic but this was too basic. No flavor in the home fries, I mean how hard would it be to add salt and pepper or some kind of store bought seasoning. It was fairly busy but I'd call it a normal rush; however before I finished eating I was handed the check. I think they they probably are nice or friendly but I didn't experience it. A combination of so-so food and not great service make this the one and only time I will be visiting.
2	Interesting atmosphere upon arrival, however, my opinion of Square Cafe went downhill quite rapidly.When my boyfriend and I sat down, the waitress came over and took our drink orders. While standing there she also asked me 'Are you ready to order?'  I replied no, and she decided to tell me 'Well we need to put the food orders at 10 minutes to 2 (It was a Sunday)  I stared at her blankly (Was I honestly expected to decide right that moment, we had just sat down 2 minutes prior?)So she said she would be back shortly.When she returned to take our apparently highly anticipated order, my boyfriend and I had decided to share a meal.When we told her what we wanted and that we would be sharing it, she replied with a 'Well we charge $2 (and some change) for sharing plates of food....honestly???????The food was average, but slightly overpriced.  I understand this may have been how the waitress was trained (I tipped the waitress well still, not entirely her fault), but in other words she told me, "Hurry up and decide and oh yea, we only want your money!'  Not going back.  Disappointed. And honestly wouldn't recommend it to my friends.Nothing special and kind of rude.Oh yea and to top it off, once 3 o'clock closing time rolled around, they shut off the music! Way to make me feel like I'm holding YOUR day up!
5	I've been here a handful of times now and am always impressed. It is so nice to have a place with good vegetarian/local options in Regent Square! There are many items on the menu that you won't find elsewhere, which makes it easy to come back to time and time again. On my most recent visit, I rode my bike over from Shadyside, and instead of getting a food coma like I normally do after brunch, I was feeling great afterwards since my meal was not overloaded with grease like many brunch options. I tried the Smoked Salmon Omelet and also got to sample the Veggie Overload Omelet with mozzarella. Both were great! I also recommend the specialty lattes - they are delicious, especially the Snickerdoodle!The atmosphere is cozy and very cute which its own unique flair. It is very popular for breakfast and lunch (so get there early on the weekends if you don't want to wait), but I can see how it would also be a great to come midday to study or read. I'll be back soon!
4	Square Cafe is absolutely my favorite place to go for breakfast/brunch.  We have been there more times than I can count, and nearly every time is wonderful.  The food tastes so fresh and delicious.I also love how great they are towards kids AND dogs!  We take our son and chihuahua there in the summertime so that we can sit outside and enjoy the day.  Most of the time they'll bring her over some water to drink - very nice.The choices as far as food goes are great, and the coffee is (almost) always very good!  I'm a vegetarian, so it's really nice to have a place that is veggie-friendly with lots of choices (that's also very rare).  And the breakfast potatoes are AWESOME!The only reason I give Square Cafe four stars instead of five is because of their prices.  They are pretty overpriced actually.  I almost always get the same thing (Veggie Overload Omelet - yum!), but it's painful to have to pay over $2 extra to add cheese to it... sigh... but I still do it.  Square Cafe will continue to get our business for a many yerrs to come.
4	We came here for Sunday brunch.  Although they were busy, we got a table outside quickly.  The "Monte Cristo" (eggs and ham in French toast) was good.  The only downside was that it took a little long for our food to arrive, but the ambience made up for it.
5	Absolutely adorable.I love the Square Cafe,and if I lived near here,I would make it a weekend breakfast tradition.The staff here are amazing,very nice and laid back.The decor is cute, but not in-your-face.Even the plates and glassware is cute!I ordered the key lime pancakes,which I was a little on the fence about.It was their special for the dayand I love key lime pie,so I just ordered it and decided to take the risk.The pancakes were amazing!!!It was key lime with some berries,a perfect balance of tart and sweetness.I was really happy with the decision.My friend ordered the fruit crepes...I won.
5	I come early to avoid the children and the social commentary. Never had a bad meal here, ever. I've had roughly 3/4 of the menu. Their salads are so huge and tasty that men eat them. They keep it local, seasonal, fresh and classic. The people who say the portions are small probably want Pamela's -- the Primanti's of breakfast.
2	Came for Sunday brunch and was anticipating a busy crowd, slower service, louder than normal ambiance, yet I still wanted my food to come out in a reasonable amount of time (less than 45 min) and for the quality of the food to be good. Got seated quickly, but our service was slow and inadequate. Server refused to give us bread options for our sides and rather enjoyed saying he was either out of that option or they didn't have it. No wheat, English muffins, or sourdough toast-Really?! Ran out of orange juice too. Coffee was mediocre. Waited 50 minutes for our food while watching our server blatantly ignore our table. Had to ask host twice for refills. Got up and tracked down our server to see where our food was-he ran to the kitchen and came out 10 minutes later with our food in tow. Food was warm but my salmon omelet was inedible...tough brown pieces of salmon inside. Potatoes looked to be out of a bag. Green eggs and ham basic and no taste of pesto as advertised. Server made no attempt at noticing us picking at our food and choose to continue to ignore us along with remedy the situation. Won't be back.  Prices are a bit over the top too. $4 for a side of potatoes?!?! $5 for one pancake?!?! Not worth it. Go down the street to the small bfast spot or even across the street to D's instead.
5	Probably my favorite brunch in Pittsburgh. The lemon ricotta pancakes are just wonderful, and the prosciutto and goat cheese omelet is fantastic. Often rather crowded, especially in the winter, but absolutely worth the wait!
5	I had a taste of  the most delicious breakfast I've ever had this weekend. Spinach and portobello mushroom florentine over foccacia and topped with a runny egg. Words would not do it justice.
5	Adorable. Laid Back. Delicious.  The staff is friendly and the place is clean and has lots of character.  The omelette ranchero is so good I struggle to leave my comfort zone.  The square mugs keep coffee hot , delicious, and eclectic.Becoming my favorite Pittsburgh brunch spot..
5	My most visited Pittsburgh spot. I love the colorful decor and staff (who are the epitome of friendly and accommodating). I always look forward to their creative specials, but have a few favorites to fall back on if they don't tickle my fancy. I am also obsessed with the unique square mugs used for all of their incredible hot drinks.  You are destined to find a favorite dish here and fall in love with the cool, quaint cafe in the hip little neighborhood.
4	Hello my new favorite cafe in Pittsburgh!! A colleague and I came here for lunch on a bright, sunny afternoon and opted for a table outside. We love the neighborhood as it is which made sitting outside even better. I had the pancakes and my lovely lunch date had the eggs. Very nice! Can't wait to come back.
4	This place has some of the best breakfast/lunch around. Coffee is pretty good as well.
4	When moving away from the South Hills and the delicious Dor-Stop, I was concerned that I wouldn't be able to find a unique and tasty new breakfast spot in the east. Well, thankfully, good friends quickly introduced us to Square Cafe.I highly recommend trying their specials. My first time dining here, I tried the pineapple pancakes topped with burnt almonds. They were delicious (though sadly a couple of the pancakes were raw in the center). The fruit crepes - which are always on the menu -  are also amazing. I was expecting the crepes to be heavy, especially since I ordered them with Nutella, but they were filled with fruit and seemed very light, dare I say, even healthy.I've also been very impressed with the restaurant's staff. They're helpful and friendly. We've been seated very promptly (even on busy Saturday mornings) and received our food quickly.This is a great, must-try breakfast/brunch spot!
5	Yes, the staff is fun, attentive, helpful and super. Yes, the food is fabulous, inventive, hearty and delicious. Yes, it's a great place to grab breakfast and lunch outside during the warm days and inside during the cold days. These things have all been said before and will be said forever because Square Cafe is wonderful! You should also know that they mix some of the best milkshakes in Pittsburgh, which I feel not enough people remember about this place. They also cater off site, so you could still have their tasty bites when they're not open. I highly recommend it!
1	I think it will be a long time until  I return.  I waited for a half hour this weekend, only to be turned away from the counter (which is seat yourself/first come first serve) by the barista behind the bar. I was turned away in favor of two entitled customers who felt for some reason that they had been waiting longer than my friend and I and that because they wanted the two seats, they should have them.  The whole thing was a mess and should have been handled better by the staff.   My issue is that, if the wait list is exclusively for tables, then whoever gets a seat at the lunch counter is luck of the drawl.  The crowd control issues there are just insane, which is a good problem for management to have.  But on the flip side, some people are just going to give up on even trying to eat there.   Disappointed in my neighborhood breakfast joint. :(
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. I came here for brunch with some friends and our waiter was AMAZING. He was really really wonderful. He brought our drinks out super quick and took our orders without us having to wait around for a ridiculous amount of time. We all really liked him. Also, Square cafe also has many options that are vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free which is definitely a plus.What I didn't like was how ridiculously LONG the wait was here. If the food was AMAZING - I could understand the lines of adoring customers, but to be honest, the food is just okay. I feel like they nickel and dime you for additions to your meal like if you want sausage in a breakfast burrito that consists of eggs and cheese. My friend got one of the vegan options and didn't like it that much either. It was just okay... I've had better brunch/breakfast foods elsewhere. I also think that the prices are a little steep for what they're serving. One thing that really turned me off about this restaurant is how everyone is a vegetarian or a vegan, but they want to make it KNOWN that they are. I don't mind if you don't eat meat or dairy products. Even my friend who was with me who is a vegetarian thought it was obnoxious. We felt like we were living in a real life skit of Portlandia. Someone actually got pissy that the restaurant didn't carry vegan butter. They followed up by saying, "ugh, I don't get it, it's so easy to make." During this conversation this person mentioned MANY times that she was a vegan as if NOBODY within hearing distance didn't hear her the first 9 times she said it. It was so lame. I hope this place doesn't turn into a pretentious place where people hate on you if you don't eat a gluten free diet. I just have mixed feelings. There were things I liked and things I didn't. I probably wouldn't come back.
5	had the pancakes and bacon both were good, also brussels sprout hash, very good, this is a place that is busy but worth the wait, theres a reason there's a long line , friendly staff our waiter was very good, would go again
4	i heard the place was "pricey" but by living in coastal california as i do i found it to be affordable, reasonable and serving portions to be worth the price point. the staff was rather nice. they were friendly. i recommend the steak and eggs with butternut squash. if you are in the square looking for a nice place to have brunch, this is the place.
3	Great coffee!
1	How can you mess up a greasy spoon breakfast?  Well, these guys managed to do it.  Stick with Pamela's.
4	i would have never even known about this place had i not stumbled upon it in a deck of city dining cards. i'm very glad i did.for the dining cards to give you the discount, you have to spend at least $30. i went with a friend, and we had to order 3 entrees and 2 coffee drinks to even get there! needless to say, the prices are reasonable.i just had a simple coffee, but my friend had some sort of pumpkin latte which was very tasty. we ordered the mediterranean omelet (delish.. anything with feta is good with me), the canadian bacon and avocado crepe (combination i never would have thought of but was blown away by), and the mac 'n' cheese (i can't remember what gourmet cheese was on it, but it was good, although kind of bland.. we added salt and pepper). the omelet came with toast and home fries and the mac 'n' cheese with "greens" (mixed greens sprinkled with a little dressing on the side.. not a full salad, but you get the idea).i'd definitely go back, although let me explain the two reasons i gave the place 4 instead of 5 stars. first, the mac 'n' cheese, like i mentioned was rather bland. it wasn't bad, but after trying the first two we were quite disappointed. second, about half way through the meal, they randomly opened the door and left it open. we were sitting at the bar, pretty much right in front of the door and it was freezing outside. we asked them to close it and they did, but really? it's winter, how was that a good idea?
4	I really like Square Cafe. It can be a long wait on the weekends (in the winter especially because they lose all of the outdoor options) but the winter/summer menu switch is wonderful. I usually get their breakfast menu options because the few lunch options I have tried are the reason I can't give a full five stars. In my opinion the lunch options just don't match the tastes offered on the breakfast menu and aren't really inspired cooking.I will recommend trying their specials and it is good to remember that you can order their sweet specials as a half order to share since they are almost always too sweet to eat a full serving alone. The coffee and free Wi Fi is pretty nice too. Sometimes the servers at the tables can be a little flakey, but you will also find really attentive servers too so I feel like you can't hold it against the whole staff when one of the servers is having an off day. The main thing about all of the staff is that they feel like real people, and you will never once confuse them for an automated restaurant-o-bot who just goes through the motions.
4	Really, really good food.Four stars because one time I went, ordered a milk, and it didn't taste right. They brought out another one and it was fine, though.
4	I was such a fan of this restaurant that I went to breakfast on both Saturday and Sunday! Both times there was a wait of about 15-20 minutes, but that is to be expected since the restaurant is not very large. On Saturday I ordered the crab and avocado omelet and on Sunday I ordered a breakfast sandwich on chibatta bread with bacon, smoked Gouda and eggs. Both meals were fabulous, but if I had to chose one I would say the omelet was superior. The sandwich was pretty straight forward, and if a place is known for breakfast, it is pretty hard to mess up. The omelet though was unlike any I have ever had. It was full of crab meat and topped with a creme fresh reduction. It was one of the best omelets I have ever had. Also both times I ordered an Iced Vanilla Chai tea with soy milk and it was really good. They have a huge drink menu though, filled with very interesting drinks that you don't see all the time. My brother in law ordered the Gingerbread Chai tea and said it was very tasty. All in all, I had a great meal both mornings and would recommend this place .
4	Brunch time!  My wife and I were definitely a fan of the Square Cafe.  This review has been a long time coming since I almost forgot I had eaten here.  FOR SHAME!We really enjoyed sitting outside on the sidewalk in the cozy little neighborhood of Regent Square while sipping Squares quality coffee and having a nice brunch.  The service was great and friendly and our food was almost very very good.  I had the Square Protein breakfast with eggs that were oozing that yolky goodness.  And my better half had an omelete with spinach and feta, she didn't speak much during the meal, so that's a plus.  LOL.  I would highly recommend spending a nice late morning/early afternoon meal outside of Square.I also heard they have tons of vegan and vegetarian options, but why?!
5	This place is straight-up legit.  One sunny winter day a few weeks back, I was lucky enough to have off from work, allowing for a heavenly 2pm brunch with my favorite person in the world.  Our meal consisted of two items: feta cheese and veggie omelet and pumpkin pancakes.  Absolutely fantastic.  So freaking good.  Makes you want to slap yo momma.Fast service, great pricing, and they bring out the ketchup and hot-sauce immediately after you ask for it.  Seriously, what more in life could you want?  The restaurant is bright and inviting.  Decor is nice, but the only thing that bothers me about this place is the fact that there are circle prints on the walls.  Doesn't seem fitting, right?  Whatever.  Keep making food like this and I'll keep coming back or more.
3	Like the great Chuck D said "Dont believe the hype"Square Cafe is situated in the bustling Regent Square area, sure to draw all the vegan-pesco-yuppielandia types. I dont mean that in a bad way, as they sure know their target market. That being said, it was OK. I had a Chorizo sort of frittata thing. Chorizo can generally make anything awesome, but the meal was fairly bland. Pumpkin pancakes were decent, though I can really make them just as good out of some mix at home.This place was packed, though we were seated very quickly. The service was quite good. You can take my review with a grain of sea salt, as I am a breakfast snob. Call the whambulance.
4	I came for brunch on a recent Friday. I had the Brussel (sic) Sprout Hash; my companion had cornmeal pancakes and a side of sausage.The hash was absolutely phenomenal. I normally experiment with different dishes, but if I return to Square Cafe, I will simply order it again. The sprouts were done as perfectly as I've ever had sprouts (tender, but with a little resistance left in them), the ham and onion provided a good counterpoint, and the ensemble was served over (quite good) grits and under a (nicely runny-yolked) egg.All the flavors worked well together, and the portion was just right for a robust brunch.My companion allowed me to sample her cornmeal pancakes, which I found to be a competent version of the offering; the berry preserves were excellent, and pairing the pancake with a bite of sausage is quite nice. The portion size was large -- we were unable finish them.She also assured me that the coffee was top-notch; I did not partake.I intend to return; if the hash is consistently this good, I may have found a new favorite brunch place.----Quick update: returned this recent Friday, had the Brussels Sprout Hash again. Was not as good as the previous trip. Sprouts were hard (needed a little more time), and the yolk of the egg was barely runny (needed less time). Hoping this was an off day for the chef, and I didn't just get lucky the first time.Update 2: returned (again) and had the hash (again), and it was prepared more correctly this time -- slightly softer sprouts and runny yolk very much in evidence.
3	This is a solid spot - good food, lots of choices. Only complaint here is that there's often a wait (because its good), and when its full the servers and kitchen are too busy too stay on track. The staff are all friendly but they need more people on busy shifts.
5	As we entered, waitress quickly made eye contact with a smile and had us a table right away. The place has energy and the paint colors and the artwork help keep it up Super friendly staff. The square mugs for coffee are a nice touch for the namesake. Coffee is typical diner coffee. OJ was fresh and cold. Tons of veggie options - tostada tofu was my choice. Crispy toasta was fine but the tofu, black bean, pepper combo was right on - the salsa tied it together, and for a nice punch, I requested olives on the side. I could do without the aioli, but that's a personal preference. Also got the Challah french toast - can you say HOLLA?!!? Very yummy. Def will be back when visiting the 'burgh again.
1	Food is really bad. They spoilt a nice morning with tasteless food that included bad breakfast and very slow service. Also the menu is expensive. Try Pamela's
1	Their food gave me and my boyfriend diarrhea.  Talked to someone at work, and they experienced the same thing.Oh, and it was overpriced ($4 for a single pancake? come on.) and not that tasty.  Easily the worst "chorizo" i've ever had.  Biscuits were bad. Service was good though.  Very friendly and attentive.  But nothing can make up for the day of misery which ensued.
5	I can't wait to go back. Went here yesterday for brunch with the hubby.  We were told it would be a 15 minute wait, but it was closer to 10 minutes which was nice.  We were seated inside and someone was over right away to take our drink order.  My husband had a sugar free vanilla latte which he enjoyed very much. He had the bacon avocado omlette and subbed mixed greens for the toast and hash browns.  He really enjoyed it and the bite that I had was delicious and chockfull of toppings.  He did think it was strange that the avocado was not incorporated during the cooking, but I prefered it that way since I don't like warm avocado. I had the short rib eggs benedict.  This was absolutely out of this world.  The hollindaise actulaly tasted light which is difficult to do considering all of the delicious fat in it.  The short ribs were plentefully and were beautifully accompnied by perfectly cooked eggs.  Like I said can't wait to go back and try more of the menu, but it might be hard for me not to order that delicious eggs benedict again.
3	The food here is okay. Not amazing enough that I would come here often but I would come here again at least once more. I ordered the pumpkin pancakes which are seasonal. I love pumpkin flavored food and basically anything pumpkin so I was a little disappointed that I couldn't really taste any pumpkin in the pancakes. They seemed like regular pancakes to me with some cinnamon, cloves, etc. The service here is very friendly though. Waitress was nice and recommended seasonal items to us. They use some kind of phone app to take orders which is pretty interesting. Since this place is a cafe they have free Wi-fi. I went on a weekday so not sure what the weekend is like but the atmosphere was very calm and quiet. Seemed like a nice place to relax and have a chat with a friend or complete stranger.
3	First time in. Tried a breakfast sandwich with chicken apple sausage and provolone. It was just ok, nothing exciting. The sandwich was really hot, or maybe specifically the eggs, and I kept burning my mouth with every bite. Not sure if I'll become a regular but might give it another try sometime (after all, I do live a few doors down).
5	I've been here for lunch/breakfast several times, I'm lucky that it's only a 15 minute walk from my apartment.The last time I came for lunch it was busy. There was a wait for a table so we sat at the bar. Ten minutes after we placed our order a woman came up to the bar and complained that her food was taking a long time, the barista kindly explained that everyone's food was taking longer than usual and it will be out as soon as it's ready.Fifteen minutes later a server came to us with two plates, but only one was correct. I told her that the dish in her other hand was not what I ordered, so she gave my friend her french toast with strawberries (which she loved). My server appeared out of nowhere and all ready knew the situation. She said that the food runner must have given us another customer's order and that my dish would take a little bit longer. I thanked her and told her it was no big deal and I didn't mind waiting. Five minutes later my asparagus and goat cheese scramble arrived, and it was well worth the wait. Although I am not a fan of sun dried tomatoes; next time I will see if they can make it without. Our server apologized profusely for the mistake. I'm a server as well, and I know these mistakes happen. It didn't bother me one bit. A few minutes later our server surprised us with 2 strawberry graham cracker milkshakes!! Although I am gluten intolerant (which she did not know), the gesture was greatly appreciated (and my friend was ok with taking mine home!).The white bean hash is my favorite thing here! It is gluten free also! It has a ton of flavor and textures and eggs are always cooked perfectly. My friend said the pumpkin spiced latte was the best she has ever had. This restaurant consistently serves quality meals with great flavor at a fair price. The servers and baristas are personable, friendly, and down to earth. Make sure to stop in and try it if you haven't!
5	How boring, another 5 star review for the Square Cafe!This place is incredible. It's always packed and once you've tasted this amazing food you'll get it. This isn't greasy diner breakfast food. It's art. Vegetarian? Vegan? Gluten-free? No problem, so is most of their menu. Daily specials often tempt you away from your original choices. Stand outs for me are the asparagus and goat cheese scramble (my stomach growled as I typed this), the square breakfast which I can get with soy chorizo(!), the breakfast burrito with homemade salsa, and don't even get me started on those pancakes. What a truly special restaurant. Only negative for me is location, I'd prefer not to get on the Parkway if I'm jonseing for breakfast. Wait in line. It's worth it!
4	My friend and I stopped here for breakfast during a very short visit to Pittsburgh. The people working there were super friendly and made us feel very welcome. We both ordered iced espresso drinks from their "Summer Drinks" menu and they were delicious without being overly sweet. I had their yogurt with honey and granola and added half an avocado (loved this option, even if it *was* a tad pricey) and a side of their chicken apple sausage and loved every bite of my meal!
5	Maybe my favorite breakfast place in Pittsburgh, which given this city's obsession with breakfast foods, says a lot.The interior is adorable, and its always busy, whether it is on a weekday morning at 8 AM or the weekend brunch crowd. Their coffee, something usually overlooked at these sorts of places, is awesome. So much better than what you get at Pamela's or Deluca's. And the food, OMG. Their Lemon Ricotta Pancakes are absolutely amazing. They are so different than anything that I have ever had. I crave them. Their cinnamon bun pancakes are also great.One thing I LOVE about Square Cafe is that you can order individual pancakes so you can mix and match to get a breakfast instead of ordering one full order.If you are in Pittsburgh for breakfast, you really should go. It is a treat!
4	The food is excellent, my favorite is the chicken and spinach crepe with Parmesan cream sauce.
4	Brought the man friend here for birthday brunch on a sunny and beautiful Thursday in the 'Burgh. I've seen the line on weekends from D's, but weekdays are a breeze. We were sat right away at a nice sidewalk table. We brought champagne, so were greeted with a pitcher of oj for mimosas. It was great, just way more oj than we needed (I am a "heavy on the champagne" type of mimosa drinker). It wasn't a big deal at all, I just felt bad for wasting.The meals were both perfect. I ordered a vegan tofu scramble, that was served with plenty of roasted veggies and mixed greens. BF got the salmon crepes, and he was in love. The food came fast and the waitress was friendly, as well as the guests around. Can't wait to go back!
4	expensive! four of us for lunch was over $100 not including tip. but so good! daily specials are awesome. pumpkin pancakes. red velvet pancakes. turkey sausage. kill me now. so delicious!
3	This is a bustling cafe with a variety of menu options to choose from. Most guests would be able to find something on the menu easily. The food here was decent but not good enough that I would come here that often. The cafe is only open until 3 pm so it's more appropriate for breakfast, brunch, lunch or meeting a friend to catch up. The prices were decent and the service was friendly.
5	I only ordered a organic coffee but this place was super fun inside and the food looked great! My coffee had great flavor. Staff was very warm and friendly. I would enjoy going back some time for breakfast. Indoor and outdoor seating both looked nice.UPDATE: I went back! I ordered the Holy Lux and it was very good smokes salmon. I loved it!!! My friend ordered the veggie crepes and that was extremely good too. Would definitely eat breakfast here next time I'm in Pittsburg
3	I don't know if their quality has gone downhill, or if I just hit it on an off day, but I was pretty disappointed today. I ordered the avocado and bacon omelet. When a menu item has the word "avocado" in the name, you expect it to come with a decent avocado, but this one was so unripe that I couldn't even cut it with a fork! If the restaurant doesn't have any ripe avocados, they should just say so when you try to order, and offer alternatives. Very unimpressed. Also, the home fries which came with the meal were kind of like cardboard, and the toast was soggy. The only good thing about the experience was the pleasant bustling ambiance and the coffee. I won't give up on Square since I've had decent meals here before, but I think they need to focus on quality control a bit more seriously.
4	This is a nice little spot for a morning or afternoon bite. I had bought  groupon earlier that week and decided to take go on a sunny friday afternoon. It's really busy on Saturday and Sundays so I try to go during the weekdays. My hubby called off on friday so I was lucky enough that he could join me. We arrived shortly before 2, found  a parking spot right in front. Lucky us! i was wearing my sweats and felt a little under dressed but i didn't let that bother me. My money is as green as the next persons. We walked into a onslaught of bright and bubbly colors. Oranges, blues, greens and my favorite color red. We walked to the bar where a barista greeted us and asked which seat we'd prefer to sit in. I liked the high back seats at the bar so we choose to sit there. The bar itself help a  lovely grey top that kind of neutralized all the bright colors and gave it a really retro feel.When our menu came i ordered the veggie omelette and my hubby ordered the omelette that comes with fingerling potatoes and some greens. My omelette was ok, nothing special but i could definitely taste all the fresh veggies but i guess the omelette had no salt or was cooked in cooking spray because it lacked that good egg flavor that only butter or oil can bring out. My hubbys omelette on the other hand was very good. Those fingerling potatoes tasted sooooo good. They were soft and perfectly cooked and blended into the omelette. My side dish was ciabatta bread and home fries and he ordered extra wheat toast with his greens(salad). I was sad about my potatoes because they came out cold and lacked that crispy crunch you enjoy when they are fresh. His salad was really good and came with a homemade lemon and oil dressing which i loved. Lemon is a flavor my taste buds cannot resist.After finishing our meals we noticed a list of espresso with some really interesting combinations. We settled on the unicorn which comes with lavender and vanilla. All i can say is mmh mmmh mmmmmmhhhh!! I'm not much of a coffee drinker but this drink tasted more like a hot chocolate than coffee. I enjoyed how smooth it was  and the barista lauren who waited on us divulged that she came up with the menu. I was very happy that she was the one who not only created my drink but served it up as well. The service was great, the atmosphere was really comfortable, I do however wish that my potatoes were fresher.
4	I heard so many great things about Square Cafe and couldn't wait to try it.  It is located on the cute street of South Braddock in Regent Square and always has a huge crowd of people waiting outside. Get there early to get a seat as it is packed on the weekends.  We went on an early Sunday morning and were able to get a seat for two outside with no wait which I wasn't expecting but it was perfect!  I had the avocado bacon omelet which was amazing-stuffed with bacon and tomatoes and topped with fresh avocado.  We also tried the breakfast tacos but beware they are super spicy.  On a past visit I had the oatmeal pancakes and French toast which were simply delicious.  Great place for kids and you can sit outside with your dog.
3	There are choices which are consistently good here, such as the lemon ricotta pancakes. However, some of the other options are a little hit or miss. For example, the last time I got the avocado and bacon omelette, the avocado was so unripe it was not possible to cut with a fork. On my most recent visit, I decided to try the breakfast tacos. While the filling was decent, the corn tortillas had been fried to the point where they were difficult to even bite through.I do like that they have an interesting menu, however I'm now a little afraid to experiment with it since my last couple of choices haven't turned out so well. I will probably stick to the pancakes or simple omelette/egg dishes in the future. Customer service seems to be good here, so let the management know if you run into problems.
5	My favorite new breakfast spot in Pittsburgh, the bacon, pancakes, and coffee were all tremendous. I liked the quirky setting and the owners and staff were all very very nice and cordial. A must recommend but get there early.
5	It really is about as good as it gets as far as breakfast joints go in Pittsburgh.  We often don't enjoy eating out for breakfast for the simple reason its often nothing special.  Square Cafe is a refreshing change of course.  They have the breakfast staples, yet manage to execute them better.  Not greasy, always fresh, and always leave happy.  They do a lot of twists to make things more interesting.  My personal favorite are their takes on eggs Benedict.  Their summer menu had it made with beef short ribs and side of salad greens.  The fall version uses crab cakes with a side of salad greens.  It is a perfect breakfast, tasty, hardy, but not overwhelming.  Their crepes, pancakes, and anything they do with smoked salmon are also great.  They have brew a great cup of coffee as well.  Their breakfast prices are somewhat more than some other establishments, but its worth it.  We always leave feeling that we made a right choice for breakfast.
5	Great coffee. Great staff.  Great ingredients and inventive menu. Prices are higher because of this...but considering the above they are worth it.
2	As cute as the Square Cafe is, it just just kind of... square. I visited the cafe during July, so my group of three wanted to sit outside. The inside was kind of tight, anyway. We waited for over 45 minutes to get a table and awkward around all of the people sitting outside but there wasn't anywhere else to stand. When we were finally seated, it took our server forever to even bring us our drinks. Later, when the food finally arrived, I was disappointed. If I'm going to wait for an hour and a half in total to get my food, it better be amazing. This was pretty average.
1	Extremely underwhelming. My Brussels sprout hash was hardly cooked. The mushrooms and Brussels sprouts were nearly raw and had no flavor. Disappointing!
3	The food was good.  I'm impressed at the number of vegetarian options!  Unfortunately the waitress that served us this morning just can't wait to get us out of there.  She gave us the check without being asked and took the plates away from the table when I asked her for more hot water for my tea.  Very unpleasant experience ..  I would give it another chance due to its vegetarian options and hopefully not have the same waitress.
5	Loved this place! Expect a small, packed dining area, with a line going out the door (dress for weather)...suck it up and wait,  it's worth it! That is, if you're looking for some creative dishes of flavor magic. These foods are DIFFERENT and I mean in a good way. I got some breakfast dish with cheesey grits, brussel sprouts, pancetta and eggs...it was perfection and who would have thought of brussel sprouts for breakfast?  This place.
5	Square is one of my absolute favorite breakfast/brunch spots in the East End. I absolutely love the square coffee mugs, and I think the coffee tastes even better just because of these adorable mugs. The atmosphere is cute, almost diner-esque, and they have an adorable litte bar when you can sit and order their signature lattes and a full breakfast/brunch/lunch if you like. They have a variety of table sizes considering the small size of the restaurant, and I have come here in groups of two, four, and six. There is plenty of room if you come early on a weekend morning.I generally order their scramble special, as my favorite Hopple Popple is not on the menu year-round. They always have delicious things that they mix into scrambles on special such as avocado, house-made chorizo, brussel sprouts, etc. The veggie omelette is delicious as well, and my sister loves adding goat cheese to it to make it creamier and even more delicious.I love coming to Square with my sisters when they come to visit. It's kind of our thing, and everyone loves it, even my picky eater sister. Though I'm not a sweet-in-the-morning person, my sister swears that the pancakes are out of this world. The signature lattes/chais are great, and the barista can adjust any of them to your preference. It's always fun to try new things at Square! Plus, because their ingredients are so fresh, you don't leave feeling sick and stuffed.
4	I went here with a new friend since she recommended it. It was a Sunday and it started snowing. The place was packed so we had to wait in the foyer type area with a heater. I didn't mind standing around and chatting as I heard such great things about this place. We were seated and quickly greeted by our waiter who was such a nice gentleman. He told us about the art on the walls and I inquired about the mugs we were drinking out of because I kind of loved them right away. I had green tea and the smoked salmon scramble. I found everything to be delicious and would go there again. The only thing I wasn't too excited about was the noise level and how closely we were sitting to two other people who I felt like were listening in to our conversation the whole time.
5	My brother and I checked out Square Cafe this afternoon after an impulse Groupon buy. We were not disappointed! The atmosphere was warm and inviting, the staff was very welcoming and very friendly, and our food was great! I had the pumpkin walnut pancakes, and he had the lemon ricotta pancakes. We sampled each other's picks, and wow! So good! Both options were just the right amount of sweet and super filling, so go hungry! We vowed on the  spot to visit again soon to try out the rest of the menu. Thanks for the great experience!
5	Went to brunch there with a friend and the food was great! My friend had a great groupon so our food was super cheap. The waitress was really friendly and served our food on time, despite the place being packed.
5	So I used to think Coca Cafe was the greatest brunch that ever there was. However, I am delighted to be proven wrong by Square Cafe. First time there (on a Sunday) our wait was less than 20 minutes, which I'd call pretty good for Pittsburgh. Our waiter set us up immediately with coffee.Let me just say - I am SHOCKED by how wonderful, and well-thought-out their menu is. As in, I cannot wait to go back and try every single item. I ordered the chicken and mushroom crepe, and it was perfect. My friend (from New Mexico) got the southwestern hash and had only the highest praise. My gluten free husband got an egg dish, and a side of gluten free fig pancakes, and rhapsodized about them.Square has unique (nonalcoholic) coffee mixed drinks! They have crepes, eggs, benedicts, pancakes, TONS of vegan and gluten free options.Honestly, do yourself a favor and get yourself there! So worth a trip!
5	I just love Square Cafe.  It is consistently wonderful. Maybe because I love going out for breakfast.  Maybe because they have such original choices on the menu. Maybe because it's in Regent Square, an area that reminds me of the old nabe in Brooklyn.  Or maybe it's the coffee served in the square mugs.  Whatever the reason, I always look forward to a Square Cafe meal.  Last time I was there, I had the root vegetable hash and eggs.  Fantastic.  When I'm there, I always wonder what a Square Cafe dinner menu would look like.  But that's just me daydreaming.  I already know it would be great.  Love you Square Cafe!
3	This is a hard review to write. I will start off with the fact that we're from Cleveland, so we only get to come to the Square Cafe a few times a year, but we have included it as our Sunday morning breakfast spot each time, so about 6 times in the past year. I've seen some changes in the food quality during that time, but maybe the past 3 times we've gone have just been off days for the cooks? I don't know. The previous visits, I could not say enough about the food, which is why we haven't given up on them. Our visit this past Sunday may have us trying out some new places on our next trip though.My boyfriend ordered the succotash hash, no egg since he tries to stay vegan as much as possible. I ordered the vegetable crepes. Our food came out, his hash was topped with eggs, we just scooted them off and he was left with a very small dish of Lima beans and corn with a few other vegetables mixed in. My crepes vegetables were barely heated. Raw onion is not appetizing at all. We left there and asked why?!? What happened to the place we visited a few months ago when we had yummy breakfast dishes and couldn't stop recommending it to friends?! I think maybe we'll take a break for a bit and then try them again, so we're not going to break up with them just yet.
5	In terms of breakfast, this is one of our favorite spots.  Among my favorite dishes are the smoked salmon scramble, crab cakes benedict, and the brussel sprouts hash.  The coffee they serve here is also very good and the mugs they use are very unique and add to the experience.
4	You can pig out AND feel healthy/hot guilty about it? Sign.Me.Up!I've been here twice and I've enjoyed both experiences.  Most recently, my boyfriend and I were here for brunch on Saturday.  We had about a 30 minute wait (y'all know my feelings about waiting for food, but it wasn't that bad) and were eventually seated in a larger booth with another two-some at the opposite end.  It would have been nice to be asked if this seating arrangement was okay, but I would have agreed regardless so I guess that's a moot point.  Anyway..I ordered the Brussels Sprout Hash and he got the Cornmeal Pancakes (with a side of bacon - can't be THAT healthy ALL the time).  The hash was delicious.  It was served over cheesy grits and had sauteed Brussels sprouts, mushrooms, and pancetta.  The grits weren't so cheesy that I couldn't actually taste the grits and the veggies were cooked so there was still some snap to them - perfect.  I just wish the Brussels sprouts were smaller and more flavorful.  These were the big honkin' ones that don't taste like much.  I hit a wall with a few forkfuls of grits left but I still managed to eat some pancakes.  They were delicious - hearty, flavorful, a little gritty (in a nice textural way), and surprisingly fluffy.  Also are gluten-free.The coffee is good and served in thick mugs.  The servers are friendly and efficient.  The bacon vanilla shake will be mine next time.
1	Went on a Sunday with a group of seven knowing it would be busy.  Things seemed to be moving fine.  After waiting for 35 minutes with two kids, the waitress told us that they cleared a table for us and were waiting for the table beside it to finish up so they could seat us.  A couple minutes later the second table finished so we were expecting to sit soon.  All of the sudden they sat another group of five at those tables when there was space for them at the bar.  We asked what was going on and their explanation was "sorry but it's Sunday".  I can assure you we will not be going back with that attitude!  Can't say what the food is like but the attitude is poor.
3	I totally love the food and vibe of Square Cafe! I love the coffee/tea mugs that are awesomely shaped. What I don't like is waiting for so long and being super crammed in to the place, feeling like I'm in the way of everybody. My two tips for the folks at Square Cafe are: 1) Get the NoWait app service! and 2) Open another location! The only reason I don't go to Square Cafe more often is that I know I'm going to have to wait for a long time and then be packed in and I know that the wait will be done through an antiquated system of waiting. I would go even more often if there were another location maybe in Shadyside/East Liberty area, since there's a lack of brunch spots there! Pleeeeease open a new location - everyone loves you! Give more people the opportunity to do so :)
4	Great crepes. We went in at five minutes to 3:00 and they close at 3:00.  They allowed us to stay and were very friendly about serving us.  I had crepes with pulled pork, onions and cheese.  It was quite tasty but moderately greasy.  Which was also not bad.  The crepes were tasty and the pork was flavorful.My son had a crabby patty (?? Crab cake on a bun...not sure what it was called). It was pretty tasty.  It wasn't the most amazing crab cake I've ever tasted, but it was certainly good.Cute little trendy diner atmosphere.  Definitely a spot to return for a weekend breakfast or brunch.
2	This is the second time I've been here and, unfortunately, my opinion has not changed. While I try my best to support locally owned, neighborhood businesses, they also have to do their part...by providing something I'd like to come back to. Service was lacking for the price and quality of the decor. Our server displayed what I can only describe as "attitude" when we politely asked for a substitution due to a dietary restriction. First she was silent for about 60 seconds and then simply said, "Ummm NO - we don't do that." Well, thank you ma'am!Also, while I appreciate the fact that they seem to have gone to lengths to put gluten-free options on the menu, unfortunately they were not the tastiest options. The gluten-free corn pancakes had a sour flavor that maple syrup didn't cover...avoid. Also, I thought the homefries my companion got with her omelette were some of the worst I've seen...they were...completely deep fried...more like tiny squares of french fries. In my experience, homefries are supposed to be made from boiled potatoes cut up and sauteed on the grill with onions, etc. and I would expect nothing less for a place that serves $12 omelettes.
5	What can be said that hasn't already been said over and over by others?This is just the place to go!Friendly staff, welcoming vibe. Only issue is it can get crowded due to lack of space--but, hey--maybe that's part of the charm.
4	Square cafe is a perfect brunch spot. As a Pittsburgh native, I'm familiar with the other local chains and this one is by far my favorite. A lot of variety and solid service. Pittsburgh restaurants tend to start out great and then slowly deteriorate over time, but Square Cafe has avoided this curse. I give it 4 stars because although the food is really good, it's nothing exceptional. Also they do not offer any alcoholic beverages ( I don't think).
5	I've been wanting to eat at Square Cafe for the longest time and last week I was able to get one of my friends to come with me to check it out. When we arrived that morning it was busy; most of the tables were filled but there was no long waiting line. My friend and I liked all the bright, colorful paintings that were hanging all around the cafe. So far so good.My friend ordered the special of the day, Turkey Devonshire, and I ordered the Omelet Ranchero. I was surprised by how quickly the food came out and I wondered, is the food any good? The food was actually better than good- it was amazingly delicious! I can't remember what was in my friend's Turkey Devonshire but he finished it in several minutes! The portions were more than adequate! I only ate half of my Omelet Ranchero because I had gotten full. My omelet had cheese and chunks of ham so I had a pretty high protein breakfast.We had a great first experience at Square Cafe and I will definitely return soon with one of siblings.
4	What a great place to go. I have only been here during the week and not normally first thing in the morning but they are always busy. We have never had to wait longer than 5 minutes for a table so you can definitely get in and out if you have an hour to spare. The menu is huge and the portions are large.  I know breakfast food does not always travel well but you will likely need a to go box. Don't think that you are going to get out of here without spending at least $10 but I still think it is worth it. The other nice thing about this place is that they offer vegan and gluten free options.
2	We've been wanting to visit here ever since we saw it was features on food channel. I really wanted to like here. But everything we ordered was a disappointment. We ordered Asparagus & Bavarian Ham crepe, pancetta omelette, and Quinoa & Lima Bean Skillet. None of these three impressed us. The price is high, the service is friendly but average. Besides their rather unique menu, and offers vegetarian and vegan dishes, the tastes were really not that great, the ingredients were not that fresh. Crepe was too dry, omelette was so-so, the quinoa & Lima bean skillet sounded fancy, but tasted strange.  Still thinks Pamela is a better choice.
4	The best thing I have ever had from them is the lime pancakes, it's not on the regular menu so I enjoy there Nutella crepes until the lime pancakes come back again
3	I really wanted to love this place as everyone raves about it. But I couldn't.There are great things about this place. The wait wasn't long at all (15 minutes for a Sunday morning!). The staff was awesome. Buuuut the food was just.. good. They do have a lot of (cringe but) "unique" options where almost everything sounds great. But I wasn't impressed.I paid Meat and Potatoes brunch prices for Pamela's quality breakfast.Breaks my french toast loving heart because this place is really cute and probably awesome for coffee and outdoor seating. Just not for me when I'm trying to do some serious breakfast.
4	I ordered the egg white omelet that had apple chicken sausage and asparagus and it was delicious. It came with fresh fruit, and was definitely filling. The coffee is great also. My boyfriend ordered the salmon crepes that were pretty good, but not worth the price. It definitely was not enough food for him. I do like there many healthy and gluten free options on the menu. It's also nice that you can order a single crepe or pancake if you want to just try one. Yes it is a little pricey, but still worth giving it a try. And like most people wrote the staff is very friendly.
5	I eat a work lunch here about once or twice a month and love it. The menu has a ton of fresh choices. I highly recommend the creamy chicken crepes (don't recall the actual name) and one of their exotic iced lattes. We've never had issues with the wait, and the atmosphere is a little crowded, but still friendly and open.
5	Why did I ever give this place less than five stars?Try the...try it all.  Funky fun and love it here.
4	I usually go to square cafe on weekends and I love the outdoor seating and that dogs are welcome. My only complaint is that I wish there was a better wait system. The location makes it difficult to wait because of the size of the space. but not much can be done about that. Food is always excellent and the service has no room for complaints. Love it!
5	Great atmosphere that is very welcoming and new. The baristas are very personable and kind. The food is five star quality and the choices range from traditional to a milkshake with bacon. I got lemon-berry ricotta pancakes and they were very good. Prices aren't cheap but aren't expensive. Great experience overall.
3	We were traveling through Pittsburgh on a road trip and some friends recommended this place as a good place for plant based, vegetarian / vegan meals. We decided to try it out. We waited 30 minutes to be seated which was okay since it seemed like a really popular place. Our waitress wasn't very welcoming. I asked if we could have plain buttered pasta for our son and she asked in the kitchen and said no special requests. I then asked if they had any raw veggies or plain fruit and she said no. My chickpea sandwich was good but my mixed greens weren't edible. The lettuce was wilted and brown, who ever made up my plate obviously didn't care about the quality of the food. I appreciate a restaurant where the menu has healthy choices but it seems that the staff and chef should be more concerned about the happiness of the customer. Wish we had went to the East End Co-Op instead.
4	Most of the stuff on the menu here is standard, but they do have some unique dishes. They also have a TON of Veg options, which is nice. I got the mushroom melt... It was ok, but a friend got the special, which was croissant french toast.. It was amazing!!!
5	Tasty! I had a smoked salmon crepe, my wife had veggie, both excellent. Close to the Frick museum, 1 hr on street parking is free****Update 7/23/2014**  Square Cafe sent me a message that the parking isn't timed, so even more reason to visit!  Also wanted to add, our waiter was excellent.
5	Gahhhh. I love this place. I discovered this awesome little joint through groupon- looked up the reviews and thought it looked awesome. My boyfriend and I went on a Saturday morning. There was a 20 minute wait; the place was packed. The inside is adorable and they have outdoor seating as well. Service was awesome- our server was very friendly but seemed frazzled and very busy (which I understand the feeling- being a server myself). She answered all of my questions and was very friendly. First and foremost they have flavored hot chocolates................ I ordered the raspberry hot chocolate. It was incredible. Chocolatey with an undertone of raspberry- incredible. I asked a question about the Nutella crepes and our waitress must have thought I ordered them- so I ended up being served one vegan fig pancake, Nutella crepes, sweet potato fries and a salad. I didn't complain. My boyfriend on the other hand ordered his usual, a western omelette. We loved everything. I LOVE that they have tons of vegan and vegetarian options... A lot of breakfast places in the burgh do not. The vegan fig pancake was unique and full of flavor. The Nutella crepes...... Do I even need to go into detail??? They were amazing... If I could order them over again I would have added bananas and strawberries... But they were awesome regardless. The sweet potato fries and salad were awesome too, but nothing out of the ordinary. My boyfriend loved his omelette and said it was one of the best he's ever had! We had a great experience here and I cannot wait until the next time we can eat here! If you have not given this place a try, I HIGHLY recommend it!
5	Bright uncomfortable sitting area. We get it, it's a happy place : -). The wait is horrible on the weekends. The food is excellent though.
5	This place is local, quaint, reasonably priced, unique, and friendly. I absolutely loved it. The sunny latte (cinnamon and carmel) is heavenly. It is a new local spot for me!!
2	Veggie omelette was way over cooked,  hard and dry ... Not good at all ... Very disappointing since I had had better food there a couple of years ago. My companion experienced the same with her omelette. So my advice ... At the very least ... Don't order an omelette ... Especially given the price.
4	A perennial favorite.  The Square Cafe always impresses out-of-towners for breakfast or brunch.  I typically order the specials, but standards like the caprese scramble never fail.  Although you may have to wait for your table on a busy weekend morning, the service is friendly.  The tables are close together, but we made friends with our neighbors.  I was a little disappointed with my most recent visit.  I ordered the polenta special, and the polenta was dry and clumpy.  That being said, the eggs over easy were perfectly cooked.  The coffee hits the spot.
5	I've had my eye on this little spot for a while and I finally got time to stop in today! Let me tell you! It's so amazing everything was wonderful from start to finish my latte, server and chicken asiago crepes were outta this world! You wolnt regret eating here.
5	By the time I'd arrived at Square Cafe I'd walked four miles through Frick Park and to two restaurants that were reportedly open but weren't (all on foot) on the fourth of July, so I figured my review might be tainted by the fact that I was ready to eat tree bark when I got here.But even once my initial hunger was satiated, it was delicious.I mean, really crazy delicious. I got chicken crepes with mushrooms and I could have eaten a second...not because they are small, but because they are the type of excellent food that encourages me to overeat. My brother got salad and pancakes (he's weird like that) his wife also got the crepes and I think he felt left out. They were that good. Super adorable interior and friendly service. And reasonable prices.When I think of places I'd like to live if I move back to PA, Regent Square comes to the top of the list and I have to give the square some kudos for factoring the neighborhood into consideration :)
5	We absolutely love Square Cafe and bring all of our out of town guests here! We impress them with how awesome Pittsburgh is when they experience the quality of food at Square Cafe. The specials are often incredible, so be sure to look into them. On a nice day, it's a great spot to sit outside and drink some iced coffee. I'd rather eat here for breakfast than anywhere! I may even need to go tomorrow now that I'm thinking about it...
5	A really cool place to go to eat, and the food is good.  They have some outside seating which is nice on beautiful days!   I had the Hazelnut Espresso pancakes, they were really good.   I'd love to go there for Brunch sometime.
5	I love this place so much. It's fantastic to have such an amazing diner in our neighborhood. I've never thought to write a review before. The food is always top notch. Never anything short if perfection. Fresh, local ingredients. Homemade and yummy...always!
3	Meh - I was so looking forward to having breakfast at the Square Cafe recently because I had eaten lunch there a few years ago and remember liking it well enough that I wanted to go back for breakfast particularly since my old standby, Quiet Storm, closed last year.   We looked at the menu prior to going and on the drive over all we talked about was the delicious options that we could have for breakfast.  We were excited to check it out.  We got there early enough that we were seated quickly and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The coffee was ok but very acidic and not a coffee that I could stomach more than one cup of.  I ordered the Chorizo Tostada and my friend ordered one of the breakfast specials which was a chicken fajita frittata.  My tostada was overly dry and flavorless but spicy (heatwise) at the same time which was a weird combination.  My friend liked her frittata okay but I guess that we were both expecting more flavor and quality given what we ended up paying for breakfast.  That being said, later that day I ended up with a headache and a little sick to my stomach and that was all I had eaten all day, so I think that maybe  something in the dish just didn't agree with me.  I will try eating there again because I'm hopeful that with all of the good reviews that they are doing something right and that maybe next time will be better.
5	cant give enough stars. the staff here is remarkable. the are friendly and kind and professional all wrapped up in one. this is a quaint little cafe that offers a nice dining experience. you can eat inside or outside. very casual.  greeted with a smile. we did take out but next time i would love to sit and enjoy the experience. try this place. you will find the diamond in the rough. thank you to the owner and staff for taking such good care of my mom and her family during her illness.
4	It's a very nice place to have breakfast/brunch with a couple of friends.  Tofu Scramble is good for those who are huge tofu fans.  Green eggs with Ham has a very unique taste which both my boyfriend and I favor!Their coffee is more than tasty which actually surprised us. Plus, bathroom is clean.I will suggest to buy their groupon first and go with the coupon.  We bought the option of $13 for $20 value and we will probably go again. Better go a little early since it's very popular and the line is long.  Wait was 20 mins for us three - we got there before ten and it was pouring !!By the time we were out of it, the line got even longer. So better go early !!  Serve is nice :P
2	Oh, Square Cafe. I wanted to like you so badly. I've been meaning to come here for years. Then I moved to Chicago, and on subsequent visits to Pittsburgh never made it to Square Cafe. Recently, I saw a Groupon for this restaurant and decided to use it on my trip to Pittsburgh this weekend. I was looking forward to it; the menu looked great and the reviews were good. I went there yesterday, and my entire family was disappointed.Service was okay -- not the most attentive in the world, but it was decent. The food, though, wasn't good. I had the lemon-berry ricotta pancakes, which weren't cooked all the way through. The middle in two of the three pancakes was uncooked batter. My mom said her hamburger tasted like a frozen patty from the grocery store and had a strange aftertaste. My dad's eggs were cold. And my brother, who will usually eat everything on his plate, ate less than half of his chorizo tostada. My brother and I took our meals in to-go boxes (I figured I could heat up the pancakes the next day and fix the problem of them not being cooked all the way through, but I tried to eat them this morning and they still tasted bad). My mom's burger was mostly uneaten, and to his credit the server asked if there was a problem. My mom said she didn't like it. Most restaurants would take it off the bill at that point, but Square Cafe didn't.I'm giving it two stars because the restaurant is cute and the coffee is pretty good. I asked for a to-go cup for my leftover coffee, and the server actually brought me a to-go cup of fresh coffee, which was very nice of him. That was one of the few things that bumped this review up to two stars.Also, it's expensive ($50 for four people before the Groupon). My dad said later that we could have gotten similar, better-tasting food for half the price somewhere else.
5	My first visit to the Square Cafe was fabulous. We were there on a beautiful, sunny Monday and it wasn't too busy. We were seated quickly and our server was prompt and friendly. The atmosphere was so nice--everyone seemed relaxed and happy. Our food was great...there's something for everyone. I have not one bad or even ambivalent thing to say. Would DEFINITELY go back.
5	Great breakfast and coffee. The restaurant itself is really cute. There's a chalkboard people draw on in the bathroom too, which is not super special or anything, I know, but it's the little things that make cafes like this fun. There's a nice coffee bar to sit at if you're by yourself too. I had the short rib omelette which was very good. The coffee is good too and they come in these cute "square" mugs. Seating is indoor and outdoor, but if you're sitting outside there are some awkward moments when people are parallel parking next to you. Otherwise, it's fine. As with any brunch place in a trendy neighborhood, be prepared for a wait on weekends! On weekdays, seating is plentiful, and they open early.
5	After seeing the Groupon available every time I open the app to check for deals, I finally caved and bought it! Not to mention that my fellow Yelper Meghan B. adores this place so I wanted to try it out. I'm so glad I did!We went on a Friday afternoon and I was surprised by how packed it was. We ended up sitting outside just so we didn't have to wait. We didn't mind, though. The outdoor seating is pretty cute! Our server was prompt and friendly and understood that we were going to order a lot due to having a $40 towards food (we only paid $20 for it!).I wanted to try something different, but after an awesome chest day at the gym, I wanted some meat and ordered a burger. It was awesome! Now, the patty did appear to be frozen, however the garlic toasted bun and beautifully positioned toppings totally made up for it. Nothing wrong with frozen patties, but I just expected it to be a little more gourmet. Not complaining. It was still very good considering the place isn't a burger joint. I had a side of fries that were crispy and delicious and cole slaw that wasn't too heavy. We also ordered a Nutella/Strawberry crepe. It was my first time ever trying a crepe and I fell in love! I'm not really one for super sweet meals, so I don't think I would order this as a breakfast entree, but it totally hit the spot after my burger. We also split a Chunky Monkey pancake. Wow! Not too sweet, but just sweet enough. You really didn't even to use much syrup. It had bananas, chocolate chips, whipped cream and topped with coconut. I have officially fallen in love with this place and can't wait to go back and introduce more people to this delicious goodness! It's a shame it's only open till three, but from the looks of it, they make enough during the morning and afternoons to close their cash registers comfortably.
5	Favorite breakfast spot in my life right now!!!! I crave the lemon berry pancakes regularly. Deliciousness. Manfriend enjoys the omelet specials and frittatas too. Tasttttttyyy indeed.
5	Review update! I returned twice in the past month (yes, I'm obsessed) and tried their crepes as a brunch item, rather than their strictly breakfast items. Their asparagus and Bavarian ham crepe is incredible! The asparagus was prepared just right and the flavors all together was a party in a mouth. The asiago cream sauce was to die for as well. I basically licked the plate clean. Same goes for the chicken and wild mushrooms crepe as well. The same sauce was served with this crepe and the flavors were wonderful. Have to say my favorite out of the two was definitely  the asparagus and Bavarian ham crepe. Service is always awesome! And I just had to purchase one of the awesome mugs, $18 may be a little pricey for one- but they are hand made and unique ! This place deserves nothing less than 5 stars:)!
4	This is a great little spot in Regent Square that serves breakfast all day and fresh diner/lunch items. This place is gluten-free, vegetarian and vegan friendly as well. You can order a lot of additions to your meals with a nice a la carte menu. My mom loves the gluten free pancakes (made from buckwheat), omelettes, and pretty much all of the sides. In terms of food allergies, there are quite a few options no matter what your allergy is. I stuck to the fresh salads and was pleased to find out that a few of their salad dressings are soy-free. Those of you with soy allergies know how rare this is. I absolutely loved the mixed green salad with strawberries and balsamic vinaigrette. Give this place a try but be prepared to wait during the lunch rush!
5	I've eaten here numerous times. The food is amazing. Service is friendly. Shakes are delicious. Great atmosphere. It never disappoints.
4	First time back in Pittsburgh and this was a brunch place my friend suggested. They offered many different flavored lattes, scrambles and pancakes. My husband and I got the lemon ricotta blueberry pancake and uncle Charlie's scramble. I liked the pancake more than the scramble. The pancakes were light, fluffy and not too sweet. The scramble was a little plain.
3	I love this place and have visited frequently to try their different menus. The Square Cafe has a seasonal rotating menu that uses mostly local seasonal ingredients. It is only open for breakfast and lunch, closing daily at 3pm. They have an awesome coffee bar with great specialty drinks, but no alcohol. Bloody Mary and Mimosa-seekers must go elsewhere. This place is very accommodating for different dietary needs like vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free. Menu items that accommodate special dietary needs are clearly labeled, and many dishes can altered to fit your diet. I'm a pescatarian (vegetarian + seafood)  and while this place has absolutely delicious smoked salmon incorporated into most seasonal menus, I usually order vegetarian because the options are so numerous and interesting. They always have great scramble options mixed up with delicious fresh vegetables and cheese, and dishes usually come with a side of toast or mixed greens. The mixed greens don't really thrill me, so I usually substitute rye toast with no issues. My favorite item on the menu is the nutella crepes with carmelized apples. My boyfriend and I split an order of these every time we come here. The crepes are perfectly cooked and extra thin, and the apples just blow me away. Make sure you order CARMELIZED apples though. Once I forgot that crucial qualifier and ended up with raw apples (even though this is not an option on the menu). They were not nearly as good--not even close--but I ate them and didn't say anything since it was really my fault for ordering wrong. My only complaint with the square cafe is the prices keep creeping up every season. What started off as a place where dishes range from $8-$12 has quickly crept up in price to a place that ranges from $10-$15. Every season when they add a new menu, the prices go up ever-so-slightly. For a place that is only open for breakfast and lunch and doesn't serve alcohol, these increases are a little annoying and I have been going here less and less often. I hope the prices stabilize a bit so I can continue to frequent this place, but I'm fast-approaching the tipping point. I want to give this place 4--heck, even 5--stars, but the constant price increases are a huge problem for me.
3	I went here for lunch with my sister. I have been wanting to go here since they offer vegan options. It's a quirky and young cafe. I first ordered the johnny cakes with bananas and chocolate chips. On the menu they were marked as vegan, so I was excited. When it came out my sister noticed a slab of butter on the plate, so I took it back. It turns out that they're not vegan and the menu was misprinted. They didn't even know, and I had to show them. I also think the menus were their new fall menus as well. But they were nice about it, and I got the actual vegan fig pancakes instead. It was an inconvenience and they need to fix it. I also wish they had more vegan possible options on the menu. My sister ordered the crab crepes without a problem. Both of our meals were still good, they just new to fix their vegan/vegetarian items on their menu.
4	This is truly a great place to brunch (and I know my brunch: see my list for further details). I've only been here twice, mostly because it's a bit further away than other places in the East End and also because the wait here is generally a day and a half. The wait makes me want to bump this down to three stars, but I don't think I can because of the quality of the food and service. When I brunched here two weeks ago, they event put out blankets on all of the seats outside to keep the brunchers warm! But seriously, the people who work here are very nice. I've gotten the pumpkin pancakes (yyyyuuuuummmmm) and some sort of banana chocolate pancakes (double yum). And I love the cute coffee mugs they have for coffee and tea. I'll continue to stop in here once in a blue moon for my brunch needs.
5	This place is cute an kitschy and hip all at the same time! They are very, very vegetarian and gluten-free friendly and helpful with substitutions on almost any menu item. I love the Brussels sprouts galore this fall, and lots of healthy veggie options.There's a cute latte and milkshake menu, and bottomless coffee from kiva han.My tofu scramble was light but filling, and the hot sausage burrito was perfectly filling and spicy without overdoing it. This is one of the very rare places that could please me and my family if we came here as a group... That is rare!
5	Came with a party of six and left with six happy smiles. Each of us ordered completely different meals and we were all extremely satisfied.
3	Really a 3.5.We did brunch/breakfast on a Saturday, and the menu is certainly well conceived, and stretches beyond the normal eggs, bacon, and hash. There are some great combos (brussel sprouts and lima bean hash), and some great egg combos with great cheese options beyond the norm. Service is good, execution of the dishes is good enough, but the rating would be better if they pulled off a few of the option with a bit more quality - it is busy on the weekend AMs - but I would recommend it to anyone. Pretty good stuff.
5	If the line is not out the door we love Sunday breakfast here. Delicious sweet andsavory selection. the coffee is fresh and better than most places. All the servers/baristas are friendly and helpful. Menu changes frequently so I can't really recommend what is my favorite. If you go on a Sunday be ready for a decent wait 30 mins after they open.
3	Hippie menu, small portions and no attention to presentation. I ordered the tofu hash while my friend ordered the breakfast sandwich. I was so disappointed when the plate came out, more than half the plate consisted of..plate. There were 3 brussels sprouts (not exaggerating) and a few potatoes with tofu thrown together. I've made hash better and it was cheaper. The sandwich was dry and small, barely enough to feed a child.
4	Jumping local breakfast joint, and one of the very few places in Pittsburgh to get a vegan breakfast. I ordered the the vegan pancakes, with fig compote, which were great. What was disappointing was that there were only 2 vegan mains on the menu (quite a few more were vegetarian). I also got a side of fruit, which was OK, although the grapes might have been a little moldy. The coffee was great though. Gf's breakfast burrito (not vegan) apparently was pretty bland, and because of the limited options, I can't give it 5 stars. Still, for vegans, this is still one of the best places to go. Just go early, since it's very busy.
4	Let me just start by saying that it is extremely hard for me to have a relaxed dining out experience. I have absurd food allergies, all with anaphylactic symptoms, so I carry my Epi-pen on me at all times as if it were a part of my body. At Square Cafe, I achieved what I would call the perfect dining out experience for breakfast. They are sensitive to dietary concerns, allergies, and intolerances and their menu is unique and offers up some delectable options for everyone. I devoured the goat cheese, sun dried tomato omelet scramble and sipped on an almond milk latte. Both were a true delight for my taste buds. Pros:-Almond milk option for coffee-Delicious food and drinks-Blankets if you sit outside and get cold-Outdoor seating Cons:-They charge extra $$ for almond milk, however, it is not posted on their menu or their blackboard above the barista bar anywhere.-Very tight indoor seating, cramped location-If you are going with a group, if your full party is not there, they will seat others before you even if you put in your name.
3	I had been looking forward to trying out this place after hearing great things from friends and seeing rave reviews on Yelp. The first time I went was with the groupon. I had their home fries, breakfast chicken quesadilla and the walnut pumpkin pancake. The pancake was amazing - not overly sweet but delicious and satisfying. The quesdilla could have used a little more cheese and hence was a little dry but it was quite hearty. My BF thought the home fries were the best he had ever had, I thought they were good too ;) I thought it was a great deal with the groupon savings.The second time I went without a groupon and paid full price. This time it seemed a little pricey. I got the mint hot chocolate which was very yummy, but it wasn't nearly as hot as it should have been. I went more classic with the breakfast sandwich which was fine enough, but was a little disappointed that not of the entrees really came with home fries, which is usually standard at breakfast and brunch places. Together the rather basic sandwich, small bowl of cold home fries and hot chocolate was $20+. It was good, but I probably won't go again without a deal or groupon.Waits on the weekends are quite long and its very busy. The second time we went on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving around 10 AM and were seated at the last empty table at the time.
5	Another fun find due to a groupon offer.  The food was fantastic.  I had the quinoa lima bean dish which has an over easy egg on top.  Unbelievably good   I am looking forward to going back.  The restaurant itself was cramped, and it looks like it is usually very busy.  It is so cramped that a guy getting out of his seat hit my arm which was holding the coffee cup from which I was drinking.  It jammed the coffee cup against my lip and spilled some coffee.  So be careful!!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Pittsburgh! It has such a cool atmosphere, and the food is absolutely delicious. The lemon blueberry ricotta pancakes were fantastic. I also recommend the white chocolate ginger milkshake, which I got the last time I was here. I'll always make the trip out to Regent Square when I'm in town to get in some good, healthy, vegetarian food.
5	This place was wonderful! We came in on a Friday morning and the place was packed. Luckily, we were just a party of 2, so we were still seated immediately. The service was good, we always had coffee and water. I got the Hopple Popple, which was really delicious. The cheese was on point, and the eggs, potatoes, peppers, ham and onions were really well seasoned. My boyfriend got the basic breakfast, and the homefries were really good -- and a tad bit spicy, which was great. I'd totally come here again!
5	First and foremost it needs to be mentioned that hipsters flock to this place as if they were handing out penny free trade coffee and slightly worn had knitted sweaters. Be prepared to stand in line for at least 15 minutes to get seated. Other than that the food and coffee here is amazing. Seriously the last unicorn lavender latte is one of the best coffees I've had. This place is just the right mix of gourmet and comfort food.
5	I had heard so many great things about this place, so when Tim suggested it for brunch on Saturday, I immediately grabbed the car keys. We opened our brunch with a specialty latte. My Sunny Chai was heaven in a cup. His Cinnamon Bun was a softer, more subtle flavor. For food, I ordered the Chorizo Crepes. I was upset because they were so delicious, but incredibly spicy. I couldn't take more than a few bites. I had some rye toast to tide me over. Tim had the special - Short Rib Benedict - a brioche bun topped with short rib, an egg, and hollandaise sauce. OH MY. It was the most delicious thing I'd ever had for breakfast. We finished up with some coffee and singing.The atmosphere of the Square Cafe is so on point - bright, cheery, merchandise for sale, attentive and fast service, delicious food, and a great music playlist.
3	My friend and I have been trying to come to Square Cafe for a year.  Last year, she made a reservation for my birthday, and when we called to verify, they said they couldn't guarantee us a seat.  Uh... what is the point of a reservation then?  We finally tried Square Cafe for the first time a few weeks ago.I ordered a breakfast burrito, known as Uncle Charley's Hot Sausage Breakfast Burrito ($10.99), and my friend ordered the leek, asparagus, and cheese frittata ($9.29).  My breakfast burrito was good and tasted delicious, but the portion was very small for the price.  I ate the entire thing with no issues, and I weigh just over 100 pounds.  My friend's frittata wasn't very good, though, and the side of grits she ordered were just ok.  The food was good but not notable enough for me to be dying to come back.Our server was a nice guy who explained the menu really well.  When he brought over the bill, we found out there was a pay it forward chain going through the restaurant.  We paid it forward in the server's tip, but it's cool that this place is into that kind of thing.  The ambiance is good!A big problem:  It was really cold in the restaurant because despite having double doors, they propped the second set of doors open, which let all of the seventeen degree air into the space.  This was the difference between 3 and 4 stars for me.  I cannot enjoy a meal when I'm cold.I really wanted Square Cafe to be the trendy cafe where I could regularly enjoy brunch, but in the end, it's just ok.  I would come back if someone suggested it, but I don't think I would come back here on my own.
