4	Pretty espresso mocha. The art stays together while you drink.Uncrowded with tables and chairs. Maneuvering a stroller is not a problem.
4	At one point in time, I used to go to Crazy Mocha to get out of the studio during the day. It's literally across the block. Matt opened Espresso a Mano in July, and I've not been back to Crazy Mocha since. I don't even like coffee. Or at least I didn't.I told Matt this - he's tending the bar while running the business - and he was more than helpful in making some suggestions. He presented me with some Brazilian espresso that had all sorts of crazy tones to it.  I'd order it or a cappuccino every time I visited, 2 or 3 times a week. Sadly, it was a seasonal thing and I miss it now. So I drink espresso now. The vibe is perfect, though a few more chairs could be nice. There seems to be a great balance between an in-and-out espresso joint and a community hangout. Many coffee shops have a cubicle-like atmosphere where people drift off into laptops and cyberspace, plugged up by headphones, ignorant of the affairs around them. There are always people in the shop, many of which are engaged in conversation at the small tables (spaciously arranged) and some who'll be chatting at the bar with Matt as they quickly finish a drink. There is occasionally a laptop army, but even then, I've found them to be surprisingly talkative to those around them. Who wants to talk jquery deprecation?
5	I spend a lot of time working in coffee shops. Espresso a mano (aka Matt's) is my new favorite. I like it so much that I'm willing to chalk up the half-hour drive as a *necessary commute*. This long-anticipated Lawrenceville shop does not disappoint with its shockingly affordable gourmet coffees, dependable (free) WiFi, and simple urban ambiance. The place closes early, so plan to check it out after brunch rather than after dinner. And keep an eye out for special events -- things could get pretty interesting at espresso a mano.
4	Great owner, coffee, interior, and neighborhood. Please support EAM!What's to love?--The espresso is very good. They really care about purveyors, flavor, latte art, etc.  If you've ever had espresso drinks in the Pacific Northwest, you'll recognize the style here.  --The owner and baristas are great.  Good attitudes, very friendly, and an obvious commitment to contributing positively to the neighborhood's overall development.--The interior has...wait for it...design!  Great art on the walls, cool furniture, nice exposed brick, and a handy garage door front.  There are definitely other places in Pittsburgh that have well thought out style and design elements.  But compare EAM to a place like 61C, where the interior looks cheap and plain (and is often less than spotless), or to Crazy Mocha which looks like something a group of drunk clowns designed.  (I should add that I think Crazy Mocha has decent drinks at good prices--it's their interior I object to).--It's in lower Lawrenceville, so the location is rad.What's not to love?IGNORE--I'm not crazy about the cheap whiteboard menu.  Perhaps it's temporary, but it's an eye sore that patrons are forced to look at.--The pastries kinda suck, and they're in an ugly plastic case.  Surely there's a better source of croissants and muffins in da Burgh.--A very minor thing: the lock (the kind at the tip of the door knob) in the men's restroom is no good.  I can never really tell whether the door is locked or not.  I like a bolt or a latch.  Like I said, very minor detail.If it weren't for the pastries, I would have given this place 5 stars.  But forget the pastries--please support EAM!!!***It's only fair to update and say that the plastic whiteboard is gone and has been replaced with a great, classic black chalkboard menu. Viva EAM!
5	This is a must have every time I am in Larryville.  I went here one day on the recommendation of a friend who works in the area, and I was not disappointed! The storefront is quiet and relaxing, not crowded, and very welcoming.   The owner and his staff are very helpful and make a great cup of coffee!  So far I have just been doing lattes and cappuccino,  but I am going to explore the different beverages since I have been frequenting this place once or twice a week. A great surprise was when it started to warm up a bit - the entire front opens up as it is a garage door!   I love any form of outdoor seating so even though theirs is limited - you still get a nice breeze while enjoying your drink!   I am all about atmosphere and great coffee so this is definitely one of my Pittsburgh favorites.
5	Two cheers for Lawrenceville!My capuccino was great (dense, wonderful foam, quality coffee) and the space is lovely and conducive to working (with outlets and wi-fi).  Two gentlemen provided excellent, mellow, accompaniment on their acoustic guitars, and inspired me to give them more money than I have given to such a performer in many years.  And perhaps just as important, everybody here was just REALLY NICE.  Capuccino and chit-chat were provided with a smile that appeared to be genuine.  If I lived here, I would be a regular.
5	I love their spro/latte, design, and baristas. perfect latte most of the time...This is one coffee shop worthwhile going all the way there no matter which part of pittsburgh you are from!As for pastries.... matt, can you consider getting something from la gourmandine just down the street?
5	Espresso a mano is now part of my daily "grind". Matt is very friendly and makes a great latte. He puts emphasis on the quality of the coffee and the art of making espresso drinks. You can tell he knows all when it comes to coffee. The taste reminds me a lot of cafe's in Europe. The french pressed coffee has an amazing flavor. The shop is laid back with chill music and art. Definitely a local friendly vibe from all its guests. I would recommend this place to coffee drinkers anywhere!!!
5	No one takes as much pride in their coffees as Espresso a Mano.You'll be guaranteed  to get the highest quality cup for very reasonable prices. The staff are very friendly while professional and are obviously connoisseurs of their trade. The shop has a very comfortable, warm, neighborly, community vibe but is welcoming to all. It is cozy enough to hang out and chill while being professional enough for a meeting or interview. Free WI-FI!!!
5	One of the best espresso drinks I've had ... ever.  Even counting the multiple lattes per day I had in an effort to try as many coffee shops as possible on a recent trip to Seattle.  And if you've been to Seattle, you know there is some damn good espresso out there.So, rock on, Espresso a Mano!  Awesome espresso, awesome atmosphere, awesome people.
5	Um WOW!This is by far and away the best coffee I've had in ages, and I live in NYC!While we waited for Cafe Coca to call us when a table opened up we hung out here and had a cup of coffee. Great choice!Love the decor, brick, metal and wood all mixed together in a lovely space made to look like a garage. Lots of art on the walls and happy patrons reading and chatting.My mocha was out of this world and the staff was awesome!
4	Friendly spot at "Da Strip" end of Lawrenceville. Good coffee and comfortable seating.
5	tried this place during a wknd trip to pittsburgh. great, great stuff. had a chai latte and a capp. both delicious, both beautifully prepared. will be back, im sure.
5	Best espresso and cappucino in Pittsburgh if not the State. Low pretense level with top quality beans, equipment and staff knowledge. The best.
5	The most important thing to have in a coffee shop is good coffee.  But for me the most important thing to have in a coffee shop is always its chai tea latte.  I can confirm for you here and now that their chai is outstanding!  I think it has to do with the great chai ingredients they use and lots of love (aw, I know) that's put into making it!It's great that it's locally owned and you can tell.  The owner and his staff go out of their way to make you feel comfortable by serving up some killer drinks and friendly service.  That's why it's such a great place to grab a coffee and stay to meet friends or work for the day.  The summer is especially nice for a stay because their front is actually a garage door that opens up into the street.  Plus the other key to a fantastic coffee house...comfy chairs!  I can confirm their cushy-ness is up to lounging standards.  For all you coffee fans I have heard that the coffee is pretty great too.  I'm positive that if you stopped by it would warm your tummy and your heart.  Extra awwwww!
5	Best pull in pitt.The staff is smart and friendly.  It's a clean and quiet place on butler, where it's easy to park.  i don't get any of the fancy drinks here, I go for either espresso or machiatto and I've never been disappointed.  Only once did my girlfriend's cappuccino taste a tad flat, I'm guessing the milk didn't open up completely .  Either way, the best espresso.
5	Love love love . Pure joy. Best coffee house in Pittsburgh. I have tried as many as have opened and closed over the past 20 years of espressos in the burgh..machiatos iced machiatos mochas every thing they serve has been  amazing. always friendly and helpful staff. They had  amazing  all natural energy bars on a recent visit.
5	Outstanding coffee. We did not stay inside, but the interior was cozy. The staff were friendly.What can I say. Go there for the coffee.
5	God bless Saturday mornings. Saturdays are my favorite day of the week because that's when the fun happens (Sundays are for errands, natch). I like to welcome every awesome Saturday with a latte from here (sometimes, even on the most rad of Saturdays, this ends up being the best thing I do).Let me also say that I was born and raised in Seattle so my coffee claims, while probably not worth much more than yours because we all have taste buds, should be taken as law. Espresso a Mano serves the best latte in the land, best latte I've ever had, and best latte available on planet earth (or in Pittsburgh, whichever). Their cappuccinos and Americanos are pretty good but I love the creaminess of lattes. On warm days they open the front wall of the shop up so you can catch the breeze (even into late fall, which feels cool and cosmopolitan somehow) and there's seating on the sidewalk. The tables are dotted with trendy people reading/writing/using laptops, but it's not pretentious. Yeah, there's exposed brick and austere art prints, but there's nothing stuffy or snobby about the staff. The baristas always make their small-talk feel unforced and even though the line moves fast everyone gets their own little foam flower. Nice touches like that make Espresso feel just a little better than all the other coffee shops in the hood.
5	Great tunes, happy baristas, creative environment, top notch coffee & a scrumptious selection of whole leaf teas. Love the brick walls and seemingly cozy "warehouse/garage" appeal. It was snowing when I visited, but in the summer I can imagine that the glass wall rolls up like a garage door, and the whole place enjoys the fresh open air. I spent 4hrs here the first time I got SO comfortable with my ambience. Enjoy, it's a win!
5	Great coffee, and friendly staff.  These guys take their coffee seriously.This is not the place to order a decaf soy nonfat banana mocha frappuccino. Take that mess back to Crazy Mocha.  Go here for expertly prepared espresso drinks.
5	This is my first stop to get coffee. It's about a mile or so down the street from me so it's a pleasant walk. The garage doors offer a nice, open environment reminiscent of Coffee Tree Roasters in Shadyside but with much better coffee.Matt, the owner, knows his coffee as well as his customers. I had a little stint where I went almost every day to write and he quickly remembered that I had a preference for a large cafe latte.A certified barista, Matt shows it off with his amazing latte art. Not only are his skills awesome, he makes sure everyone he hires is just as good. I've never had a bad cup of coffee from Espresso a Mano. I put it alongside Tazza D'Oro as Pittsburgh's best coffee.The ambiance, however, gives Matt and Espresso a Mano the edge. You can't beat a cool breeze and a latte on a nice, summer day in Lawrenceville.
5	I always get Tazza D'Oro and Espresso A Mano confused, but in this case it's not really a bad thing considering they're two of my favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh. Just recently taking the day to write and enjoy the sun after a long Pittsburgh winter inside Espresso A Mano was very enjoyable. The atmosphere is laid back and there's plenty of space to move around and work, even when the house is full. I just recently discovered that they provide sandwiches which are delivered by the people behind E squared which means they're nothing short of delicious. The coffee, as always, has a rich flavor and there are many ways to order it depending on your taste as the staff has extensive knowledge in preparing a good cup of coffee (or any variation of). Also, for your convenience, the wifi is free for 2 hours, but you can ask a barista for a code if you need to work beyond that time.
5	I have searched and searched for a latte like I found in 2008 in Costa Rica & FINALLY I found it!!! I went here based on reviews I saw on Yelp, because I always trust my fellow Yelppers! ;) The place is cute & comfy! I got my latte from the barista who completed my drink with latte art....love it! Then I chatted it up with the barista & the owner, Matt. I sat for an hour and half studying for an upcoming test & people watching. Matt knew everyone by name & even remembered mine as I walked out the door.Now to the drink...I got the middle sized latte with 1 equal. The "texture" of the frothed milk was perfect...it felt cozy if that makes sense..... The taste was GREAT, the latte perfect. There was nothing bitter about the latte and it was the perfect consistency & taste with just the right amount of foam.This place is great for the coffee, the owner, the people, the free street parking & I even noticed people getting food.
5	I was so happy to find such a great little spot in Pittsburgh. I'm always huffin' n puffin' over never finding places I love as much as the places in the SF Bay because I'm sort of a brat. I think I found my Third Place in Pittsburgh. AND the barista nerded out with me HARD. One thing the bay will never have on Pittsburgh: friendliness. After 11 years out west I'm realizing how friendly and unpretentious this part of the country is and it's making me so very happy. Omg, I forgot to mention that the coffee is great. You can get all coffees hand poured. And my breve cappuccino was excellent.
5	All I have to say is best iced mocha ever! Atmosphere, staff and all that is great too, but get the mocha :)
5	So with a glimpse of summer, I transitioned to an iced cafe latte with 2 equal on one trip and.......it exceeded expectations...everything is so smooth & creamy here! I have also had several pastries. All have been delicious, but the cranberry lemon scone was knock your MAMA out kinda scone...you know... tastes so good you wanna fight someone?!?!?!  I cannot express how much I love this place & EVERY single person I have met that works there. It is such a great atmosphere.
5	Best espresso in Pittsburgh!It also doesn't hurt that they have a great location and staff.
5	Best coffee place ever.  Matt, the owner, remembers your name and your order, and even remembers my dog.  The amazing friendly staff does too!They have outside seating, bike racks that often double as dog tie-ups (with a water dish near by), and one wall is a garage door, so it's perfect for warmer weather. This is extra nice because they are also always packed with people!
5	White board menu, gone. Replaced with a classic, simple chalkboard menu.Single/double espresso distinction, gone. It's now just one size of awesomeness.Pastry selection is more diverse.And a new La Mazzocco, which is churning out espresso that is even better than it already was.5 stars.
5	I love this place.  The staff are very friendly and seem to want to get to know their customers. The atmosphere is nice, with a large garage door that is kept open in nice weather and good coffeehouse music playing. Their coffee is delicious with a variety of options to choose from. Their pastries and sandwiches are also very tasty. I work directly across the street from this place and I am so glad they opened up last summer.
4	This place gets it right with amazing coffee, friendly baristas, and a great atmosphere. Other places in Pittsburgh may have one of these (or maybe even two!) but, certainly not all three.A great pit stop while walking around lower Lawrenceville.
5	What can I say about this place other than I love it!  I've been in Pittsburgh now for 9 years and this is my FAVORITE coffee shop in Pittsburgh to date (no thanks, Crazy Mocha).  A close second is la Prima in the Strip District.  More about me - I'm a coffee snob.  Plain and simple.  We get free Starbucks, Seattle's Best, and some generic gourmet blend at work and I refuse to drink them.  Yeah, I'm that guy (bring my own coffee to work).So, the coffee shop.  It gets an A for ambience. There's always some trendy but laid back music playing gently over the sound system.  There is a garage door with windows directly facing the street, and this thing is ALWAYS wide open whenever the weather is nice.  The tables are small and few in number and they are placed intimately next to each other lining the brick walls on both sides of the shop (there are some comfy couches in there as well).  The coffee.  Well, it's the best.  Seriously.  I've had coffee at coffee shops throughout Europe and Costa Rica and this is the only coffee that competes.  Matt, the friendly owner, only serves quality beans that vary on a daily basis.  Don't even get me started with the espresso.  His cappuccinos and other steamed drinks are made with love, man!  He (and the other baristas) make each cup with perfection, making sure to drizzle and swirl that steamed milk into the cup over the espresso, achieving that picturesque swirly pattern that suspends elegantly on the surface of your cup.  You can choose from three different brewing methods: standard drip, espresso, or french press.  The coffee is always perfectly brewed, with crisp, bold flavor and consistent temperature in every cup I've had (I've had probably over 30 now).If you're a local, give this place a shot for SURE, you have no excuses.  If you're a visiting coffee snob on business or other travel, the coffee downtown just... can't compete.
5	when i was last in rome, i had espresso every morning at the counter of the local coffee joint every morning like a don.  ever since i got back the burgh, i have been looking for a spot to get good espresso with no real luck.  until i went to espresso a mano.the first time i ordered espresso there, the barista made it twice and tossed it because she wasn't happy with the quality.  the third try?  amaaaaazing!  gotta love a barista that actually takes pride in her job and is great at it!add to that the fact that the music is good and there is a nice (although maybe a little too quiet), open-air atmosphere AND there are monks there from time to time AND they hold normal coffee hours, and this is my favorite new spot in my hood.
5	Espresso a mano is my favorite place for coffee in all of PIttsburgh. If I lived any closer to the place, I would be in danger of becoming a regular in the style of Norm from Cheers.Located in Lawrenceville, Mano takes coffee very seriously while simultaneously creating an atmosphere perfect to relax, slow down, and enjoy your drink. The walls are dark, but filled with paintings and photographs. The darkness of the walls is offset by garage door storefront that is kept open whenever weather permits and has large window panes to let light in when the weather does not permit. There are a number of chairs and small tables inside and out as well as a very loungey couch in the back if you feel like sitting for awhile (it is quite low and very comfortable). The baristas are super friendly and helpful and it is the kind of place that I feel like I could order hazelnut in my latte if the mood struck me without the barista judging me for my life choices. You can order your drinks to go, but why would you want to do that when you could have a most enjoyable time there.
5	Five stars for espresso is a rarity for me. Feeling like it was above and beyond five stars is even more of a rarity. Both came true at one place in Pittsburgh last week. 10 years of drinking coffee, five years working at Starbucks and one year working at a small coffee shop... I can say proudly, like a snob, I know what I'm talking about. Don't hate! Just read on...Espresso a Mano makes espresso that is amazing, affordable (2.75 for a Cappuccino!!!!) and with friendly service! (mean hipsters found no where) The menu only has about five items on it, and everything is only one size. It's all perfect. The barista made me a fabulous cappuccino with a heart on it. I will be back. I will want more and I will be a regular...twice a year.
5	A garage door cafe in Pittsburgh?  Wow, things are starting to look up around here.  It's a little awkward since the vibe is definitely regular customers who are here to do work with headphones in their ears.  All in all, it's a great little urban cafe.
5	Lots of people are saying this place is best in the burgh. I did a mental inventory and I think I'd put it up there with any place I've been globally. Just went back to Seattle and visited the places I consider to be the best in the world (vivace etc.) and Matt's spot is right up there.Things that make it awesome:Outrageously good steamed milk. It just doesn't get better than this. If you go in and order an americano, you're wrong.Lovely global selection of thoughtfully sourced beansAlways friendly staff that remembers your name (and if you come enough your drink)Plenty of space and fast, free wifiI love it here. I may step out of work right now to procure a delicious coffee beverage..
5	Who does pour overs? Espresso a mano. Amazing. The owner of the shop did my pour over and we talked about his shop a little bit. We had a friendly conversation about how long they had been open (a little over two years) and what makes a pour over so great. He was very knowledgeable and happy to talk about his plans for the shop. They also serve an excellent selection coffees like Intelligentsia and Counter Culture which they do by drip, french press, or pour over.Both the staff and the clientele are very friendly and not at all pretentious. We asked about places in the neighborhood where we could grab a bite to eat or get a beer and they were very helpful in helping us find some other great locations in Lawrenceville. So I was in Pittsburgh for a little over six weeks and we started coming here for weekly study sessions. By the end of the six weeks, we were spending a good chunk of time in this little gem of a coffee shop. The atmosphere is relaxed. They play a nice mix of indie music and whatever else the staff is listening to. In the summer when the garage door is open, a nice breeze and some sun rays come through. The other patrons in the coffee shop weren't obnoxious or loud, so it's a great place to meet a friend or study for several hours at a time. Another great bonus is that a CSA operates out of the coffee shop in the summer. So you know that they are really committed to the local community and sustainability.
5	Steaming hot, bold Americano.That's my drink of choice when I hit up coffee shops. So believe me when I tell you I've had my fair share.This one? One of, if not the best, I've ever tasted! Bold, not bitter, hot, and served with a smile (and chipper morning conversation) that was almost as good as the cup itself.You can come here to chat, do work (I did both on my visit to Pittsburgh) or just sit back and relax while catching up on reading. Outlets were readily available (always a huge plus/NECESSITY for any coffee shop in my world) and although the tables were squished in to accommodate the maximum number of people, you still have your own personal space.It'd be nice to have a few more food options, although I did enjoy my breakfast bar and Owalla.I want an Americano like theirs at every shop I go to for my fix! Wahhhh. My search for a substitute continues in Columbus.
5	When I lived in Lawrenceville, this was my regular coffee shop. GREAT coffee/espresso, GREAT service and GREAT decor. Another reviewer called this place a gem and I concur.
5	Great coffee, great ambiance, friendly staff. This is a great place to get your study on. Lots of outlets and a laid back vibe, and the coffee is wonderful. Highly recommended.
5	This coffee shop has to be one of the best in "the Burgh."COOL atmosphere, delicious drinks, and great service.No other coffee shops in the area compare.
4	Super cute, exposed brick walls, garage door opening, I would totally hang out here daily if I lived in the Burgh.The environment is very relaxing and you can set up and get mad work done, chat with friends or read a book. They had good table space and access to outlets which is a huge plus. You can definitely feel the character of the owners in this local love!
5	Another glowing, 5-star review, but unreservedly deserved. So outstanding was mano's espresso, service and ambiance on my visit earlier this month that I found myself checking craigslist for Lawrenceville sublets. Even though I live in Chicago.Where to begin? I arrived at EaM on a warm and intermittently rainy evening, meandering down a deserted street from a nearby bus stop and admiring the working-class vestiges of the neighborhood that hinted at the immigrant, steel-working historical soul of the city, e.g. tightly-packed single family houses along slightly crooked streets, a sprinkling of towering Catholic churches, hilliness evocative of the nearby river valleys and their bank-side heavy industry.Already jazzed by the neighborhood's color, I was further delighted by first impressions of mano: studious, serious about espresso, an oasis of light and community in the otherwise sleepy surroundings. Carlia, the barista, prepared an excellent cappuccino and we had a nice chat about the neighborhood. And then I settled in to slowly enjoy the drink and catch-up on some work, seamlessly blending in with the other twentysomethings perched behind their bright laptop screens.Perhaps it was my mood that evening, but that simple cafe visit somehow bordered on the sublime. Nonetheless, EaM is surely doing something right, and I will most certainly return very soon after my next touchdown at PIT.
5	This is everything a good coffeehouse ought to be, with both indoor and outdoor seating, free wi-fi, a nice, chillin vibe and great coffee. If you drink your espresso straight you'll appreciate this cup...dark and earthy with strong tobacco notes and a bright, acidic finish. It'll put hair on your chest. The drip is equally delicious although somewhat more mellow. The staff is friendly and opinionated, which are both qualities I admire. If you have questions they'll be happy to chime in with their preferences. Pittsburgh is turning into quite the coffee town, and this place leads the pack.
4	50 reviews.  4+ stars.  Great location.  Great coffee.  Get the Mexican Chocolates. They have a really yummy, grainy texture.  My personal fave is the salt & pepper bar.  Which is actually a chocolate disc.  They're doing it right.
5	A great independent coffee shop. Ambiance is phenomenal and there is a good mix of crowds throughout the day. I've seen everywhere from a business troupe, to a hipster crowd to groups of medical students studying for boards. Business is fairly steady throughout the day, however I've never had a problem finding a table except during breakfast rush on the weekends.Service is excellent. Everyone who works here goes way out of there way to extend great customer service and are extremely friendly outgoing individuals.Espresso is very good. A sweet bold flavor without too much acidity, which lends well with most drinks. Baristas are very experienced with making quality beverages and of note, make excellent milk foam. Probably one of the best places I've had a cappuccino in Pittsburgh although they tend to pour a little wet unless you specify otherwise. They also have a wide selection of coffee and will French press most for you upon request. There is also an abundance of plugs which I've found vey rare in the coffee shop world so this also makes it a good place to work on your laptop for a few hours. They do have free wifi, which you have to get a tag from a barista after about 2 hours to continue using it. A small hassle but ultimately the wireless has is pretty fast.Ultimately this is probably my favorite coffee shop in the city and I'd recommend it to anyone.
4	My latte did not pass the spoon test, however it did come with pretty presentation and it certainly passed the taste test.  De-licous!Two hours free wifi, brick walls with local art hanging on them, a few pastry options if you're feeling peckish, mellow music, comfy chairs as well as the usual table and chair setup, friendly and knowledge baristas. Yeah, I'm a fan.
5	Great place for coffee
5	It's like the Cheer's of coffee shops! Great coffee & espresso. The owner knows you by name & staff is friendly & up beat.
4	Loved the leaf design on my chai latte.  It was delish as well and I was contemplating giving this place 5 stars but while I thought my chai latte tasted really really good, I like a bit more spice to my chai.  My tastebuds weren't getting kicked around enough while sipping on the subtle flavor of the chai spices.  I could definitely taste the cinnamon but I enjoy a stronger cardamon flavor in my chai. It's just a personal preference, but that being said I would still highly recommend this place.  It gave off a very chill vibe and the barista/cashier was really friendly.
4	The coffee was excellent. I thought the neighborhood was great. I ordered a cup of coffee with a shot of espresso. It was good.
5	The short is..I think this is the best coffee shop in Pittsburgh.The long is.. Service: They literally go out of their way to make sure you feel like a customer and not a number. I can honestly say that every time I have ever been there (In the double digits) they have always been pleasant.Coffee: The coffee there is terrific. I'd say it's a bit strong which probably explains why it can really keep you up even when you would rather not be. It's a perculation station with a punch! Food: The food there, however not the biggest list I've see has really great underrated sandwiches. If you are hungry, don't count this place out. Hours: The best part of the whole sha bang is the hours. One of the latest coffee shops I know of. It's very convenient for the night owl. Open till 9pm on weekdays. Atmosphere: Really interesting industrial feel with a slice of warmth from the great music that always seems to surprise me. You will notice when you go in, freelancers flock here. Perhaps it's all the things I mentioned that motivates them to migrate there, not sure. Pro Tip- Get your coffee there as oppose to go, they make a great cappuccino that just looks and tastes delicious.
5	I had the best chai latte here!! Now, I know this is an espresso/coffee place, but I wasn't feeling like coffee - I never do unless it's finals week - so I opted for chai latte and it tasted wonderful. It wasn't too sweet, and the flavor was rich. I had a taste of the cafe latte too, but it was too bitter for me (I might be a coffee lightweight) so choosing chai latte might've been the best choice for me. The art was better on the cafe latte, but the art on the chai latte wasn't too bad. I just wish I could come back more often for the lattes.
5	just another 5 star review...yawn...stretch...order another shot. espresso a mano is one of few places in town where the baristas are capable of not fucking up soy milk in the steaming process. bonus, a heart AND a feather on the same head! i am tickled with love. plus, they carry a coconut chai tea, which is uniquely delicious, and some interesting chocolates. they're so cool, they don't even capitalize their name.
5	Excellent, flavorful coffee.  The chai tea, cappucino, and espresso are great, too, and I love the foam art.  It's a great environment with friendly staff, and I have a lot of respect for a hands-on owner that serves drinks alongside his employees - props for that.  The only thing I would change about espresso a mano is the size.  It's too popular to be so small!  I love this place and I will always come back for more.
4	i'm giving this place a 3.5. maybe it's because i come from a place that has tons of different options for coffee shops, but this place was pretty standard. the coffee is good, the place is pretty cute, and they have 2 hours free wifi.
4	A coffee shop with good coffee! That should be a given but once in a while you stumble upon a place that should NOT be called a coffee shop!Their lattes are really good, but a latte is as good as the espresso in it. EAM also keeps the "regular" coffees rotating. If you plan to go there frequently, this should keep things interesting. Once I had a bite from my friend's croissant, which I might add, is really good. I am not a fan of coffee shop pastries. They are often dry and not satisfying. This croissant was nicely flaky, buttery and moist on the inside. Try it!
5	I stop here to get coffee when waiting for a table for brunch.  Barristas have always been nice... Coffee is good... And they have comic books out to read while you wait.  Love it.
5	Years after I've left town, they still know me by name every time I come in. (That's not entirely uncommon in Pittsburgh. 6 degrees of separation are standard for everybody else, 'Burgh natives are never operating at more than 2. I was also quite the regular here.)
5	This place is a gem. A rare combination of great coffee and zero pretension. Where most higher-end coffee shops tend to be snobbish, Espresso A Mano is always warm and inviting and the baristas working there are always at the top of their game. No matter how big the line is you will always be served in minutes and your drink will be well made every single time. I rarely take the time to write reviews but this place is worthy of all of the praise it receives. Pay a visit once and I guarantee they will learn your first name and never forget it.
5	By far some of the best coffee I've had in all my travels. Go in for an iced coffee, sit down and enjoy the open garage door on a nice spring Pittsburgh afternoon. All the baristas are awesome and it's in one of the best neighborhoods in Pittsburgh, Lawrenceville.
5	Wonderful atmosphere for focused work; open "garage door" style with fresh air; free fast wifi; lots of side street parking; delicious coffee
5	Love this place!When I think of a local, trendy coffee shop, I think Espresso a Mano. The coffee here is super fresh, very tasty, and "artistic" - yes - artistic! You'll see when you look at the "picture" that's in your coffee.I love the atmosphere, too. I would go here many, many time over a Starbucks. Highly recommended!
5	My absolute favorite place in Pgh for coffee and espresso.  Lattes are expertly crafted and the coffee (I'm assuming the beans change frequently) is equally delicious.  Cozy, quiet atmosphere.  The perfect place to spend an afternoon playing a game, catching up on emails (free WiFi), or just to sit and enjoy your caffeine fix.
5	On an afternoon in late May, espresso a mano is the picture of how coffee shops should  feel. The glass garage door entrance is open to the sunshine and subtle outdoor air, and the brick interior feels cozy and welcoming. The line at the counter is slightly confusing (it curls away from the door) so I stood in the wrong place as I waited for my order. However, the barista kept a mental track of where I was in line, so once I realized my mistake I did not have to go to the back of the line. The coffee is excellent, but I am not a connoisseur so I'm afraid I cannot say more than that. I got a latte, and it was served to the brim in a white mug with a tiny spoon. I also got a cookie, and while good, it was a bit dry.I came in with a computer, and all around the wall are outlets. If everyone at the coffee shop had a computer that needed power they might run out of space, but every table is near an outlet, and I had no trouble finding one. It should be noted, every table had people sitting, and about 3/4 have laptops. I can still see open outlets, so I wouldn't worry about not finding power. There is wifi here, but I'm having trouble accessing it. When the line runs down I'll ask the barista, and we'll see how that goes.If you are sitting and observing, you'll notice how many regulars come in here. About every other person seems to know the baristas, and they are friendly and professional. The line keeps moving, and its clear that the people enjoy the staff as much as the coffee. I could describe the art on the walls, and describe the music playing, but at this point I think its just better that you pay a visit and see for yourself, don't you think?(extra note: Ignore the whole wifi thing...I was clicking on the wrong network. Whoops!)
5	Great coffee. Great service. Amazing atmosphere. Every time I have been here they have yet to fail me. From the different designs of art in your lattes, and theart pieces they have hung on the walls, it's a pretty creative place. The baristas are really nice and treat their customers really well. It's worth it try out if you're in Lawrenceville.
5	This is simply, by far, the best espresso drink I've had, ever.  I always go basic when trying a new place and got a latte. It was the best latte I've had. My friend got a cappuccino and she loved it as well (and she was from Italy). They steam the milk at a perfect temperature, hot but doesn't require me to sit there for 5 minutes waiting to be able to drink it.The pastries are also excellent, I highly recommend this place!
4	Recommended by staff at Pageboy Salon down the street (do check them out, too) while I was waiting to get styled.  I'm not a coffee drinker but because so many of my friends would end up meeting at a coffee shop for convenience, I learned I loved chai.  Oh, and do I!I ordered a medium chai latte from pleasant staff and was very satisfied.  There's something about a great chai that brings back childhood memories.  I liken it to the warm milk/nutmeg/cinnamon concoction poured over my mother's rhubarb dumplings.  And this particular chai was very rich and filled my soul with those memories.  Just sayin... LOL
5	Quite simply perfect. Nothing else needs to be said.
4	espresso a mano is a nice cafe in the neighbourhood.Great place to have a caffeine fix as both their Cappuccino and Americano are nicely done, from the great pour, well frothed milk and great latte art!Deco is quite down to earth and I love the garage door that can open up during a nice summer day! Hard to get a seat as most of the tables are occupied by someone surfing the Internet using their compliment wifi....
5	When every laptop in this coffee shop is a Mac I knew this was my kinda place. I love it. It's nice and open for a convenient work atmosphere. The drink's are awesome. I want to keep going back to try new things. I love the foam art (is that what you'd call it) put into the drinks and the sandwiches are pretty decent. I'll be back again and again.
4	This was my absolute favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh before I moved away from Pittsburgh. The coffee here is always topnotch, with really great selections and adorable and charming latte art. There are usually interesting paintings on the walls that are for sale to support local artists. The barristas are always friendly, and their pastries are pretty decent. My favorite thing to do on weekdays was to come here for a coffee and work for a few hours because the ambiance was so great -- plentiful tables and plugs, and free wifi but you have a time-restricted password so you need to keep going up for a new one if you plan an extended stay. I think this is the only downside to this otherwise perfect cafe, and the only reason I give it 4 rather than 5 stars; convenient, unlimited wifi is a serious priority for me! I think it says a lot about how amazing this place is considering that it became one of my favorite haunts despite the lack of this feature!In the summer, since the front entry is a sort of garage door styled entryway, they open up the whole panel so that plenty of light and fresh air gets into the coffee shop. There are so many cute places really nearby, and a few more cushy chairs for reading in. I really loved this place! Wish I could have brought it with me.
5	We went there yesterday in the early afternoon, in order to get caffeine sustenance for the drive back to NYC (and thus my many midwestern reviews will now come to an end after our fifteen-day trip).  It's a somewhat small & rather cozy place and our lattes were pretty good (the usual pricey $4/each for a 16-oz. size).  The very best aspect of that place concerned the (three) people working there; they were incredibly friendly and we had an enjoyable conversation with them.  I place a high value on customer service - and if a memorable conversation arises, that's like the icing on the cake.
5	Amazing espresso! One of the best I've ever had. If you love your coffee and are in Pittsburgh then make sure you stop there.
5	Love this place.  Everything a coffee shop should be.  Superb coffee. Smart, funny, calm, skilled staff.  Great neighborhood atmosphere.  Go.
5	Cute little hole in the wall coffee shop in Lawrenceville.  The inside is comfy and decorated by local art.  Excellent coffee options, including single origin pour overs, expresso drinks, and cold brew coffee.  Friendly and fast service.
4	Is it the best coffee shop in Pittsburgh? No, but it is really close.The atmosphere is straight out of a Portlandia episode. When I walked in 10 of the 12 tables had somebody sitting by themselves working on their Mac book Pro/Air. Everyone had the super hipster look going where they are trying so hard to be authentic that they all end up looking the same. I am not a hater I have a Macbook Pro and am from hipster land myself so I am not judging, but I am pointing out that when I sat down it was aluminum computer galore.Coffee is solid with the normal 5 star "coffee shop" amenities: Pour over, drip, french press, espresso, etc. with a coffee menu to choose your beans for you drink sort of thing. Price or value was right in line with nothing really out of the ordinary.The only real knock on the place is that I have never seen so many people in a coffee shop plugged into the internet, headphones, not talking to each other. Why leave your house to go to coffee shop to avoid talking to people.
4	Neat little Lawrenceville coffee shop... really friendly staff. Fairly quiet, productive atmosphere... pretty much everyone there was working, reading or doing something on their laptop.
2	Considering all of the rave reviews, I had high expectations for this cafe. I got a small cup of regular coffee (which, by the way, is really small). Unfortunately, I found that the coffee had a nasty, sour aftertaste. Maybe I should have tried a latte?
5	Espresso a Mano is one of my favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh. They are a haven, an institution, and just a damn good place to get some caffeine and get some work done. The interior is beautiful with exposed brick and a glass garage door to let in light. The baristas are charming and always friendly to each guest even though you might only get to talk to them for less than 5 minutes during your coffee purchase. They also go out of their way to remember you if you become a frequent flyer.I had always been a big coffee fan, but since moving to Pittsburgh I think it's fair to say I have become a snob about a perfect cappuccino with just the right amount of foam or a pour over coffee ground and poured at the right temperature. (no venti starbucks crap for me please)  EaM has helped lead the way of my coffee snobbery. Their cappuccinos are damn near perfect every time with a design of a tree, a heart, an alien, you name it, that happens here. Their regular coffee is delicious too! Not the biggest pourover place in town - see Voluto or 21st coffee- they do offer a pour over that are quite good. They also have local pastries and some eats available. I splurged on a chocolate croissant one day and was completely happy with my decision!I can be found here several times a week, doing some work from home work, or just hanging out enjoying the vibe. I think some people get put off by lack of table space, but I have never had an issue asking to share a table- seriously just ask, people are awesome, ya know? I think anyone with a modicum of common sense and a taste for delicious coffee would love this place for all the awesome they're dishing up.
5	Half an hour before close (let's just say I check out earlier than that at work JUST KIDDING), the barista made us a latte that he deemed inadequate, and POURED IT OUT. On one hand, what a waste, because I don't care what the latte foam looks like as long as it is disgustingly sweetened with fake sugar and caffeinated. On the other hand, that is some dedication.Plus he managed to do it in a way that wasn't douche-y and pretentious. Basically, the guy really cares about his coffee, and it shows, and I respect that. In conclusion, because I've reverted to writing like a 5th grader, you should visit this place if you are in Pittsburgh.
5	Matt and his baristas make the best cappuccino in Pittsburgh. Hands down. Plus, Espresso a Mano's atmosphere is lovely and it's one of those great illusive coffee shops in which to spend a few hours getting work done. It's great for people watching in the heart of the hipster/yuppie enclave of lower Lawrenceville. Free wifi, nice community atmosphere and fabulous coffee. And if you get a chocolate croissant (my go-to) they'll heat it up for you on the electric grill! Heaven!
5	I discovered this place while waiting for a table at Coca Cafe and so happy I did. Very cozy and cute cafe. I don't drink coffee but I ordered the hot chocolate. It was chocolatey, creamy and came with heart design. Also ordered a chocolate almond biscotti. I absolutely love biscotti and this one was delicious.The cafe is a little small though. Luckily just as we got our drinks a table opened up.
5	You can tell the people who work here are serious about their coffee, but they're not at all snobby or stuck-up about it. In fact, every time I come in here I'm amazed at how friendly the baristas are. One recent time I leaving here at closing time, the barista asked if I wanted a cup of coffee for the road, explaining that he had some left over that would just be thrown away otherwise. It's things like that that make the difference between a four-star place and a five-star one.Even without the incredibly friendly staff, though, Espresso a Mano is excellent. A few things I love about it:1. Delicious, delicious espresso drinks. The latte is spot-on, and I'm sure it's just as good iced.2. Reasonable prices--not the cheapest I've seen in Pittsburgh, but by no means expensive.3. $1.90 to stay coffee with one free refill. I didn't love the coffee as much as the latte, but it's still damn tasty.4. Great cold-brewed coffee that's very strong, but not unpleasantly acidic.The space is also nice, the wifi is free, and the location is fun. It's a little bit tricky to get to from where I live, but the trip is more than worth it.
5	The best espresso I've had in Pittsburgh, no contest. The baristas clearly care about their product and it shows. It's a comfy shop in a great location. Nice big tables if you'd like to bring a book/paper/computer and spread out a bit. There isn't much seating though and it gets busy so I'd feel a little guilty taking up one of the spaces for very long. The only thing that could make it better is some nicer outdoor seating but, if I'm going for that instead of quality espresso, I'll go to 61C in Squirrel Hill. Otherwise: perfection.
5	Beautiful presentations, calm and homelike cafe. Perfect from A to Z!
5	Delicious mochas!  Strong espresso.  Love this place!
3	Really good coffee, but you can never get a seat because all of the hipsters have every table claimed with their macbooks! If you want a place you can sit and hang out, you may want to go elsewhere. If you want coffee to go, this is your place!
5	Go here.  Nothing more to say.
4	Espresso a Mano takes pride in their coffee. I almost always get an Americano here and its the best in the city.  Their prices are a little steeper than other coffee shops, but its the quality you pay for.It's not the biggest place and during the mornings the available seating is taken quickly. If you are lucky enough grab a seat  next to the windows which open up the the street.The staff is extremely friendly and always sincerely ask how your day is going.
4	Espresso A Mano delivered exactly what I wanted from it, a darn good Iced Americano.Unlike many boutique coffee bars around the city, Espresso A Mano sources a wide variety of craft roasted beans (versus just a single brand or in house roast).  The staff are friendly and down to earth and the menu is strait forward and simple.My Americano has the right amount of complexity and taste present that I enjoyed it strait (no cream/sugar), and the wife's vanilla latte expressed the same characteristics (though hers was a little dull on vanilla flavor).It's a small shop, but it's got great doors that open up during nice weather and it's got an excellent location on Butler to start there, grab a coffee, then stroll up the street to shop/explore Lawrenceville.
5	Did I review this place yet? And if not, why? I LOVE it here. I love the coffee and the capuccino is pretty much my favorite. One time I had the iced coffee and stayed up all night though. Pretty potent stuff. There is usually a place to sit but I have been turned away upon occasion. Maybe that's why I didn't write a review? I am spilling my own secrets!
4	DELICIOUS!!!  Best coffee on Butler Street.  Sweet staff too.  I'd give them 5 stars, but the space doesn't allow for adequate seating.  This is the kind of place I'd love to go with a friend for a mid-morning coffee, but every time I tried; they were packed to the gills!
4	Best espresso in Pittsburgh. Enough said.
5	I wait here while I'm waiting for a table at Coca Cafe, but I'd probably go here just on its own sometime, too. I've had regular coffee, a cafe latte, and a coconut chai latte (nomz!). I love the beautiful foam art they do. So cool.They take their time with the drinks and make sure to inform you that they will be taking a few minutes. I mean this in a good way.The atmosphere is nice, though every time I have gone, it has been a bit crowded. That's probably because I go when everyone else is also waiting for a table at Coca Cafe.Mmmm, now I'm craving a coconut chai latte...
5	After doing my obligatory Yelp research, I decided to stop into Espresso A Mano on a day trip to Pittsburgh because of all the rave reviews. I have to say, this cafe exceeded my already high expectations.The cafe itself has a modern vibe, with a large garage door that they opened up to let a nice breeze in. I ordered a macchiato, which was actually the best one I've ever had!What I appreciated the most about this cafe was that the staff is so friendly! They were joking, laughing, and chatting with us while we waited for our drinks. I honestly think that makes all the difference, because I have been to my fair share of cafes with pretentious baristas. What's more, they made me a macchiato, but felt like it wasn't perfect enough to give me, so they made another, fresh one for me! I'm so glad to see that they cared to present their best product to the customers!Next time in Pittsburgh, I'd love to stop back into Espresso A Mano!
5	Love this place! Seriously best espresso in the burgh. Never bitter and usually two options. Cappuccinos are also delicious but seriously. The espresso. Plus everyone is so nice!
4	Bottom Line = Awesome Lattes and Americanos by Espresso A Mano.  What makes this coffee shop unique is their music selection.  Artists I remember hearing include: Van Halen.  Michael Jackson.  Dead Mau. Alvin and the Chipmunks.  Ice Cube.  Outkast.  Dr. Dre.  The Ghosbusters theme song.  Aaliyah.  As many have mentioned, the service is great, and overall the place has a neighborhood vibe.  On warmer days, the garage door is open.  My only issues with this establishment is how it's always a struggle to find a seat.  It's not a very small place.  It's just that this coffee shop serves great coffee, and people know about it.  So if you like visiting coffee shops on the weekends to chill out/read/study (like I do), then I would get to Espresso A Mano when it opens to ensure a table/seat.  Despite this small annoyance, I still come here to enjoy the high quality coffee, and the awesome music selection.
5	This small, charming, brick-walled coffee house harbors a warm and inviting atmosphere in the heart of Lawrenceville. After a long walk, the ham and mozzarella panini I ate and the iced coffee I drank were a relief. My barista, Emily H., was hilarious and friendly. I finished off my visit with a biscotti and ginger-lemon tea and left with a smile on my face. This shop is a must for anyone visiting from out-of-town.
5	Let's keep this short and simple. This is the best coffee without an attitude that you will have in this city. Everything about this place is inviting and the staff is amazing. You will not leave disappointed and you will go back. Try it out.
3	This place was okay, I wasn't too impressed. The neighborhood is great, but I didn't feel like the coffee shop was anything special. There isn't a lot of table space, so it's hard to do work.The drinks were good, though. Seemed to be mostly fair priced. Like I said, it was good, but nothing special. I may or may not come back.
5	best coffee in town and friendly baristas.  I like the art work that is featured in here monthly.  I will have many more cups of coffee or espresso or lattes from here.
4	These guys are incredibly nice! This was my first trip to Pittsburgh and they welcomed me nicely. The only small blip was that the English Breakfast tea I ordered the first time was pretty nasty. However I came back the next day, got a hot chocolate, and it's the best one I've had in recent memory! Just a great little place.
5	Has my vote for best coffee in Pittsburgh. Baristas are always amazing and put so much passion into everything they create (see photos).
5	I go to this place entirely because it is the best coffee in Pittsburgh.  Perfectly poured cups, reminiscent of Italy.  Even if the service was done by grouchy snobby hipsters I'd still come.  However, it is quite the opposite.  The owner, Matt, remembers my name and my drink every time.  He takes care with it, chats me up, and puts up with my pre-coffee incoherence.  I should also mention that I came here every day for a while, but have since moved.  I came back after two years - Matt, not missing a beat, asks if my drink has changed and asks me how Boston is.  Pittsburghers, perfect quality AND friendliness does not exist outside of this city.
4	Staff was friendly and helpful. The store was nice and sophisticated. The only thing I disappointed about is the coffee. They did make really pretty designs on my cappuccino. But the coffee was too acidic for my taste, also they didn't put enough foam on top. My cappuccino was technically a latte. They didn't have many sweet treats here to go with coffee but I did like their chocolate croissant. But overall it's a good place. 4 stars because the main purpose of my visit, the coffee, isn't that great.
5	What a delight!My husband and I were in my hometown for Christmas, and ventured out on our third date since the birth of our son.  I was so excited to check out Lawrenceville for the first time, and couldn't wait to show my foodie husband that Pittsburgh can do sophisticated with the best of them.  Before dinner, we stopped at Espresso A Mano because I heard it was the best coffee shop in Pittsburgh.I was so surprised when we stepped up to the counter and the barista greeted me by my maiden name!  Thirteen years after we were on the high school track team together, Matt recognized me.  Man, he is good with names!  It was fun to catch up, and I'm so proud to see a fellow McKeesport alum being such a success.  My decaf, almond milk latte (for my nursing son's benefit) was surprisingly rich in coffee flavor, and was served up without a hint of pretension.  I remember singing along to the music, and loved the exposed brick walls.Good people.  Good coffee.
4	I'm partial to another, nearer-by coffee shop, but on occasion I've been known to land at Espresso A Mano. On such occasions I'm never disappointed. The atmosphere in this shop is great --  better yet since their renovations. While I'm usually partial to locally roasted beans, they source beans from a variety of high-quality roasters which is a great since you can experience a broader range of coffee.
5	I only go to Espresso a Mano during the weekend, so I can't speak to what it's like during the rest of the week. Regardless, I find that it's quickly become one of my favorite places to grab coffee and catch up with friends or on some reading. I really like the industrial yet warm feel of the interior. It's even better during the warmer weather when their garage door is rolled up, letting in a breeze. Their layout makes much more sense now that they've remodeled and changed the orientation of the bar and shifted some tables. It's reminiscent of my favorite coffee shops in NYC but noticeably more approachable. The staff is incredibly friendly and really understands their product. I've found that it gets pretty crowded on the weekends, especially during the school year. It's sometimes difficult to find an open table, but the staff is always happy to facilitate introductions between regulars and newcomers so that everyone has a place to sit, even if it means having to share a table for a bit.I've loved all the espresso drinks I've ordered and they make one of the best cups of coffee in Pittsburgh. If you plan on staying there a while, I would definitely suggest grabbing a cup of coffee in a mug; you can't beat a free refill!
5	Yummy... best place by far for an espresso drink.  The crew is a talented bunch too!
4	This is a great spot to sit and work or to spend an afternoon chatting with friends.  I've done both multiple times and it's great.  I love when the door is open and you can people watch unobstructed, though it's just as fun with the door closed.I feel like I enjoyed the space better before the reno, but I like the bar lower and the placement of the register/espresso machine now; it gives a better flow to the shop.  I just really dislike how the tables are situated in rows.  I always feel like I'm going to knock things off people's tables with my bag and reminds me too much of a study hall.Regardless, the most important thing is coffee and I love the coffee here.  I've had espresso as well, and while some people may look at you funny, judgement was reserved when I added a little sugar to mine here.I love that this spot is serious about coffee, but they aren't uptight or take themselves too seriously about it.
5	Really good, been here every time I go to Pittsburgh.  Good vibes from the staff and very nice flat white or espresso.
4	Great local spot to grab a cup and relax. It's a little hipster-ish but so what? The barista's are super friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable not pretentious. The coffee is delicious and you get a free refill with a regular cup :) Warning, It can be tough to find a seat sometimes!
4	One of my favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh. The coffee is freshly ground and has a bold flavor to it. I'd say the quality is among the best of Pittsburgh's coffee shops.I like the atmosphere too. There is excellent natural lighting from the glass storefront window. The music is played at a low volume. The clientele are quite calm and pleasant.I'd rate it four and half stars.
5	First trip here since the remodel due to not living in PA any longer. Place looks GREAT! It is warm and welcoming. Doors were open due to the nice weather, which made it a great work or gather location. Space absorbs sound making it easy to carry on a conversation without bothering someone working behind you.Service was very pleasant. Employees obviously have built relationships with regulars.Verve coffee was excellent. I live in Tacoma, WA, and THIS was some of the best drip coffee I've had in a long while. Looking forward to my next trip home!
5	Arguably the best coffee in Pittsburgh, and my girlfriend (who relocated to Pgh from Seattle) agrees. Really relaxed atmosphere and fantastic beverages.
5	I love this place. I'm moving to Lawrenceville in August and cannot wait to start getting  my morning coffee here regularly. For now, I enjoy making a trip on the weekend to spend an hour or two reading or catching up with a  friend over great coffee.The baristas are always really friendly and down to earth. Sometimes places like this can easily become overly pretentious, but everyone here has been great!They had a fairly recent remodel which has really improved the space. It's always very clean and bright thanks to the giant garage door (side note--has anybody else noticed that suddenly all establishments in Pittsburgh have these garage doors?).The most important part, of course, is the coffee. I tend to stay fairly simple with my coffee drinks (black coffee or unflavored iced coffee for the most part), but I do usually get lattes here as a sort of weekend treat. The espresso has a really smooth flavor and it's obvious they know their stuff. Milk foam is always perfect, and every latte I have ever ordered here has been beautifully poured (even when ordered in a to-go cup, and as a former barista I can tell you that takes some skill!)Definitely one of my favorite spots in the city, and one that I'll be visiting very often after my move!
5	Every time I'm in Pittsburgh I find it hard to stay away from Espresso a Mano.  I'm a little obsessed with unique coffee, so I usually find myself ordering their specialty pour-over cup no matter what.  I've enjoyed single source Sidamo beans from Ethiopia here regularly.  In addition to the coffee, they offer ample seating area and free WiFi for guests to mingle and work.  When the weather is nice, they'll open the garage door up for an al-fresco experience.  Please go here and support good coffee.
3	My sis and I ordered a chai tea latte. Nothing too impressive..the chai tea latte at Klatch Coffee in San Dimas, CA is much better.Very quiet environment as each table sat patrons with a computer. Mostly students.
3	I found the coffee here to be a little bitter, and the service was as well.. I probably won't be going back.
5	A great cup of coffee and a fantastic environment. An instant favorite. Courteous service and good options made for a very enjoyable visit. The naked goods were very good. We didn't try the quiche during this visit, but it looked amazing. We're definitely coming g back for it.
4	I'm visiting my cousin in Pittsburgh this summer, and I found multitude of coffee place in different area. It is hardly to find a decent coffee shop near my area besides Starbucks and Dunkin donuts, my friend happen to know this place and been here few times. We drove from south hills to lawrenceville, most of well known restaurants and hot spots are on this street called butter street. The atmosphere is causal and the staff is very friendly, we have some conversation. I have a hot soy latte in a hot day lol and my friend has iced coffee(good choice). You get refilled when you order an iced coffee so it's definitely a good deal. They have outdoor seatings, it's good for a date of friends hang out. This is one I like so far their coffee taste exactly what I like. They have Ethiopian and panama flavor yum!
5	Seriously awesome! Big thank you for going the extra mile for me while I was doing a scavenger hunt #GISHWHES2014 - latte art of a particular kind, and they came through in a big way.  An part elephant, part octopus was the goal and I think they succeeded!  Best latte artists ever!!! I also had the quiche - delicious!
4	I love this place and this is the best coffee place I have ever had and ever been in Pittsburgh this summer. I wish I can come here more often, I can't get enough. It's such a pleasure to meet espresso a Mano. Xoxo
4	This is the kind of place that reminds you of how mediocre the coffee is at the omnipresent major chain.Great coffee, great pastries, great music selection, and great staff. The coffee was unbelievably smooth. The latte art they create is a cute added touch. I tried the Chocolate Croissant and the regular Croissant- bigger fan of the latter.They have a few tables outside, and more inside, also with some couches in the back.
5	One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh. It's well decorated and there are lots of coffee and pastry options. Great place to stop in and read/write for a few hours. It gets busy!
5	Espresso A Mano is as good as their reputation. Friendly staff (in my experience), good value, and most importantly, a great cup a of coffee. The garage door is a nice touch. I'm glad they're within walking distance.
5	Um, clearly, the best and prettiest latte in the city! The staff is super cool too. A nice place to work, catch up with friends, or just kick back and read a book.
2	Espresso A Mano is basically an overrated coffee shop. The environment is not the best and puts off a very dirty feel. I would rather drink black coffee in my nice humble abode before I go there again.
5	Best vanilla latte I've had in Pittsburgh--this coming from a predominately tea drinker (to be fair). Love how much light pours in through the garage doors/windows of this place. Great atmosphere to work in; decent amount of plugs!
1	Sorry but my friend and I had a bad experience. They don't serve decaf, not usually a problem for many but they said my only option was to buy an americano at an americano price. No thanks. I opted for regular and ended up getting sick. My friend text me shortly after ( who does not drink decaf) to tell me how nauseated and jittery she felt. She always drinks 2 cups of coffee a day and never feels that way. Plus the taste was super strong! They have Starbucks beat (however, I actually enjoy a strong bold coffee and do drink Starbucks but this wasn't anything of the sort). On a few occasions Starbucks and crazy mocha ran out of decaf and substituted an americano to accommodate. Not this place. To each their own but not my pick.
5	Espresso A Mano is like our second home these days, and based on the familiar faces we see every time we are there, we're not the only ones who feel this way. Sure, there are hundreds of places to grab a coffee or espresso around town, but very few come close to matching this place. All it takes is seeing other reviews and the line out the door most mornings to know it's a common feeling amongst the locals. Don't be worried about those lines, either...they move faster than you'd expect!The staff is incredibly nice and the space is warm and welcoming. Matt and his crew make the effort to get to know the customers that come through the door and they take pride in their craft. The space is simple and definitely the type of coffee shop that I could see myself setting up shop for the day if I was working "from home." The ever-changing art on the walls keeps the atmosphere fresh, and it's also a good spot to grab your beans for home, as they have Commonwealth, Counter Culture, Verve, and others on hand (ground and whole bean options). Espresso A Mano also offers up some local treats and small sandwiches for those looking for something a little more filling than a drink. They recently started selling some stuff from Gluten Free Goat Bakery, which I recommend, regardless of dietary restrictions. I've also tried the spicy soppressata sandwich. Nothing mind-blowing, but simple and totally satisfying if you're on-the-go (not necessarily "in a hurry," though, as it takes 5-6 minutes on the panini press to warm up).Prices are on-par with independent shops, and even cheaper in some cases, depending on what you order. Either way, it's worth whatever small premium you could pay to support a local shop and get a quality pour (with nice latte art, to boot!). All-in-all, it's really impossible to argue with excellent service, quality drinks, and reasonable prices. Enjoy!
5	Wonderful coffee!  Very good wifi. Some outdoor seating.
2	Bonus points for the selection of coffee beans (Verve and Forty-Ninth Parallel) but minus points for the over-crowded atmosphere.  It's a bit of a pretentious "scene".  Navigating from the drink counter to a table is tough, as is getting to the bathroom from a table. The chocolate chip cookie was greasy, but admittedly some folks prefer that.  No complaints about the coffee drinks themselves.  If you just need a solid espresso drink to go and don't mind waiting in line, this place is fine.
4	I never knew Pittsburgh provided such a wealth of coffee shops! Since I work in the Lawrenceville area, it's the perfect place to pick up a cup of joe. The shop has a cozy feeling with tables that allow their patrons to socialize or work. Their skillful baristas produce smooth espresso drinks with the milk at the right temperature. I shall be swinging by often before work to get my daily dose of caffeine!
4	Espresso A Mano has the best cappucino in the city.  The staff is very knowlegable friendly, and I felt I got excellent value for my money.  I currently live in Greensburg and it takes me an hour to get to this shop, but if you're a coffee junkie like me, it's worth every minute.
