5	My stomach, my palate, and hot dogs have at best what could be described as an abusive relationship.  My love of chili, cheese, jalapeno hot dogs hurts so good.So if you love hot dogs and are in pittsburgh missing a Chicago style hot dog, a New York style dog, or a Texas chili cheese dog then Franktuary is the place to go.
5	Muy Bueno.  I'm not a big hot dog fan, but when the mood strikes, this is the only place for me.  They have a good selection of dogs and wraps (you can get chicken too) and salads.  But my favorite thing about this place is the Blue shake.  I find myself going there just for that.It can be a little pricey, $7-8 for lunch, but all in all, its a great place for tasty treats with a laid-back atmosphere.  It used to be called Hot Dogma then the legals made them change it because apparently someone else was just as witty but five minutes earlier than these guys.
5	BEST best BEST place to eat lunch Downtown.  1. great hot dogs2. FRUIT SHAKES!!! It is near impossible to find a smoothie in Pittsburgh - this place blends real fruit into drinks3. amazing chips that they import from the west coast4. free wirelessTim and Megan are great.  This is a great local business everyone should add to their lunch schedule.
4	Best hot dogs in the 'burgh. Extremely creative menu! Loved all the crazy toppings for them! Location is weird, but makes sense with the religious theme. Definitely worth the adventure to find! One of the best lunch spots downtown.
5	Pittsburgh is about the people - this place is run by great people who serve great food.  Lots of options on their fun menu.  They even serve soda from a local bottling company.  Free wireless. Fun times.
5	What do you get when you combine chili dogs and Ginger beer, nervana. Oddly enought nervana is in the bacement of a church. Overall the food was great, the price was right, and the atmousphete was ironic. Defintaly the place for lunch or breakfast if your daring enougt for a dog covered in eggs.
4	great place for a quick and cheap lunch.  i had the pittsburgh dog, which had 'smooshed' perogies with cole slaw.  definitely haven't had that before and it was really good.  also had the 'chicago imposter' dog which had yellow mustard, relish, onions, banana peppers, celery salt, tomatoes, and a pickle spear.  this was pretty good as well, just be ready for a mess when eating either of these.  the strawberry/banana fruit shake was also quite good as well.the place itself is pretty interesting.  being in the basement of a church allowed for the creative name.
5	Delicious food in a cute little store.  It's easy to miss if you aren't looking for it, but it's worth the trip.  The hot dogs are good, of course, but the fruit smoothies and the bottled soft drink selection are what pleasantly surprised me.I first heard about this joint back when it was called Hot Dogma (I think there was a copyright or trademark dispute) and it was featured on the Food Network.  It's too bad for all the East End college students that they're only open during the week.
5	Tucked away in the basement of a church on a side street downtown, Franktuary is a little gem that is worth seeking out. It's a hot dog joint, but they also offer salads, wraps, and fruit smoothies. They even have a veggie dog, and a locally grown option too -- the Locavore, an organic, grass-fed beef dog, which is tasty and filling. It's on special during the month of July.The counter service is laid-back and friendly, and they call you by name instead of a number. The meal might set you back a few pennies more than the fast food places up the street, but it's the little touches like this that elevate Franktuary to a higher ground.
4	All dogs go to heaven, but first you have to repent at Franktuary.  At first I was an unbeliever.  I mean, how good can you make a haute dog?  I was blind, but now I see.  Just have a little faith!  I tried the classic Texan (chili + cheese + jalapenos) and a gourmet Pittsburgh (coleslaw + smooshed pierogie aka pot-sticker wrapping).  I liked the type of hot-dog buns used.  It didn't collapse or split under pressure.  It must be a sin to make a hot-dog so divine.  I slurped down the heavenly blue (blueberry blackberry raspberry) fruit shake very quickly.
2	Way too expensive for average vienna type dogs, and the born-again church vibe is a drag. I'd gladly eat better dogs for less at Weiner World.
4	Anybody who knows me knows I'm a Wiener World girl. But to be fair, I decided to try Franktuary recently. You know, in all the years that I've worked Downtown, I'd never thought of trying this place. I must admit that they have some unusual dogs here.  They have the Hypocrite, a veggie dog smothered in chili. They have the Chicago Impostor, relish, tomato, banana peppers, chopped onion, yellow mustard, pickle spear, and celery salt .  They also have the Locavore, an organic, grass fed, all-beef dog that's supposed to be healthy (um, no.  If it's healthy, it ain't a hot dog).I settled on the Italian Dog, with mozzarella, tomato, garlic, olive oil, and basil.  You know, it was actually pretty good!  For those of you who don't like dogs, they have salads and chicken wraps.  Service here is fast and friendly and they deliver and cater.
4	Finally went today for lunch!  I've swung by here many times for a scoop of ice cream but finally had the gumption to try some dogs!As others have mentioned, this is probably an ex-sunday school room in the basement of a church downtown.  Always busy for weekday lunch, despite that the 4 employees are very efficient at what they're doing and you shouldn't have to wait more than 5 minutes or so.I ordered the Hyprocite: Veggie dog with meat-chili.  It is possible that I should have ordered a regular dog for my first experience, but I have a feeling a veggie dog can say just as much about a joint as veggie dogs vary widely in quality!  I wasn't disappointed, this dog appeared much like regular dog but had the wheat gluten edge and a bit of spiciness.  The aftertaste was almost exactly that of a regular hot dog!  The chili was also good but I could have stood for a lot more.The buns were good, nothing to get super excited about but fairly solid none the less.  Prices are reasonable and service is friendly.
3	I guess it's a pretty alright dog. But coming from San Francisco and being raised on Rosamunde's sausage grill, I can't say that I have the desire to ever go back to Franktuary. I can buy a package of dogs at the supermarket and put a bunch of stuff on it at home, and there I can even toast the bun.
2	Service was great, selection good, but to be honest, the regular hot dog that they serve is a very plain, skinny, Vienna style dogs and the buns are very cheap white buns. The toppings are good but if I went back I would try the locovore (sp?) rather than their regular hot dogs to get some good flavor.Overall most specialty hot dog places I have gone to have great tasting dogs that they put into a unique tasty bun. Franktuary doesn't have that so I don't really see a need to go back.
4	I first ate here when it was still "Hot Dogma" I get the veggie dogs.And I love that you can get a dog with pierogies on it.
4	I'm glad they call the Chicago dog the imposter.  not quite the real thing but close.  and darn tasty.  I wish I would have eaten this one first because the juices from the toppings saturated the bun and it basically disintegrated a couple bites in.  I had to pretty much eat it with a fork.  I will get one next time I go.ah, and the Texan.  good stuff.  I have had both the normal dogs, and the locavore dogs.  the locavore are the best.  good selection of soda.  cool vibe.  and little bike messengery but hey its not bad, and they use them to deliver downtown for free.  so thats cool.
4	Picture the scene.  A beautiful spring day.  A coworker and I decided, "What better way to spend the lunch hour than dining al fresco and enjoying the delectable properties of fine encased meats?"  Now I'm really a Wiener World kinda girl, but my coworker really had the taste for fine hotdogs served out of the back of a church.So let's see, which particular blend of sodium and nitrates appealed to Susan's palatte?  The Locavore looked tempting.  The Imposter (a veggie dog)?  Uh, no thanks!  The Chicago Impostor?  Possibly.  The Buffalo?  Hmmm, a dog with blue cheese and buffalo wing sauce!  The New Yorker?  A dog with 'kraut AND onion sauce?  Hey, now we're talkin'!   http://www.franktuary.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/NY.jpg And with a side of coleslaw and pickle spear!  Mmmmm!
4	I usually avoid hot dog places, but I'd heard so many people rave about this place that I finally had to try it. Location is in the basement of a church downtown - hence the name. The grass fed beef "locavore" dog was hands down the best tasting dog I've ever had the pleasure of devouring! Lots of interesting toping choices such as the "Italian" with olive oil, tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese! I had a smoothie which was excellent, and they also offer salads. Worth trying!
5	Do you love hotdogs? That amazing shlong of processed mystery meats? That discolored stick of tender whatsit?I know I love a good hotdog. And the Franktuary has the best dogs in the city, and easily so. They pile a crap load of toppings on your dog, and they are crisp and freshly cooked for your eating pleasure. Make sure to get two- one just isn't enough. Trust me.
3	while traveling from chicago through Pittsburgh naturally i wanna see if this city can produce a good hot dog.  i walk into this place and they have a picture of the most famous sausage guy in all of chicago, Doug from Hot Doug's, in visible site.  so i'm a little more optimistic after seeing that because they obviously know what a good chef he is.  so i got the New Yorker and the Chicago impostor.  they were both solid dogs.  don't let them talk you into getting the Locavore meat because, regardless of price, it just wasn't as tastey as the 1/7 and the 1/6.  but i am not a fan of jumbo dogs any where in the world, so this wasn't a surprise to me.  solid dog joint, would take friends here if i happen to be in town again
4	Since we don't work downtown, my boyfriend and I arranged to have a lunch at Franktuary on a Friday after his classes were over.  We couldn't find anywhere to park, so I had to pull over on the side of the street with hazards on while he ran in to get our hot dog delights.  Almost fifteen minutes later, he emerged with a paper bag of goodness, and we were out of there!At home, while we put the foil-wrapped dogs in the heaven to reheat them slightly, he explained to me that it took so long to pick up the dogs because they cook them to order - they aren't pre-cooked and hanging out under a heat lamp.  But there wasn't any line at 1:30 pm on a Friday, so if you take a late lunch, you should be good to go.We put all the hot dogs on a little plate and cut them all in half, for easy sharing.  Looking back at us was the El Greco (feta and artichoke hearts), the Chicago Imposter (Chicago-style - mustard, relish, onion, banana pepper, celery salt, tomato, and pickle), and the Pittsburgh (a pierogie and cole slaw).  Nom-licious.Presented, in ascending order of tastiness.Chicago Imposter - this was, embarrassingly, my first Chicago-style hot dog, and SHAME on me for not having one before despite all my time in the Chi.  This one was my least favorite, but I am unable to determine whether it's because I don't like Chicago style, or because I don't like the way Franktuary does it.  I suspect the former reason - something about the sweetness and the acidity from the relish - I just don't think it's my thing.  I mean, we still ate it - but it was both of our least favorite.El Greco - Coming in second - who'd have thought of putting feta and artichoke hearts on a hot dog?  Surprise surprise, it works!  One of their simpler dogs, with only two ingredients, this one had good flavor.Pittsburgh - the absolute undisputed champion.  GO.  EAT THIS.  NOW.  We were both utterly bowled over by how good this one.  We kept exclaiming things like "this is SO GOOD" or "MMMMMMM!" at top volume.  It's the pierogie.  The cole slaw was very good, but the pierogie seals the deal.  Most brilliant hot dog ingredient ever.  Next time we'll get two of these, one each, and then a third new flavor to try.I'd recommend one-and-a-half hot dogs per small person, two per everyone else, especially if you aren't getting side dishes.  They go down fast!  Also - the "normal" all beef franks are juicy and great - the localvore one is good too, but has a more nontraditional "meaty" taste and texture.  I say go for the classic dog, it's a better bang for your buck too!
5	This was exactly the type of place I've been searching for in downtown Pittsburgh. Happened to be in the area for lunch, had a Groupon - solid. The menu, while not huge, was a bit daunting at first but only because I had never been there. I let the fellow working the register know that and he, in addition to complimenting me on my Nine Inch Nails sweatshirt, helped me out and offered some recommendations. Ended up getting the locavore dog, Italy style. He also suggested the chile as a side, which ended up being my favorite part of the meal. It's a nice cozy place with free WiFi and everyone was as nice, easy-going, and friendly as you'd hope for. Will return in a heartbeat when I'm in the area for lunch again. Loved it, loved it, loved it.
5	I love visiting this place when I am in Pittsburgh!  Best tasting dogs, hands down.  The Locavore is my fave.
4	Lol. Franks be to God. Amen! I can dig it.
5	edited
4	the menu here is not as extensive as it is at D's, but the quality is better and the options are plenty good enough. get the pittsburgh hot dog (with pierogi and cole slaw) to really embrace the local flavor. also: the hours are really meant to serve to downtown business crowd (10-3 on week days only), but there's free wifi and a friendly staff to serve you your dog.
4	If you like good dogs, this is the place.  The have gourmet dogs in natural casing on Boston style buns.   Have a Pittsburgh dog, Buffalo, New York and a few others.  The Chicago Imposter is very good with banana pepper, celery salt, pickle spear and small tomato slices.  Have salads and fruit shakes.
4	Expensive little hotdogs they are! But pretty good. Some good choices for "gourmet" hotdogs. It's a small place in the basement of a church, so there aren't quite enough tables if you happen to go during a busy lunch time. They have some silly paintings hanging up that are amusing. There is a parking garage about a block away, since finding parking in that area is near impossible.
4	Yes, this place is a little expensive for a hot dog, but dayum they make good hot dogs.I had a Locavore dog (all-beef mad from local grass-fed organic beef) on my Chicago Impostor and it was delicious.  It'll make you think twice about the kind of hot dogs you buy in the grocery!My only complaint is that Franktuary should diversity its bun options, there's a new place in DC that has a variety of good buns from texas toast to pretzel rolls!
3	Good yes, great no. The dog itself was firm , overcooked or the casing I don't know. I didn't care for the large bun and ended up not eating most of the bun. Tried the Detroit and Buffalo. Both were good. Liked the sauce on the deroit as it was not chili. I will go back to sample the other choices.
4	We are originally from Chicago and are hot dog people so we were excited to try a hot dog dive.  We had 3 different specialty dogs with locavore's, The Chicago, Mexican, and Italian.  All were great even though I was disappointed that there wasn't an open fire charring the hot dogs.  The Chicago was close and the other two were very good except that they were out of guacamole for the mexican.  I would definitely go back if I can get downtown during mid-day.
4	Absolutely delicious. I ordered a Chicago Impostor with a locavore frank. The Chicago aspect was lacking but this was kind of taken care of by their use of the word "impostor". There were no poppy seeds on the bun and it did not appear to be steamed. Also, rather than the traditional and tastier sport peppers, they used banana peppers.The locavore frank, however, was to die for. Never before have I had such a hot dog. Plump and rather drably colored (due to the lack of artificial dyes), this hot dog comes straight from Volant, PA. I was kind of amazed that Franktuary would go through the trouble and at the significant price increase, was wondering if the different was worth it.Boy was it. The frank was plump, juicy and tender on the inside with a much more delicate flavor profile. Rather than the taste of filler and water, I actually felt like I was eating a tubular steak. This, paired with the awesome components of a Chicago style hot dog (the best way to do a frank) made for one hell of a lunch.I also ordered one of their smoothies, the aptly named "purple". It was a bit on the sweet side but nonetheless delicious.I'll definitely come back to Franktuary even though the location necessitates that you have some other errand to run downtown. It's hard to park and when you find a spot, it gets costly. Franktuary's dedication to the hot dog is bar none in Pittsburgh, however, so it's worth it.
4	Despite the odd store hours and location of this frank store, I like this place (esp with the Groupon discount). Not to mention, for every 10 franks that you purchase, you get 1 free!Winners: Italy and Texan... yeehaw! :)
4	I came here after being recommend several times.  Now I'm not a huge hot dog fan - I'll enjoy one a few times a year at most, but after hearing so many rave reviews, I decided to give it a try.I got their standard Mexico dog - a hotdog topped with mango and pineapple salsa, guacamole and cheddar cheese, as well as chips and an iced tea.  The whole thing was less than $10.The hot dog bun was AMAZING.  It was soft and chewy and slightly sweet.  The hot dog had a slight snap to it, the guacamole was smooth and with chunks of onion, and the salsa was slightly sweet.  I didn't really taste the cheese, which was shredded on top.The chips were kettle chips, very crunchy, but the iced tea wasn't great - I couldn't get the sugar to mix into it because it was so cold.  There were two tea options - regular and herbal mint - but they were out of the mint when I went in.All in all, it was a really good meal and I'll be back for sure.
3	This place is in a church basement in downtown Pittsburgh. It's a friendly hole-in-the-wall and they offer a vegan hot dog.I got the vegan dot with some vegan chili added to it ($3.75 total). I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs, but this turned out to be a simple, quick and cheap meal.My only gripes: I wish the chili had been spicier and fresher (some diced green chilis and tomatoes would have helped); and I wish they had a whole wheat bun instead of white flour. Also, while the Smart Dogs they used are tasty, I think vegan sausages (such as those made by Tofurkey or Field Roast) are far more flavorful.Oh, and if they had some vegan desserts (how about cookies? or a soy ice cream?) I would have given them an extra star.
4	Did someone say gourmet hot dogs?  Umm, get out of my way, please...NOW!When I discovered that Franktuary was around the corner of my hotel, you couldn't hold me back from sinking my teeth into one (or several) of their juicy dogs.  The Chicago Imposter and Buffalo are easily my favorites.  The salty bite of that celery salt in the Chicago dog is quite lovely.  I entertained the idea of trying the Pittsburgh but can't seem to get past the idea of melding the worlds of pierogies and dogs into the same bite.  Meh.  I do wish they offered other kinds of buns though (i.e., potato buns) but maybe I'm just being picky.I really appreciate the mission at Franktuary: serving up great, quality food in the ever humble dog (though these are no ordinary dogs by any means).  But it will cost you.  The standard dog starts at $3.25 and the green locavore dog will cost you up to $6.  If you eat the way I do, that can easily add up!Their location is ideal being in the center of downtown but their hours really stink.  Closed at 3pm on weekdays and closed on weekends?  Ugh!!  Looks like I will have to rearrange my schedule.  The things I do for wieners.
3	Went here for lunch while I was downtown at a conference during the week.  Got a vegan New Yorker (sauerkraut, vidalia onion sauce, brown mustard), a black cherry Boylan soda, and a side of cole slaw.  The hot dog was good, the bun was weak, which fell apart when I started eating.  The cole slaw was really good. I would stop in again for a quick lunch if I was downtown, but I might try a different vegan dog.  Between here and D's for hot dogs...I have to go with D's.  But, if I'm downtown and craving a quick lunch I'd probably stop in again.
5	Hot diggity dog these are darn good hot dogs!I am ashamed at not coming here much sooner!  But in my lame defense, it's tucked away in in the back of Trinity Cathedral.  All tiny and unassuming.  Even when you first walk into the "church" doors, you have to ask yourself, am I coming here to confess some sins or eat some sinfully delicious dogs?After reading through the many reviews on here I decided to opt for the "healthy" locavore dog.  It's awesome they carry this particular dog because it's made local AND doesn't have all those little mystery ingrediants that our other little dog friend has.  As soon as I read banana peppers I was sold on the Chicago Imposter gourmet dog.  It also comes with a whole pick, relish, tomatoes and celery salt.  It was really a great dog, although I still had to add ketchup, because we are in fact deeply in love, to the point where I have to add it to anything burger, dog, fry related.  I was sad to find out they were out of their slaw because I'm a huge fan of the slaw, when made right.  I opted to get the Greek Salad instead.  Good for me they were out of the slaw because the Greek Salad was KILLER!  I had to ask if it was made in house and it in fact is made by one of the chefs there.  It comes HIGHLY suggested!  I had to carefully inspect the salad so I could figure out how to make it at home.  Artichokes, cucumbers, banana peppers, orange peppers, onion, tomatoes and olive oil....amazingness!  To be completely honest, I don't think I'd have been disappointed by any of the sides because I had to steal a taste of my friends baked beans and they were also stellar!  Mega plus, they carry Boyle's soda!  I love me some Diet Cream Soda (I know...diet + hot dog = defeats the purpose).  AND, they give you a fun little gummy hot dog treat.  So freakin' cute!Totally cheap option for anyone working/lunching or visiting dahntahn Pixburgh!  Then you can head into the church and tell God how thankful you are he created hot dogs.  Amen!
4	I'm just visiting Pittsburgh, and YUM. Had a Locavore Chicago Imposter today and will be going back to try more dogs tomorrow. Friendly folks, cool building and deeeeeeelicious food!
3	Honestly- A little pricey for what you get. Now don't get me wrong, the hot dogs are good, but they should be a little less expensive. I got two italy hotdogs ( normal style hot dogs with cubes of mozzarella cheese and tomato on them) with a small bag of chips and it was close to $10 dollars! Thats with no drink too. I read great reviews about the locavore, but guess what...i'm not about to shell out $6+ for one hotdog. Point is the hot dogs are good, but if you are downtown where there are endless of eateries, why spend so much on a food that is so cheap to produce...I mean they price these dogs as if its at a ballgame. I'll go again, but not very often.
3	If Franktuary was 25% cheaper, I'd eat here weekly.  I just can't justify paying $$15 for 3 hot dogs + drink downtown.   Case in point...they sold something like 1500 Groupons, so people clearly like it....but IMO they'd be a hell of a lot busier if they were more affordable.  The hot dogs are really good...but they're still hot dogs.  Working downtown allows me to eat really well for less than $10, even at some sit down places.  When I come here I end up going somewhere else to feel full, or I spend $15 and question myself why (just because I can afford "gourmet" hot dogs, the cheap college kid in me has trouble justifying it; I mean really, 7-11 has 2 hot dogs with FREE chili and cheese greatness for under $3...)Franktuary ,I want to love you, but I'm economically opposed.
3	This place is quirky in its own right.  The dogs are great quality and they're made-to-order.  From Chicago to Boston to Dahntown styles they're definitely dogs for all kinds of folk and tastes.  For the nit-picky person the setting and facilities might raise a warning flag or three, but taste the food and your fears will abate.'Pluses:  the hot dog themed gummies and Boyle's pop!!!
5	My fave hot dogs in Pennsylvania (so far), great dogs, good prices, great service. Yum yum. The only problem is, if you're dating a guy named Frank from Pittsburgh, chances are he won't be well groomed at all. (Frank-too-hairy). Ba-dum-bum.The dogs do take awhile to make, but they are certainly worth it! Pitt isn't famous for it's hot dogs like, say, New York, or Buffalo, or the streets of LA, or in particular Chicago, are, but if a dog is what you want in Western PA, this is the place to come. Very friendly, good selection, and very delicious, and it definitely has that local-y vibe to it. It also has that student-y vibe.Perhaps because dogs in this part of the world are a hot (no pun intended) commodity, they are a little pricey, but a pricey dog is only one dollar more expensive than a cheap dog, really, since dogs are so cheap anyway.I have a crush on the girl who served me.Excellent, overpriced hot dogs, delicious to the last bite, get the locally raised ones, super juicy, I highly recommend it. I lowly recommend it too, if I'm lying down. The people who work herre are really friendly and the girls are cute. 5/5
4	I ate here this past Friday with a dining partner.  We arrived at 11 for an early lunch and we were the only ones in the restaurant.  I have been here in the past at later times and the line has been pretty long so get their early.  The decor of the restaurant is nothing special but it does scream out local.  It is also cool to see their ticketing system as they have clips attached to a wire and literally and throw it back to the cooks.I had the both a Buffalo locavore and a Pittsburgh locavore.  The locovore is their organic grass-fed dog from Volant which is fairly close to Pittsburgh.  It it fairly large for a hot dog and has a great taste.  The buffalo dog has a good amount of hot sauce and blue cheese dressing on it, tasted great and was easy to eat.  The same could not be said for the Pittsburgh dog which was topped with a pierogi and so slaw.  I had to eat it all separately as I am not sure I could have fit the dog and toppings into my mouth but it was good.The bottom line for me is that I really enjoy this place and I am sure that I will be back at some point.  However, it is worth noting that it can get pretty expensive depending on what you order,
3	This restaurant has missed the mark for me. The hot dogs are not so great that they should charge any more than a dollar.  Even the street vendors serve better hotdogs.
3	This little hipster place offers Frankfurters in a former Church Sanctuary!  Duh. Franktuary.It's a clever idea, or not, I'm not sure....  We had a New Yorker and a Chicago Imposter dog.  They were OK....  Overpriced if you asked me....The best thing about this place is the selection of bottled Sodas.  I had a very nice Root Beer.
2	If I didn't have a Groupon to try this place, I probably only would have tried one hot dog.  And I'm not sure that I would have chosen wisely.  I definitely felt some pressure from the hipsters behind the counter.  I carefully picked 4 different hot dogs to see what I might like.  The results:The New Yorker was nothing special.  I don't know why, but I keep foolishly hoping to find a New York style hot dog in Pittsburgh that reminds me of the taste I had when I first tried Gray's Papaya.  Meanwhile, for the cost of this one hot dog I could have purchased the recession special at Gray's Papaya (2 hot dogs and a drink).  The Locavore was definitely my favorite.  I tried this one just naked so I could taste the dog and not the toppings disguising what I wanted to be a great tasting dog.  And it was, but for over $5, that seems a bit much.The Texan was a close second.  But with chili, cheese and jalepenos, how can you really mess this up?The Italy was meh.  I was expecting more flavor.  I was disappointed.When I combine all the ingredients (service, quality, price) I have to say that I'm not sure I would go back here.  Or recommend it.  I think there are better hot dog joints around Pittsburgh and I can't see spending $5 on one hot dog.  I won't even do that at a Pirates game.
3	I had a seminar downtown and was curious what all the hype was about. I figured gourmet hot dogs would do the trick for munching on outside and people watching with the hip downtown lunch hour crowd.This place is in a church basement, which could get slightly confusing if you do not peer through the doorway.Their menu is succinct, offering all natural beef dogs with a variety of toppings. I went with the texas style chili dog, as I love chilli and jalapenos. I ordered a side salad as well.The bun seemed like a regular dollar store hot dog bun. If you are going to serve me a "gourmet" hot dog, please use a gourmet bun. The dog was decent, but nothing I wouldnt be able to procure in a store and make myself. The Chilli topping was run of the mill regular chilli. Once again, I can make this at home.The salad was almost entirely spinach greens and perhaps 3 vegetables.My advice, lose the small weiner syndrome and give me something worth buying.I guess I will stick to Samuel L Jacksons advice and merely go for "tasty burgers" instead.
2	If you are going to charge a premium price for hot dogs, you had better get everything right. Any fool can buy decent, high quality hot dogs at their local butcher or even most big name grocery chains now.... and cooking a hot dog isn't exactly difficult, so to make a business like this worth walking into for me, you need the following:1 - a hot dog I can't get elsewhere.2- good quality bun, preferably more than one type3- a wide variety of toppings, all top qualityFranktuary gets none of this right. You have 3 hot dog choices: vegetarian, regular beef, or locally grown organic beef. The regular beef frank  is $2.90 with no toppings, and the organic beef is $5.30 plain!?!?!? I paid under $5 for an organic, locally sourced lamb hot dog with toppings at a ballpark in Frederick, MD - and that hot dog was handed to me, and prepared by, Bryan Voltaggio of Top Chef. Right off the bat, this place struck me as overpriced, but I figured I'd dive in anyway.The bun is your standard, bland, mainly only there as a holster for the hot dog type of bun. Their toppings - mostly just sad. They seem to shop for the majority of their toppings in the condiment aisle of the grocery store. The chili tasted like it was canned, the saurkraut tasted about the same, and the blue cheese dressing not only tasted prepackaged, it tasted like horribly cheap prepackaged dressing.The nail in the coffin for me was the Pittsburgh dog, topped with pierogie and cole slaw. In case you don't know, pierogies have been a staple Pittsburgh food forever, so if you're going to sell them, they had better be good. These were not. I don't know if they were prepackaged (if they were, SHAME ON YOU Franktuary! You can by fresh ones at church bake sales in Pittsburgh for goodness sake), but mine were hard around the edges where they had obviuosly been precooked and then reheated, most likely in a microwave. Just avoid this place. It's simply not worth their ridiculous markup. Go to your local grocery store, buy some good quality hot dogs and rolls, and for the $30 you'll save by not going to Franktuary, you can top them with lobster if you want and still have change.
4	Vegetarian poutine. Boom!
5	What a delightfully bizarre little place!Arriving in Pittsburgh after an 8 hour MegaBus ride, I was starving my vegetarian ass off.  A little dabbling on Yelp in the moments prior to de-coaching led me to Franktuary -- a hipster hot dog joint INSIDE A CHURCH.  Who knew?I kept it simple with a New York Style vegetarian hot dog.  All the components were there, were delicious, and quickly found their way into my belly.  A gummy hot dog accompanied my meal which was a fun, cheeky surprise.  Coming from NYC the prices seemed average to good, but perhaps a little high for Pittsburgh?As far as the space goes, it's pretty utilitarian and there's not much in the way of atmosphere, but it was homey and comfortable and the folks behind the counter were quite pleasant.  Overall this is a great lunch spot to get your dog on.  If I ever find myself in Pittsburgh again I will surely return.
5	Frankturary is awesome! I love the creativity with the hot dogs. As a vegan I appreciate the option for veggie dog. They also offer a grass fed beef. Certainly they know the community they are serving. The truck is also great!
2	Nothing special. I had two of the pre-configured dogs. standard. The texan & the Baja. The star rating description says exactly what I felt. meh. The dog itself was nicely cooked. Crisp skin, tasty, but small. The bun was fresh. The toppings were uneventful. In order for them to warrant the prices they charge, their dogs would have to be better than the others I've eaten. I'll give them another shot someday. Maybe try their perogies and configure my own toppings.
5	I was overnighting in Pitt and looking for a quick bite on the way out, and a hot dog shop in a church totally seemed like a great idea. Being from Chicago, I dig hot dogs. We are a city built on hot dogs. We have our own style. So I don't see Franktuary as a "hipster trend", as some have said. On the contrary, I find them to be innovative in their approach to toppings and ethical in their approach to community.I had the Pittsburgh Dog, which included a pierogi and cole slaw. This was a badass combo of flavor and texture which blended to make life seem worth living again. The crunch of the slaw (which was loaded with red cabbage and a creamy dressing without the sour), the softness of the pierogi (which softly whispered "make love to me" as I bit into it), colliding with the pop as you bit into the sausage itself did well.Here in Chicago, we have some chain spots that are banging ingredients together to be  .... uh ... I don't know, funny? This reckless juxtaposition of ingredients without consideration of how well they will play together is just stupid. Franktuary, to me, didn't do that. Everything seemed crafted and thought out.Prices are actually not that bad. Yes, you pay more for local, organic meat. But I ain't mad. I'll pay more for a hot dog that had a name and good home. If we all start actually ponying up and buying local, prices will go down. I know, I know. The sodas appeared to be local as well, or at least I hadn't heard of them. And i got a gummy hot dog.I was surprised that there were no fries, and on asking, it was clear that they didn't have a fryer ... being in a church basement. But this almost impressed me. It's clear that they were working with what they had. I'm sure they could have paid for a storefront with a fryer and all that, but by being in the church, they were finding another way to support the community they were in. I dig that. I ain't gonna fault it.So, yeah. Why not? Don't be grumpy about it, oh ye Yelpers. This place is local, unique, tasty, and trying to be ethical at the same time. That's five stars in my playbook.
3	When you want a hotdog and a drink and don't mind paying a bit more for it, this place is fine. It's clean, it's nice, MOST of the waitstaff is friendly, but this one waitress looked at us like we were from another planet when we tried to order food past 11 on a weeknight. Pittsburgh needs more places serving food late at night and we thought Franktuary was going to be one of them. Sadly we were wrong, so we hightailed it to Primanti Bros. 24 Hours!
5	Delicious hot dogs and poutine.  Great way to grab a quick bite before a night of drinking, or to round out a night of drinking!  Love the local offerings.
2	Meh. Sure, the hot dogs are good, and you can get it piled with toppings. But it's quite expensive for what you get!And I was really excited to see they had Poutine on the menu, as my Canadian brethren had told me legends about the stuff. But I came away a little disappointed. Guess I'll have to wait until I end up in Quebec to try it again!
2	Upon further reflection, I have realized: It's JUST A HOTDOG.
1	I love hot dogs and expected much more of this place. It didn't seem expensive when seeing the menu but the hot dogs are really small, you don't get much of each topping and they charge you separately even for the bun! I felt ripped-off and will definitely not return. Simple food should stay simple.
3	I don't get the 5 star reviews?!?I finally went to Franktuary during lunch and had such high hopes considering the reviews it gets.  The place is in a little nook inside a church which is cool and all.  They have Boylans sodas which is hip.  They do all kinds of favors to Vegans and localvores, again neat.  What got me was they that serve the dogs on subpar buns....That being said I got 2 dogs.  The Detroit and the Chicago.The Detroit was good, chili, mustard, onions with a good dog.  I was surprised by the lack of snap though and the chili seemed like a haphazard throw together.  Basically just beans.....I've had better.The Chicago was an impostor.  Poppy seeds in place of celery seed and banana peppers in place of sport peppers.....I really am not sure what the hype is....I'll go back and see what some other dogs do for me I guess.
3	Went here for the first time today.  Had a Boylan Birch Beer (probably the best ) coupled with the Pittsburgh dog.  The dog comes with pirogis and coleslaw and I had the upgraded all beef New Zealand Frankfurter.  It was good.  The dog is a little skimpy but the casing has serious snap.  The slaw is fresh and delicious, but was piled on a bit too high.  The pirogis were a great addition.  There was also a post meal hot dog shaped gummy treat. The next time I go i think I will get two standard chili dogs and review from there.
3	All of the peripherals make it impossible not to recommend this place---great name, unique location, creative menu, bright open seating area.  Being from out of town, the local soda offerings in the cooler and local chips were refreshing.  The hot dog modifications on the menu were interesting and I would like to try all of them.  The wheat bun was especially good and helped hold all the toppings in.  The hot dog itself (the regular dog, not the premium) was just so so, kind of the afterthought to the sandwich.  For the price, I want that hot dog to be bigger, juicier, and tastier.
4	The dogs are good but I was expecting a better value. Awesome that it is in the bottom of a church. Recommended
5	Hot dog these hot dogs are delicious! No but seriously you have to try these hot dogs. I love hot dogs and I love gourmet and this is a beautiful marriage blessed by god of the two. I always try their dog of the month but also have several favsies in particular the mexican of yeah and the hotdogs and the spicy mustard!! and they have fun delicious specialty sodas!!! Did I mention I love this place!!!
2	I used to love Franktuary's downtown location. I stopped in the other day for a quick dog but was really surprised to find a remodeled restaurant... but not in a good way.The walls and tables used to be colorful and added life to the room. Now, in keeping with their name, everything has been replaced with church pews and an accompanying hushed and stale air. Even the self-serve condiments are gone from the pick up counter. The room is now empty and lifeless. Where is the comment board full of drawings, suggestions, and responses? Where is the color? Where is any splash of excitement? I'm not even sure any music was playing.Don't get me wrong, the dogs are still delicious. The atmosphere is just terrible now. I can't help but think that the downtown location has fallen by the wayside in the wake of the more popular Lawrenceville location.I probably won't be coming back.
2	I'm not really sure why I try things that I should know better than trying.  M and I came in at about noon on a Tuesday.  There were about 2-3 other tables and the very super friendly and nice girl behind the counter listed off the specials for the day since she was in the state of writing them as we walked in:Dog with blue cheese, sauteed mushrooms and baconBeer cheese soup with cornbread croutonsPeppermint hot chocolate with chocolate covered candy cane. Yes, please!  However, as I am always watching calories and some days more than others and I thought with the hot chocolate, I should do something more, I ordered the veggie dog.  To say it was a bad idea would be a grave understatement. Now, I fully admit that this might have been my complete fault.  I bet that their 5 dollar locavore dog would have been amazing, but to say that the vegan tofu dog was disgusting would be an understatement.  I really felt like a little kid and wanted to spit it out.  What bothered me the most was the texture - mushy, pink goo.  Thank you, no.  I opted to take the dog out of the bun and eat the bun, delicious blue cheese, well-done mushrooms and bacon.  All in all, not bad for a bun sandwich.  I should have known better than to order the soup.  They always appear at the South Side Soup Crawl and every year I vote them most disgusting of soups.  While the flavor of the beer cheese wasn't bad - very beer-y - the texture was again all wrong.  Kind of like broth with floating cheese pieces.  The croutons however were delicious. The hot chocolate was fine, but also had weird floaters in it.I did enjoy the gummy dog that you get with their meal. I would like to say that I would be back, but I think that soy dog is going to stick with me for a very long time. I totally support what they are trying to do in this interesting space, but sadly, it's just not for me.
2	Came here just to try the Poutine and have a couple drinks with a friend and my niece on a recent trip to Pitt.  My 2 star rating is on the poutine only.  The restaurant itself was a very cool place, with a  cool modern design and menu.  The server was super friendly and the drinks we had were really good.  I had a Pico sour here for the first time and I loved it!!  So the restaurant, ambiance and service were 4 stars.  The Poutine......They had a couple versions of poutine to choose from other than the traditional gravy and cheese curds that had other toppings like the Philly had sauce and peppers I think.  We tried the traditional Quebec style poutine and I was so excited to eat it but as soon as it arrived I knew it wasn't going to be good.  Why you ask??.....well the traditional gravy is just that a smooth brown beef gravy and if you look at the picture it looked and tasted nothing like that.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  Not sure what the flavor was or if they had just down right ruined the sauce and served it anyway.  We ate maybe half between the 3 of us but no one was impressed and I think it sat in all of our stomachs in a bad way.  If we ever go back to Pitt we might just try a different poutine or just stick with what they are good at the hot dogs lol!
2	Definitely was not blown away by Franktuary. Meatballs were subpar at best and the hot dog were okay. The best part was the fries and the dipping sauces available. I've only been there once but I don't think I would go again. Nothing special at all.
2	It isn't that Franktuary is bad, it is just way overpriced and way overrated. Their hot dogs range from classic to extravagant with many options in between, but nothing really grabs your gut and twists, bellowing, "Eat me you silly beast! I was made for you and you alone." Some of the waitstaff act a bit too cool for school. I mean, I get it, you slang fancy hotdogs downtown to flabby baby boomers and young professional bros. Still, cheer up a bit, kids. It isn't the end of the world.
