5	You know sometimes you get that sudden urge to consider food absolutely gorgeous?  Ever watched those insanely nerve-wracking pastry competitions on the Food Network with the petit fours, and mini desserts, and sugar showpieces, and chocolate showpieces? Now find yourself in the middle of Caesar's Palace in a small, well, enclave, where the endless jarring of sensory overload suddenly melts away and you're surrounded by subtle colors and scents...  This is Payard Patisserie and BIstro.  Francois Payard is a very famous, award-winning chef.  I'm not sure if he's M.O.F.  But, he is a portly, jolly-looking fellow.  He was there, dressed in jeans and a chocolate-colored chef jacket, making the rounds on opening day of his new patiserrie in Vegas.  My own personal Santa Claus.I was so thrilled when I heard this place would be opening the day I was in Vegas.  I had traveled to the state of Nevada to take in some outlet shopping with me maa and my sister at the stateline.  We stayed overnight, and I was so consoled to know that this place would finally be open.  It was such a tease walking by the "Coming Soon" wall with the delicious little desserts painted on the wall...  Finally, I get to taste this man's creations!!The menu features crepes, sandwiches, Croque Monsieur on the savory side; as well as parfaits (hee hee), ice cream, pastries, and of course, those gorgeous looking tarts and such.  We ordered a ham and cheese crepe, a croissant and one decadent dessert called a Vienne with dark chocolate ganache and caramel and orange marmalade and a thin wafer cookie at the bottom.   Aaoaooahaaaoahah it was soooooooooo good!!!!  It was gorgeous and delicious and decadent and lovely and beautiful and velvety and gooey and...just all these damn adjectives.  I could go on and on.The shop itself is small.  There's no doorway, just some openings around the edge.  There are swirling designs that extend into some of the spaces right at the entrance, with all sorts of goodies displayed in glass.  The colors are all fairly subtle, but so semptuous--lots of chocolately browns and tans.  The chandeliers totally looked like those sugar showpieces made of pulled and blown sugar.  After we ate and gambled away some time, my sister and I returned to make some purchases at the store.  I wonder if we were among the first to purchase anything aside from the ready-made foods.  The cashiers seemed a little rusty on what items correspond to which names.  I purchased a "purse" of truffles and some beautiful pieces of chocolate with assorted nuts.  And I bought two pieces of individual chocolate, you know the perfectly square ones with all sorts of gorgeous decorations at the top.  I purchased a white chocolate rasberry and a dark chocolate with Earl Grey infusion.  I am saving my appetite for all this.  I didn't want to find myself chucking them back on the long and horrendous ride back from Vegas.  I will certainly report back when I try them.I hope many of you can visit the patisserie in the months to come.  I'm eager to know if there's more coming, or if there are any menu changes.  Happy eating!!
3	This past Friday night, the day after the Patisserie opened, we decided to try out their dessert tasting since we love sweets! I've been to Chef Payard's New York store, and enjoyed the desserts there so we were very excited. Reservations were at 9:00 pm and we left almost at midnight. We ordered the dessert tasting which came with 3 dessert courses we select from($45) and added the dessert wine tasting ($20) to that. It took forever for each dessert course to be served to us, we could definetly tell it was their dry run.  It was a treat that Chef Payard was there making the desserts himself along with some other chefs.  The desserts were definetly delicious, along with the wines. But I'm giving this place a 3 star because of the service and hoping it will get better our second time around. The desserts were definetly 4 1/2 starts.
3	I have been excited about this shop opening since I first heard about it.  Payard has done some exciting things in his career and is known for having high standards, but I was left a bit disappointed.The shop itself is beautiful and fairly easy to find inside Caesars.  The staff was very friendly, but surprisingly unfamiliar with the product.  I tried a Vienne pastry ($6.50) that consisted of a thin vanilla sponge cake, chocolate mousse, orange marmalade, soft caramel and a hard chocolate coating.  The flavors were well balanced without the orange overpowering the rest and overall tasted very good, however the chocolate coating had an unpleasant waxy  texture that lingered in my mouth and stuck to my teeth at the end.  I purchased several filled chocolates ($1.50 ea.), but thought the variety was limited.  The white chocolate and passionfruit ganache was my favorite.  The lady waiting on me gave me the wrong caramel (I asked for coffee, but got chocolate).  These were good, but not as good as other high-end chocolates I have tried.  The execution was nice, but the chocolate decor was very basic.I would expect the service to improve over the next few weeks, but those chocolates should have been a good example of what Payard stands for.  He was onsite and I would expect he is overseeing at least these items that are made in advance, considering that, I feel let down.
5	Do you have any idea how heaven would taste? Well visit payard and have one of its amazing pastries.. they will cut you back $6 ($3 for a chocolate-covered strawberry) but oh-so-worth-it
5	If you're looking for ideas for Valentine's Day -- check out Francois Payard's lovely patisserie and restaurant...Francois is incredible (I'm a fan of his food and blessed that he's a friend of mine and my husband's)  -- and while he's in New York running his business, he is blessed to have Gregoire (who was the exec pastry chef of Mix -- Ducasse's outpost at Mandalay) at the helm.  Greg brought the precious and talented Dyan Ng with him -- she understudied with Greg at Mix -- but began her career with Eric Klein in Beverly Hills at Maple Drive.  (Eric  heads up Spago Vegas now...).   It's not just about chocolate and pastries here -- granted the shop is a impressive-- if you didn't know, you'd expect them to be selling the finest jewels here, the shop is so gorgeous (but a lot more delicious than Tiffany -- for some women at least!)  In addition to the lovely shop, there is a terrific restaurant - the layout here seems more formal than in his NYC location -- but don't be intimidated.  They're working hard here -- breakfast, lunch, dinner and post-show dessert!  Tasting menus!  Incredible wine list -- terrific champagnes! It's small and intimate -- and oh so very very French.  Think Left Bank (if you can tune out the sturm and drang of the casino floor...) without having to speak the language.   Bon Appetit!
5	This is the best breakfast secret in Vegas!  A continental breakfast buffet that starts with beautiful table service in a small stylish art nouveau influenced 16 table tea room with white leather banquettes.  This is a place that seems like it is right out of the 1940's to dazzle your mom, your Auntie Mame, for a special treat, or just to get away from the hustle of the casino.  After choosing delicious french roast coffee and orange juice, you can select from the most delectable assortment of croissants and other pastries that are the finest you can imagine; a selection of bagels with the best quality HOUSE-MADE smoked salmon, cream cheese wedges, capers, thinly shaved red onion and delicious red ripe tomatoes; 'parfaits' of yogurt with their own house made granola, cereals and milk, and other accompaniments.  Everything presented is of the highest quality, and makes you feel like you've taken a quick trip to Paris!  If you desire something else, there is a full menu including incredible omelettes and brioche french toast as well, but the deal here is - Continental Breakfast Buffet!  I think it was even under $20. with tax and tip, and stuffed as you are, I swear you will go back again before the end of your Vegas trip for more desserts, cafe au lait, sandwiches and snacks, and maybe even the late night Dessert Tasting Menu...  But definitely start with the breakfast!
5	I don't really know where to start. If I had to chose between steady 2000 calorie an hour, mattress scorching sex and an occasional Francios Payard dessert, I think I would have to chose dessert. it is a prix Fixe menu. You can chose 3 courses for $45. We chose 6. First up was the Olive Savory Macaron with Gorgonzola Ice Cream.  Olive as a dessert? Who knew? Well, we should of, because I can't believe I wasted 35 years of my life not eating this.  We also chose the Poached Pear with pomegranate and Szechaun Pepper Ice Cream. I never thought I'd find an ice cream that i prefered to Ben&Jerry's Creme Brulee. If only I could pick this stuff up in a pint at my local WAWA.  From the Coffee, Caramel and Nuts menu we chose the Peanut Butter Napoleon, with milk chocolate and rice krispies. Now you are so speaking my language.  Gorgeous presentation, delicious. Hated sharing it.  We also chose the Coffee Eclair, which looked amazing, but I did not get to taste. I was too slow. From the Orchard, we went with Apple Three Ways. I just liked name. It was the only thing that did not stand out flavorwise, but it was still very good. It was a Cardamon Strussel, Granny Smith sorbet and apple chips. Delicous, but overshadowed by everything else on the table.  Last but not least, was the Devil's Food Cake, with Chocolate pudding and whipped Creme Fraiche. Absolutely fantastic. I am ruined for anything else now.
3	This is a review of the walk up counter at Payard, Patisserie and Bistro at Caesars Palace.There are very few places to grab a take away food at Caesars Palace. You have to wait in a long line and watch them prepare other food like crepes and walk past their  pre-made quiches and croq monsieurs until you get to the place where you can order, and then you have to wait some more. I had a  milky cappuccino and an okay chocolate croissant  -  lot's of chocolate.  Most chocolate croissant don't have enough chocolate in them. This one, though, in every bite, had chocolate. The croissant wasn't the best, but with chocolate in every bite, how can you go wrong?
5	I visited the Payard Bistro for lunch during my most recent Las Vegas trip and was quite impressed by the atmosphere, quality of food, and service.  I found the decor to be quite charming with a high-end appearance which I really liked.  The wait staff was super-friendly and attentive.  I think we had at least 3 people happily waiting on us and making sure everything was alright.  The bistro kitchen is creatively situated in the center of the dining room so we can watch the chefs freshly prepare our meals.  They, too, were quite amiable, take pride in their craft, and are genuinely pleased to see their clients enjoying their cuisine.My spinach quiche was fluffy, creamy, and absolutely delicious.  My sister had the braised short ribs, tender morsels of melt-in-your-mouth goodness.  My other sister ordered the croque madame, a ham and cheese sandwich topped with a fragrant, crisp coating of broiled gruyere and finished with an egg.  Each bite was heaven!And who can forget the desserts?  Payard is known for being an incredible patisserie.  It's funny, I don't remember what we had exactly, but I can tell you that everything was to die for, so make sure you save room for sweets.I am pleasantly surprised that there is a restaurant in Las Vegas that serves amazing French cuisine without forcing you to break the bank.
4	my first visit to Payard was last december...i went for the prix fixe dinner...which is a three course dessert for dinner deal. for the price it wasn't bad and the service was great. they started us off with a savory amuse. the desserts i had were great, too. i raved and raved to my friends when i got back, so on this most recent trip my friend and i went to payard bistro hoping to experience the prix fixe dessert for dinner, only to find out that they were no longer offering dinner at all! just breakfast and lunch, to our dismay. but since it was lunch time, my friend and i gave it a whirl.we started off by sharing a caesar salad...had anchovies and a poached egg. it was by far one of the best caesar salads i've had. i followed that with eggs benedict on a croissant instead of an english muffin. it was so light and tasty...i'm a big fan of eggs benedict in general but usually get weighed down with the hollandaise sauce, but the hollandaise at payard had a big zing of citrus which just made it that much better for me. my friend had the braised short ribs and she liked that as well. we both followed it up with dessert...i mean, come on, it's a patisserie...of course you have to have dessert! i had the beaux arts, a cassis mousse, and my friend had the louvre, a chocolate and hazelnut mousse concoction. both were great and can also be purchased at the walk up counter right next door.after we were done with lunch, we popped in over to the walk up counter and got a "picasso" truffle...dark chocolate infused with earl grey tea. a perfect ending.
4	Decadent and simply scrumptious. The three of us had a variety from the menu, from coffee, gelato to fancy pastries.  Every creation was very delicious with good service that was also very quick.
3	After reading about Payard Bistro's continental breakfast in the L.A. Times, I basically planned a Vegas trip around it.  So, it was a bit of a disappointment to learn that the price went up to $22 from $16, and that they didn't have chocolate croissants the day I went.  What they did have were muffins, butter & almond croissants, cereal, bagels, parfaits, and a variety of fresh fruit.  While all excellent, there was no way I could eat that much carbs.  My stomach had enough after one almond croissant, which had a perfect crunchy outside and moist center.  Service was excellent, and the bistro's yellow and brown decor looks like something out of Charlie & the Chocolate factory - in a good, French way.  They also have a regular breakfast menu of waffles, omelets, sandwiches, etc, that I would try, but, I wouldn't do the continental breakfast again because it would be cheaper to go a la carte at the patisserie.
4	Fuck the continental breakfast.  Get the creamy, slightly tangy eggs benedict on a flaky, butterfly, slightly doughy in the center croissant.  Coffee was so good I didn't have to put any creamer or sweetener. Service was excellent 'cause it's Vegas baby~Lovely upscale decor with sumptuous fabrics, perfect setting for 3 girls to get together the morning after for some post-barhopping, post-coital, post-drama commentaries.
1	I hate this place.  They burned the soy milk in my latte.  Is that even possible?  Plus, they're totally biting off of Angelina's in Paris and it's not even subtle.  They lifted the font, the pinstripe and the color is maybe one shade off. I'll end this review with three words that I think sum it up nicely:FIVE DOLLAR BANANAS
1	We went on a family trip and my father had not been to Vegas in years so we gave him the grand tour of all the hotels.  While we were browsing I saw this really pretty patisserie.  I thought to myself... why not check it out! For the full review and pics go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/beautiful-on-outside-but-lacking-taste.htmlWow, what a wast of money.  I looked and looked at the baked goods but nothing popped out at me.  My sister went after I did and she walked out scoffing at what they offered as well as the prices.  Okay I know we are in Vegas and things tend to be pretty expensive... but that does not mean you should pay a lot for bad tasting food! The only reason I wanted something really bad was to put it on my website and since the store looked pretty I wanted to give it a try.  I was keeping an open mind and giving it a chance.  I wasted $10 for a bag of 6 or so mignardises.  They were bland and had a gritty texture.  I almost gagged eating this.So not worth the money! It is pretty to look at but do not waste your money here.  There are many bakeries 100x better than here!
4	Last day of get-away...We heard the French toast here at Payard was not to be missed but we all shared just one order (hearsay, you know). Nice but the fruit topping kinda over-powered the French toast.We all had the eggs Benedict with a nice lemony hollandaise sauce served on a croissant instead of the standard muffin. Good but there was some hoopla whether they each had one or two eggs. I can't imagine the cooking 4 of them and hmm, I'll one egg in two and two in the other two orders.We had a wonderful waitress who kept right on everything.
4	Tucked away in the corner of Caesars Palace it is no wonder that many people do not even realize Payard exists, let alone the fact that it serves up some of the most delectable breakfast items in Vegas.  Known for his New York Outpost, Payard himself is rarely found at this location (unlike Jean-Philippe over at the Bellagio) but the shop, scene, and food are no less impressive.Arriving in Vegas around 8am local time after a non-stop flight, I got checked in and made my way to Payard by 10:05 for breakfast.  Though the all-you-can-eat continental buffet was still ongoing, I first stopped in the Patisserie to browse chocolate and dessert selections, and to pick up some candies for my mother and aunt.  While everything was beautiful and the crepes appeared wonderful, the prices were decidedly even worse than Jean Phillipe and the selection less impressive.  After making my purchase I made my way next door for breakfast.Seating was readily available and the friendly attendant/waitress seated me near a window next to two rather crude foreign businessmen who preceded to discuss their sex lives quite loudly in public.  Though the waitress once asked them to keep it down, it did not really help.  So much for class.....thankfully they were easy to ignore as I watched the chef perform his craft at the wide open kitchen station in the middle of the restaurant.Coffee was pretty standard fare and was served quickly and refilled mostly adequately (I was empty for a good 5 minutes between cups 2 and 3) despite there being multiple servers who appeared to be standing around chatting amongst themselves.  For breakfast I opted for the Almond Croissant and the Payard Chocolate Waffles with Nutella and Caramelized Bananas.Served first, the Croissant was heavenly with a buttery crisp crust surrounding a flawlessly fluffy center stuffed (and I mean jam packed) with almond compote.  Sweet yet savory, this was and still is the best Croissant I've ever tasted in terms of texture and second best in terms of taste (sorry, the Almond Chocolate Croissant at Bouchon is a revelation.)My second dish was the Waffles and all I can do is be amazed.  Small yet incredibly decadent, the portion was just right.....any more and I'd have been overly full.  The waffles were soft and fluffy (unlike the super-crisp chocolate waffles at Norma's NYC) while the Bananas were perfectly sweet and succulent.  The Nutella was more than ample, as well.  All said, a beautiful and tasty dish that I'd certainly recommend.My only complaint aside from my co-diners and the coffee would be the fact that everything felt quite rushed....my whole meal lasting a mere 40 minutes and check delivered without asking if there was anything else I wanted.  My server only visited the table when delivering an item or to collect the bill and the to-go coffee I was promised was never delivered.  All told, fantastic food in a so-so environment with so-so service.  High prices, but absolutely worth it, and a breakfast that would be "best of" in many other cities.See profile site for full review with formatted pics.
4	This review is for the sit down part of the restaurant (not the express to go area). We wanted to eat some place different for breakfast, the food here is good ( we didn't eat from breakfast buffet), I had a classic croque, which this toasted bread that had this buttery flakiness like a crossiant, ham/cheese that came with a side salad.It is pricey here, since for a glass of OJ (happens to be fresh squeezed) is $6. The service was prompt, friendly, it was neat to watch the chefs cooking since there kitchen is in a circular shape.
5	This place is a hidden gem.My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this place while checking out the Italian eatery in Ceasar's Palace. This is a great place to have breakfast or lunch. We ordered and shared the Brie sandwich (toasted) and the french bread was absolutely delicious. For dessert, we went with the recommendation of the girl working the counter - I don't remember the name off hand but it had hazelnut and chocolate crusted filing and a hard chocolate shell. It was delicious. I would definitely come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Best... almond croissant... ever!We ate here twice the last time we were in Vegas. The first time we sat down at the full restaurant & had the continental breakfast. It was fun to try all the different pastries, but the next time we just went straight for the almond croissants from the takeout place next door. They were totally the highlight - and definitely the best croissant I have ever tasted!
3	We made the mistake of ordering sandwiches here, instead of pastries.This reminds me of a souped up corner cafe/kiosk (or a gourmet Starbucks/Coffee bean) you find inside a mall, that emulates to be a coffee/tea/juice spot with an over-extended menu. Just like Starbucks/Coffee bean, the pre-made, clear-wrapped sandwiches are sitting in the display case at roughly $10 a pop. Personal preference: I don't like it when sandwiches are pre-made sitting in display cases. However, they do toast/warm it up for you. Sometimes, keeping it simple is the better way to go. It would be better if they just kept it with coffee &amp; pastries to go. Overall: I wanted some chicken sandwich with my salt. Good golly, I have no idea how they prepare all their sandwiches. I was so disappointed with the saltiness, I tried the other sandwiches - which were equally, if not more salty as well. Hmf. The bread however was all kinds of good and right - crusty, chewy, hard and soft.Pricey OJ - Fresh squeezed - $5-6 (I forget) for 12 oz. The coffee pricing is on par. Espresso is STRONG.
4	They had DELISH chocolate crossaints!  I got the breakfast buffet, for $22.  I honestly didn't think it was worth it.  It is a tiny little buffet bar, and there wasn't that much there actually.  The muffins were very good, and they had an excellent cheese danish (also probably one of the best i've had).  My boyfriend got an ommlette and it was light and fluffy, and very good too.I would definitely go here again and order pastries, just not the breakfast buffet.  Seriously, amazing chocolate crossaints cheese danishes!
3	Wow, prices are high. Nutella crepe is around $9 and add $3 for bananas!! Apple crepe was very good. Whipped cream is very rich. Their flourless chocolate cookie is excellent.I found a BOGO coupon given out by Wyndham.
4	Amazingly delicious croissants. Especially the chocolate. The almond is a little on the intensely sweet side, but still good. If it weren't for the croissants this place would be just mediocre.Their breakfast buffet is small, but I enjoyed it. I ordered a cafe au lait but the waiter gave me a regular coffee instead :[. He seemed a little frazzled, and it wasn't even that crowded. On the window counter side, they have ready made sandwiches and quiches, which are decent enough. The pastries are pretty damn good, and presented nicely. The crepes were good, but definitely overpriced. The macarons were a disappointment, but I have yet to find macarons in America that taste like the real thing. They have boxed up chocolates which are delicious. I like the little discs of milk, dark and white chocolate covered in nuts and fruits. The specialty and wedding cakes they have on display are gorgeous and always leave me drooling.
3	Amazing breakfast sandwiches!!!  A friend got some food from here so we could hit the road, and it wasn't your run of the meal Jack in the Crap!  Payard has some kind of breakfast sandwich with thick cut bacon and some kind of egg "souffle" in the middle.  And their fresh berry cups had perfectly ripe fruit.  This place is a real winner. I want to dine in next time!!!
3	We arrived for our breakfast reservation 5 minutes early. They did not seat us until 20 minutes later after I raised a stink that we were going to be late for our meeting after breakfast. The hostess said they were seating people who did not have reservations as well. The service was good once we were seated. The continental buffet was $22 not including espresso drinks. The croissants are to die for and the fruit cups were very good. Good atmosphere. My espresso macchiato  was sub-standard with airy foam.
4	Pear Napolean is soooo incrediably light and bursting with flavorFlourless Chocolate Cookie has the right sweetness and very nuttyChocolate Rice Krispy Treats are so buttery and denseI am one happy customer who will be returning!But if I have to choose between Payard and Jean-Phillip, Jean-Phillip wins this round!
3	Payard is a bustling patisserie nestled in the Caesars Palace Tower. For a week, I confronted the challenges of my conference sated by French pastries, brioche, and dessert crepes. Though the crepes were a bit chewy and strongly flavored (no delicate hand was used to fill them), the delightfully buttery brioche and fresh pear and apple fillings made choosing Payard in the mornings a thing of habit. In the center of the shop, an intricately scrolled chocolate clock stands majestically, its gears accented with a bronze patina, releasing chocolate truffles down chutes as it chimes. That its chime is reminiscent of Pink Floyd reminds you that you are still in Las Vegas.Payard's artisan chocolates, caramelized almonds, coconut confections, macaroons, and preserves are also available for purchase in the shop. Having only sampled the truffles, I daresay these treats are worth savoring, but not worth their substantial price. Still, recommended.
4	Conveniently located in the casino level close to the Palace Tower, this pastry place is good for grab-and-go breakfast. I had the lemon almond bricohe ($4.00) and the grapefruit juice ($6.00). The brichoe is very good. I wouold go back next time.
4	I cannot vouch for all of their pastries and treats but my family and I had a very tasty breakfast in the bistro portion of Payard. The croque madame, quiche and eggs benedict were all very tasty. The croque madame bread was nicely crusted with cheese and the egg was perfectly cooked. Much better than any of the other cafe type joints in most of the hotels. I had what was one of the best almond croissants I have ever had. Ask them to warm it up for you! It makes all the difference. Only drawback is the seated portion of Payard is on the smaller side so unless you get there early, expect a wait. If you want a lighter, European style breakfast, Payard hits the spot.
4	She said..." So we only had about 10 mins to spare for breakfast before leaving caesars. So we got the egg and cheese breakfast sandwich, sooo yummy. It was on the ciabatta bread which was really warm and fresh tasting. There was egg with spinach in it, bacon and some type of cheese, not sure what kind. It was really yummy and filling. We also go their homemade crossiants, they were really flaky and warm. They also have deserts, crepes, ice cream and a lot of other homemade pasteries. I would go back here next time im at casears."He said," So for a last minute breakfast before we left...this wasn't a bad deal. We split a cheese, egg and bacon sandwich and it was probably one of the best I've had. Prices are steep...and I wouldn't recommend buying the 7 dollar orange juice...thats just redic...Also I wouldn't eat the crossiant and the sandwich in the taxi...we made a mess inside...too many flakes...very good food..thats not shipped in by truck frozen...yea like starbucks hard as a rock crossiants.."
5	The most AMAZING breakfast to be found at Payard After stalking them out on Yelp, Sis & I planned our visit for a scrumptious brunch to send us on our way, back to SF Wait staff was uber-friendly & super-attentive w/ the water & coffee which was incredibly appreciated, given our state of dehydration & decaffeination Sis had the Cheddar & Broccoli Quiche w/ a side of Pommes Rissolet; the Brioche French Toast for me Quiche was thick & high & the crust tasted completely homemade - buttery & flaky French Toast was the best I have *ever* tasted - so custardy that it pulled apart like goopy custard - paired w/ freshly macerated fruit in all its own natural juices, provided the perfect amount of sweetness The Home Fries were phenomenal - flash fried, we see this huge plume of fire coming up from the prep area but the chef wasn't worried so we knew all was well.....that fire crisped up the taters but left them mushy on the inside = ooo, ahh, heaven And Sis, who is a ketchup fan, didn't even feel the need to use a drop b/c those taters were so yummy Payard is definitely our GO-TO b-fast spot for all our future Vegas jaunts!!
3	Payard is one of the few places in Vegas that sells macarons so of course I had to try it.  I got the last box of macarons that day (a dozen for $28 + tax).  Included pistachio, rose, chocolate, lemon and raspberry flavors.  They came in the fanciest box ever.  Too bad they didn't taste as good as it looked.  The macarons were alright...nothing spectacular though.
4	I have had a few of their crepes but not all.  I definitely could say that whenever we are in Ceasar's Palace, I make it a point to go to this place and get one of their crepes for either breakfast or just at anytime of the day.  I love the sweet crepes more than the savory crepes.  I just think the sweet ones like the nutella or the ones filled with fruits are much more flavorful and makes you say "wow...it's soooo good", while you close your eyes to savor the moment. I suggest you try the crepes in this place, the ingredients are fresh and the servings are big enough to share.  The price is good, only $9 for a big serving.  And don't forget the pastries, I have tasted some of them and they are also filled with yummy goodness =)
4	Had the eggs benedict in the bistro and the home fries. Both were out of this world. It's pretty pricey for breakfast and service was a little stuffy which is what kept it from 5 stars but it's pretty darn good food.
3	My fiance and I went to Payard's for their continental breakfast on morning. Anticipating one the best pastry experiences, we were both ready for a great treat.In one word: eh.The pastries themselves were quite good - nice and flaky croissants however there was a limited selection when we went. Other than pastries there was only yogurt parfait, smoked salmon slices with necessary condiments. Not much else I'm afraid.Considering the other places there are to eat in Vegas, it's kind of a rip to pay the price for continental breakfast here. To be honest, the breakfast quality and pastries are better at Bouchon by far (lemon curd scone -- to die for).
5	After a day of technical talks and a night of OK, we didn't drink very much beer the night before.  But anyways, we HAD been looking for a good breakfast spot in Las Vegas.  The Peppermill is just large crappy portions and not worth the money.  The spot in our hotel was way too greasy and again overpriced.  Now, Payard is not cheap, but compared to our previous two experiences, it was reasonable, and IMO is a good price for a breakfast in Las Vegas considering what you get.  We ordered an Eggs Benedict and Eggs Florentine, which are both served on croissants here with perfectly poached eggs on topped with delicious Hollandaise.   While we waited, we enjoyed some coffee that was quite good and munched on the little breads they brought us while listening to a group of cougars next to us, who seem to have never gotten out of high school.  We liked the garlic bread and the onion bread the best, and if you request it, they will fill your basket with whichever breads you choose.  The coffee is refilled for free, as much as you can drink. We arrived too late for breakfast, but fortunately, they do serve eggs all day, but next time we would like to sample the breakfast buffet.  Oh yes, there will be a next time.
4	Bistro Review -The summer tasting menu is a steal!  Lunch size appropriate appetizer - Caprese salad, a nice flaky, tender halibut filet, and a finish of granita/sorbet in a sweet rhubarb sauce - all for $19!Anyhow, my girls got the actual breakfast - quiche and eggs, while I opted for the tasting menu.  The halibut was cooked medium rare, and served in a tiny casserole pot, complete with thinly sliced potato and tomato, in a beautiful presentation.  The butter was over the top, but I hardly ever consume it, surely it's okay?Espresso is delightful - strong, crisp, slightly acidic....mmmmmm.......I had the iced latte from the patisserie on the day we left and it was a bit disappointing.  More milky than strong, but still delicious.  I wish I had gotten a sandwich, but having a one hour flight wouldn't be wise to spend $10 on a sandwich.
5	MMMMMMM, this restaurant left me wanting more! We had the chocolate waffles w/ Nutella and a Ham and Cheese Omelette. Sounds heavy, but it was quite the opposite.  Not overly heavy as most of the restaurants are in LV. Can't wait to go back!
5	Amazing pastries.  A must visit if you are in Vegas.
4	I saw a huge crepe station inside this quaint, posh patisserie so I had to get in line. Mmmmm they looked so good! Once I got to the register, they told me the wait would be about 30 mins! I couldn't wait that long, so I picked up an apple danish. It was really light and the pastry was flaky. Delish! The ambiance of the place was impressive and grand like everything else in Ceaser's. The line moves fast for the drinks and food but the wait for crepes will be long! I was determined to have a crepe from here, so the next morning I returned, only to find out that the wait was 40 minutes. =( I settled for a large iced white mocha, which was satisfying anyway. I grabbed one for my friend too and the total came out to $15. Wowzers.
5	Let them eat cake! During my stay at Caesar's Palace this past weekend I discovered the most amazing patisserie. My sister and I were heading to the Forum Shops and found Payard Patisserie and Bistro. Chocolates, pastries and ice cream oh my! I seriously wanted just about everything in this shop. The pastries were so beautiful...almost too beautiful to consume! Almost. ;) I purchased a box of chocolates as a gift for someone I know who adores chocolates. Word is they are some of the best chocolates ever. I also selected a package of Madelines which were so plump and fluffy. I even saw little flecks of vanilla bean. So yummy! One night after dinner we decided we could all go for a sweet treat. I ordered the coconut sorbet which was the most coconutty, creamy sweetest cold treat I have ever had. I also sampled a bite of my other sister's Raspberry-Rhubarb Napoleon. I'm not a rhubarb fan, but I couldn't even taste it. The pastry was so light and flaky! If you have a sweet tooth like me, you'll definitely want to pay a visit to Payard! Bon Appetite!
4	Great gelato. Definitely the best at Caesars.There's a different gelato place at the forum shops. Please don't even bother. I went there once and they charged me some ridiculous amount for a small scoop of gelato - it was like $10 or something. This place is super fancy and tucked away near the exit going to the new tower.  They have really good pasteries, but their gelato is what keeps me coming back whenever I stay at Caesars.
3	Stayed at Caesar's and swung by here for a quick bite before catching a plane out of Vegas.  We each had a sandwich and it was indeed a little pricey for the food, but so is most of everything in Vegas.  The bread was a little dry for my taste, but the meat was decently prepared.  If I need a quick bite and I'm running through Caesar's, it's an okay option.  We didn't have time to try any of the desserts though (which seems to be what we should have chosen).  Perhaps if I stay at Caesar's again I will try it again...
5	Fortuitously as I was making my way toward to the entrance to meet my friend I happened past Payard and decided to stop in just to browse.  Speaking with the friendly young lady behind the counter I was informed that since they were getting close to the end of the day anything left in the case was buy one get one.  "Bogo on amazing french pastries?" I thought - I'd be a fool to pass that up.  Selecting two they were packed into a pretty plastic container and I went to meet my friend.  Offering my pal his selection he told me he had just finished dinner with his wife and was stuffed - but he did try a bite of each.Starting first with the Tiramisu - not French, but a must almost anywhere I see it - the dish was served fancifully in a plexi-glass square.  Layers of vanilla mascarpone, rum soaked lady fingers, cream, and dusted with cocoa and a bit of chocolate drizzle the dish actually hid a surprise - a core of Raspberry.  While my sister would have been greatly upset by this unannounced guest I have to admit I liked the manner in which the fruity sweetness balanced the dark cocoa tones and heavy rum.The second dish, one of Payard's signatures, was vastly more impressive than the tiramisu - it was called Louvre.  Featuring "Chocolate mousse and hazelnut mousse with a hazelnut dacquoise" and topped with a thick 72% dark chocolate shell I can only compare this dish to one thing (something that doesn't do it a bit of justice,) a nutella version of a peanut butter cup.  With the gelatinous shell giving way to a milk chocolate mousse, then hazelnut mousse, then a hazelnut cookie...a beautiful blending of textures, tastes, and not heavy at all.All said, Raku with tax and tip, a cab ride, coffee, and two pastries from Payard cost me less than Colors of Caviar would cost a la carte at Guy Savoy - sure "Colors" has vastly more ingredient cost, but that just goes to show that for the discerning foodie you can indeed do some fine dining in Vegas without totally breaking the bank.  While I'm certainly not going to say that a split meal at Raku and Payard is in any way comparable to dinner at Savoy or Robuchon, I do believe that during future culinary trips outside of Ohio I'm going to make sure at least one place is "off the beaten path"
4	If you're looking for a nice lunch but don't want to spend too much, then go to Payard's.  The dining area is small - seats about 50.  They have a $19 prix fixe for lunch, which includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  The best part is that you can choose from like 14 desserts, which normally cost $7 each at the patisserie.  They also give you a basket of bread - we had two different types, but I later saw a few tables with three different kinds.  You only get to choose between two options for the appetizer and entree, so we tried both.  The portions were not tiny as I had expected them to be.  We got the:-Asparagus Salad - This wasn't a real salad.  It was basically white and green asparagus drenched in oil and balsamic vinegar along with ciabatta toast.  It was quite a lot of asparagus.-Mushroom Tart - Excellent!  Mushrooms were not overpowering and the tart was light and crisp with a semi-sweet cream sauce.-Sea Bass with Bok Choy and Chocolate Soy Sauce - I think this might have been frozen and not fresh because it came in a round filet.  However, it still tasted good - the sauce was excellent - along with a couple of baby bok choys and carrots.-Lamb w/ Chicken Cous Cous - Yummy cous cous.  Lamb was cooked very well done in flat sticks akin to flat sausages.  -Swiss Relief - Mango Mousse and Pineapple Souffle surrounded by Meringue.  I love meringue, though this desert was overall quite sweet.-Sicilian - Madeline sponge cake filled w/ cream cheese mousse, cranberry jam, and crushed pistachios.  We got this one bc it sounded interesting, and it was!  I liked the cream cheese part the best (sort of like cheesecake) but I wasn't too fond of the sour cranberry jam.I highly recommend coming here for a nice lunch with a good value!  I think they change the prix fixe lunch menu every season.
2	This is the type of fanciful place you want to love so much. And its clever, an upscale coffee, pastry and chocolate vendor in the epicenter of  the original Caesar's hotel area. It earns stars for its swank and fun decor, the silly do-nothing gear machine and the counters filled with edible objets de' arte'.But when the serivce is indifferent, pokey and classless, the establishment quickly looses its cachet. We  bought a couple little chocolates (which lookedquite exotic but tasted more "de la Hershey") but the counter person was harried and vainly tried to hide her frustration as she was putting on a coat to leave with no substitute in place. My girl wanted to try something else, but how? Shift had changed and we were left hanging. You would think such a lovely looking place trading on French pinache' would have polished service, not Polish service.
2	This chocolate shop does not compete to many that I have visited. It is tucked away in one of many corners of Caesers palace so I really dont think its worth an entire trip to visit this shop. I thought the space itself was decorated nicely but the section of pastires wasnt very exciting. They had delicious sandwhiches though but that only because we were really hungry and at $11 per sandwhich I am sure that only covers the cost of the snazzy packaging they serve it in. Espresso and coffees are good but again, nothing to rave about. They must work on something a bit more imaginative other than a chocolate santa clause mold and the usual tiramisu to impress a visitor.
3	3.5-4 Stars for Pastry2 Stars for ServiceBefore my trip to Vegas, I made sure to bookmark Payard Patisserie.  Francois Payard, famous pastry and chocolate Chef from France.  His only West Coast Patisserie and Bistro is here at Caesars Palace. Set right in the Casino near the restaurants and the Apian Way shops, I was so excited when I finally saw the big glowing "Payard" sign! I had died and gone to pastry heaven! Upon entering you notice the beautifully arranged and fully stocked truffle and chocolate counter.  Further walking in, my eyes finally laid on the pastry counter.  Just as the chocolate was fully stocked, so were the pastries.  Now this is exactly how to sell a product. No matter what time of day, even in late afternoon to evening when pastires are usually sold out, Payard continously restocked sweets to entice folks like me. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=ePEZJsHZKfJKax4YMRQ_hwI didn't know where to start.  But here's the damage:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=3Lizm46K61CJAm4AREr_1Q* Banana Creme Tart:  The custard on the was flavorful and fluffy. There was a nice subtle banana flavor throughout, but minimal sliced banana's in the tart.  Overall, you get banana flavored custard. * Fruit Tart:  I'm a fruit tart lover.  A must for me when I go to a bakery.  The fruit tarts here at Payard were prepared beautifically with a good variety of fruits on top...but the crust on the top was too soft, and broke apart very easily.  I like to eat my tarts with my hands, so it was quite diffcult to do so with this kind of crust.  * Apple Tatin:  Refreshing dessert with whole apple slices in the middle.  Texture was a bit too jellow-y in my opinion but caramelized perfectly on the exterior. * Lemon Tart:  Skip.  Way too lemon-y to where the sour flavor over powered everything else in each bite.  Also way too sweet to where one bite ruined my palate, you can even feel some of the sugar crystals left over in the glaze. *yuck* Payard Patisserie also has a crepe counter and a delicious display of Gelato's as well.  Holy moly!  I also ordered myself a cup of the Mango flavor.  I like my gelato icy and they did an awesome job here.  The mango flavor was powerful and refreshing.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=fQu-0yoC5jj0Hw7RTcVq3gWhile the desserts weren't bad here, it's the prices that were a bit painful.  Each pastry was $7.00 each, and a regular cup of the gelato was $5.00.  The staff here at the bakery are also very incompetent and unfriendly.  It wasn't even busy when I visited, and yet they still don't have the energy to ask if I needed help.  Apparently there is only one line to order for all three different counters.  They neglect to inform you of this one line, so I'm left standing the other counters waiting for service like an idiot.  Overall, Payard Patisserie does a great job in terms of presentation, nothing particularily stood out for me, as certain items had too much overbearing flavor, or not enough.  They failed to balance sweet and savory in my opinion.  Will I be back?  Maybe...but please hire more informative and helpful staff.
3	Right across from Rao's, near a cute fountain which makes eating a little snack from here an almost European experience.  Dessert things and drinks are tasty, not too pricey I guess.  Chocolate is good.  Service is okay.  Ordered a gift basket from here to be sent to my friend's hotel room upon arrival (because, you know, heaven forbid the Caesar's "concierge" arrange that sort of thing for a guest), and it was not delivered.  After speaking with the manager on duty, I found it was due to the person on the phone missing one of my credit card numbers.  They wanted to call me to confirm the numbers but couldn't because that same person had not taken down my phone number.  The manager had my basket ready to go, so I paid and was able to take it to my friends, but it wasn't the same surprise.I'd get another dessert there again.
4	One of the few places where you can actually see your food (no dim lighting). The food was great and price point is much better than Bouchon at the Venetian. There is so much to choose from but if I had to choose one, it would be the Classic Croque Monsieur Sandwich. You can also get it in the patisserie next door for $10 (minus the salad).If there was one thing I could change, it would be the bread basket. Both times I was here, the rolls were a bit cold. I would also like to see the dessert tasting to come back.
5	Oh Payard, How I Love Thee...Payard Patisserie and Bistro is located inside Caesar  Palace.  It is located near the Caesar Palace's Buffet.  I remember when it first opened in 2007, I was very impressed by the interior & exterior decor, and of course the chocolate and pastries .  When you pass by the store, the decor, pastries, and chocolates just draws your eyes towards the store.  I'm always mesmerized by it's glam and style.  The hot coco is delish!  The chocolate is one of the best chocolates I have ever ate.  I'm currently eating it right now.  I got a box as a gift when I went to Vegas for Christmas week.  Every bite of the chocolate just makes you say "MmmMmm...... "  I close my eye every time I eat the chocolate because it's that good!  It is a little pricey but it's worth it! Payard chocolate is a perfect gift for anybody, especially a girl.  This chocolate is definitely a key to a girl's heart.
4	My first Yelp review!We went here on our Vegas Dec 27-30 trip and were very impressed with the way the chocolate shop looked, almost like an adult choco-holic Disneyland motif.  I had the Louvre and my wife had a banana crepe.  Both were good, but mine was too much chocolate (yes that is possible), the presentation was beautiful.
2	Payard is pretty good, but it doesn't live up to the hype nor the prices.  Granted, I only ate at the take-away counter rather than eat in, but if you're going to have a take-away counter its pastries and food should be just as good as that in the restaurant.We had an overcooked almond croissant (amandines are my favorite), a good plain croissant, a mediocre ham and cheese quiche, and a very good croque monsieur (ham and cheese, essentially).  So it's hit and miss.  The coffee was so watery that we returned it to the surly server, who at least gave us more recently-brewed coffee that was still slightly watery.  Difficult to find in the labyrinth of Caeser's Palace, maybe Payard is worth the trouble and money if you sit inside.  But as is, it's an okay French place with just above reasonable prices.  There are other places to go in this town.
5	Payard is one of the main reasons I go to Las Vegas.  The almond croissant is better than most I've had in France.  The pastries are As beautiful to look at - as they are wonderful to eat. Petite edible works of art, pleasing to the eye and amazing to the palette. I normally buy about a dz croissants aux amandes to take back to CA to tide me over until the next trip to LV or NYC. They freeze well.  Kudos to the chef for adding his flair to French classics.
4	When it comes to Egg's Benedict, Payard is the be all end all of this breakfast delight. The use of crossisant vs. english muffin, just the right proportion of hollandaise sauce to the canadian bacon and poached egg makes this dish worth the trouble to drive to Caesars, find parking and then fight through the casino to savor it for all its glory. My rating of Payard is simply based on the Egg's Benedict alone. I would have given it a 5-star rating if it were not for the astronomical price they charge for such a little slice of heaven. Yes, we can not put price on all things heavenly but when your on a budget, everyone and everything has a price.
4	The chocolate is alright but nothing fantastic. Their pastries are super yummy!! Last time I asked the concierge at Paris how to get to Payard, he gave me a confused look and said, "You mean the one in Caesar's Palace?"...embarrassing!The machine in their store gives out free chocolate samples! They come out in little boxes. I hovered around the machine for over 10 minutes to get as many chocolates as I could...yes I am that much of a fatty!
4	Very glad we visited in our tour of Vegas pastry.The almond croissant was delicious! It wasn't especially croissant-y, though, more scone-ish. Still, I loved every more-tender-than-flakey bite. The almond paste inside was so good, not too sweet.The dining partner ordered a chocolate hazelnut cake. I scarfed what he could not finish. It was obviously made with good chocolate.Now, be warned: DO NOT ORDER A CREPE. They are not good here, and you will be missing what this shop does best.I am heartbroken to learn too late that the giant egg dispenses free chocolates. If only I had known...
4	Fanastic lunch deal - 3 courses for $19.  The dessert alone is $7 from their front counter.We had a mushroom tart, sea bass in a chocolate soy sauce (couldn't discern the chocolate taste - but the sea bass was perfectly cooked) and of the desserts we sampled, the hazelnut was the best.  Like eating a better, creamier Ferrero Rocher.  Split between 2 girls, a perfect amount for a light lunch.
4	Delicious! I had a wonderful crepe with banana and nutella; the husband had a breakfast crepe with ham and cheddar cheese. Light and delicious, completely satisfying. It was so nice to have a delicious, quick bite that didn't cost an arm and a leg. I would go back again in a heartbeat.
4	This is a review of the Payard dining room for LUNCH, not breakfast, not dinner, and not the walk-up pastry counter.  (It's interesting that all the 1, 2, and 3 stars reviews are of the pastry counter and the better reviews (at least the one I glanced at) are of the dining room.)We've eaten lunch at Payard three times over a span of one year.  We've always had great food and excellent service.The first time at Payard was with a group of five.  Two of us had the Croque Madame (a Croque Monsieur w/ egg).  The others had the charcuterie platter (alas, no longer on the menu): salami, prosciutto/jambon, pate de foie gras, cornichon, several kinds of mustard; chicken pannini; roasted pepper soup with a shrimp salad.  We all had a taste of each.  All dishes were simple yet top-notch in quality and taste.The second time was just with my SO.  She had the shrimp salad.  I had the soup of the day (potato leek) and the beef panini.  Outstanding again.The third was on Jan 28, 2010.  Two of us had the prix fixe (as already reported, a fantastic deal at $19): asparagus salad + sea bass, and mushroom tart + couscous w/ roasted chicken and lamb sausages.  Both were amazing, especially the lamb sausages!!!  I had the angus burger.  I ate the whole thing!  :) The desserts included with the prix fixes are good, too.The service was efficient, friendly (but not overly so), polite (but not obsequious).  The dining room is not huge, so it's not very noisy even when full: great for a relaxing brunch or lunch.
4	During a recent trip to Vegas, we had a few places in mind that we just had to try; Payard was one of those places. It's located somewhere in the maze of a hotel that is Caesar's Palace... both times we ate there we nearly got lost, but alas we were able to find it and indulge in some of the yummiest breakfast/lunch food in Vegas. Payard is made up of two parts; there is a breakfast/lunch sit down restaurant and an attached walk-up pastry/chocolate counter. We tried both parts during our vacation. First was the actual restaurant... we slept in a little too long for breakfast, but we ate lunch and were able to get a couple of lunch items that were very 'breakfast-y' anyway. First thing we noticed was the decor... the set up of this place is awesome; the colors and overall style of the place is just very vibrant. Additionally the kitchen is a circular area in the middle of the restaurant... so nothing is hidden; I love that! We ordered the french toast which came in a bed of fresh fruit and some kind of fruit flavored sauce. The flavor was amazing, not too heavy but very rich and flavorful. Next we ordered eggs florentine which was served on a crispy crescent roll... and we also got a side of bacon. All in all each part of the meal was near perfect... taste was outstanding and everything just seemed very fresh. A couple days later we also tried the pastry counter, and ordered a ham/cheese sandwich type thing (don't remember the actual name they called it) along with an apple crepe. Just like the restaurant itself, it didn't disappoint. Heavy on flavor, not too greasy, and oh so rich... it hit the spot perfectly. Payard is the type of place I love... solid food and a classy atmosphere, while not being ridiculously priced. It's earned a spot for us as a 'go-to' Vegas breakfast/lunch spot from now on. Can't wait to go back and try their full breakfast menu. This place gets my stamp of approval, next time you're in Vegas if you can find this place... give it a shot!
4	I don't usually like to write a review after only one trip to a restaurant, however, this place is AMAZING and I just had to write a review.  My husband and I went here for breakfast and both had the continental breakfast.  The bagel with chive cream cheese with smoked samon and capers was all tasty, but not a stand out item.  The stars were the croissants.  We tried plain, chocolate, and apricot.  They were all buttery and flaky and perfect.  The favorite though was the apricot.  Any time I can see whole slices of fruit on a pastry, it's a good sign.  Words fail me at this time in how to possibly describe the wonderfullness that is the apricot croissant.Now, the reason for only 4 stars.  Usually somewhat slow service doesn't bother me and is easily overlooked with good food.  Hovever, the service here was pathetic.  When we arrived we were the only ones in the entire place.  After taking our drink orders, we didn't see our server again for 10-15 minutes.  This after she had just told us to let her know if we wanted our bagels toasted.  I guess we were supposed to walk around searching for her after we got our bagels from the bar?  A huge group of people walked in about halfway through our meal (all going to a Paul Mitchell convention and all wearing entirely black and sporting outlandish hair styles...annoying and loud...).  I thought, surely the servers will have to come over more often with so many people here now, but no.  Still waited forever for our check.Next trip, we will be back.  Maybe I'll get to try the yummy looking desserts at the pastry counter.
4	We had a nice quick lunch here - tastey food and excellent service - two hallmarks of a good restaurant in my book. I was happy with the experience overall.
4	This review is strictly for the bistro. CROQUE MONSIEUR. MELTED CHEESY SPLENDOR. I savored every bite. Accompanied by a fresh green salad lightly dressed in a mustard vinaigrette, washed down by a great cup of coffee.
3	Strictly went in one night to get some pastries and goodies for my boyfriends mom and grandma to enjoy on their birthday.Got a few pastries and spotted on the counter a tube of french macarons. I'm a macaron junkie who hasnt found the perfect one in Vegas yet and crave the perfect macaron from back home in LA. I had to get it as a treat for myself.  I mean a french patisserie should do it up right? NOPE. They were like any other cookies, no finesse of a soft and moist inside with a crunchy outer layer that turns into a chewy goodness like a french macaroon should. No nice cream inside- it was some jams and plain chocolates that would've been decent if the macron was actually made right. They were quarter sized, tiny and $16 for like 8 of them. What a disappointment and a rip off!! I wasn't expecting something close to my favorite back home, but I thought they'd at least do it justice.  Pastries were good though. One was a opera like cake and that was okay, a pear ganache was yummy, and a good hazelnut one.Overall okay, with some good delights and some soso but I will not go out of my way to come. I am curious to try some of their bistro items though, so maybe I'll give the bistro a try sometime.
5	It is a must do in Vegas- a ritual. Caramel hazelnut napolean with coffee. Nothing beats it. I don't even like dessert but this is an addiction, a new delicious addiction I must fix every time I come to Vegas. I also had the Chicken Cocktail sandwich. It was yummy but I thought the tomato wasn't fresh enough for my taste. Just go already. Trip out on the mock silver plastic utensils. On a totally separate tangent: why do they call it silverware when it's not silver???
4	Wonderful food.  Excellent, melt in your mouth, delicious kind of food.  The type of restaurant that makes you feel like you are dining in Paris or Rome.  The decor is cute yet fancy.  A fancy tea party with yellow napkins and pin striped tablecloths.  You even have your own mini butter tray.  Just the cutest place.Our server was interesting.  The man had wonderful intentions but mad for a confusing and awkward experience at times.  After we viewed the menu for 10 minutes and were sure of what we wanted he came over to take our order and also tell us the specials.  He then went on to talk about how wonderful the specials were and how we would be a fool not to order them.  Well thanks, Guy.  There were other awkward moments throughout our time there, but the food was great.  And... who doesn't get a kick out of an awkward server every now and then.There is a separate store front to this place that you can go up to the counter and buy pastries, dessert, coffee ect.  A place worth checking out while your in town.
5	What a treat! We opted for the sit-down restaurant experience and the breakfast we had (although pricey) was so delicious. I didn't know Eggs Benedict can be this good! Service was great too.
4	we went to the bakery side - which is a quick servce place and you can sit around the area.yummy calorie-filled pieces of heaven. the crepes are delicately dangerous - we've tried the smore's and it was delicious. they also have other desserts such as tarts and pies (can't go wrong). they have pre-made sandwiches that they toast for you - i am a fan of the salmon and the croque de monsieur is quite good too.the coffee for me is quite strong - but others like it. it's not cheap but such a treat! always a stop for us when we are in town.
2	The macaroons were not very good and definitely not worth the $28 for the small box. They were too spongy and lacked any depth or flavor.  Bouchon has much better macaroons for the money.
3	Got 2 sandwiches and a crepe with berries.  They were good.  Compare to all the other restaurants I've tried at Caesars, this is at least descent and a safer bet.  Love the mocha frappuccino.  It was not crazy sweet like the Starbucks.
4	Eggs Benedict on Croissant.Yummy perfect after a night out in Vegas.
5	Foodgasm! We stopped by the bakery side to get a little treat after lunch at the noodle bar next door. I ordered the George V. (chocolate and vanilla mousse with caramelized peanuts all wrapped in dark chocolate)It was amazing!!!
4	I had the $19 prix fixe lunch today (5/14/10).  It was excellent!  I started with the onion tart and salad.  Main course was the couscous.  For dessert, I had the George V, a dark chocolate pastry filled with vanilla and chocolate mousse, topped with peanuts and over a black sacher biscuit.  It was delightful.  You can't go wrong with this lunch.  I really liked the small restaurant.
3	I've been to both the take out and the sit down at Payard.  Around mid morning on a Saturday, after standing in line for 20 minutes I was told that they ran out of quiches, chocolate croissants and macarons.  Already??  What were they planning on serving on the rest of the day?  Crepes I guess, since those are made to order.  That was a fail to me, esp since they are sposed to stay open until pretty late at night.I've also had the eggs benedict next door.  It was indeed good, but I think it was overpriced at $18.  The hollandaise was lighter and nicer than any other place I've been to though.  The bread basket was warm and tasty.  The service was also good as expected.  However, with all the other places to eat in Vegas I don't know if I'll be back.
4	My cousin and I stayed at Caesers over Memorial Day weekend.  We frequented the Payard Patisserie.  Here is a overview of our experience: Breakfast Nosh:  My cousin waiting in line at the crepe/ice cream counter... this line was ginormous.  Luckily, not too long she realized that there is a seperate counter for coffee, water, etc.  She bought her water, her coffee and amerged from the crowds quite quickly to the table I was stitting at.  She immediately directed me to the coffee counter where I got my own water, coffee and a nice cup of fruit.  The fruit was kinda pricey ($8) but it was delicious, fresh and most of it was cut up into smaller pieces, so you do get your money's worth of the fruit, because it's packed in there. After Dinner Dessert:  After a splendid dinner at RAO's Italian Bistro, we decided to pass on dessert and swing over to our good ole pal, Payard.  After 3 glasses of wine into the evening, we ended up buying a berry napoleon, six macaroons (assorted flavors), and two white chocolate covered strawberries.  Prior to going back to our room to have our "cousin dessert and wine (yes, we stopped off at the gift shop for a bottle of wine) slumber party.  Here's how that went down:  - Berry Napoleon:  To die for.  Flaky.  Not to sweet. You could still taste the berries and it is not overpowered by the creme.  Delish!  Definitely our fave of the night.  - Macaroons:  Okay, these are the flavors i remember:  Pistaschio, Strawberry, Lemon, Raspberry.... and 2 more i forgot.  Delish.  Soft, with a hint of yummy flavor.  You want to keep eating just to enjoy the flavors.  - White Chocolate Strawberry:  This was your standard chocolate strawberry.  If you crave it... get it.  But it wasn't something you couldn't get elsewhere.  Day we were leaving Vegas:  My cousin wanted to buy some macaroons for her dad.  They ran out of all the smaller bags.  So they were telling her she would have to buy the box.  The box is not cheap. She ended up not getting it.  Overall thumbs up.  I'd definitely go here again and recommend it to anyone who is strolling by....
5	Visited this location when I was roaming around Cesar's Palace.  The pastries were very appealing and they taste good too.  Has a huge pastry selection.  They serve lunch items as well.  I got the Berry Napoleon and pistachio cake.  I took it to go and they boxed it in a clear plastic box.  It was busy when I visited this place.  It is expected since there are heavy traffic in Cesar's Palace.  I personally feel this place is a bit better than Buchon's Bakery.  Great place to stop by for amazing desserts.  Highly recommended.Bon Apettit!
4	I have only had the flourless chocolate chocolate chip cookie and man was that cookie worth the couple bucks.  I am a big fan of Diddy Riese but I gotta say, this place takes the cookie trophy...if we are simply talking about taste and quality (Diddy Riese is still my favorite when it comes to accessibility and quantity haha).
4	I'm reviewing just for the patisserie side! :) I got the french macarons pack with my friend, a 6-pack for $10.00 + tax. It wasn't so bad, relatively cheap. OMG. the gelato is amazing here. The Dulce De Luche is to DIE FOR. heaven in a cone! :)
4	There are two parts of this restaurant, the walk up counter and the seated portion just past it. I have never gone to the 'sit down' but I have nibbled the goodies and had their coffee, both of which are excellent.I tried the french macarons in a rainbow of flavors and they were so decadent for a cookie... ooh la la!The crepes are good, but I'd walk across the street to the Paris at Mon Ami Gabi sidewalk cafe.
3	We decided to have brunch at the restaurant side of Payard on a Sat afternoon. Luckily for us, there was no wait unlike the counter side that had a really long line. I loved the decor of the place. It was elegant but not so much so that you feel uncomfortable dining in shorts like I was. It's a lot smaller than I expected and you can see the chef cooking in a small "kitchen" in the middle of the restaurant. I decided to have the Croque Madame which came with a nice side salad and baked tomato. The salad was nice and refreshing but the sandwich was a little too heavy for me especially with the Vegas heat. I liked the crunch the outside of the sandwich had but I think they can go a little light on the cheese next time since the sauce that comes with it is pretty rich. For dessert, we had the Georges V and the mousse was so rich and delicious. The waiter told us it's one of the most popular desserts and I can see why. I totally recommend it if you're a chocolate lover like myself.
2	I went to Vegas on business last month and before I went, I found Payard's online and decided that I HAD to try it. Well, I tried it...hmmmm. First, the good stuff. I loved the Chocolate Croissant! It was flaky and melt-in-your-mouth delicious!!! Moving along...the service was next to non-existent. We waited at the counter was ready-made sandwiches for over 15 minutes with only two people in front of us. The sandwiches were blah...the steak Caesar sandwich left a funny taste in my mouth and wasn't worth the $10 at all. Finally, the iced tea was weird. There was no indication that it was flavored on the menu, but it was. I think it was lavender flavoring. It was gross. Regardless of the name, I won't be back (but I might make my hubby wait in the line for me for a croissant while I shop).
2	Great food once again terrible waiter. Our waiter was I kid you not on acid. He came wobbling up to our table eyes glazed and took our drink orders (not writing it down). In five minutes he returned saying the he had forgotten the orders and asked for them again along with our meals (once again not writing it down). He brought us our drinks and disappeared. No big deal right? That's what we thought! After a half hour he returned asking for our meal orders again saying that the kitchen lost it (but let's face it he forgot those as well)! My boyfriend actually wrote down the order for him on a napkin and asked for the manager. The manager was extremely apologetic and gave our waiter the lashing of a life time in the middle of the dinning room. To which our waiter took his apron off and stormed out. With our meal taken care of by the manager the food was incredible. This is why we don't do drugs.
5	These stars are for their restaurant food.  I had the Classic Croque Madame Sandwich and it was absolutely delicious!  It was my first time having one so I have nothing to compare it to, but all I know is that it had an amazing taste!  It came with a side salad which I enjoyed, and their complimentary bread was very, very good too.  It was dimly lit in the restaurant and not too busy, which provided a mellow and relaxing dining experience.  Service was decent, but at one point the servers and chef left the restaurant portion of the restaurant, leaving us diners there alone for awhile which I thought was sort of strange.  Overall, though, I was pleased with my experience and would definitely go back!
5	I visit Payard every year since they opened.   I eat breakfast there every morning in the restaurant section.  The bagels and lox are great the yogurt parfaits and the pastries.  MY VERY FAVORITE!
5	This place serves my faaaavorite sandwich... ever! The Classic Croque Madame Sandwich - a simple and wholesome sandwich with tasty deli ham, melty swiss cheese, and bechamel sauce (dunno what that is, but it must make it taste awesome) between toasted bread with baked cheese and a sunny side egg on top. Ah, thinking about it makes me hungry!If you've ever had a monte cristo sandwhich, it's pretty similar, but not deep fried, so therefore not as sinful tasting. I had the tirimisu for dessert this time - probably my second favorite taste-wise (i adore cheesecake factory's). The presentation and size of this was perfect. It comes in a dish that looks like real glass but is actually plastic. If you walk over to the pastry side next door you'll find the desserts they serve in the restaurant here, other tasty treats and souvenirs not served at the restaurant, and last but not least, plastic silverware that looks like real metal!Notes and Tips:-The restaurant is tiny so its not really for big groups. We went with 7 people and there was only one staff doing all the tables. He was able to get us all that we needed, but he looked pretty stressed out!-The Monsieur Sandwich is the same sandwich but without the egg. The baked tomato in the menu description does not come in the sandwich, it is on the side.-Sharing is not recommended if you are really hungry. If you're planning on getting your own dessert, or are looking for a light meal, then it is doable.
4	Yum!  The pastries here are wonderful and remind me so much of a French patisserie!  Well done!
5	So maybe I'm a little obsessed with celebrity chefs..but really I came here for the chocolate to satisfy my sweet tooth.  World-famous chocolatier and french pastry chef Francois Payard dishes up sweet heavenly concoctions.  First and foremost, his bistro is absolutely gorgeous. The decor is luxurious and magnificent which also reflected on his immaculately designed pastries.  Second of all, you'll find an array of sweet treats that will satisfy every sweet craving.  Perfect for dine-in, to-go or even gifts to take. Third of all, every bite of the french crepe with strawberries and bananas drizzled with hazelnut chocolate goodness are pieces of sweet heaven exploding in my mouth.Need I say more?  Sweet moments like this are absolutely priceless.**Sweets Review Only**
4	I had the chocolate croissant and a mocha.  I haven't had a pain au chocolat this flaky since I was in Paris.  It is impressive!!  And it's very good too!. The mocha was your typical standard mocha.  Nothing all that impressive to write about.I had to remove a star because it is just so expensive.  $7 for a large mocha?  Really??  $4 for the croissant?  Really?You'll enjoy this place.  Large selection of pastries, crepes, and chocolates.  It's just expensive.
5	Payard is our must go to place in Las Vegas. The bistro for breakfast is simply wonderful set in a cozy and nicely decorated area with the little kitchen in the middle. The savory dishes I've had make my mouth water, My favorite is the Eggs Florentine which is so rich and creamy. The Croque Madame sandwich with the egg on top is killer, right along with the quiches. The little salad and baked tomato the come with some of the dishes is a really nice contrast too. An extra almond croissant on the side is a must. The wait staff has always been great. The lunch looks just as good in the bistro. On the walk up side of Payard you can get coffee, espresso, pastry, crepes, sandwiches and sweets of all kinds with nice little tables scattered about. This place is very popular for a reason.
4	As a pastry chef, this was totally a professional Mecca. I joined forces with another pastry chef, and two girl friends for brunch. Arriving early, my friend and I shared a latte, a almond croissant and a classic ham and cheese quiche from the joining cafe. All of which blew my mind! For brunch, we moved over to the restaurant.The decor was nice but a little Vegas-y. Service was so-so. I was disappointed that our server could not really talk up the desserts, when that's what it was all about for us. We all shared a Monte Cristo and a croissant eggs Benedict. Both were good, but the hollandaise was a little too acidic. When the dessert menus came, I noticed the same desserts a few feet away in the case were $2 less then on the menus. I figured this was a plating charge and it accounted for sauce and garnish... Wrong! Our server just went over to the case, grabbed out 4 desserts and smacked 'em on plates, complete with the slice separating parchment paper. Up to this point, I felt very infatuated with idea of eating at Payard's. I love his sugar and chocolate work, and I am a huge fan of his pastries. I really expected there to be some art, or some WOW factor to the desserts in the restaurant. But I suppose I over expected... Payard's Bistro in Vegas is just another tourist/calorie trap. Save some cash and go to the cafe counter for the same yummy food. Enrique, the exc pastry chef standing in while Francois was building his empire, was a great chef. He showed us the kitchen during service (!), and we are very grateful. He was passionate and devoted to quality ingredients, a key quality for every chef. He also wants his kitchen to learn and create, as well as have a voice. Thank you Enrique!
4	I'm a big tiramisu fan so of course I had to try it. It was not your typical tiramisu.... it was more like a layered, trifle mousse. Which is not bad... and trust me .... I licked the fork and scraped the sides of the container it was so good. Very creamy and melt in your mouth. It was just different than the norm and it definitely took care of my sweet tooth. Cost $7. And then there was this AWESOME looking chocolate flourless cookie.... it was like $5 so I couldn't bring myself to buy it instead of the tiramisu which is my all time fav. Overall, it was good and if I'm roaming around Caesar's or the Forum Shops, I will definitely be back.But, if I had to choose....I like the selection and layout at Jean Phillipe inside Aria better.
4	Who knew they're famous for their macaroons on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" Wolfgang Puck approved!Too bad I didn't know while I was there :( Still, they have wonderful looking pastries and a huge machine that spits out a free truffle every 15 min (supposedly)Grabbing a quick bite before taking forever to get ready for a night of clubbing, I was happy to see some salad and sandwich options available.Great selections!  I ordered the roast beef caesar salad on ciabatta and they warmed it up for me.  It was hearty and filling and good portioned for only $12!  Best deal you can get at Caesars, trust me!
5	On our recent trip to Vegas we stopped here on two consecutive days and were able to get a good sampling of the Patisserie's menu of delicous French desserts. (There is also a Payard's Bistro attached next door).The Parisian macarons here are truly amazing and their fruit tarts and other fresh pastries are culinary works of art. (They also offer sandwiches and sweet & savory crepes prepard to order).We stuck with the sweets and ordered a good sampling on our 2 visits including:Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream - Smooth and creamy with crunchy  dark chocolate chips. This had the perfect balance of bittersweet & tart. Banana Tart - This was sublime. The flavors and artistry of this little dessert were amazing with banana & vanilla rum pastry cream on top of a sweet, thin tart dough .Seasonal Strawberry Tart - Very solid. Beautiful fresh, ripe strawberries perched atop of sweet custard & fresh tart.Parisian Macarons - My favorite part of this Patisserie and what everyone is currently clamoring for. They can't keep the coffee macarons in stock and on our 1st visit they were already long sold out before we arrived hence our 2nd visit the very next day. We tried atleast 6-7 different flavors but my favorites were the red currant, chocolate, coffee & passion fruit. You could best describe these as the lightest, most sophisticated and perfect Oreos for adults. Just pair them with a cup of fresh, hot dark roast coffee and you're golden.The amazing presentations, flavors, artistry and artisan quality of everything we sampled was truly impressive and I will definitely return to try the fresh crepes and offerings from the chocolate counter along with another round of macarons the very next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I came here on a tip about a good deal on $19 for a three-course lunch.  This place was a bit difficult to find in Caeser's.  The whole restaurant comes in two parts:  The larger side was dedicated to small dessert-like pastries with a lovely presentation, with prices around $6-$7 range.  I went with a friend to the bistro side, which was a lot smaller, and a bit more intimate.  We were seated immediately.  Since there were two of us, and there were two choices for the prix fixe, we decided that we'd get the opposite and share them.  I started with the lobster salad, which was a very good springy and tart salad of mixed greens.  The dressing was sweet and also tart, and it was served with three slices of lobster tail.  Since it was cold, and there were so few slices, it was hard to taste the lobster in the very bold vinaigrette.  The other appetizer was spinach and a mushroom and onion tart.  The tart was very delicious, with a very memorable and earthy flavor to the mushrooms, and the tart was so flaky.  The spinach also had a very light dressing which made it very delicious as well.Main course was a baked salmon dish, which was good, but we were warned that sometimes the fish doesn't cook through, which I said was entirely fine with me, being a fan of sushi and all.  The other main course was a sausage dish that really gave that umami goodness that you crave.  Finally, we could choose from any dessert on the menu, which worked out great, because each one was about $7 on its own...  Seriously, you simply can't go wrong with any dessert here, so I'll that to your discretion what you want to pick.  Overall, a great deal, and good experience.  Recommended!
4	This place is a high quality french style bakery/restaurant. If you want large portions this is not for you. I stayed at Caesar's this visit and ate here several times. Eggs Benedict on croissant was delicious. Great chocolate and almond croissants. Sandwiches were very good, especially the Le Fermier (turkey). Pastries were delicious. The buckwheat crepe madame was outstanding. The nutella crepe was average. Got a smoothie one morning and it was forgettable. Yum!
5	One of my new obsessions are Macarons. They are NOT called Macaroons, those are the English coconut version but "Macaron" the French version. They come in different colors and flavors like pistachio, strawberry and lemon. The little cookies are light and fluffy like little pillows with a burst of flavor and chewy in the center. Payard's Macarons come in a little variety pack of about 6; pistachio, strawberry, lemon, orange and chocolate. My favorite flavors were strawberry and pistachio. I practically ate the entire bag in one sitting. Thank God, we got a second bag for breakfast! ;) Definitely worth trying these little pieces of heaven.
1	Dear Macaron lovers,I went on a search mission to find some real French Macarons in Vegas. After some research online, i came down to 3 places that have them (or should have them according to online reviews)- Jean Phillipe, Payard Patisserie, Bouchon Bakery. To my surprise, only Bouchon had the best deal, biggest macarons, and the cheapest price (when comparing sizes).. Jean Philippe should be ashamed of themselves for even advertising the fact that they sell macarons. All they had was puny 6 tiny macarons in a bag (size of a quarter) for $10.. Same thing with Payard. As much as they advertise themselves, and as much aura as they create around them- shame on them too. They didn't have any macarons except for some puny little pre-packaged bags that was way overpriced..All i can say, when it comes to getting real French Macarons in Vegas- the place to go to is Boucheron. Payard, i give you the lowest score for falsely advertising what you really don't have in your shop. Shame on you..
2	I want to give them more stars but I seriously despise their staff.  Inconsiderate. Lazy.  Rude. Ugh!  Expected better.When my parents come back from Vegas, my mom always bring back their macaroons.  Tasty, beautiful aroma, and  perfect texture.  Liked all the flavors.  I was begging my mom to take me here so I can buy other sweets.  The store was big and beautiful with a sophisticated touch to atrract the older crowd.  Plenty of items to go around.The store was not crowded at all but the staff ignored me and let other people cut in front of me!  It was like I was invisible!  Needless to say I had a nasty attitude when they finally decided to give me service.  I felt really bad for my family who was waiting for me for 15 mins.   Not the kind of experience I expected nor wanted.I know it's Thanksgiving and all but there's no need to be such a b**** to me and be nice to everyone else.  Boo you!
4	Dessert has been a new love of mine. I don't really have a sweet tooth and I don't crave chocolate like most girls do. But at Payard, they make chocolate look and taste so luxurious, decadent, and rich. But the dessert I come here for are the macaroons!!!! So crazy how these cute, little pastries are the new thing - like how cupcakes were 8 years ago. But man, why do they got to be so expensive?!Macaroons were breed from France. Payard is a french patisserie....get your macaroons from Payard!
4	Located in Caesar's Palace, Payard has both a patisserie that offers some of the loveliest French pastries, as well as a small but elegant dining room. We enjoyed a lovely prix fixe dinner at $42, which included our choice of appetizer, entree and dessert.Our meal started with a basket of freshly baked baguette and focaccia. The baguette alone was to die for. Our first courses were delicious -- a delicate cheese souffle and a spinach salad with duck confit. Our main courses were also very good -- braised short ribs served on a bed of celery root mash, and black cod served with mashed potatoes and topped crispy fried leeks. For dessert, I would highly recommend one of the gateau, like the ultra-rich and decadent Vienne. We also tried the S'mores crepe with marshmallow and topped with milk and white chocolate and dusted with Graham crackers. It was just OK -- a sweet concoction that sounded better on paper but pales in comparison to their other elegant desserts.The waitstaff is friendly and attentive -- almost overly attentive -- but we appreciated their eagerness to please.
5	I came here after seeing it on "The best thing I ever ate".   I ordered the Coffee Macarons and the vegetable quiche with a chocolate croissant for desert.  The Macarons were excellent, melt in your mouth.  But, the highlight was the vegetable quiche.  It is the best quiche I have ever tasted hands down!  If you go there order it.  I wish I had gone earlier in my trip so I could have sampled everything else they have.  I will be back next time...
3	Ah.... Vegas, Vegas, Vegas. You hold us hostage with the classic Vegas markup prices and we accept it and keep on going... Kind of like when we donate money to keep the lights on and go there anyways, just expecting it. When you stay at one of the main casinos on the strip like Caesars, you already know that you are going to be paying a little more than you would anywhere else. Luckily, the food here is quite tasty. Almost every stay at this hotel is accompanied by a Croque Monsieur for breakfast on one of the days. It is a French ham and cheese sandwich with a mouthwatering bechemal sauce inside and its served on white bread. The whole thing is topped with cheese and heated before its served to you. It is one of those things that I just end up looking forward to when I wake up slightly hung over and looking for something to hit the spot. Boo to paying 9 bucks for a yogurt parfait that feels like highway robbery (but usually tasty when I am in the mood for something lighter). 3.5 stars for ease and convenience along with a tasty breakfast.
4	Payard was probably the highlight of staying in Caesar's.  Though I'll never stay there again, I'd happily visit Payard again.  The Croque Madame -- basically Croque Monsieur with an egg on top -- was delicious!  The french toast was light and fluffy with the accompanying berries and sauce putting it over the top, delicious!Tried a couple of their desserts and they were ok.  Truffles were mediocre and the chocolate hazelnut cake was good, but nothing memorable.  A little overpriced for what they are, but then that's kind of par for the course in Vegas.
4	I love the almond croissant.  The almond/orange brioche was very good too.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!! From their Almond Croissants to their bread & butter, to their mozzarella & tomatoes, to their main course (sea bass but the stuff under sea bass was just ok) & dessert (tirmisu)...One word, IMPRESSED!! :))
4	After so much hype from my aunt and cousin about Payard in NY, I eventually made a trip out there years ago (probably close to 8 years ago).  Wasn't impressed with either the food nor the dessert, and was skeptical when a good friend mentioned that Wolfgang Puck said that Payard had the best macaroons.Located inside the Caesar's hotel (not the Forum Shops) you'll see this little bistro with a cool looking clock (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=HK3bDDmzc9XWsm7OY_05Og).  Still feeling the sugar high and saving room for the nights dinner, I only purchased a box of macaroons.  Best part of it was that it was the last box ... atleast that's what they said (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=nOAbwLCOW974lJNWY2gNFg).  What sucks is that you don't get to choose the flavors, everything is preboxed to go.  Not exactly sure as to how fresh these little bad boys were but the texture and flavors were similar to what you'd find at Paulette.  I'd have to say that I think Paulette's were a bit better in my mind.  Perhaps it's the fact that we didn't get to pick and choose the flavors or the fact that one of them was damaged in the box.  It did however, come with a pretty cool little box.
3	i have heard that chef payards place here at caesars was amazing so i tried it out for brunch on my bday this year.  i must say paying almost 80 dollars for breakfast is a bit ridiculous. the bistro was really charming though. i liked the ambience a lot.the eggs benedict of course was what i ate. and yes it was the best i have ever had. perfectly poached eggs.. the canadian bacon was good and their hollandaise sauce was everything i imagined. the service was kinda blah. snooty waiters, but i expected that. i also went to the pastry shop. lots of amazing desserts but i settled for the french maccaroons.. sooo good!!!! so if you want a fancy brunch its a really cute place to go. but be prepared to pay extravagantly. its good but i feel like thier price point is too high for the product.
4	Located in Caesar palace with a big grandfather clock in the middle that spits out truffles every 15 mins. I swear we sat there for a good 2.5 hours from the time we sat down to the time we paid our check. Geez talk about slow service! Not that we were in a super rush or anything, but come on! I ordered off the prix fix menu: Caprese salad (4/5 the mozzarella cheese was a bit too soft), Sea bass (4/5) on top of ratatouille (5/5 tons of eggplant), and the manjani berry dessert (3/5 too rich and they didn't even plate it nicely). Oj was freshly squeezed. I also tried the vanilla vanilla (4/5 yummy vanilla bean), and took several bits of the choco desserts which were all way too rich and sweet. I read a yelp review raving about their almond croissant so I had to buy one after brunch. Although not fresh, it was pretty good. Good amount of sweetness to the almond paste filling. Doesn't compare to the ones in France that are filled to the brim with almond paste. It makes a big difference when it is freshly baked, for sure.
5	This place has the best quiche ever!  It's one of those flavors that makes you crave it and is very hard to find.  It's very light and fluffy and doesn't sit in your stomach after you eat.  Service was great and it's very reasonably priced.
4	My girl really wanted to come here, so we ate lunch.  The gigantic shrimp that came as our starter in our three-course pre fixe $21 meal were huge, meaty, and the butter/garlic/white wine sauce it came in was delectable--perfect to dip the bread in.   The romesco was delish, but I didn't even need it as much as the sauce the shrimp were cooked in.Both of us had the cornish hen an our entree, which were fabulous, if a little well done.  Skin was crispy, and the polenta cake they came on was heavenly.  You could really taste subtleties in the dish, like the thyme and garlic in the dish.The desserts were fantastic, and what the chef is known for.  French pastries that were flavorful, delicate, yum...Oh, and the maitre'd is an absolute gem.  We were saying that this might be the best $20 lunch we've ever had.  Great!
4	Whoopsy, I paid $6.00 for a small mocha. I ordered my drink before checking the prices, and I was definitely shocked when I realized how much we paid for my drink... However, it was the perfect, chocolatey-goodness mocha you would expect to get at a place known for chocolates.  Would I pay that price for a coffee back home in San Diego EVER? No.  But unfortunately coffee on the strip is expensive regardless of where you are at, so I guess considering where we were it was worth the $6.00. We also shared a nutella crepe - yum! But can you really mess that up?I also had the macarons here during a trip earlier in the year, and they are too die for! Sweet, colorful, cute, chewy, yummy, and everything else a perfect macaron should be.  But those cute little pieds do come with a pricy price tag, but macarons are always such a treat that I do not mind.
4	This is perhaps my favorite Lunch restaurant in Vegas, but maybe not fit for all the peopleI'm a dessert lover, Wherever I go, I will first check out their famous dessert shop. So in Vegas, payard is one of the place I plan to pay a visit. The cake choice Is good, although not that different from place like Jean. It's a bit pricy, $7 for most of the cake (50 cents more than Jean's).  However, their lunch pre fixe meal is definitely the best value vs quality you can get in Vegas. ( specially if you anyway is going to try their cake ). For $21, you got one appetizer, one main entree, and, best of all, your choice of cake. I have to say I love all the dishes. The taste and presentation are very decent. I was also very impressed that they allow you to pick any dessert from their bakery store. (Why anyone will pay $7 just for the dessert but not paying another $14 for a complete meal and much nicer sit down area? The prix fix lunch is a steal... )For dessert, we picked a banana tart & a chocolate venIce cake. They are really good, meet my standard of a good dessert.If I go Vegas again, I will go for their luck again for sure...
5	Love the teramasu in here..can't stop thinking abt it..sorry I have a weekness for a real "authentic" teramasu
2	***Wolfgang Puck highlighted Payard's macarons on the Food Network, but they were bagged and not that fresh; their other sweet options here might be better***Payard is a patisserie and cafe in Casesars Palace (near the gaming floor).  In addition to the food on site, Payard offers many attractive food gifts (like gourmet chocolates).  The shop has a nice high-end look to it and some of their individual desserts are impressive looking (they look similar to the individual desserts at Jean Philippe at Aria).I recently watched Wolfgang Puck talk about how much he loves the macarons at Payard on the Food Network so I decided to give them a try.  The macarons were not available individually.  They were sold in a bag of 6 for $10.The package indicated that the macarons were assorted flavors, but all the macarons were the same flavor, which was like a mix of hazelnut and almond.  The nutty flavor was strong and good (sweet, rich taste to the macarons). Unfortunately, the texture was not right.  I am not sure if it was because they might not have been fresh, but the macarons did not have that contrast between the slightly crispy pastry top and bottom with the soft and chewy center.  Instead, it was just soft and chewy all around.Service was quick and okay.Despite Wolfgang Puck's love of these macarons, the macarons did not appear to be the signature item here (they were hard to find and were not as lovingly displayed as some of the other desserts).  For a better macaron experience (both in flavor and texture), you should check out Bouchon Bakery at The Venetian.  If you do come here, you may want to try one of their attractive individual cakes or chocolates instead.Caesars Palace has complimentary parking.
4	Yelped "breakfast near Imperial Palace"This place was #2. I had a Nutella Crepe (with added strawberries for $2.50) and an iced caramel macchiato. My uncle had the berry crepe with a customized coffee. My crepe doesnt compare with my crepes from The Creperie back home. As far as location goes, it was a very fancy breakfast. The food was very simple, not over the top. I was satisfied with my coffee and I didn't have to do any additional adjustments. The crepes go for around 9 bucks each. Just for something that sounds like 3 ingredients for each. If you would like to add more fruit, 2.50. I think 3 for ice cream. It came out pretty expensive, I think just for a simple breakfast, but its Las Vegas :)Its more upscale than your regular Starbucks.The utensils fooled me. They're silver plated plastic.
3	i have a bone to pick with mr. wolfgang puck. i adore this man with witty sense of humor, thick accent and mad culinary skills. if he had said sh*t tasted like uni, i'd have believed him...but now i am beginning to not trust him entirely :( i saw an episode of "the best thing i ate" featuring payard's macarons and wolfgang puck's smiling face as he bit into one of them. i love macarons, i adore mr. puck, and these two put together was definitely irresistible. never mind the hidden location of the pastisserie. look beyond the dark wooden interior. forgive the disorganized staff. i was there for macarons and only macarons. oddly, the macarons were not displayed nor sold individually. they come as prepackaged in 6 different flavors for $10, not too expensive considering its fame and location. i expected the same reaction as mr. puck's on the food network show, but i cringed my face in disappointment. they were definitely not the "best thing i ate". given the size (tiny, tiny and tiny), it's probably hard to bake them to that perfect crispiness outside and softness inside, but the cookies themselves had no textural variance. of the 6 macarons, no flavors were exotic nor unique, if you compare them to paulette's, and even to bottega louie's. some had overwhelming flavors (strawberry) while others were too mild to detect anything other than the almond filling (chocolate). unfortunately, i do not know mr. wolfgang puck personally nor do i have the nerve to say how he disappointed me in person. i discovered another talent of puck though...acting!!!
4	This review is purely for the bistro, as I've not experience the patisserie portion.The food at the bistro is pretty good. Nice atmosphere. Service is about adequate. Prices are high. An omelet for $17? Is that made with a golden egg? The menu is fairly limited, but has a number of good choices. It was pretty empty on Saturday in the mid afternoon. They were serving both breakfast and lunch fare at that time.Overall, this is a nice place. I'm giving it 4 stars based on the tasty food and the atmosphere. Things that might get it bumped up to 5 would be: stellar service, lower prices, more menu choices.Finding restaurants (or anything) in a casino can be challenging. This one is in a cluster around an indoor-courtyard like area not far from the gaming floor. Coming from the casino, you walk past the patisserie to get to the bistro. Good luck!
4	Prix fixe all the way. Best under $25 meal i've ever had in vegas. And it's 3 courses. I think that says a lot.People are obsessed with the buffets in Vegas. Yes, the Bellagio has a decent buffet, but other than that, I don't get much enjoyment out of going to any of the others. This trip out, I just downright couldn't stomach the thought of venturing into another buffet.Enter Payard. Here's a place known for its pastries, line as long as a Vegas buffet line, just to get pastries from the cafe. If you venture around the left corner of the cafe, you will notice a tiny entrance for dining. Inside, you will find a very small room with a limited number of seats. This is where you want to be, my friends.I as well as 3 of my friends each ordered the $21 prix fixe. I started with the mustard chicken salad appetizer. The chicken seemed like it was just packaged breast, not very good, but the salad itself was great. So much so, that my friend had to get the recipe from our server.Main course was Chilean Sea Bass, which as foodies know is most often a snare for generic menu item posing as fine dining. Not this time! Crispy thin fillets of bass, seasoned perfectly and then nestled atop a delicious cylindrical polenta cake, riding atop shoots of sauteed baby asparagus. The asparagus, mind you, had a wonderful flavor (a hint of soy sauce, I am guessing). And then pooling around it, a tangy, yet smooth red wine reduction that went perfectly with each component on the plate. Each morsel of polenta that I forked off of the cake readily absorbed the wine reduction upon dipping. Tres bien. If I could steal this dish and recreate it at home, I would make it every time I had guests over just so I could flood my massive ego with their praises.And then, of course, for dessert...your choice of a large selection of baked items direct from their famous cafe. I had the Napolean; it was delicious.Fin.
4	As far as I am concerned, the ONLY good coffee served anywhere at Caesar's Palace is here. The breakfast items are pretty good also.
5	Payard Patisserie makes crepes in front of your face while you're waiting in line so they're pretty hard to avoid. They're big enough to fill you up for breakfast or a big snack. The sandwiches are very tasty as well, they have a variety to choose from, the prosciutto and steak sandwiches are tough to beat.
4	This review is for Payards macarons. They have lots of taste and a great flavor. Nicely made but i prefer Bouchons for the subtleness and size.
4	I had researched for places to eat at Caesar's before Celine's concert and decided upon Payard based on my fellow Yelpers' reviews. :)The bistro is a very lovely, quaint space. It seems very much like a tea party kind of scene. The center of the bistro is a one-man kitchen space where you can view the cook in action. The menu is small but they had a prix fixe deal that couldn't be ignored. I thought $42 for 3 courses was a great deal.I started with the frisee salad with a poached egg, bacon, and a dijon mustard dressing. It was like eating breakfast in a lighter way. I used the bread from the bread basket to soak up the sauce. My boyfriend ordered the beef tartar which was also very good. I didn't try my friend's spinach salad but he said he liked it despite the fried shallots (he was avoiding fried food for lent).For the main entree I ordered the black cod with yukon mashed potatoes, onion jus, and fried leeks. Even though I found a bone in the fish, the fish was very good. Slightly overcooked but it didn't ruin the texture or taste. The mashed potatoes and fried leeks were even better. I licked that plate clean! My boyfriend and my friend ordered the short ribs. While we thought it could have been braised more, the flavor was just perfect. For dessert, I ordered the pont neuf which is chocolate mousse with chocolate sauce, hazelnut feulettine (I don't know what that is), and a chocolate brownie. It may be small, but it's full of rich chocolate flavor. I couldn't finish the darn thing because I got full so quickly. The other two ordered crepes - one with nutella and bananas, and one with apples. The crepes were large and delicious! Oh and that side of whipped topping. Yum.The service was very good and attentive. For the price and service, I am so glad we went there. I would love to be back for the food and maybe more of the desserts.
3	I went here because Wolfgang Puck claimed this place has the best macarons. Why did I listen to Wolfgange? What could a real French guy know anyways?! Their macarons come prepackaged. I think 6?? You don't get to choose. Don't they know this is America? We like to choose! ;) The best one was the vanilla. The rest were so-so. Texture is crispy outside, chewy inside and fat slab of jam. We were starved so we also tried a savory crepe. The chicken and mushroom with wheat crepe. Umm....it came in a creamy white sauce. Not very flavorful. Huge disappointment. Reminded me of cream of mushroom soup from Campbell's...but worse!
5	EVERYTHING here is delicious. The chocolate croissant and almond croissant were among my favorites. I also recommend the COFFEE and orange juice. Most mornings it will be packed, but it is worth the wait. The crepes are to die for. It is one of the places that have macarons in Vegas.For a bakery, expect paying a lot. It is Vegas, and it is a bakery in a hotel. Very good, nonetheless
1	Absurdly overpriced, however, I was shocked by the rock bottom quality. I thought I could trust yelp with 4 stars, which, in my home town, is reserved for only top spots. We bought three few pastries, a milk shake (they put ice in it for god sakes), an espresso, and one cappuccino. My french father-in-law was with us and he summed it up by saying, "there is nothing french about any of this." The espresso machine is one of those automatic numbers and the baristas have trouble using a steam wand, I had them redo my drink twice and asked for my money back. Looks are deceiving---typical Vegas. I was there in the morning, could they be any more inefficient?Poor espresso drinks, poor quality. Looks delicious. Pure hype. Avoid.
4	I don't know what to give payard...my mom LOVES this bakery. every time we come to vegas she has to come here and get one of their little cakes (which are indeed always good). i came here and got the fruit tart, which was really awesome. the fruit was fresh and delicious, and the vanilla custard layer was delectable. high quality ingredients and pretty good sandwiches too. the prices are a little high, but then so is everything in vegas. i think if you're in vegas and especially if you're staying at the ceasar's palace, then you have to come here at least once. bottom line -- payard is good. anything you get is going to be delicious. and sometimes it's just nice to splurge.
5	Ate breakfast here. Fresh, high quality and well seasoned. Instant cure for a brutal hangover.
4	We stopped by the stand/kiosk and I had heard it was good so we ordered the following items:Double Chocolate Chip Cookie - you'll like this if you're a fan of chocolate: dark chocolate cookie with dark chocolate chunks.  It's a very thick, yet moist cookie with an interesting consistency...I really enjoyed it.Milk Chocolate Malt Balls - these were the fanciest chocolate covered malt balls I've ever had and they were great - rich milk chocolate with the subtle, yet distinctive flavor of the malt...very good.
5	Visited: May 28th, 2011My friends and I were in Vegas from May 27th-30th for Isabel's Bachelorette Party (I'm the maid of honor). We made a somewhat solid vow not to eat out so much during this trip to save money and brought our own food. But we all failed miserably. We only ate one full meal in our two bedroom suite once, and that was for breakfast on Sunday. We had snacks too and ate some of those as well. But since we were out and about for most of the trip, we couldn't help but spend some money on some food. We suck. lol.One of my friends, Kerri (one of the girls on the trip and a foodie), recommended this place after we refused to wait on long lists for Hash House A Go Go and Max Brenner. We had parked at Imperial Palace, so we walked from there to Caesar's Palace to Payard (I had called Max Brenner as we were walking and they had about a 30 min wait time). When we arrived at Payard, the first thing I noticed was the sophisticated design of the patisserie and bistro. There was a bit of a line to get food, unlike the other places where you had to wait to get seated. Before I got into the line, I browsed the menu and noticed that the prices were a little high for food. I thought that since the food was a little high in price, it should taste amazing. I got back in the line and was set to order an egg sandwich with an oj (which cost $6 by the way....GAH). The rest of my friends had ordered crepes, so they had to wait a little. As soon as I got to the register, the girl told me that they were out of egg sandwiches. Needless to say I was a little disappointed, so I decided on the Croque Monsieur. It is essentially a grilled cheese sandwich but with melted cheese on top and ham, melted swiss cheese, and bechamel sauce inside. With the oj, it cost me a little over $17. I waited about 5 minutes for everything. The sandwich came in a really nifty container. I was hoping that the oj was a little larger, but I settled. When I bit into the sandwich, I was in heaven. It was the best "grilled cheese" I've ever had, and the fresh squeezed orange juice was perfect. Everyone else enjoyed their crepes. I ended up trying Isabel's smores crepe, and it was really delicious. Overall, I thought this place was great. The prices were a little high, but the service was great and the food was tasty. Whenever I do come back to Vegas, I might have to come back. Hopefully they will have the egg sandwich this time :)
4	NOT a huge fan of their macarons like Wolfgang Puck, BUT I loved their sandwiches..
5	I was staying at Cesars palace for a jewelry convention.I found this place for breakfast the continental breakfast was i think $26.00.Let me tell you  this place is just amazing the decor is beautiful and so original.There is a big machine that is a clock and it spits out a free choclate every fifteen minutes.Make sure you eat the appricot turn over and choclate croissant.try it you wont regret it.
4	The pastries are as good as they are in NYC and the coffee is fresh. Expensive for Vegas but normal for NYC.
5	I was in Vegas this past weekend for my best friend's bachelorette party. One of her requests was to eat here for breakfast/brunch during our stay. I'm so glad she suggested it because the food was AMAAAAAZZZIIINNNGGGG!!! I ordered the lobster eggs benedict with potato waffles. OH. MY. WORD. THE absolute best eggs beni I've ever had in my life. EVER. My mouth waters every time I think about it. I will be dreaming of the day I can have it again. Sigh.The restaurant is a little snug, but we walked in and were seated within 15 minutes or so. And the aroma in the restaurant is heavenly-- fresh waffles, crepes, and other yummy goodies galore. I'll definitely make it a point to come here again the next time I go to Vegas!
5	One of the places I visited when I came to Vegas for the weekend. The first thing the waitress told us was that they're told that they have the best eggs beni, and wow, she was not lying. I'm usually stear away from eggs beni because of the sauce, but it just sounded amazing I had to try it. I ordered the lobster eggs benedict, and I'm so glad I did. I did not want it to end. I ordered a mocha as well, which was really good. I also went to the little shop next door to get some french macaroons, which were a perfect little dessert! Would definitely go back when I visit Vegas again!
5	I think Payard sings a siren song that beckons all who love sweet treats.  Seriously.  Every time I stay at Caesar's Palace, I make it a point to stop by Payard multiple times.  I just love looking at all of the sweet little pastries and yummy candies.On my most recent excursion, I selected a box of the bourbon truffles as a gift.  I was informed that they were absolutely divine, melt in your mouth perfection.  Noted!I could not leave Payard without picking up a little something for myself.  I decided on the French Macarons.  OH MY GOODNESS!  I was officially a French Macaron fan after taking that first bite.  My favorite flavor was the Passion Fruit.  Delish!I also had the opportunity to partake in a little breakfast at the restaurant before we left for the airport.  I ordered the French Toast with fresh berries and whipped cream.  Decadent!  The toast was much crisper than any French Toast I've ever tasted, but it was quite good.  Of course, using brioche certainly helps matters.Oh, and I also got to see Francois Payard himself at his restaurant!  If I would have had a copy of his cookbook, I would have marched right over there and asked ever so sweetly for an autograph.  Oh well.  That will have to wait until my next visit.  ;)
4	I give four stars because the patisserie is five star and the bistro is three, so I average the experience a four. Walking into the patisserie is like walking into a modern day elegant willy wonka factory! Chocolate and gold is everywhere!! Smack dab in the middle is a large egg shaped mechanism called the Chocolate Clock. Inside the glass egg are gears turning and amazing chocolate sculptures. Every fifteen minutes, an individually boxed truffle comes out of each of the three openings. Luckily there were four of us, so we took over the machine, standing in front of each opening. The anticipation was killing us, but we felt like Charlie winning the golden ticket when the tiny boxes finally popped out. And they were worth the wait! In addition, they have decadent gelatos, drinks, desserts, and candy!! This was definitely a five star experience!The bistro was a different story. It was so quaint and cute with a small kitchen in the center where one chef prepared all the dishes. Our waiter was less than friendly, but the busser was so kind and personable. The bread was fabulous!! French bread and Rosemary focaccia. I ordered the scallops, which were okay, and my husband ordered a sandwich, which was also okay. The best was my dads burger, but really, $4 to add a slice of cheese?? Seriously, $100 for two appetizers, a cheese burger and a sandwich??  We didn't get dessert from the bistro, which probably would have improved the dinner, but overall, not worth the money!!!
4	Crossed this place while dropping my hubby off for orientation/training for his job.Went here i think three times. Ordered coffees and pastries. Let me just say, the decor and displays are friggin amazing. I could just stare at some of those things all day. Then be hungry and want coffee lol.Don't remember what I ordered, but it must of been good, or I wouldn't want to return so much.Next time I'm at the strip.
5	Oh my...I am in LOVE.After strolling around Caesar's Palace, including the Forum Shops (which you should visit too by the way), my honey and I decided to go check out Payard for a little snack.  Honey bunches bought me a dozen assorted French Macarons.  $28 (yes, for 12 macarons), but TOTALLY worth it!  The flavors that were included were: Coffee, Chocolate, Vanilla Bean, Lemon, Blackberry, and Raspberry.Now, let me tell you, I am no macaron expert, but these French macarons??  D-I-V-I-N-E.  Each one was so FRESH, flavorful, moist, light, and fluffy!  I even took them back home on an airplane, and 4 days later they still tasted fresh - as if I had bought them that day!  Oh and they come in a cute little box that is sealed with a magnet.  How cute and clever!My favorite flavor by far was the Vanilla Bean, followed by the Coffee and then the Chocolate.  You could see specks of vanilla bean in the cookie of the Vanilla Bean macaron.When we visit Vegas next time, we will for sure be going back.  Can't wait to try their fresh pastries and desserts (which looked exquisite in the case by the way!).  They also have assorted chocolates, candy, sandwiches, crepes, and coffee.So glad they have a website that you can order from!!  They also carry Parisian and Japanese macarons.  Those are next to try on my list.
4	Good dinner, better dessert, amazing service!Though we sat and waited for our dinner for a long time (the kitchen was having problems), when it arrived, the food was very good and our meal was comped. In celebration of our cheapest meal in Vegas, everyone got a dessert even though we were full - heavenly.  All in all, great service and the best desserts I've seen.
4	Decided to grab some coffee and while yes it's overpriced like ALL Vegas coffee it was actually really good. I ordered a couple of Hammerheads for the wife and I and I noticed they were making crepes. Based on a conversation I overheard the Nutella and Banana should be one crepe so I ordered both to mix with the wife. They were really good too. Sure the price is a bit much but you expect that when you are here.Definitely will come back again before we leave.
5	Best omelet I've ever had. Went to Payard on our last day in Vegas for breakfast and it was the best way to end the trip. Cute little bistro with a kitchen right in the center so you could smell and see your food as its being prepared. I ordered the veggie omelet that came with a side of salad and a baked tomato. The baked tomatoes are delicious! I also tried some of my friends banana nutella crepe which was pretty amazing. Everyone was happy with their orders and service was terrific. I would highly recommend a visit.
3	Yelp Challenge!  Started 8/20/2011 (1 of 365)Review is strictly for the French Macarons.My BF purchased me a box of 12 for $30.  A little on the pricey end and I was fairly satisfied.  The box came with the following flavors:Passion Fruit - Pretty good but not into Passion FruitLemon - Yuck, I didn't take a second biteCoffee - My favorite one out of the bunchStrawberry - Super yummy and my other favoriteVanilla - Yummy too!Blueberry - OK but nothing to rave aboutThe texture is actually what I"m looking for.  The outside shell of the macaron was good; light flaky crisp cookie.  But when biting into it I was expecting a chewy, fudgy center, but instead, it was cake like.Good taste, but I expect a better texture. I'm in a hunt for the best macarons in Vegas :)
4	This place is a bit pricey but they have really nice pastries, coffee and decent chocolate. I used to stop in here with best friend when we'd go to Vegas quite often. My husband and I came back on this trip specifically to get the French Macaroons. They are lovely crispy cookie texture that when you bite into it breaks open into these flavorful cake like filling. We got the almond, coffee, blueberry and passion fruit I have to say each bite made me fall more and more in love This crispy flavorful treats are well worth the price and I suggest you try a few.
2	The crepes were good, but I'm rating this place only two stars for their poor service. The staff seems to be untrained and, most importantly, discourteous. If there were automatic computerized dispensers or order takers, they would produce the same or better type of service.  Their crepes menu is behind you when you're ready to order at the cash register and the cashier would keep repeating the names of their crepes, instead of what/how they are made. I'm sorry, but "Madam Whatever" is meaningless to me; buckwheat  crepe with cheese and ham is something that I can understand.  They don't have many breakfast choices for kids, unfortunately.  And having eggs, but not being able to make omelets...well, that should not be called a breakfast menu. Furthermore, it took them 20!  minutes to make our crepes.
3	My final stop for Restaurant Week 2011 landed me at Payard. I was happy to be finishing up with a modern French bistro menu as I rarely go out of my way to seek out good French food for day-to-day eatings. My friend and I arrived right around 12:30 after having scoured Caeser's Palace and locating Payard waaaaay in the back by the entrance to the convention center space. Payard is a cafe that does crepes, sells macaroons and other confectioneries, and sandwiches. Also, it is a very small bistro that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.The dining room in basically a round room set around the chefs cooking right in the middle. It is an interesting set up, but not one I was very fond of. First off, the chefs were wearing baseball caps. I don't know why this was such a turn-off to me, but it's probably because I don't expect to sit down in a French dining establishment and watch my food being made by a dude in a baseball cap. *shrug*Let's move on to the food... I started with the artichoke dip, which I thought was magnificent. It was not too soupy, nor too thick and there were actually large chunks of artichoke in it. The bread crumbs on top added a lovely compliment to the dish and the pita chips were a good balance between soft, and yet crunchy on the edges. That being said my friend ordered the Shrimp Panzanella, and it came out looking like a house salad from Chili's with two large shrimps dumped on it. Meh!Second course, we both opted for the Sea Bass because neither of us were interested in eating chicken. Honestly I am glad it was served with mango salsa because if it had not been I would have been horribly disappointed. The sea bass was cooked very well, but the portion was small compared to the HUGE polenta cake it was placed on. I thought the polenta was strange - it almost tasted/looked like an ugly cornbread muffin from Marie Calendar's (credit to my friend for that description). Lastly, dessert - absolutely delicious! Decadent, yummy, chocolatey! Oooo! I had the pont neuf a wonderfully decadent chocolate dessert. If anything I would suggest going to get the desserts here and just eating them on a table outside the cafe. Really the restaurant portion is lacking in the ambiance you would expect while eating French food, especially at the price tag they have here.So, although it was good I would rather go somewhere else for French-faire.
4	We stayed at Caesar's Palace on our most recent trip to Vegas.  This bakery and pastry shop was my first stop of the day, every day. With a design that looks like Willy Wonka's factory and a clock that spits out free truffles every hour, this place is a chocolate lover's dream. The pastry case is magnificent and filled with artful delicacies that are almost too pretty to eat... almost. But the reason I came here morning after morning were the crepes. Made right in front of you, these eggy delights could be filled with chocolate, strawberries, marshmallows, whipped cream, and anything you could think of to create huge plates of ridiculous sweetness. Or filled with meats and cheeses for a savory meal.  Or they could be made simple, the way I like them, with just butter and a bit of lemon sugar.The express counter in the chocolate shop offered various breakfast and lunch dishes - bagels, Croque Monsieur, coffee and espresso, sandwiches, salads, etc...In addition to the cafe/chocolate shop, there is also a (really) small sit down restaurant that offers a fantastic continental breakfast buffet along with breakfast, lunch, and dinner menus. I tried the white lasagna with pesto sauce for lunch - an ooey, gooey mess of cheese, bechamel, and basil that was really satisfying. I definitely recommend Payard as a go to breakfast and lunch place if you are staying in Caesar's.
5	Did you blackjack yourself right out of all your fun money?  Or maybe you let caution go a little too far off in the wind and are feeling some next-morning regrets?Get yourself out of bed (if you slept that is), and march yourself over to Payard at Caesar's Palace.  The cure you need is called the almond croissant.  It won't fix your problems, but for a few minutes your thoughts will only be that what you are eating is possibly the most amazing thing a human being has ever done with butter and almonds.  Feel free to repeat if necessary.
5	Payard was one of my favorite restaurants in New York before it closed. I remember having a lovely meal there with my family some years ago. When I saw it in Caesar's I was so excited, and I knew I had to try it again. It did not disappoint. We got this $50 prix fix, which included a glass of champagne, amuse bouche, three courses, and a glass of wine to pair with the entree. Great deal and delicious, what more could you ask for?For the amuse bouche we got lobster sliders. My friend is not a fan of seafood, but she still ate this and liked it. I wish the lobster taste could have been a little stronger though. For appetizer she got the onion soup and I got the salad. Her onion soup is one of the best I've had, it was warming and sweet. The salad was also delicious, the bacon bits added a crunch and saltiness that I enjoyed. For entree I had the fish and my friend ordered the filet mignon, though we ended up switching. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly (I like it still red-ish in the middle), and the peppercorn sauce was flavorful and so scrumptious. For dessert we got two of the choices from the patisserie. I honestly can't remember their names now, but one dessert particularly stood out. It had raspberry and chocolate mousse, but there were flavors infused into each other and such, and even the marshmallows on top were special. All the flavors and the textures worked together - nothing was too overpowering or sweet. It was one of my favorite desserts I have had at a restaurant.
3	Went with a friend for Brunch.  She had Croque Madame and I had French Toast  We spent more than $50!  It was tasty but just not worth the money.Would hsve rather gone to Bouchon.
5	Tastes like France.  I would know cause I grew up there off of chocolate croissants, baguettes, and smelly cheeses.  This place meshes creativity with chocolate and crepes.  What other combination could you possibly ask for?  Want savory- they got that too.  My friend and I went kinda crazy there (besides the fact that it was Vegas and we both have needy sweet taste buds) and got some of everything. Rather expensive but worth every cent- on every item.  Of course never better than France itself, but strikingly close.  Love!
2	Once upon a time, corporate restaurants were evil, and celebrity chef owned restaurants, were a slice of heaven. Once upon a time...these days, it's all the same sh*t!First off, Payard is actually a three part restaurant, here in Caesar's Palace. It's a restaurant, with a smaller, order at the counter quick-cafe style section, as well, as a "Payard Express" which isn't even connected to the restaurant or to-go counter, but rather, closer to the casino.We went to the cafe, to-go section. At first glance, it's a pretty space, but seriously, what isn't in a Vegas style hotel these days. The selection, even for a quick bite, looked pretty slim. It's ok, I thought, smaller menu usually means a more finely tuned menu! Or, so I thought. As I was in a group of five, we all ordered different things, with the intent to try a little of everything. We ordered; a croque monsieur, a chicken and mushroom crepe, a banana and caramel crepe, an almond croissant as well as a regular croissant.The chicken and mushroom crepes were just plain T-A-S-T-E-L-E-S-S. I mean, NO seasoning whatsoever. The croque monsieur tasted good, HOWEVER, I've had ice that was warmer than this sandwich. It was heated up, extremely unevenly! Too bad, as this was the tastiest thing we ordered. The banana caramel crepe was ok, as were the two croissants.Oh, and the service? HORRIBLE! The women working here, all had attitude! No one had a smile on their face, which I couldn't care less about, but God forbid you ask them a question! I asked a woman behind the counter, what time the restaurant portion closes at night, she looked at me with a blank stare and said, "they're right next door, why don't you walk over there, and ask them".It's a shame, I really did have high hopes for Payard. Should have stuck with Bouchon!Food: 3Ambience: 5Service: 1Value: 2
4	It's tough to find breakfast in Vegas, but this is a good spot if you're staying at Caesars. The crepes were tasty, and they have premade yogurt parfaits and stuff if you just want to go cheap and fast. It's right across from Rao's.There was a conference going on and the line got pretty long, so plan ahead for your time.
5	We tried the vanilla waffle, ham & cheese quiche, OJ and cappuccino. Food was fantastic, as was the coffee. They had some really fantastic looking pastries too.
5	So, let me start off my saying that I just went for their pastries and did NOT eat at their restaurant (that's for another day and another yelp review).... After a light lunch, my friend and I went to Payard for dessert.  He got the almond croissant and I had gotten the macaroons.Almond croissant:  Not very impressed with this one.  The actual croissant part was pretty delicious.  There was a sugar glaze and sliced almonds on top which added a very nice nutty flavor.  So the outside, delicious....Inside, however was a different story.  There was an almond center that resembled a very moist muffin, almost cake-like.  The flavor was not very good.  I'm not sure why people like it.  It reminded me and tasted like playdough... But to each their own I guess.   I found that it lacked flavor and the consistency was 'off.'   That's just my opinion, apparently it's a hit, so I guess you can try it just to be the judge yourself.  They also offered a chocolate croissant, but we didn't try it.  It probably tastes better than the almond croissant...Heck ANY croissant would probably taste better than that playdough almond filling!  Macaroons:  I've heard amazing things about these macaroons, therefore I took a deep breath and shelled out $10.81 for 6 of these small ass french cookies.  I had faith that they would be AMAZING...and...THEY WERE FREAKING AMAZING!!!  I could never justify spending $10 for 6 of these silver dollar sized pieces if they weren't just the most delicious macaroons I've ever tasted.  They come in a pack of 6 and NO you do not get to choose which flavors (not sure if they offer them differently inside the Payard restaurant).  They are pre-packaged and if you would like to choose your flavors, you would have to order them online.  The flavors per package included (and in order of my preference)VanillaStrawberryCurrant (where else can you get currant macaroons)??ChocolateCoffeeLemonThey were made perfectly.  Crisp outer shells that were delicate and cracked with the most minimal pressure.  Inside the shell was a soft, chewy, thin center.  The filling was a perfect ratio to the cookie itself.  Not too thick of a layer of filling.  I took the tiniest bites to savor the flavors, but that's how I like to eat macaroons.  I've wolfed them down before, and the flavors just are not that exciting if I don't eat them slow.  Anyways, if I had just only eaten the almond croissant, I would have given Payard's a lousy 1 star.  However, because of the macaroons, I gave Payard's FIVE stars!!  I would have taken away one star for having to drive to the strip and finding parking and having to wander through the casino and for having to pay $10.81 for them, if...they just weren't soooo freaking good!Almond croissant:  $4Macaroon 6-pack:  $10
4	Excellent coffee -- my days were not complete without the large cafe au lait! I also enjoyed the chocolates that were sold by piece. Selecting my sweet treats was a delight. I also tried the individual ham and gruyere quiche. The crust was a bit tough, but the custard was good. All in all, a good experience.
5	Hands down get the buffet if you are there for brunch.All you can eat bagels, lox, cream cheese, capers, pastries, fruit, yogurtFresh squeezed orange juice (5* just for this), coffee$22 is a steal, esp for vegas rates!The bathrooms are outside of the restaurant next to the hotel buffet, so they kinda stink :(
5	So expensive. But So good.   I treated my parents to a fancy night out when we went to Vegas and this place provided such a memorable fun family evening. We got chicken, steak as well as a starter, a bottle of wine & dessert.   The waiter had great recommendations when we were wavering on what to order. Beautiful fancy decor on the inside and impeccable service.  Tiny place!  When we were there, it was surprisingly not at all busy either.If you're in the mood for a splurge or you just won some dinero on the Craps table..this is a good place to go.
5	Visit vegas several times a year, always in search of a great latte...I have found it here!
4	I had a lovely brunch here in the restaurant of Payard.  The lobster benedict on potato waffle was the perfect mix of savory and sweet (not to mention decadent as hell). Order a mimosa if you are here for brunch, the fresh squeezed orange juice is delish!
5	I love eggs benedict.  LOVE.  I love eggs florentine, I love eggs BLT, basically I love eggs with hollandaise sauce over anything.I had heard from another guest how great Payard's food was.  I was excited to try it.  I ate breakfast before going to the airport on a Wednesday morning.  The place only had a handful of tables.  Your choice for breakfast was either a buffet or off menu.  I decided with the eggs florentine over croissant.  I was SOOOO excited.The service was great and the food came pretty fast.  The coffee was good.  I was surprised to see that their eggs florentine came with creamed spinach.  Mmmm...tasty.The menu is limited and a little spendy, but hey, it's Vegas.  The food was excellent and the service was great.
5	Expensive but tasty food.  Had ham and cheese sandwich, Pistachio ice cream, coffee, ice tea, chocolate mousse cake, and coffee again during my stay at the Caesar's.  Will definitely go back there.
5	Going to Vegas we had to try one good brunch place. Unfortunately most places don't do Brunch in the middle of the week in October, fortunately Payard has great lunch options, and, of course, the best options for dessert. Located in Caesar's Palace next to the Payard shop, this bistro might not be noticed by those walking by, but it's heaven for those who enter.Food:Delicious: Louvre, George V, eggs benedict on a croissant (I'm jealous I didn't order it)Yum: Brioche french toast w/ berries, side of Canadian bacon, side of hash brownsService:The hostess and waiter were very friendly greeting us in and out, food came out still warm. Total Damage:$75 tip includedOverall:We were getting pretty full after our "lunch" yet we couldn't pass down dessert. Despite the sizable desserts we still each licked our plates clean of every last bit of chocolate and never felt stuffed, just full and very satisfied with our meal.
4	This place should be at Paris Hotel and NOT at Caesars.  The macrons were to die for.  They serve crepes for breakfast and also have Orangina stocked up :)
3	Very pricy and almond croissant was more of a muffin other than the flaky outside. And not a great one at that.They do have macaroons that I now have a great appreciation for. Despite being ten bucks for six id say still worth it.
4	Crepes and quiche were wonderful for breakfast.  Quality ingredients.  Tried a sandwich here too.  Tasted good, but all pricey...$5 for a 16 oz water bottle!
5	Beautiful and rich pastries. Truly works of art!This place is very difficult to find in Caesar's Palace. We spent thirty minutes looking for it and almost gave up. Few of the employees we asked knew what we were talking about.It's not near the Forum Shops. You will find it across from Rao's. Check out the photos to see the range of pastries available!
4	Place is located almost towards the back and kind of difficult to find unless you are staying at Cesar's! We checked out both the Bistro and the Bakery. Bistro first. Went for our last breakfast there and it did no disappoint. I got the Madam and husband went for the Florentine breakfast. Both were great dishes. All fresh ingredients and cooked right there in the middle. Yes the chef is cooking right there in a round island with tables surrounding it. The decor is very french and classy. As for the bakery we tried the coconut sorbet (yummy!) and the peach pastry. Both were delicious, a definite stop for the Sweet tooth here!
5	Payard blows the competition away.  While the pastries at several other establishments notably Jean Phillipe at the Aria and Bellagio visually look like the ones at Payard, they are not even close in terms of flavor.I first had the "George V'-Dark Chocolate Mousse and Vanilla Mousse Filled with Dark Caramel with Peanuts  and Black Sacher Biscuit.  This was absolutely amazing-pure chocolate heaven.Two days later I had the Vienne -flaky sable with dark chocolate mousse, orange marmalade and covered with caramel-truly amazing as well.If you love french pastries, do not miss Payard when visiting Las Vegas.
4	Had a Croque Madame. It was delicioius! Fun place! Kitchen was right in the middle of the bistro. Neat idea! We can watch everything he does. My partner had the best Eggs Benedict he has ever had!
4	Located in Ceasar's Palace, Payard Patisserie is actually kinda hard to find if you're not a regular. The casino is a bit of a maze as is the Ceasar's Palace in general.It might help to ask for directions, and if the servers can't point it out, ask for Rao's (the famous Italian joint across the hall). But I assure you that finding the famed Patisserie is worth your while.I, admittedly, found out about this place via Food Network. As one who love macarons, I had to come by since I was there. Since we were already there, we also ordered some "extras" (snacks and goodies) to devour. I recall the Lourve, which is a domed hazelnut mousse topped with a dark chocolate ganache. YUM. A dynamite Napoleon which whose crust was very flaky and yummy. Along with a couple other pastries.Oh and then there's the price... their stuff doesn't come cheap. A bag of macarons (about 6 I'd say) costs about $10. Each pastry is about $7... so yeah... But I suppose it's Las Vegas, things don't go for that cheap there.They do serve bistro options as well like quiches and sandwiches like panini's.I'd go back for the macarons, but I wish that I could pick which ones I want. But sadly, they are pre-packaged.
4	Just hug the left wall, and you'll get there eventually.  Maybe.  It's in a back section that is well-traveled but somehow I never quite end up there unless I'm not trying to get there.Nice place to have a coffee and croissant and watch folks wander by in the morning.  They've got pastries, gelato, macarons, crepes and a selection on artful little cakes.  It's all nicely done, though I'm not sure if it's that much better than anywhere else - certainly as good as most decent bakeries back home.I will say that on our last visit, our crepe was not freshly made, but produced rather quickly from somewhere mysterious.  It was still good - make sure you ask about the daily crepe special flavor which is not listed on the crepe menu.There's a strange gear-filled machine in the center of the place that's supposed to dispense little chocolates for free every so often.  Apparently it was malfunctioning the morning we were there, and my companion inquired after it, receiving a little box with a very dried out truffle in it as a result.
4	The desserts here are awesome!  It's not a place to score a steal of a deal but they offer delicious treats.  Unfortunately, their coffee items are a lot pricier than regular coffee shops (e.g. Starbucks) but the flavor of their coffee is on par with most places.  I can't say enough about the gelato though...love it!  Great way to indulge, especially during the summer months.  Their box treats, however, are a bit pricey.  One caramel can cost as much as $1/each and a package of 5 or 6 small macacrons can cost well over $10...yowsers!  Still, I do like coming here when I'm inside Caesar's Palace.  The place is a bit hard to find for people new to Caesar's Palace but if you just look for Rao's or the buffet, it's as easy as rounding a fountain...enjoy!
4	Sat down once, and the food was good in general, the service is decent as well. The walk'up counter is overpriced given it's to-go. The take out food quality is much lower than the restaurant, very greasy. Would pass if I wasn't staying at Caesars.
4	Wow yum! I love this place...definitely a quiet spot that is similar to Jean Phillipe but lesser known and arguably better. Berry crepe: Small yet delicious. I do think that Jean Phillipe has better sweet crepes as the crepe skin here is a bit too dense (its folded into a square) for my liking.Banana caramel crepe: I actually did not like this too much. Too sweet for my liking and the skin seemed even denser as it was drenched in heavy syrup. It's not bad for those of you super sweet tooth people though.White chocolate mocha: VERY good! Sweet and you can definitely taste the white chocolate (most places just taste like sweet syrup). A hint of light espresso...very yummy!Fruit cup: Fresh fruit...VERY fresh fruit. I don't like how the melons and pineapple were chopping into tiny pieces, but I can see how some people would like it. Fruit is sweet and yummy, but for $8...owch.Savory madame crepe: Swiss cheese, ham, sunny side up egg. Wow. Each bite was overflowing with melted cheese and it was just a mouth explosion! I would definitely get this!Chocolate trio: White chocolate is AMAZING! Sweet and delicate...dark chocolate is yummy too, light and not bitter. Surprisingly, milk chocolate paled in comparison to the other two, but it wasn't bad.Macaron: Pistachio is full of nutty almond-pistachio flavor! DELICIOUS! Passion fruit is also full of flavor and good, and the vanilla bean blew my mind! You can taste the vanilla bean (none of that fake vanilla crap) and it is definitely the best I've ever had. The purple macaron which I can't figure out what it is...is not so great. That one tasted completely off, but other than that...amazing!Overall, this place is big competition for Jean Phillipe in terms of savory crepes and drinks. Less of a line and smaller store than Jean Phillipe, making it a good alternative as a breakfast or quick snack place.
5	I discovered this place after watching Top Chef Just Desserts and immediately marked it as a high priority MUST TRY on our Vegas itinerary. Loved the banana cream tart. It was so delicious I went back a second time before our flight back just to taste it again. It's made with real bananas and you can taste hints of rum in the vanilla cream. Surprisingly the macarons were not that great even though the pastry chef was touted as the king of macarons on Top Chef. I've had better ones in Honolulu actually. But I would return again and again for the banana cream tart!Patisserie is baby friendly!
3	Missed the main store and went to the express one.  Had the macaroons and almond croissant.  I like both of them.
5	From the food to the desserts and chocolates, the service, and the atmosphere, Payard was as perfect as it can get. I had my doubts about the food, I mean technically he isn't known for the food, but I was very very happily surprised!!! Such a perfect little place in that isn't crowded and is just so pleasant to eat at.The service we had here was pretty darn good, the hostess, server and chef are all within sight and work very well together. The hostess is perfectly mannered and checks to make sure you are having a good time. The server is very friendly and does her job well. And the chef, is smack in the center of the place cooking up delicious food for its patrons.The decor? Preps you for dessert! Everything just reminds you of chocolate chocolate chocolate! Mostly dark brown hues complemented by lighter beige. The room itself is a big circle with the chef in the middle and the table laid out on the edges. There is a crazy swirly cream booth that runs the outside edge of the room that is plush and high backed. The light fixtures look like chocolate swirls with elongated glass ornaments hanging from them.And the food...so yummyy....Croque Madamehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=oe-RMp8C3ZPUiFM3lrOlcgThe best one I've ever ever had! Not just even slightly better, 10 times better than all the other ones! The bread was toasted to perfection, somehow they worked it so that it was flaky on the edges (perhaps some toasted cheese). Everything worked really well together from the egg in the middle to the cheese they melted on top and then of course the super toasty bread that I just loved. There was salad on the side too.Eggs Benedict served on a croissanthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=VTDmXd1AdVBLlo31ow1UygWhen they first put the plate in front of me, my first thought was that they had over toasted the croissant! But then, as I dug into the rich hollandaise sauce with the perfectly poached egg I understood why. They definitely were not light with the sauce and combined with the egg, it needed the crunchy toasted croissant to offset some of that richness. Plus if it wasn't toasted enough it would've become just a very smushy croissant instead. So delicious...but so rich. Order this...but make sure to switch plates halfway as the amount of egg yolk and butter will put you in a food coma for the rest of the day.MacaronsI was a bit disappointed that these were already packaged up and not sold individually, but oh well. Yummy nonetheless. These were made with the cookie being very light and the jam not extremely sticky. Neither was it chewy, just melt in your mouth. So light that if you bit into one, the whole thing didn't just crumble away but held together. The flavors they had in the 5 pack I believe were chocolate, coffee, strawberry, raisin, and lemon. All very good with the flavors being very natural and non artificial tasting.Chocolateshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=rZzpS1tBcGFBPYyn-kDy1Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=KbVL57qZsa1QgwWobJfT7wHad to try these of course right? He is known for this stuff...and rightly so. The chocolate shell is made so that when you bite into each piece it doesn't just crack away but goes with the filling. And each piece had so much clear flavor for such little bites. My faves were the rocher noir and the truffles.The rocher noir was dark chocolate and wafers. Oof...I could eat a whole bag of these, very very addicting. Light and fluffy yet crunchy at the same time. The truffles...melt melt in your mouth!!!I'm definitely coming back here next time I'm in Vegas. Oh...don't forget to check out the macaron tree in the front display too!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=3gNuupNE4bC3Ey8P_y8mvg
4	This was a great place for all elegant candies and gelato! We bought the assorted caramels and regret not getting more. Highly recommend this place.
3	Food is good but overpriced and tables are not enough
5	Had an out of body experience at Payard's this weekend. It helps that I was staying at Caesar's and this shop was very close to the elevator that dumped me into the casino.That said, I've written books on chocolate and had the best in France and NY--and this place is up there. The croissants, coffee and chocolate approach perfection. Everything is done with great care--even the fruit salad--but the shatteringly crisp, just-the-right-size croissants are haunting my dreams. (Of course, a box of chocolates came home with me.)My recommendation if you are staying at Caesar's? Send your lover down to Payards, have him/her bring back the croissants, coffee, and fruit,  stay in bed and pretend you're in Paris.
3	I came here with 6 of my cousins for brunch and I think it's a little over-rated. Definitely not one of my best brunches in Vegas. The dining room is pretty small and the service is sub-par. We had to get up and help ourselves to plates and napkins for several of us in the party. I thought we were going to have to go make the food ourselves.We started out with the assorted pastry basket. The almond croissant was one of the best ones I've ever had. It was flaky, not skimpy on the almond in the middle, and absolutely delicious. The blueberry muffin was okay - it was slightly denser than I prefer, but the taste was good. We also had a cheese danish -- the pastry was great and flaky, but the cream cheese in the center was a little odd.Then our entrees came - I got the croque madame which is ham, bechamel and swiss cheese in between two slices of bread with a sunny side egg on top. The sandwich was good for the first few bites, then I felt like I was going to keel over from a heart attack. They had put cheese on the outsides of the bread, which was slightly overkill. I like cheese, but cheese inside the sandwich, outside the sandwich, topped with bechamel is a little much. It's a good sandwich, but you could probably share it with someone and avoid clogging all your arteries. The salad that came with the sandwich was a little soggy.If you go to Payard, get an almond croissant or other pastries to go, and that should satisfy your craving for French food.  I don't think I would go back other than for that.
3	Agreed with the posting below. Almond croissant good, croque madame is super heavy. Cheese everywhere. Also, the egg on top looked really small and cut in half.I did really enjoy the lobster eggs benedict though on the potato waffle. A really  interesting mix because of the savory lobster on top of a sweet waffle. I enjoyed it but some others at my table thought it was a little odd.
3	We came here for the promise of free truffles from the grandfather clock and were disappointed as we waited for quite awhile with no free truffles to be seen.But in the mean time, we did get freshly made crepes and coffee, which was quite good. It's great to see the crepes made right in front of you and while they are simple, they were tasty. We took out food to a table by the fountain outside the shop and it was so crowded- lines were long. Prices are reasonable for Vegas. All around okay.
3	People highly regards this place as its operated by one of the best patisseries chef in USA so I held my expectation high.  It was good, but not good enough to blow me away.I tried both fruit tarts and pear tart to get a taste of it.  They are both very sweet, prolly to American liking.  My pear tart had a sugar coating on top of the napolean crust.  It was buttery and flaky but the fillings were soso .  Pear was tasteless, and the custard cream is so blah that my favorite shop in LA can make it much better custard cream anytime.Fruit tart is beautiful in its presentation, while the fruits were fresh and delicious, but the tart was lack of the almond scent and lack of layers plus the ordinary custard cream.  Epic fail.If you are in Caesars or nearby and wants a good dessert , come over here.  If you are here to experience the mind blowing dessert? go somewhere else.
3	So disappointed. I had high expectations for Payard's patisserie. I wanted to order many macarons and were told that they were $2 a piece. We paid for this and $10 for their display stand.  Instead of making my macarons fresh, they gave me the packages from their display stand (6 for $10) I do feel a bit cheated especially since its very noticeable that many macarons are tiny (see pics). I make macarons all the time and understand its difficult to pipe perfect macarons but every reputable macaron shop I have been to have at least consistent sized macarons. I expect the same from the "master of macarons". Aside from that they tasted fine and it seemed their other desserts were more carefully made.
5	Payard is a gem inside Caesars Palace. My husband and I got something from Payard every day of our trip to Vegas this past weekend, and all of it was delicious.The to-go area has a wonderful selection of all varieties of treats, from gourmet desserts to ice cream to sandwiches to made-to-order crepes. I tried the Crepe Madame for an afternoon snack on our first day (ham, cheese, and a fried egg inside a crepe - what's not to like?), and it was so delicious I got it again the second afternoon. My husband tried the mint chocolate chip ice cream the first day, which was great, and a nutella crepe the second day, which was absolutely delicious. We have visited Paris, and while nothing compares to the crepes you can get there, this one was pretty darn good. They also have iced tea that has a very distinct and unique flavor - I'm not certain what it was, but it was definitely better than your average iced tea.On our last morning at Caesars, we ate breakfast in the restaurant portion of Payard - what a great decision! I had eaten there several years before and remembered how good breakfast was, and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the Eggs Florentine and my husband ordered the Eggs Benedict. Both were served over a croissant and were very generous portions. The eggs were perfectly poached and the hollandaise sauce was fresh. My husband ordered a cup of coffee, which I tasted - it was as good as any cafe creme I'd had in Paris.On our way to check out, we also picked up a box of French macarons for the road. These were a bit pricey and weren't quite as good as macarons we'd had in Paris; I would skip them next time.Francois Payard was also in town while we were there - it was interesting watching him coach his Vegas staff, especially after seeing him as a judge on Top Chef Just Desserts.If you are staying in Caesars, save a breakfast for Payard, and some room in the afternoon for a crepe. Some of the best food we had in Vegas!
1	i came here as a party 9.. service was terrible.. i was getting up to get utensils and to pour the water.. the pastries are excellent though.. but you should just pick them up next door.. btw.. the croque monsieur is way too heavy.. too much cheese.. you can get a better one at mon ami gabi
3	I came here for a Sunday brunch with family. Our waiter was really friendly and I enjoyed their deco a lot. Atmosphere is trendy and classic. I ordered AYCE bunch and my fiance ordered broccoli and tomato quiche with mozzarella cheese. With AYCE brunch, you can get smoked salmon, prosciutto, ham from cold salad bar, and bagels, croissants, oak meals, fresh fruits parfaits from the other side of bar. Food tasted all right just not worth $22 per person for that. I tasted couple bits of my fiance's quiche, and it tasted pretty yummy. Will I come back? Yes,... but I will probably just order items from hot menu or just try out their patisserie next door.
4	BANANA CREAM TART! So good, yet so hard to find the place! It took us half an hour to find it in Caesar's Palace...the lady told us it was across from Berlini (?), but there were TWO, so we got super confused. The fastest way to get there is when you step out of the elevator from the parking structure, make an immediate right towards that Passage right pass David(?), the huge naked statue, and down the stairs on your left! I bought two packages of macaroons and they were good too! Worth coming here again to try the other desserts!
2	I'm an idiot and keep coming here whenever I go to Vegas with a new person.  Granted, I go to the takeout counter, which is cheaper and possibly worse than the sit-down restaurant, but probably better than the express counter by the casino entrance.  As usual, takes me forever to find.We had the croque monsieur (still good, would probably be better fresh) and an apple crepe which was forgettable.  So... yeah.  Lukewarm rich French food.  Still forgettable!  If you do go, try sending out someone in your party from the line to hover for chairs.  There's just a little less than enough seating, which is a good trick: tables are always full, which makes you think this place is awesome.  It is not.
4	Was good but expensive. Crepe was ok nothing spectacular.  Got the meatball sandwich and at first a a little irked that it was premade untill I took a bite. Wow.  Really good meatball. The smoothie was pretty good too.  Chocolate yum The only other big thing was them using plastic containers.  The sandwich warped the container.   Hmmm.
2	Due to rough scheduling, I went off on my own to find something quick to eat while staying at Caesar's. I just wanted a simple snack that didn't put a dent in my pocket or take up too much stomach space, so I opted for something hopefully reasonable at Payard, which is well known for their lavish desserts and chocolates. After having a mental breakdown at their standard-sized $9 crepes, I opted for a sandwich, which was terrible and cost me $10. I figured it would be something simple and filling (not to mention edible), but it turned out to be a cold, pre-premade sandwich with sad peices of iceberg lettuce and a desperate splash of Italian dressing. I'm ashamed to say that I threw most of it away, for fear of food poisoning. Maybe another time for one of their desserts.
5	Have returned to Payard several times since my last review and the bistro continues to be simply outstanding. My wife's vanilla latte was the "best I've ever had". I took a sip and is was so creamy and smooth that I would have to agree with her. I had the continental breakfast for the first time and it was very good. Lox, herbed creamcheese and great bagels, Crossiants,  other baked goods, yougurt, fresh fruit, granola and rolled delli meats. Just a great little spread, Your beverage is included in the price too.
3	Just got back from Paris and have been missing the crepes. I usually go to Crepe Expectations in Henderson - yup, I pretty much travel all over the valley for good eats - but, wanted to try Payard based on reviews and they use buckwheat crepes like in Paris (crepe expectations uses more of an egg based crepe, still delicious, just different). Overall, Payard makes a good crepe, but strip crowds are not my friend, though it usually doesn't bother me, on this Sunday there was a convention in full swing, I waited in line bout 15 minutes to order and then, they mentioned crepes were busy so, there was a 20 minute wait. The upside, at least protocols call for mentioning the wait/backup. I thought that was nice.I ordered the Crepe Madame, sans the ham, which leaves cheese and egg for $10.50. It was good but I wish they had more topping options especially if you are holding the meat.Bottom-line, I am glad I tried it, but, probably won't go back unless I am already in Ceasar's and hungry.
5	I had brunch on Saturday morning. As a party of 3, me and my sisters only had to wait 30 minutes, where we took the time to hit the slot machines. I ordered the Classic Croque Madame which was DELICIOUS!!! my sister had the Ham and Swiss Cheese quiche which was also amazing, and my other sister had the Lobster Eggs Benedict on a Potato Waffle which I would say tasted like a piece of heaven. 0=) It was my favorite meal I had in Vegas, and I also visited some pretty nice restaurants. It was quite a lovely experience. I  also went back a couple of time for their pastries. I LOVE THE ALMOND CROISSANTS! I brought my mom some meringues back home, and she ate half the box that night. totally recommend this place.
4	Decided to have breakfast at the Bistro after getting a delicious iced caramel macchiato the day before. I ordered the chocolate waffles with Nutella & caramelized bananas with a cappuccino. OMG, it was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had! The waffles were cooked perfectly and light as air & the Nutella, bananas and whipped cream on top sent it over the edge. Cappuccino was amazing too. Got a package of 6 macarons at the Patisserie- $10 for six which wasn't bad, the sizes were very inconsistent though. I got one giant pistachio and a small chocolate, vanilla, coffee, rasp lychee & passionfruit. The flavors were very good, coffee being my favorite. I wish I had room to try their gelatos & pastries, they looked incredible.
3	The crepes were a bit too sweet for my tastes.  I got the gnutella version, which i expected to be inside the crepe, but it was also spread all throughout the outside which made the crepe a little too hazelnutty.
5	Very cute spot!  The fresh smell of pastries is intoxicating.  Really enjoyed the variety in the breakfast buffet since I wasn't feeling the need for eggs (not included).  Large servings of smoked salmon and other meats.  Delicious pastries and good coffee.  Short wait time and convenient.
4	Payard Patisserie & Bistro has been on my bookmark list for quite some time now.  It wasn't until my last trip to Vegas where I happened to be staying at Caesars Palace that I was finally able to stop over for lunch.  Their Lunch Prix-Fixe Menu has been known to be one of the best Bang For Your Buck deals on the Strip, so I decided to run with it.  And for $24, I got a 3 course meal fit for royalty!Appetizer Choice: Shrimp Panzanella - Shrimp Scampi, Romaine Lettuce, Giant Crouton, Oregano Dressing(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=ecs62oUJ91kEJC_G78pQeA)Ain't it pretty?  Nice plump shrimp to go with the salad and a huge crouton.  It's a really generous portion for an appetizer.  This could've already been my lunch by itself!Entree Choice:  Duck Confit Cassoulet - Crispy Duck Leg, White Beans, Sausages.(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=x8G36JpjHYGY0zg6GultoQ)Oh man, this was so goood!  It may not look like much in the picture, but this cassoulet was loaded with big chunks of duck meat, white beans, chopped sausages, and also one white sausage inside as well.  I always already stuffed from the salad, but this really did me in.  But that's a good thing.   Really delicious!Dessert Choice:  The Louvre - Chocolate Mousse and Hazelnut Mousse with a Hazelnut Dacuoise(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=_9fWFCZ4yECeeEKfPhAU9w)I loved how you can pick any pastry from their Patisserie for the Dessert Choice.  I decided on The Louvre, just because it sounded cool.  And this really destroyed me!  So decadent with all that chocolate and hazelnut goodness.  It was a great end to a hearty and delicious lunch.I'm so glad I was able to stop by here for lunch and now I can see why the Prix-Fixe Lunch Menu really is a good Bang For Your Buck deal.  I definitely wouldn't mind coming back here again.
4	Awesome banana and other fruits + nutella crepes. Coffe was too strong. Fake silverware is a plus over white plastic ones.
1	Terrible lines and idiots for service
4	8am in Vegas?  Half the city is still asleep.Praline truffle + piping-hot Americano woke me right up.  Love their clean & fancy chocolate display.  Cafe chairs setup right outside (but it's odd to me that one can  enjoy yummy eats in a smoke-filled casino).Bonus for easy-grab just a step from the room towers.
4	3.5 STARS. Payard is a convenient brunch & breakfast spot in Caesar's palace but probably not worth trekking forSit-down brunch:---croque madame: my fav of the dishes we tried. Toasty crust!---quiche: another fav since it was flavorful---lobster benedict: pretty bland & the potato waffle wasn't crispy---omelet: pretty standardYou get a complimentary basket of bread (nothing special) but the waiters here go out of their way for you!!Also went to the cafe side for pastries & coffee---coffee: not bad, they have soy milk options!---almond croissant: tasty filling ( I wish I tried it fresh but I ate it at night, so it wasn't as flaky)---chocolate croissant: a bit dry (but again i at this at night)---cheese danish: FLAKY GOODNESS, had this one fresh right when they opened!! Mmm perfect sweetness in the centerTHANK GOD they open at 6am for you earlybird travelers!
4	yummy yummy yummy chocolate waffles :). Oh how i greatly enjoy Payard and all the delectable treats they offer. I stay at Caesars frequently when in Vegas and Payard's sit down restaurant is always a stop on my trip for breakfast...granted I try and stay away from this place until the end of the trip...I don't want to go to the pool after eating here. I have had the eggs benedict, the buffet and the chocolate waffles. The waffles are by FAR the best. If you like sweet these babies are for you. I like that it is a smaller setting and doesn't have 150 tables...that is something more difficult to find on the crazy Vegas strip.
5	We were too full from a massive lunch we ate to eat a real dinner, so we decided to eat dessert for dinner. We found this place on Yelp and headed out.Such a good decision.My mango-roasted pineapple-coconut molded mousse was out of this freaking world, and husband and dad both really enjoyed their white-chocolate-ganache-topped eclairs.All three of us ordered large glasses of milk with our desserts, and, weird as it is, it was some of the best milk any of us had ever had. Decadent, beautiful, delicious treats abounding.
2	How can you have such great pastry and such horrible service???  Ignored for 10 min at the counter while the manager was standing there watching!  When I spoke up I got attitude from the cashier.  No reaction whatsoever when I turned around and walked out.   Guess they got that authentic French rudeness down pat...  When you charge these kind of prices, shouldn't you at least have service at the level of a McDonalds?   Places like this reflect bad on Caesars too.
3	Fantastic macaroons, terrible gelato.
5	This is a must try for breakfast in Vegas.  I've had everything from the quiche, waffle, and buffet and they are all phenomenal.
3	Since this is one of my favorite patisseries that used to be in NY, I was ecstatic to find it at Caesar's Palace in Vegas.  I always love their flourless chocolate walnut cookies, which has the texture of fudge brownies.  Save room for their gelatos and sorbets.  The mint chocolate chip, pistachio, mango and coconut are worth trying.  The only drawback is that you're paying premium prices for what normally is more affordable outside of Vegas.  Although cookies and rice krispies are $4 each, once scoop of ice cream starts at $6 and a bottle of water is over $5.  Plus, they charge you for the cup even if you just want tap water.There is limited seating in and out of this cafe next to its formal restaurant.  The staff are a bit slow given they use 1 register, causing long lines especially during peak hours around meal times.  Parking is free and ample in the hotel's garage.
4	Try the almond croissant. I loved the almond filling along with the crisp outside. Although, it should really be classified as a danish rather than a croissant, since it doesn't have the layered buttery quality that authentic french croissants do. But a very good danish at that :)My sister and I have a fondness for hazelnut, so the Louvre dessert was a match made in heaven! It had wonderful hazelnut flavor that melded nicely with the chocolate mousse. I also loved how the bottom had an unexpected crispy texture that went well with the creamy surrounding. It's a very dense and rich dessert. Perfect for two in my opinion.As for the brunch/lunch menu:I had the Crepe Madame and opted for swiss cheese (you can choose swiss of cheddar) and had the egg scrambled. My sister had the ham and swiss quiche. Nothing spectacular. We came to a consensus that  while the food was ok, they could have improved it by adding some spinach, or tomatoes for taste, but It was fine. I had fun watching them make my crepe though...3.5 stars mainly because I enjoyed their desserts so much :)
4	Is this the trail to Payard's Place, was all I saidThis concierge has heard that question lots beforeWe strolled through Caesar's Casino and marched straight aheadIt was on a corner curveFrom an inside counter serveIt was there where we saw the macarons.The waitress poured our water into tiny cupsShe got the caprese sandwich from the fridgeShe took crepe batter from a tin and whipped it upAdded mushrooms, chicken, creamIt was a Paris cafe dreamExpensive, but ended too soonThose summer nights, when we were freeFour-day vacation for wifey and meTravel eaters, travel eatersAnd in our quest for macaronsWe stumbled on these DESERT MOONsVegas dreamers, Vegas dreamersOf DESERT MOONsOf macaronsOf DESERT MOONsOf macaronsCaprese sandwich mozzarella fresh and lightBasil and tomato so mixed wellThe chicken crepe needed something to make it rightWe got mojito mint cheesecakeToo rich for me to takeAnd then we got to our macaronsI've never had a macaron I've liked beforeEuropane has the closest to me heartBut when I tried this Payard disk, I wanted moreThe fillings not too sweetA flaky cookie treatThese desserts made my tongue and heart swoonThose summer nights, when we were freeFour-day vacation for wifey and meTravel eaters, travel eatersAnd in our quest for macaronsWe stumbled on these DESERT MOONsVegas dreamers, Vegas dreamersOf DESERT MOONsOf macaronsOf DESERT MOONsOf macarons
4	Being a bit of a 'meat and potatoes' guy, I would usually walk right past a place like Payard when it's time to eat, but as I lapped Caesar's Palace looking for a quick breakfast one recent morning when I was flying solo, Payard definitely fit the bill. While I could have opted for a sit-down experience inside the restaurant, I hit the 'express' line and ordered a buckwheat crepe stuffed with ham, cheddar and egg over easy. So simple and so good. I watched a young woman craft my crepe before my eyes and was soon enjoying it with my morning coffee at a self-service bistro table right in front of the restaurant. Quick, easy, delicious and under $10. Payard, I'll be back...maybe for dessert next time!
4	I went here for breakfast/brunch on Saturday.  Good omelet and the croissants are fresh.  Ask them for a side of that herb cream cheese for your croissant, yummy.  Service was good and fast.
4	I always try to stop here when I am in Vegas.  They have a wide variety of sweets from chocolates to gelato to crepes to fancy pastries.Favs:* Coconut macaroons (the best I have ever had)* Banana caramel crepe* Apricot cheese danish* Sweet Relief (a pastry cake with tropical flavors on the outside surrounded by meringue)Needs improvement:* Should have gold boxes of chocolate (Ballotins) year-round* French macarons (Bouchon knows how to make them)* Vegetable ratatouille crepe (needs a sauce to pull it together)* Flourless chocolate cookie (truly awful when I had it last week - bad texture, not sweet enough, flavor was off, like it was missing an ingredient)
5	I don't quite know how to say this, but how about this, "Woohoo!"Both dinner in the Payard dining room and breakfast at the bakery were FANTASTIC!I have never been to Paris (well, we did walk through the casino and lobby of Paris Las Vegas)... but now I think I know what it is like to eat in a real Parisian bistro and sidewalk cafe.Dinner was a particular pleasure.  Really nice menu options, great waitstaff... and that open kitchen in the middle of the dinning room is awesome.  Hearing and smelling our dinner cooking was a real experience and a real pleasure.  Everything we ate was a real pleasure too!
5	Best eggs benedict ever.  No question.Croissants are amazing.The chocolate waffle is one of the best things that has ever toughed my lips.  I love the French cuisine!  Such an intimate setting- lovely for a quiet breakfast or a romantic dinner.  The pastry bar next door is incredible as well.
4	Review for the Patisserie side:Excellent authentic French pastries.  Enjoyed the mille-feuille (Napoleon)-spectacular!  I thought the pastry cream in it was perfect, but my husband felt it was a tad too sweet. Pastry portion flaky, delicate, and as delicious as could be!  Four stars rather than five for the following reasons: somewhat limited selection of pastries (though the term quality over quantity comes to mind...), we got ice cream as part of our treat and it was TERRIBLE (grainy and lacking in flavor), and for my husband's opinion regarding sweetness.  Would be helpful if Yelp split the Patisserie from the Bistro for ease of browsing reviews. Will definitely return to the Patisserie in the future!
5	Almond croissant and hazelnut americano. My happiness
4	Really great coffee. Okay vegetarian crepe. They only serve bagels early in the day :( But again, really great coffee, which I think is hard to find in Vegas. I would go out of my way for it.
3	I made a point to stop here for one reason and one reason only:  French Macarons.I got the assorted pack of Macarons--Vanilla, Pistaccio, Raspberry, Chocolate, Coffee, Passionfruit.  They are quite pricey compared to my favorite Macaron bakery in Chicago, and since this is "Payard" I was expecting taste bud bliss at first bite. The flavors were amazing--the raspberry and passion fruit being my favorite. Every flavor true to it's namesake. But the light crunch of biting into a macaron just wasn't there.  It was like biting into a soft cookie--and I really don't like soft cookies--give me a bit of crunch anyday.  Now these just may be how Payard makes their macarons, but color me a little disappointed.  Plus packaging in a cellophane bag?  Every place I've purchased Macarons uses little boxes--you don't want to crush those little gems up!  Service is friendly but super slow.
4	Beautiful, inviting little shop in Caesers Palace located at the foot of the conference/banquet rooms escalators.I purchased the six pack of macarons for co-workers as well as the four pack of caramels, and both were delicious.I also tried their coffee, part of a cheese danish and apricot danish, and all were very tasty and fresh.A tip - go earlier in the day for macarons, they sold out by evening each of the 3 days that we were there!
3	We always go to Jean Phillippe for their desserts and pastries, so we wanted to get around to trying Payard at least once to compare. In my humble opinion, I like Jean Phillippe much better. Payard, at least when I went, was slow and the food looked like it had been sitting out for a while. This was true for the macarons, which were hard and dry. They were packaged and sitting in the fridge and not at all what I think of when it comes to French macarons. The desserts were similar to those at Jean Phillippe, but since I don't go to Caesar's often, I probably would just get desserts elsewhere if I was looking for some.
2	I tried the Berry Crepe, it was ok, nothing special. They charge me $1.50 for a cup of plain Tap water.
4	payard, a brand name patisserie with the price to match $4 for a chocolate croissant. but is it worth it though? that's for you to decide.  it is crispy and flakey but not greasy despite the butter in there. personally i could have done with less butter. the line was long around 930am on a friday and the the express line was closed due to lack of staff. i guess even payard is affected by bad economic times. one staff was running from one side to the other trying to take care of the dine-in people.
5	We've now eaten breakfast here three times over the last 2 years, and each time has been phenomenal!  The service and the atmosphere are great and the food is even better.  It's decadent, but well worth the caloric splurge.  The prices are reasonable by Vegas standards.  The place is small, but they do take reservations.  We have tried the waffles and the lobster eggs benedict and it was all delicious.  The coffee is great, and the fresh-squeezed OJ comes in a generous portion.  This place is a gem!  If you're into quality over quantity, this is the place you want to check out!
5	Last weekend, the bf brought me home some macarons from Payard!  I sent him the link in case he had time to pick me up some and he did :D He brought back home two pre-filled 6 packs of assorted Macarons and told me that you had to order in advance if you wanted specific flavors.He bought macarons but by the time he landed in San Jose, they became crackarons. Since they were in the plastic bags, they got smushed into his backpack. I didn't mind at all since I was blown away by how good they still were! I must say that it was indeed the best macarons  (or should I say crackarons) I've ever tasted..."Vanilla - Induces the simplest of sensations, providing an enticingly enriched twist of a classic taste. Pistachio - Is an amply nutty experience with the subtle pleasure of the original French staple.  Coffee - Evokes the pleasure of sipping on a cup of the finest brew while incorporating a delightfully nutty flavor. Raspberry Lychee - Smoothly surprises the senses with a sharp, yet satisfying touch of raspberry and exotic flavor of lychee."-Description taken from the website (I just learned that Payard came from NY's chef francois payard) http://www.payard.com/So we are very lucky to have a Payard on the West Coast since it's only in New York, Japan, and Korea at the moment. Around the Bay Area, I thought that I preferred the fruity flavors like passionfruit and lemon only because they weren't overpoweringly sweet... However, Payard makes them perfectly.. The coffee tasted just like coffee and the pistachio was one of the best I've ever had. The Pumpkin Spice even surprised me a little because I'm not a fan of pumpkin. Vanilla was one of my favorites. I'm gonna have to return and buy a box of 20 macarons, pick up another dessert, and try lunch there. Eeksss now I can't wait to go back to Vegas. Needless to say, these macarons did taste like crack. I can't get enough! xD
2	I don't know how the service was so bad; but it was.  I came here for a later dinner, around 9:00 p.m. and somehow ended up waiting at every part of my dining experience.  I really don't even have much to say besides the fact that dinner took more than 45 minutes to get to the table.  In the meantime, the table next to us (who ordered at the same time, ate and left) and people who came after us were served their meals as well.  I really don't know what happened, but the manager didn't have anything to say.  So sure the food was good, but the service sure could use some improvement.
5	Wowers! This place is an oasis from that awful buffet line across the way. Escaping into Payards 'just to browse' turned into an amazing snack. There was a seasonal pumpkin-chestnut tart with an almond layer somewhere in it as well that I could not resist. It was dessert heaven.I can not wait to be back... In fact, my next trip over to Caesars I'll skip the buffet, and head straight for Payards.
3	The pastries arent the best Ive had but pretty darn great after a long night of drinking and gambling.  The brioche french toast was a little spongy in texture and overall was forgettable.  The eggs benedict they had was decent, served in a croissant which i thought was a nice touch.  I was surprised they didnt offer more baked goodies i.e. pastries.  After all its francois payard.  They do however have a good amount of fine chocolates which I decided to pass on.  This place is a pretty decent breakfast/brunch option.  They offer a buffet as well, but many people just ordered the ala carte.  The buffet offerings didnt look appealing with cereals, parfait, baked goods.  Not enough variety to justify the almost $20 price.
2	This is a review only on the macarons, nothing else.I'm no expert when it comes to macarons, in fact, I've only had it once or twice before my experience with Payard.During my visit to Las Vegas, I've wanted to check out Payard because of the famed grandfather clock, and I got that chance the day when I had to wait in line for the Bucchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace. It's a convenient location, to be situated right across from the buffet. My guess is they probably had an increase of business from the people who had enough of the wait for the buffet during holiday seasons, I know I was tempted.Which girl doesn't love sweets, right? Couple that with the famed grandfather clock that pops out free truffles, which in itself is a masterpiece to marvel at; and the outstanding reviews on yelp, I've built myself quite an anticipation and expectation for Payard.While I was waiting in line for the Bucchanal buffet, my stomach started its daily protest and I thought to myself, "This is the perfect time to visit Payard and get myself those famed macarons." So off I go to the dessert land.And... can't be more disappointed.First of all the macarons were prepackaged inside a plastic bag and were put inside the fridge, which seems like what a mass-production factory would do to packaging goods, but was not attractive at all when it comes to what I assume is top-tier patisserie.There's no label telling you what flavors are inside, so you'll just have to depend on your palate, or yelp review. I assume the green one is pistachio, and since a lot of the yelp reviews rave about this particular flavor,I decided to start with this. I tried sniffing it, but didn't smell any particular flavor other than something sweet. Next tried biting, and the top layer cracked while the inside remained chewy. But still... I didn't taste anything remotely close to pistachio.The macarons were small in size, about two bites and I've finished one. So it didn't really help when I only have one of each flavor and each of them was so small that I couldn't distinguish any distinctive flavor for any of it, except coffee.For ten dollars a bag, my conclusion was I was eating six sweet whatever thingy that was filled with food coloring, and occasionally stuck to my gum if I took too big a bite. I'd rather pay the ten dollars at any bakery and have something that even though tasted too sweet, at least gave me the wonderful aroma of something that came fresh out of the oven and what I could call, comfort food.
2	LETTE macaroons are way better in Fashion Island Newport Beach CA
5	Payard - you've done it again & even converted a Payard-doubter in the process...For our "After-Event" / Morning After Brunch, I knew we wouldn't be going anywhere but Payard.  Our other choice was Bouchon - which is yummy in its own rights but my heart was set on Payard & we only had the 1 morning...Eggs Benedict for our doubting Buddy & he quickly claimed these were the BEST eggs benny he's ever had & that's saying something 'cause he's a connoisseur.So he wolfed that down in no time flat then decided to choose something off their sweet & savory menu - which is a new menu they've recently put out.  Combines both sweet & savory just like the menu implies & Buddy chose the Apple Tartin something-or-other w/ some kind of Frisee Salad thingy.  Again - he was blown away & a full-on Payard believer at this point( and yeah, for those of you keeping track, that's TWO huge breakfasts he ate in 1 sitting )Buddy #1 got eggs, bacon & toast & was completely jealous she had not ordered the Benny after just 1 tasteSis chose the Eggs Florentine but they came on a Potato Waffle & that's what had us all intrigued.  They took potato flour & made waffles & it gave her Benny a wonderful flavor layer BF & I chose the Brioche French Toast - which is my go-to at Payard.....he loved the frenchie but I thought mine was just a bit on the dry side, this visit.  but knowing this was the exception & not the norm, I choose to forgiveEveryone also got their own order of breakfast potatoes & at first, our waitperson said we had ordered too many b/c the servings are pretty big.....but she didn't know who she was dealing with & the vast amounts of taters we can consume.  Those plates were no match & every little plate was polished clean!Top it off w/ fresh-squeezed OJ all around & you've got 1 stuffed tableSo until next time my lovely Payard!
5	I was staying in the hotel and walked down for breakfast. For 2 sandwiches and a chocolate crepe and cappuccino it cost $40 which is pricey but it was excellent. The food was literally finger licking good and my kids asked for seconds. I was tempted to eat the rest of my meals there but couldn't afford that price tag for the small portions. A local discount at ANY of the strip hotels would be nice since we keep them open in the lean times. I was pleasantly surprised and will go back to the hotel just to eat here. It has a few tables but is mostly a take away food place. I was stuck in a long line behind some conventioneers from a gynecology convention but these docs were tame and polite so it was tolerable. Getting in and out of the hotels is a pain when you're driving but eating there is worth it. Kudos. Damn tourists. ;)
4	I came here with my wife for a Sunday brunch and got exactly what I was looking for. Very good bistro fare at a price that I knew was coming. It's about $20 - $25 a person, and for the portion sizes it is certainly a little on the expensive side, but the food is rock solid and so was the service. We were seated almost immediately, and I feel like it was just due to us being polite and not interrupting the woman as she was working. She found us a table for two and instantly we were asked what beverages we would like. I ordered a coffee and they brought it out post haste with milk. Cafe con Leche is one of the world's perfect things, but they bring sugar for you as well. We both ordered sandwiches, which came with a delicious salad. The sandwiches were smallish, but I didn't leave hungry and I didn't find myself having anything else to eat until many hours later.Very happy that I ate here, and I would recommend it to anyone that likes French food.
3	Great little spot for breakfast. Came here with my partner while we were staying at Caesar's Palace for the weekend. I had a delicious, fluffy waffle covered in bananas and Nutella, and he had French toast that looked pretty good, too. I will say, though, that the espresso/cappuccino left quite a bit to be desired.
4	Like my last trip to Vegas before, I made another impromtu visit to Payard Bistro.  This time it was for breakfast.Because I was impressed by what my friend had ordered last time, I decided on trying out their Croque Monsieur.http://bit.ly/114h4rUI've had Croque Madame sandwiches but never had a Croque Monieur before.  Even without the egg, it really is a completely different sandwich.  I do love the torched melted cheese on top.  That is a winner!  Good stuff!Unfortunately, I didn't stop for dessert this time since it was still early in the day.That's pretty much all I had.  I still think you're better off coming here for lunch as it's still the best "bang for your buck" lunch deal on the Strip.  Still a solid place to eat if you're around Caesars Palace.
2	We were a bit confused at first.  When you first enter Caesar's there's a Payard Express, then a place that is called Payard but only sells the pastries, and then, walk a LITTLE further, and, there's the sit down place.We didn't make reservations for breakfast.  Oops.  Thank goodness they were able to seat us.  It's a brief menu, but the items on it sure did sound delicious.  I was torn between the Lobster Eggs Benedict with waffles and the Salmon Croque Madame.  In the end, I chose the Salmon Croque Madame.Wish I picked the Lobster Eggs Benedict.But the food was delicious.  My food came with two runny eggs (I like runny eggs) on top which heightened the flavor of the dish.  Without it, my dish would probably have been "blah", and I would have been terribly disappointed.The service was lacking.  For such a snooty place, I felt our waiter was a bit rude to my friend and I, consistently serving the table next to us, and ignoring any of our breakfast needs.  Yes, water was refilled and coffee replenished, but not by our waiter.  Our waiter barely ever stopped at our table.  To the waiter who served us, you are lucky you were redeemed by the smiling man who refilled my water.  But the tip was for you, and I hope you realized that.We took a quick stop at the bakery/cafe/bistro place next door to swipe some other goodies like packaged chocolates and an almond croissant for the road.  The almond croissant was delicious.  I probably could have had that and a good cup of coffee for breakfast and enjoyed it more.
4	The coffee and atmosphere were wonderful.  But $7 for coffee! Really?!
3	This a great spot to grab a quick bite for breakfast. Nothing special but a quick place to grab breakfast. Quick bites seem to be a rare thing nowadays in the larger casinos,with the exception of food court meals and Starbucks. The crepes are delicious and they offer quick egg sandwiches, quiches, and other treats to go. It is definitely overpriced but thats because it is in Vegas! You can either dine in at the restaurant or grab a quick bite to go next door.  I definitely prefer the Bouchon bakery in the Palazzo.
4	This review is for the sit-down part of the restaurant.The place is small, but really intimate with very friendly servers and management. We went there for dinner because other places needed reservations and we didn't plan ahead. It was quiet and peaceful. (Yea! That's difficult to find in Vegas!)I had just eaten at Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill (check out my review) so settled for dessert while my boyfriend and his mom had dinner. I got the berry crepe and my oh my was it yummy! I used to make crepes at an old job so I know when a crepe is done well. I had it a la mode with the Dulce de Leche gelato and wow was it a great combination!The reason why this place doesn't get a perfect review is because my crepe was more expensive at the sit-down restaurant when compared to next door and my boyfriend's mom's lamb was just alright. I would still go back for the environment and service!
4	Nutella crepe. NUTELLA crepe!!!! It was so delicious, but in all fairness, anything with nutella is. My husband and I came here specifically to try the crepes (he's on a crepe kick), he ordered the s'mores version. It was covered in a super rich, almost espresso-tasting, chocolate sauce. The hand whipped cream won me over... sooo good! As we sat out front in the bistro seating, people actually slowed down and drooled over what we were eating! I look forward to trying more goodies at this place!
4	The bf took me here for brunch on Saturday for my birthday.  It is quite small inside, but very cute and quaint.  We were about 15 minutes late for our reservation, but the hostess was nice enough to still seat us right away.  He had asked if they could do something nice for my birthday so they had an arrangement of chocolate covered strawberries all ready for me with a little happy birthday chocolate card, all of which were very delicious.  I ordered a mimosa and the lobster eggs benedict.  My bf ordered the chicken sandwich.  His sandwich was more of a very thin panini with a side of greens.  My lobster egg benedict, on the other hand, looked amazing.  The eggs were perfectly poached and covered with a fluffy version of hollandaise over a generous portion of lobster and waffle cake.  It was melt in your mouth to die for.  I could only eat one and ended up taking the second one home.  I ate it the next day and it was still freakin' delicious!Our server was perfectly nice but she rarely checked on us and our food took forever to come out.  Other than that, this was a great experience.  Just be prepared to pay a LOT for not so much food.  It is fine dining, after all.
4	I had to go by this place every time I wanted to get to my bank of elevators, so of course I probably sampled a bit too many of the goods here.  This shop is actually kind of 2 in 1.  One half is the bistro that serves meals and the other half is more the bakery/coffee shop.  I frequented the latter.  In my many visits, I had a chocolate eclair (creamy chocolaty goodness), a pasty called the Louvre (ganache, chocolate mousse and hazelnut wafers), chocolate decadence (another mousse, fudgy concoction), and of course a variety of macaroons.  My absolute favorite was the louvre - it is a knock you off your seat, rich chocolate and yummy hazelnut (which I am a sucker for).  My complaint here is their service, or maybe more precisely their set up . The line starts at one side, but you can't see the pastries until you are basically at the register to pay - so everyone walks around and it gets confusing (and the attendants don't seem to be much help).  They also do not have all their pastries correctly marked.  Some of the signs were off, so just make sure what you think you are getting is what you actually get.  Prices were what you would expect to pay for dessert at a restaurant.  I thought it was worth it! I would go back (and did) again and again!
4	Excellent pastries, just okay brunch.My fiance and I both ordered benedicts for breakfast since the waitress highly recommended it. I wasn't terribly impressed since one egg was pretty much soft boiled and the other was half boiled, half gooey. Fiance had the same deal with his eggs. The hollandaise sauce was perfect though. The fried potatoes were pretty standard, nothing impressive.For desserts, had the George V, a caramel dessert, and a small baggy of macarons. The mousses were perfectly smooth and creamy, the chocolate dark and decadent. The macarons were good (crisp shell, chewy center, not hollow!), but I must say I liked Jean Philippe's more. The packaging held up well enough so I was able to take them on the plane without much damage to the treats, but they are a bit bulky.Payard is going to be a must have whenever I'm in Vegas, but next time I'll skip the brunch and buy all the cakes.
4	None of the pastries in the display case were correctly marked, so what I ended up getting (based on the title card) was completely different than what I thought I ordered. Thankfully I ordered based off of description, so it ended up being good. Someone else complained about that while we were there.They're not set up very well, either, as you have to go thru the line to see the display case of pastries, but you're already at the register so it really just confuses the situation.We got our stuff to go and they didn't have plasticware. Thankfully the hotel gave us coffee spoons in our room so we ended up using those.4 stars based off of how good the pastries actually were :)
4	Dinner service - shared two medium rare steaks and the lobster bisque. Good food came out quicker than I expected and the service was attentive. The bisque could of have some lobster chunks in it, I substituted some pieces of snacking bread and threw those in. Desserts were tasty, the Apple Crepe was huge, enough for two, and a little plain. The lemon tart was tasty.
2	If you already have Jean Philippe and Bouchon Bakery within walking distance, you'd better bring your A-game to be competitive. Unfortunately, Payard just can't compete. Here's my list of complaints:1) The shop is hard to find in the maze created by construction at Ceasars, and several of the Ceasars employees don't even know where it is.2) There's nobody actually at Payard (unlike the lines at the other patisseries), and there's a good reason for it.3) The shop and employees look really sad because the decor, layout and color scheme don't do the place any favors.4) There's a machine that is supposed to dispense chocolates (free), but it doesn't work anymore or was turned off to save them some money.5) They make macarons but they're only available prepackaged (and they looked dried out and chipped up in the packaging).6) The Opera Cake was dry and slightly flavorless.7) The Napoleon had the right flavors but the pastry had dried out completely and you couldn't cut through it with the plastic knife they had available ... major disappointment.So, do yourself a favor and skip Payard for one of the better patisseries. Bouchon has amazing macarons and chocolate treats, and JP's had great pastries.
5	this is a lovely place inside of caesars for dessert and bistro/cafe food.a bit overpriced, but as is everything in vegas.would definitely return.the desserts are absolutely amazing!!
1	Good food/drink, but TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! The staff member that waited on me was incredibly rude.  I'll definitely never go there again... I expect more than that from an establishment in Caesar's Palace.
2	Sandwiches are pre-made and put in a microwave to warm up. Even after that my sandwich came out cold and had to go back to ask them to microwave again. The iced tea tasted like it was brew several days earlier. Overpriced.
5	Outstanding. Service was attentive, food was excellent. Roasted chicken was crispy and juicy. Turkey, stuffing, and mashed potatoes were well cooked. Highly recommend.
3	I have very  mixed feelings about this place.  We spent $30 on next to nothing for lunch and were disappointed by the savories.  $20 went to slim, cold sandwiches that were tasteless and just unsatisfying in every way.  The chocolate cake and almond croissant redeemed the special trip to Caesar's just to try Payard.  With so many options on the Strip, I'm not sure I'll be back, but I'd grab another slice of cake if I were to pass by again.
5	Only 49 guests allowed at any given time so wait times can be long without a reservation. Waited about 20 minutes for a table but were tended to immediately with server bring our beverages and water. Chef cooks in the middle of dining room so you can watch and eat as meals are prepared.  They have continental breakfast with croissants, fresh fruit, charcuterie, fresh squeezed juices and coffee.  I ordered the tomato, broccoli and mozzarella quiche with salad that had a tangy dijon vinaigrette that was delicious.  Will go back tomorrow to try the Chocolate Waffle with Nutella and banana compote.  Ummmm.  Can't wait.
3	Coffee is coffee, I needed a quick bite of something in the morning upon waking up. I walked into payard and what the heck, a long line????Later I see express lane for coffee only~ which I desperately needed, so I head down there and grab a chocolate croissant too. It was good, but com'on it has chocolate it has to be good. Should've tried almond like everyone else mentioned for a change. Maybe next time.
4	Had a phenomenal djnner last night. Not 5 stars because of the odd set up with reservation podium and having to wait. Waiter was very knowledgeable of menu and made some great recommendations. My wife and I settled on the prix fixe menu. I had filet w/ peppercorn sauce and scallops with potato and it was top notch. Dessert was a ten and the fat tire was solid. Manager was very nice and his kindness was appreciated.  Best meal I have had in Las Vegas in months.  Small circular room with food cooked in middle by a few chefs. Quite unique. Seats only about 50.  Reservations encouraged for weekends.
5	The DEFINITIVE macaron.  It has basically put all other macaron shops to shame.  Payard's recipe is perfectly delicate with a light crunchy outer shell and the moist smooth melt in your mouth center.  My favorite flavor is coffee, and pro-tip, you can call the night before and order specific flavors instead of having just the assorted flavor pack available for sale.  This is my must-stop treat for every trip to Vegas.
1	I really wanted to like this place but it was one thing after another with this place. First the line was really long but we figured its vegas. After paying for our food, me and the boyfriend waited for a long time, everyone before us had gotten their order and people after us started to get their orders. So my boyfriend went to go ask if our order was coming up, all the boyfriend got out of his mouth was "excuse me" before some lady who looked like the manager rudely said "yes, the order for Susan is on its way". My boyfriend paid and HE was the one who said excuse me. No way does he look like a Susan. Everyone else ran by, when he finally got someone else's attention, they couldn't even find his ticket, and asked for our receipt, they had lost our order. When we finally got our crepes, they didn't give us our drink, said we didn't order one. My boyfriend asked for his receipt back, which they had lost too. So they called the manager to get another copy, which she rudely did with an attitude. Checked the receipt, YES we did order and pay for a mocha. Finally got our food and left. CrepesI got the Nutella with strawberries. This was good, but how hard is it to mess this up?Boyfriend got the crepe supreme. Was the nastiest thing ever. He couldn't even finish it, so we shared mine. The mocha was ok. Not worth the money or wait. Please don't give your customers attitude when they are willing to wait in your long line and pay your ridiculous prices attitude.
4	This little patisserie is one of my favorite stops after a long Vegas day.  I head over and get the s'mores crepe to go.  It is so decadent and gooey...and oh so delicious to devour while staring out at the strip at night.  I've never veered away from the crepes...they are just THAT good.
2	No issue with the food, more of an issue with the waiting.Ordered a panini and ordered it cold to save time since I was in a rush. They are premade which is fine and I would have assumed it could just quickly come out of the fridge and into a plate but instead it wound up heated up instead which took what seemed like forever when I was in a rush.And although I ordered red gatorade they decided I wanted yellow but with the amount of time it took for them to get anything done I just settled.
2	Wow. Gross. I love a place that makes great baked goods. I love a place that makes okay baked goods. I don't love Payard. I was in a desperate need of some pastries, baked goods and was hunting for macarons... enter Payard.Right out of the gate I saw macarons and got excited. Then I found out that they're all pre-made, prepackaged and sold in packages of assorted flavors. How lame is that?! Super lame. Nibble nibble bleh. Not impressed. I decided to order their s'more crepe. What a let down. It's pretty hard to mess up a crepe. There was plenty of chocolate which was good as I love chocolate. There was next to no graham cracker on this crepe save for a few crumbs sprinkled sparingly on top of the whipped cream. The whipped cream is not home made and tastes funky. The marshmallow drizzly bits were tasty but definitely lacking. This was really a chocolate crepe that bumped into another crepe and had some of that other crepe's ingredients on it; like when you order French fries and your friend orders onion rings and you find that one onion ring hidden in your fries... except not awesome like that. The crepe itself was a bit chewy. Really... this was not an enjoyable breakfast at all. My vacation companion disliked their espresso to the point of not finishing it, throwing it out and offering to pay for both our coffees if I would go find a Starbucks. Starbucks coffee is better than Payard's coffee... seriously?!The thing that is even crazier about this is I saw an "express" version of Payard elsewhere in the hotel/casino. Really?! Payard is already like a fast food version of a bakery. Next thing you're going to tell me they have McDonald's Express... oh, wait. I guess a shorter wait for bland food is a good thing though.If you're not used to quality baked goods, crepes, macarons, etc then this is probably going to be an okay spot for your sweet tooth to get a fix but if you love quality and tasty treats you're better off passing on Payard. Not a fan.
3	Fantastic customer service puts Payard a step above the rest of the "quick-spots-to-get-breakfast-in-Vegas". I walked over to Caesar's one morning to get macrons because I saw Wolfgang Puck on Food Network say Payard makes the best macrons ever. Well, some of you may know we have our own amazing little French bakery here in Cbus, Pistacia Vera http://www.yelp.com/biz/pistacia-vera-columbus, so you know I had to go to Payard to see if indeed, they are the best.Well, sorry Wolfgang , but I must contest and declare Pistacia Vera's macrons as king. They have better texture, bolder flavor, are larger, and overall more yummy. If you're ever in Columbus, OH give them a try! But, like I said, great customer service. They kept the line moving and their crepes looked really delicious, but I didn't have time for them. They also had a fridge case of really tasty looking grab and go sandwiches. I just grabbed the cookies and ran (after paying $10 for 6, of course).
4	I love their desserts here! It's a little hidden in Ceasar's Palace (or maybe it's just because it's a huge place and I wasn't familiar with where I was going..Haha) I had their gelato and boy oh boy! It's so flavorful and robust. Just the perfect amount of sweetness too! I bought boxes of macaroons to take home for my family and friends. They come in really cute packages and hardcover boxes so there's less chance of it getting crushed. I still had them in my carry-on just to be safe ;p
2	Payard on the outside seems like it would be wonderful, however, the limited menu, overly buttery breakfast items and average baked goods can't compete with other options in the area. If you are in a pinch and in between stops, it can't hurt. Not something I would seek out again.
4	Almond croissant was definitely a signature item.  The chocolate croissant was good but nothing special.  Each pastry was $4.  Apparently, the clock/time machine looking thing in the middle of the store spits out free truffles periodically.Other important info: express line was super efficient and awesome, located close to Cesaer's Palace registration, Noodle No. 9, and right across from Rao's, it's a take-out type of place and first-come-first-serve seating, definitely try the almond croissant.
5	Man o man this place is *hop skip and a jump* deliciousness!  Their expresso prices are European style "$10" a cup but TOTALLY worth it.  We stayed at the Cesar's Palace which is where this place is located so every morning (okay okay noon since that's when my day really started) I would take the lift down to the ground floor and trot my little booty over for some good coffee.  Needless to say, thank God there isn't a Payard by my place otherwise I'd be broke.  *two thumbs up*
4	This place makes awesome Crepes!!! They sell chocolates and pastries.They have breakfast Crepes such as their Crepe Madame with Swiss Cheese, Ham and Egg to the more traditional fruit and chocolate Crepes. Since it is within Ceasar's Palace, they are on the expensive side, $11-15 for Crepes.Their Espresso and Coffee offering are so-so, but their Crepes more than make up for this.
3	Had a ton of vouchers from a timeshare that we used here for breakfast and brunch. Quiet, peaceful, continental and fresh. Try their breakfast "buffet" of sorts. So yummy and classy buffet isn't a befitting word. Beautiful flaky crispy and sweet light pastries, and crisp lean but richly warm coffee. Have the croque Madame or croque mr. To start your day off right.
3	You'll find Payard Patisserie & Bistro inside Caesars Palace on your way to the Palace Tower rooms. We went there for a quick brekkie (I should say brunch actually!) after a big night out. Depending on what time of day you go, it's really more of a takeaway joint. There's only a handful of seating inside and a couple of tables/chairs outside. The coffee was, well, very very ordinary and my chicken sandwich was not that impressive either - very small for the price you pay. I didn't have any but the pastries looked great and I will definitely give it another shot next time purely on those grounds.Make sure you check it out and try one of their pastries if you happen to be staying in Caesars.
5	My sister and I grabbed breakfast at the cafe. We ordered lattes, a quiche [to split] and a banana crepe [to split]. The wait wasn't too long. Both food items were SO GOOD. I wish we had more time to try it out again! The lattes were definitely overpriced for the quality. Other than that - definite recommendation.
5	This is definitely one of my newest faves for sweets in Vegas! Lovely selection of cakes, gelatos, sandwiches, pastries, and chocolates! They also have their own candles which all smelled so yummy!! We got an assortment of cakes for my friend's birthday (opera, chocolate decadence, tiramisu, strawberry Napoleon, chocolate caramel) and all were lovely :). The staff also gave me candles for free! Their gelato is great too, and for $7 you get an extremely generous serving on a large waffle cone- I would estimate about 2/3 of a pints worth of ice cream, probably a bit more! Still a bit pricey but totally worth it if you are an ice cream lover like me :). I brought home cloudless chocolate cookies and palmiers for the roommate and my SO, and even though they aren't sweets people, they said it was really good too! Next time, I may indulge and buy one of those heavenly smelling candles!
3	The rolls with the garlic in them were awesome. My friend enjoyed their burgers and I enjoyed the omelette. Not the most memorable meal, but we were super hungry and there wasn't a wait, so we went for it. It made us less hungry.
3	Review for takeaway only. Place has changed a bit - used to have more pastry in the morning from what I recall on previous trips here. Coffee was meh on this occasion- almond croissant almost made up for the crap coffee
4	Great iced coffee.  I got one every morning.  Pastries, ice cream, and macaroons look to die for.  Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to try any of those.
4	Definetly a place to stop to get ur sweet tooth fix. I stopped in for coffee really quick and didnt try the pastries but it all looked delicious.  The workers were helpful and attentive about whats going on in caesars and around las vegas when asked and all of them seemed happy and engaged at 730 am. A little pricey but worth it for a good cup of coffee and a good talk.
3	I usually go here in the morning if I have time before my internship. The food is usually pretty good, but sometimes the service is less than great. I like that I can get something simple like a croissant or something more substantial. Of course, it being on the strip inside a hotel, it is a bit pricey for what you get, but I already knew to expect that. A croissant is $4, but it is good. There is not much seating, and the seating they do have is outside of the actual patisserie/bistro. I never find this to be a problem because I take my food to go. However, the few times I have stayed to eat, I didn't have a problem finding a seat.
4	There are some days, when I just refuse to waste precious calories on anything that is not a beautiful dessert - I'm not ashamed to say, I spent my trek through the desert in anticipation of the promised land's Payard sweets!One of my favorite parts of the Vegas pilgrimage (and life in general) is the promise of yummy food and unique places to eat. Over the past year - I've tried a better part of all their pastries, and Payard's desserts have yet to disappoint me.If you have enough self-control to try only one of there beauties, - the Strawberry Napoleon is a crisp, creamy and light slice of marvelous. George V for chocoholics & true fatties.
4	We were here for a conference last week and Payards quickly became a staple morning visit. A large iced Americano for like 5 days straight. I believe it was the owner that was working here and she was French, which adds a charm of authenticity to it's location. I wish I was able to sit and try a few more of their pastries, but I was fortunate enough to try their cuban sandwich and their strawberry pastry (I can't remember which one it was, but it was a long puff pastry with cream and strawberries in it). I was so full after their cuban sandwich that I only wanted 1/4 of the pastry to taste, but it was so good that I ended up finishing my half! Nice place to stop by, but still a little pricey compared to non-strip places. They charge an extra $1 for add-ons, versus the $0.50 at Espresso on the other end of the Forum Shops. Also make sure to try the chocolate from their truffle machine. Bah, I need one of these in my room.
4	Inside Caesar's Palace this little French Patisserie is great for coffee with a pastry, macaroon, or crepe. Although the pastries are very tasty (such as almond croissant) the seating arrangement is problematic. You cannot fit anything other than couple of drinks to the tiny tables. If you got a plate, I meant a plastic to go box, than you better take it to your room. In short, food is delicious, but better stick to coffee & croissant if you want sit there. There is also a restaurant seating section to order food, but I did not try it.
4	Located inside Caesars, this place was a little challenging to find. Payard is known for their gourmet chocolates but I was curious about their baked goods. Come prepared to wait and seating is very limited. The Almond Croissant (only $4) was amazing and worth the wait. The Iced Caramel Macchiato wasn't worth the $6 and disappointing, and the chocolate croissant was ok. Next time I'm sticking to the chocolates and almond croissant. I spent $31 on 2 iced macchiato, a parfait, and 2 croissants. Breakfast fail.  I give this place four stars only for their chocolates and the almond croissant.
3	Have to say I'm slightly disappointed. The Nutella crepe was just ok, too much sugar. The brioche was good. The almond croissant was ok. Overall, I actually much prefer bakeries I've had in Santa Barbara. A disappointment, and not worth it's own trek down the strip to get here.
5	This place was absolutely delicious in Vegas, especially, given the limited cheaper options for breakfast. My hubby and I tried a panini, two strawberry fruit tarts and thier coffee. I can't say ENOUGH though about the strawberry fruit tart which was PILED HIGH with perfectly ripe strawberries and a not too sweet custard and nice and flakey crust. The chocolates here are delcious as well, only we didn't get a chance to try the free chcolates that come out of the clock since for some reason, no one could figure out the timing.
4	The decor was cute and the emphasis and the macaroons was niceThe mint gelato had a wonderful minty flavor and the gelato hit a wonderful place between gelato and ice cream. The waffle cone was good. Nice crunch and flavor.The macaroons are delightful, delicate ad full of flavor. I'm glad I packed some to take home
4	Restaurant Week!Tried a little bit of everything here...great menu offering at a steal of a price!To start, Wild Hibiscus Mimosa. One came with the Restaurant Week menu...good!  They have many other flavors...I just wanted to try something different.First course was Escargot! Great rendition, flavorful and tender. I scooped up every bit of the leftovers with the bread afterwards! Yum...good to the last bite.Entree was the Black Angus Burger ($18): Peppercorn Sauce, Kettle Chips, and Mixed Green Salad. Burger was very juicy and flavorful, but the peppercorn sauce was pretty tame. I thought the veggies were a little distracting as well, but good burger overall.  For dessert, I had one of 12 choices....and I chose the RIGHT one!!  The Louvre ($8): Chocolate Mousse and Hazelnut Mousse with a Hazelnut Dacquoise. This was AMAZING. I haven't had a dessert that has blown my mind for a little while...I seriously was smiling with each bite! I will be back to grab this to go!  If you love hazelnut anything, you owe it to yourself to drive to Payard JUST for this...it seriously is THAT good!Setting is casual cafe...wait staff was very fast and efficient, not so much friendly or smoozing...which I didn't need anyways.  Quick with the refills and the check...great lunch!I will be back for that damn Louvre!Pics :
4	I am in Las Vegas for work and I love this little restaurant!  Their French toast with berries or the other French toast with bananas and nutella.  OH and the lobster egg benedict on croissants is delicious!  This place is a must go for breakfast, forgot to mention the bacon is nice and crispy.
5	Impeccable!I LOVE this Restaurant & French Bakery!Located in Caesar's Palace, I had breakfast here 5 out of 7 days. Service is impecable - Thank You ASH!!! You are such a perfect to this company! There were two Chefs, Both excellent. The Bacon Eggs (any style) and roasted potatoes are prepared to order and perfection - why go anywhere else!?For a late Breakfast/Lunch on one of the days I was there I tried the Ham & Cheese Quiche. It was delicious and baked to perfection! My mother would have LOVED this venue. I just cannot ask for anything better: Impeccable food (and delicious Coffee and Fresh Orange Juice); Friendly, efficient and intuitive service, and completely reasonable pricing!I go to Las Vegas every year and no matter if I stay at Caesar's or not - I will seek out Payard's!
4	The croissants are as good as you will find in Paris.  Heck, this place is half the reason I stay at Caesar's.  The coffee ironically isn't so good and we had one expresso-based beverage (a latte) that was downright bad (lukewarm).But, oh la la, to the croissants.
3	Patisserie: Great place for pastries. Terrible place for crepes. We got a savory turkey crepe and it was so bland. The sauce tasted like canned alfredo. The croissant was super flaky and saved the day.After reading Anthony N.'s review, I just avoided the macaroons altogether. Oh well.
3	Had the egg sandwich for breakfast. Okay. Convenient place for a quick bite.
4	Great place to have a cup of coffee or tea! They have small tables on the side so you can sit back, relax and enjoy your little snacks and tea. I had the white chocolate latte and wow, it was really really good. I keep ordering white chocolate latte's now wherever I go and I haven't been able to find one as good as this one was. It was the perfect amount of sweetness and tasted creamy and just plain yumness. My parents had the tea's, according to them they were fine....but than again its black tea :) We also had the juice mix which was pretty good, just beware that the small is like super duper huge. We had a croissant as well and it was very good. Ambiance is cute, white chocolate latte is good and croissants are good!! I will definitely be coming back here when I visit Vegas again!
3	I saw Wolfgang Puck recommend these macrons on the Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate. This place is tiny and easily missed. We walked all over Caesars Palace to find it. We even asked a few staff people and they weren't able to direct us. Right when we were about to give up we found it. Honestly, I don't think I could find it again if I tried!The macrons were good. I'm not a big fan because they taste very artificial. I enjoyed the chocolate and coffee flavored macrons the best because the flavors were more authentic. I also had a veggie sandwich and an iced coffee. They were good as well. Their menu is very limited. Would I return? Probably for my hubby who loved the macrons but not for myself.
5	I love this place. Had brunch here our first morning in Vegas, an it was so good that we came back the next day.Both times we had the Eggs Benedict on Croissant. We substituted regular bacon for the ham, and it was awesome. The hollidaise sauce was some of the best I've had. Just the right amount of savory and sour.The waiter we had, Afshin, was great. He was attentive, but not intrusive, and made sure everything was great before he left the table.I'll be back.
2	Service was good but the food was mediocre at best. I got the lamb shank, which was slightly less tender than I would've liked and lacked flavor and my wife got the steak frites, which was chewy and hard to cut. Not the kind of food quality I would expect from a highly rated restaurant at Caesars.
3	The food was delicious and the steaks cooked to order. The main problem was service. Our waiter was "absolutely" useless. He rushed us from the beginning and kept forgetting things. Every time we needed something he would reply "absolutely". Then disappear. Our steaks arrived one with butter and garlic on top and one plain. The waiter gave the wrong steaks to each of us. I called the waiter back to make sure we had been given the correct food. The one with the butter should have been given to the other lady at our table. This would not normally  be a big deal but I have a garlic allergy that I had made very clear. He insisted that he had given us the correct steaks and that the butter had simply melted on the other steak!!! I asked that he double check with the chef. He came back and switched the plates and never even apologized!
3	Mixed review.  Sat in the actual restaurant area rather than going through the express line. Had the lobster benedict and it was very good with piles of delicious lobster and a wonderful Hollandaise over crusty toasted bread rather than an English Muffin. The baked goods and pastries are great. So is the gelato.  ....But my cappuccino was soooo bad! Bitter and flavorless with fine grind at the bottom. A French patisserie should have good espresso. This was a Monday morning and not even busy. I review a lot of coffee places and maybe I'm being picky. Certainly if you do flavored drinks it may be fine.
4	If this place was in San Diego, I would give it five stars... Because it tortures me by being all the way in Las Vegas, it gets four stars.  That's what you get for being so far away Payard.  This small breakfast spot in Ceasar's Palace is really, really good.  If I had an option like this in San Diego, I would have breakfast here at least once a week.I had the lobster eggs benedict and it was excellent.  We also asked for a selection of breads and the croissant (of which I am more and more a fan of) was pretty much perfect.  Coffee is an automatic at any breakfast spot, but it's quality is a sneaky huge part of any breakfast spot's allure.  Here, it is really, really good.When in Vegas, have breakfast at Payard, thank me later.
4	There are two sections of Payards - there's a quick fast food side that's decked out in fancy chocolate covered artsy interior design that's eye catching from the casino.  Then if you walk a little further in, there's a cute little restaurant area with hair back booths and a circular kitchen right in the middle where the chefs prepare your food.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table - group of 8 girls in a small restaurant during brunch time - it's bound to happen.  We planned on going to the Caesar's buffet in a few short hours so our intention here was a light breakfast so we save the valuable real estate for later.  Well - that didn't happen.  Not even close... before I could even stop myself I ended up ordering their fish of the day - Sea bass. And I am so glad that I did!  It was delicious - seared perfectly on the outside so it's crispy and flavorful while the fish meat was juicy and moist.  Even the bed of ratatouille and sauce pair perfectly with the fish.  Having nibbles here and there of other plates, there wasn't one that I didn't find absolutely delicious in it's own way.  Highlights include their parfait (I'm not a huge parfait fan, besides the mcdonalds variety, and this one had just a hint of orange juice in the yogurt that bumped it up to a whole new level!) and  lobster benedict croissant.   The service was mediocre - they were short staffed that day and I believe I saw the waiter roll his eyes when one of the girls only ordered a fruit cup.  Even so, I'd definitely come back to this place for the food - delicious!
5	Despite being in the company of an Egyption and Palestinian, the breakfast at Payard delivered a delicious experience. The pork as my friend exclaimed brought a joyous expression on his face, I think he almost cried. I had egg benedict, at least compared to the benedicts I've had at Dallas and NYC, this was the best. Highly recommend.
5	I happened upon this wonderful little gem while in Las Vegas for a trade show.  The food delicious and wait staff excellent.  If you love French cuisine, breakfast foods, eggs then you need to try this restaurant.  I did almost cry when I tried the ham -- I've always loved ham but never knew it could taste so good -- a delicious explosion of taste the second it hit my mouth.  Yes -- I am only talking about ham and nothing more graphic -- get your mind out of the gutter.
4	Received a bag of assorted macarons as gift and didn't expect too much since the wrapping isn't cute at all lol silly I know...Anyway, when I opened it, I was even more disappointed because one of them was cracked already and THERE WERE TWO OF THE SAME FLAVOR!!! Ughhh that really bugged me because assorted means different doesn't it?!? Well, they turned out surprisingly yummy...lol bad first impression but each macaron was made perfectly and only the coffee flavor was too sweet. All the other flavors I got had the right sweetness, flavors, and texture. So I was still very happy overall!
4	Best almond croissant I've ever had!! It was so flaky buttery and perfect! I used to think the croissants at the Wynn bakery were good but these are way better! Can't say much about the other food since I usually come here to grab a croissant and coffee, perfect breakfast on the go
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I make a point to stop. Their coffee, pastries and chocolates are wonderful and definitely worth standing in line. I've always wanted to try one of their crepes, next trip for sure! Prices are a bit steep, but well worth the splurge.
3	Line at Bacchanal Buffet was crazy long so I got out of line while my family continued waiting and made my way over here. Cute place with tables and chairs around to sit in case you get tired of standing the the buffet line. Also, they pre-packaged goodies in case you're not down for their desserts in the case. They have a lot of good looking desserts (eclairs, macarons, tarts..) for a price, but I avoided those as I was probably going to stuff my face with desserts at the buffet. So... I ended up getting a single scoop of ice cream which cost $7. :T Needless to say, I tried to enjoy that ice cream as much as I can. The lady helping me was nice, but the transaction ended fast so again, not much to really say. At least she smiled!
2	Food is delicious. However the service is terrible. We had a reservation. When we arrived, tables were available but we weren't seated for 10 minutes. It was another 20 minutes before anyone came to our table. Water was not provided until our food came. We never received a bread basket. Same story when waiting for the bill. We were completely ignored. It would have been better just to have ordered from the to-go window.
5	When you wake up in Vegas, all you want is a strong coffee and a killer buffet that eases you back to reality. However, when you want a real breakfast that doesn't include chafing dishes or thirteen ways to cook an egg, you come to Caesars. Maybe after a few successful (or not) rounds at the craps table or a few pulls at those fancy (and loud!) slot machines, travel your way to Payard. Once there, you'll order the coffee. It's La Colombe! Strong, delicious, and a taste of Philadelphia. (Quick tip: They constantly fill your cup with coffee. You never see the bottom of the cup during your meal!). Then, you order the lobster eggs benedict. No need to even see the menu. Just trust me, and order it.It's decadent with luscious chunks of lobster, a perfectly poached egg, melt-in-your-mouth goodness of a slightly tangy hollandaise sauce over a flaky and crusty croissant.  It's delicious and very filling. $21, and so worth it.Over at the bake shop, order the louvre! It's a beautiful work of art and a chocolate lover's dream. It's a small cake filled with chocolate and hazelnut mousse covered in more chocolate. Once you're done, head over to the unique chocolate clock that hands out truffles every 15 minutes! You're a winner every time.
5	I came here for breakfast with my fiance and we both love this place!!! I have the nuttella crepe and fruit.  I will come back to this place again when I visit Las Vegas :-)
5	Lobster Benedict on freshly baked croissant!  BEST BREAKFAST EVER!!!
4	Had the George V, OMG so good! Also had a pumpkin spice/ cranberry cookie it too was awesome, can't wait to go back and try other creations!
4	My goodness. Payard makes it worth walking close to 1 mile on that crowded Vegas street just to satisfy my sugar cravings. What can I say.. I was in need of a quick caffeine fix to prepare myself for a long night of nonstop music and dancing. I had 2 hours to kill, so I walked my lazy ass over to Caesars Palace - 1 mile isn't a killer, but try do that on uneven pavement and in heels. Anyways, back to the patisserie. Great americano and I am in love with their Tarte aux Fraises. The crust is crunchy and nutty and buttery and perfect. You can taste and see the vanilla in the custard. Also, there is a hint of rum in it - just the right amount. They were also generous with the amount of strawberries they placed on the tarte. Overall a very satisfying purchase. Will definitely be back for more next time!
5	My husband and I ate here three times while celebrating our Babymoon in Vegas. We were staying at the Caesar's Palace and this bakery was located dangerously close to our room. This place is great, but it can be confusing to order from. During our most recent venture here, we got confused while standing in line and ended up having a bunch of people cut in front of us while trying to order some bakery items. When we complained to the manager, she personally helped us by getting the two pastry items we requested. When we got rung up at the cash register, they were generous enough to only charge us for one pastry item-even though we pointed out that we were getting two and a chocolate covered rice Krispy treat.We were initially upset about the people cutting in front of us, but this place more than made up for it by being so excellent with its customer service, which is something my husband and I both appreciated. Thanks Payard bakery for putting customer service first.
3	We had two breakfasts and one lunch at Payard over the course of three days. I know, we really liked it. And we might have had a fourth day had the food quality and service been more consistent.First, the service. In the three times we were there, it felt like the waitresses and managers were trying to hustle us in and out. Yes, I know you're busy. And yes, I know this isn't a two hour affair type place. But simple courtesy and good manners should always come first. No speaking sternly to the customers when they're just trying to order or understand something on the menu. Not pleasant at all.Next, the food. For breakfast we tried the classic eggs benedict (twice!), lobster eggs benedict, and chocolate french toast. For the benedicts, the hollandaise sauce that came with the classic was tangy and flavorful, but the sauce that came with the lobster was bland. The benedicts are served on a croissant which was a nice change from your standard dish. For lunch we tried the cuban sandwich and crepe madame... the cuban sandwich was hands on the winner.All in all, Payard has potential. If they can improve the service and be more consistent with their hollandaise sauce, I might not be able to pry my husband away for another other restaurant.
1	Let's be honest. It doesn't matter what I put because you'll still probably go here due to the aggregate score being very high and well regarded as well as people assuming my experience was an anomaly. Nonetheless,  here's my experience. I searched for a nice brunch spot on yelp and made my reservation at 9:50am for a 10:45 spot that was available via OpenTable. We got to the restaurant at 10:30 and checked in knowing that we were early and we would probably wait.  We were asked to sit and we patiently waited less than five feet from the two ladies that checked us in. (One was Filipino and the other seemed to be French) After we checked in a group of four came in asking for a table saying they had a reservation but both the Filipino and French lady said there was no reservation.  After some hub bub and complaints about not having a reservation, they were promptly seated. We didn't think it was a big deal they sat before us because we'd be upset too if they lost our reservation a d we didn't know if their misplaced reservation was before or after ours. Besides, we were early so it was fine. Afterwards a string of parties came, both larger and the same size as us with no reservations, and we're seated almost immediately. We felt that was strange and I walked up the two steps away I was to the Filipino lady and waited in front of her to be acknowledged so I could ask how much longer we would have to wait since it was now 10 mins past our reservation. When the Filipino lady looked up from what she was writing, she looked right at me, then looked beyond me to the line that was forming and stated she would help who was next. I was surprised that she looked right past me and the guy behind me came up next to me and said he would like a table for five. A bit pissed, I loudly said "Excuse me. I'm standing right in front of you. I just had a quick question. Can you just tell me how much longer we have to wait?" She then asked me my name again,  when my reservation was and what time I checked in. She couldn't find the time I checked in nor remembered me checking in even though I was five feet from her the whole time. She then called the French lady who looked at me and asked me what time my reservation was, what time I checked in,  etc. She also didn't remember me. She also intimated that I had never checked in and I walked in now. "I've been standing right here for over twenty minutes now, it's past my reservation time,  and you let three other parties with no reservations seat before us. I just want to know how much longer we would have to wait."They kept looking at the pad and not making eye contact with me and asking what time I checked in,  trying to figure out if they had made a mistake or if I was lying. At that point I was fed up so we left. The Filipino lady was totally clueless and I was getting tired and offended trying to prove myself to the cold French lady. That was experience. Hope yours is better than mine.
5	This place is beyond amazing!- if you are looking for a good breakfast this is the place to go In Vegas! Lobster Egg Benedict was very delicious. For a little dessert we ordered the Almond croissant. It is so buttery and delicious. I made a reservation via yelp and thank goodness I did this place is always packed and the usually wait time can be anywhere from 45min to 1hr. We had reservations both times and we still had to wait. Well worth it...
5	Breakfast and lunch until 2:30p, amazing french toast with fresh berries! Prices are more than reasonable for the area considering the quality of the food and service.The restaurant is small so call ahead!
3	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Chocolate Decadence - This surely was decadent, but after a while it just tasted so one dimensional.  It's great to taste, but not to consume as a whole.  It started off as bitter then rounded out at the end.  Great mouth feel.Louvre - While I LOVE hazelnut, I wish there was more of a pronounced hazelnut flavor.  What attracted me most was how the description stated that there is a hazelnut wafer inside.  Unfortunately the wafer absorbs the moisture from the mousse and because soggy, to the point where it is difficult to distinguish between mousse and wafer.  While indulging, I was searching for that crunch factor.Chocolate Macaron - Texturally all the macarons were consistent and delicate.  As for this, the chocolate was very subtle.  Not too sweet nor too bitter.. somewhere in between, which I think most people would enjoy.Pistachio Macaron - True pistachio flavor.  Loved it.Passion Fruit Macaron - MY FAVE! However I would have preferred the ganache to be made with white chocolate vs. dark.  Passion fruit pairs amazingly well with white over dark.Raspberry Macaron - I was unsure about this one because it had an almost rose-y aroma in the back of my throat as I chewed it.  Certainly my least favorite of the bunch.Vanilla - True vanilla bean flavor.  Wonderful.  Mint Gelato - Minty of course, but definitely not overwhelming.  Texturally, this wasn't a rich gelato.  It was actually icy in texture, which I find quite odd.  Dulce de Leche Gelato - SO DISAPPOINTED.  The gelato itself was a standard base flavor, but even the dulce de leche swirled throughout didn't have that nice, rich, caramel flavor.  OVERALL:  Awesome place for locals and tourists. Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
5	Well, the rest of my party probably won't agree with me but I had a great breakfast here...and its MY yelp. So I had the broccoli tomato quiche with salad and an orange juice with macarons togo. The quiche was the best! The Eggs were fluffy and light and the crust was very flaky and fresh. I still have cravings for it. I've been searching for a good quiche since then, but I can't find any that compare. The orange juice tasted like it had added sugar, but I didn't mind. That's how I drank it as a kid, and it tasted great. The macarons were pretty good, although you could find similar ones in other places. Service was good and we were seated right away without a wait. The wait for our food was a little long because there was only one cook at the station, and the total bill came out to be kind of high for a breakfast for 4 people...minus 1/2 star. And then round up.
4	If you would like a decadent breakfast but don't want to wait in the line for the buffet, you won't go wrong coming here.  We split a quiche and apple crepe and a chocolate croissant and they were all delicious.  The staff could have been a little more attentive as I had to return  to the counter for the water I had asked for with my order and to fetch some silverware which was out. If this were a local cafe, I would probably find myself here on occasion getting breakfast.
4	Reasonable prices for anything in Caesar's.The best thing here is the pastries. I had the best Almond Croissant I've ever eaten. Sandwiches are good even though they are microwaved.
5	Woke up early morning and decided to wander a little before the bf woke up.  Passed by this place and saw orange juice so I got in line.  I ended up buying orange juice and coconut macaroons.  The macaroons were really tasty...I can't say it was a good combo with orange juice but I was really thankful that I bought a bag of those.  I was munching on those all morning.
4	The wait times were forever, but the crepes and eggs benedict were so delicious. I feel like it looks better then it is, but we did have an enjoyable meal. I don't know if I'd wait 40 minutes again....It serves a late breakfast when other places didn't. It seemingly has an adorable candy shop, but up close, the sweets are sub par in quality. Good server at the restaurant and adorable crepe chef display!
3	OverratedI wanted a sandwich and when I asked about it, they said that they are already made, so no changes can be made. Instead, I ordered a chocolate strawberry crepe. The crepe was good! It was chocolate with cream and fresh strawberries. Oh yea-- and don't forget my $5 Aquafina
3	Date & Time:  Thursday January 28, 2014 @ 10amLocation:  Caesars PalaceDining Companions:  The HusbandScene:  Conventioneers & Ladies in Fur Vests, Hudson Jeans, Knee-High BootsDecor:  Posh & Intimate.  Luxe Banquettes + Dessert BarService:  EfficientMediocre:  Continental Breakfast & Eggs Benedict on CroissantTotal:  $42
4	This dinner was free and the rest is really nice with very friendly service. The only drawback I would said is that the kitchen is in the center if the dinning room.  I feel that the food is very well prepared just need a bit more salt, but for $48 bucks per head if I had to pay, this is an unbeatable deal for Vegas.  I had crepe doe desert, yes...it's part of the meal.  The crepe is very good better most I have ever tried. The fruit is not exactly the best but will do for now
5	A nice (semi) hidden gem in Caesar's Palace!My friend and I shared the Steak Frites, substituting the fries with the potato gratin. SO DELISH! My friend and I exchanged glances after the first bite and connected telepathically on how savory the steak was. If you get the chance, also order their Mac and Cheese... best that I've had so far!
5	I feel like Payard is one of the last decent breakfast spots on the strip that won't cost you an arm and a leg. You may have to wait in a fairly long line, but the quality of the pastries and food is well worth it. Additionally, there is plenty of seating right outside the cafe around a beautiful Caesar's fountain. You can laugh as everyone else stands in line for the buffet across the way.I'm local, and I drive out of my way to get a latte here. It's my favorite latte in town. The coffee has the slightest hint of chocolate notes to it, and you can get it with soy!Not to mention it's a beautiful little spot to hang out while you are waiting. I always enjoy looking at the Wonka-esque machinery and watching Payard's videos.
5	It was a really nice place to stop in for a bite (Literally), The reason I paid them a visit was for one thing: Macarons. I saw an entire Pyramid made of Macarons on my way in (Macarons are made from Meringue and made with Almonds, they are said to be the toughest Pastry to Master). I ordered a Bag filled with 6 of their Best selling flavors: 1. Vanilla Bean, 2. Pistachio, 3. Raspberry (it was actually my Least Favorite), 4. Passionfruit, 5. Chocolate, but I first dove into the one that Wolfgang Puck (The Original Celebrity Chef) recommended on The Best Thing I Ever Ate episode (Nutty) The Coffee Macaron. He was right it was Nutty and it really does melt in your mouth (They are very filling too). Francois Payard makes a mean Macaron pretty worth paying almost $11 for, I'll be sure on my Next trip to Vegas to stop in to snack on some more plus some Mouthwatering Desserts, Decadent Chocolates and maybe a Sandwich. I'm so Excited !!!
4	Beware! The restaurant is actually around the corner from the walk up counter. We didn't know that and since there were made to order creeps at the counter we just assumed we were in the right place. We weren't. After having a good breaky here we found the REAL restaurant around the corner :( Would have much rather eaten there as their excellent menu is much larger in the sit down restaurant.
4	On a girls trip, one of our friends researched and came across this place. We were able to make reservations and it wasn't that busy when we got there. I ordered a mimosa with a red currant syrup to add in. They bring fresh, hot bread to your table with BUTTER and jam. Needless to say, it was like a tornado went through with that. Who eats that for breakfast? I know we all want to, but man, was that yummy!My one friend and I opted to share an omelet and the berry brioche French toast. It was the perfect way to go, a little bit of sweet and a little bit of savory!  I would stop back here again. I loved the atmosphere and the ability to people watch since we were seated next to the window, even if the restaurant is inside the hotel, it was still nice.
3	Had lunch one day at the patisserie and it was ok. The ham and brie sandwich was good but not mind blowing, and I think it didn't sit well with me. Was a bit annoyed by the baseball game price of $5 for a small bottled water too. I tried a chocolate croissant later in the afternoon and it was average.Went the next morning to the bistro for breakfast and got the brioche french toast with bananas and nutella. I sat at the bar and watched the chefs do their thing, in a tiny space, which was fun. The french toast was crispy and soft at the same time and a good portion. Again for $18, a little high but this is a hotel restaurant in Las Vegas...My recommendation is the Bistro if you have a choice between the two.
5	Awesome!!we come here every time we visit Vegas! It's like your dining in a fairy tail! The food is outstanding and all prepared in front of you
4	One of the best places for breakfast on the strip! We ate on the restaurant side, which is tiny and intimate. It's not an inexpensive breakfast, but it's worth it as a treat. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. I had the extremely delicious lobster Benedict, which was served on a very fresh and very flaky croissant. Seriously, yum. Their frothy cappuccino puts Starbucks to shame :) I coupled that with a passion fruit mimosa and my day was off to a most excellent start. On your next trip the Vegas, skip the casino buffet one morning, and indulge yourself at Payard.
4	I like this place for breakfast. It is always quick and easy. I had the broccoli tomato quiche. It was very good. On the last vegas trip we ate here and had  Classic Monsieur  it was also good. Service is good.
2	Its very sad when the food is good, but the wait staff are less then kind.  My waiter didn't take the time to say anything except, can I take your order? Then while my 7 yr old son was contemplating  what he wanted to drink, waiter just walked away, I guess 10 seconds is to long for him to wait for a decision. Then he returns and says "are you ready to order now? Very Rude.
5	Such a lovely restaurant! The food is very gourmet, not heavy or greasy and the freshly squeezed orange juice is a MUST. Highly recommended.
4	Great Macaron!!! I love the pistachio, vanilla and strawberry!!! $7 for 3. They also have a self-starter kit which teaches you to make your own... but I wouldn't bet on it. Macarons are sooo hard to make! Chocolate was great too! I highly recommend getting the coffee one! It's had a soft, molten core oozing out toffee as soon as you bite through the chocolate shell! Crepes are great too! How could anyone hate crepes?
4	I ate lunch at the actual restaurant. I got a croque monsieur (first time trying it), a coffee, and an almond croissant. I was dying to try the almond croissant because of the reviews I had read. I love croissants in general. Coffee was good, standard. Almond croissant was good. They had a thin crust or shell around it that gave it a nice outer crisp. Inside it had a filling, though filling not almond flavored. I think that having a little almond flavor would have enhanced the filling. Sliced almonds on outside of croissant. I bet if it was warmly fresh, would have been great. Croque monsieur was quite delicious. I was impressed. Toast or bread delicately crisped to perfection, outer cheese topping a little creamy and tasty. Ham was a bit cold though inside. I feel it should have been warmed like the rest of the croque. The cook probably thought the rest of the toast would have warmed ham. Everything else about that croque was fantastic. Accompanying salad, some mixed greens, was perfectly seasoned. The croque was $16 with salad, but if you go to the casual eatery outside/next door that has the coffee bar and bakery, $11 without salad. The restaurant has an elegant ambience, white sofa seats, modern decor. Probably wasn't the best place to bring my little baby, as it was a more quiet, subdued environment inside, but worked out okay. Overall, food I got was good, service good.
5	I am always impressed with Payard Patisserie in Las Vegas. The service is top notch and the pastries are amazing. I also recently ordered a cake for Memorial day and asked that the chef make whatever he wants yet keep it light.. The cake was unbelievably good! Along with being light and delicious, it was GORGEOUS!!! The cake was huge and well worth the higher price tag! To compare, Payard Patisserie is way better than both Jean Phillipe Patisserie shops in town....It is at the top of the food chain in terms of great pastry restaurants! I will be going back many times!
3	this review is for their to-go counter. i wish they had 2 cashier locations. it's quite a cluster fuck when everyone is trying to check out at one cashier location: people waiting in the line for pastries/sandwiches/gelato and more people wanting to just buy cookies/chocolate boxes. 2 things to get: -chocolate covered rice krispies (perfect combo of crispy from the rice kris pies, chewy and sweet from the marshmallows, and bitter from the dark chocolate. now only if they added some fleur de sel to balance all the flavors! Payard and I should collaborate)-almond chocolate croissant (sliced almonds on the outside with an almondy paste topping, filled with dark chocolate on the inside. i wish they could toast the croissant a bit)there's also a small cafe in case you'd like to sit down for a hot breakfast. there's also small tables outside the shop to enjoy your pastry and gelato!i do feel that jean-phillipe patisserie in Aria has a more enticing sweets selection (pistachio, strawberry, chocolate rice krispy balls!)
5	Came here for a table of two for breakfast on Saturday 05/10/2014 and waited only 15 - 20 minutes, it was about 10 - 10:30 or so. The dining room is intimate and small, I think their maximum occupancy sign stated somewhere between 40 - 50 people. The kitchen is set up in the center of the restaurant and the dining area sort of wraps around, a circular restaurant setting if you will. Looking in to the right are sofas up against the wall - we didn't get an opportunity to sit on that side and instead sat at the same table two days in a row. We ended up on the left where the window facing some of the shops were.Lobster Eggs Benedict on Croissant - I ordered mom the Lobster Eggs Benedict on Croissant. It comes with generous chunks of lobster atop a buttery croissant split in half with two poached eggs slathered in hollandaise sauce. I had a bite and the first thing I noticed was how crispy the exterior of the croissant was, but not dry. The butter aroma was so fresh! I mean, I have never tasted a true butter croissant until that day. It was the perfect balance of slight sweetness, crispy but yet flaky crust, and moist but not soggy inside. The eggs of course were perfectly poached, whites were not runny and yolk was not overcooked. And the hollandaise! I haven't had really good hollandaise but this was not too overwhelming and complemented the dish very well. Especially with the chunks of fresh and succulent lobster which was cooked to just done and not rubbery.Steel Cut Oats and Sauteed Berries - I ordered oatmeal. I know it sounds boring, but after trying it with their sauteed berries, I was a super happy girl. The steel cut oats were cooked to a creamy consistency with the perfect bite. The portion was generous as you can see. The sauteed berries were a mixture of raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries. I'm sure sugar was added and the berries were quickly sauteed to release the juices but maintain a slight bite and not turn into a pile of mush.Steel Cut Oats and Caramelized Apples - The second time around I ordered the oatmeal with caramelized apples. The waitress then asked me if I had tried their sauteed berries... So when I did try the apples, I asked for the berries again! The apples were good, but I just like mine a little bit more tender and this didn't come out warm like the berries did.Cappuccino and Coffee -  I think Payard by far had the best cappuccino of all the restaurants we dined at in Vegas this year. The aroma was dark and bold, but not bitter or acidic. It had the light smoky flavor characteristic of a lot of french-style roasts. The milk was not overly foamed here, yielding a creamy consistency. I find some places over-foam their milk and the cappuccino ends up being dry. Coffee was good as well - nice dark french roast, low acid/bitterness, not sour.Service - service was excellent and they had no problem bringing me an extra side of berries for my oatmeal when I had already ordered the apples. They also offered me a cup of coffee to-go when we got the check.Bakery/Chocolate Shop - I browsed through their chocolate assortment and decided to buy this container of chocolate covered nougat. So I was a little taken by surprise when I bit into one. I thought it would be a soft nougat center, like the nougat I got from Jean Philippe. But it was crunchy with small pieces of nuts ground into it. It was still good mind you. The green ones were white chocolate and the brown ones were dark chocolate. This was a satisfying crunch of sweetness and I may be buying more of these types of chocolates as I find them. It's probably less unhealthy to get the crunch from an actual nut (like chocolate covered almonds), but that sugar rush from the crunchy sugar is just so much more fun.Location - You can find Payard Patisserie and Bistro inside Caesar's Palace. From the front lobby entrance, go towards the casino and go straight to the back. It is diagonally across from the buffet and directly across from Rao's. The bakery is obvious the but the restaurant is a little hidden - facing the bakery, go to your left and it's right next door. I recommend reservations as the restaurant is small.AMAZING food and experience. May have to dine here every single day for breakfast on subsequent Vegas trips.
3	Looking for a breakfast meal that isn't fast food or $20 a plate can be a challenge when staying on the strip in Vegas.Two days we found ourselves grabbing a bite here to go. The first day we had coffee with  a muffin and a pastry. I had a blueberry muffin which I found on the dry side. One companion agreed that the muffin was dry, the other felt it went well with the coffee. The cheese pastry tasted like any other cheese pastry. Nothing special except the $4+ price.The second meal here we had actual breakfast. I had the veggie crepe. While ordering, I was quickly reminded by the cashier that these items were premade and could not be customized in any way. Ok. No problem. I liked that there was a menu item with no meat, cheese or sauce. The crepe was made with a buckwheat crepe, which was also appreciated. I don't remember the name of the other crepe ordered, but it was creamy with chicken. I hear it was good, but the person who ordered this felt nauseous after the meal. I'm not saying it was due to the crepe, but it might have been. The last item was the croque monsieur. I didn't did dare take a bit because it looked gooey and cheesy. It was reportedly good, yummy with the cheese. Coffee went well with the meal.
4	Service is much better now, food is still awesome...
3	I stopped in while waiting for our turn to be called at Bacchanal. Let me tell you, the aromas wafting in and around this little shop is maddening-- rich bittersweet smells just filled your hungry senses. Now this place is pretty damn expensive. I paid $34 for a box of macarons and some assorted specialty chocolates.  Although the treats were delicious, definitely can't justify the exorbitant price tag.
1	We came over to this place to get some food before our buffet and expected to not have any trouble getting ice cream... WAY WRONG.  Note that we didn't actually go into the Bistro but the pastry shop open next door that served snacks.  The date of visit was Tuesday, June 24th around 5pm vegas time.The reason for this one star review is due to the lack of service, attitude and follow up from a restaurant/bakery located in a world class casino and not to mention the lack of care of a quality product of the general manager who just gave me excuse after excuse for reasons why the service was justified.As the lady started to scoop my ice cream, I asked for a waffle cone.  She acknowledged, but still proceeded to not give me a cone until the manager came in and I had to ask again but received rude facial expressions from both the manager and cashier.  It was as if I had put a steaming pile of cow manure under their nose....As we got up to the front to pay there was confusion and mass chaos as the cashiers were serving random people who walked up rather then serving the people like me who were in line.  They had no idea how to use the cash register let alone how to count money... this is vegas people what the heck is going on?!?!?!?!  The pistachio ice cream was sub-par at best, the buffett has better I do NOT recommend anyone to go to this place for a snack if they're waiting to get into the buffet, it's a waste of time and money and quite frankly it may kill any positive vibes you may have of a world class casino.
5	yummy gelato! so many many many flavors to choose from, and they rotate them once in awhile. Also have yummy fresh crepe. Everything is good, a bit on the pricier side, but totally worth it
5	This little Bistro is beyond all that is ever amazing WOW!! We had a chocolate and strawberry crepe and it was the best ever!! I can't imagine not giving this place five stars or more.  We will be back specifically for Payard. Oh WOW!!!!!!
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet!?  I first heard about this place from Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate."  Wolfgang Puck stated that the best macarons isn't found in Paris but at Payard Patisserie in Las Vegas.  What!?  After hearing such a statement, Mr. W. and I made it our mission to try their macarons and boy were we not disappointed.  Their coffee macarons are amazing!  I can pack those away like none other.  It's perfectly crisp on the outside, chewy on the inside, and never overbearingly sweet.  I hate it when people overload their desserts and pastries with sugar to compensate on lack of flavor.  It's never the case here.  Everything is delicious!  The raspberry lychee macarons and the pistachio are also amongst my favorite.  I haven't tried their savory dishes and dinner but some of my other favorite desserts are the opera gateau and the louvre.  You get what you pay for here and $30-something for a box of macarons is well worth every penny.  There's nothing I love more than receiving a box of macarons from Payard whenever Mr. W. heads to Vegas with his boys.   :)
5	I crave this place! I get the same thing Everytime! I love the lobster Benedict and the breakfast potatoes! The service is good. The prices are high but worth it. I go here when I feel like spoiling myself. The orange juice is fresh squeezed so to me it's perfect
3	Ice cream: 2/5. not going to lie, tasted like breyers.Ice cream sandwish, however, : 5/5: AMAZING. so delicious. and only $5?? the cookie part of the ice cream sandwich is this thin macaron sort of thing. Amazeballs.
4	When you have your very own book and a stand, that deserves the extra star ;)First thing that comes across the mind is elegance; a real date-worthy place.  Will be on my next to do list, that $8 won't deter me from trying that chocolate eclair!Just feels so french.
5	The strawberry tart here is to die for. It is the perfect size for one person and tastes very upscale. I love that it wasn't too sweet! I picked one up at about 6 PM to store in my hotel mini fridge as a snack to eat after a night of partying. This was the perfect bedtime snack if you ask me!(Oh by the way, I wrote this review right as I was enjoying the tart after a night of partying so I think I did a good job.)
5	I am only reviewing what they are most famous for: Almond Croissant.  Yes, it is the best Almond Croissant I've had and yes, I have had many award winning ones from all over America.  It sells out quickly so do NOT go in the evening.  This is all you got to know.
4	My hunnybunny and I dined here for weekend brunch during our stay-cation in April 2014 and we were not displeased.  After eyeing this eatery for months, we have finally gotten the chance to experience what Payard was all about.   We didn't take advantage of the to-go bakery, but opted for the dine-in experience.  It was a busy Saturday morning for Payard, but service was quick and efficient.  there were several parties ahead of us; the foyer was small and we found ourselves among casino traffic and noticed on-lookers stopping by to check the establishment out. ...Good marketing tactic...or poor design..?  That's for you to decide. ;)Once seated, we were promptly greeted and our drink orders were taken.  I started off with a grapefruit mimosa.  YUM. The restaurant was small compared to other in-house casino eateries, but I enjoyed my time pent there.  It was small and intimate and I felt like I wasn't in Vegas, the land of big and shiny things. I am a self-proclaimed French toast fan.  Can you guess what I ordered?  Yes, indeed.  Doughy and cakey, each bite of my beloved pain perdu was a taste of sweet, sweet indulgence.  My tummy was happy.  The service was prompt and unobtrusive, which I totally appreciated!  We haven't had the chance to try their famed almond croissant.  We will check that out on our next visit.  Stay tuned!
2	I have been in the food industry for 26 plus years, as an chef from Ireland, I have both been to France and cooked in France. This is by far some of the worst prepared french dishes I have EVER had. The brioche and I only call it that as that is what it was called on the menu looked and tasted nothing like brioche. The basket of warm  sliced baguette, which is lunch bread in France, was a strange item to receive for breakfast. The one positive for me was the busboy kept the coffee cups and water glasses full. Over all this was a restaurant experience I won't be able to get back.
5	I can only say that if Payard was in my neighborhood, I'd have to get a part-time job to afford how much I would spend there!Payard is not easy on the wallet, but if you can get past that, it is a treat to eat at, or pick something up to go.  My wife and I ate there for breakfast two days in a row, not counting stopping in for a snack (best ice cream sandwiches EVER...see below), and for cookies at their express place in the casino.The breakfast sandwiches are first class.  My favorite was the Salmon Croque Monsieur...delicately smooth, smoked salmon and cream cheese between luxuriously buttered pieces of bread.  Very rich, but very delicious.Another favorite mentioned in reviews regularly, was the almond croissant.  We had it both at room temp and toasted.  I liked hot, my wife liked it better not.  It was really a tremendous pastry either way...ask for it how you like it!Our favorite items there were the ice cream sandwiches...At $5 a pop, we had $20 worth in one sitting.  I know that sounds gluttonous, and maybe it was...but they came in 4 flavors and we weren't leaving without trying them all...and it was money well spent.The magic is that these are two French macarons, about 4-5 inches long, with boldly flavored, creamy textured ice cream in between.  Perfect bite, after perfect bite.There's a Payard in NYC's Soho neighborhood...It has already been mentally bookmarked for my next trip there!
5	I didn't have the food here because we just stopped in here as we were about to check out of Caesar's. I picked up a box of macaroons and a couple macaroon ice cream sandwiches to go and they were fairly priced.   So far I've only tried the salted caramel macaroon ice cream sandwich. They were great and I highly recommend it.
4	Nutella Crepe. Amazing!!! Although, I guess its pretty hard to mess up a nutella crepe. I also love that they are making them right there in front of you.
4	I thought this place was really good.  I have only been once, but the Cuban sandwich was very good.   In addition the carried Orangina which always will score well with me.  I found it to be on the pricy side,  12 bucks for a sandwich and no side is a little much.  Don't forget to check our the pastries and chocolate,  all looked fantastic.
4	I've had Payard on my list for some time, so Fall Restaurant Week was a great opportunity to visit. Lunch was just $30.14 for three courses plus wine (I can't remember the red choice, but the white was Ferrari-Carano Chardonnay).The space for dining is very small, so it's a good idea to make a reservation (via OpenTable). The setting is elegant, but casual. It's a great spot to meet friends for a nice brunch. Service was fantastic as well!Lobster Eggs Benedict on Croissant ($23): I've heard great things about Payard's eggs benedict, so I had to order it. Plus, it's the only menu I've seen that serves lobster on your benny. A buttery, flaky, amazingly delicious croissant is split open to make way for a pile of lobster meat (tail, claws, etc), two perfectly poached eggs, and creamy hollandaise. It's heavenly. Everything was good, but that croissant - whoa!RW MENUTomato Tartine with Shrimp: Diced tomato salad with basil shrimp on a puff pastry. This was seriously the BEST tartine I've had. I mean, a tartine could be anything thrown on top of bread, but that's just it - the delicious puff pastry is what made this dish! The pastry was fantastic and the shrimp was tender and flavorful. Why isn't this on the regular menu?!Fish of the Day: Barramundi with eggplant ratatouille and romesco sauce. I didn't really care for the barramundi - it's a tougher fish and there wasn't enough flavor in the ratatouille or sauce to balance its mildness.Black Angus Beef Burger: Peppercorn sauce with kettle chips and mixed green salad. The burger was prepared medium rare and so juicy! The peppercorn sauce was a nice addition as well. The server presented eight of their beautiful pastries at the end of our meal for us to choose. I didn't have the RW prie fixe and I still got dessert! How lovely. They have many more pastries that wasn't presented, so there was a list as well and we were more than welcome to choose something that wasn't shown.Sicilian: Madeleine sponge cake filled with cream cheese mousse, cranberry jam, dusted with ground Sicilian pistachio, and topped with a cream cheese crumble. This was not as good as it sounded or looked. The cake was nice, but the jam was solid and difficult to cut. Not sure if it was supposed to be like that or we had a fluke, but it was blah.Louvre: Chocolate mousse, hazelnut mousse, and hazelnut dacquoise. I've heard ravings about this pastry, so I knew I had to try it. Yummmm. Creamy and decadent. Really lovely.Lemon Tart: Lemon curd, almond cream, raspberry, and almond crust. I love lemon everything. The crust was fantastic and I liked the fillling as well. I personally prefer more cream than curd, but it was still delicious.We went to check out the counter after our meal and I made a couple of pastry selections to take home. I was also obsessed with the Garlic Rolls served with our brunch, so I bought five to take home as well. It's not ususally offered for purchase and I needed to request it with the manager (It was 5 for $4.25). I got a regular Croissant and an Almond Croissant ($4.25/each). Their croissants are so flaky and delicious. The almond croissant was amazing! I would definitely stop by just for an almond croissant to go. Oh, and don't forget the clock tower that dispenses chocolate truffles in adorable little Payard boxes every 15 minutes. The lady at the confections counter was so nice - she gave us three truffles (there were three of us) so we didn't need to wait!
5	Best desserts/pastries I've had in years. The "Sweet Relief" is amzing - a mango and pineapple mouse with merengue. This place is so good I came once a day during my stay in Vegas.
3	One piece of advice-make reservations! We had Sunday brunch here and while the food was good, the ambiance left something to be desired. Payard is a rather small restaurant, and I got the feeling they tried to squeeze as many tables in as possible. I understand this, but it's not exactly enjoyable to have your waitress' butt in your face while she's helping the table next to yours. Also since you're sitting like a foot away from your neighbouring table, it gets loud. On to the food. Payard is famous (apparently) for their eggs Benedict. I have to admit my lobster eggs Benedict on a croissant was delicious. The croissant was crispy, buttery, and flaky. The lobster portion was generous, and the poached egg was cooked perfectly. No complaints about the food, just the ambiance and atmosphere. We also purchased some macarons to take home with us. I was very disappointed in them. They had no real flavor. They just tasted sweet. The macarons from La Tour Cafe at home were way better.
5	Eggs Benedict, +1, on a croissant, +1, with house special fried potatoes, +1, all at the recommendation of the great server, +1, from order to table super fast, +1!  This place is fantastic.  Can't wait to try it again for their lunch menu!!
2	Brunch is not good here. Stick to baked goods. Quiche was so cold in the middle, had to be either frozen or stored in refrigerator for very long time. Not anywhere close to freshly made. Croque Monsieur also pretty sad, thin slices of lunch meat style ham, soggy bread and pretty bland all things considered. The coffee is also deplorable, tasting of ash, turpentine, and a touch of tar. Service was pretty good though.
4	Just once I wanted to try a non-Starbucks coffee while on my recent vacation to Las Vegas.  At home, we pretty much only have Starbucks so it's always nice to try other versions when we're out and about.We ordered two coffees on two separate trips.  The first was an iced mocha, and it was wonderful.  Sweet, but not overly so, just like I like it.  Also picked up a bag of caramel popcorn to snack on at the hotel.  To be honest, I'm not even sure we ate the popcorn cuz our hotel kept leaving turndown snacks for us on our bed every evening.  My husband might've dug into the bag, but if not, it was a pricey little table decoration.A couple days later we went back to try their hot coffee.  Ordered mochas to go, and while we were waiting I watched one of the cooks make crepes.  At that moment, I really really wanted breakfast except that we'd already planned to eat somewhere else.  The crepes looked like a master prepared them - and perhaps that's true.But back to the coffee.  You know how Starbucks tastes, and then when you go somewhere that's not Starbucks you feel like the coffee tastes more authentic, like the Italian version of a latte instead of an Americanized one?  Well, this is what you get at Payard - authentic tasting lattes.  It was just sweet enough to cut through the bitter coffee taste (I don't like coffee; it all tastes bitter to me), but not so sweet where you walk around all afternoon with a tummy ache.  And the more you drank it the better it seemed to taste.  It passed the test, and I recommend it to anyone who measures all their coffee by Starbuck's standards.Kind of wishing I had something to say about their food since they had a pretty decent looking menu.  Too bad I'm not a local, or else I'd visit again (for another coffee at the very least).
4	We ate here because we were staying at Caesars. The waitress suggested the eggs benedict, which was excellent, coffee was delicious. The rest. Was very busy, service was good. I'd go back.
3	Nice boutique coffee cafe Staff gets to the point, but not very friendly I found. First time at this place and I have to say that their hot Chai was the worse drink I have ever tasted. I'm not a coffee drinker- so I can't say if there other drinks are good. It tasted more like steamed milk with vanilla. On other hand I had the best ever bran raisin muffin. Would like to have tried their breakfast items. Long lines being close to the convention center rooms.
4	Very tasty but very expensive little chocolates. This corner in Caesars is so light and airy. I love it! And right now, they are all decked out with Halloween decor, soooo cute.
5	I went here for breakfast. I had the lobster eggs benny...OMG it was amazing! Expensive, but amazing. The place is pretty small, but I didn't have to wait. Service was a little slow, and left something to be desired, but the food OMG.
5	I was on a mission to visit all the popular pastry shops during my trip to Vegas, and this place was on my list.  It's located inside Caesar's.  Don't be mistaken - there is a Payard Express and a Payard Patisserie.  This place is beautifully decorated and pretty similar to Jean Philippe at the Aria/Bellagio.  They have sandwiches, crepes, pastries, coffee, desserts, and other baked goods.  If my stay in Vegas had been longer, I would have tried their crepes.  Anyhoo, It was about 9:45am when I arrived, and there was a line, but it was moving fairly quickly. I asked the lady behind the counter if she knew which desserts were flourless. I was impressed that since she didn't know, she offered to go inside and ask the store manager.  The store manager wasn't 100% positive either so she also went inside and asked the pastry chef.  After a couple of minutes, she came back and told me that the Sweet Relief and Chocolate Decadence were, indeed, flourless.  I was impressed that they were willing to stop whatever they were doing and confirm for me.  Some places didn't do that, and they shall remain anonymous.    I ordered both to go and ate the Sweet Relief right away.  It's a giant meringue with pineapple mousse and small chunks of mango inside.  It tasted very light, delicious, and refreshing. I'd definitely get that again.I ate the Chocolate Decadence later that night, and it was pretty good.  There was more dark chocolate than I would have liked, but it was very soft, spongy, and moist.  Dark chocolate lovers will like this one. If the dark chocolate flavor wasn't as intense, I would have called this my favorite.
1	Good treats but there were flies or gnats flying around inside the case. Employees didn't care just killed it with her hand and went about business...gross. Buy prepackaged stuff only. Hopefully they are bug free.
4	Food and service were great.  The lobster benny is to die for.  It was a more than generous helping of lobsters on probably the best croissant I've had in my life.  Everything was a tad expensive, but I had reward credits to use up which made this free!
5	Came here for the first time this morning. Great food and great service! My waitress, Katie, provided great, kind comforting service. She recommended the Lobster Benedict & I thought I would give it a try & I'm glad I did~ I will definitely be back!!!
2	This is a very take-to-go type cafe; not a cute sit down cafe.Came on Christmas and there was horrible service. Maybe it's because it was a holiday, but the cashier lady got our order wrong at least 3 times when trying to rush us. Everything is a little overpriced ($25 for chocolate coffee beans that cost $7 at Starbucks) and there aren't many places to sit except some metal chairs and tables outside. Despite that, my $9 waffle cone (that looks like gelato but is actually ice cream) tasted okay. Probably would get a better deal somewhere else though.
5	Coffee to pastries are all top notch amazing richness.  They don't mess around here.  Service was great too.
4	They used to have this chocolate waffle that was out of this world, not sure why they took it off the menu!! They have the chocolate french toast now, it's ok but the waffle was something else
5	I was here for breakfast on New Year's Eve. Didn't have a reservation and the wait was about 20 minutes at 9am ish. I had the broccoli quiche ($19) and it was the best ive ever had. Could be a little too rich for breakfast, but it was very delicious. I try to be a vegan, and this was the only vegetable dish I could find (although it had eggs and butter I'm sure).
4	Amazing French pastry place in the center of  Caesar palace next to rao's restaurant. They have great crapes, French pastries and ice cream and hot/cold drinks
5	Very good & tasty dessert.  We went really late & there're only 2 pieces left.  We ordered the Eclair & fruit tart.  Fruit tart was pretty big & the crust was crispy & not fatty.  The custart was very light & not too sweet.  Price was really decent considering it's located in the hotel.  I go to this dessert place everytime I go to LV.  The dessert place in Bellagio is way too crowded......
5	Everything we ordered was good but the one thing I think you cannot miss out on is the ALMOND CROISSANT. This is unlike any other almond croissant you have ever had! Order this you will Thank me for it. We made reservations online if you wanted to be seated in their dining area seems smart since its very small otherwise go to their takeout/to go area of the bakery that will be faster and probably cheaper too.
