4	I dropped into Tandoori Times one night after reading a good review about it in a newspaper. I spent a few years in the Bay Area, where I became accustomed to tasty hole in the wall Indian food joints rich with sauces and flavors. The only thing they typically lacked, though, was presentation. The restaurants were often uncomfortable or dirty but, in spite of that, the food made it worth the trip. Tandoori Times is unique. First of all, there is very little quality Indian food in the Phoenix metro, so that alone sets it apart. On top of that, its appeal is radically different from what I experienced around SF. This place is clean and cool, with sleek decor and comfortable booths to boot. The naan was fantastique, and the food was almost as good, but not quite. The richness and abundance of flavors weren't quite as present as with their slightly grosser counterparts in Cali. Not cheap, but, then again, hard to come by. I'll be headed back the next time I start feeling the need for some Tandoori chicken and naan.
3	I liked Tandoori Times, but it is just too difficult to get to if you don't live in the area.I thought the food was not the normal Indian fare that I have eaten:   * Presentation was stepped up a bit.  * Food quality was great.  * I was a bit disappointed by the selelction of food, but I guess it is better to do a few key things well than offer a bunch of variety that is not as good.* Tables and booths were dressed up a bit.I would return here if in the area, but otherwise I prefer Maharaja Palace.
5	As I ate my umpteenth-takeout meal from here tonight (mmm...malai kofta...) I thought it was about time for me to review this place.I really like it. The food at Tandoori Times is just more flavorful than it is at many other Indian restaurants in Phoenix, and I believe the ingredients are of a better quality. I do wish they had slightly more vegetarian options here, and I really wish they had pakoras on the appetizer list -- but other than that, I can't complain. And, while I like the place, my husband absolutely loves it, especially their lamb dishes.Also, I have to admit, I'm emotionally attached to this place as my husband and I had the rehearsal dinner for our wedding here last October. They were able to pull it together for us with only a few weeks notice (our other selection had flaked out on us at the last minute). They were really accommodating when we were running late that night, and even started bringing out appetizers to our guests who got there before us (it was supposed to be a buffet, but they were thoughtful enough to improvise). Everyone loved the food, from the meat-and-potatoes Midwestern uncles to the Indian aunties, so that says a lot right there... also, their outside patio is lovely.
4	*****MOVED TO 8140 N. Hayden Rd. in ScottsdaleIndian Cuisine is my nose, mouth and eye's favorite food.  Although my stomach sometimes would disagree mildly.  But I don't care!  It's worth it!  Upon entering Tandoori Times, located next to the brand new "Forbidden" night  club on 5th avenue in Old Town, Scottsdale, I notice what I like to call an Honesty Kitchen.  (The first thing I noticed, was the familiar fragrances one always smells upon entering and Indian Restaurant).  I have never seen an Honesty Kitchen in an Indian Restaurant.  It was Amazing!  Not only can you watch the chef's skewering the meats and vegetables on the long spikes and placing them into the enormous tandoor ovens, you can also see them do little dances as they cook.  I enjoyed watching them just a bit more than the belly Dancer (on busier nights), although she was just darling.  I avoided her whenever possible.Back to the food- You can find the usual fare of  Naan, Tandoori, masalas, chutney as well as a bevy of vegetarian favorites.  Each time I have been into the restaurant i was met by the gracious owner, Sonny, who has greeted me kindly.  His friendly and surprisingly knowledgeable staff are equally welcoming.  The patio is roomy but last I checked, needed some attention.I would probably not dine here then go to Forbidden for all  night dancing, but that's just me.  Instead, I would recommend the opposite.  You may not find what you want at the Clubs, but you will find it at Tandoori Times.
2	Alas, my craving for Indian food came to the point where I had to breakdown and eat Indian food on the West Coast. :(  I'm sorry to say that my craving for Indian was not met and the "timing" to eat at "Tandoori Times" couldn't have been worse.To start off my first sign of disappointment was when I called to see if the had a lunch buffetThey didn't.  What Indian Restaurant doesn't do a lunch buffet!?Well two to be in exact, which happens to be the only two Indian restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale (Tandoori Times and Jewel of the Crown) which is where I work, of course.The cuisine...First off, I'm a big believer that you can judge an Indian restaurant by their chicken tikka masala, so since this was my first visit to Tandoori, I had to try it.   Let's just say it was okay at best.  The tikka masala was little bit spicier than usual, which is fine with me, and it also had the right consistency and richness from the cream you expect, but it missed the slight sweetness that contrasts the spices from the sauce.  Disappointing.Next was the naan.The naan came out warm and had that ever so slight crispy outside that I adore, but the inside was slightly doughy or little too moist, which made the naan slightly chewy after it cooled off.  It was still good, but come on; you can at least master the basics right?Wrong.Let's go to the rice.  First and foremost I don't ever recall where you had to pay for rice at any Indian restaurant.  Well guess what?  I did.  $2.50 to be exact!!!  And for $2.50, did they master this staple side dish?  Noooo...It wasn't like it was horrible but I have never had Indian rice that was oily; it was slight, but you could taste and feel it.  Overall texture and flavor was sub par, but I couldn't get over the slightly oily taste and texture.  All I could think was that I was eating Chinese fried rice (b/c of the oiliness) with my tikka masala.  Sigh... Oh well.  Atleast they gave a hearty portion.Decor was adequate, dark green and red colored sheer covered sections of walls and was used a divider to break up the room.  But what was up with the standard white office acoustical tiles in the ceiling?  Atleast black it out like most restaurants.  I felt like I was at work or in some weird episode of The Office.  An episode when Steve Carell's character, Michael, decides to go to an Indian restaurant at lunch and notices the same thing...but to only make an erroneous comment out loud so everyone in the restaurant could here, starts mocking Indians and their accent and everything then goes down hill: something I would only laugh if on TV, but would not in real life.  I couldn't get over the fact that on top of that they had the audacity to then painted random acoustical tiles dark red and blue, which made your eyes look up at the ceiling.  I'm clueless on that one.Anyways, I am very hard pressed to find a reason to go back Tandoori Times.  For all you Phoenicians you never had Indian Food, save your taste buds and go to NYC or anywhere back east and try it there.  But if you get the urge, I would suggest go to India Delhi Palace on McDowell Road.  The food is actually pretty good, for AZ standards that is.More along the lines of 2 1/2 Stars
5	Okay, so as a person of Indian descent, I had to comment on Tandoori Times. It's damn good! I took my parents and 5 friends out there, we ordered basically one of everything and a ton of Kingfishers (best Indian beer ever) and spent less than $200. Lunch is not too shabby either, any one of their wraps hits the spot.... they're extra yummy because they use naans as the wrap.My mother, who despises going to Indian restaurants, even liked it.
4	I just went to Tandoori Times tonight for my friend's birthday and I really liked it. Everything was delicious, especially the lamb, and the naan was soo good (the garlic naan, the cheesy naan was a little bland). The service was good, and they gave my friend a free dessert. I did think the restaurant could have used a little more personality, maybe some nicer decorations or better music, but otherwise it was great, would definitely go back again.
5	I met a friend of mine here for lunch the other day.  She has raved about this Indian food place that she said I had to try.  I used to live in the Bay Area of California, and I had some of the best Indian food while I was there, so I was a little skeptical that I would find something good here in Arizona.  My friend was right, the food here is awesome.I liked the variety of naan that they had here, from plain to garlic to whole wheat.  We got the whole wheat, which soaked up the yummy goodness of the sauce that came with my lamb masala.  This dish was just spicy enough, very flavorful, and the lamb was super tender.  My friend is a veggie and got the dal makhani, which my carnivorous self actually found quite tasty.  And to top it all off, they had some chai tea that was out of this world.  It's a far cry from the sweetened chai stuff that you get at Starbucks, very flavorful.The service here was very great and attentive.  I'm not sure how this place would be around the dinner hour, but for lunch we were seated quickly and served quickly as well despite quite a few people being there.  I can't wait to come back!
5	FOOD: Everything I ate - Chicken Tikka, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Biryani, Mattar Pineer, Lamb Vindaloo, Mumbai Shrimp, and Garlic Naan - were all great. I drank a King Fisher (Indian beer) and it was pretty good, better than most American bottled beers. Mango lassi was good, as it is in most places. PRICE: It's about $9-13 for each dish, and $3 for naan. ATMOSPHERE: Decently nice restaurant, not very much Indian decor. The music can get a little too loud. Right when I jokingly said, "A belly dancer should come out and dance to this music," one actually freakin did. A white one. It was entertaining and awkward. But when a little girl went to dance like the belly dancer, that was hilarious. I swear that little kid danced for an hour straight. SERVICE: The waiter, who I've seen at campus multiple times, was helpful and polite. SKINNY: This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to in the phoenix area. I'm going back for sure to satisfy my Indian food cravings.
4	Any place that has belly dancers shake their stuff in your face during dinner gets high marks in my book.I think the belly dancer(s) are there only on the weekends around 8, but you might want to check it out.Loved the food.   Garlic naan, very good.  The kitchen is partially open which is nice because you can see them put the meat skewers out of the ovens (maybe they call them tandoors or something) anyways very good food.I bit more upscale than most other Indian places in the valley.
4	Sometimes I get a real hankering for Indian food.  We decided by the reviews we read to try Tandoori Times.  LOVE IT.  We've been back a few times since.  Everything I've tried there I've loved.  My favorite is the Saag Ghost.  My only disappointment is that they don't serve Pakora's at dinner, and I never make it there for lunch.  But they redeemed themselves by having one of my favorite white wines on the menu (Torrontes).  The belly dancer is cool, just make sure you don't sit under one of the speakers in the ceiling, they crank it.
5	definitley one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. Tandoori Times never disappoints. Their naan bread is excellent. Any dish I have ordered has always been delicious. Tandoori Times is good for a romantic dinner or a casual get together with friends or family.
4	Oh F*CK yeah!Okay so Ive had Indian food before.. generally the stuff you can buy at Trader Joe's or make can make at home. However I have never been to an Indian restaurant before.. Ive always wanted to try but the health reports and the chronic cockroach problems always seemed to keep me and the Mr away. After seeing a write up on Chow Bella I decided that I'd take the plunge! It was SO worth the chance.. totally clean, super friendly staff, great drinks and delicious food! We ordered heavy to cross section the menu.. not one dish sucked out of the 7 dishes that we ordered. The rice pudding made certain parts of me stand on end.. it was that good! I'm very much looking forward to coming here again.. if I were into the ladies I would have buried my face right into the belly dancers boobs.. seemed like the thing to do after a couple of the best long island ice teas!!
3	Since everyone in my family digs Tandoori Times, I've wandered in for eight or nine earlybird dinners and, honestly, I'm a little underwhelmed.  Definitely not bad or awful, but maybe if I sandwiched a later supper  between undulating bare bellied vixens and a couple of Kingfishers, I'd stumble out with a hazier (and happier ) overall impression.  Nothing I've ever eaten here was truly bad enough to take back - or savory enough to inspire a return visit. Portions tend to be small and sauces are, by and large, mild and rather one dimensional.  Other than the garlic naan, I cant  remember a dish smelling really awesome as it wafted by, which is a shame considering Indian cuisine is among the world's most aromatic.   I was eager to share yesterday's lamb boti kabob, as the portion was good sized - about 15-20 small cubes of lamb (not mega kabob sized cubes, but a very respectable portion for $10-11), on the usual tandoori bed of onions and peppers.  The lamb exterior was nice & crusty, but the inside wasnt moist and tender like you'd expect from tandoori - instead it was hard, chewy and disappointing.  Companion's entree was 3 tiny vegetable fritters or dumplings buried in a thick sauce, that looked more like an appetizer.  Chicken dishes are generally better - the tandoori version is good, and similar to most Indian joints.  I recommend the three hot relishes (red sauce, green puree, and pickled peppers) provided tableside, as house preparations, at least in my experience, tend to be mild. Servers are generally Anglo, pleasant and competent during the meal, but just about every time we walk in for dinner at 5 or 5:30, the entire operation seems almost startled by our presence. Nobody's overtly rude, but instead of a really warm welcome, you kind of get four or five employees hanging out at the bar staring at you, as if mentally choosing straws to see who has to deal with the first dinner customer of the evening. It's not oppressive, but it's happened more than once and I'm not crazy about the vibe.  I do like the complimentary, self serve chai tea and open kitchen, providing an opportunity to stretch one's legs and socialize a bit. Nice touches.   The menu is extensive, all told about sixty items, and reasonably priced for Indian food. Indian textiles, jewelry and artwork is often on display, for sale, and the house music is too loud if you have the misfortune to be seated under a ceiling speaker. It got turned down, eventually, but any restaurant with a few years under it's belt ought to understand customary American tolerances better than that.  The atmosphere is up and down. Food's OK. Service is OK. Ask my family and they'll each give it four or five stars. In my book, Tandoori Times is just OK.
1	Well I am not the best person to ask about East Indian cuisine. It would not be on my list of top choices. So that being said, I will share my impressions of Tanroori Times. I have been there twice for lunch. Both times my party had the same waitress, and both times she was so slooooowwwww. The second time she accidentally charged us for 2 instead of 4 chicken lunch specials. We were honest --  pointing out the undercharge. She proceeded to totally screw up the change (pocketing the $24 cash) and then overcharging the three debit cards as if we did not supply cash as well. If I did not know better I would have said she was blonde. Sheeshh.They desperately need some sort of new ventilation system. It smells like all the smoke from the kitchen is not venting out correctly. The AC is way too cold. Several in my party were cold. And the bathrooms were gross. The food was tasty, but I'll pass on this one next time.
1	My belief has always been that at a restaurant, nothing matters but the food.  Service can be abysmal as long as the food is good.  Tandoori Times has changed my beliefs about this, and I now realize that service can be so amazingly terrible that it can completely ruin a dining experience.Dinner started innocently enough.  We sat at a table not far from the bar, and our server started out asking us what we'd like to drink.  The server had a young kid with her, maybe 5-6 years old, and the kid was helping her with things.  I thought it was kind of strange, but I assumed it was probably our server's kid and that she couldn't find a babysitter for the night or something - no big deal.I ordered a dirty martini, and our server went back to the bar to mix our drinks (she told us the bartender had already gone home for the night, even though it was only 6PM).  Since our table was near the bar, we could hear what was going on there, and within a minute or two, I heard the server asking the rest of the staff if they knew where the olive juice was.  After a minute or two of searching, the staff concluded that they were out of olive juice.  At this point, I expected our server to come back and ask if she could get me a different drink.  She didn't.  Instead, she started asking the staff what she could substitute for olive juice, and they concluded that saltwater would be good.  Ugh.  She brought me the drink and pretended it was completely normal and nothing was wrong.  I pretended I didn't know any better, took a sip of the drink, and told her it was beyond awful and it tasted like they had used salt instead of olive juice.  She acted like she couldn't imagine why this was, and she said that she would take the drink off of my bill.  When she picked the drink up from the table to take it away, the young kid I mentioned earlier bumped into her and knocked the drink out of her hand.  She spilled a bit of it on me, and most of it on the floor.  She then walked away and offered no help of any kind - no napkins or anything.  This spilled drink stayed on the floor _the entire rest of the meal_, and they never cleaned it up.  When we eventually left, I was tempted to "slip" on it, pretend I severely hurt myself, and start yelling about how careless their staff was, how they could be held liable for injuries, blah blah blah.  I just wanted someone to recognize that it was ridiculous for them to not clean up things that they had spilled, but it really seemed like they didn't care at all.Anyway, the server asked if I wanted something else to drink instead.  I went for a gin and tonic.  When she got back to the bar, the first thing I heard was "What's in a gin and tonic? How do I make one?" Sigh.  Anyway, the gin and tonic turned out okay, all things considered, but at this point I was pretty sad from what had already happened.Finally, we got to ordering our food.  Our server came over, asked what we'd like, and as we started telling her, we noticed she wasn't paying any attention.  She was just watching her kid and talking to her.  So, we got to repeat our order again, and this time she actually paid attention and wrote it down.  Yay.Awhile later, our food came out - we got two naans (one paneer, one chicken), chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, and rice.  The naans were pretty average, nothing really special.  The chicken tikka masala was actually pretty good, and was the only decent part of the whole meal.  The palak paneer was some of the worst I've ever had, and I'm pretty sure they just emptied a defrosted bag of frozen spinach over some cubes of paneer.  It tasted like no spices or any kind of flavoring had been added.In the middle of eating, we were interrupted by the server and her kid for a rather awkward moment.  The server made her kid apologize for knocking over my drink, and then they walked away.  Congratulations Tandoori Times on making our dinner that much more uncomfortable.Our server didn't seem to care about anything throughout the whole meal - she never asked how anything was, if we needed anything, etc. When we were done eating, she came by and dropped off the check, without removing our plates from the table or even saying a word.  We had been charged an extra $2.50 just to have rice with our entrees, which I think is pretty ridiculous.  Anyway, I took out my credit card and she came by to pick it up, again without saying a word.  We left quickly, wanting to get our Tandoori Times experience over with as soon as possible.When we left, I was pretty frustrated and angry, which is not how one should feel when leaving a restaurant.  I will never, ever, ever come back here again.
3	Check out their mutter paneer, and the curries.  Complimentary chai- just walk up to the bar and serve yourself.  Order some naan.  Excellent paneer wrap with tamarind sauce.  If you're looking for good value, check out their daily specials (small-sized entree, side salad, naan, and rice).  For those with a sweet tooth (like me!), try their HUGE pieces of gulab jamun... mmmm!One huge caveat that begs the question of the authenticity of the meals served at this restaurant-- the appearance of beef in the menu.  Holy cow!  This is the main reason I haven't gone back.  Therefore, when I'm dining in Scottsdale, I am either at Jewel of the Crown or Indian Delhi Palace on McDowell.
2	I thought this place was not that good for Indian food. The place was not that clean. Overall I have had much better Pakistani/Indian food and wouldn't really recommend this place to anyone who would want very good food.
3	Imagine if you were Pakastani and you wanted to open a restaurant that would cater to the mainstream. You would make it trendy inside. You would offer a nice bar. You would hire American people as your servers. And you would make the food not so spicy. In essence, you would create the PF Chang's of Indian Food. You would give it an Indian sounding name like Tandoori TImes and remove any vestiges of Pakistan as Indian restaurants are better recognized and thus seen as a safer option among the mainstream.  Well, that's exactly what Tandoor Times is. Being Indian, I prefer Indian food meaning I like all the grilled meat items but they better be able to make quality sabjis and vegetarian dishes too.  Tandoori Times is a Pakastani restaurant; it's not an Indian restaurant. It's almost the same but their dishes are different. Pakastani cuisine involves Tandoori items and grilled items. Their cooking style is less spicy and offers less cream in their dishes.  Indian (Punjani/North Indian) food involves Tandoor items as well in addition to vegetable dishes, more variety and types of curries and is spicier and more flavorful in general. If you are a non-vegetarian like myself, you can survive on the curries and the shish kebob and other meat items. However, when you taste their chaat, deserts and vegetarian sabjis, this restaurant clearly does not know what they are doing.  If you are vegetarian of Indian descent, you will be sorely disappointed.  Nothing against Pakastani cuisine but vegetarian dishes are not your forte much like curries and grilled options are not really a part of South Indian cooking.  The food is on the mild side. Of course, if you ask them to make something hotter, they can but their food in general is not very spicy and is bland with the exception of some of their curries.  If you are a Non-Indian and you want to try Indian food for the first time, this would be a good place to start. If you are someone who has eaten quality Indian food and wants the real thing, avoid this place because this is as far from being the real thing as possible. The service and ambience was quite nice. I think that's the real draw of this restaurant since most Indian restaurants have poor service and often a dirty or claustrophobic environment.  This is a trendy restaurant in old town Scottsdale that you could take a date to.  The service was good when we went there but at the same time the servers were pretty ignorant of the menu and didn't know a lot about Indian food.Being Indian, this place was just a bunch of hype.  Yes, it was neat to see friendly American people serving Indian food since I'm used to Indian waiters who are abrupt and to the point.  I liked the ambience but the food was disappointing. Their palak paneer honestly tasted as if some non-Indian person decided to try and make it from a cookbook at home. It was not spicy nor was it cooked properly. Their malai kofta was not even malai kofta....let's put it that way.  I will say this, their Tandoori chicke was probably the best I've had in the valley and that's not suprising since Pakastani cooking involves meat and they know how to grill meat well but outside of their meat dishes, it was completely lackluster. The bottom line is that if you are an Indian person or a person who is used to eating quality Indian food and you want honest to goodness quality INDIAN (not Pakastani) food, avoid this place.  If you are a non-Indian person wanting to check out Indian/Pakastani food and just want to have a good time, this place is for you.  Note, however that the prices are rather high for an Indian/Pakastani restaurant so you are paying for that ambience.
5	Oh man this was good indian food. Coming from a native, I hope this means something!Another restaurant close to my hotel so I decided to try it out on my way back (ate at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant last night) to the room. Seating confused me at first because the sign said seat yourself but there was also a host directing people to tables. Whatever...Pretty extensive menu. I ordered the beef seekh kabab wrap and the butter chicken with rice and a plain naan. Kind of annoying that none of the curries come with rice or naan (and rice is 2.50, 1.75 for a plain naan). Luckily I was on the expense account so I didn't care about the cost too much. Food took a while to come out, but there was also a large party ahead of me which got served first. The kabab wrap consisted of a monster thick kabab, nothing wimpy like some other restaurants to with the usual accompaniments. The butter chicken was thick and creamy and the serving dish was filled to the brim (almost overflowing). There was a decent amount of chicken in there, definitely not skimpy like many other restaurants. It tasted delicious and no one seasoning was overpowering. The portion was pretty big and between the kabab wrap and the butter chicken, two people could easy have eaten and been satisfied. Overall delicious food and pretty good service. They don't really have a full bar (as they advertise), there are maybe 10 spirits with a few mixers, and beer. I didn't imbibe, but the selection was pretty standard fare (rum, scotch, tequila, vodka) and looked decently priced (at least according to the drink menu).
4	Tandoori Times turned out to be an impromptu Valentine's dinner for my husband and I.  We just usually don't do dinner out on V-Day.  Not that we have anything against the big day, but my idea of a romantic dinner out does not involve 50 other couples having their special dinner at the same time.  Anywho, fondue was the plan, but I neglected to buy anything to dip into the imaginary cheese I also failed to buy.We settled on Tandoori as neither of us had been there, just down the street from home, and we didn't expect it to be a major Valentine's destination.  I was pleasantly surprised they were offering a complimentary rose for the ladies.  Complimentary, as in free.  No dude peddling his roses to unsuspecting men who may have previously neglected the flower ritual and know they are damned if they do (like a $5 rose is going to make up for screwing up the flower thing) and damned if they don't (he's so cheap, he couldn't even buy me a stinkin' $5 rose).  Nice touch, no pressure, woman happy, all is well.We started with the bread basket which had to be a concoction of Robert Atkins' evil twin.  It had four kinds of Naan (plain, onion, garlic, and potato).  We ate all we could and then some and still had leftovers.  I had the chicken makhani which is a tomato based curry with herbs and spices.    Perhaps a little too spicy if you can't tolerate any heat, but for me it was perfect.  My husband had the lamb vindaloo.  I tried it and it was a little too hot for me, but it was pretty damn good I must say.We found our server to be pleasant and attentive.  I'm sorry we didn't go sooner (actually we tried, but they close between lunch and dinner) as they are moving their Scottsdale location to Hayden & Via de Ventura.  Somehow I think we'll make the extra effort to go again.  But I will attempt to avoid the belly dancing-I've got more than enough belly of my own.
4	Tandoori TimesVolume 1, Issue 1, Number 1.  Limited run.  Copyright 2009, Mejimbo Enterprises.  All Rights Reserved.  Dateline 7 May 2009Scottsdale, Arizona    Yelpers Jim W and Audrey W were reportedly seen enjoying lively conversation and delicious Indian food with Donald S and Carin S.  Witnesses claim the group was laughing loudly at times.  One bystander reported, "That was a guffaw.  That outburst right there was definitely a guffaw.  Wild stuff."    Sources have related to this publication that the group dined on two appetizers, one known as a bread basket which consisted of four types of naan bread.  Jim W was overheard to say, "I really like the onion naan."  The other appetizer may have been Aloo Tikki.  This has not been confirmed as yet.  In any case the plate containing the reported Aloo Tikki was cleaned by the foursome, several even going so far as to swab at the remaining sauce on the plate.    The above sources also reported that the table was served an order of the Friday daily special of Kahari Shrimp.  It was overheard by a nearby table that the shrimp was "...flavorful with strong notes of garlic and ginger."  This has not substantiated, however.    Audrey W reportedly was served the Lamb Korma which she was rumored to have noted was "Yummy."    Carin S apparently was served the Chicken Masala and Donald S may have been served some sort of Vindaloo that included potato.  It seems there was considerable sharing of the dishes around the table and the main dishes may have been spooned over what some experts have suggested was a basmati rice with various herbs and spices.    An unnamed source has informed this publication that while Jim W claims to have particularly enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere which included a belly dancer and some swordplay, he was displeased with the excessive sound level produced by the in-house sound system and even requested that the music be reduced.    Jim W's blog had a statement this morning that read, in part; "...ears haven't hurt the next morning like that since my last rock concert.  I really liked the food but I wouldn't go back on a night when they have dancing again."
1	This place has really bad service. We waited for over 20 minutes just to get our drink orders taken. Then another 20 minutes to get our food order taken. Then over an hour to get food!! The food is okay--I've had better Indian food in the Valley. The atmosphere is also weird--they have this belly dancer, who has bit too much belly. The owner walks around whistling and putting dollar bills in the belly dancer's top. REALLY bizarre.... So not appropriate for families.  All in all, there's better food, service, and places to go for authentic Indian food.  I've been twice and both times were very disappointing due to poor quality food and service.  There won't be a third time:  I'll never go back again.
4	I am remiss in not writing my review of our dinner Tandoori Times a little sooner.In my defense, my ears hadn't stopped ringing from the background music for the belly dancer and I was unable to concentrate on the screen long enough to write a coherent sentence (at least I think that's why I can't write a coherent sentence:)The Beautiful Carin and I met the utterly delightful Jim and Audrey W. for dinner at Tandoori Times last Friday evening.I keep saying it, but one of the things I like about Yelp is actually meeting and getting to know real people in "meat world", as opposed to only getting to know someone online.It really gets down to the art of dining...pleasant conversation with convivial company, good food and drink, in an interesting setting. We had all of those things Friday evening, and more!We also had Indian food at Tandoori Times! I love Indian and Pakistani food. I play squash and I got to know Indian and Pakistani food from the kitchens of the wives of some of my squash buddies...incredible meals and incredible hospitality...we could all take lessons:)We started with cocktails, 4 kinds of Naan (the Onion Naan was incredible...crusty and crunchy on the outside, literally filled with chunks of soft, savory/sweet roasted onion:)Appetizers included Aloo Tikki, a potato pancake with gravy (and you know how much I like gravy:)...good stuff. We passed things around, family style.We ordered dinner as we enjoyed our conversations. It was great to get to know Jim and Audrey better and I'm glad we had some time to chat as dinner was served (really wonderful food...Chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Masala, Lamb Korma and Kahari Shrimp...everything perfectly prepared, spicy and flavorful). The service was warm and friendly:)All of the food was served family style with rice and more Naan to sop up the gravies and sauces...so good!Then came the belly dancing and music...there may also have been a fire engine parade and a Boeing 777 landing in the parking lot...it was so loud we'll never really know. The sound system was really cranked for the lovely belly dancer and it was fun to watch  her for the first 15 minutes or so. But after an hour or so, the fun of watching belly dancing kind of wore off, we wanted to get back to conversation (even though the belly dancer was brandishing swords and candles...it was a little like watching NASCAR...you don't want to see the wreck, but you don't want to miss it either. I'm happy to report that nothing was cut off or burned during the performance:)Sadly, conversation was rendered nearly impossible by the fact that someone had turned the amplifiers up to 11.Jim would ask me "what do you do for a living" and I would answer "I sold my motorcycle in 1978", with a smile, and he would look puzzled:)Audrey and Carin were having similar difficulties...it's just hard to have quiet chat when the background music is up around 107 decibels:)That said, we truly enjoyed the evening with our new friends!And we really enjoyed the food at Tandoori Times...I just recommend calling ahead to ask about the belly dancing, and bring the ear plugs if you go on belly dancing nights:)
3	Long holiday weekend. Sunday afternoon around 2:30 we finally found the place for lunch - it's part of a 4 (or so) building complex wrapped around the back. Ok, so we go in. It is completely empty of customers. Nice bar to the left with about 4 people who seem to work there but we were ignored for a few minutes till someone notices us and says, oh you can sit anywhere. So we do. We get water immediately. Then a wait of about 10 more minutes in an empty room (while the 4 keep on talking) till someone else (our server) arrives with more water and menus. Other than that it was ok. We had the tandoori wraps - very good. The rest of the menu looked worth trying. Evidently they are getting a new menu June 1. Interesting concept of a card that you get cash back on your food totals - ask about it. The only other thing worth mentioning is that it would be nice if raita (even plain yogurt)  was free on request - $2.50 is a lot for it, even if you get a lot  - more than needed. And they were out of the 12oz Kingfisher bottles.  Ryan (our server) was very nice. Interesting decor, Indian but not cheesy.  Funny sidebar about a group of 3 (highly tattooed) who had never eaten Indian food before and were given quite a thorough introduction ... always glad to have my stereotypes challenged :-) give it a try.
3	The Atlanta Yelp Empress, Kathleen M, came to town this week to help out with the Yelp Rocks event, so since she's a fan of ethnic cuisine, I decided we'd try Tandoori Times.  It is kind of hidden in the shopping center - I suggest they get some better signage.  But we're smart girls, and we found it... it looked pretty dead from the outside but once we were led to a table, we saw a few other parties dining (including some friends of mine on a date!).While our service was attentive enough, our waiter kept attempting to talk us out of what we wanted to order and tried to sell us something different.  For example, when we ordered the chicken tikka masala, he suggested we order chicken chile instead.  No thanks!  And when we ordered the bengun bhartha (eggplant dish), he suggested something else too.  We stuck to our guns though.  We were girls that knew what we wanted!In addition to the dishes above, we shared a house salad, rice, and a tandoori roti (whole wheat bread made in the tandoor oven).  We would've ordered an appetizer of sorts (Ie: samosas) but you have to do that during certain times of the day and we missed our window for that.  (Kind of odd, huh?!)  Nonetheless, I enjoyed everything although I added a lot of hot sauce - it didn't have much kick without it.  Gotta love that hot sauce!I really enjoy Indian food and don't eat it as often as I'd like.  It seems that many people are not up for adventurous eating... I don't get it!  Regardless, I'd come back to Tandoori Times in a heartbeat.  It didn't knock my socks off but it was a pleasant experience with attentive service, decent ambiance, and moderate prices.  Thanks to Kathleen M for trying something new with me!
4	I visited this restaurant for the first time last week.  I can say that everything we had was great!  I really liked our server, a young girl (18 or 19) who knew the menu so well and who also told us of some special dishes not yet on the menu that we could order.  We took her advice on all of her suggestions, and they were delicious!  It made dinner that much better to try new things and be pleasantly surprised.
4	An Indian coworker of mine who was craving a little Chicken Tikka Masala suggested that we check this place out after yelping it, so we headed over one night after work. It was a little hard to find as others have mentioned, but we got there in the end, so no harm, no foul. A lot of my recent Indian food experiences have been in strip malls, which are about as disasterous as they sound, so I was so thrilled to be able to go, sit down and enjoy my Indian food properly. And enjoy it, I did!My coworkers and I started off with the Bread Basket, which our waiter kindly let us mix n' match: we weren't thrilled about the wheat naan, so he let us switch it out for an extra helping of the onion, garlic or plain naan....yippee! All of the naans were great...the onion was probably the one that thrilled me the least, but it's hard to go wrong with naan of any variety, so needless to say that when our food was gone, the naan was as well.For our entrees, we ended up going family style and sharing four dishes (for three people): the Chicken Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Makhani and Lamb Vindaloo. They were ALL great...I would order any of them again. But, if I had to choose my favorite, it would be the Chicken Makhani. I REALLY appreciate that they use white, good quality chicken...one of the keys to great Indian food, in my opinion! The Chicken Tikka Masala was also wonderful as well, but spicier than the Makhani. As for the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Biryani, they didn't do it for me quite like the first two but I really have no complaints about them, and devoured them in no time. The service wasn't super-quick, but we'll be back. After a great meal, we all agreed that this place could easily become a weekly dining excursion, especially since they have frequent diner cards!! Every time you're there, they put a certain percentage of what you spend on the card, and then you can use it on any future meal. That's fabulous! It's like free money...what's not to love?!
3	My wife doesn't like very hot/spicy food. She enjoys Indian food and wherever we have lived in the past we have found great indian restaurants able to make her dishes without all the kick.  We went here to check it out and she ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and couldn't eat it because of how spicy it was.   The manager told her he couldn't make it less potent or else the taste would be sacraficed.  Well, how did the other Indian restaurants outside of Phoenix manage to do it?  Not impressed at all with this place and won't be going back.
3	Gabi K was sweet enough to cater to my Indian cravings and we ventured out to Tandoori Times on my never ending quest for quality chicken tikka masala. As we scanned the menu, I was disappointed to see that a large portion of their options were only available during lunch time: get separate menus so I'm happily oblivious to what I'm missing! I am a chicken tikka masala girl through and through. While I may order other dishes in ADDITION to CTM, I *have* to get it at every Indian joint I go to. Yes, yes, I know it may not be the most authentic thing, but I don't care. I love it. So don't you dare try to talk me out of it! And that's exactly what our waiter did, which made me nervous. Was the CTM all that bad? No, it was fair, but the waiter's attempt to lead us down a different road makes me wonder if they really do have wonderful food here, it's just not CTM. Try it out, and go with their recommendations!
4	Yay! I am a BIG fan!I am obsessed with their Chicken Makhani!!! aaahhh the naan is always so good ~ I prefer the plain : )... so happy they serve samosas anytime now!!I haven't found better indian food anywhere in Phoenix.
5	Man, when my ex-bf used to work there he would always bring home the best food.  I love their channa masala and lamb saag!  They also have some of the best naan around!  If you do get dessert, the ghulab jamen is insanely sweet, but their kheer hits the spot!
5	Was fully craving Indian, and was fortunate enough to be directed here by a few friends that have recently moved to the States from India.  Can't stress enough how good this place is.  Complex flavors and delicious sauces.  Service was great, portions were solid and price was right on.  And, if you like spicy, you're in luck.  Go for 'Chef Hot'...they don't hold back. Definitely part of the regular rotation moving forward...
4	We dropped a party of 11 on them, last minute, not too far from closing time and the service was AMAZING. The server was excellent, her suggestions were right-on, and she even offered to take a dish back when she noticed one person in the party was surprised by the spiciness of her dish. This person didn't complain about the dish, the server just noticed the look on her face and offered to take it back. Zeeeeee food: so good. SO. GOOD. I would give this place 5 stars, but I did not have a chance to have any appetizers and rate them with the whole meal, so it's my fault. I will just have to go back and edit my review. -----fin-----
1	I went to Tandoori Times today for lunch with six of my co-workers for lunch. It was not the best Indian food I've had, but it was definitely not the worst (I had the achari lamb lunch special). But my experience there was horrible.My issue with Tandoori Times was the service. Our waitress did not seem to care about our table at all, even though we were the largest party in the place. Maybe she felt that she did not need to work for her tip since it was automatically added to our bill. She never checked on us to see if we needed anything. One of our party members even had to chase her down just find out where his food was after everyone else's food had shown up 10 minutes before.She had issues with our check and stiffed us on our change. I bill was $97. Three people put in $20, another a $10, and three people asked her to charge $17 a piece on their credit cards. That totals $121.00. We asked for change from the cash. SHE CAME BACK WITH NO CHANGE AND WALKED AWAY. As we were already 30 minutes late from lunch and were in a hurry we left, but she swiped a $24.00 tip.Even though the food was good, the service was the worst I think I've ever had. I will not be returning to this restaurant any time soon.
4	Finally in North Scottsdale, a great Indian place. Our friend who grew up in London recommended T/T and we wern't disappointed. The best Lamb Saag I've had and our friend always gets the Tiki Masala. Excellent service and happy hour drink prices before 6pm.My question is where is the garlic in "Garlic Naan??"Badger Out!
2	Its hard for me to give this restaurant a higher star rating. This is not due to the food by any means. The food is excellent and very genuine. I do however, take issue with the service. Everyone is pleasant enough, but none of the wait staff or take out order employees seem to have any concept of time. I have dined in at the restaurant for lunch a couple of times with other colleagues. We have a typical hour lunch break and this establishment is a mere 5 mins away. Lets just say both times we told the server we would be in a hurry due to work and both times we were at least 20 to 30 minutes late. Lesson learned. So we resorted to calling in our order for pick up. We were told it would be ready in 10 mins. That was a sheer fabrication as both times we arrived and paid and waited for another 30 minutes for our food at the pick up window. (AKA bar). Now, why do we keep giving them another chance? Well, that's simple, it is the only authentic indian food in a 10 mile radius. Trust me, if we had other options we'd take them. Bottom line: Great Food! Crap Service!
4	Hard place to find, but fairly delicious and affordable. My friends and I go here. We like it.
5	I love this place!  Every time I have a craving for Indian food this is where I go, even though I now live about 40 minutes from here!  The service is always great, and the food, oh it is wonderful!   I usually order the chicken tikka mahsala, or the chicken mahkni.  They are both SO good!  I also love their naan.  I've been to a few other indian restaraunts in the valley, al of which were claimed to be "the best indian food in phoenix"  but this truely is the best in phoenix!
3	Service 3Food 3.5Cleanliness 4Atmosphere 5Value 3Pros:Great AtmosphereGood first time Indian food. This wont knock over you friends new to the cuisine.Cons:Difficult To LocateSlow KitchenPriceyUngodly uncomfortable boothsDishes Worth The Calories:Garlic/Onion NaanSaag PaneerChicken Tikka MasalaFull Review:Well all the Indian reviews from the buffay crew finally got to me and I had to have it for a cheat meal :)Was like Mr Toads wild ride in my truck getting here. A quick U-Turn, brake check, sharp right, up a ramp and into a parking place. That complex is like a maze and I feel lucky that I located my destination.Walked in the yelp stickered door and was hit with that delicious Indian restaurant smell. What was lacking was the scent of mesquite which you can usually pick up at most places from the tandoor. This was an upclass place so I figured it was just vented well. The place was really cool on the inside having this upscale lounge type feel. Nice and dim and easy on the eyes.The guy who was double duty as host/waiter seemed a bit annoyed that I was walking in the door at 8:45 when they were open until 10. A tad on the snooty side asked if I was picking up or eating in with a heavy insinuation that I better be picking up. Luckily I was saved by my phone going off as my friend couldn't find the place. I got to bark two for dinner and walked out the door to find my friend.Was happy when our waitress came to the table since I didn't want much to do with the host. She took our drink order and asked if we needed a few more minutes to which I made the mistake of replying yes. Normally I have these meals pre planned and know exactly what I want but this was a last minute change of destination. I regretted not ordering right then because we didn't see her again for a long while.My friends have learned that I usually know what's good and just let me order for the table. One of them was an appetizer and as usual I was asked if I wanted that first or with the meal. I try and condense the time that I'm eating bad food to limit the sugar spikes it might create. I'm not even sure why they ask because 9 out of 10 times they bring it first anyway :( this was one of those 9 times. We waited for what seemed like an eternity for this one dish to show up. At that point I just started eating because I was super hungry. The rest took another 15 minutes to get there. Kitchen here is REALLLLY slow and we were one of only 3 tables.One more note.. do yourself a favor and get a table. The booths here are horrible. They press you forward into the table and are very uncomfortable on the back after a while.. and you will be there a while :PFood Details:Onion Bhaji:I ordered these thinking they were something different. They were basically battered onion strings with what I would guess was a plum based sauce. I was expecting the Indian fritters that I couldn't remember the name of at the time. It was still tasty.Bread Basket:Sampler of 5 different types of Naan. The only ones I would recommend are the onion and garlic. In the rest the texture was a little different but no flavor profile change and rather dull.Chicken Tikka Masala:Mmmm I love this dish and it was pretty darn good here. I have had better but it wasn't in the valley. I haven't chowed on much Indian since returning here many years ago.Saag Paneer:Texturally this was way off from what I'm used to. It was almost like a ground spinach. The spice profile of the dish was excellent but I was a little disappointed in the Paneer. This isn't a strong cheese anyway but this really had no flavor to it. I'm used to it adding at least a creamy/richness to the dish. This one had the taste/texture of firm tofu.Tandoori Chicken:I was REALLY craving some tandoori chicken and I was disappointed. It wasn't bad but it lacked the bold flavor depth this dish usually has. I also totally missed any mesquite/wood/smoke flavor that should have been there. Between the lack of wood taste and smell I think this place may use a gas driven Tandoori verses a real mesquite charcoal version.Kheer:Rice pudding is great stuff and adding almonds and raisins to it... yum. This is where someone played a cruel joke on us. The dessert glass was an odd shape and the spoon didn't fit all the way! If you wanted to retain your manners there was 1/4 of the dessert you were unable to reach. Manners were tossed out the window :)I agree fully with the 3 stars this place has averaged for itself. I made the mistake of trusting some friends over trusting yelp. I could have done much better that night but this was A-OK and tamed the craving. We felt very rushed towards the end of the dinner to pay and get a move on. We were there in plenty of time to eat and leave before closing had this place operated at a normal pace.Just remember.. if your friends had good taste.. they would be yelpers :)
4	One of my favorite indian restaurants.  I have a half dozen indian coworkers and it is also one of their favorites.Lunch typically has a plate of salad, rice, bread.  Orders diverge depending on main dish based on lamb, chicken, or vegetables.   Plus a bowl of a lentil soup.Been there once for dinner with a group of 20 people.  Food was served indian family style and kept coming until everybody had enough.Outdoor seating is nice (before weather turns to hellacious) and is well away from traffic although a little too close to a large parking lot.  Still very nice.
3	Food is great...service is not-so-great.  If you can handle waiting for a while for your food, water, and the check, then this place is good.  Ambience is okay--not really fancy, but the food is good.  They have a belly-dancer on weekend nights, which is interesting, a bit weird actually and it's loud so you can't hear very well if you want to converse with your own dinner party.
3	I was excited to try Tandoori Times as good Indian good food can be hard to come by here in Arizona.  I was even more encouraged when I walked in and found an almost exclusively Indian (appearing) clientele.  To begin, the service was a little off.  There was maybe 10 people in the restaurant yet we waited a full five minutes or so for a greeting.  When he did come by, he asked if we were ready to order and I looked at him and said, "You know, we might need to look at the menus first."  Perhaps he's used to "regulars."  Anyway, we began with the Onion Bhaji, essentially an Indian version of onion rings, and Raita, a cucumber, potato, mint and yogurt sauce.  The Onion Bhaji looked good in all its fried glory, but was so heavily battered my wife and I both felt ill after trying a few pieces.  You could not taste the onion at all.  Major disaster.  The waiter began to redeem himself by noticing that we had hardly touched it and offered to take it off the menu.  The Raita was fresh and flavorful but didn't exactly fit with anything we ordered and a recommendation of what to eat it with would have been helpful.  We also ordered the Naan and simply put it was killer---hot, light, wonderful.  First score at Tandoori TImes.  My wife ordered the Chicken Makhani and one sampling of the sauce had us both oohing and ahhing at its rich, buttery flavor.  Nothing to say here again but killer.  I ordered the Lamb Korma, and though I found the dish to be decent, it was just very plain when compared to other Indian dishes I have had that just burst with varied bold flavors.  I also asked that it come spicy (6 out of 10) but instead it came with NO spice at all, while my wife's dish came pretty hot and was supposed to be mild.  I wouldn't order again but it may be right up someone else's alley.  FInally, we ordered a plate of rice to accompany our meals.  The rice looked and tasted like it had been sitting around since yesterday (and maybe it was!).  My wife grew up on rice and loves it more than she loves me, so when she frowns at the sight and scowls at the taste of the rice, it is bad rice.  I could justify giving Tandoori Times less than three stars but something tells me another visit may render us happier customers.  I'll try it again, but only one more time before I chalk it up to "just another Indian place" where the food and service simply fall short.
3	The food was excellent.  The lamb chop appetizer was incredibly flavorful, although it was a little gristly.  The bhindi masala is among the better bhindi dishes I've had.  I still can't place the extra spice they put in it.  The saag ghosht was superb, just really an excellent lamb dish.  Tender lamb and mildly spicy spinach gravy.  And of course the chicken tikka masala was solid.And TT serves gajrela, an Indian carrot pudding.  It's been a few years since I've had gajrela.   I still love it.  Service was friendly and speedy.The belly dancing with the sword was unexpected.My only concern with TT is that if that was its Saturday night rush, then I hope they are making it up during lunch.  The place was only 20% full.
4	My wife and I were looking for a good Indian restaurant in Scottsdale and came across Tandoori Times thanks to Yelp.  The reviews were positive, service was question mark.  We were prepared for the wait.  We went on Sat. Night at 6:30 and sat right down.  We were well fed and walking out in just about an hour.  The service was friendly and great.  The Garlic and Onion Naan were great as recommended, so was the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag.  We are locals and like some spice in our food.  We are used to ordering spicy Mexican and it being just right.  We did the same here, "Wow" they meant it.  Loved it, but had a nice sweat going.  We were told after that mild is a 5 on spice meter, what we had was 8 out of 10.  You might try mild first trip.  I did not give 5 stars due to that being a rare mark, for off the chart experience, like the old Sea Saw or Binkley's.  We left with a great dinner experience and a take out menu.  We will go back, maybe mild next time.
4	Maybe I was lucky; Maybe I was just too desperate for a good Indian meal; I don't know, but my experience here was fabulous.  I can't in good conscience give it a 5 star rating because I know of better places in CA, but - on a scale of 'Phoenix area' Indian places, this would get a 5 star rating no problem. I've been looking for a good Indian place for over a year, and I saw this place over a year ago, but decided it was too 'fancy', and could not rationalize a good Indian place in such an upscale, suburban setting. So I kept passing it up.   In the meantime, I've been to Mesa, Tempe, and Chandler in search of the solution, Most times, I don't even walk in the door ... I'm sorry, but - as a lone diner, I'm not interested in being the only patron at 7pm, plus what does that tell you about the food if no one is there?  I walked into TT at 7:30pm on a Friday night and it was busy!  That was a big plus.  And most of the patrons looked Indian - another big plus. For some reason I'd gotten it into my head that this was a fancy spot, but in fact, the interior is simply 'nicely done'.  Head and shoulders above most Indian places for sure, but - definitely not stuffy or over-fancy.  Many people have mentioned the incredibly slow service.  My waiter is maybe a yelp reader, because he told me - "these Tandoori appetizers shouldn't be called appetizers, they should say, '20-30 minutes to cook'".  He suggested I get my tandoori appetizer at the same time as my main dish - good advice. I had the goat curry, which was outstanding, and the tandoori lamb chops - which was not perfect - way more pieces than I imagined, but thinly sliced, and not as juicy as I had hoped.  The rice was absolutely perfect - basmati rice with some whole cloves dotted throughout. The naan bread was also perfect - really, really perfect, and made the meal a perfect treat. Just as my meal arrived ... boom ... the music got loud and out jumped ... a belly dancer!  This was NOT what I was in the mood for, and at first I felt the evening was ruined ... but - she was good, and really 'worked the crowd' as it were, and made an effort to engage everyone. Some tables got up and danced with her, leading to a rather festive atmosphere. Overall, a plus, but I'm glad it was only one reasonably short session. In summary - good food, nice place, nice atmosphere, and head-and-shoulders above anything else I've found in the Phoenix metro so far (eastern edge - I don't get over to the west).
3	I have eaten there a couple of times.  Nice, friendly staff, good reasonably priced food. One time I ordered a meal that was so HOT (spicy), it was almost uncomfortable to finish eating.  Other than that, good experience.
4	Great food... loved the chicken curry. Although relatively low on spices to tone it down a little, it had all the flavors that I would get back in India. Was completely surprised with the belly dance. Was pretty neat and a nice show. Overall excellent food and really close to authentic. Would love to come back!
1	Hello, I've been an old customer since they were located on Indian school. I've been going to tandooori times for past 6 to 7 years but never experienced such a bad customer service from restaurant owner. We were waiting by the bar and the table opened up so we move forward to be seated and another customer grabbed the table without asking anyone else. The ppl worked  there couldn't speak up so we ended up getting a table in the corner. At this point we were waiting there for 45 mins. On top of that another server grabs our food and serves another table. Waiter came and apologized and brought our food out 15 mins later. I ordered vegetarian dish and she comes out with non-veg dish. At this point I'm furious and asked for the food to be waived. Our server calls the owner and he said, "I don't serve free food to my own parents". Denied to give us free food after the whole hoopla and time that was wasted. Me and my husband used to be huge fan and even though my food was served with hair in it once and i let that go BUT this made it all WORST! The owner doesn't know how to treat customer. Do not waste your time and money!!!
5	This is definitely the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix. The tandoori chicken and aloo tikki wraps are to die for. You cannot go wrong with this place!
5	After my first good experience, I've been back at least 5 times.  Each time, the food has been awesome.  The Friday special 'goat curry' is great, and the saturday special beef stew is also great.  The rice and naan are always perfect, and the condiment they bring out with the papadums ( a ginger based pickle) is fabulous.  The service one night was laughably bad - really, really bad, and other nights, not perfect. But - the atmosphere, decor, and FOOD make it a real discovery.
3	Good food. We have had a lot of Indian food in Montreal and in the UK. This one is above average by international standard s. The service though is a bit disorganized and I would the belly dancer and the loud music for something more quaint. But overall worth repeat visits
5	The food here is delicious. GOA Prawn CurryTandoori ChickenLamb Tikka MasalaGarlic NaanTandoori Shrimp appCocktail Samosa appLamb seekh kabob appSlow service, but that's how most of the Indian restaurants I know are. Authentic, salty, tamarind chutney on point.
4	My boss took me out to lunch here once, and I was very pleasantly surprised at the flavor and price of the lunch specials. Mostly everything I have tried at Tandoori Times has been good. The naan is so fresh and warm, and when you request spicy, that's what you get. Enter the mango lassi, which is really good. It helps cool your mouth when you're eating something fiery.The only thing I have a complaint about are the tandoori appetizer wings, as there was less meat on them than I have seen on any chicken wing, plus it was WAY too spicy. I also felt like $10 was way too much to ask when you have to basically get your nutrition from the dish by sucking on bones. But, hey...who am I to judge, right? Had they toned the flavor just a bit on that dish, I might have given it another try. However, bleeding from my esophagus is not how I'd like to spend my lunch hour. Aside from the wings from hell, I love Tandoori Times. It is authentic, affordable and right around the corner from my job. 4 stars.
5	LOVE this place!  Very beautiful decorations, and they have belly dancing on Friday nights.  Very reasonably priced considering the ingredients that it takes to make Indian food.  The only thing I didn't like about their dinners is that you have to order the rice separate from the entree.  But still very good.  Try the Samosas!
5	Thoroughly impressed with this place. We were in for dinner on a Wednesday and the dining area was crowded and vibrant. The decor is better than average for an indian restaurant. The service was superb and he was honest with his opinions. He told us not to order a certain dish. The food was awesome and the complimentary chai tea warmed me on the cold night... I strongly recommend this place. Not too expensive considering the location.
4	My friend suggested that we start our Saturday night here before heading out to other Halloween festivities. Besides feeling completely out of place in our Halloween costumes we had a great time;-) It's a pretty low key place and it sits towards the back of this shopping complex so unless you know where you're going you would never find it. We had a great experience since my friend personally knows one of the owners. We sat on the patio and started off with drinks and hookah and we were given some great suggestions for food. I decided to go for the chili prawns and garlic naan and a side of the basmati and saffron rice. I'm still drooling thinking about this food, it was so fresh and flavorful, I couldn't stop eating!!! The sauce the prawns came in...MAN was it tasty! After hookah, drinks and this delish food my girls and I got up danced a bit with the resident belly dancer inside of the restaurant! Overall it was a great experience, we felt like we were part of the family! Great service, great ambiance and perfect for dates or family night. If I lived closer I would definitely be a regular!
3	We started with Aloo Tikki. It was good but I don't like one of the spices in the garbanzo beans, The Aloo Tikki last week in West Palm, Fla, was infinitely better. I had chicken korma which again had that taste I am not too keen on, similar to nutmeg or cloves, which I have not noticed in any korma I have ever had previously. The korma sauce was very thick and I liked it but it was much thicker than the usual korma sauce in most other places and although it was good and certainly quite different, I think I prefer the usual consistency. But it is nice to have something different for a change. The onion naan was possibly a little underdone and slightly doughy, though it too was good and i suspect it was not so much underdone as that this is the way it is served at this restaurant. What was over was taken home and certainly thoroughly enjoyed the next day so it's fair to say I would recommend this restaurant. My chief complaint would be the noise. When we walked in we were pleased to see that there were many Indian customers, always a good sign in an Indian restaurant. But it was noisy and the most noise came from a crying baby. This is not the baby's fault - I wish people with very young children would have the decency to do what I did when my kids were young... leave them at home!! Many people say that if you can't afford to leave at least a 15% - 20% tip then you can't afford to eat out. I think if you can't afford to find a babysitter so you can enjoy your evening and in particular so you can NOT spoil the evening for others, then PLEASE stay home. As usual, the people with the baby were impervious to its crying, they were obviously so accustomed to it that it does not bother them. I am not sure whether to hold this against the restaurant. they could have asked the people to take the baby outside until it settled, but it was cold outside and I wouldn't want to make them do that to the kid. It's a difficult situation for the resaurant but if I go again and the same thing happens again I will mark it down as a family restaurant and keep away when I don't want to deal with the noise of babies crying.
4	Ate lunch there after about a two mile walk from the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch.  Very good food.  Reasonable prices and a lunch menu with various specials for each day of the week.  Complementary chai.Waitress was very pleasant and helpful. The restaurant was quite clean as were the bathrooms.  Would recommend.Lunch menu choices were limited to six entrees.
3	This was the first Indian restaurant I have ever been to, as it was recommended by some friends.  They do have belly dancer on Saturdays, which definitely was not part of my plan for the evening.  The music was extremely loud and annoying, since we were sitting right below the speakers playing obnoxiously loud music, we asked to be moved to a different table, which did not help, fortunately it only lasted a couple more songs.They do offer variety of Naans in the menu, and I asked if we can have a platter to try different versions, and the waiter said they do not offer platter type assorted Naans; pretty annoying as time went by and i saw that they do offer a platter with variety of Naans.  I guess my fault, I should of read the multi-page menu.  I wish they had pictures in the menu, which will help if not familiar with the cuisine.We ordered the yellow curry and chicken wrap.  Chicken wrap was just a wrap; nothing special.... Yellow curry was cold, not even room temperature, but cold;  wasn't too happy about it.Prices are reasonable, can't expect more.  I really liked the variety of spices in the rice.  definitely new to me.
4	I really liked this place. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the waiter, who was EXTREMELY nice, was a bit inattentive. We had to wave him over quite a few times. The staff was extremely friendly, the music was nice and ambient, not too loud at all (I went on a weeknight, when there is no belly dancer or loud music). The food was really good, and this is coming from a picky eater who is not a huge fan of Indian food. The dessert was AWESOME, and overall, for the enormous amount we ordered for 2 people (I have plenty of leftovers!) the price was fairly good. I was surprised at how low the check was. I will, say, though, it was a little hard to find. It's off in the back corner of the complex.
4	Go with the Lamb Lunch special here. Chicken is also acceptable. You will not be disappointed!
3	Indian food is not my favorite but I think this is the best place for it in Scottsdale.  I really love their chicken tikka masala.  I also think they have great naan and I like that they have a variety of flavors.  Excellent chai tea which is free and unlimited.  They have lunch specials, which is also nice.  Or you can order anything off the dinner menu all day but you will have to split it with someone because the portions are huge!
4	Last night  I craved Indian food and logged on to Yelp for help. My very favorite place is 18 miles away and I wanted something nearby.  I found Tandoori Times and arrived there at 8PM.  I couldn't believe that at 8PM there were 10 people ahead of us waiting for a table. " A good sign "I thought or "poor management that can't handle a crowd?"  Someone who appeared to be the owner was busy working to see that everyone got a table quickly.  We got a table in 10 minutes in a small room they have in the rear of the restaurant.  Within 5 minutes we got a waitress and placed our order.  She brought us condiments (a red spicy sauce, coriander chili sauce and a spicy sauce made with marinated ginger bits.   No papadums.  Most restaurants give you papadums.  We missed them.  My order of Chicken Vindaloo was absolutely delightful spiced just as I requested HOT.  Our double order of bread came hot and delish(we don't eat rice).  My husband's Lamb Tikka was generous and nicely done.  During our meal, the belly dancer started her act.  This meant that the loud music would soon begin.  AND I MEAN LOUD.  I don't know if it was that we were in that small room, but my eardrums were about to burst.  There was no relief until we ended our meal.  The belly dancer could not be seen from our room so we stood up to peek at what was going on.  It was an attractive young lady, dressing in belly dancing garb dancing to Indian pop music.  Not really belly dancing.  (I've done belly dancing myself.)  Next, dessert.  I ordered the Kheer.  It was absolutely amazing.  It was creamy with sliced almonds and raisins.  Probably one of the best I've had anywhere.  I gave Tandoori Times 4 stars because the music was too loud and it kind of spoiled the experience for us.  Other than that the food is really authentic and delicious.  I hope that the management will consider toning down the music at least for the poor people in the back room.  I would never accept a seat in that room when I return.  AND, I will return.
3	Service was good, food was good, the dancing and music was atrocious, i couldnt enjoy the food due to the ridiculous music volume...other than that, pretty good...they were nice when they brought out my birthday cake.
1	I have been a regular for years and I really like the place.  But last night was a disaster from start to finish.  The waiter had no business being a waiter.  The food took quite a while and came out lukewarm.  All of it.  The main dishes, the rice and the nan.  I made them aware and they brought back another round of dishes they claimed to be fresh, not just original dishes heated up.  Same temperature and virtually no spiciness.  We are usually asked how spicy we like our food.  The waiter never bothered to ask us.It was as if the place changed ownership and the new team was that day trying to figure out how to cook and run a restaurant.  I made management aware and received 10% off the bill.  Still not sure when or if I'll be back.
4	Great Indian food... Much better than usual Indian places- coming from an Indian !!
2	2 stars for good food but crappy service. I was raised on Indian food, and know what I like. I heard that Tandoori  times was a great restaurant, so my boyfriend and I decided to eat there a few weeks back. I had been looking for a new Indian restaurant and was excited to try it out.  The restaurant was busy, and we waited about 5 minutes until a table was available.  We were seated on the patio behind a pillar (bad idea). Our server came over after a few minutes to take our drink order.  He came back with our drinks, and we were unsure as to what we wanted to order for dinner but we ordered the aloo tikki to start. The appetizer took a long time to come out (about 20 minutes) and our server didn't come back to take our order until shortly before our appetizer arrived.  We ordered the bengun bhartha and chicken curry with garlic naan. Another 20 or so minutes went by after we were finished with our appetizer before we saw our server again. He set our dishes down and asked if we wanted anything else. I asked if we could have a side of rice because I just guessed that he had forgotten it, or it was on its way as all Indian places I have been to serve rice as an accompaniment to dishes. I told my boyfriend I didn't want to eat my meal without rice, so I waited about 10 minutes.... no rice... our server continued serve other tables and walk away before my boyfriend could flag him down. Finally, I decided to not let the already mildly cool food get colder, so I reluctantly began eating. The curry tasted great and was well spiced.  I also loved the bengun bhartha (I have only found one place that makes it the way I like it). After we were done eating the two dishes, the server finally came over (no rice in hand) to ask how our meal was.  My boyfriend politely asked for boxes, our rice to go (since they seemed to be still cooking it), and the check.  We waited another 5 or so minutes to get our bill, and the server says, "don't worry about the rice.... it's on me"  WHAT?? WE ACTUALLY HAVE TO PAY EXTRA FOR RICE???? My boyfriend got up and went looking for the manager. He spoke to the hostess and found out the manager had stepped away, but she called and spoke to him. My boyfriend explained our experience, and how it was our first time dining there. The manager said that we would either wait for him to return, or the hostess could take 15% off our bill.  Not wanting to wait any longer for anything else, my boyfriend just asked for the discount. The food was great, but the service was crap. Absolute crap. Unfortunately, due to that first impression, I don't want to go back.
3	This is the only India restaurant in AZ that doesn't disappoint. We have been there a few times and the Seekh Kababs and Chicken Tikka have always been excellent. The food takes a while to come out, but then it is fresh food. Fresh food takes time. The service is good. Went there with kids once not realizing that they have belly dancing - that was embarrassing. Take out food has been disappointing as well. Now we always dine-in, avoid weekends, and make sure we have plenty of time to wait for enjoy the good food.
1	I bought some frozen Indian entrees from Sunflower Market and it reminded me of the time I ate here. My boyfriend's parents were in town for Spring Break this year and I had been wanting to try this place out for quite some time, so the four of us grabbed an early dinner after watching the A's beat the White Sox.I should have known it was going to be a poor experience when we drove up and saw how "fancy" the outside was. Our waiter was rude, and when taking our order he dropped the (empty) tray once. There were only a couple of other tables with people at them, so it was pretty loud. When our food came, the waiter dropped my plate on the table, and my food got all over the table, my shirt, and even my purse. He brought me napkins a few minutes later so I could clean up his mess, and dropped his empty tray yet again. It took him forever to bring us the bill, or extra Naan, or anything we ordered. Each time we waited, I looked over at the bar and he was just standing around drumming his fingers.The food was very bland. Even with a ton of heat/spice, the blandness overpowered everything. My boyfriend's mom is not picky at all, but she could not eat her food. The only reason I'd even give this place one star is the mango Lassi was delicious, the naan was good, and my boyfriend and his father really enjoyed their huge Taj Mahal's.
1	I give up.  I once loved the food and service here but both have deteriorated to the point of no return.  At least my return.  Once you get past the lackluster service you get mutter paneer with peas tasting like they just came out of a can and chicken tika masala so bland I didn't ask for cartons for the leftovers.  Serving the tika masala at near room temperature didn't do it any favors.  Go find Indian Paradise in the airpark, while they don't have belly dancers they have cricket on the tv and truly terrific Indian food.
1	Not a good experience at all !!!We arrived early to a less than full restaurant and the Host tried to set us at the worst table available.  The food took a long time to arrive and when it did it was a disappointment, the lamb curry was OK at best but the chicken tika was dry and flavorless so I sent it back and they did remove it from the check.  The garlic nan was not very good either.... I've had better from Trade Joe's.The music was so loud I couldn't wait to leave.   I was surprised the restaurant did fill up by the time we were leaving.Based on my experience I have no plans to return and would not recommend it.
3	Having been a big fan of Tandoori Times when it was in Old Town, I expected the same quality at this location, and was somewhat disappointed.We were there just after opening on a Sunday.  There was only one other table occupied, yet service was pretty poor.  Undoubtedly the kitchen was extremely slow, but the server was not much better.As for the food, same great flavor I remember for the most part.  The chicken vindaloo should have been called potato vindaloo, however.  Very little chicken was to be found.  Also, the garlic on the naan was extremely bitter.  As the naan was slightly charred, I assume the garlic had slightly burned.  The price point on both the naan and rice seemed a little high (I believe it was $2.75 for the naan and a similar amount for a small cup of rice).  Charging for rice seems overkill here.  The entrees are not that cheap to begin with.  It's the old charging for chips & salsa debate I guess.Overall, an average meal, but I'm hoping it was an off day.  Will try again sometime.
5	This place is a rare find in the heart of Scottsdale. If you love delicious Indian, great service, lively ambiance, then you'll fall in love with TD just as I have! My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Marsala, Lamb Vindaloo, Paneer Makhani, and their garlic naan (the best naan I've ever tasted). If you enjoy super spicy, make sure you request the chef's spicy! You may be disappointed if you don't request extra spicy. Every Friday and Saturday the exotic spicy cuisine is paired with its spicy, exotic belly dancers. I highly recommend checking this hidden gem out.
2	I concur with a lot of these reviewers....food is great and reasonably priced but the service does not invite you to return.  My date and I were sat in a tiny back room to sit by ourselves.  They should have let us know that was the only available table and asked if it was okay.   The belly dancer enjoyed dancing, but it was obvious she didn't enjoy doing this in front of people.  She has the power to set the tone of your dining experience, but  she hopped around without giving any eye contact and seemed to rush by the tables and didn't step foot into our room.  When ordering, the server provided no help in making a decision.  His response was as if everything was mediocre...he was not excited about what he was selling.  Next time, I'll do take out.
5	I fell in love with Indian food after going to this place.  I go there on all my "special occasions".  Birthdays, holidays, & last year I even went for valentines day.  The food there is so unique & good.  I end up getting 3 different meals just so I can keep trying new dishes.  The tandoori chicken is my favorite dish.  They also have this mango drink that is amazing! I have to have one every time I go.  Such a yummy place to eat!  Gosh even writing this review makes me want to go again. It doesn't get much better if you're looking for good food.
4	Great food.  Avoid the booths they are the most uncomfortable seating I have ever experienced.
5	This place rocks, coming from England and knowing what real good Indian food tastes like YOU CAN NOT DO BETTER THAN THIS PLACE. Prices are very reasonable and the staff are great. MUST GO if you want real good authentic Indian food.
4	Really great naan. Have only had fish and veg dishes but never had a dish that wasn't really good.
2	My husband and I went there for lunch on a Sunday. The food itself was  good but the service was indifferent. Many Indian restaurants bring out some complimentary papadams before even ordering. No such luck here. Pretty much the only thing that was free was the water and condiments. We tried this out after having had good luck at a couple other Indian restaurants in the area. We will be going back to those places and not returning to Tandoori Times.
3	This was our first time going to Tandoori Times.  The atmosphere was pleasant and I thought it would be more crowded than it was.  The good: the food. Food was great. I had the goat curry which was their Friday special, and it was wonderful.  My husband who doesn't like most curry dishes stuck with the tandoori chicken which was wonderful as well. A side of pesto naan rounded the meal out.  No complaints about the food at all.The bad: the service.  Our waiter was very polite and friendly the few times we saw him.  He brought us menus and then left us waiting for 15 minutes before coming back to take our order.  He then disappeared for most our meal. We had to ask another server to track him down to get our bill.  Needless to say our drinks were not refilled.  We also waited a very long time for our food.The ugly: the belly dancing.  Actually it wasn't the bellydancing. More specifically the dramatic rise in music and the incessant finger chimes of the dancer grew to be irritating.  The dancing was fun to watch in the beginning but became tiresome after first few minutes.  It was impossible to chat without shouting at my husband.Good place. Prices were reasonable and the food was good. But the service needs some work.
5	I love Indian cuisine.So much so, that if I see a sign from the roadway advertising Indian Food, I'll veer across three lanes of traffic, driving as though I'm Vin Diesel's stunt double in those "Fast and Furious" movies, all in an unashamed effort to sample their worldly delights.Well, Tandoori Times is just one of those places. When I'm in the mood for Indian, I will typically run other drivers off the road, push mothers with strollers out of the way, and knock the legs out from under old folks, on my way to TD.And all for one menu item. The Bengun Bhartha. This eggplant dish is so glorious, it's as though it was passed down from the Garden of Eden's secret recipe book, which Eve presumably stole right along with that apple.All the other menu items are good if not great, but as I say, the eggplant is one of those dishes that makes me fantasize about it while I'm eating my wife's homemade cooking. I hate to admit it, but TD has made me a food philanderer. As far as service, ambiance, and everything else, who cares. When you love something as much as I love their eggplant dish, the waiter could have servers Alzheimer's, my table could be in the middle of the parking lot, and that idiotic Indian music could be blaring faux  Barry Manilow. I simply don't care.Just give me the eggplant, some chai tea, and a guest who hates Indian so I can snag all the leftovers.
4	I eat my fair share of indian food and I gotta say..this is probably one of the best. Their masala has a smokey flavor to it that is amazing!  Good selection of indian beers and a nice happy hour menu.  Customer service was excellent.  We will definitely go back.
3	I'm from the bay area land of all things good eats, so I'm always leary about trying new places in Phoenix. I tried this spot on my birthday because I really wanted indian food, but specifically because the website said they had belly dancing entertainment.  Drove all the way there to find out belly dancing only happens Friday and Saturday...bummer! Ok so food...it was hella spicy and I like spicy food. But my children couldn't eat it. Everyting was one note of spicy so it was hard to enjoy the good flavors. Worse off is you didn't have much to wash it down with since there are no refills on drinks, but thank heavens for the HOT chai table at least.  To top it off I think the prices are wayyy to high as you have to order everything, rice and naan are not included wih the meals!! Every other indian spot I've been to that is standard. Overall the ambience was quaint but I'm sad to say I've had better and didn't have to spend over $60 for tandoori chicken, spinach paneer, samosas, and pesto naan!!!
5	The food is awesome. Atmosphere is nothing special, but decent.
2	This was my first time visiting Tandoori Times.  After seeing it advertised on Groupon, I thought I'd give it a try.  My friend and I decided to go for lunch to celebrate her birthday.  It was very busy, which was promising.  The waitress was on her second day working there and was unfamiliar with the menu, but she was friendly.  The house salad was mediocre, the entree (Algoo Gobi) was delicious, but the desserts were AWFUL.  The "mango" ice cream was a neon orange and tasted nothing like mango, or any flavor of ice cream Id ever tasted actually (kinda vanilla, kinda puke).  YUCK.  The rice pudding was not worth eating either.  The worst part of the experience was being followed out into the parking lot, after leaving the Groupon and cash tip, to be told that we needed to come speak with management about not ordering at least $40 worth of food!  Really?  I told the waiter that we had spent just over $30, and we obviously didn't expect any cash back from the $40 Groupon.  He said his manager was "fussy" and wouldn't like it.  I basically told him that was too damn bad, and that I wasn't ordering $10 more in food; I was actually kinda saving them $10! He finally figured out what I was saying and left us alone.  I did end up calling the manager though, who was not pleased to hear about our experience with the dumb waiter. I don't foresee returning there.
5	I took fellow yelpers' recs and ordered naan and bengun bhartha while my bf ordered chicken korma. It was all incredible! I've been apprehensive about Indian food after a couple bad experiences 10+ years ago, but Tandoori Times has changed my perspective 180 degrees! I cannot wait to go back! Plus, a majority of the customers tonight were South Asian Indians so you know it's truly good Indian cuisine.
4	Best Indian Food there is. I get the Chili Prawns every time with the potato naan bread. If you like spicy, get Chili Prawns or Chili Chicken. It's perfection. I crave their naan bread daily. Only complaint is that the service is pretty slow. Our waiter was VERY nice and friendly which made up for the slow service. The bellydancer....kinda awkward. Some people we were with were into it, but it was uncomfortable and I basically wanted her to leave our table alone. haha. Honestly, it's more like a stripper dancing in front of you as your trying to have a nice romantic dinner with your boyfriend...what a treat! :P Go during the week to avoid the awkward dancer with abnormally loud music. But the food is worth everything else and i'm giving this 4 stars for the food only. We drive from Gilbert to Phoenix all the time for this place. The drive is worth it! :)
4	Have been there 3 times now. We had two of the smaller happy hour apps to start, samosa and the shrimp. Both were great. Happy drink deals were good, had the vodka lassi, good and inexpensive. For dinner we had the tikka masala lamb and coconut chicken, tried a variety of their naan, all were fresh and delicious, favorite is still the plain naan but you can't go wrong with any of them. Service was excellent, really made us feel like they were grateful that we were there. Recommendation: go durning happy hour and start off with a couple apps and drinks. Being Indian cuisine, most of the dishes have a fantastic spicy flavor; unfortunately my wife doesn't share this same sense of taste, you can request that they keep the spice to a minimum if you can't handle it.
1	They served us stale rice.  Average main dishes, not as flavorful.  Not enough meat in the lamb dishes.  Overpriced.
1	I left my iPhone here and one of the guys there stole it literally! I went there to collect and they denied it, i sat there from noon till 4pm till that person who served my table arrived and after too much struggle he accepted and gave me my phone. He was lucky I did not hand him to the cops. Never ever go there again, totally untrusted staff.
3	My first experience with Tandoori Times amounted to a combination of poor service, but excellent food.
4	Went to check this out with a groupon. Food was fantastic. Service excellent. I would go back for sure. A pleasant surprise.
3	I like this place. I wouldn't say it's the best Indian food I've ever had, but it's close by and very convenient for me to get to and has some good options. I really enjoy their wraps, an easy and quick eat that's also delicious. I really like their naan choices too, lots of different flavors, very tasty. I like to get their tandoori chicken, pretty good - not the best I've ever had, but still, if I want tandoori chicken, I don't have too far to go. Definitely a good location. Prices are okay - in my experience Indian restaurants always seem kinda pricey; and the charging extra for rice is normal, though I don't care for it. I mean really, who isn't gonna need rice with their paneer?I think the one complaint I have is the service. It doesn't matter when I go there or how crowded it is or isn't - the service is always slower then I'd like. And it's a different waiter everytime - so I don't get that.Still, worth going to on the ocassion I am craving Indian food.
4	Amy, our server was very attentive and pleasant.She was wearing this pretty blouse and I asked about it,and she told me the owner's mother sells them on Fridays (?).Def going to check that out next time. I really hope they have itty bitty sizes for me.Food:Nan was overcooked, the bottom side was burnt.Chicken Tikka Masala: seasoning, texture, and consistency of the dish was excellent. Chicken was just a tad try but overall, great flavor.Would be more awesome if they sliced up the chicken into smaller cubes to give flavor consistency.Recommended esp for ppl who don't like spicy. Its very "umami" : )I enjoy the creamy touch this place gives to it, shich distinguishes this place from other places.Seasoned rice: came out warm, cooked just rightSamosas Choley: Non-spicy dish. I eat it with the red sauce (spicy) to add a lili kick.The exterior was fried crispy just right, and the mashed potato inside were soft and warm. Beans were very well seasoned and cooked, could tell they put time into it.Methi Chicken: I tried this dish for the first time and I must admit I like it quite a bit.Ordered spicy. Have water prepared! (Amy was diligent w/ H20)I wish I could go to this place every day if I could afford to!
3	Dropping down to three stars ... On a recent visit, I saw TWO roaches on the main floor of the restaurant. No one seemed to care, so I got up and stepped on one.  I pointed out the other, and one of the staff killed it, but they didn't seem surprised.  I know that roaches are hard to control, but having two of them wandering about in a busy restaurant just isn't a good thing. Also, our waiter was an overly chatty guy who seems to think we are interested in his voice.  They had some good staff in the past, but I suspect the owner, who likes to get drunk and hang out on the patio, gives me the impression of a guy who would be difficult to work for! The food is still decent and better than anything else I've found, but I'm looking for alternatives ...
2	The food was ok for a top dollar pricing. Service was fine for 4 adults with 2 babies ( Two 18 month old toddlers did not eat or drink and no plates was served) . Each of us had one drink w/ 2 people having refills. Fairly simple service. We were slapped with an automatic 18% gratuity charge as we had 6 people in our party (2 BABIES - NO MESS!!!). - BEWARE!!!  We are confused.... The waiter said its the number of heads and not who eats matters. Advice to stay away from this expensive place that rips off customers.
2	We went here for dinner a couple of days back for a celebration. We first chose to sit at a booth. Those seats were incredibly uncomfortable, the back rests are too thick which makes the seat really small, so we moved to a table. We started with an appetizer -- aloo tikki, which was good, but the chutneys could have been more flavorful. We had baingan bharta (eggplant) which was pretty much burnt and panneer tikka masala which was normal. The breads were good (but the aloo naan was too thick in my opinion) and the veg briyani was pretty ok-ish. The lassis were not bad. While we were waiting for our food, there was a big party with a kid who was just let loose and was running from one table to another. Before we could realize what was happening, he just threw up next to us. His parents were least bothered and just wiped him up, continued eating and the kid got back to running. We were disgusted to say the least and the waiter moved us to another table. But even after they cleaned up the mess, we could smell vomit throughout the time we were there. They should have used a strong disinfectant, i strongly suspect they used only water to clean it. So anyway, we lost our appetite, ate very little, skipped dessert and took the rest of the food home. With mediocore food and bad ambience, our experience wasn't all that good. One star for the service, one star for the panneer dish.
5	I have to say that this is the best and cleanest indian food I have ever had! From the moment we walked in we loved the smells that greeted us and along with the very friendly service I was sold. My husband ordered the Coconut Chicken curry and I the Paneer Makani and three garlic tandoori breads ( I could have just eaten the bread! Super YUM). Everything was as we ordered it and food was stove hot. I LOVE this place and will go there again and again! To all the haters out there, this is good food... COME on!!!
2	The atmosphere here was great. Very laid back and relaxing. The live belly dancer was a nice touch. The food and service in the other hand was not so great. I got the Chicken Biryani (Number 41) and wren brought the food out was impressed with the portion until I found only 4 small pieces of chicken in the mix the rest was veggies and rice. The service was either to overboard or none existent. Asked for a drink and 30 minutes later got my drink but when ordering the waiter asked me 10 times what I wanted when I told him I needed some time. Overall atmosphere is a 5 star food and service 1 star....
4	"When they drink dey rum, dey only want roti, aloo with channa, mix up with some curry" wish they would play more chutney on the radio. Anyway, back to the review....This is the closest thing Arizona has to a good Guyanese (or Trini) curry. Since there isn't Guyanese roti shop (that I'm aware of) in AZ I make do with Tandoori.The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. The staff always friendly and accommodating. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the belly dancing when I'm eating. Makes me feel like i'm in a strip club when they're people sticking money in the dancer's sari. I love the fact that there are always Indians eating here, that's a good sign.You wait a little longer for your food but that means it's fresh. It's not fast food so if you can't handle the wait, go to mc donalds. This is not a food factory. I always get the tikki masala with the Aloo naan. It's good and it faintly satisfies my cravings for curry with roti or dahl pouri. Tandoori's version of Roti is some chip thing not a west indian roti, so if you're looking for that get the Naan. The only thing missing was some rum haha.  The portions are very generous so if you're on a diet.... be prepared to slip up.Prices are great, I believe a dinner for 2 with no alcohol, is around $35, very affordable for fresh cooked food.
4	Yes please.  Nice interior, casual yet elegant.  Well priced menu with many options!  Food is delicious!  Really wonderful naan (FYI bread).   Tandori chicken is great & available in all white meat.  Vindaloo chicken almost the best Cesars had ;)  make sure use the green chutney!!!  if Indian cuisine is new to you the staff was also r eally good with menu suggestions and serving size.
2	I have to start with the garlic nan. My favorite part of indian cuisine is the nan. We oredered 2 orders of garlic nan and it was burnt. Not just a little over cooked, the whole bottom of each piece was black charred burnt. Completly ruined the meal.  The Tiki Masala and Vindaloo were both good but for the price...I can get just as good and bigger portions just about everywhere else. The prices were really over the top. You pay for rice and nan as well regardless of what you order. I did not feel like I had a $50 meal by any means and that is what 2 dishes, one "small plate," nan, rice, and one drink cost us. We were both just full but had I been with a guy or my step father, we would have needed more food for 2. The atmosphere is great, the place looks really clean. The nan was so bad though that it ruined the meal and even if it was perfect, I still would have only given it three stars because the prices are just way more than everywhere else. I had more reasonable meals at the best indian cuisine restaurants in San Francisco!Our server was good, however, after our "small plate" she seemed a little put off that we wanted clean plates for our meals. She did bring them and was nice about it but we shouldn't have had to ask. With all the sauces on the meals, mixing them would not have been good and our plates were clearly very dirty after the appetizer.Won't be back. Just not worth the price.
5	I'm in here for lunch every month or so, and I'm always impressed.  Fantastic food at very decent prices.  It's a great spot to hit if you're craving some Indian food, but don't necessarily want to go the buffet route.  They've usually got a good crowd, but the service has always been top-notch, no matter how busy.
1	POOR, POOR MANAGEMENT!!!!   I had a Groupon voucher for this restaurant, and I tried to use it today with a friend as my guest.  We arrived and I asked right away what the process was for redeeming the Groupon...did they want the voucher now or when the check arrives.  The nice server said, "Now is ok", and I opened the app on my iPhone and she wrote down the number.  She handed my phone back to me, and I showed her that I was going to press the Redeemed button.  No problem!  My friend and  I ordered drinks:  a mango lassi and a diet coke.  The server brought the drinks, and my friend and I continued to make small talk and look over the menu.  Suddenly, the server and a manager were back at the table.  "There's a problem with the Groupon.  When we try to enter the number, it says it's been redeemed."  No kidding!!!  I just redeemed it in front of the server!  The server then apologized because it was her first day, and the manager kept saying, I'm sorry.  I can't apply the Groupon without the Groupon being active.  Then he went on to say that I should call Groupon and have them reactivate this and not to worry because this has happened before...um...is Groupon going to take care of this right now?  I don't think so.  I just wanted to ask at this point...AND THIS IS YOUR CUSTOMER'S FAULT BECAUSE....?????  So there I had pressed the redeemed button in good faith in front of the server so that she wouldn't get in trouble (I've had people thank me at other places because they forgot to ask me to do this, so I just do it now in front of them...ease of anxiety cuz who needs THAT, right?), and I'm now being told by the manager that we'll have to pay cash because he has no recourse with regard to processing the promotion.  GOOD management would have apologized for their establishment's mistake and then filed a claim with Groupon themselves.  but not here.  ...and the very LEAST he could have done was comp'd our drinks!!!!  I think that tab was about $5.  ANY attempt at concession might have led me to just stay, order a meal and work it out later...but I was furious at this point.  WORK IT OUT, BUD!  It's what you get paid for.  Did I mention that our booth was one of TWO occupied when we were seated before this fiasco?   Management here needs to "buy a vowel" before I  would even consider coming back to this place.  GOOD customer service can make ALL the difference when dealing with the general public.  This establishment has, obviously, yet to learn that.
1	Worst service in town. Bought certificate at restaurant.com and was told that we couldn't use it since they don't honor the certificate anymore. I have to get my $ back from them. Haven't tried their food and I will not come here again
4	Went here the other night for dinner. I was worried, because I am a picky eater and have never had indian food before. I had the tandoori chicken and a naan (which is kind of like a pita) and both were really good. On top of that, while we were eating all of the sudden, the music got kind of loud and we were a bit confused. As it turns out, they have a belly dancer that dances there while you're eating. Our server was also very nice. The belly dancing makes it a fun atmosphere, and the food was awesome.
2	have been frequenting TT as long as they've been in the valley, was always happy with service and food. but now I see service going down the tube, had to wait 20 min for drinks order. looks like they prejudice their own, bring out water with no ice without asking :P - some of us drink with ice :) Our server just wanted to rush through, very bad - I do know they have good servers, but inconsistency doesn't help. one bad experience is all it takes for not coming back.If kids have to eat - whatever is on the menu is not good enough in my book.
1	Was highly recommended this restaurant by client.The service was a total miss.The food was okay to mediocre.......way too expensive for what it is.  Been to India several times for business and never seen belly dancing in India. I asked several client friends that are Indian if belly dancing is a tradition. Not one said yes. The belly dancing was a bit annoying and felt slightly uncomfortable with my guests. The dancer was annoyed that no one at my table appreciated it did not tip. She just started to fling her hips closer. I would have flung my naan at her to get the hell away from us.
5	I'm surprised by the low ratings that Tandoori Times has received. We really enjoy coming here, and will often come for family dinners when people come into town. We really enjoy the Belly Dancing. The women are talented, balancing candles, swords, etc. It's something different and it's always fun when someone at our table gets up and dances too!We also enjoy the Hookah Lounge on the Patio. The Patio is a really nice private spot. They have tons of different flavors and the staff is always helpful and attentive. The free Chai is also quite delicious.I love the House Salad, the dressing is really delicious. It is a yogurt based dressing with very delicious spices. I really could eat it with a spoon, but I keep it classy and refrain.I also order the Vegetable Biryani- it's perfectly seasoned and absolutely amazing. It is delicate, a little spicy and really shows perfect restraint. We love getting the Naan. My favorites are:Garlic (Mmmm so well seasoned)OnionAloo (Stuffed with potato)Chii Naan with Cilantro and and Green Chili (Just the right amont of kick)ANDMy husband loves the Keema Naan (minced Lamb)Dishes that are notable (so says my family):Chicken Tikka MasalaChicken SaagTandoori Fish (My discerning Father in Law called it one of the best dishes he's ever had. Many at the table agreed)Also, I forget which but a few of the Lamb dishes are a hit (sorry not that helpful)Tandoori Times isn't a cheap Indian joint, but we don't mind paying for the quality of food and the experience.
3	We actually had a very different experience than we have had in the past last night. We ordered 3 different types of naan, and they forgot the garlic and gave us aloo instead. They made it right, by bringing the garlic, but it took a while.I ordered the *House Salad* and it wasn't as fresh as it typically is.I also ordered the *Vegetable Biryani* rice with no peas, when it came, there were peas. I told the waiter and he apologized, and said we should keep that one and they would make another one. Then he came back a few seconds later and said, actually I need to take that one. I was obviously very concerned at this point that they were going to pick out the peas from my dish. The dish came back a few minutes later, luke warm, with a rogue pea or two. This was very uncharacteristic of our times at Tandoori Times, and I'm hoping it was just an off night. We will be back again, and I have my fingers crossed that it will be a better experience.
4	Back up to 4 stars because the food here is consistently good and their daily specials are really excellent ... the Tuesday Lamb dish is exceptional, and the goat curry on Friday is amazing.  I'm not a big fan personally of the belly dancing, and their pappadum's have gotten worse - just plain now, and seemingly pre-cooked days in advance ... but the food is great, and still better than anything else I can find in Phoenix Metro!
5	Most authentic Indian food outside of India!  I know, because I've been!   Don't let the idea of  exotic food scare you away...there's something for everyone here, even vegetarians and children!  Try the paneer (pressed cheese) dishes or samosas choley if you don't like meat.  Try the chicken or paneer Makhani if you don't like the heat!  For medium-spicy dishes, the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent with a side of rice and naan bread!  If you want a bite of something that'll bite you back with a really great flavor, try the Tandoor Fish wrap!  The key to eating reasonably is to go as a group of 2 or more, get rice and naan and a couple different items to share with the entire table.  You don't have to drink alcohol, but there's a full service bar at all 3 of the Tandoori Times locations and the beer selection is above-average!  This is the original location and offers a great, semi-upscale atmosphere and a nice patio complete with hookah!  Bellydancers join the fun on Friday and Saturday nights.  Decent value if you crave very good quality food, an exotic atmosphere and an authentic Indian experience.  Ok, the bellydancing isn't exactly authentic, but it's definitely exciting!  One of my favorite weekend hangouts...solid 5 out of 5!
4	The lunch specials here are great, especially the vegetarian menu on Fridays. The lunch wrap is always a favorite. The salad that comes with the vegetarian lunch menu isn't that great, but the rice is ok. The meals are quick and spicy and the service is very good.
4	Not an expert on Indian food, my daughter took me, and much to my surprise, I LOVED IT!!! A+
5	Wonderful Indian food!  The best food and service.  Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.  5 stars!
5	Best Indian food in Phoenix/Scottsdale
4	Great food, great atmosphere. Clean. Excellent service. Great food, but I've had better elsewhere. Probably the best I've had around Scottsdale!
4	Hubby and I decided to "eat outside the box" for our latest date night. This is definitely a good place to go if you typically don't have a very adventurous palate! The music was a *tad* loud and our server was on the slow side, but otherwise we had a great experience trying some new dishes. I had the lamb curry and it was very good. Hubby had the Saturday special, some kind of beef (can't remember the name) and it was very good and just a little spicy. The garlic naan and basmati rice were to die for!
4	This place is hard to find and I used to forget it even existed! We finally made it there mid-week. The menu is HUGE! So many traditional Indian dishes- our favorites like Chicken Makhani and garlic naan plus many others. Our waiter was very friendly and had some good drink recommendations off the cocktail list (it was happy hour pricing at the time). The alcoholic mango lassi was delectable. There aren't many Indian eateries in Scottsdale, but this is probably the best (out of the other 2 that I know of). Not a fancy place. Dress casual. Or buy an Indian-style blouse in the front of the restaurant!
1	I figured I would write an update on this review since the waiter reached out and attempted to rebut the points in my review. Unfortunately all it did was change their review from 2 stars to one. The waiter's comments are below. Waiter response to my original review - - - "Hi, i waited to respond so i could look at your check for this day.First i apologize for your experience Lamb Seekh Kabob is served without skewers because they are metal ones and 5' long.We have daily lunch specials which run from $8.95 to $11.95 , its complete lunch and comes with everything. Lunch specials combo of two dishes is only $2.95 additional. We cannot compare Indian restaurant with Chinese restaurant.Tips were voluntary.We will surely look into our prices compared to other Indian restaurants.Thanks"My response to this is...I followed your lead when ordering our meal from beginning to end... I trusted you... if you had options that could have SIGNIFICANTLY reduced our bill, why was there absolutely no mention of this during my 90 minute lunch?!I originally thought the service and food was good, but meal was overpriced compared to what we received. Instead, apparently the service was not good. You seem to have let me pay $13+ for each meal plus an additional $3 for rice and $3 for nan when we could have gotten much more for a lesser price (and likely left very satisfied). We trusted you to guide us to good food, not just good food that would pad the bill at a la carte prices. In the future, you may want to guide your customers to your specials.
5	This is my favorite Indian food in AZ! Super high quality, fresh ingredients and the best flavor in town. Favorite dishes include shrimp or veggie korma, tandoori anything, and a variety of delicious paneers! And the naan is incredible - garlic is my favorite, but I've tried plain, potato and onion, and they're all wow!The atmosphere is nice sit-down restaurant (although the seating could be a little comfier), the service is always friendly and the patio is lovely!! The indoor seating isn't super comfortable, but definitely good enough.Seriously delicious food!
4	The food is simply superb - always tasty.  I often have Sag Paneer and it is really good.  The naan is great, too.  This is a very good place to go with a vegetarian because there are many, many options.When the weather is good, it's lovely to sit on the patio.  We sat there a few weeks ago and while the service was pretty slow, the entire experience was good.  It was Saturday night and they were busy.
4	The Vindaroo and Naan were exceptional. Good portions. It appears they need more servers as it seemed chaotic.  Or maybe a bartender.
2	I'mtypingthistodemonstratetheservicespeed:veryslow.Seriously, 45 minutes for dinner to arrive and after dinner coffee (it was chai tea) took twenty minutes. There were only six of us. Went there to meet friends for dinner. Food was okay. I won't be back.
1	Although the food is great, the service is just too slow.  We stepped inside the door and about five employees saw us and not one acknowledged us.I am not coming back here.
2	Had dinner there tonight. The food was fine. Not particularly distinguished but not bad either. Unfortunately, the service was brutally slow.  It really should not take an hour for food.  Meal was over two hours; no desert.  Sorry but wouldn't go back to find out if this was an aberration. The other reviews suggest its not.
5	Great service. I'm a fan of the Belly dancing on weekends which can be fun when on the patio with enjoyable weather. I also recommend the Prawn Vindaloo if you want spice.
1	The service here was deplorable. I heard several complaints of the lack of service, and I experienced it firsthand. It took 10 minutes to get a menu, and another 20 to get the coke I ordered. How do you forget rice with an entree at an Indian restaurant. I hope the food is excellent, but I doubt it.
2	The worst chicken vindaloo I have ever experienced on three continents. I would not go back to this restaurant. I complained to what appeared to be the owner, who stated the chef would come and see me. I am still waiting.
4	I feel like I'm missing something when I don't come here at least once a week.  love this place!  I can't get enough especially since my friends and I discovered they have a special happy hour menu.  At this point, we don't even need to look at the menu.  I love the chilli naan, chilli paneer, tandoori fish, and samosa.  You might be thinking Whoa...hold on tiger, that's a whole lotta food.  Yes! it is.  I always have leftovers from this place for the next day!  Yum!!!
3	Just bought a groupon for this place because it's in my neighborhood. We went on a Tuesday night when we arrived the place was empty but by the end of our dinner it was almost full. The food was very good, service great until the restaurant filled up. Clearly they were not expecting the rush and unfortunately service almost became non existent, our table stacked with dishes and we had to flag our server for anything we needed including the bill.  Go when you have lots of time!
5	First time here, will be back for sure. Had the lamb vindaloo, chicken tiki, naan sampler and some kingfishers. All amazing. Paulo our waiter was awesome, very attentive and took time to explain everything thoroughly to us ignant white folks. Give Paulo a raise!
3	Service was bad. Come if you're not in any rush (I'm talking over an hour before you get a drink). They also forgot to bring out if appetizers which we were glad of in the end because it may have added another hour onto the wait.The belly dancer gimmick is annoying but I am a joyless swine so it might be your thing. I don't like being worked for tips for something I didn't ask for though and I'm pretty sure belly dancing is not an Indian tradition anyway.Food. I ordered a chicken vindaloo, which is supposed to be spicy but was pretty mild - It was really tasty though so no complaints. The missus got a chicken tikka masala which she enjoyed too. Naan was decent. They also serve kingfisher which is a fine beer.  Best tasting Indian I've had in Phoenix so far.
2	I  have to write that I was disappointed.  The problem may have been the waiter but our appetizers didn't come until 10 minutes later when we had to remind him that it hadn't arrived (he forgot).  He forgot the Channa Masala and we were too far into our meal to ask for it again.  He didn't ask us how hot we wanted our food so it all came out bland without much spice.If you look at my ratings for Indian cuisine, I pretty much love all of it.  By far the best I have found in the Phoenix area is the Dhaba in Tempe.  Here the food was fine but given the alternatives, I wouldn't go back.  The veggies were too mashed together and the Chicken tikka masala sauce was too thick and goopy.  The lamb biryani was good but since they made it so mild, I didn't enjoy it as much as I could have.The atmosphere is cute and more upscale than most Indian restaurants and the mall area is attractive and upscale as well.
1	Came here to meet a friend for lunch and I was very disappointed. We ordered biryani rice (not bad but not great either) coconut chicken, chicken tikka masala, and garlic naan. After waiting 20 min we got our food, the chicken dishes were lukewarm at best and there was no flavor difference between the 2 dishes. I had asked for my masala to be spicy but there was no spice whatsoever! The garlic naan had so much garlic on it that it was like biting straight into raw garlic!!!! We waited another 20 min to get our check since our server was nowhere to be found. I finally had to go to the bar to get the check. Do not come here if you want authentic Indian cuisine!!!!!
5	Value for money - and its not expensive, with top rate quality food - their lunch time menu sets the standard for the rest to follow - Go On - try it, 100% satisfied
5	Tonight's dinner was one of the best meals I have ever had.  The chicken tikki masala was superb and the naan bread was the perfect accompaniment.  We had a wonderful belly dancer with a fantastic body and personality to match!
1	The food is good, but the service ruins it, hence the 1 star.I made dinner reservations for 5 people for 8 pm on Friday, April 18th. We had a movie show to catch at 9.45 pm, but I figured, 1-1.5 hour for dinner should be enough time. Boy, was I wrong. We arrived at 8 pm and 5 of us were seated in a booth for four people. Go figure! After 5 minutes, we pulled a chair for the fifth person. Not a big deal, but you expect better when you make dinner reservations before hand.Anyhow, it took a good 15 minutes for our server to greet us. By this time, we had our entire order ready to be placed. At 8.15, we place the order. Our drinks were served at 8.25 pm. It was just Kingfisher, so I guess we got lucky there. It's 9 pm now, 45 minutes since we placed our order, and our food is nowhere to be seen. We try to get a hold of our very busy, slightly rude or maybe he just had a very dry sense of humor that none of the five people in my party really understood. We told the server that we had a movie to catch at 9.30 and were hoping to get the food asap now. The server tells us that our food is almost here, with no sign of regret. 10 minutes later, it's now 9.10 pm, our food is still not here. My friend and I go over to the counter and ask our server (who is now the bartender?) and he tells us that we are second in line. Second in line 55 minutes from placing the order? You got to be kidding me! Anyhow, very politely we requested him to cancel our order, since we really didn't wanna miss our movie. Then our server disappears. We get hold of another employee outside the kitchen, requesting to cancel our order. At this point, we just wanted to pay for our drinks and get out of there! The second employee then goes in and 5 minutes later, our server comes out of the kitchen with our food. It's now 9.20 pm! Exactly 65 minutes from placing the order, and 80 minutes from being seated. We literally swallow our food and got out of there at 9.35 pm. Of course, we were late for the movie, and got the 3rd row from the front!! To sum up:a) I made dinner reservations.b) Got seated in an undersized booth for 5 peoplec) Waited for 80 minutes for our food. d) Ate our food (which should have been a pleasant experience) in less than 15 minutes.e) Got late for the movie.Definitely one of the worst restaurant experiences!! NEVER AGAIN!
3	Came here while we were in town visiting family this past Saturday night, and I would say without even reading other reviews on Yelp, I immediately thought wow, do they even know we are out here?We had requested outdoor seating, and they put a table together really quick for us, however, no one came to give us menus until we had to run back inside to remind them we were here. The waitress was very nice and helpful, she asked how we liked our food prepared and suggested appropriate spice levels, however, getting our wine, appetizers, food and even the check was a very long process. I don't know if it has to do with kitchen organization or just a lack of needed staff. But do not come here if you are on a schedule. The food is great - no complaints there! It wasn't the best Indian food I've ever had, but it really got the job done. We asked for Chef Hot and it actually came out spicy! We did enjoy it. I recommend the Tandoori Chicken,  Lamb TIkka Masala, Lamb Biryani and Naan!In sum, good food, slow service, a good place to go if you're NOT in a rush to get anywhere after. Also, do not come here when you're on the brink of starvation, because by the time you get your food you might be on the floor.
4	Definitely go on a Friday or Saturday when the belly dancer is here. She is great and really invokes the crowd and kids. I liked the coconut chicken the best. The spicy wasn't that spicy so next time I will try Indian hot. Our server, Joe was amazing and knew the menu very well. The best part was the happy hour. You can get a glass of wine for only $3!!!!!!
4	One of the best Indian places I've been to I'm a while. Authentic, tasty food. It is a bit expensive, but you get a good amount of good for your money, which makes the cost more bearable. I frequently order take out and they are quick and rarely make mistakes. I do wish though that they would remind you to order rice separately-I always forget!
1	What a pathetic food. we went here to celebrate birthday. Ordered biriyani, which is so tasteless not even worth of touching it. There chilli chicken is one of the worst I ever had in my life. We were there before, but looks like it's a rapidly going down. I should say this is the worst food ever tasted in a while. Watch out if you want to venture out into this place.
4	We went for lunch yesterday and wanted to use a Groupon, but we had the dinner one instead. We both ordered from their lunch menu and got wraps. I got the Aloo Tikki (potatoes) which also had lettuce, onions, mint chutney and tamarind sauce. The menu didn't say this, but it also has mayonnaise in it. It wasn't horrible, but I would've preferred not having it. Overall it was great and their naan is really good. I look forward to trying more items for dinner, like their biryani and samosas.
4	Tandoori Times doesn't have a buffet, and I actually thought they had a buffet based on the Groupon description, but they have killer lunch specials.  They have different appetizers, entrees, and desserts everyday on a lowly discounted price of $3-6 per dish.  We were able to order all our main courses off of this menu and went on our way with a great lunch.  The restaurant has great decorations and colorful ambiance as well.
4	I'm shocked I haven't reviewed these guys before! This is my Go-To place for Indian food. Really delicious! Pros- Very good food! I was a newbie to Indian food when I first came here (years and years ago) and now I feel super confident in my ability to order it. You can request what level of spiciness you'd like (scale of 1 to 5) which is nice if you're a wuss like I am! They have bellydancers on the weekends (don't make eyecontact or they will ask you to dance with them lol). The servers are usually very attentive (fill up soda's quickly, can answer questions, you know, the usual). Cons- I guess my biggest gripe would be that they are forever offering a Groupon. The worst part? When I came here last I was with my aunt and she used a Groupon. NOOOOO!!!! I HATE HATE HATE Groupon and Groupon users (sorry Aunt Kris, you are of course exempt because you at least tip on the full amount). I say this with love Tandoori Times as I have been loyal to you since high school, no more Groupon! Honestly it ruins the experience for us loyal full paying customers because suddenly the restaurant is packed with these deal-chasing vultures.
4	We went to Tandoori Times last night as it was the only place we fancied that was open!Only 2 other tables were taken and our service was great. Really friendly server. Food was pretty good. I had the Mattar Paneer and hubby had the Chicken Vindaloo 'Chef Hot'. Also tried the chili naan. All very good. Not the best we've ever had, but very good. Place could do with a good clean. The area under our table hadn't seen a broom or mop in a while. But all in all, we liked it and would go back.
5	I have had quite a bit of Indian food in my life and this has been by far the best. Four of us stuffed ourselves into a food coma. The ingredients were all fresh, the lunch specials such a great deal. The flavors were out of this world. I want to go back soon, I am getting hungry thinking about it. Great service also by the way. They were attentive, friendly, and quick.
2	The atmosphere is really nice and quiet and it smells amazing. The food is reasonably priced and it is good. I think it is definitely authentic but I don't think it was my favorite Indian here in Scottsdale. I had the paneer tikka and samosas. Make sure to go easy if you don't like spicy.
2	Slooooooow Service.  My wife and I have been going to Tandoori Times Bistro in Scottsdale for many years, from when they first opened in Old Town Scottsdale.  We have enjoyed the food but on the last 2 visits the service was extremely slow.  Last time we thought maybe they are having a bad day, or short staffed or whatever.  Went today, August 5th for dinner.  Got there at 7pm, the place was not busy, only 4 or 5 tables were occupied.  We were seated right away and the excruciating wait started.  Our beer order took over 10 minutes to come, our appetizer order took another 20 minutes.  We placed our dinner order right away when the appetizers were served in order to minimize the wait but still ended waiting about 30 minutes after we finished our appetizers. We got there at 7pm and it nearly 9pm by the time we were able to leave.  Not going back till service improves.  They had a nice thing going; sad to see it going down the tube.Response to Sunny.Our server was a male server. He was very pleasant but very slow.  May need some additional training.  Thank you.
5	I love this restaurant! It's hard to find places that are equal parts healthy and delicious AND someplace that kids and hubby and I all love to eat at.  It's even harder to find delicious Indian restaurants that aren't well, kind of greasy.  Tandoori Times is awesome!  Their tandoori chicken is simple and flavorful.  Can be a little tricky to find them though since it's kind of tucked away.
5	Great tikka marsala, and dancers.
3	Other reviewers comments regarding the lackadaisical service were correct, these guys like to "Sunday drive" during the lunch rush.  I got pushed into a goat curry that was twice as expensive as the other lunch dishes and as bone laden as the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini.  These two things aside the other items looked solid and the Naan was splendid.
1	The service absolutely horrible and we thought the food was below average. When we informed the server in regards to our experience, he made excuses. We arrived at 8, and no one took our order for 30 minutes, then we didnt get our food until 910. We wasted two hours at this restaurant. We will not return. I would much rather go to passage of india or guru palace in the east valley. The server actually brought an item that we requested when we were done with our meal, then he turned around and blamed me. Who brings an item at the end of the meal. Very embarrassing. It is a friday night and it was not that busy for a friday night so I don't understand why such bad service. The saddest thing was that the server said one of our items was given to another party because another server picked it up, but then the waiter never came to tell us excuse me sorry we made a mistake, I am taking care of it. Instead, he brought the item at the end when we were ready to leave. There was belly dancing, but we didn't enjoy it because the rest of our experience was below average. The server rarely came to check on us. This place has amazing decor and ambiance and its too bad it was ruined by the service and quality of food. They were also selling indian clothing at the entrance which looked really pretty. Its unfortunate it turned out to be a bad experience here. I usually login here to give excellent review, I believe this is my first absolutely horrific experience. Bland food, bad service, blaming the customer, not taking responsibility, this summarizes our night.
1	Wow. How disappointed am I. I placed a takeout order via grub hub, they said it would be ready at 7:15. It is now 7:45 and my food is still not ready. I arrived at 7:10, stood by the bar for 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged my presence. The owner finally acknowledged me, and proceeded to blame grub hub. He never even apologized. I definitely won't be back. Jewel of the Crown is just as good, and at least they aren't rude.
1	If you're Indian looking for authentic food, sorry to disappoint but this is not the place you're looking for. The food is bland, they got the spices all wrong and to be honest I lost my appetite and had an upset tummy for 2 days.
3	Hubby and I wanted to try something different for lunch so we tried TT. It was kind of an odd experience, wondering if it was just an off day. We waited a very long to be greeted and to get menus. We aren't familiar with the cuisine and the menu isn't very descriptive. We asked about some of the dishes and generally speaking, we felt like the servers were sort of coolly detached and didn't offer much info. In the end we stayed safe and chose two chicken dishes (saag and vindaloo). While waiting I went to the ladies room but it was out of order and there was a sign that said to ask for assistance. So, I asked for assistance and was asked to wait for another server. I sat wondering what kind of assistance Id be getting with the bathroom, then a lady walked over and got a key out of the register. She motioned for the bartender to follow her to show him where the bathroom was, too. I then embarked on a journey out the door, across the shopping center, up a flight of stairs and into a vacant office space's dimly lit bathroom. With a restaurant server and bartender in tow. I took care of business and walked back to the restaurant where lunch was waiting.Why 3 stars you ask? Because the food saves this place. It was awesome, I mean really really good. Loved every bite. Perfect? No, but that's why they invented carry out.
4	I haven't been too many different indian restaurants, but food here is always good. I've never been disappointed. I get take out here at least 2-3 times/month. Their garlic naan is really good. They have a nice little patio as well if you're dining in.
3	We had a large group (10 including 3 kids) on a Tuesday night.  We were seated really quickly, but that was the only quick thing all night.  Appetizers took a good 20 minutes (for naan and samosas), and our orders for the main dishes weren't even taken until right before the apps came out.The only thing that saved this place was the food.  I might go back for a take out order, but would go elsewhere for dine-in
5	Tandoori Times is the best indian food in town!!!  We have tried every indian restaurant in phoenix, and always keep coming back to this one.  The food is simply amazing.  Their lamb chops, tandoori chicken, and eggplant dishes are absolutely to die for.  These are dishes that you can find in any indian restaurant, but none come even close to they way they are prepared here.  Its seriously addicting!  If i could  give this place 10 stars instead of 5 i would!!
5	Their nann is so good...  The channa masala and curry prawns were so good! It was my 1st visit and will def go back
5	Friday afternoon lunch. Yummy food, great service. The waitress saw us having problems with decision making and so she took her time to explain our options and helped us figure out what to get. We ended up with two split lunch specials and garlic and regular naan.We ate lamb vindaloo, gobi manchurian, navratan korma, and chicken jalfrizi. Plus some awesome daal! Amazing lunch! Nicely decorated and clean dining area, outstanding service, scrumptious food.
5	A very filling, tasty meal. Chili naan... Awesome. Karahi Paneer, chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala. Kheer, Gulab Jamun, mango ice cream for dessert. Bottle of Pinot noir. I would do the exact same again. I will recommend to all friends...
4	This place is great. Been coming here for five or six years now. Never been disappointed. The service is usually on point. Sometimes I go here on my lunch breaks and other times for dinner. They do hookah on the weekends outside and belly dancing on Friday and Saturday evenings. My favorite meal is the Goa Prawn curry extra spicy, with garlic nahn. I've tried the chicken, goat, beef, and shrimp. The jasmine rice is terrific and a great compliment to your meal. The food isn't greasy and they do a great job with spices and seasoning. There are not a lot of Indian food locations in the valley, but this one is by far my favorite. The location is hidden on top of the plaza, easiest way to access it is by driving to the top level of the parking garage. You will always have great parking if you enter from this point. In fact, you should always park here because it's just easy! Check it out, great for dates or family's. The belly dancing is cool and the hookah is a relaxing occasional treat. I'll update with pictures next time I go. If you have a pallet for ethnic food or wanting to expand your horizons try this place out. A+!!!
1	This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant but not anymore. I was so excited to finally come here with my coworker after trying to schedule lunch for over two months and this is our usual place. We came in at 12:20 and placed our order and my coworker asked for a small side of sauce for the dish that I had ordered. At approximately 1:10, another server came to our table to tell us that our order was somehow lost but they were working on it now. Fifteen minutes after that, the food finally came out. The food, as expected, was delicious. So much so that conversation ceased. Then came the check. First, they charged the full value of a dish ($12.95) for the side of sauce...again sauce for a dish they were already preparing!! Just the sauce cost as much as the dish I ordered. So...we bring it to their attention and request they pay for the appetizer, since we waited practically an hour for it. They come back with a revised check. The sauce...just the sauce...now only cost $7.95!!! For a side of sauce...tomato based curry sauce! Seriously?! I could have just given her my leftover sauce! And the discount we got was 10%. Making for a $40+ lunch for two that took an hour and a half!! With no alcohol!! Where is the customer service? Seriously?!?!!! I won't be coming back!
