4	This is a new restaurant that opened up in the trendy mixed use (residential/commercial) area called Piedmont Row.  Very close to South Park mall.   A very welcomed addition!  Although I stopped in at lunch time, they have a great breakfast menu.  Will is great to have another option other than the Original Pancake House in the S Park area.Lunch was great and the service was friendly.  I sat at the bar area and ordered a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  Was cooked perfectly.  Sitting at the bar, you could see the kitchen area and you could tell they were still working some of the bugs out on the computer system and still perfecting the food presentation.  Still, there was nothing that prevented the service and food from being wonderful.I can not wait to get there for breakfast!
4	I visited this restaurant for breakfast and was I in for a surprise. If you are looking for some unique breakfast selections and a very nice atmosphere, check it out. It's a great addition to the South Park area. I had a fine experience with our waiter, food was served quickly and as ordered. I tried the chocolate smore french toast. This plate is huge! Way more than a normal person could/should eat in one sitting. But, maybe a good idea to share. Or perhaps they offer a half size if you request it? I think I will try that next time. It is absolutely delicious by the way, especially if you are a french toast addict like myself. I am always going to restaurants and trying whatever unique french toast offering they have come up with. This one certainly did not disappoint. I also tried some of my husbands grits, and they were to die for.
4	May I vent first thing about Piedmont Row, not Terrace Cafe?  I was all excited about trying TC, I decided to meet  one of my friends for an early lunch.   I hop on my bike, a brand new orange Electra Townie no less and park it in between Terrace Cafe and Dolcetto, two businesses that we should frequent so they can thrive.  Don't you know some man from somewhere does not like my bike locked  to a light post, rats me out to the security guard and there is a ruckus to get me to move my bike.We had already been seated and ordered and our food was on the tray on the way out of the kitchen.  I am in the restroom and  my friend sees them shaking my lock and  looking at my bike, she goes out and they tell her to park it somewhere else.  My friend said, "our food is on the way, can't we move it in a minute?"  It had to be taken care of that instant.    What were they going to do?  Fine me?  Tow my bike?  Jeez.  I moved it, but now I think I should have protested.  WTF?  Anyway, back to the matter at hand.  Terrace Cafe....  When I arrive, I  order some coffee, my friend shakes her head and makes me try her coffee first.  WEAK.  Am I the only person that hates weak coffee in a breakfast establishment?  I don't want cowboy coffee, I just want some decent coffee.  So, I order a latte.  A beautiful latte comes out.  Yeah!!! I vacillate between breakfast and lunch, what a big decision.  Lunch wins, I decide on a half sandwich and 2 soups.  Interesting.  The concept of two soups, why make a decision, have both!!!  Boo, they were redundant.  Two broth soups.  The server said chicken noodle and vegetable.  Maybe it was my Campbell soup upbringing thinking veggie soup was tomato, my bad.   The BLT was thick sourdough bread, one slice was soggy, they were slathered in butter and then barely toasted.  Tomatoes had been in the fridge.  I think they care, but maybe just need some honest feedback.  My server was very nice and sincere and she was appalled that they made me move my bike. Even the security guard thought the guy was crazy too.    Did I mention I had to move my bike to the back of the shops at Piedmont Row near the YMCA?  I will go back to Terrace Cafe, they did have cocktails, so I am going back for breakfast and a bloody mary.  I will park my bike near the Y, so the uptight man can get on with his work and not be bothered with the eyesore of my Townie parked at a light post. GASP.Follow up: went today (2oct) with another friend, we sat at the bar and ordered bloody marys and an order of onion rings.  The bloody marys were fabulous and garnished with bacon, need I say more?Since my return, the coffee was much better!!!
3	Recently I went here for lunch and was optimistic when I saw the menu. I found the food to be good but nothing special and the service to be a bit on the slow side. I will go back, but I won't be a regular.
5	Lunch Spot when in South Park! I was eager to try the Terrace Cafe having gone to school with the guy who now owns it and Ive been promising to try it. I took my grandmother to lunch there on a Thursday around 12pm and walked right in. The front door staff seemed a bit distant and robotic, but walked us to the table up the stairs. We sat overlooking the first level and were approached by our bright and friendly server, Vivian. We looked over the VAST menu and teetered between lunch and breakfast. Both looked Great. We chose lunch. Granny ordered the Hawaiian Chicken Salad-Salad and I ordered the Mighty Corned Beef. Both were of good size when they arrived. Granny's salad was a Large scoop of delicious, Pineapple-laden creamy chicken salad that was Super fresh and light, over top of crisp mesclun greens. I wasn't sure what the dressing was, but it was sent on the side (love that) and granny didn't even use it. My Mighty Corned Beef was just that! A beautiful sandwich of HOT Corned Beef, Chef's Slaw, Russian dressing, on perfectly toasted Marble Rye. Served with Thick Cut Steak Fries, this was a MEAL to write about (that's why I'm doing it). Although we were full, the dessert tray (nothing beats a tray) was brought over. The dessert portion sizes were great, small enough to have a few bits if sharing, and large enough to not feel ripped off! We shared the Blondie and it came out HOT, with a perfect scoop of vanilla and flavorful. Service was perfect, food came out fast, drinks stayed full, it was overall a wonderful time.
4	This place is unexpected... truly. From the outside it is rather unassuming in comparison to the other joints in the Piedmont Circle, Del Frisco's and Brio and George's (soon to open) but once you get inside, it is quite cozy and warm and the food is fantastic.First of all these little biscuits they bring to the table are awesome with the spicy/sweet spread! The servings are more than you need and everything I tried was delish! I really liked the desserts and the coffee was magic...a little pricey but well worth it..
4	S'mores French Toast. I'm tempted to leave it at that, but I guess not everyone is as taken away with sweet and gooey breakfast goodness. It was Sunday morning around 10 and we probably should have opted for a faster meal so as to get on with our 11 hour drive, but we (I?) wanted a tasty breakfast. With Yelp as my guide, we set off to Terrace Cafe. First off, the parking garage is a wonderful convenience, it's not creepy or smelly like some can be and free, as well as perfectly located so finding a spot was stress-free, at least on Sunday morning. I mention this because one of my most common culprits of a ruined day is fighting over parking.The restaurant is a classy, fun cafe, with the restaurant seating taking most of the facility, with a decent bar at the enterance. The bathroom is clean and updated, and oddly well supplied (mouthwash?). The tables are all adorned with NASA issued salt & pepper shakers (or at least they remind me of space travel) and spiffy utensils. Enough about the scenery.The food is what we were hungry for, and a quick glance of the menu led me totally devoted to s'mores french toast. A sweet smell of amusement parks accompanied the three thick slices of fried (unconfirmed) french toast, smothered in marshmallow goo and chocolate sauce topped with graham crackers. I easily removed the crumbles (I'm not a graham fan), and quickly forked in. I savored each bite until I could eat no more. And I was sad. Because there was still one more piece. And I wanted it. It was so good. But I had to leave it, and it made me sad. My fellow breakfasters had Banana Pecan french toast, waffle w/strawberry, and hash browns, all of which they were very pleased (especially the french toast). The coffee was weak/bitter, but they offer espresso drinks as well so that might have been a better selection (though... if they can't get drip coffee right, I don't have tons of hope in the mochas). The service was friendly and prompt, nothing outstanding, but definitely no complaints. Oh, and there was a note in the menu regarding only serving breakfast, I'm not sure if that's just Sundays or weekends.
2	Warning:  Do NOT go here for breakfast.  Dinner is okay but breakfast is probably not a good idea.  I have to say that their mochas are tasty (when they are hot)
5	So, I was down in Charlotte for a couple days for a wedding.  The hotel I was staying at had an overpriced, lackluster breakfast buffet, so I decided to venture out to find food elsewhere.  After reading the reviews here on Yelp, I headed to The Terrace Cafe.Normally when I'm in a strange town, I never eat at the same place twice as I want to try as much of the local scene as possible.  But after going to the Terrace Cafe on the first day, I decided to break this rule and head back on the second day.On the first day, my wife and I were quickly seated.  She ordered the SEC breakfast sandwich, and I ordered the Belgian malted waffles.  Seth, the waiter, said to me "Do you like bacon?"  Which I replied "I'm a guy.  Of course I like bacon."  He then told me that I should try the bacon waffle.  I decided to give a shot.  Now, Seth made it sound like the Bacon Waffle was better than sex.  Poor guy looked so disappointed when I told him it was "pretty good" (That really is a very high compliment from me.)  So, Bacon Waffle not better than sex, but definitely amongst the top breakfast's out there.  Wife enjoyed her SEC as well.  The next day, more relatives arrived for the wedding and we decided to head back to Terrace Cafe, but this time with a group of 8.  Again, we were sat very quickly, and Seth even remembered the wife and I from the day before.  I went with the more traditional Eggs Benedict, and Wife had an omelet.  The eggs benedict were the best I've had in quite some time (It's amazing how the hollandaise sauce can vary so much from restaurant to restaurant.)  Wife thoroughly enjoyed her omelet.Now, as if the main breakfast entrees aren't enough to get you to come to Terrace Cafe, Then consider their sides.  I had their hash browns both days.  Pure fried shredded potato goodness.  Wife had the fruit cup, which she said is the best fruit she's ever had at a restaurant as it included some more exotic fruits.  I wish we had one more day in Charlotte as I really wanted to try the red velvet waffle.  Someone at the table next to us on the first day had it as a breakfast desert (seriously, they both had eggs benedict, which is quite filling, then split a red velvet waffle afterwards.)I recommend this place for anyone in the Charlotte area.  It's traditional southern breakfast with a modern twist.
4	Very family friendly! That counts for a lot in this house. Breakfast is the only meal that we actually attempt to eat out with 3 preschoolers. Last week, the wait on a Sunday morning was almost 45 minutes but once we were seated our server was incredibly prompt and attentive. I was most impressed when my 2 year old ordered a hot chocolate and they brought her a mildly tepid version - kudos for that! The kids menu is simple and priced right - $5. They added chocolate chips to the kids pancakes for$.50. The kids' meals all came with a huge dish of beautiful fruit. My husband ordered an omelet special and it was fantastic. I ordered the banana pecan French toast and it really was too sweet for my taste.Today we had no wait but the service was slightly less fantastic. My husband was served coffee with no cream or sugar and our salt shaker was empty. Our food was excellent but I was ready to bus my own table at the end because my kids were so antsy and the check was nowhere in sight. My husband finally had to give in and just take the kids out while I waited for the check. Still our fave breakfast place - will probably be back soon!
4	We had dinner here last Saturday night. Couldn't decide what we wanted to eat and saw an add for them in Southpark magazine. Oh what the heck.. The place is rather unassuming from the outside. We arrived at around 6:30, and I would say around 40% full. The wait staff is very friendly. The first thing that grabbed my eye, was their wine list. The prices are very competitve! We had a nice bottle of pinot for $38! I saw an Italian wine on the menu that I paid $130 2 weeeks ago, and it was going for $75. On to the food,,, the menu was quite good and the thing that impresses is that all the food is organic and humane. Big plus! I had a chicken dish that was very tasty. My wife had a tender loin with a jalepeno sauce that was just right and not overpowering. I enjoyed our dining experience and would return definetely! A couple of things,,, lights are a little bright for dinner and they need some type of background music. The atmosphere was some what generic. They have a big breakfast and lunch crowd, so will be curious how they will compete in Piedmont Row(especially with George's opening up)
5	I am going to say this up front from the start, best omelette I have ever had my life.  Tomato, spinach and turkey.  Wow, wow, wow.  The wheat toast was fresh and crisp and the fruit cup had fresh blackberries in it.  I have never seen that.Add some unique dinnerware a friendly staff and great ambiance and you have the makings of one of the best breakfast spots in the Charlotte area.  Kudos!
3	Like a previous reviewer, I was underwhelmed with the Full Breakfast that I ordered during my first visit to Terrace Cafe last week for lunch.  It wasn't bad, but for half the price I had the same thing at The Original Pancake House  this morning and enjoyed it just as much or possibly more.  Granted, I could have ordered something with a little bit more imagination, but if a restaurant can't handle simple things then I have to wonder whether or not it can handle more complex items.  The hummus appetizer we ordered arrived with sesame seed covered pita for dipping.  Unfortunately, I can't say much for the hummus because it was completely overwhelmed by the flavor of the sesame seeds on the pita.  I'm not a fan of sesame seeds, so I took one bite and left it at that.  My companion ordered the tomato and mozzarella salad and really enjoyed it.  He also enjoyed the hummus more than I, but he likes sesame seeds so....Thanks to a $30 gift certificate from Groupon, our lunch tab was only $18.00.  (I paid $12 for GC and left $6 tip.)  Without the GC, our tab would have been almost twice as much.  I'll try Terrace Cafe again because I have another gift certificate.  Hopefully next time I'll be as pleased with my meal as some of the other reviewers.
4	Yum. Quiche. Yum.That was pretty much my conversation with myself the other day during my lunch at Terrace Cafe. And if you're wondering, yes, it was a one-way conversation. I know you're jealous of my communication skillz.Anywho, Terrace Cafe, a cute little cafe burrowed in the Piedmont Town Center. Truthfully, when I was seated upstairs and took in their menu for a few minutes, I wasn't wowed by their lunch selections. However, my friendly waitress told me about their lunch specials, including a "healthy" slab of quiche baked with feta, house roasted turkey, tomatoes, spinach and onions. This $10 special was served with a substantial side of greens and a generous fresh fruit cup. Um, YUM. I love quiche in general, but this particular slab (not exaggerating here) was creamy, well made and finished with a tasty crust. It was quite a nice portion for a ten spot, especially for lunch. The turkey was ridiculously good and I was really impressed with the quality of the quiche. I'd really like to come back and give their breakfast/brunch a shot as the red velvet waffles were taunting me.
4	Atmosphere goodService excellentTimeliness averageAccomodatingFood average- bisquits and gravy ok but we've had better.  Trademark breakfast casserole was good, not great - a little dry and overcooked. Trendy. Value for price was ok.  Bacon was awesome - nice & crispy.  Steak was average - little guy added ketsup.Service staff awesomeAtmosphere awesomeFood good.We'll be back!
4	All the food is great.  Order from the specials menu.  You wont be disappointed.Service is lacking unless you sit at the bar.Atmosphere is OK, but the food really is worth the trip, especially breakfast and lunch.Great fruit side dish.
5	This is a fantastic place for brunch.  Ask what the homemade jam is that day and if it sounds like something you like, be sure to get toast!  Hashbrowns are phenomenal as well as the banana split parfait.  Caramel coffee cake is dangerously addictive.
5	Awesome spot for breakfast brunch. Try the Red Velvet Waffle!
3	A local friend took me to brunch here over the weekend on a visit back to my old haunt, Charlotte. Terrace Cafe wasn't there when I moved away, so it was a nice change. We had a short 10 minute wait for a table upstairs. It was crowded on this Sunday morning, and that was reflected in the very slow service. The food was good -- I had the steak and eggs with coffee.  The steak was delicious; the coffee too strong. My friend had another breakfast which she said was good.  I'll definitely eat here again on another trip to Charlotte, but will hope for better service.
3	Got the lettuce wraps and bf got the omelette..nothing to write home about.  Service was MEH...but the one saving grace of this restaurant is the red velvet waffle...no syrup is needed with the cream cheese frosting drizzle. So moist yet crunchy I fell in love. Delish!!  I do give this restaurant "props" for it's vegetarian options.
5	Quite possibly the best breakfast I've ever had.
2	I hate writing negative commentary on local businesses, but I was really disappointed in how Terrace Cafe treated us at breakfast.  We are big groupon users, and I have NEVER had an institution think twice about fully honoring a *purchased* groupon just past its expiration date before now.  There is a first for everything I suppose ... this is just incredibly short-sighted.  The whole point of a groupon is to get someone to try something new, in hopes that they will become something of a recurring customer.  I regularly hold breakfast and lunch meetings in the South Charlotte restaurant scene, and thought Terrace Cafe might be a good place for such meetings.  But they have lost my business with this foolishness.  Incredibly frustrating.The food itself was fine, though I think the hype has more to do with the nice ambience than particularly wonderful food.  I had the acclaimed red velvet waffle and found it ... okay.  Just okay.  It was dense (which makes sense for red velvet) and dry.  It certainly wasn't *bad,* but it just didn't come across as anything special among waffles.  Different?  Yes.  Delicious?  I wouldn;t go nearly that far.  My wife thought her eggs, biscuit and grits were done nicely.  And we both enjoyed our fru-fru coffees.  The presentation was attractive and the service was better than the somewhat mixed comments you read about this place, probably because we went on a Tuesday.  So overall it was good, but not the *amazing* we were hoping for.  (These are honest opinions on the food and experience, formed BEFORE the groupon nonsense occurred at the end of the meal.)Honestly though ... if you're rating this place specifically on food is it meaningfully better than the nearby Original Pancake House?  Not based on what we tasted today.  Now the setting is in a difference league entirely ... but the food itself wasn't a special draw.  Given the OPH's standing as an excellent place for customer service and a good place to do business breakfasts, Terrace Cafe might be well served to think a little more broad-mindedly about how they treat their would-be customers.
4	Sunday brunch -- First of all, I've tried many a bloody mary in various restaurants and bars in charlotte and I must say, theirs is by far the best I've had!  So, I'll be back just for another one of those!!!  About the food, we ordered the veggie egg white omelet served with fruit.  The omelet was pretty good but I have had better.  However, I always order a side of salsa to go with the omelet and their salsa was yummy.  So, I'd recommend adding the salsa to give the omelet a bit more flavor!  The fried green tomatoes are average.  My friend ordered the steak and eggs and declared that steak was delicious.  Coffee drinks were a big hit at our table as well.  The service was ok...they made a couple mistakes but nothing that wasn't fixed quickly.  I'll definitely be back.  There's more I want to try on their menu!
3	Boring menu average food
3	I looooove brunch food. Usually our weekends I find myself at the stove making eggs with goat cheese and chives, but today I wanted to be lazy and have the hubby take me out. So we ended up at terrace cafe. From the outside it looks like a small store type place but the indoors is huge with an upstairs loft like feel! We had to wait a few mins so I got a mocha royal espresso athe bar and the huuby got the bloody mary! They were pricey but very yum. Once we were seated, hubby ane I quickly decided on shrimp and grits for him and the full breakfast (eggs, bacon, pancakes, hash browns) for me. The shrimp and grits were phenomanal. I might get the next time. My breakfast was good too....you can't really go wrong with the classics. The star on my plate was definitely the pancakes. Sooo good. All in all a good brunch experience but the drinks are a lil pricey for the size. Will be going back to try other meals.
4	Good job, Terrace Cafe and all who make you who you are.  As a connesiuer of fine brunch establishments, only Toast Cafe in Davidson delivers a comparable breakfast.  I applaud your effort and achievement in the breakfast arena.  The wait, which I expected, was worth it.  The decor was unconventional, a mesh of three themes, diner/cafe/loft.  Although you would wonder how those concepts can be welded together into one , Terrace Cafe you have pulled it off.
5	I have now been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and all 3 were amazing.  At breakfast, my party all tried a bit of everything...one dish was better than the next.  The pancakes were the best I have had in any restaurant in years and the quiche is beyond description.  No doubt why this place was voted best breakfast in Charlotte. At lunch, my dad had salmon with steamed veggies, which was a genorous  and very tasty lunch portion, and I had the hummus appetizer and grilled cheese.  If you enjoy hummus, this one is not to be missed.  Portion size was LARGE and hummus was delightful.  At dinner, we ordered from the Valentines price fixe menu; we each had crab bisque, filet mignon, lobster and dessert; all were exceptional.  Breakfast, lunch or dinner, you will not be disappointed....TRY TERRACE CAFE!!!!!!!!!!!
2	11/15/10Terrace Cafe was a place I'd bookmarked weeks before my sister had mentioned hearing about its red velvet waffle from a coworker.  It sounded so delicious to her, she couldn't wait for us to try it!  Thank goodness her GPS system was cooperating that morning-- we found the parking garage easily.  Reaching the cafe proved a little bit tougher, even when I stopped to ask a security guard.  Or maybe we were just a little past the point of starving??  I really liked the entrance of the cafe, which had a nice-looking deli case full of specialty juices, pre-made salads, and dessert.  I really liked the energy here and was hoping we'd be able to sit at one of the two empty tables, but we were relegated to the back of the restaurant, where the energy was significantly muted (quite sleepy, actually), and the atmosphere there (from the large and dull wall paintings and dim lighting) made me think we were dining at a generic hotel chain restaurant after the buffet rush.  Service was very slow, as well, which I thought was odd, given that there was only one other occupied table besides ours.After much deliberation as to what to order, we decided on the Red velvet waffle ($10), the California French toast ($10), a side of bacon ($3.50), and a side of two eggs, scrambled ($2.50).  We also ordered coffee for the table.  Mom and sister enjoyed their scrambled eggs, and we all liked the hash browns, extra-crispy on the outside by request, that I chose to accompany the waffle (options also included grits and fruit).  The bacon slices were thick-cut, wonderfully-crisped, and flavorful-- well-worth the $3.50 price tag.  Mom and I found the coffee to be very weak... Funny that sis and I were drawn to this place w/ the promise of earth-shattering delicious red velvet waffle, which she found to be boring, and I to be too fluffy and lacking of rich, chocolatey goodness, w/ its cream cheese drizzle proving to be too sweet to flip over this flop of a breakfast treat!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg?select=pwFY3czNmSCDkWIv9fK57g#pwFY3czNmSCDkWIv9fK57g  BUT there was a light at the end of the tunnel, and it was the California French toast!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg?select=_EKfF3-pgKDfq7Zup4NEdg#_EKfF3-pgKDfq7Zup4NEdg  This beauty of a dish consisted of three large slices of orange-scented French toast, which were drizzled w/ orange-infused honey and a side of wonderful cranberry butter!  I wished I'd ordered this, instead!  I wished I'd ordered anything other than that silly waffle!  But I digress... Really, the French toast is not to be missed.  I would, however, request for a crispier crust, should we ever return.
1	Personally, I did not enjoy my salad. Went out to dinner with a group of friends for my sister's birthday... Our waiter forgot to put in the order for my boyfriends food. So he sat while everyone ate. By the time we got it everyone was done eating. We took his food to go instead. The waiter didn't even give us a reasoning and wasn't willing to accommodate us for the inconvenience, and to top it off, gave us an attitude when we asked to speak to the manager.  A basic plain caesar salad was $6. I had iceberg lettuce, croutons, and added chicken.... $15. $11 for a piece of chicken?? All in all, never ever ever going back there. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Over priced. The atmosphere sucks. Loud. Cramped. Portions of food are small... Leave you feeling hungry still. Would rather just go to Chili's.
4	Not too long of a wait, but a packed house, which was a good sign that Terrace Cafe is the place to be on a Sunday for brunch. Took my mom and her friend here since I've heard this is a great place to eat and treat! The atmosphere was very nice, spacious, and gave off a warm feeling. The food was very good! The coffee, however, not the best. The service was attentive and we never felt neglected for one second. I don't think they offer valet parking (like many of the other Piedmont Row restaurants), but the garage is right next to Terrace.All in all, great place and I will be back...just not for coffee.
5	I heard about Terrace Cafe not from Yelp or friends in Charlotte but from a friend in Texas and my sister in Indianapolis. When both of them mentioned Terrace Cafe's Red Velvet Waffle, I knew a meeting with said waffle would be in my future. And today was that day. When I rolled up to Terrace Cafe, it was right before the churchie crowd and for some reason, I was expecting them to have a huge patio but no dice--just an inside dining area with an upstairs and downstairs. I shouldn't have even looked at the menu but did against my better judgment and started to feel conflicted. I've been wanting that damn red velvet waffle for the past few months but then I started to see other tasty items like S'more french toast, a variety of eggs Benedict, etc but stuck to my guns and got the waffle. It was everything I dreamed of and more. And from fear of going into sugar shock, I finished 3/4 of it and threw in the towel. I had a skim latte which was smooth and light and priced the same as a Starbucks latte. The french press wasn't too shabby either. Service was fantastic and right on point. I definitely recommend this place for brunch--be sure to get there early though--they don't take reservations.
3	Easy walking distance from the Renaissance Southpark hotel. Healthy beakfast selections look tasty as well.The food was good, even superb but $42 (before the tip) for breakfast?  WTF?  Was here with the GF on a quick trip to Charlotte.  Granted, this is in the South Park area which is quite trendy and upscale but still, 42 bucks for omelettes, juice, coffee and pancakes...helllllllll no.  Won't be coming back here unless it's on the company dime.
5	Great Mothers Day brunch. First time at Terrace Cafe but will not be the last. After reading reviews about the Red Velvet Waffles that is what I had to have and they were outstanding. My wife had Cold Water Lobster Benedict. She let me taste it and it was to die for.
4	Very good food, good service.  Value, not so well.  Every item I've had there has been of really good quality, but I always seem to come away with a feeling of paying too much for too little.  I'm a guy who likes to eat (uggg, dieting now) and when I find good food I like to have it in decent quantities, I didn't feel like I was getting enough.Example: I had their burger and fries.  The burger WAS of a decent size, but the fries, not so much.  I work in PTC so this is a place I can walk to, but to be honest, I don't go here for lunch anymore.The one exception:  Morning coffee/breakfast biscuit $5 takeout special, was a big biscuit with whatever you want in it and a decently sized cup of coffee.Update 10/28/2013 - I'm growing to like this place more and more, based solely on the above mentioned takeout special.  I get it, this place caters to folks who want a more upscale breakfast, and by all accounts, they deliver.  Their offering of the value breakfast makes the value proposition more.
4	Wife and I went for the first time today for lunch. Very good menu and decor....this place can be noisy ( open ceiling echos) . Loved the shrimp and grits...unique and spicy. Wife got the popular "full breakfast' also favorable, yes, everything is a little pricey but it is southpark and I'm sure the rent is high as hell. The waiter had to be one of the BEST in Charlotte. I believe his name was Matt. He made the place better and I will definitely return
5	Their is nothing more that I can say about this place except GO there and try it. We were driving thru the Charlotte area and found this place. What a gem...I got the Red Velvet Waffle and it was simply divine. I also tried my sis's shrimp and grits and my niece's omelet was outstanding. I can't wait till I am back in NC again so I can eat here again.
5	FANTASTIC! Decor: A+, Staff: A+, Food: A+! Just ate a delicious "full breakfast" (scrambled eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, & 2 pancakes + fruit cup). So yummy! Hashbrowns were perfect! Just the way I like them - shredded!Matt was a great waiter, too!
5	I have got to say I love this place! I have taken the family (2 boys plus hubby) for breakfast a couple of times, had lunch there twice, and dinner one time. Each was a wonderfully memorable experience.  I wanted to comment on my most recent experience during Queen's Feast week. It was simply amazing! My husband ordered the pork chop and it had the most wonderful glaze on it! He also ordered the chicken lollipops. I know my boys will want to order this appetizer when we return. It was very much like wings, but much more meat. It's served with blue cheese dressing, so we'll ask for ranch for them.  I had the fried chicken and being a Southern girl, it was absolutely perfect! The green beans were cooked the way my daddy liked them (very soft) and the garlic mashed potatoes were a treat. I am not used to eating spicy things so the gravy was a little much for me but a nice compliment overall. Chicken was cooked to perfection. I wish I could prepare it so well!Service was impeccable. Oh, I almost forgot dessert! I chose a peanut butter cheesecake and hubby picked the lemon delicious thing. Wow, I want to go back and eat that lemon thing every day this week!  They did not skimp on portion size unlike some restaurants during the promotional week. We were stuffed and happy to have tried some new items.The atmosphere is very relaxed but upscale too. You could go in an nice outfit for dinner or stop by in golf clothing for lunch.  We have seen both. Definitely go to this place. It is a hidden jewel and deserves to be very successful.
5	My wife and I went here for the first time yesterday and we will be back frequently. We both agree it was one of the best breakfasts we've had in a long time. I had the filet benedict and she had an omelette both were excellent. Everything was very fresh and had a nice homemade quality to it. Next time I'm going to give the red velvet waffle a shot.
4	I lived upstairs from Terrace Cafe in corporate housing for my first couple months in Charlotte. Since we were still settling down, we got take-out from Terrace Cafe a LOT. Here's how it went: Look for menu online.  Call in order.  Walk downstairs.  Get food.  NOSH. Here are some of my faves: -- NC Trout with tempura green beans (DROOL!  Fast food places should replace fries with tempura green beans!) in a pineapple soy burre blanc.  The trout is super flaky and fresh, and the burre blanc so sinfully rich, it could make a cardboard box taste good!-- Pork Tenderloin with black eyed pea succotash and jalapeno jam.  Tender and well seasoned, and the succotash and jam give it a nice sweetness. -- Vegetable Plate.  I know, sounds sissy, but it's delicious.  A potato side, a side of tempura green beans (see, there they are again!) baby carrots (with the little green stems attached, nice touch) and asparagus.  Trust me, you won't miss the meat. -- Bibb Salad:  my favorite starter here.  Mandarin oranges, pears, Crasins and the kicker... fried goat cheese!  Add fried goat cheese to...oh yeah, that cardboard box, and again, a delicious dish. -- Fried Green Tomatoes: served with pimento cheese.  "Nuff said. The reason why I don't give TC 5 stars, is I had some just OK experiences for breakfast and lunch.  (Please, don't hurt me, Terrace Cafe diehards!) The famed red velvet waffle and banana pecan french toast were just too sweet.  I'm going to get a CAVITY sweet. The lunch I ordered was a vegetable soup with olives...and the turkey sandwich was just that.  A boring turkey sandwich.  (Olives I think is one of those foods either you like or don't like, and it should be indicated on the menu or by the server if something has olives or not.) The service is always friendly and pretty on-point.  The ambiance too is inviting and warm-- both levels.  Don't forget to check out their deals-- like buy-one-dinner-get-the-second 50% off certain days of the week!
4	I met up with a group of friends for dinner at Terrace Cafe to celebrate our friend's birthday a couple of weeks ago. It's hidden in a little niche around the corner from the Harris Express Y, and parking can be a bit difficult depending on the time you arrive. After finding a space and walking into the restaurant, I immediately decompressed. The ambiance was very inviting and our server was wonderful. I've heard great things about the breakfast food at Terrace Cafe, but never anything about dinner. Here are my thoughts:1. 3/5 stars for the fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese. Might be because we are recently back from Charleston where we had such wonderful pimento cheese and fried green tomatoes everywhere we went, but this order seemed a bit bland. 2. 5/5 stars for the biscuits with the butter and delicious jalapeno jelly. Couldn't get enough of these bite sized nuggets.3. 4/5 stars for the Fennel Pollen Dusted Red Grouper. It was very tasty but a bit soupier than I thought it would be. The serving size was quite large, so I had the remaining for lunch the next day.4. 5/5 for all the desserts (we each ordered one so had 4 of the 5 options). The serving portions are individually sized, which is great if you just want a little sweet treat without blowing your entire daily caloric budget. You can't go wrong with a dessert at Terrace Cafe!Last but not least, on Thursday nights they have $5 martinis, which is a great deal in Southpark. All in all, Terrace Cafe is a solid experience for dinner and I'll go back soon, probably for the raved-about breakfast.
5	Remember the days, when you thought you had to eat at Waffle House, IHOP, or Cracker Barrel for breakfast on Saturday or Sunday mornings?  Not so much because they were especially great or anything, but maybe because you knew they were there for you, and could be counted on to provide a hearty and delicious breakfast, time and time again.  WELL, those days are over my friends.  Say, hello to Terrace Cafe.I'm usually not one to dote over the intricacies of the decorations and feng-shui of a place, but Terrace Cafe truly has a remarkable interior.  The second you walk in, you are transported to a wonderful and peaceful cafe seemingly somewhere in the  Mediterranean.My gf and I arrived there around 10am on Sunday morning, and were seated immediately with no wait.  We were taken for a nice walk throughout the restaurant, and upstairs to a table in the balcony overlooking the entire restaurant (see pics).For breakfast, i ordered the Steak and Eggs w/ hash browns and an English muffin.  I order this every time I go here, maybe just switching up the English-muffin for toast.  It's not that I think the other menu choices will be less than satisfactory, but because the Steak and eggs are out of this WORLD!!  It comes with 2 or 3 eggs any way you like, and two steak fillet medallions (see pic).  These little medallions are as good as any steak I've had.  No sauce needed.  No knife needed.  Just good, tender beef. My girlfriend ordered a pecan waffle with the fresh fruit cocktail as a side.  She loved it.  The waffle was cooked to perfection (I just had to eat some).  Warm syrup was also brought to the table just before the food arrived.  She loved the waffle as well as the fruit.  Explaining that the fruit was fresh and sweet.As for the service...It was magnificent.  Nothing else needs to be said.  I'm a fan of everything about this place. Ive been here three times (all for breakfast) and have had tremendous dining experiences each and every time.  I do not have a single complaint about my dining experiences there - ever; in the three times I've been there. Terrace Cafe is the BEST BREAKFAST SPOT IN CHARLOTTE!!
5	My friends and I were on a trip down to Charlotte and decided we needed to find a brunch restaurant.  With the help of Yelp (our go to tool), we were able to locate the Terrace Cafe.From the outside the restaurant looks like a small storefront, but when you open the doors you can really see how grand the place is.  We were seated on the second floor and immediately greeted by our server.  Looking at the menu, I was impressed by the array of options.We ordered the onion rings and red velvet waffle as an appetizer (not exactly logical, but delicious).  The onion rings are tempura battered and obviously fresh made, honestly some of the best I've ever had.  For my entree I ordered the smores french toast.  Let's be serious, I can't say no to anything smores.  It was a very heavy dish but well worth the caloric splurge.  My friends tried the typical brunch fare and were all very happy with their choices.Looking over at the diners next to us we saw the sweet potato waffle fries, they looked phenomenal.  I was tempted to ask for a taste but I've heard rumors that would be inappropriate behavior.  I'd definitely recommend checking out Terrace Cafe.  The price is right, the ambiance is fantastic, and the service was quick and entertaining.
3	Heard of this place plenty of times, didn't really know what to expect.  Since we're trying to avoid mad traffic in the Dilworth area due to Greek Festival, my friend and I headed to Piedmont Row for brunch instead.  Granted I didn't have expectations, I guess I'm just one of those people who aren't easily impressed.  Decor/atmosphere: simple, cafe-like, bright and appealing, causal dressy if that's such a thing... nice high ceiling showcasing the upper level seating... feel bad for food runners who have to climb those stairs Menu: extensive breakfast/lunch options, maybe a little too extensive because it was hard to make a decision.  Most items are low to mid $10s during breakfast/brunch/lunch timeFood: I'm a soup freak... can't pass on a blue crab bisque.  It was creamy, lumps of yummy fresh crab meat, and OMG salty!  That's an achievement of its kind for me to think something is high sodium (maybe not a good kind of achievement).  Finished it still... but really could have held back the salt.  I ordered the Fried Oysters Spinach Salad... the thing is HUGE.  I swear there's a pound of spinach in that bowl.  Tons of oysters.  Impressive looking.  But unfortunately they went too heavy handed on the vinaigrette.  The menu said hot bacon vinaigrette.  As much as you and I know, it's easy to taste bacon.  Somehow they managed to cover up all things bacon, caramelized onions & sauteed mushrooms... the main reasons I ordered the salad besides the oysters.  The oysters didn't disappoint...  but not enough to save the dish.  For $12.50, it's a big portion, but I can't say the taste justify for it.Service:Ok.  Little slow on the water refill.  Coffee was amazing though.  Reminded me of Italy. In conclusion, I was little disappointed by the food.  I know they're known for their red velvet waffle... but I should be able to order something else that isn't sweet and still be yummy.  The menu is a little pricey for "cafe" (especially for dinner).  Another good looking place in Charlotte that didn't deliver in the food department.
4	Delicious! Attentive wait staff. Food came out really quickly. I really enjoyed the upper level seating.
3	went to terrace cafe for breakfast this morning for a quick meeting.  i wasn't starving so i ordered a bacon/cheese biscuit which came with hashbrowns.  the food was good but not great.  the cafe was pretty busy for a wednesday morning and our waiter had a party upstairs so the service could have been better but i'd probably give it another try when i have a bigger appetite.
2	I was very excited to dine at Terrace Cafe, from family members raving to Yelp hyping it seemed like it was going to be awesome. Perhaps my expectations were to high? No, perhaps I should have went for breakfast? Probably. I ordered an appetizer of fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese. They came out very hot and crispy with tons of flavor, easily the best part of my experience. My main course was the trout, veggie rice pilaf and tempura green beans. The food was by no means bad but it also wasn't anything memorable. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing because my friend loved his steak. I left feeling very underwhelmed, sucks when the appetizer is more exciting than main course. Whenever I return it will be for breakfast.PS - you would think that a classy restaurant could offer a better beer selection than boring bud, coors and miller. Sure they had Sierra Nevada and Fat Tire but that was it. Beer is just as, if not more complex than wine, recognize.
5	I found my new brunch spot and it feels so good! My original brunch place all the way in the Plaza but totally worth the drive has gotten a bit too repetitive so while enjoying dinner one night at Piedmont, stumbled on this place. Super cute inside, friendly staff and aaahhhh yes, the sunday wait line. No problem, get yourself a latte and sip away until your called to the table. The food is so good, you wish you knew about it sooner. The eggs benedict floentine is my favorite. The french toast with creme bruele butter is so good you want to ask for more butter to go. The too have the apple butter sauce my original location carried (I thought it was signature mark, guess not, its bought by a bigger vendor). I can't wait to go back on Sunday!
5	Their bloody marys have bacon!I love Terrace Cafe for brunch on the weekends! If you love egg benedict dishes you have to try this place. The florentine is my favorite, but they also have a benedict with fielt medallions! Some of their specials include salmon benedict and crab cake benedict. Make sure to let them know how you like your eggs poached...Sometimes they'll come out a little too done.
5	Great place for brunch! I had the Steak and eggs entree with hashbrowns.. Great food quality.. Definitely recommend this place to my friends.
4	Had lunch there today - been there for breakfast a lot and it is awesome every time.  Today I had tomato and basil soup which was superb and a steak salad which was good, but not great.  For breakfast, this is the best place there is.  For lunch it is good, sometimes great, but not as reliable as breakfast.  The kitchen here knows how to cookl.
3	We came a little after 1 on a Sunday afternoon.  The place was pretty full but we got a table right away.Despite how busy the place was there was kind of a calm ambiance, which my hubs attributed to strategic not-so-bright lighting and color scheme.  It feels like a nice place.  The sanitation rating inspired confidence too.I got a strawberry waffle with sausage, he got the quiche of the day (ham, cheese, broc and tomato).  My waffle was tasty, but then again, most waffles are.  The sausage patties had a little zing to them.  Hubs' quiche was promising but seemed to have been sitting for a little too long.  He said my quiches are better - to which you might say, of course he did, but he's more the type to say "hon, you've got to learn how to make this" if that is more true to the situation.  They had other items that looked interesting - crab benedict, for example, and some of their breakfast sandwiches - but between us we were neither wowed nor wigged out.The place is neither a deal nor highway robbery.  Overall it's kind of average.
5	Honestly, can anyone in their right mind rate this place below a 5?  Lets break it down for someone who hasn't been here:The food is ALWAYS (and I mean every single thing I have ever ordered) right and tastes great, even when they are slam packed, which is often. There are some fun things on the menu (especially breakfast) that you would be hard pressed to find anywhere else.  Ex. red velvet waffle, WOWThe staff is always busy but always friendlyMy only complaint is that they are so damn good they get busy and there is often a wait but I can't hate on them for being too popular!!!!!
5	We have never had a bad experience here! Everything is always delicious. This time we tried the fried green tomatoes... Sooooo tasty! Hot and crispy with spicy dipping sauce! Service was excellent. Definitely our favorite brunch spot!
2	First of all their food is slightly better than adequate.  Called the day before spoke with the Manager who told us to come in with our party of 15 and they would make sure we sat together.  Showed up waited for all 15 people to make it, when they did not show we ask for a table for 10.  They split us into two booths.  The whole idea was a get together.The managers response was "what do you want me to do", nuff said.  When a manager of a restaurant says that the other obvious problems become much worse.  The 4 hostesses never smiled welcomed us or said goodbye or thank you.  The waiter had a lon gotee that everyone was afraid would fall in our food.  He never smiled and never said thankyou.If semi-good food with real bad service is what you want I recommend this restaurant.  The owner needs to hire workers that smile and thank the customer who pays their wages.
4	Free parking and the garage is RIGHT next door.Friendly, attentive, and wonderful service.Casual, clean, comfortable environment with decent prices on the menu.Food is good, although I can't say much about a belgium waffle and potato hash browns. I wish I tried something more unique to Terrace... I hear the red velvet waffle is one of the most popular... so original! too bad I can't have red velvet.
5	Breakfast here was AMAZING No need to think about it...just dine here and savor the taste of perfection
5	Yum this place is so good.  I had a chance to stop in for lunch and I was just as impressed with my lunch selection as I was when I had dinner here.   If you get a chance the roasted red pepper & gouda soup is out of this world amazing.  This place is hopping during lunch.  The food and service were both excellent.  Now I must make it back for some brunch next time.
3	The service torpedoed this review from 4 stars to 3. I went for breakfast and my eggs were cool when served. Not good. The staff made an effort to replace the eggs. I wouldn't say it took long to get the replacements, but by the time the warm eggs arrived, the rest of the meal had cooled down.I went ahead and ate the breakfast and it would've probably been really good had it been served piping hot. To give the benefit of the doubt, Terrace was VERY busy which means they must get it right most of the time. Maybe it was just bad luck for me. My girlfriend did enjoy her breakfast.Anyway, aside from that, the atmosphere of the place is quite nice. Its contemporary American and very lively for a morning spot. I'd probably give them another shot if I lived in the area but I was jut passing through.Oh, and the final nitpick, the bill charged for 2 orders of eggs. The staff removed the additional order.
5	I was in Charlotte visiting and a group of us went here for breakfast and it was great.  The resteraunt is in a nice location and the staff was friendly.  The food was excellent and everything was very fresh also the fried green tomatos are worth a try!
4	I've only been here for brunch but I must say, the food is amazing! I go here every time I go to Charlotte and each time it has been very good. The Omelettes are my favorite along with their hashbrowns.  The service could be a bit better but it is understandable since they are always so busy.
4	Red velvet waffles, tasty. Sunday brunch is a zoo - but worth the wait. Great coffee selection. Fresh, simple foods. Service needs some work but all in all a good thing going over at Terrace.
5	Every time I am in Charlotte I come here. I have never been disappointed. It gets packed though and there can be a wait. It is well worth it.The location is great because you can park in the deck and there is always parking. It is a smallish place, but they have some seating upstairs and a small bar as well.I love the bloody mary here. The best anywhere.I love the hash browns and the red velvet waffle - OMG - to die for!Really good coffee drinks and great service.The last time I went, some friends were in the area and wanted to join us, but we only had a table for 4. So we asked the server if we could add 3 more people and they moved the tables around to accommodate us, even though they were pretty busy at the time. I was really happy that they were able to do that, since I was visiting and wanted to be able to spend more time with my friends.I have had dinner here as well and it has been awesome, but I keep coming back to the breakfast because it ROCKS!!!!I wish they had these on the west coast!!!
5	I've been here 4 times and have yet to order off the menu because the specials were so good!
5	Excellent food! I went out for a girl's weekend and we all ate off of each others plate everything was so amazing I enjoyed the food thumbs up!
5	Call me a rebel, but I think their dinner is better than their brunch.  I've had brunch at Piedmont once and brunch at Ballantyne once and both were great (my friends love the bacon in the bloody mary) but dinner is some of the best upscale Southern food I've had.   The only reason I don't go more often is sometimes I'm too hungry to endure the wait, but if I plan ahead and make reservations it all works out.
4	I've been to Terrace Cafe for lunch a few times, but recently tried it for dinner.  I was a little disappointed they weren't serving the red velvet waffles at dinner time, but I went ahead and ordered from the dinner menu.  The chicken was delicious!!  I was not disappointed!  My husband said his mussels were excellent also.
2	I got my meal and the omelette seemed a little oily. They tried to hide the fact that they had burned my toast by putting on a plate burned side down. There was a fruit something in a small dish on my plate. Not sure what it was - too watery for jelly or jam. The atmosphere seems a little off - the space is small so it could be intimate but its way too vaulted for you to feel it. While dining I had the joy of seeing what I assumed was the trash bin being taken out through the dining area. All in all, not great.
3	I really enjoyed having brunch here. The food was delicious and the coffee was great. However, it didn't seem like the wait staff could handle the large crowd that comes for a Sunday brunch. Our waiter seemed flustered and kept forgetting about us. The hostess was even a little rude and short tempered. They didin't seem understaffed so I'm not sure what the deal was. I would definitely go back here but it would be nice if they had better servers who could handle more than a couple of tables. For this reason I gave Terrace 3 out of 5.
4	Had breakfast at Terrace Cafe last Sunday. I'm glad we got there early ( 9 am ) as a long line was waiting when we left.  Food was delicious and so much that we could not finish.  We 4 should have only ordered 1 order of fried green tomatoes instead of 2.  We had 4 different items and they were all great.  Service was also excellent.  I would definitely return.  French press coffee was not as good as I would have thought  but that's probably because we did not wait long enough.  Also it gets cold quick in that glass pot.
5	I went to Terrace Cafe' today for the 1st time with several co-workers and can you say "Outstanding". The food was incredible and our server Kevin and the manager were "Awesome". I was so impressed that I will be back again for lunch tomorrow.
5	Awesome!!! The food and the waiter. Other than the crazy NC law that meant I couldn't have a brunch mimosa this is one of the greatest brunches I have ever hat!
5	Next time I go to Charlotte I will be having breakfast here!  I got the omelete and added turkey bacon, spinach, and cheese it was delicious.  Instead of toast I opted for the pancake and it was actually undercooked, but the delicious omelete made up for it.  Everyone else had the red velvet waffles which the place is known for and according to all my friends it was heavenly.  Not much of a red velvet fan but everything else was good and $5 mimosas are a win!!!The most surprising thing at the restaurant is the speedy wait time.  When we arrived it was really busy, but the hostess said 30mins and in 30mins we were seated.  Unfortunately, our entire party was not there and they won't seat you unless everyone is there. However, since we were starving we sat without the missing people, but the staff was very accommodating to allow our remaining friends to seat at the table next to us once they arrived.  All in all, this is a great place with amazing food!
4	Terrace Cafe is a neat spot tucked into the base of a mixes use residential/office building offering breakfast, lunch, and dinner menus. The decor is inviting with bar, ground, and upstairs seating options. By all accounts the waitstaff was very helpful and the entire environment was very warm. We stopped into the Terrace Cafe for breakfast. The menu is varied and it offers a nice selection. We had a couple of omelette's and the shrimp and grits. The omelette's were stuffed to perfection and prepared perfectly. The portions were generous and the house made jam was amazing. Being from Pennsylvania, I have no clue what good grits are or how to prepare grits but these were fantastic. The dish was spicy, and the texture and consistency seemed spot on. The coffee was good and they were quick to refill. The only slight downfall is price. You are getting quality food so the price for breakfast  is going to be a little more than traditional breakfast spots. If you are like me, and do not mind, check it out. Overall, the Terrace Cafe was a really fantastic breakfast spot and I would love to check it out for other meals.
5	Delicious! OMG, the red velvet waffle was mind blowingly good! Everything is a la carte so I ordered a side of the inhouse made sausage... shut the front door! It was an explosion of flavor! I will be a regular here for sure!
4	Why haven't I been here before? Cute place with a great atmosphere. Their menu has a great variety.I had their Hawaiian Chicken Salad Croissant Sandwich. Yum! I had their vinegar based coleslaw, which I loved. It's how my mom makes her coleslaw...but mayo slaw lovers my not be a fan.The price is pretty decent. I'd rather go here for a couple extra bucks and quality than the Panera across the street.I hear their breakfast is awesome too. Red Velvet Pancakes?? Awesome!
4	Terrace Cafe is a great brunch spot.  We stopped in here a Saturday morning/afternoon to get some brunch and of course mimosas.  We you first walk in, you see a bar, some seating on ground level, and then an exposed upstairs which is where we sat.  This place just feels new and clean, while still having some charm to it.      The food here is awesome.  I had the red velvet waffle and the lady had the eggs benedict  The egg was poached nicely, but the red velvte waffle reigned supreme. I honestly wanted to lather my body with the cream cheese drizzle, though I don't know what unwanted person I may attract.     The food, mimosas, and the service were great.  I aso distinctly remember the odd shaped glasses for some reason. The only thing that put me off a little bit is the price.  It was a bit higher for brunch, but you do get what you pay for.  Overall I would definitely return.
5	Wow what a surprise. I have skipped the place for a while. Just forgot about because it is hidden gem. The trout was outstanding and the service was too. I am always hard to please and they were great. The prices seemed to have come down too. After I had a 20 dollar breakfast I avoided them. I will be back for sure.
3	I went here specifically for the red velvet waffle. Sad to say I wasn't impressed. It was just red. No coco flavor or anything that resembled red velvet cake. It was a well prepard waffle although. I would go back to try other things on the menu.
4	I really enjoyed my breakfast. I couldn't finish my steak and eggs so I took the rest to go. It was still good later on as a snack. The staff was polite. The atmosphere was peaceful.
4	This place has to be the best breakfast/brunch spot in Charlotte. Omelets and hashbrowns are great.
1	Ok, so we had been trying to get to this restraunt for a few months. We decided to go last night for my fiancee's birthday, and was that the biggest mistake we ever made? Yes. The night started off with ham and pimento cheese sliders which were so salty, I must have gone through 2 waters and an unsweet tea just to wash the taste out of my mouth. The barbacue sauce on the frenched chicken drummette's was waaaaaay to sweet and overpowered by the amount of ketchup and sugar they must have made it with. For dinner, the fried southern chicken came with green beans that had absolutely NO seasoning, mashed potatoes that were too salty, and gravy on the chicken that was salty. The filet came with a sauce on it that tasted like sh*t. I mean, there was no other way to describe it, and when I'm spending $25 on an 8oz filet, I at least want to be able to eat it. I mean, it was so disgusting. The sauteed mushrooms, I actually had to put salt and pepper on them. I have NEVER EVER done that at a restraunt. It's like they don't season half the food and overseason the other half. No balance anywhere. The dessert wasn't as bad, but how can you mess up a cookie? Especially one that Cracker Barrel also has but their's is way bigger and costs $5 less. The red velvet bread pudding wasn't that bad but it was way too thick and pastey. It was the WORST experience I have ever had with food at a restraunt. They need Gordan Ramsey so bad, wow. DO NOT EAT HERE. I'm paying for it today. O, and the waiter was so awkward, just kind of hovering around our table. Really strange.
5	My husband and I were on our way to IHOP when I said let's try something different. I want real breakfast and a real dining experience. The Terrace Cafe didn't disappoint. We found it by doing a google search and said anything beats IHOP. I had the shrimp and grits, my daughter had the egg omelet and my husband had the steak and eggs and we all shared the red velvet waffle which was especially light and yummy! HANDS down one of the best restaurants we have been to since we moved to Charlotte 6 months ago.
3	The food was excellent as always, service was TERRIBLE. Stopped for brunch.. walked in the door and there were leaves all over the entrance (no biggie wind blowing, its fall).. that mess just carried on into the dining room. There was straw wrappers and a straw on the floor the entier HOUR we were there... tables sat dirty for long periods of time, the table we were sat at was 1/2 wiped off (the 1/2 closest to the end)... our server took our order and NEVER came back... the runner brought the food, I could have used some ketchup but nobody came by to refill drinks or check on us... eventually the server came back to see if we needed anything (we were done eating) and we asked for the check. The staff there appeared young and not very experienced, there were two hostesses and it appeared their job was to clear tables and clean the dining room... our server didnt seem to have a clue wondering around the dining room. We were there an hour due to the slow service... I noticed a lot of other tables sitting and waiting for boxes/checks. Anyways, the food, BF had shrimp and grits which is his usual... excellent as always, I took ONE bite and got a piece of shell, yuck. I had a BEC biscuit which was excellent.. the biscuits were defiantely made in house and super huge fluffy and delishious. It was too bad the service had to put a damper on our otherwise great meal
4	After a long and treacherous New Year's Eve (picture being cut off at the bar below Gastro Lounge, and continuing to drink out of a Stella can tucked in my trenchcoat)-- well, yea. We needed breakfast recovery. So to Terrace Cafe we went.The notorious "wait" ensued. We weren't the only hungover ones, and as the rain drizzled, we recanted the night before, before being seated 30 mins later.We spotted about 6 open tables as we're led in, we wondered why we weren't seated earlier.Ordered foamy cappuccinos, and fresh squeezed OJ. Started feeling the road to recovery.The menu looked great. We wanted to order everything. But I stuck to something I've missed, poached eggs. We ordered:    Eggs Florentine.    Full breakfast, and    the Cajun Shrimp Omelet.My eggs were perfectly poached, which made me happy. The Hollandaise sauce actually tasted like Hollandaise sauce. My English muffin however was a tad over fried and hard. Oh well. Overall tasty. Good salad. Good hash.My friends dug their meals. The Cajun Shrimp was a bit too pungent of a thing to eat hungover (eggs and fishyness...) but seemed OK. Bit over the top onion-y.Finished. Service was just OK.Bit pricey, but the best hangover cure. Will come here again.Rankings    # of times dined here: 1st    Cost of Bill: $12-18 for 1person    Food Rating: 8/10    Service Rating: 7/10
5	Best breakfast we've had in Charlotte! The service was amazing!  The food was great! Kaitlin our server was awesome! Definitely coming back to eat again! Nothing like this from where we're from.
3	The YMCA omelet is very good. Loved the hasbrowns (they're the shoestring kind), and the apple butter was delicious.
5	I love brunch nom nom nom! I'm ALWAYS on the hunt for a good brunch spot so I'm glad we decided on this place. I have passed the area that it's in a few times but never really thought to venture in . It's tucked away right near the parking garage, which is kinda convenient and a short walk. We went on a Sunday around 12pm maybe and we waited around 30 mins for a table of 3. I tried a Mimosa which was good, more champagne than I expected so that was a plus along with the chocolate chip malted Belgian waffle with a side of grits and hash browns. The waffle came with one side but I'm southern so it's only right that I have grits with my meal Overall my food was good presentation wide could have been a bit better for the waffle - looks like they literally threw some chocolate chips on there and sent it out the door. I definitely would go back to try an omelet or the French toast! The only annoying part is that they don't' have much waiting room inside so either you stand out in the cold or cram inside.
5	If you have never experienced the red velvet waffle, you should! I have been here a handful of times and am never disappointed with anything that I have gotten! I've had there red velvet waffle with cream cheese drizzle...its amazingly light and fluffy and so flavorful. I also have had there Eggs benedict florentine. Its so good too, the hollendaise sauce has a whole-grain mustard in it which gives it a unique flavor. And last there bacon bloody mary is wonderful! What's not good with bacon in it... The staff is always friendly and the food never takes a long time. I recommend making a reservation though if you go on the weekend. They get busy, fast! This place is just plain good. I can't wait til I go back again!-SK
5	Great Food!
5	My girlfriend and I's favorite breakfast spot. Pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
2	This review is for dinner, two stars is generous. We were seated in a dark, small space upstairs even though it was empty. The service was slow and very immature. I had the crab bisque which tasted like water with flour, and the halibut which was massively overcooked, sandpaper dry and tasteless. Really bad, won't be back.
4	Went to Terrace Cafe for lunch and had an excellent experience.  Portions were large and filling and service was excellent.  The Shrimp and Grits is definitely a great menu item.  The Steak salad is a more than generous portion.  I would recommend this to anyone...each time I go, I have a good experience.  Service was excellent as Matthew did a phenomenal job.  A manager even stopped by and was very pleasant as well.
3	Randomly stopped in for a quick breakfast.  Had the Southern Sausage Benedict.  Basically an Eggs Benedict with sausage in place of ham and a biscuit in place of the muffin.The biscuit was a little dry, but the meal was tasty.
5	Finally found a good breakfast place in Charlotte!Came here for my birthday brunch a few weeks ago and all I have to say is that the Red Velved Waffle was pretty amazing! My boyfriend had an egg white omelet, which was pretty tasty and the French Press coffee was yummy too!I cannot wait to come back and try the French Toast!
4	I love brunch! But I don't go often because I hate the wait. Fortunately, I was hanging with friends one weekend in Charlotte, so I feeling particularly patience. My patience paid off, because the food here is awesome. First, I'll comment on the atmosphere. The Terrace Cafe is decorated to look Italian, which threw me off a little because then I was expecting Mediterranean food, but I felt warm and comfortable here. They could have a little more seating for those of us waiting, but the wait wasn't really that bad. When we did sit down, we ordered mimosas, and they came pretty quickly. I got the waffle with strawberries on the top and I was oh so happy. My friend ordered a shrimp omelette, and I was jealous because it was so good. Next time I come, I'm getting that omelette! With a waffle on the side.
5	Gourmet breakfast, delicious and inexpensive. Excellent service in nice atmosphere and free parking.
5	Great service. Great food.  Honestly, our server did not have a lot of personality but he was incredibly efficient. I'm fine with that. The food is definitely worth the price tag.
5	This is a special place for me and one of my closest friends... It's one of our favorite brunch spots ever... The mimosas are on special on Sundays, but that's pretty much everywhere, right? I loves me some champagne and orange juice...We literally stood outside and stared at the menu this time because we wanted so many things and couldn't decide! lol  We ended up splitting a couple things and having a delightful time... The housemade sausage:  It's a patty instead of links and normally I don't go for those... I'm really glad I ordered these... You could practically taste the freshness of the meat and it was cooked well, but not too well... Crispy, but not burnt...The Terrace french toast: A solid choice every time... Light, fluffy, covered with powdered sugar, not too sweet, so it doesn't get all sugary when you add the syrup... Quiche: Talk about a dream... Firm, but not overdone... Chock full of bacon with a perfectly done crust...Hash browns:  Come on... They cooked them for just a little bit longer since I like mine with a nice crisp on the top... I practically inhaled them... Another great job by a talented staff... Can't wait for the next visit!
4	My experiences with the food and drink are far better at weekend mornings/brunch service than on weekdays. On good days, the bar makes a very tasty chai. On not-so-good days, it's watered down and not blended well. Recommended dishes: red velvet waffle, Terrace French toast, bacon or pecan waffle. The s'more waffle is too sweet for a meal, it works well as a dessert, though. The service has always been good even when they're slammed. If you're planning to go Sunday for brunch, plan to wait for a table due to this place's popularity, but it's worth it of you plan for it.  They will not seat you until your entire party is present.
2	Had breakfast here with three other people.I ordered the closest thing to regular Eggs Benedict (EB) I could find, and paired it with Earl Grey tea. The EB was miserable. EB is a classic dish for a reason. There is no benefit in trying to switch it up. The hollandaise was made with whole grain mustard, which destroyed the best part of the dish. The meat disks were about the diameter of a golf ball, and I don't even remember what the bread/English muffin was like.Our server was a bit lukewarm, and, once things got super busy, the amount of time between visits to our table became way too long. Table mates sat without beverage refills for a while. The space is pretty nice. It's bright and clean, but I could have certainly done without all the religious paraphernalia and signage at the host stand. If I wanted to deal with that, I'd go to a pancake breakfast at a local church. Couldn't wait to get out of there.
4	Great menu! You can try something different every time. - Great breakfast food!
5	I'm a big fan of Terrace Cafe and the secret seems to be getting out. I went a little early and put our names in, so we were seated almost as soon as the rest of the party arrived, but I heard wait times of up to 45 minutes quoted and people were actually staying! What does that tell you about how yummy their food is? That people are willing to wait & have a morning beer at Taco Mac just to eat there? Worth waiting for!Anyway, I went for brunch with 3 other ladies and we all found something that sounded (and tasted!) excellent. However, I think I've written before about how good their food is, so I will take this opportunity to highlight their coffee. I never thought of them as a place to go specifically for coffee, but wow, they have upped their game on that front. My latte was perfection and one of my friends called her cappuccino "the best she'd ever had." Yum, will return. :D
5	I was in the Ballantyne area visiting from San Francisco, CA when I stumbled upon this cafe. OH MY!  I don't think there's enough or even the right words in the English dictionary to be able to describe the delectable flavors of this incredibly tasty restaurant. I ate there FOUR times while I was in the area. I has the following (not necessarily in this order):- Salted Caramel Mocha with soy milk - Coffee shops of the west coast (specifically SF) please contact the chef for the recipe and let me when you get it! This would replace my beloved long term addiction to Peets Coffee. And that's saying something! If you like salted caramel and chocolate and coffee, this is a drink worth trying. - S'mores French Toast - I don't think I could ever get this again since it was too sweet for me but despite that, I felt like I was sitting around a camp fire enjoying s'mores. Take a  trip back to childhood and try this treat. - Garlic Hummus - Had this with co-workers and while we all really enjoyed it, we all agreed it wasn't that garlicky. - Fennel Pollen Dusted Grouper - This was incredibly good! Although I wish there was a bit more asparagus on the plate but I am sure that's my California self showing. If you want to take a journey with your tastebuds, check this place out!
5	The best brunch in Charlotte!  The red velvet waffles, berry split, fried green tomatoes, were beyond outstanding! Worth the 40 monwait!
5	I wrote a review about the other location, but I had to come back and write a review about this location as we were there just this past weekend per a request of my sister and brother in law when they came to visit.My sister ordered the red velvet waffle, good as always.My brother in law ordered Eggs benedict and a side of the biscuits and gravy.  Their gravy is one of the bests that I have ever had, I will have to remember to get a side of that in the future!Kevin has some pork quiche.  I liked this much better than the quiche that I had last time at the other location.  This one was cooked better and just had a much better flavor.  Fantastic!I had the special waffle - it was a cinnamon bun waffle.  It was the best waffle that I have had, and I really wish they would put this on their regular menu, it is fabulous!  My only complaint was that it took awhile for us to get seated, but food was fast and excellent!
3	Food is really good.  But, the service is extremely slow. For some reason, they have difficulty with large groups.  Strange for a breakfast and brunch restaurant.  If you have plenty of time and don't mind a long wait, this is definitely a great option.  If you have a group of six or more, call ahead.
5	Great food! The menu is huge. We love this place. It's a great brunch spot. I had the biscuit and gravy last time And my boyfriend had one of the eggs Benedict. We haven't been for dinner yet though :( we will definitely be going back,
3	Mehh, I live right by piedmont row(walking distance) and I have walked by here on numerous occasions for walking my dog. I guess there has always been a good reason why I never tried this place. After coming here for lunch today with a friend, I am unimpressed. We came during prime time weekday lunch hour at noon, but most of the cafe is empty...I'd say only 1/3 full. When we entered, we were greeted and seated promptly. I did like our waiter a lot, he seemed professional, good-command of the manner, efficient and courteous (epitome of a good waiter). My friend and I haven't seen each other for a while so we were busy chatting, he told us that whenever we were ready to order we just need to close our menu, that way he'll know we are ready so he would not have to keep coming by to disturb us. This is a very smart idea, more restaurants need to do this!!I ordered the 1/2 soup half sandwich of chichken salad on a croissant and italian chicken noodle soup. I was not very happy with neither the sandwich or the soup. First of all, they only have 2 soups for you to choose from, there is no soup menu, it is just whatever soup is designated for soup of the day. I've had way better chicken salad sandwich, the filling was pretty bland, I did not like the flavor. My soup was very greasy, it came out red, I've never had red chicken noodle soup. My friend ordered the pimetto tomato sandwich with bacon with a side of fruit. Her sandwich also looked dry. The fruits that came as a side looked ok, but they are just fresh fruit, a combo of sweet melon, pineapple and large blackberry. We ordered a lemon truffle to share for dessert. That was the BEST part of the meal. The dessert was very rich. I really like the layered presentation, the top is shredded pieces of lemon, then whip cream, then cheesecake, then lemon tart, then ground pecan. Awesome. I will be willing to come back here for dessert but definitely not for a full blown meal. Also, they serve breakfast until 2:30PM.
5	This place has been on my bookmarks for the longest time.  Whenever it is expected for you to have a wait for brunch, seems like they have a good thing going here.Overall I was pretty impressed with the place despite all the buildup and anticipation I had.  Our group of 5 was seated after about 45 min of waiting for a table (the hostess was actually dead on with the wait time which was pretty impressive).  The unfortunate thing about Terrace Cafe is that they do not take reservations, you can call ahead if your party is more than 6 people (we were almost tempted to grab someone off the street to eat brunch with us to save us on time, but that didn't happen).After we were lead upstairs on the terrace level to a wide booth, our server got our drinks and went through the specials.  It took us a while to decide on food but when you want to try everything on the menu, it's a good problem to have.  You could tell that the servers here have to work their butts off due to the stairs (I'm assuming the kitchen is all below the terrace level seating).I had the Southern Sausage Benedict... and I about had to change my pants once I cut into the perfectly poached egg and watched it soak into the muffin and sausage below it.  My plate was cleaned in about 10 minutes and I was full to the brim.The other (slight) downside is that we were looking to get mimosas and get our drink on, but we forgot about NC laws that prohibit the sale of alcohol before noon on Sundays.  DOH!  A slight hitch in our plans, but we just rolled with it.  Next time we'll just meet "later" but it seems like the crowd doesn't really die down.  We were trying to beat the church crowd, but I think everyone else had that same idea as well.
2	Maybe I came on an understaffed day or a bad day in general. I arrived on a beautiful Wednesday around noon craving breakfast after reading the rave reviews. The decor was lovely- the general ambiance was very intimate and upscale without being stuffy. The hostess and server were okay. Not the nicest and friendliest but not the worst service either. Downfall was that it was extremely loud even though we were seated upstairs.My boyfriend loved his bacon waffle with fried chicken and a side of fruit. He wished that there was more bacon inside the waffle, but he did thoroughly enjoy it. I had a lot of problems with my food. I ordered a cappuccino (yummy!), the strawberry pancakes, side of fruit, and 2 sunny side up eggs. I could tell my food was ready first and sat for a while because the strawberries inside the pancakes made the pancakes soggier than they should have been- they were also lukewarm but I was starving so I just ate them. My eggs were also stone cold and I had to send then back. I can't comprehend how kitchen staff can send out cold eggs; sunny side up eggs are the easiest type of eggs to cook! After waiting so long on my meal the first time, I didn't even want to waste more time getting a replacement side for the eggs. Our meal came out to $32 which wasn't too bad at all. Maybe I'm a little biased since I work in a restaurant myself and am super critical due to that. I've had a better breakfast at IHOP than here and that's saying a lot! I will probably try to come here again on a weekend and try to get the amazing, delicious food that everyone else has enjoyed since I have apparently missed out on a good thing.
5	Shrimp n grits!!!! WOW was this food excellent......great service, and the Piedmont center is beautiful. Such a refreshing change from Chicago. This was walking distance from my hotel, the Renaissance. The coffee was excellent as well; I tasted a salted carmel latte. The cafe menu is extensive, and the food menu had a good variety.  I also tasted the filet medallions and eggs meal, the steak was cooked perfectly and was tender. My shrimp and grits was the highlight, however. I got the sauce on the side (I do not like very spicy food, and that BBQ sauce WAS spicy), and it was perfect. The chorizo and fried okra were delicious in it. Such an innovative dish.Next time I am in Charlotte, I will return!
5	One of my favorite brunch places in Charlotte! Right down the road from my home, this places never disappoints. The service is always top-notch and the staff is extremely friendly. I always get the Red Velvet Waffle with extra cream cheese drizzle (no shame) with a side of cheese grits. HEAVEN! I go to school in New England and I'm always overjoyed when I get to come home and head to the Terrace Cafe.
4	Had brunch at the Terrace Cafe on a recent weekend morning. It is a bit ironic that a place called the Terrace Cafe doesn't have any outdoor seating, but my understanding is that the other location does? We waited about 20 minutes for a table and were seated upstairs. Our waitress was very friendly and personable (Julie, I think.) I had the salted caramel latte, which was delicious, as well as the biscuit and gravy with fruit salad. They make the sausage in house, and it was very good. The dish comes with one large biscuit, smothered in their cream sausage gravy. I was a happy camper. My one complaint was that the fruit salad was a little bit warm - I would have preferred it cold and fresh out of the fridge. I'm sure we'll return for brunch, but I'd also like to try some of their lunch and dinner offerings -
4	Came for brunch on a Sunday around 930am and it was perfectly open with tables available. We walked in and were seated immediately. I've been to the Ballantyne location several times and have loved it. Ordered the BBQ Chicken quiche for my entree and where I can say it had great flavor, it definitely lacked in structure. Think it was just a matter of being cooked long enough, but it was definitely falling apart. Also, the dressing on the salad as a little wonky. I did love that the fruit on the side had the option of being all berries. Big plus. The rest of the meal was stellar per usual. Killer oatmeal, hashbrowns, orange juice, and silly, tilty glasses. Keep it rockin', Terrace. You've got a space in my heart. Cheers.
4	Love the shrimp & grits!!! Great place, food is always consistent.
4	One of my favorite places to have breakfast - from their eggs Benedict to the famous red velvet waffle, everything is delicious and up to par!I'm not a fan of their grits, but to each his own. This place definitely gets four stars! Atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. Definitely a great eat in the South Park area!
4	Great healthy and flavorful options. I need to remember that brrrrr its always cold in there. Pretty noisy for a business lunch but I always end up havng biz lunches here. Must be the killer service and breakfast all day options!
4	My wife and I went here during restaurant week. And we enjoyed our meal.I'm a sucker for prime rib so I ordered that. I'm not sure if it's still on their regular menu, but it was delicious. The sides were good too!Our server was very friendly and the food came out pretty quickly. From what I remember, the dining room could use a little reno, but it wasn't too bad. It wouldn't deter me from coming back. I've heard that brunch is awesome here. We've been meaning to give it a try. But from what I did experience at Terrace Cafe on our first visit, I would definitely like to return.
5	FRIED GREEN TOMATO HEAVEN.I seriously love this place. I've gone three times now, and every time it just gets better. I don't know how, but they continually outdo themselves. In terms of location & decor, I prefer SouthPark to Ballantyne, although both are nice and both are delicious.I've only been for brunch, but it's the best brunch food I've ever had. A couple of stand-out meals:Smores French Toast if you need an incredible sugar rush & incredible gourmet french toast.Lemon Poppyseed Waffle--not too sweet. It's just perfect. Fresh fruit on the side perfectly compliments.Biscuits and gravy--the best gravy I've ever had on a Southern biscuit. Period.Fried green tomatoes--you can see from the first sentence how I feel about them. I'm in love.Seriously. If you want a nice brunch, go to Terrace. Just remember that there's no alcohol before noon on Sundays :)
4	Great again - consistent, consistent, consistent,
5	The food is amazing and the service could not have been better.  We went on a Saturday and were seated quickly at the bar.  The chicken and waffle was great.  We also had the shrimp and grits and the red velvet waffle as well.  Each were wonderful.  The accompanying chicken breast is moist and delicious. If I lived in Charlotte, NC this would be my new favorite place for breakfast / brunch.
5	So glad i found this place!I am big on brunch and was looking for a new brunch spot in charlotte and this is certainly it! I had the red velvet waffles and they were absolutely delicious and very filling. Everything ordered at our table was great, i will definitely be back. A+ for the presentation as well, i love food that looks almost too good to eatHighly recommended for brunch.
5	This place is banging! While driving through Charlotte on my way to SC I Yelped it up and found this place for breakfast. I had the Shrimp & Grits and my wife had the Red Velvet Waffle. Both of them were amazing. I was a little concerned with the corporate feel of the area and the corporate feel and design of the restaurant, but after eating her I just don't care. Banging!
4	We ave been here for breakfast and dinner several times.  It's really good food and really creative.  Family friendly too.
4	Thanks to Yelp, I got a chance to check this place out during restaurant week.  This place is really tasty and I can't wait to check out brunch sometime!Here's a breakdown of what we got to try:Fried Green Tomatoes (4/5): Great level of crispiness in the batter, which was a little plain-tasting.  However, the pimento cheese served with them adds a great touch and makes them much more flavorful.Biscuits (4/5): I love that they are served with some sort of pepper jelly.  They are so tiny, maybe 2 inches in diameter.  They were not dry and surprisingly flaky.Blue crab bisque (4.5/5): Very rich and flavorful.  Full of great crab flavor.  The sherry really complemented the flavors.Wedge salad (3.5/5): The bleu cheese is relatively smooth in this, so I appreciated it.  I loved the crispy red onion - they were the BOMB!  However, it's a little too much wedge and not enough of the delicious toppings.Terrace fried chicken (4.5/5): The fried chicken was excellent!  The batter was great, it was a good size, and the gravy was fantastic.  The mashed potatoes were rich and creamy, just how I like them.  The collard greens were good as well, and they reminded me of these fantastic ones that made me fall in love with cooked greens.Chicken and Waffle (5/5):  Ok, this was seriously amazeballs!  The watermelon salad paired so well and was so refreshing with everything.  I could have eaten a whole plate of this alone.  The waffled and chicken were good on their own, but then came the red hot syrup.  Holy guacamole!  It had the perfect level of spicy sweetness that just brought the whole meal together.  This is my favorite chicken and waffles dish I've ever had.We also ordered drinks, and mine came out a great electric green, which ruled.  Since we came on a weeknight, it wasn't too busy, which was fantastic.  I am glad I made a reservation just in case, though.The service was good, but some weirdness came when the bill got there.  I had a gift card for $60 and with the drinks it should have come up to around $75.  However, the bill was around $85.  I called the waitress over to ask about it, and she never really gave me a very good explanation about what the extra charges were.  It was not added gratuity because I asked.  I did not see a manager or anyone else around, and by that time we were headed to a movie we did not want to miss.  It never did get resolved and I'm pretty sure we got overcharged.  I would just caution people using a gift card to watch out what the final bill ends up being.  This was very annoying.Still, the food was good and I think I would probably come back.
5	Awesome brunch and dinner us actually pretty good. Red velvet waffle is to die for. Must try if you are looking for a great Sunday brunch.
5	Best breakfast in Charlotte and lunch/dinner is great too! I've been to both locations but I go to the Southpark location more often since I live there. I've loved everything from biscuits and gravy to the Y Omlet. It is a little pricier than some local breakfast joints but let's be honest, it is worth it. They do a lot of fresh ingredients which is a huge plus in my mind.
3	The good: Chicken & apple sausage. Yum!The bad: VERY limited gluten free options. The waitress wasn't willing to work with me. I ended up ordering off the a la carte menu. How difficult would it be to add a plate with eggs + protein + fruit/side.
5	Service friendly and quickAtmosphere light but a little noisy. I had the BLT on sourdough which is a favorite of mine.  I also had the grits that were warm and good and fried green tomatoes. They weren't as good as moms but were very good. I would definitely come back.
4	I met a friend here for lunch on a Wednesday and while I had been in the Piedmont Town Center for Taco Mac, I had never been here!  She had suggested it, raving about their brunch on Sundays, so it sounded wonderful.  The atmosphere is quaint and lovely, charming in a "brunch-ey" kind of way.  We were seated quickly and the lunch crowd was already in full swing.  Our server was prompt and attentive and didn't rush us, which was nice because we were catching up, leisurely.  I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with a side salad with balsamic vinaigrette.  My friend ordered the BLT with extra bacon and fries.  My sandwich was delicious, although I asked for the blue cheese sauce to be put on the side, as I am more of a ranch dressing kinda girl.  Glad I did....the blue cheese sauce (or fondue as they called it) was too overpowering for the delightful breading and tasty wing sauce on the chicken.  I dipped it in ranch and was quite happy!  The salad was yummy, although the dressing was too oily, so I would suggest sticking with the ranch, as it was delicious!  I sampled my friends' fries and they were quite nice, too!  Overall, I would like to come back for the brunch here, as the red velvet waffles sound to-die-for!
5	Am I in Heaven?  I think I'm in love with this place.  One of my besties' took me to this place for brunch and that's when I fell in love.  Yeah, I went there for the Red Velvet Waffles w/ cream cheese drizzled on top because it sound intriguing but that wasn't the highligh of my experience.  When we walked into this beautiful establishment, I loved the soft and easy low-key tones of the restaurant.  I felt like we were in a movie.  Although it was packed, the ambiance was very relaxing and comforting.  The star of the show for me was definitely the chicken apple sausage (which is made fresh at the restaurant).  It is so delicious that I am still at a loss for words!  It is definitely something that you'd have to try for yourself.  So let me back up a bit,  I ordered the red velvet waffles, chicken apple sausage, and stone ground grits w/ cheese.   Lately, I have to admit, I have not liked anyone's grits besides my own, but let me tell you...if you're craving grits and you don't want to make them yourself--give this place a try.  I personally cannot wait to go back and try other things on the menu.
5	Delicious!  Went on a thursday at noon and it was pleasantly crowded.  I had the special, which was red pepper pasta with scallops, and it was heaven!  The scallops were cooked perfectly.  My dining companions loved their lunch as well, the crab cake blt, and the lemon chicken.  I really wanted the spicy bloody mary, but had to go to work, so the waiter brought me a taste of the mix.  It was great, spicy, but not too spicy.  Will be back to have this drink at some point.  Great prices too.
5	I consider myself a breakfast guru, and Terrace Cafe never disappoints.  It's so good that I can't believe I've never written a review of it before!  This is our go-to place on an early Sunday morning, and we love sitting at the small bar where you can watch the news highlights and see the delicious food coming out of the kitchen.Speaking of delicious food, I wish the Berry Split wasn't so good.  I see tons of other items on the breakfast menu that look delicious (hello, red velvet waffles!), but the Berry Split is so tempting with fresh strawberries, blackberries, raspberries, blueberries and bananas lightly smothered in yogurt and granola with a side of dense, buttery, cinnamony coffee cake that I can't tear myself away from it.  I don't even open the menu anymore because I'm officially addicted to that dang Berry Split!  Even the coffee is delicious - strong without being bitter. This past Sunday, the fella got a Benedict of some sort... I think there was Canadian bacon, but I can't be positive because I was too busy inhaling mine to care too much what he was eating.Stop reading this and go to Terrace Cafe for breakfast right now.  It can get a little busy on Sunday mornings, so go early (they open at 8:00) if you want to enjoy a little peace and quiet with your omelet.
5	Delicious ! Nice variety of food perfect for brunch the red velvet waffles are to die for and the cream cheese drizzle puts it over the edge the shrimp in grits are savory and hearty nice portions and great atmosphere get there early on Sunday
5	consistently good food and service
5	Carefully and meticulously prepared food in a casual setting ... surprisingly so actually. Service is attentive and excellent making this a sure thing for future trips to the area
5	Great place for breakfast. My eggs benedict cooked perfectly.
2	We arrived at Terrace Cafe on Sunday around 1pm, that might be where we went wrong.  My expectations were high after reading all the reviews online, but we did not seem to have a great food experience.The BEC (Bacon, Egg and Cheese Biscuit) I ordered was decent at best - the biscuit was rock hard.  I took the top off and ate the bacon, egg and cheese open faced, luckily they were all good.  We also ordered the California French Toast (orange flavored french toast).  The only orange flavor was the mandarin oranges in my fruit cup.  The cranberry orange butter was good, and the toast was cooked very well - thick toast, a little overcooked, but there just wasn't much flavor.  We also had the Breakfast Casserole which was good.  The menu said it had a pastry bottom, but the bottom of ours was just the eggs, no pastry bottom.  Great service.  Maybe we just came too late or on a bad day, but the food was just not that impressive.For more on this review check out: http://hungrytotravel.wordpress.com
5	I was staying nearby and wanted a yummy spot for breakfast, yelp told me this was a good spot. I was not disappointed. I was there around 9am on a weekday, so not very busy. All the staff were super friendly and accommodating. I really like how the menu has some funny, quirky items, like the red velvet waffle (what I had and holey-moley was it awesome!), the banana split yogurt parfait, and a chocolate covered cherry latte. The food was very good and service great. When I told my server I thought the latte was not flavored enough, she took it back and added more syrup. There was a lot of seating, but I could see why this place might get packed with people at peak times. I will be going back here again the next time I am in Charlotte for sure!
5	During the Holiday season, my family and I enjoyed an amazing meal at Terrace Cafe.  It was my second visit there and I was so excited to take my girls back for a treat.  As with my first visit, the food was phenomenal and the service matched the food. Our table was well represented with egg dishes and sweet bites...two orders of veggie omelet, a California Waffle, and Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes.  The coffee is good and the wait staff was on stand-by for refills.  This was a great way to spend some quality family time together.
5	Best breakfast in Charlotte. Red velvet waffles, pancakes, sides, including hash browns were all scratch made. So were the biscuits and the breakfast casserole I ate. All good! My hubby is a coffee snob and he loved the French press. Expect a wait but so worth it.
4	Went again yesterday and again it was excellent.  Still high quality, consistent, good service, everything you could ask.  I had the steak salad, wife had breakfast, daughter had banana pancakes, all great.  Consistency counts.
3	After seeing pictures of the red velvet waffle, I wanted to come try it.  I came on a Sunday afternoon.  The wait was about 45 minutes, but I was able to get a seat at the bar, after about 20 minutes. The waffle, topped with cream cheese drizzle was good overall, but I think it would help with the authenticity of red velvet if there was cocoa in the batter.Besides that, I had a cup of coffee, which was good and a side of fruit.I would consider Terrace Cafe again for a breakfast or brunch spot.
4	I'm happy.  This is the first time I had breakfast and now can couple that experience with the many lunches and some dinners here.  All experiences were good.This is a cafe with a full bar.  Nothing fancy, but it is comfortable with a good menu.The breakfast was basic with some nice spins.  I had a three egg, must have been small eggs at that, omelet with hash browns and toast.  Juice.  The omelet was just fine, but small and the hash-browns were outstanding rounds of crispiness on both sides.  Bravo!The surprise spin was strawberry jam, which I first thought was a form of ketchup.  I don't like strawberry jam, but tried this guy and it was terrific.  Just mushed up strawberries with just enough lemon and sweetener to bring out their best.  I must say that I inhaled that jam on a piece of rye bread and it was like dessert.The waitress, Melanie, told me that they have some other home made jams that they rotate each week or so.  Last week I missed blueberry mango.  Yes, I sure did.My wife and I especially like their lunches.  Menu has great plates, salads and sandwiches and all meals have fried green tomatoes available.  Dinner menu is not too different from lunch, just a few other main plates.Nice atmosphere, good for first dates, business meals and simply a place to get fed and have a few drinks...perhaps.  They do a good job and you will like the flatware, glassware and plates. You will see.
3	The red velvet waffle was pretty good but could use extra red velvet powder for a bigger wow factor. I felt like there was just enough to add color but not a enough for a deep red velvet flavor. It's $10 so more red velvetiness should be standard. Still enjoyed it, though.Hash browns were undercooked and al dente, only one side was cooked which is disappointing. Hash browns aren't even hard to make. They should be crisp on both sides, soft in the center, and have the perfect amount of grease.The green tomatoes weren't anything special either, we didn't finish them and noticed the table across from us didn't either.Service was good and attentive. Will be back to try some more since the menu has some good sounding items. This place had a good amount of people in it.
1	I am incredibly disappointed to give such a poor review. I was so excited to try this place, especially the crab cake blt. I do have to note that the flavors of the dish were fine, not wonderful, but good enough to pay for. However my mother found two short black hairs on her plate. Neither of us have short black hair. The inexcusable part was the manner in which it was handled. The server was rude and unapologetic. And shockingly only half of the cost of the meal was removed from the bill. It is pretty standard in my opinion that when a dish is deemed inedible due to sanitation issues, it should be completely taken off.
4	The breakfast here is amazing! Specifically the big breakfast... The only thing odd here is the parking situation but the service has been great the few times I've been here the atmosphere is great even though it is rather tiny in size but don't let that fool you
5	I highly recommend this place to everyone! They close their breakfast and brunch at 2:30 (which is a bummer) and reopen later for dinner. I love everything on their menu but some of my all time favorites is shimp & gritz, fillet Benedict, salmon Asian salad, crab cake blt and the red velvet waffle. Their servers are just the sweetest!
5	So, it's a Saturday morning and I'm in the kitchen making over-easy eggs accompanied by toast, baby tomatoes and fresh basil and my boyfriend in the living room says, "you're cooking? I thought we could go to brunch." Oh... okay. I never say no to brunch so stopped in my tracks and plated the "breakfast appetizers," considering it a good idea since any good breakfast place in Charlotte seems to have a 20-30 minutes wait.I was right. We drove down to South Park and put our name in (30 minute wait, as anticipated) and decided to do a little shopping at the Container Store while we waited. We're getting pretty good at fitting errands into dining based on location. Anyway, once 25-30 minutes had gone by we headed back to Terrace, where the hostess was ready to take us to our table. Perfect timing! We were seated upstairs overlooking the restaurant and ordered coffee and fresh orange juice. I had the shrimp and grits (I'm becoming quite the southerner) and we shared a side of the red velvet waffles... OMG. Both were so amazing. I'm not even a waffle person when I brunch, but these were stellar. Also, give me something cajun with a side of okra and I'm a happy girl- big fan of Terrace's shrimp and grits. I left full but surprisingly not feeling TOO full- we still had a lot of errands to run that day. Oh, Saturdays!
5	What don't they have? I'm never disappointed in this resturant. Nice atmosphere, great service, delicious food.
4	Good experience for dinner date. Definitely was pretty empty/quiet. Go for brunch if you want it to feel like a "terrace cafe". Food's always good. Server accommodated paleo request to boot!
4	The steak seems getting smaller but the flavor is still there. The Texas chili bowl is tasty
2	The food was just meh. The "atmosphere" relatively non-existent. It does appear to be a very family friendly place, so I guess that's a plus. I ordered the veggie omelette, added cheese, subbed grits & a biscuit. The dish was intended to be healthy, but I did my best to change that. Unfortunately the food was just incredibly bland. It was disappointing, especially because of the cost. If you're going on a weekend, get there early, it gets packed. I don't think I'll be back though.
4	The breakfast here is excellent!!  The waffles, chicken apple sausage & steak & eggs were delicious!!!!  The service was prompt but very attentive!!!! Luv this breakfast spot!!!!I would have given it 5 stars but the wait coupled with the parking were 2 huge challenges :(
5	First time at the Terrace Cafe and I can say that it definitely live up to the hype.  I am rather discerning about my desserts and red velvet is my favorite however I rarely find a really good red velvet anything. With that said, the red velvet waffles were amazing.  Light and fluffy; kinda opposite of how a red velvet cake or cupcake is but it works.  It is flavorful and the cream cheese icing is as light and perfect.  I am extremely impressed.  The shrimp and grits was delicious and savory.  I only had a bite but will definitely order it on another occasion.  I may not be a connoisseur of fried green tomatoes since I am not a Southerner and thought these were alright. I probably wouldn't order them again.If you are in the Queen City, definitely make the time to come to the Terrace Cafe! A must stop on your culinary path.
2	This is mediocre at best for dinner.  I have to assume the good reviews are based off a breakfast experience because our first time dinner experience was blah across the board. It felt and tasted like an upscale cafeteria experience... not good.
4	You simply can't beat this place for breakfast. They have great eggs Benedict. Service is always been fast and good. Parking looks like it's going to be trouble but it's not. All you have to do is park in the parking deck. I've never had an issue.
4	I'm so glad I found this place! It was my first time, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes cute restaurants with good food.The Good:1) It's a great location! I am staying at the Doubletree Hilton Southpark and it was maybe a 5 minute drive. I had considered walking, but the forecast called for rain. I don't know why people complained about parking. Yeah, I had to drive to the fourth level of the parking garage, but it was completely free. Especially given the area, the parking situation was great. 2) Decor. It had a cute feel. There was a chalkboard with drinks listed which was cute. I love chalkboards. Also, I sat at the top level over looking the restaurant, so I was able to look at everybody's food and drinks before I ordered.3) Food. The most important part! It was extremely hard to decide what to eat because I wanted everything (in part because I'm visiting from upstate NY where you can't find chicken and waffles, grits, biscuits and gravy, etc). I decided on the red velvet waffle with chicken, a side of fruit, and a half order of biscuits n gravy. I loved the waffle! It had cream cheese frosting on it. Not much, just enough for sweetness. I didn't even add syrup. The chicken was a little dry, but it had great flavor and was very crunchy. The biscuit and gravy was good. It wasn't salty, but was creamy, the biscuit was fluffy, it was just nice. The fruit was ok.4) Service. The hostess was nice. I called before  I came, and the hostess was helpful with all my questions. My waiter was just ok. He didn't seem too happy to be there, but he did take back the one item I didn't like (lemonade) and didn't charge me. I will say, though, he was a lot nicer than many other waiters I've encountered in this area.The Bad:1) The Lemonade- Since I've been visiting NC this week, I've had much of my favorite fast food, Chick fil A. That being said, the bar is pretty high for lemonade, especially at the price they're charging for it. I expected a fresh squeezed lemonade with real sugar, but I think it was some kind of mix, maybe Minute Maid. It went back.2) Cupcake Latte- They had several flavors, including Peanut Butter Cup latte, but I've never had cupcake flavor so I went for it. It was plain. It just tasted like a really sweet latte. I'll pass.3) Dessert- Yeah, I had dessert too (but I got it to go, don't judge!) I got the pineapple upside down cake, which has a layer of cheesecake in the middle. It came cold, which is fine since I was taking it and could heat it later. It's good, and really sweet. The pineapples on top are amazing. But it was $7 for a small slice. Not that I needed a lot, I just feel like it's overpriced.For the red velvet waffle with chicken and side of fruit, biscuit and gravy side, pineapple upside down cake, and cupcake latte, I paid $31. Not too bad I guess. I really liked the place, so I'd go again.
5	I always have high hopes for brunch. Checking Yelp beforehand, I decided Terrace Cafe would be worth trying. It certainly did not disappoint.Terrace Cafe is one of the few places that I know of in Charlotte that does brunch on Saturdays. They also don't take reservations, so expect a wait due to its popularity. I went with my boyfriend at 11:40AM on Saturday and were seated within 30 minutes.Their bloody marys were good. Warning: the Diablo Bloody Mary was very spicy, but the others were of normal intensity. We ordered the shrimp & grits, chocolate chip waffle, and biscuits & gravy. The shrimp & grits was good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce they had. The waffle was a good cake-y consistency (I prefer it that way). The biscuits & gravy were to die for. And I've grown up in the south my whole life. All in all, I had a good experience. Food was good, service was quick and accommodating, and the restaurant had a good vibe to its decor.
5	I have been here several times for Sunday brunch. The menu has a lot of options. Shrimp and grits is too good. Their red velvet waffle is excellent!! Orange juice is really fresh squeezed OJ!
4	After landing in Charlotte, all I wanted were some good grits and brunch. Terrace Cafe was a wise, wise choice!Kenzie K. and I were here on a Saturday morning, with a 45 minute wait. Clearly, everyone else in Charlotte loves brunch a much as we do. Luckily, there's a nice little waiting area outside and you can also order some coffee or drinks from the bar while you're waiting. Now, I'm a bit of a traditionalist when it comes to benedicts, but the Sausage Eggs Benedict (eggs, sausage, and Hollandaise on a biscuit) with cheese grits was beyond tasty. We also got the Fried Oyster Salad (it's a salad so it's definitely healthy, right?) Overall, great food and I wish I was able to try more of the menu when I was here!
2	This review is for dinner only: We went for dinner mid-week. It was my first time here, and I found the ambiance cold (literally & figuratively). Waiter and manager were both very friendly and attentive. We were pleased to see they now offer breakfast all day long (always a plus when it's fresh and tasty). However, we were sad to see their dinner & lunch menu seemed a bit watered down. This is clearly a great place for breakfast, brunch & lunch - dinner, not so much. I'm told they used to have a delicious pork chop entree - but it's completely gone from the menu and the kitchen (we asked). I ordered the soup of the day (basil tomato) which was really great! I also got the chicken salad with a "large scoop" of the chicken salad on top of the sweet salad. Large scoop? I don't think so, it was a very small amount of chicken salad and it was basically a little white meat chicken, with bland mayonnaise and a few small pieces of pineapple. Boring, small and disappointing. We also were expecting some kind of bread or role with dinner that was supposedly really good and typically provided. It never came at all. My friend ordered the chicken & grits which is 'normally amazing.' Instead, it was greasy (a burgundy colored ring and pools of grease with seasoning pooled her dish), and she had one huge glop of melted cheese - it was actually impressive, but not in a good way. My other friend ordered the crab cake BLT, which was fairly tasty in reality. It had a horseradish flavor throughout, so if you don't like that, beware. Desert time came, and we were ready for our peanut butter pie! They were looking forward to it all week. We ordered it, and the waiter joked, "Great, where's the peanut butter pie coming from?" We thought he was teasing us, but we learned they keep changing the menu and completely did away with the peanut butter pie. Saddened, we skipped desert and paid. Food was OK at best, but amid their seeming transformation at the moment, they're a bit lost. We probably won't return to this frigid (temperature), drab (ambiance) and lackluster menu. Staff was good, but the food was a miss. Not bad, but not as good as it should have been. Seems they're trying to figure out who they are as a restaurant outside of breakfast... hope they figure it out.
5	This is the one place I like to bring out of town guest. It never disappoints. Customer service is generally good but today our servers seemed preoccupied but the he food is always delicious. Today I was freezing in here since I forgot my jacket, but everything else was exceptional! My favorite breakfast place in Charlotte!!! The red velvet waffles is delicious, I always get extra drizzle, but I generally don't use syrup because I'm not a fan of super sweet!!!
5	Where to start with this place. First, the ambiance when you walk in is top notch. The layout is great with plenty of seating both downstairs and up. We sat upstairs and had a great view of the restaurant. The food is incredible. We ordered a variety of items all of which were comparable (if not a bit better!) than some of the eclectic breakfast joints in Asheville. Between the three of us we shared the red velvet waffle, banana bread French toast, bacon egg and cheese biscuit, and the egg and cheese biscuit. All were some of the best we've ever had. We will definitely be coming back to the terrace cafe. It is a must stop while in Charlotte.
4	This is a good breakfast spot to bring out-of-town visitors to. Families as well as couples will enjoy it.  Ask to sit upstairs, it's a nice view.  Coffee is great and so are their hash browns...so good!
4	Came here for brunch with a coworker. The reviews on yelp and the unique menu selection is what enticed me to try this place out.The service was good - they seated us right away.I ordered the infamous red velvet waffles.  They were a little too sweet for my taste, but good. The atmosphere was homely feeling. It was small, quaint, and nicely decorated. I would recommend this place for breakfast or brunch. If I'm in the area again, I would revisit this place.
4	The food choices I had were just ok (banana bread french toast and fried green tomatoes). Wouldn't get either again. The Sunshine cocktail was delish as well as the thick sliced bacon. Extremely packed on Sundays for brunch but the service and atmosphere was great. I'd definitely come back to try other menu items.
5	Wow, is all that I can say!   I visited here while on a long flight layover in Charlotte.  I journeyed here based on Yelp reviews and I'm glad that I did.   I ordered the Garlic Shrimp Pasta with a side of fried green tomatoes.  My daughters ordered the crabcake benedict and pancakes.   Everything was fresh and DELICIOUS!   The fried green tomatoes were nice breaded and seasoned and not at all greasy, served with a remoulade sauce and pimento cheese (yum!).  The pasta was prepared perfectly, large shrimp, al dente pasta, wilted spinach and diced tomato.  My daughters enjoyed their entrees, including the side of cheese grits and hashbrown patty that accompanied their meals.  We shared the bourbon pecan tart with vanilla ice cream which was absolutely divine!!!
4	Only been during breakfast and lunch and the staff was good and so was the food. Overall, nice place for brunch but the wait can be crazy.
3	I came here with my wife and friends for a birthday brunch, which I thought would be amazing. Firstly, this place is extremely crowded. If we weren't happy to sit at the bar area, we would have had to wait 20-30 minutes to be seated.  When you get to your table, you will notice that all the silverware and bowls/plates are not pieces you can find in your local Macy's.  All the cutlery and bowls are designed to be very curved and give the feeling that you're about to eat in a fancy restaurant. The menu is fairly large and everything is pretty expensive but I ignored the prices and ordered the "Shrimp and Grits"My Shrimp and Grits were spicy, mixed in with what I think were bacon bits, and had a few okras laid out on the top. While it was very unique in its flavors, the combination of spicy, okra-ey, shrimpy, bacon-et, and creamy left me oh-so-slightly nauseous.  I don't want to say it was bad in any way, but I did think it was made to "wow" guests rather than to actually be a delicious breakfast.  The past week I had just gone to a place in Davidson called Restaurant X which I thought was spectacular without trying too hard to be "unique" so I have to admit that I was a bit disappointed to pay more, and get a less pleasant experience. On a side tangent, this is the only restaurant I have ever been to that has mouth-wash in its bathrooms.I felt that the Terrace Cafe is trying too hard to be different, and not trying hard enough to make a delicious meal. It's crowded, a bit pricey, and too experimental to be delicious, and thus I can sadly only give Terrace Cafe only 3-stars for now.
4	This place has some of the best brunch I've had. I got the Lemon Poppy Seed French Toast and it was like eating lemon cake it was sooo good. Only items I didn't enjoy was the Turkey Bacon, it was too dry. My girls friends each had waffles and chicken and no complaints from anyone! Will definitely be back for more.
5	The wait to be seated for brunch on Sundays can be long, but well worth the wait! I was one of a party of five and we purposely ordered a little of everything on the menu, so we could all sample one anothers' food. From the red velvet waffle, to the butter pecan waffle with pieces of banana mixed in the actual waffle, to lemon poppy seed french toast topped with fresh fruit, to fried chicken, to chicken sausage, to fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese, to biscuits, to  cheese grits - EVERYTHING was perfectly prepared and taste sooo good!Don't even think about eating modestly if coming here! Prepare to pig out and to have your taste buds awakened!  Enjoy!
5	Went for a walk to find dinner and happened upon the Terrace Cafe`, Ian C assisted me with some suggestions and I asked which would hold up as I walked back to my room. Ian offered the chicken strips. He was very friendly and courteous. When I opened my container I found enough food for two! It was very good and more than I could eat. I hope to return for breakfast and would recommend anyone to try the place tucked around the corner from all of the other more fancier restaurants.
5	I don't usually write reviews, or ever give 5 stars, but I had one of the BEST breakfasts I have ever had at Terrace Cafe. I'm a big fan of red velvet cake, so when I saw they had a red velvet waffle, I had to try it. In a word: AMAZING. Not too sweet, light fluffy batter, cream cheese "syrup".... Like nothing I've ever had before. I ordered it with fried chicken, which was a boneless, generously sized crispy piece of all white meat, served on the side. I put it on the waffle for a pure decadent taste experience. Yum, yum, yum!And as a side note, my order came with hash browns, which were some of the best I've ever had. Obviously they were fresh, shredded by hand with just the right amount of onion mixed in for flavor, and fried to a crispy golden finish on top. My boyfriend is kind of a picky eater, and he could not stop raving about how great the hash browns were.Excellent service, full bar (I had a mimosa), and a nice comfortable atmosphere (we ate outside) all make this place a "must visit" whenever I'm in Charlotte.
4	Wait was longer than we were quoted, but food was all as good as we had hoped for. Hubby had the red velvet waffle with fried chicken and loved it. I had the steak and eggs and it was cooked perfectly. Our server was fantastic and took good care of us.
5	Service was fantastic, everyone was incredibly helpful and SO NICE!! We had Nate as our server who was just the nicest dude I've had as a server! But the greatest part was of course the FOOD! Florentine eggs benedict = AMAZING!!! Was just a wonderful place all around.AND! They carry stevia in their sugar caddies! Definitely one of my favorite little touches.
4	I've heard a lot about this place and decided to visit while I was in Charlotte and was not disappointed. It is great for breakfast. I enjoyed the quick and friendly service despite the long wait lines (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars) although I will say it was completely worth it. I ordered the signature red velvet waffle with cream cheese frosting/syrup and it was especially delicious with a side of fruit. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a great breakfast/brunch.
5	This is a perfect place for burch!!! I came here for brunch for my bday and it was a great start for my new day :) First of all, very convenient for parking, as soon as you walk out from the parking lot, and it's on the right hand side!!! This restaurant is way bigger then u thought when I see it from outside, upstairs and down stairs wherever you prefer to sit.The service was great, the waitress was super friendly and sweet!! As for the main part- food. So I ordered the red velvet chicken waffle with hash brown , then an egg white vegetable omelet with fresh fruit. I have to say what we ordered were just Perfect!!!! The chicken from the waffle was amazing, so crispy and moist, the waffle was phenomenal, really well done, the fruits were so fresh, egg white omelet just so clean and healthy non greasy!!!! Over all, fresh ingredient and perfect cooking just makes me happy:)))
5	The food was delicious and our server was really knowledgeable and friendly. I got the Filet Bendict and my bf got the shrimp and grits, both we're amazing! The homemade coffee cake is too delicious for words! The best part is this place is not expensive.
4	This is well worth the wait and drive: the red velvet waffles are amazing and the eggs Benedict tasted fresh and delicious. The drop coffee and fresh orange juice were great compliments to the sweet and salty meal. Highly recommended for the atmosphere and the food. Service was a tad bid slow but  we went at prime time on a Saturday and that is expected. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful though. On par with my favorite places in Cali...enjoy.
5	The location was a little out there but it was our first time we went there and it was amazing food! We had the omlett with pancakes and both dishes were incredible! The service was also quick and friendly which made us definitely want to come back!
4	Terrace Cafe is a solid lunch place! I've been there a couple of times and the food has never, ever been bad. The restaurant is very well lit and has two stories so there is plenty of space. I'm not usually a salad person, but I haven't had anything else from there... their oyster salad (both Caesar and Spinach) are very good! I look over the menu and want to pick something different, but every time I end up getting the salad. The service is good so overall I'm pretty happy going there for lunch. I've heard their brunch is even better though! I'll have to try it soon.
4	Solid breakfast/brunch place. Be fair warned that its pretty crowded and we had to wait a good 30 minutes be seated at noon on a Sunday. The food was delicious and the service was good as well. Overall I was pleased.
1	food was great!!service suck!!our server didnt even refill our water until it was time for us to go.he had to send the bus boy to do it.we notice the whole hour we was there he was just to busy flirting with this two young ladies .we felt totally ignored the whole time we was there.yea great food but not worth going back is service suck!!food took about 20min and the cafe only had about 3 tables on a friday night!
5	Love!! Love!! Love!! This place!! The breakfast is amazing no matter what you order. Service is great and so friendly.
5	I love this place! I loved that we were able to grab bar seating on a Sunday at noon the moment we walked it. We were able to "skip" the line because of bar seating. YES! I felt awesome because of this. Bar seating was definitely a great experience especially for our first time at Terrace Cafe as the bar is right next to the kitchen. I can see the chefs working hard to ensure that the plates of food are set correctly before sending them out to patrons to enjoy. I enjoyed observing the chefs work while I enjoy my meal. FOOD- Steak & Eggs || two perfectly cooked filet medallions, two eggs, and choice of either grits or hash browns -- I ordered both. I requested my filet medallions to be medium and they were just perfect. I ordered my eggs over easy and placed them on top of my sliced and toasted croissant. I was scared my hash browns were going to be soggy and not crispy so I ordered them to be well done or extra crispy; however, I found out that this is not needed as mine were too crispy. The Steak & Eggs were just perfect. It's a must order. I'm craving it at this moment!- Eggs Benedict - Filet || two filet medallions, two eggs, and hollandaise sauce all on top of biscuits with a side of hash browns. Very nice twist to eggs benedict. If you're craving steak and eggs benedict at the same time --- you should try ordering this. - Long Island Peach Tea || Adult Drink -- very good and very strong. i love the twist that they have to the traditional Long Island by adding Peach flavors.- Pineapple Guava Sangria || Adult Drink -- this drink was very light as it only has white wine and is mixed with lots of fruit juices like guava and pineapple. Something you should order if you're looking for a light adult drink with your meal.SERVICE/AMBIANCE/LAST NOTESService was impeccable. I know we sat a the bar and service should be the best since we are right next to the kitchen, but I can see that if we sat at a regular table, our service would be impeccable as well as you see the servers working hard to get food out to patrons. The restaurant is surprisingly very spacious as there are tables upstairs and downstairs. Parking is free as you can park around the complex. If there is a wait, please see the hostess, give your name and phone numbers and she will text you when you're table is ready. Overall, this is my favorite restaurant by far this weekend and I will definitely come back to visit Charlotte because of Terrace Cafe. Many friends suggested that I should try the Red Velvet Waffles with a drizzle of cream cheese -- which I will try on my next visit as it is a very popular item!
5	The hummus appetizer was great as was the lemon poppy French toast. Cute atmosphere and great service too
5	Terrace Cafe is wonderful place for brunch. My husband took me for my birthday brunch and we had lovely time. It was weekend so we had to wait for sometime before we got seating but trust me it was worth the wait.We ate so much we could hardly move :) I guess this is best way to celebrate birthday! I loved their famous Red Velvet Waffles. Great Service and great food!
4	This place is finger licking good. A very nice setting and the food us very good! Portions seen to be big. The red velvet pancakes are a must have!
5	This place is the BEST! The chicken and waffles are to die for...even my child's dinosaur pancakes were delish! Can't say enough good things about this restaurant.They are a little pricey, but totally worth it for food that is actually really good.
4	The food was amazing! The atmosphere was warm and the service was great! I will most definitely go back!
4	Very good all around spot for breakfast and lunch. Great waffles, omelets and pancakes. But if you're looking for something a little more filling, the fried chicken is out of this world. Expect a wait on the weekends but it usually moves pretty quickly.
3	I was expecting to be thoroughly impressed and I have heard so many great things about their Red Velvet Waffle. I went this past Sunday for brunch with a friend. And it was just okay. First of all the red velvet waffle just tasted like a regular waffle, it needs more cocoa in their batter to give more of a taste. At least their cream cheese syrup wasn't too sweet. Their hash browns could have used some seasoning. And the fried chicken, is really a chicken breast cut in half and battered and fried. I have had better brunch at the Cheesecake factory, Bistro La Bon, 131 Main, and Pike's Place. It just boggles my mind that there are so many good reviews when their food is just average. Also we ordered a hot chocolate and vanilla latte. The hot chocolate was just water with some cheap cocoa powder, I could have made a better hot chocolate with my godiva cocoa powder mix and the vanilla latte you could just taste a cheap vanilla abstract. I am not trying to be negative I am just keeping it very honest so others will not get disappointed like me. However, the wait staff was great.
5	I am not much of a breakfast person, but this place was great.  It is a bit pricey for breakfast but worth it.  The red velvet waffle is to die for, and the grits were the best I have ever had.  Definitely looking forward to going back!
5	Best pumpkin latte I have ever had in my life. Awesome southern style biscuits and gravy, perfect soft scrambled eggs and creative french toast options. So glad we tried them out on our short visit to Charlotte!
3	A la carte pricing isn't my favorite thing but the food is good. Nice atmosphere, parking, not bad....
5	The location of the place is really nice.  The staff pleasant and the food even better.  Definitely worth the effort!
5	Awesome place!! The fried green tomatoes with pimiento cheese is absolutely to die for! Also the omelet you make yourself is amazing with goat cheese!!
5	In the words of my mama, wooooo child! Lol the best breakfast I've ever had hands down. The red velvet waffle was perfect! The chicke was well seasoned and the hash browns were fresh and on point. The mimosa didn't lack anything and actually gave us all a slight buzz. The rest of my party enjoyed their meals as well. From what i was told they had the best steak and eggs in the world. The steak was a small portion though. .. sort of pricey in all for breakfast but well worth it... th ey have a great selection. I would like to return and try a few other items on the menu....
4	Get to Terrace Cafe stat if you are a professional brunch'er life myself.  The brunch was delicious.  I've actually been to Terrace Cafe twice.  The first time I got the signature red velvet waffle and chicken.  It was mediocre at best.  Nothing special about the waffle and the breading of the chicken came off as soon as you cut it.  I hate that!So fast forward to six mos later and my brunch crew decided to go to Terrace.  I was like cool - I hear folks rave about it, lemme give it a 2nd shot.The french toasts are awesome.  We all got different kinds.  Mine was by far the best.  It was the seasonal pumpkin.  The lemon poppy seed was good, but a little dry.  They have removed the banana nut french toast from the menu.   We inquired about it and were told it was gone, followed by our server saying "everyone asks about it."  So why would they remove something so popular.  So why is this place not 5 stars?  Well I can't forget the mediocre first experience.  I also hate  'no reservations' and the fact that they won't seat you until your whole party is there.  I have a perpetually late girlfriend.  4 of us arrived and waited, and waited and waited...they would not seat us until the 5th got there.  That is an annoyance.  I can understand why, but they'd rather leave those booths empty then seat us.  Here's why I say that.  When girlfriend finally arrived we were seated upstairs in the only tables (booths actually) that could accommodate more then 4 people...well all of the booths were empty.  So my question is why 'hold' them and make us wait in the coffee bar.  Did they think we were lying about having the 5th person?  It just didn't make sense and was irritating.  They also got one of the orders wrong.  Service seemed frazzled. We never had the same server twice actually.
5	Our hotel recommend this place for breakfast. We ate here 4 days in a row. The steak and eggs were excellent. Meat was tender and the pancakes are fluffy. Everything we had was excellent. We would recommend this place for breakfast. Every server was nice and friendly.
4	Tried Terrace cafe for a Sunday breakfast/brunch. Had heard many rave reviews so perhaps I was overly excited. Service was very good but just a tad slow (I can understand that it was very busy). Ordered the fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese as an appetizer. They were good but seemed to have been previously frozen (a couple were cold in the center). Had the southern sausage eggs Benedict. The sausage was excellent. It was served with a biscuit instead of an English muffin, which I love, but the biscuit was kinda tough. Hash browns were very good as well. I was impressed but not over the moon about it like some reviews I had heard. I would definitely give it another try and would even recommend it to others but there is room from some slight improvements.
5	Outstanding Chicken & Waffles!   Only weird thing was the alternative music and town square setting.  Service was fantastic.  Serving sufficient to feed my wife with a to go box.
4	The food is amazing! I had the red velvet waffle, fired chicken and fruit. I loved the cream cheese icing on the waffle. I didn't care for the fruit. On the down side, our waiter Seth was very dry and gave is a vibe he didn't want to be there. Poor service that day but greatttt food!
2	So sad. This location is excellent. The food is above average. The decor is lovely. The service...ugh. Why? Why? Why? It's so easy to fix?!? SMILE a little!! Even my teen-age sons said that our server didn't look like he enjoyed his job very much. Couldn't get refills on coffee to save my life. I admit, it was brunch...so coffee is a crazy request! He really missed out too. I'm a 50% tipper if the service is at least fair - as I understand everyone has a bad day. But NOBODY was smiling. Everyone looked miserable. And if your servers are miserable, that means your management is miserable. And if your management is miserable, than I certainly don't want to add to the funds of an owner that makes people miserable. Will give it another go, as I try to give everyone a 2nd chance, have even experienced a couple of turn-arounds...but man - it could be such a warm, successful, happy place...{sigh}
4	First time here getting breakfast.  Really good!! Loved the three egg mushroom and tomato omelette.  My wife had the scrambled eggs, pancakes, etc.  Loved the fresh squeezed grapefruit juice and coffee. Service was very attentive.
5	This place has absolutely amazing food, probably one of the best overall restaurants I've been to in Charlotte.My last visit I had the special Jambalaya, which was amazing. There was plenty of shrimp, the grits were cooked perfectly and the onion peels were a really nice touch.The shrimp and grits are also great, however the Tuna is probably the best thing on the menu. The kale & cranberry salad complements the tuna perfectly.Definitely would recommend to friends.
5	First thing to know, you're going to wait! Come early and look through the menu before so you can order as soon as you get seated.I had a bloody mary at the bar while waiting to be seated. If you're alone or with a small group, you can try to get a seat at the bar! I was pleased with the taste (sometimes it's too watery?) and the slice of bacon of course made it even better! We got seated 45 minutes after we got there, which was the estimated time they gave us. They contact you by phone, so you can wander around while you wait.I ordered the red velvet waffle, fried chicken, and a side of cheesy grits (choice of grits or hash browns.) Everything was really good! The waffle wasn't too sweet and it complemented the chicken really well. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, just how it should be. The grits were tasty, I mean, anything with cheese is tasty.Overall, a great food experience! Just don't come too hungry and think you'll be able to get seated right away. It's a busy place obviously for a good reason!
4	I had very high expectations of this place and I was totally bumped by such a loooooong wait. Hostesses didn't even try show that they care... We had to come over to them twice and ask about our wait and they told us that they called our name already, but they didn't, cause we were right there. I would totally recommend to reserve a table using open table app to avoid the frustration, cause the place is totally worth going to. I had Southern Sausage Benedict with hash browns and it was yummy. Spicy Bloody Mary was one of the best I've ever had. I also saw that they have a good coffee selection, which I would like to try. I will definitely give another chance to this place, so I can rate them with 5 stars:)
4	Yum. I brought Mrs here for brunch on the way to food shopping and it was a hit. The restaurant was very busy when we arrived and there was a line even to give names to the hostess, but the bar had open seats and we just went over to there and ordered immediately.She had the lemon poppy French toast and while she said the flavor was there, it was less like eggy bread and more like eggy cake. Very sweet and the berries on top were great. Especially so since they were more room temperature and not frozen like they'd just come from the cooler.I had the florentine benedict. The poached eggs were perfectly cooked and popped when cut. The muffin underneath was a little underdone but the spinach was excellent. LOVED THE HOME FRIES. The fried onion strings on top were an interesting garnish.We also got a "half order" of a biscuit and sausage gravy. This was really yummy with a nice peppery gravy that had lots of sausage bits and a good fluffy biscuit underneath.Good choice for breakfast!
2	Customer Service: My family and I have eaten at Terrace Cafe on many occasions, and never had the need to say anything negative about our experiences. We have always gone during the morning or early afternoon hours. On last Friday, (1-2-15) we ate at Terrace for dinner. The cafe was mostly empty except for 3 other tables of patrons. My family placed our orders and my husband and I asked for "sweet" tea. First of all, the waitress took about 15 minutes to bring our drinks which I thought was very odd, considering there were so few patrons in the restaurant. When my husband and I tasted our tea, it was unsweetened!Mind you, as I mentioned earlier, we have eaten at Terrace many times and have ordered their sweet tea most of those times. Each time, it has been appropriately sweet, even to the point of being too sweet.This time however, the tea was definitely unsweetened. We told our waitress and she apologized and bought us out two more glasses of "sweet" tea. Again we tasted out tea and it was just like the first glasses, UNSWEETENED!! This time, my husband walked to the front and told the waitress the tea was still unsweetened. 10 minutes later she comes to our table and says, " I'm sorry but I don't understand, I usually don't drink tea but I tasted the tea and thought it was sweet and my co-worker tasted the tea and she also thought it was sweet!Are you kidding me!!!!! So what she was really trying to say is that there must be something wrong with our taste buds because we, the employees think it's sweet!!Mind you, I have tasted Terrace's "sweet" tea and it has always been appropriately sweet! I ended up canceling my drink order and just drank water.So, here are my comments  to this situation: Firstly, as your patron, please don't insult my intelligence by putting the burden of proof on the customer. In this situation, the customer is ALWAYS right! (Customer Service 101).Secondly, The manager on duty usually comes to the patrons table whenever there is a dispute or misunderstanding of some type with the patron. The manager on duty never approached our table.Thirdly, repeat customers are bred as a result of repeat positive customer experiences, even during challenges.Finally, My family and I initially went to The Cheesecake Factory for dinner but had to wait 1 1/2 hours for a table. This was the reason for our dinner trip to Terrace. Terrace is known for it's long lines during breakfast hours but I wonder why there was hardly anyone there during dinner hours???? Hmmmmmm just an observation!!
5	Oh my goodness! I LOVE this place.  I have been there many mornings (FYI. Gets very busy on Sunday's after church).  There red velvet waffles are to die for! They are very friendly, get you seated reasonably quickly even when you have a decent size party and the service is great.
5	We tried this restaurant while on vacation in NC. I had the Shrimp & Grits and it was AMAZING!!!!!!!! It was spicy, but the creamy grits cooled off my mouth! I couldn't get enough of it!! I would recommend this place to anyone and the next time I am in Charlotte, I will be visiting this restaurant. It was fabulous!!!!!
