5	Jersey Mike's is a Franchise based out of Point Pleasant, New Jersey that just opened in Tempe. I grew up eating at Mike's every summer when my family would go to the Jersey Shore for the month of August. Let me tell you this is the quintessential sub!  The meat is finely sliced right when you order it, and piled high.The vegetables, lettuce, tomato & onions are fresh. That's right there isn't a billion ingredients to muck up the taste!The oil & red wine vinegar mix is AMAZING! With the special blend of spices they add to it...OH MY GOD so good!The bread is just perfect! Baked fresh daily this bread is soft, and absorbs the juices perfectly.Once again this is the perfect sub. I am so glad they are now open in Arizona. If you are not sure what to get try the #13 The Original Italian, it is the best tasting in the bunch!
4	I won't hear anyone attempting to take anything away from the quality of a Jersey Mike's sub. They make a tasty sandwich with seriously good ingredients. Were I reviewing based on taste alone, we would be talking about five stars.But you can't get out of there with a reasonable meal for anything less than ten bucks. Mike should be grateful that my price-sensitive ass is only removing one star for that.
4	My fiance and I have had Jersey Mike"s a couple of times and so far we are very impressed. Subs are a food group to him, so I take his opinion very seriously.  The folks that work at Mike's actually take the time to put your sandwich together nicely with a ton of veggies and meat.  It is not like some of the other sub chains where they are trying to play beat the clock and smash your food together with little care or courtesy so you end up with a flat messy sandwich.  The bread is great and the veggies are fresh and ripe, no green tomatoes and wilted lettuce here.  We will definitely be going back!
3	Count me as one more reviewer that thinks this place is both tasty and overpriced.#13 Italian ftw
5	mmmmmmmm....I friggin love this place.  The greatest damm subs in the whole world. straight from NJ.  I moved here about 4 years ago from NJ and missed this place so damm bad.It is a little overpriced, but the fresh ingrediants are so far and above any other sub place out here it makes it worth it.Whether you get a #11, a Cheesesteak, or a Turkey Provolone and Bacon, you will not go wrong.Wow my mouth is watering right now.
4	I will agree with the overpriced issue with Jersey Mike's.  Besides that...this is the best damn Philly Cheese Steak I have had in Arizona.  (I am not from Philly, so I admit I am not a pro at the Cheese Steak cuisine)  Everything there is fresh, from the bread to the veggies to the meat.  My sandwich is never a mess..which is amazing in itself. Service is great, even for ASU students working there.  Great location....Really can't say anything bad about the place...it just sucks when there is construction on Scottsdale road and it makes it almost impossible to get there.  (One day it was so bad, I had to settle for Rubios....not a good settle when all you want is a cheese steak.)
1	This place is a glorified subway. Way overpriced! I went there the first week they opened with a free coupon and I thought I spent too much on the sandwich I got. What really grinds my gears is the review of someone claiming its the best philly sandwich in az, are you nuts! Personally I like PSC in old town the best, but even Corleones, which is not good by any means, still is vastly better than what they serve at Jersey Mikes. Common people you are better than that than to eat at this dump.
1	I had heard great things about this sub shop, but honestly Mr. Goodcents subs are far better. The problem is the bread. It was hard, crumbly, not flavorable. The tomatoes were slimmy and on verge of rotten. I was also disappointed only Pepsi products and NO DR PEPPER on the fountain. On the plus side the turkey was high quality and sliced to order.
4	I came here completely on accident. I  wanted a sub, and as usual, Port of Subs was closed on a Sunday.  (dam you port of subs!)  I was driving around trying to find something to eat, and I came across this place I have never tried before.Its right off the 202 and Rural Road.  Went inside and reviewed the menu, and thought I would place an order.  The menu has a reasonable selection, but its not huge.  Some wraps, subs, and thats about it.I ended up ordering the turkey and roast beef sub.  I asked about the sizes, and thier sizing chart is so odd! Its like 5 inches, 8 inches or 15 inches.  weird.  I went for the 8 inch roast beef and turkey sub.I really liked the sub.  It was tasty!  YUM on the bread!  I found it to be flavorful and delicous!!!But, I found this place to be EXPENSIVE!  WTF $10.35 for the 15 inch sub, before tax?  seriously?  I dropped a few bucks on my 8 inch sub, but I guess the prices were higher then I would have liked to see.   I agree with Andrea that I think this place is a little overpriced.I will say, the service was wonderful when i was there...but slow.  Even though the staff was extra nice and extremely helpful, I felt like I was watching my sub being made in slow motion.  I would eat here again, easily.
2	Meh. I've been to Jersey Mike's once and only once. I personally help to keep Subway in business and Jersey Mike's didn't steal me away. Like someone mentioned, the sizes of sandwiches is pretty odd. I got a 5 inch. turkey sub and some chips and a drink. The ingredients were good, don't get me wrong, but it all just tasted a little bland. Probably won't go back.
1	Nothing great about this place. They could replace the sign with Subway and I would never know...except that there would be fewer options to top my sub with. They coined the phrase "Mike's Way" in an effort to allow you to order your sandwich in some special and tasty way. In reality, it means lettuce, tomatoes, oil and vinegar...wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. As a vegetarian, this is one of my least favorite sub places since there are not too many toppings for those of us avoiding the meat selections.I've only been here once and will not be going back.
5	I was so happy when I saw this chain appear in AZ.  I used to frequent it in CA and have never found another sub that comes close.  I think the secret to their success lies in the freshness and quality of their meats and cheeses - always sliced to order.  If you are looking for a veggie sandwich - you will be limited here.  But, if you like a hearty cheesesteak or italian sub you are in for a treat.  They also take a bit of a different approach in that they really douse their sandwiches in oil & vinegar.   It is a different approach but seriously good!  The "Mike's Way" option (lettuce, onions & tomatoes) is a bit bland, I love to add the mustard, mayo & pepperocini.Their signature sandwich is the #13.  It has several flavorful italian meats plus freshly sliced cheese.  Don't judge this place until you have tried that sandwich!  It is unlike any other chain's offering & really amazing.  Their sandwich sizes are a bit different from the regular foot-long, but if you order the largest size you are getting quite a bit for your money.  I've visited the one that just opened in Chandler and was completely pleased.  And, I'm happy to hear they are now opening one in Ahwatukee.They also seem to have a high focus on customer service - I've always been met by very cheerful, helpful people.  Not a necessity for a sandwich, but certainly a lot better than the opposite.
4	on a return visit I was pleased with my turkey sandwich. The manager was sure my sandwich was just right by bringing out fresh sliced tomatoes and fresh bread. Still wish they had Dr Pepper on the fountain.
1	I have been to many a sub shop in many a place and consider myself pretty well versed when it comes to meat, cheese, and bread. This place is a joke. My parents hyped it up saying it was so great and my experience was horrible. Even if I actually lived in the area and it was convenient to go back I would not. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap. (Yeah yeah I know... I ordered a wrap at a sub shop... give me a break!) First of all, the description says, 'sliced chicken' so I think, okay great, cool, they have deli style chicken not just a chopped up chicken breast! WRONG. My wrap came with chopped chicken... while I watched them make what was soon to be a very disappointing meal I noticed that they put three slices of cheese on the meat while it was on the grill. Where the cheese went when they transferred it from the grill to my wrap I don't know because I was only able to find one gob of it inside the tortilla once I got my hands on it. Along with the MIA cheese, so too followed the buffalo sauce. How you make a buffalo chicken wrap without buffalo sauce is beyond me, I'm still scratching my head. What was the cherry on the sundae for me was the fact that I didn't realize this before we got all the way back to the house, at which point lost the will to do anything about this pathetic thing that I was charged $7 for. Our total came to around $15 with tax of course, but that was for my wrap and my boyfriend's sandwich. No drink. No chips. No sides. RIDICULOUS. Take my advice and go to Charley's, wouldn't get too attached to a place I don't think will be in business very long. The workers are too busy chatting to get your order right.
4	I dont really care for subs, Because of "subway and the other sub sandwiches locally are AWFUL. So a Friend of mine invited to Mikes, a bit out of the way, BUT worth it. By far the best sub in AZ. the staff was friendly, portion were okay also very clean. Will visit again soon.
4	I can't believe people are comparing Jersey Mike's to Subway!!!!!!  No way...They slice the meat and cheese right in front of you....it is not all-processed and been sitting in a tub all day like the competitor's.  The produce is always so fresh..and on top of it....everyone is super friendly in there...  Subway does not even come close to comparing!  Sure it is a little pricier ...but I am more than willing to pay more for better tasting, fresher food...
3	I frequent this place simply because it is near where I work. \I actually shouldnt say frequent but maybe more than most sandwich shops.The food is ok, but nothing to make me want to go there vs somewhere else. I thought it was pricey but if you really look around all sub places are expensive.Its worth a try. Not the best but by far not the worst.
2	They had this place in downtown Iowa City and I went their in college probably twice a week and thought the meat and bread was great. Even last year I went back and I still thought it was top notch subbery.I kinda think this place is just new and they don't quite have their act together yet, I just didn't feel it. I'm willing to try it again though.
4	Jersey Mikes has GREAT subs but still isn't a replacement for Subway. While I love their turkey sub, they don't have a very wide variety of sandwich toppings and I don't like their tuna. (I need black olives and spinach! Maybe I'm just spoiled.)I'll come here for a turkey sub but if I feel like tuna I'll stick to subway.When I came with my cousin she ordered a sub with nothing but mayo and lettuce on it and after some laughter the guy behind the counter refused to let her pay for such a measly sandwich. When she ordered the same thing at Subway they charged her for a veggie anyways. It was pretty cool of him.
4	I somehow obtained a coupon for this place so I decided to check it out. I told the gentleman behind the counter that I'd never been there before and asked for his recommendations. I ended up trying the #9 which had roast beef, turkey, swiss, and bacon. They make the roast beef there. Everything was super fresh and yummy and I ended up completely stuffed. They guys that work here are super friendly and they gave me a free cookie since it was my first time. Free stuff always wins me over so I'll definitely be going back next time I'm craving a sub!
5	Hands down the best sandwich shop! I've been to almost every sandwich shop in Tempe and none of them come close to delivering what Jersey Mike's does.The quality of the ingredients and the extra care they put into each sandwich is what sets it apart. The lettuce is thinly sliced and never contains lettuce cores. The tomatoes are always red and rarely do I see a green one. The meat is freshly sliced. The bread is never hard or broken, it is baked perfectly. They also have hot subs and I am not talking about microwaved subs. The sub sizes are spot on. I've been to places where their smallest sub could easily feed a whole family. When they apply the condiments they don't over do it, except for maybe oil and vinegar. You can get a mini sub, chips, and a drink for about $7-$8 so it is definitely is lunch doable.Everybody there is friendly and asks how my day is going. I used to work at Subway years ago and make sandwiches and know a good sandwich artist when I see one and all these people do an excellent job.I don't know what is wrong with people and what would make them say Subway is better. Subway is like the McDonalds of sub shops. They don't care if you get broken bread, or if your sandwich is caked with mayo, or if the sandwich is so full of condiments that it can't be closed let alone fit in your mouth. Also Subway smells and don't be surprised if you smell like it after you leave.When this place first opened they gave out free cookies a few times. I don't know if they still do, but it is always nice to see a place that appreciates it's customers. If you go during lunch there is usually a line, but it moves pretty fast. Also if indoor seating gets full, there are seats out back.
4	I've tried Jersey Mike's Subs twice at this location and once in LA. I love that they cut their meats and cheeses fresh and it always smells AMAZING inside the store. That's really the best part that trumps Subway big time. However, their vegetables really don't compare to Subways in terms of variety and tastiness. They pile on a lot of iceberg lettuce, and that sort of overpowers the sandwich with blandness. I'm a big vegetable person, so it's important to me. But if you're just a meat and cheese person, then Jersey Mike's is definitely better.
4	A great sandwhich place.  Much better than Subway.  They have hot and cold subs.  I love their Chicken Parm sub and the Italian.  They have a giant size for all you hungry folks too.  The employees  there are also really nice and freindly.  Great place!
5	okaaaay...!  freaking yumm!  skeptical...just cuz i am... and i'm not a big sub person... too much bread in a carb addicted world w a 5ft bod... took me almost 2 months to check this place out... took awesome advice...order the "#9 mike way"  they cook their roast beef on the premises daily.. i'm a sucker for a good roast beef... won't eat if not worthy...sooooo good!  ate the whole frickin thing... my friend got the philly cheese steak w jalepeno...darn tasty.....and a peanut butter cookie that i wished would never end.,.  top that off w yummo iced and great service w an affordable price(don't know where other peeps think too high.... for what you get, i'm down w it!) only problem....  i need to go back daily to sample whole menu....and i'm already craving another #9 mikes way...see my prob?def b back sooner than not!
5	Definitely better than Subway thinking of their meat makes me sick. Anyhoo I always get the Philly with chipotle mayo and it is deeelish!  Jersey Mike's is little expensive and that's why I don't come here a lot but you get what you pay for I can't think of another place where you can get a better sub.
3	Jersey Mikes is ok, but certainly not a place I would recommend to anyone from Jersey, or anywhere else for that matter.Unfortunately for Jersey Mike, I've eaten at White House Subs in Atlantic City so my expectations were pretty high. I was sorely disappointed.The ingredients were good, the dressing above average, and the staff was friendly, however, one of the main ingredients of a good sub is the roll itself and Jersey Mike's bread was way off the mark.The roll was dry, its shell spongy and not crusty, and there was an overwhelming amount of dry crumb, so much so, not even the dressing would soften it.For one large sub, two drinks and a bag of chips, the bill came to nineteen dollars.Sorry Jersey Mike, but a cutesy Point Pleasant sign and dry bread doesn't do it for me. I can get the same level of happiness from Subway where for half the price I can get one of their god-awful creations masquerading as a submarine sandwich.
5	That absolute best sub chain I have ever been in.  Fresh shaved deli  meats and cheeses.  I have not ventured past the RB because it is that good!Higher priced that Subway ; however quality and quantity is superior!
4	Whoever likes subway may not like this place. Jersey mike's cut, cooks, & prepare to order, no chilled meat bins here. The sandwiches has the right amount of everything. No one condiment or topping will over power you sandwich of choice. I always recommend getting the sandwiches done "Mike's way". It's tomatoes, lettuce, red wine vinegar, olive oil, herbs and salt&pepper. You don't really need more than that.
3	Happy Birthday To Me.  Happy Birthday To Me.I love getting free stuff!  Happy Birthday To Me! Birthday Freebees - Who would turn their nose up to free stuff?!!?  Not  I!  I had never been to Jersey Mikes, but I know quite a few friends, the hubby included, who have gone and really enjoy their subs.   So, you sign up online via Jersey Mike's website and you'll receive an email a few days before your birthday for a Free Regular 8" Sub and 22oz drink - to redeem on your birthday.  When I signed up back in December, I figured I'd try it out for free on my birthday.  If I liked it, I would return.  So I got the 8" Turkey and Provolone on white.  They slice all their meat and cheese right on the spot.  Nice.  Like.  Standard veg choices.  I got lettuce, tomato, onion, bananna pepper, and jalapeno.  Super easy mayo.  Slight dash of oil.  Spices.  Heavy Must---.  Wait.  No Mustard.  I had to do a freaking double take.  What sandwich shop doesn't offer mustard?!?!  You give me a choice - Mustard, Mayo, or Catsup....I'll always choose Mustard. LOTS OF MUSTARD!  Old school mustard...I'm talking French's Yellow, Homes.  Y'a'll can keep that dijon, and other fancy variety krap.  I told them to put Red Wine Vinegar, since I couldn't have my mustard.  I shed silent tears while they finished making my sandwich. Now the tasting - A little on the bland side.  Its alright.  But would I pay almost $10 for a 8" sub and a 22oz drink?  Um, I'll pass.  I mean, granted, they pile on the meat.  But that's still kinda pricy in my book.  Thank goodness it was free! Will I go back?  Sure.  But only on my birthday.  ;)Given a Choice:  Cheba Hut __X__   Jersey Mike's Subs ____ Subway ____ D'Falco's __X__
3	I walked in and the two people working there were extremely friendly. However, they were out of stock on what I was looking for, so I didn't get to try anything.
4	Wow I love the sandwiches here.  I just got the turkey hoagie and it was delicious!  Definitely felt like the east coast. :)  It's neat that the meats are in a deli counter and are sliced fresh to order.  I also just noticed a yelp review that you can get a free sandwich on your birthday.  Free stuff is always a plus!
1	2 things:1) Ive had better sandwiches at Subway. Their bread is stale, meat is dry, and if you get a sandwich "Mike's way" they *smother* it in oil and vinegar.2) There were ants all over the drink counter and IN THE NOZZLES. My husband pushed the button for Sprite and got Sprite w/ a power boost of live ants in his glass.Dirty place, bad food.
4	Nothing different from a gourmet sandwich shop but pretty good all together.
4	If you like a juicy sub and you don't mind onions... Ask for your sub to be made Mike's way! It's excellent.
4	Always a good sub sandwich, great staff.
4	I've been to this location a few times as this is my "go-to-spot" while waiting to meet people from Craigslist to buy or sell something from people around Tempe.  I love the way they slice all the ingredients, the meats and the cheese right on the spot according to the sandwich you order.  They also hot sandwiches here and they don't nuke them in microwaves like they do at subway.  They have a grill!Jersey Mike's is no-brainer over Subway any day!
5	Amazing. Fresh deli style meat and great tasting! I LOVE this place. It puts subway to shame, I will drive out of my way to go to a Jersey Mikes!
3	This is not the same quality as the Jersey Mike's we have in san diego. The roast beef wasn't rare at all and portion was not what I am used to. Overall the sandwhich was good.
4	OK, I can't stand people saying stupid things like: So and so has a better so and so. If you want to do ultimate sub match or a competition, go somewhere else. If I understand Yelp's philosophy right, the idea is to help people decide about a specific place  (specially if the options people give are like 15 miles away). I'm always dubious about people dropping names of other places, it seems kind of fishy or at least silly to me.Anyways, I've been at this place several times (this location and the one on Chandler) and I've never been disappointed. Great taste, specially if you get the vinegar and olive oil. Will it get a little moist? Duh, it's vinegar and olive oil, what would you expect? Just eat it right away and enjoy.My favorite is the Italian but since I'm trying to eat a little better, I got the turkey breast yesterday and it was pretty good.The bathroom could be cleaner, though.
4	This place is my favorite JM location. Super friendly staff, and they are very fast. The subs are very tasty and hit the spot. Keep up the work guys- you are appreciated.
4	First  time at this jersey mike I wasn't disappointed. The staff was very friendly and the cheese steak was off the chain. When ever I'm in the area THIS jersey mike will be on my "TO DO" list
4	When I moved into a new apartment in Tempe, Jersey Mikes provided me with a coupon for a free sub. I was a huge fan of Mr. Goodcents and Blimpie and was fairly loyal to both franchises when I wanted a sub, but since I had a free coupon to Jersey Mikes, I decided to check them out. I'm glad I did. Jersey Mikes may now be my new favorite place to get a sub. I recommend the Italian on Wheat and definitely go "Mikes Way" on the sub.
3	Just like the rating says on here, they are A-OK. After my second visit here, I am confident enough to say that they are quite simply a traditional sub shop, like subway used to be before Jared waded over and lost all the weight. Lets discuss the pros and cons of Jersey Mikes - Tempe.~Fud/Drink~Jersey Mikes, first off, has solid, traditional, sub options. If you want a simple Italian sub with extra olive oil, and tasty Italian meats, come here and munch down. If you want a foofie Hawaiian pineapple open faced mozzarella sub (just made that up, it sounds good) then go elsewhere. Their food options are pretty simple, but the meats help make each sub. Overall, they offer just a a couple of add-in options to your sub and they aren't high quality, especially the lettuce and tomatoes.  The tomatoes are pretty slimy, not super-fresh and the lettuce seems to be of the bagged variety. The bread is average as well, nothing amazing to write home about. The onions actually looked nice, they were presented in their dish all pre-strung, rather than chopped up. They were also white onions, not the traditional red, which I actually enjoyed better on the sub. But once again, the meats...they are great. Overall, its a shame they don't put more stock in everything besides the meat, because they did a good job there. They have no beers by the way, a soda fountain with regular options will do just fine. If you need a beer, Wingstop next store has a number of beers on stock.~Atmosphere/Service~The service here is near-perfect. They are fast, friendly and intelligently listen to your order. The sub came down the assembly line and was in the hands of the toppings-adder (what is the title of this person anyway?) quickly. I did take issue with the fact that the pieces of cheese they added on the sub were about as thin as I get at the deli at a supermarket, super-thin, that is. Normally you expect a couple semi-thick slices of cheese, but the provolone slivers they gave me were so small I could barely taste that flavor. After accepting my request for extra lettuce and tomatoes I went and asked for some sides in cups which he dished for me in fast order as well. There is no true ambiance to the place, they have a simple set up with chairs and tables, music isn't a priority. Its a sub-shop guys.~Extras/Rating!~They taste MUCH better than the generic Subway. Please just discard Subway and eat at a real sub shop like this one. You get so much more when you eat a spot like this. I do hope JM's takes a look into better quality minus the meat.  They do a real good job at customer service and the management knows how to train their employees well. The subs hold up well against other competitors. However I feel as though I am paying more than necessary for a sandwich that is pretty average besides the items I already laid out for you.  I wish they would let us do take home service of their meats, that would be great. This place is deserving of better than 3 stars, maybe 3 1/2...But we don't have that option, do we ;-) ? Would I come back? YES! I have tried two completely different items, and it seems Italian is the best route. I am not an Italian sub guy per-say, but this is a tasty treat if I am in that mood. Try your best to make your first sub an Italian one, and ENJOY!
5	Cool people makes a business. And this place has got them all...there is nothing worse than a rude person making your lunch..there needs to be more RYANs like this location has.thumbs up very clean and all the employees were top notch.its like  CHEERS..
2	That was the worst sub I have ever had in my life (Chicken Parm).  The chicken was rubbery and the bread was mushy as all hell. BUT, my boyfriend's turkey sub looked really good and he confirmed that! It's my own fault for getting a hot sub at a "Subway" type place..plain and simple. The place was clean and I like that they slice the meat for subs to order. Maybe I'll try something else if I decide to go back.
3	A-OK. Boyfriend and I used to come all of the time, before we located the nearest Port Of Subs. Sandwiches are good, not great, and they only have like 1 sandwich with chicken ( I'm picky about meat). The place started to gross me out with the smell of the subs when I brought them home.
1	Visited this location last night with my 10 year old. We had never been in a Jersey Mike's so we were up to try it. The subs were ok, nothing to write home about. The bigger issue was the soda machine and customer service. When my daughter went to fill her soda, she chose Sprite/Sierra Mist, the cup was filled with a clear liquid AND hundreds of ants! We took the cup to the cash register where we stood for over 7 minutes because the associates were in the back. Once the young man came out we showed him what was in the cup and he was also grossed out. He stated he would go clean the soda machine. Never once did we see anyone go clean the machine. We opted for a bottled drink instead. We ate our food and watched 4 other customers fill up their drinks from the ant infested soda machine. They all got dark sodas so I am sure they did not see the ants and continued drinking. This is a problem Jersey Mike's! Gross and I will never go back to one of your establishments.
5	Have been to this location a couple of times. The staff is always relatively friendly and gets the orders fast. I like how they cut the meat right in front of you. This time I got the Italian sub mikes way. It tasted awesome! There bread is fresh and fluffy. Try also have a student discount and you get chips and a drink for a total of about $7.55. Great deal! I have seen people complain about ants in the soda machine, but I didn't get any in my Mountain Dew. Over all this place is great, clean, delicious and I highly recommend.
5	Came here tonight and ordered the Super Sub. So delicious. I am kind of biased towards Jimmy Johns subs, but this company loads on a lot more meat on the sandwiches, and they have a larger meat selection. They offer a great student discount which includes chips and a drink. I read previous reviews about ants in the soda machine so I was extremely cautious. Inspected the soda, and it was ant free. Yay. Will definitely be coming back.
1	Oh boy. This used to be a good spot to eat. Not after today. When I filled my soda at the fountain there were 3 complimentary ants included. Not the end of the World but when they gave me a bottle instead after advising them of the ant problem they didn't shut it down and clean it at all! Just continued to sell to unsuspecting customers. Gross. I'll be contacting County Health to report. Things happenband I understand, but not cleaning up immediately is inexcusable.
3	This place was fairly solid. The menu is simple, but I liked it because it had things you can't get at the other sub places (capricola, etc). While I don't have one of these near my home, I would definitely fit it into the rotation if one were to open. The food was good and seemed fresh.. however, I was really put off by the lack of condiments. Mayo or vinegar? You can't even offer light mayo? Just seems lazy... and the lady behind the counter seemed annoyed that I would even bother asking. Oh well, I'd still return.
3	Nothing special here. Only stopped inside because Mexican place had closed down already next door. The sliced Chicken breast wrap was average, good in a pinch, but nothing I would ever go out of my way for. It had semi sliced chicken heated with salsa, some cheese, onions and lettuce. Wheat wrap was healthier, but at 7 bucks it was a bit overpriced. Not much else, except they have a nice patio out back to enjoy the winter sunshine.
4	I've always liked Jersey Mike's. There is something about a "wet" sub that intrigues me. Whenever I go I get it Mike's Way.The service is really good too. I like that they slice the meat and cheese there (even if the turkey doesn't naturally come in a log shape) as it makes me feel like it is just a little fresher than the other guys.Definitely give it a go.
3	It wasn't as busy and the service was good, I got the club sub, but just wasn't feeling the sub. I just thought it was ok. Nothing good or bad, just right there with mediocre.
5	Awsome!! Good service,  average price, but very clean!! No lard in stuff unlike the Mexican restaurant next door! !
4	I have been here before, as well as the one in Glendale. It is almost as good as being home, minus the right chew/crunch to the bread. We East coasters know what I mean. But they pull off the rest. Right mix of meats, and always get your Italian  "Mike's Way" which is lots of lettuce, olive oil. vinegar, oregano, etc. I always add hot peppers and I am transported back to Main Place subs in Madison, NJ. Do not let them put mayo on your Italian. Just don't.
5	Amazing. Amazing. Amazing.  Everything is always fresh and delicious.  I always get the club sub it's one of my favorites.  If you're a student just get the student deal it includes chips and drink.
5	Jersey Mikes subs are the bomb! Club sub is my favorite. One of the few sandwich joints that uses crisp warm bacon. Unlike Jimmy Johns which uses cold limp bacon. Make sure to get the red pepper relish. Frickin delish!
5	Flawless subs straight out of New Jersey. Ask for miles way it is the best way to go. Jersey Mikes blows Subway out of the water
4	I found the steak sub delicious, the area okay, parking adequate and pricing acceptable. Bread is good and size is large.
1	Whoever the person was on shift today was so rude I got there at 5:50 (normally close at 9). Not only would he not serve me he wouldn't even make eye contact. I live by here and go here probably every other week. Now will never go again. The owner should know last person on shift today just cost you a customer. Ps I'll post a picture to prove it just so that dick who was working doesn't try to talk his way out of it.
1	I really dislike this spot.I have been there twice now and both times I was disgusted by the rotten tomatoes and the soaking wet lettuce sitting at the bottom of the pan. I walked out the second time. If the items I'm about to eat look like it will make me sick I'm not interested in going back. Its just that simple. Hopefully they will get their act together because other Jersey Mikes i have been to rocked
