3	The food here is great if you really want some steak and bake potatoes.  The service is never consistent good though.  And sometimes It gets really cramped, regardless of its large interior.  The creme bruele left something to be desired.  More of a flan then anything.  This is the place that you go soley for its history of Tempe and the old mill.
4	Their stuffed mushroom and buffalo wings were just okay. I've had better. Their prime rib is an excellence choice of meat. I would not mind at all to try the rest of their menu.
4	I understand that this restaurant is the oldest building in Tempe and that the menu gives a brief history of the man who built it (and named the city of Tempe "Tempe") but is it really that historical?  Come on people, they sell girls' tank tops with bulls on the front (buy one get one half off)!I think everything in Tempe is overpriced (apparently).  And Monti's sort of falls under this category, although not ridiculously so.  The food is super delicious, here.  However, I ordered my Roquefort burger medium and it was beyond well-done. Luckily, I usually order my burgers well, so I didn't mind (but I know a lot of people that would be really upset about this). My complaint is that they don't have the best list of beer on tap.  But this is a fairly common complaint for me, so I won't dock them any points for that. The service (in my experience) is super friendly, attentive, and randomly slow, all at the same time.  I'm not actually sure how they manage to be attentive and slow at the same time, but that's the way it is here.   Oh, and it's insanely funny that the placemat is a "souvenir placemat".
1	I know this place has been hailed as one of the best steakhouses to go and there's quite a bit of history that goes along with it, but the service and food I received when I went was all hype and no bite.I went with two others and we all ordered the filet minon.  Now mind you, I've never been a huge steak person mainly because most restaurants mess it up by over cooking or leaving a big hunk of oily fat staring at you.  But I thought since this place had such good feedback, I'd try it.First off, two of the filets we ordered were not filets.  They were end cuts that were shaped to look like fillets with blops of fat squeezing from the sides.  We thought maybe it was a mistake, and the chef didn't realize they gave us a bad cut.  So we set the plates back.Two new plates arrived with the same exact cuts.  Now I was mad.  We weren't being difficult, but I'm certainly not going to pay $25 for a piece of stew meat.  And to do it twice?  Seriously, that's just rude.The waiter was extremely apologetic and told us he'd get the manager for us so that she could see what we were being served.  First off, I don't complain to get free stuff.  I just want them to fix what's wrong so I can have my meal, and then I'll be happy.  The manager came over, said she was sorry we weren't happy and that she would take off the meal from the ticket and took the plates.  She didn't offer a different mealShe didn't offer consolationShe didn't offer a new filet.So we suddenly had no dinner.  I have never been treated like that in a restaurant before and was completely stunned.  We weren't rude, we weren't screaming at her, we didn't throw food....Maybe others have had better experiences there, but as for me, I won't even give it a second chance.
4	First of all, I worked at Monti's twelve years ago. I have seen what goes on behind closed doors and I will come here every chance I get.Michael Monti took over La Casa Vieja from his father, who won it in a poker game as legend has it. Not only is the building historic for being the first estate in Hayden's Ferry (as Tempe was called way back when), not only is it the birthplace of the late Senator Carl Hayden (who was born in the dining room off to the left when you first walk in ... before it was a restaurant, silly), there is much history in the restaurant itself. I attended a book talk & signing at Monti's by the architect that designed the famous upside-down pyramid that is Tempe City Hall. In attendance were a number of former Tempe mayors and architects of Mill Avenue (before it was overrun by chains). These were the OGs of Tempe; they had a lot of stories about old city politics, backroom deals, and midnight hour resolutions. Those backroom deals were in the backrooms of Monti's.When you first walk into the lobby, you'll be greeted by a cadre of hosts. Monti's has a seating capacity in excess of 1,000 people, so it takes a lot of people to keep things running. You need a host to show you around or you will get lost.The lobby has a few walls of photographs with Monti's history, including one of the infamous Senator McCarthy. When he was finally disgraced, he went to "recuperate" in the dry desert air of Arizona (today's version is "spend more time with the family"). Could Monti's have been McCarthy's refuge? Nobody seems to know ... or care, but the photo is there, anyway.I should probably tell you a little about the food. The steaks are excellent. This is not quite Ruth's Chris Steak house, but for the relatively low price, it's pretty damn close! If they err, they err on the side of overcooking your steak, so keep that in mind.The baked potatoes are awesome, crisped on the bottoms. Sometimes they're a little charred instead of crisped, but always good.The Roman Bread is addictive, especially if you dip it in the house-made ranch dressing. They make their own ranch and Roquefort dressings from scratch. Take advantage!I like the sirloin burger. It's better than just a hamburger.It drives the bartenders nuts if you order a bunch of Monti's Coffees after dinner because they're tedious to make, but oh-so worth it. Just tip them well. (Galliano drizzed in the glass, frosted with sugar, flashed until it caramelizes, with Grand Marnier, brandy, coffee, whipped cream, and more Galliano ... I think.)If it's not too busy, see if anyone can give you a little history of the place and maybe a tour. It's huge, with rooms everywhere ... you'll hardly believe it.One star for being the last local business in Mill AveOne star for being family ownedOne star for good foodOne star for an eclectic atmosphere
4	First, let me start by saying that I loves me some steak. Second, I loves me the steakhouse.  That said, Monti's is not a steak house.  A steak house is a temple dedicated to drinking wine, eating cow, and really fattening sides.Monti's serves steaks.  Good steaks at that.  I had a 14 oz rib eye for $20.  It included the potato.  Prices like that prove this is no steakhouse.  What is it you may ask?  Monti's is a museum.  A museum to politics to be exact.  Housed in a 1872 building.  There is a ton of dead Republicans on the wall and a shrine to Barry fucking Goldwater (I'm not kidding). Dead congressmen, dead senators, probably a dead president of two.But back to the steaks.  They are good.  My kids had burgers, and they were good.  I'm going back.  I'm gunna eat me a $20 rib eye (get it rare or they will give you a thin cut steak), and stare a Barry fucking Goldwater.Speaking of Barry Goldwater, does anyone know why there is a picture of him hanging in that window on guerreo street in the city?  It's kinda weird.....
4	I punished myself by getting dessert! The fact that I licked my plate clean, drank gallons upon gallons of iced tea wasn't enough. NO! I had to, had to get the peach cobbler and peach cobbler can not, can not be served without ice cream.What makes Monti's different for y'all looking for something more 'local' is that it really is a place with history and it's written all over the walls.Eat here, walk it off with a stroll down Mill and don't forget the peach cobbler!
3	Onion rings as big as your head!  And a pretty good happy hour to boot!..That's all I got.  I have some friends who "declare" where we will meet for drinks on Wednesday nights.  They picked Monti's and three thoughts went through my head:  (1)  Steak house?  Blech.  (2) You know that is the oldest building in Tempe?  and (3)  I wonder if I will have to dress up to eat at a place known for serving such a ... mature... clientele?The declarers (and all males on the happy hour list) failed to show, so we made it girls' night at the steak house.  I didn't dress up, but I could have... which is always how I feel at steak houses.  The happy hour was good.  I drank two margaritas of middle quality for under $5.  Most of the chafing dishes were full of meat products, but there were chips and there was salsa.  Wednesday was also 'Steak Special" night.  My bff (best food friend) ordered this as her dinner and assured me it was really really good.  I ordered onion rings... too few people would share with me, so that ended up being MY dinner.  That was a little bit of a disaster...but mainly from a nutritional standpoint.
4	Hubby and I had been to Monti's once before together, so when I suggested it for tonight's pre-theatre dinner, he wasn't all that thrilled. I convinced him with the gift certificate I had received from a student. Let's just say more than a few things changed his mind about Monti's. In fact, he couldn't even remember what he had gotten before, but he was sure it wasn't the beef. We both enjoyed the heck out of the Roman Bread, and he marveled that it was fluffy, unlike most focaccia. He then ordered the clam chowder (house made- we asked!) which was the creamiest I had ever had, with zero grit and wonderfully tender potatoes and clams. Hubby said he'd rarely had better, and it was a challenge for me to get more than one spoonful from him. The house salad was kind of lame- your basic iceberg affair- and the fried zucchini appetizer was pretty mediocre.For our entrees, I had the 8 oz prime rib and he had the 9 oz filet mignon, both medium rare. And that, my friends, is how they arrived. Getting rare or medium rare done correctly is not easy, we have found, either through cook incompetence or nervous nelly-ness of the restaurant. My baked potato and his lightly garlicked mashed were both excellent, but we found the vegetable mix of green beans, yellow carrots, broccoli, and red bell pepper to be flavorful, but soggier than we care for. We were very full, but decided to get the peach cobbler and coffee for dessert. Let's just say that right after we got the cobbler, a couple of guys walked by our table. One said to the other, "Did you see that pie? Let's order dessert first!" It was HUGE, topped with whipped cream, accompanied by two scoops of a delicious cinnamon ribboned ice cream, and very, very yummy. The coffee was pretty smooth and had a very nice flavor. Our server was attentive and very speedy. We'll be back to Monti's for sure. Oh, and by the way, it was already crowded at 5:00. Call ahead for reservations.
4	Monti's is a good steak at a good price - not some highfalutin, fine-dining, drain your wallet experience. I'm not a big fan of their seafood, but hey, this is a 50-year old steakhouse! The lunch menu is embarrassingly inexpensive.The place is a history museum as much as it is a restaurant, and you can get lost in there - Monti's has dozens of dining and banquet rooms and a large bar area. This is conveniently located on the edge of downtown Tempe right at Tempe Beach Park.Eddie and Michael (owners) give a LOT back to the community.Hope you like green beans!  :)
4	I was pleased with Monti's. I'm not much for steak or Tempe but I was pleasantly surprised. The hostess who sat us could use a lesson in patience, however. We had just sat down in the room to the right of the entrance after being told our wait would be five to ten minutes (it was 8:15  and our reservations were for 8:30). Almost one minute later the hostess was calling our name once, twice, three times before the other hostess told her to check the other room. Our service was a bit slow, I saw a number of other tables around us served their salads and starters much before we received ours. The wait staff seems to be primarily college students.When my salad did arrive it was decent but the roquefort dressing was very good. The men in my party both had steak which they both enjoyed greatly. Both ordered medium rare and the steaks were cooked perfectly and very tender. I had the chicken marsala with a side of spaghetti. The spaghetti sauce wasn't anything like Mama's but it wasn't terrible, either. I found a sage leaf in my sauce which I didn't mind but wasn't sure if it was left as decoration or forgotten in the sauce. The marsala was good.I would say I was most pleased with our bottle of wine, a Rosenblum Zinfandel, and the creme brulee dessert. I may go back to try the shrimp cocktail appetizer and possibly a steak.
4	Lots going outside including musical festival Mill St. Art festival, dragonboat racing and sunny warm weather. Inside Monti's is a maze of old style dining rooms. Past the bar sitting next to a fountain that used to be outside and was a favorite of earlier patrons. Sitting in one of the red Naugahyde booths.Great place to spend a quiet evening. Wait staff are friendly , helpful and quick. Steaks, baked potatoes and ribs all were great. While they did have draft beer, including Dos Equis amber, nothing locallr brewed  was on the menu.
2	We had an hour to kill before this year's Beer Fest at The Lakes accross the street. There was 5 of us so we ended up here one dead Sunday afternoon. What better to do before a beer fest but drink beer and wait entirely too long for some lunch. The place was dead not a soul in site and dark as hell inside. We ask to sit outside no big deal we thought, it took them 15 minutes to seat us the whole time having to look around at all the (insert sarcasm here) o so warm feeling Monti memorabilia. You ever get that feeling your being watched!?!! This place totally gave me that wierd creepy feeling all over, let's just say there is deff some diff energy there! Did not suprise me they sell maps of "Ghosts of the Grand Canyon State" along with some other really tasteless merch. We finally get seated and wait again forever for our waitress, she finally come's to take our order but since it already took forever we were afraid to order any "REAL" food, after all we had somewhere to be and we even mentioned that to the waitress. Dont let that fool you though, she didnt move any faster. There was alot of waiting here and when we finally got the wing's and apps they were good the bread was awesome. I'd like to go back for a dinner service with maybe a more seasoned waitress!?!?! I also snapped a few pics outside I am in need of some models =)2 stars for poor service 3 stars for the food
1	Their steaks are OK, but just OK. Their fillet mignon is not a fillet mignon. Their sandwiches are bad and over price. I went there with my boyfriend and his dad and we all agreed that we could probably get better food at an Applebee's... yes, that's how disappointed we were. On top of that, the service is very slow. I have been there twice and both times our waitress messed up the order and it took them forever to even bring the soup to the table. Both times they apologized and explain that it  was their first day...Coincidence?  I do not know, but what I do know is that I am not going there for a third time.
5	The place is so huge I've never had to wait for a seat ever.  But, I have become a little lost in the place because it is so big.Steaks are delicious and cooked well.  I also like the fact that they are priced very reasonably.  It's cheaper to go here than one of those chain steak restaurants.  Sides are good as well.The server's are incredibly nice and very attentive.  It's casual, yet proper.  There is plenty of free parking on a regular basis too.
1	The old house is a fitting name for this joint. A old house that has not seen a pest exterminator in years, an old house that still serves food from the yester years.. I've been here on many occasions and the food is always  fair to poor, the filet mignon is either a joke or from some other animal I have never heard of. The salads wilted, the croutons stale, the bread stale, even the smell in this place is stale. I hesitated before writing this review but 4 out of 5 visits were awful. I really (yes really) did see a roach on my last and final visit. The service is incredibly slow even when the place is empty. Go somewhere else for a steak, it's worth the extra few bucks.
2	Not very good overall, but pretty good for Tempe.  I do like the old house.  It reminds me of my grandmother's ranch house (a house on a real ranch, not a ranch-style house).  I don't like going to downtown Tempe.
4	Took my wife, son and 3 of his college buddies for my son's 18th birthday. I read all the reviews on yelp and decided to give this place a try. The service we had was excellent. We ordered the appetizer platter and all items were just as expected and a great value. The bread brought out prior to the dinner was very fresh,(homemade), hot and delicious. Most of us ordered steaks and we all were very satisfied with the way they were cooked and the portions. A big + here is that you get 2 sides with your meal so you don't get ripped off with high priced side dishes. I will stop in for dinner the next time I am back in town.
2	This place should be a museum not a steak house. The halls are adorned with hundreds of pieces of memorabilia from Tempe of yesteryear ... And one practically can get lost in the labyrinth of dining rooms and banquet halls trying to find the bathroom.  The food has that same nostalgic feel ... It tasted old and dusty.Two stars for the history lesson.
4	Great food!
2	While in Tempe for work, the group was told that Monti's was a good place for steaks. I think good is the right term, because it isn't 'great'. Not that any one thing made it only 'good', but that is how I felt leaving this establishment. The waiter was very accommodating, but had a heavy accent so was a bit hard to understand. He did a great job taking care of the 7 of us. As others have noted, this is a dark place. Another thing to realize is that it is huge. They can seat between 1200 and 1500 people. Although we we a large group, we were shuttled all the way to the back and ended up having the room to ourselves. It made for good conversation, but felt a little isolated. One person with me asked for the salad dressing that is on one of their signature salads but couldn't get it on her garden salad...seems a bit odd. The prices were good and all the steaks seemed to be cooked as ordered, but I have made better Filet Mignon at home.
3	Well, I have been going to this place for 20 years off and on. When we moved to AZ, my dad's childhood home, we came here pretty often. Every time a relative from anywhere cold came to town, my dad treated them to a Monti's dinner after forcing them to appreciate an Arizona sunset from the top of South Mountain. I guess he figured it was a history lesson wrapped in a chunk of beef. Monti's has a great historic perspective, with old pictures and original architecture from Tempe's beginnings. In fact, the old-school feel and the nostalgic feeling I get gets it the third star. It's kid, family, and old-folks friendly. So every once in awhile, I find my adult self here. This time, I'm invited by my friend Zane to redeem a certificate she got from her work. Choose one of the dinners on the back of the certificate. Apparently her work paid $47.95 for the two dinners and it was accompanied by some movie tix we didn't yet use. So I head over to her house to head to dinner at Monti's with her and her 3 kids. We eat and get the tab. So our dinners were free, and we had to pay for her kids food, apps, and drinks. The tab was over $100! They took off $47.95 for our dinners. The remaining balance covered one beer, one appetizer, one adult dessert, two scoops of kid ice cream for dessert, and three kid meals. I personally felt that the $63 bucks spent on that list of items is too much, particularly for the quality. Now on to the descriptions of food we paid for ourselves. It sucked. One kid wanted mac and cheese from the kids menu. It was literally Kraft Mac and Cheese from the box. You recognize that nearly straight elbow macaroni with the pasty "cheese" sauce anywhere. I wasn't expecting her to get your favorite Southern auntie's homemade baked mac but seriously, spring for the shells and cheese Monti's. It's rare I would say go for the Velveeta. But there, I said it! I just think that no restaurant kitchen anywhere should be cheffing this crap up. Another kid ate a lame side of Ragu-like sauce and spaghetti, and the oldest had a boring cheese burger and fries. None of the kids finished their food. The cheeseburger and steak fries was the star of the kids menu, and that just wasn't that good frankly. We adults started our meal with an appetizer of spinach & artichoke dip which was not more than barely warm. It was served with a really limey guac on top (huh?) and shaved parm and accompanied by the grossest thickest stale a$$ tortilla chips. Seriously, as much as I like interesting pairings, none of this made sense. Yuckity, yuck, yuck. How's that for a waste of $8? The dinners Zane and I had to choose from were limited, and we chose a 7 oz filet, and two sides (a potato and broccoli were our choices). That is the order I'm most likely to place from the menu, so it was no big deal that the certificates had limited choices. We had to buy our salads, as they don't come with the certificate unless we take a side from the dinner plate. I'm pretty sure if I looked on the menu I would not pay $24.00 for the 7 oz filet dinner and still need to buy my salad. Every other time I've been there the salad was included. Jerks. Now, our meals were good. The filet was small but was enough meat and cooked to my favorite medium rare consistency, where its barely more than rare. Yum! The potato was not some gigantic over-baked mealy mess, it was firm and just the right size. The broccoli with a couple of carrot sticks for color was not over steamed, but was slathered in butter. I thought the veggies were to be steamed, and they were, but to me that does not imply they'll be buttered and salted. I guess that's my only real complaint about my entree and sides. Tasty, but way too salty. My friend had dessert of a chocolate volcano or lava cake, something like that. It was served with two small scoops of vanilla ice cream and she seemed to like it. I didn't get from her it was anything particularly special, but definitely enjoyable. We ate our weight in roman bread, and it's great. I will probably continue to subject myself to Monti's for the stupid bread and the fact that its been there forever and is not a corporate Outback or Texas Roadhouse. Supporting your locally owned businesses is a thing for me so if I can find a way to do that, I try to patron those places. I'll never say Monti's food is great, it is good if you stay away from the crappy appetizer menu. Perhaps we'd have been more satisfied with bar-style fried zucchini or something, I'm doubtful though. I like Monti's for what it is, just stick to the basics and leave the kids at home as the kids menu isn't really worth it. This place good for out of town guests who want a bit of old Tempe/AZ history and a decent meal. Did I mention I love the bread?
2	The food here is good, but in no way is it great. The steaks are okay, often they sear it a little too much and it ends up way too burnt on the outside. The actual facility is really cool, full of history. Prices are way too high for the quality of food they are selling.
5	Monti's La Casa is located in a local Historical landmark.  Some say the building is even haunted.  In any case, the atmosphere is like an old rustic farm house.    There are several rooms, each decorated in different rustic, western decor or historic Arizona memorabilia.  This is not a fancy place and that's why I like it.  Dinner starts with a complimentary order of fresh-baked rosemary focaccia bread.  It melts in your mouth, even without adding creamy butter.Steaks are cooked to order and come with your choice of sides, ie.salad or soup, potato or veggies.  I've never had a steak here that I didn't like.  In fact, I've been to other "Extremely Expensive" steakhouses and prefer Monti's everytime.  Of course, I'm not from Scottsdale, so maybe that's why.  :)  We love to take visitors here and we have celebrated several birthdays and anniversaries here.  It's an awesome, family establishment, and the food is the best!
3	History lured me in.  I was curious more about the happenings in the building and on the site more than in the food. In being perfectly honest, I had a very good agus beef burger and it was indeed average in today's standards.  Perhaps back in 1700, this rating would garner an additional star.I recommend this place for a good meet up place for lunch or if you have a group of people that you want to get fed quickly before an event at Tempe Beach Park.
2	I kinda have a love/hate relationship with Monti's.  When I lived near Mill Ave years ago, it was (I thought) one of the best 'cheap' steaks in Az.  Yes, there are definitely better steaks in town, and there might even be cheaper steaks in town.  Since I've moved out of Tempe, I hardly ever go back to Monti's.  There may have been a reason.  Thanks to the Light Rail, I recently had the opportunity to go back.  Unfortunately, I've been spoiled by better, more expensive steak restaurants.  While I enjoyed the atmosphere of Monti's, and the service, which was tops (we ate at the bar, which was deserted 'cept us), the steak wasn't up to snuff, and the prices seemed too high for the quality we got.  Maybe I expect too much?
4	I love Monti's.  I've been dining at Monti's for over 14 years, and the only thing I'm afraid of is that they go out of business.  Within the last 2 years, every time I've been there, the place is dead. DEAD!  I just don't know why. The food is excellent, and the service is great.  Travis at the bar was great to talk to.  He knows the area and knows his job.  The great thing about Monti's, aside from the great food, is that I don't think there is a 90 degree angle anywhere in the building.  Everything is crooked!  I LOVE IT!!  Monti's is a little bit on the pricey side, but well worth it.  PLEASE, PLEASE, Monti's, hang on through these troubled times.  Mill Avenue wouldn't be the same without you.
4	The food's not anything spectacular, but the setting is one-of-a-kind Old Western. This is supposedly the oldest building in Tempe and it's just a maze of saloon-looking rooms. In case you were thrown off by the "la casa vieja" tagline, like me, you should not expect Mexican food. Decent onion rings and fried zucchini starters and lunch sandwiches. Stellar peach cobbler "for 2" for dessert. Always-filled water glasses.
2	I was in the mood for steak after a looong day of dealing with US Air. Both the Hilton Garden Inn front desk and the shuttle guy recommended Monti's right away for steak so that's what we did.This place is one of the oldest, if not THE oldest, in the area...and you could tell as soon as you walked in. The waiting area had shirts that you could buy. It said something about wiping asses...which is not something I would wear in the first place, much less so when it's supposed to be a restaurant souvenir.My $21 new york strip was slightly overcooked (I wanted medium), full of tendons, chewy, and not flavored in any way besides the char that was coated on both sides. i asked for A1 but that didn't help at all with concealing the charcoal flavor. My first side of spaghetti was bleh. Noodles were undercooked or dry and "meat sauce" was quite sour with no meat to be found. I added a small packet of sugar which made it more tolerable. My second side of steamed vegetables consisted of 3 skinny jullienne cuts of carrots and few florets of broccoli...definitely steamed, bland and plain.On the other hand, my coworker said his guacamole burger was pretty good and perfectly medium. It came with big fries.Little over $50 for two after tip.
4	I've been coming to Monti's off and on for years with my Wife and her family.  I'm surprised more people don't know about Monti's the service is always friendly, the food is good, and it's right across from the old Mill.I've had numerous other dishes, but just last night I had the Full Monti burger, which doesn't disappoint.  1/2 lb burger, Big Crispy Onion rings, rich BBQ sauce, Cheddar and Pepperjack cheese, with Bacon.  This is literally the Michael Jordan of Western Cheeseburgers.  Even the Potato Skins we had seem to have received so much more love than offerings we've had at other places.The Service was great, I couldn't get to the bottom of my glass and our waiter was very friendly and helpful.A great choice when you're looking for a steak, or just a burger.
4	The best part of Monti's is that each table you sit at is secluded and private, with a wall on either side of you to keep your conversation between you and your friends.  I don't particularly care if people can hear what I'm saying, but I do enjoy the privacy.Monti's is laid out strangely.  As I'm sure everyone knows, it's in the oldest building in Tempe.  It's a relic.  A dinosaur of a building.  If you know me, you know I love dinosaurs.  Since the building is old, they did with it what they could, and I enjoy the hectic, "Where the hell is the bathroom?" feeling you get.  Without fail, for some reason, whenever I go to Monti's, I feel stoned.  I think it's because rooms and different sections are placed so randomly throughout the building, I feel like I'm waltzing through M.C. Escher's imagining of a 4th-dimension steakhouse.It's not the best steak in town, but it's good and you get two sides.  If you get a potato, they will bring you a goddamn potato.  The sides are big and the bread that they start you off with is pretty tasty.  I'm a sucker for rosemary.I like that it's dark, I like that the building is so old you can imagine someone, 150 years ago, getting shot in the throat over the last bite of steak.
2	La Casa Vieja.  "The old house."  Old news.Perhaps the focus should have been more on the food than on the shell of the setting.  Mill Ave. is new and needs something to play Ritalin to its ADD, but there must be something more than Monti's.Long and short:  Steak- ordered med-rare, served med-rare plus (not a big issue to me).  FLAVORLESS and DRY.  If I go back, I'll see if the ribeye is better, but I am already judgmental here.  Bread- awesome.  Ate way too much of it.  Service- polite, yet not knowledgeable.  A big minus in my mind.  Company- they were... Well, I shouldn't rate my friends.I'll try it again to be more sure of myself, but this was still a big disappointment.
4	I've only been here twice when I was in Tempe for a swim meet and the prime rib here is awesome! And the bread with rosemary and the butter OMG! :] My family and I love us some prime rib so we are pretty picky about how our meat is cooked. And Monti's was delicious yumm! Although a couple of my other friends who had to wait forever for their table and all ordered the same dish? and pasta? at a steak house? Not smart in my mind and they had a bad experience, not to be mean though I thought it was well deserved in their bad choices.
3	we have been here many times.i love love love the roman breadcelebrated my bfs moms bday.they loved theri steak. however the server laura sucked big time. couldnt even refill two waters. slow with the bread. tip wasnt so good.tried the wings, they were too hot for mild. tweaks in menu. befor ei had the spaghetti, its too watery and tastes like ketchup.the steak is ok..i had the ceasar salad normal. veggies are always soggy.my bf likes the fact that they have kiltlifter beer.
3	This was one of my first meals when I came Arizona for ASU orientation.  I remember loving this place and how cute it was.  That was five years ago (Super Senior!), and things have changed.  Me and my friends came in here Saturday night to grab a few drinks while waiting to meet up with other friends.  We got a few rounds of beer and appetizers to ward of the drunkeness building within all of us.  I got the chips and guac, nothing else looked that appetizing.  My friends got chicken fingers and a salad.  My chips were straight out of the Tostito's bag.  I don't know, but for some reason that doesn't work for me.  They were way too salty and I couldn't even eat half of them.  Can't fight the alcohol when the food is unappetizing.  The rest of the food looked mediocre.  I'm a little disappointed in Monti's.  The food used to be good and now it just looks thrown together.
5	showed up early, and got the prime rib, with Roquefort salad, and side of spaghetti..Monti's is forever on point, with the best steaks one could ever ask for.
2	I've been coming to Monti's since the early 80's and back then the place was always jammed and you had a decent wait...the last several times i've been there we've walked right in.The menu prices have gone up significantly.  However its still a decent value.  I always get prime rib and its usually a nice size piece of meat but the crust is really over seasoned with what seems to be MSG and the last few times i've had MSG reactions before i've even made it home from this place.The very last time we were there, my mom was eating her salad and she started moving something around on her plate and I asked "what is that" she pulled out a dead moth...the waiter came by just as I was taking a photo of it...the manager gave us a $15 voucher which I still have in my desk and this is almost a year agoI'd probably still go back, just for the bread...I always eat to much of it but thats ok its worth it
4	Living in the metro Phoenix area all my life, I grew up with Monti's. Had family in town who also grew up with Monti's so we went out for dinner tonight.  I wanted to remind them how great the bread is so they would move back. There were 12 of us total, and the service was a *bit* on the slow side, but I think our waiter handled it well considering there was another huge party going on tonight (85 people). The bread is still great.  Had their Monday special which is the filet mignon. It tasted wonderful, but just a bit on the salty side. The side of steamed vegetables consisted of two pieces of broccoli and two small carrot strips, so they could definitely stand to not skimp so much on the veggies. Mostly we enjoyed going for nostalgia's sake- childhood memories, growing up and remembering the treat it was to go there for dinner. Drink a sarsaparilla, which always comes in a bottle and a glass with two cherries to pour it in.  Bringing my kids now too, and they love it as much as I did- and do!
4	A few things to note: I don't live in AZ, and I didn't get a steak, but...I loved this place. I had the southwest chicken, and it was delicious. Large portion and I forked it all down. The atmosphere and history of the place was charming. I make a trip here whenever I'm in the Phoenix area. I'm at least recommending it to folks who are visiting the PHX area, as kind of a local establishment.
3	I hate websites whose star system doesn't include a "Meh,"  or suggest that three stars is "A-OK" and not "Average."  Late night Saturday dinner @ Monti's left me lukewarm.  On one hand, they allowed our party to order prime rib, though it was a few minutes past their 9pm cut off (which the waitress didn't seem to know anything about, despite it being listed clearly in the menu).  On the other, all three steaks seemed to be prepared exactly the same, and one of the 11oz came back as an 8oz.Sure they eventually corrected the price (although the waitress suggested she'd needed the manager's approval, despite it being entirely their fault) and, yes, they eventually brought the extra meatballs I'd never gotten w/ my spaghetti and meat sauce, but there was just a little something lacking.Enjoyed the setting and company more than anything (despite it being occasionally marred by some douche bag trying to hit on our waitress), and $85 price tag for the party of four was easy on the pocketbook.  No major complaints about the food, either, aside from the mashed potatoes being a little bland.  If someone invited me, I'd probably head back, but so far, it's not gonna make any 10 best list.  Casual dress okay, by the way, as evidenced by the middle-aged lady in hot pants that was exiting as we arrived.
1	First yelp...and it's a negative one. Monti's La Casa Vieja...don't waste your time or money. I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.I'll be the first to admit that I am somewhat of a restaurant snob, so walking into this place gave me the heebie-jeebies. It's old-school steakhouse. Worn out dark wood, cheap furniture, historic photos on the wall of the restaurant's glory days. By the way, the original structure was built in 1871. Which is cool if the owners had done anything to improve the place rather than let it get run down and dilapidated. Strike 1.On to the food stuff...Our party of 8 ordered two bowls of chips to start the evening...at $5.95 a bowl! Did we get a lot of chips? Nope. Strike 2.Drink orders...first off, Pepsi? Blech, but that's just personal taste. I won't be back on that note alone...even if the rest of the experience was stellar, which it wasn't. The waitress seemed confused when we asked her for water for everyone. Drinks came in those cheap plastic cups like you get at a Furr's Cafeteria. And refills were painfully slow in coming. Strike 3.Bread...apparently, this place is known for their bread. It was the one bright shining moment in an otherwise depressing evening. The bread was some sort of focaccia with rosemary on top. Delicious!Salad...The caesar salad was tasty in the end, but the presentation was odd. The plate arrived with all the romaine tossed with croutons and cheese and a dollop of  caesar dressing on only half of the salad. I guess it was up to me to finish mixing the salad. Strike 4.Entree...I ordered the 9oz filet medium well. My wife ordered the 7oz filet. Son order chicken fingers. Daughter order 6oz sirloin. The steaks appeared and seemed to have a nice crust on the outside. So I proceeded to cut through the crust to check the doneness of the steak. The crust was amazingly crusty. When my steak knife finally started cutting into something softer, I realized I was starting to cut into the plate. My filet was dry, yet pink inside. Flavorless shoe leather. My wife's filet apparently was very good. Son's chicken fingers came out and looked like Long John Silver's fish fillets...and smelled the same. He got through one and then helped my wife eat her steak. Daughter's steak was apparently chewy. It must be a rule with mediocre restaurants that when you food is weak, you must add tons of MSG. Strikes 4,5 and 6.Prior to being served, when we asked where our entree was (it had been at least 30 minutes since we ordered), the waitress told us that it takes 45 minutes to cook the steak medium well. That explains the shoe leather. Strike 7...see where this is going?Food quality is Sizzler. Ambiance is tourist trap.Entertainment...a jazz band was setting up throughout the meal and started playing in the last few minutes of our time there. If you have seen "So I Married an Axe Murderer," then you know exactly what this band sounded like. I half expected someone to take the mic and start singing...Woman....Wooooooeeee-man.So, if you are hungry and driving down Mill Avenue and see the gigantic billboard for Monti's...keep driving. There's a McDonalds or a Taco Bell not too much further down the road.
2	Meh indeed.  This place is the personification of mediocrity; from the wait-staff, to the interior, to the food, it is all the same.  This could be a long review so, please, hold on:The place is massive, being from the DC metro area, I am used to small spaces, so I felt like a lab mouse in a maze, but that is just me.  The server was nice, but he was very obtrusive a few times during the meal.  He would loudly interject to see if the food was okay or if we needed anything.  I know being a waiter is a hard thing to do, but there is never a need to interrupt a group conversation to make sure things are "ok". I read a great deal of reviews that raved about the bread; here is the deal.  Rosemary is not an herb that should top bread, that simple; it is too dry and woody to be topping anything but meat.  The bread was tasty, but covered in butter, even too much for a former farm-boy. The food was mediocre at best.  I will say this being from the steel belt, if I ask if you can do a black and blue or Pittsburgh style steak properly, please make sure you have eaten one before so you know what it is and have the ability to do it properly.  I have no issues at all if you do not have the ability/facilities to properly do a black and blue.  It is a very hard way to cook a steak. The steak, clearly, was not cooked properly, but was still tasty enough.  The veggies were soaked in butter, after eating them, my plate had a buttery pool left over.  The rice was bad, just bad.  It was over cooked, mushy, and surprising, it was cold!Steakhouses, and I do use that term lightly for this establishment, should never serve a drink in a plastic cup/glass with a straw.  Come on, this is not Denny's!  Invest in some pint glasses and treat adults like adults.Final thoughts - it is too inexpensive to call themselves a steakhouse.  It is a Ruby Tuesday, et al... that has been open for 70 some odd years and has a rustic appeal.  Who cares?!  The food, service and experience is worthless and the steak was sub-par.  Save your money and go to a real steakhouse.
4	Meant to try Classic Italian Pizza today after eating at The Parlor on Sunday. Which by the way I loved, got the Yukon Gold Potato Pizza, but for that I'll add to the various Parlor threads. I'm definitely a pizza neophyte when trying to explore beyond what the to-go places, streets of new york, nypd, etc. Unfortunately, didn't realize they were a 5-10 place!Wandering around Mill Ave and realizing the 202 was approaching, decided to stop at this corner restaurant. It's huge! The parking lot and entrance seem to have a very weird relationship however, and the myriad unmarked doors, little alleyways inside the building made me a little leery, but also induced a sense of adventure, as if I was exploring some mysterious castle. A little fun in and of itself, but not quite what I want to feel before I walk into a restaurant. After finding the entrance however, I was entranced by the history this restaurant proclaims. The hostess (mind you, this is around 1:40pm) said that someone would be with me shortly, which was a little weird because no one was in the restaurant, but I didn't mind because there is so much to distract you. Articles, history, guns everywhere, a little bar area, curtained rooms, partitioned rooms for what I fantasize secret meetings taking place, I gotta admit, I was enchanted. Not so enchanting was after I walked around the building I realize we still had not been seated. There were probably about 4 tables of customers, but I was shocked to look at my watch and see it was 1:50pm. I mean, 10 minutes at a near empty restaurant? Come on.We were led through the honeycomb of rooms to an area that had a view of the historic Hayden flour mill under construction. I guess it wasn't the prettiest picture with the state of the building and halting of the restoration, but it promoted some conversation I suppose. Country music crooned gently in the background, the restaurant felt quite but that was likely due to the size and lack of customers. I can never resist baked potato soup, and upon ordering it and some sprites it was a mere 2 minute wait. I remember thinking to myself, now we're talking! Creamy, peppery, thick with potato, I thought it was a very nice version, but I still rate Crackers and Co version my favorite. It was almost too heavy, but still, I was happy. The server also asked if I wanted to have the Monti Bread, which turned out to be decent but room temperature. It was pretty tasty regardless with dill, garlic, almost-but-not-quite over salted, an almost fluffy interior. I just really regret the temp it came out at, I thought it could've been great it it came out hot.Unfortunately ,the temperature as well as the I-don't-mind-taking-my-time-and-thus-your-time theme continued. When my lunch order of 7oz prime rib came out, along with mashed potatoes I ordered as a side that came with it, we were in the 20-25 minute range. 3 containers of au jus, horseradish blended, and sour cream were the perfect accompaniments for my lunch. The mashed potatoes were great, melting-in-the-mouth variety while being slightly firm, hate liquidy mashed that you find at lazy restaurants. The prime rib I ordered medium rare, and it was, also seasoned very well, was luscious, although I must admit its the first time I've had prime rib for probably 2 years. My girlfriend ordered the fettuccine chicken alfredo, which had a nicely rich without being oily sauce, and the pasta was tender. However the chicken almost seemed to be an afterthought, without feeling much seasoning and just mopping up the sauce, and being slightly dry. With that said, a feeling of wistfulness pervaded my meal, because I felt that it could've been amazing, but was done in by service issues. I enjoyed it, I will probably go back, but in the recesses of my mind I'll be judging and wondering if being teased by a the promise of a great experience and being let down to a good one will be worth it. This place will either be a place I come to love or hate, hopefully the former!7oz prime rib w/side lunch: 11.99fettuccine chicken alfredo: 14.992 soft drinks: I think about $6the soups didn't appear on the bill, but they would've been 2.99 for a cup, 3.99 for a bowl.I'm a fan for now, but subsequent visits will determine a final rating.
1	There used to be a Monti's across from Fiesta mall and that was a much better location. The ambience in this location is horrible, even if it is considered a landmark. The bread they give wasn't as good as the one at the newer Monti's that closed down. The fried zucchini I ordered was also hard and tasted really bad. One of the worst dining experiences that I've had.
4	A nice stop after the Great Arizona Beer Festival. Gave us time to sit back, cool our heels, and not be too drunk from all that beer.The decor of this beautiful old building is excellent and creates great ambiance.Food was pretty good... I had the shrimp scampi fettucini alfredo, spinach and artichoke dip (that had a dollop of guacamole in it... nice touch... even though the guac didn't appear to be restaurant made).What cracked me up was the waitress... she was hilarious.  We were sitting outside and there was a bee coming up and hanging around her belt, so I nonchalantly mentioned to her that there was a bee and be careful.  She was GONE in a nano second and across the whole patio, yelling "IS IT GONE??? WHERE IS IT??"I about fell on the floor laughing my ass off.One thing about this place that left a bad taste... the management.  The waitress was so busy and the manager was just standing there... like they really didn't want to be there and they don't care if they have customers or not.  They didn't help their staff.  We weren't happy with that.  Waitress was great... management was not helping.
3	We were out there for the AZ Beer festival and stopped here for dinner. It has been a long time since I was here last and I actually looked forward to getting a great meal.The meal itself was great! and the server was very nice and polite. I was very disappointed with the management, our waitress was running around trying to get to all of her tables in a very busy patio. I went inside to get napkins since there were none at the table and I actually had to walk all the way to the server's area to find the manager just standing there doing nothing while the serve staff was running around like mad! I have worked in the restaurant business and when I was a waitress our manager will roll up his/her sleeves and help with getting orders out or making sure that beverage refills were done. This guy was just standing there in the back of the restaurant just watching his staff going crazy with the amount of people there. I was really sorry to see that. The food was good and the waitress was good also. The reason they get 3 stars from me is that I should never have to go and find a restaurant manager in the back of the kitchen just so I can get some napkins...
1	I heard great things about this restaurant so we decided to give it a try when we came down for Spring Training. For a steakhouse, I was not impressed. I threw out half of my steak due to fat and grizzle. The waiter was not very good - had to continue asking for refills on our drinks.  We hardly saw him until our food got there, then within 4 minutes saw him twice and he asked how everything was. If he had looked, he would have noticed that we spent our time cutting up our kids' steaks.Then he came back 10-15 minutes later while we were still eating and he asked if we needed boxes or wanted dessert. What? We are still eating! Didn't see him again for about 10-15 minutes when he gave us our check! Excuse me, is that how they wait tables here in AZ? What happened to manners or professionalism? When we told him we wanted dessert to go, we had everything within 5 minutes! Where was this person when I needed a drink refill?  Oh yes, and that box that was once offered was not offered again and he never mentioned anything about the pile of fat and grizzle on the plate. Another interesting point - was told that if you wanted the bleu cheese dressing that there would be a small charge. He never mentioned that milk refills would be extra. Humm, if someone recommends this place to me again, I would really have to see how desperate I was for food.
4	Food is great, specials are always a good deal and atmosphere is amazing.
4	Was back today for dinner, and again it was a great experience. In my last review my only complaint was the vegetable portion, which this time was decidedly larger. I've never had a bad experience and I don't anticipate ever having one here.
5	My girlfriend isn't much of a meat eater but she went here anyway and throughouly enjoyed it.  Great ambience on the north side of Mill Ave so plenty of bars to hit afterwards.  Prices were extremely reasonable.  Had the old scholl western steakhouse charm to it. Nice and dark, a good place for a date.
3	Go here for steak.  Everything else will probably be mediocre.  Tried some of the rib eye and had prime rib.  Both were tender, flavorful, perfectly cooked.  The shrimp that came with the steak entree were another story though.  We had a mix of fried and grilled shrimp, and both were dry and overcooked.  The portions for the steak entrees are good for the price you pay.  Oh, and the bread that is served pre-meal is delicious- warm, soft and garlicky, topped with rosemary.
2	I've gone here off and on since the late 70's and never been quite so disappointed as my most recent 2 visits which makes me wonder, based upon other reviews, if our table might have been an exception. Most recently, the appetizers were mediocre at best with the wedge potatoes hard(burnt) and the spinach artichoke dip nearly runny. The steak(filet mignon) was kind of tough even though it was very pink inside(not overcooked). The only person in our party of 8 who was happy had a chicken dish that she said was very good. The bread was the only item all of us enjoyed. This isn't a place to take friends from out of town anymore unless you want to dis the metro area or aqre in a hurry to see the town lake after your meal. If people insist on coming here, have a sandwich, they are pretty tasty.
1	HORRIBLE! TERRIBLE! DON'T EAT HERE!!! EVERRRRRRRRR!Despite the bad reviews here on Yelp, we tried this place out at the suggestion of a friend. My mom and I decided to take my dad here for father's day...terrible idea...especially since I actually love my Dad...making anyone eat here is PUNISHMENT!Though we intended to come for dinner, we never made it past appetizers. The waiter started by bringing out the house bread - which was actually a doughy slighted underdone mound covered in dried rosemary and thyme. I don't like either of those herbs so I didn't even try it - but I can tell from my parent's reaction that it was bad. We should've stopped there, (actually we should have stopped we first walked into the abnormally large restaurant and noticed we were practically the only ones there) but we proceeded to order an appetizer of chicken empanadas which we were told by our waiter were so delicious they were brought back for Father's Day. Question: if they were so damn good, then why were they discontinued in the first place?Anyway, the empanadas came super hard and over cooked. I literally banged one on the table and IT DIDN'T CRACK!!! We cut one down the middle to do some investigating and found that these supposedly delicious appetizers were actually a medley of pressed chicken, that's right PRESSED CHICKEN, and brown goo. Even McDonald's serves real chicken nowadays! (I think) My Dad was brave enough to try one and immediately spit it out...and with that we left a $20 bill (enough to cover the bill) and jetted. My poor Dad's appetite was ruined but I made it up to him by grilling him a nice steak later that day. Moral of the story....SAVE YOUR MONEY SAVE YOUR TIME AND DON'T GO! This place should seriously be on kitchen nightmares. It needs a Gordon Ramsey intervention asap!
3	I'm not a big steak person... so I've only been here twice. The first time, I had ordered a pasta dish and it was just okay. Today, I was there with a big group of people... I ordered the Southwest Chicken Sandwich off the lunch menu, and was actually quite pleased. It was yummy (though I expected it to be a bit spicier... pretty mild pepper jack cheese), and with a good sized helping of mashed potatoes, it filled me up well.For the most part, I think people should come here for the history... and not so much the food. The owner is really friendly and very passionate about the history of the building. So if you are interested in local history, swing on by... but don't expect to be OMGWOW'ed by the food.
1	Monti's used to be so good... now it's awful.  The prices have gone up while the food quality has gone done.  Extremely dissapointed.  I wish they would bring back their old menu and food.
4	Better steak than Outback, and prices are just about as good. After moving to Phoenix this summer, we went for a second time after an initial visit 3 years ago. It was better than I remembered: large, flavorful, juicy steaks, fresh, generous-sized salads, incredible onion rings for an appetizer, and your normal baked potatoes, plus soft drinks. His top sirloin steak was 12 oz, mine was 8 oz, both ordered "medium." Mine was perfect, his was just a tad on the rare side, but both were melt-in-your mouth and, in my opinion, better than what we usually get at Outback. I'm always critical of steak that you can't chew and swallow - the kind where you inevitably have to leave little unchewable pieces on your plate. Not so at Monti's. These steaks were memorably tender and yummy.Total price with tax for a large plate of huge onion rings, two steaks with two sides, and two soft drinks was $51. Not a bargain, but very reasonable.As for atmosphere, it's a large restaurant but very segmented into smaller rooms (it's a very old, historic residence from the 1800s), so we had a table in the back that was quite private, although we could see other diners. It felt intimate, which is what we wanted. Noise level was low - we could hear other diners too, along with the country music playing over the speakers, but we had no problem at all hearing each other, like it is in some places.Service was excellent. Our waiter was absolutely great because he came to check on us but never interfered.The only thing lacking was a candle on the table or any acknowledgment of our special occasion. We told them we were there to celebrate our anniversary, and how hard could it be to put a single flower or a candle on the table, or comp us a dessert? They never said a word except to say yes, we know it's your anniversary so we gave you a special table. Other than the semi-private location, there wasn't anything special about the table. A little something extra would certainly encourage us to return to Monti's for other special occasions.But for a great steak dinner, in my opinion, Monti's was just right.
4	I can't believe all the negative reviews on this place!!! I have never had an issue with this place. Then again, I am not very picky when it comes to my steak. I rarely eat it and when I do, I smother it in steak sauce. So I really could care less about whether it's seasoned properly or cooked to my liking. I look at it as the steak being the vehicle to get the steak sauce into my mouf! Haha, yes I know its rediculous but I am not one of those people that is a diva when it comes to my steak, only when it comes to all other aspects of my meal. Anyways, I really like Monti's. Its the only place where I can get a side of spaghetti with my steak!!!!! And I have to say that their spaghetti is very good, so good in fact that I have ordered it as my meal a few times. Normally when I go, I order the filet with spaghetti, add a meatball, and green beans if they have them. There is something about this combination that is just soooo comforting and good. Maybe its just the italian in me. I will admit there were a couple of times when I asked for my steak medium and it came out medium well and once it was almost charred. However, I still walked away satisfied because of the steak sauce, spaghetti, green beans, salad (which has a great ranch dressing) and the bread. Oh yes, the bread is amazing. We call it grass bread because the rosemary on top looks like little pieces of grass. Haha.  Its always hot, soft, and buttery. Anyways, I would say that if you are big on your steaks, this place is kind of inconsistent so its possible that you might not have a good experience. But since I am not picky when it comes to steaks, I am almost always satisfied with my meal from Monti's. The service has never been bad and the prices are very reasonable for a steakhouse. A couple of final tips, their garlic bread that comes with their spaghetti is very very good as well. Also, make sure you keep track of where you are sitting as you will most likely get lost in this maze if you have to excuse yourself from the table. Oh yes and their onion rings are great as well!
3	I'm struggling with two or three stars for Monti's, but will give them credit for their historical significance and comfortable ambiance, therefore rounding up to three.Our server was great, I'm always a fan of this neat little old house, and I was thrilled to see AZ beef featured for the fillet mignon.  Of course, this was the steak I tried (did not, however, take the upsell for a side of fried shrimp).  I ordered it medium rare, wanting to savor this locally produced beef, and was slightly disappointed by the slight overcooking.... and the fact that it looked pan-cooked rather than grilled.So I cut into the steak -- a bit sinewy for my tastes and obviously not what I'd consider a prime cut, but still quite tender.  I was looking forward to the intrinsic flavors of natural beef as I raised the first bite to my mouth.  And what did I taste?  Salt!  There was also some sort of seasoning blend in there to obscure the steak's natural flavors, which I'd guess is from the heavy marinating that this fillet must have endured.  Is it just that Arizona beef isn't that good on its own?  Why would a chef do such a thing to a fillet mignon!?Oh well, next time I'll just grab a burger and a beer.  I think Monti's would be A-OK for casual grub from the grill.  I just won't get my hopes up next time.
1	Okay... for those of you who enjoy the place... stop reading now! For those individuals who have not been there... read on... and keep in mind... this is just 1 couples opinion. Since I live in the West Valley... my wife and I didn't know anything about the place. This was to be our belated 15 yr anniversary dinner. We thought it was a Mexican food place.... just going off the name alone. (This is why all restaurants here in the States should post their menus outside or right when you walk in. So... we went in... it was later in the evening and they were busy... we waited about 20 minutes and then we were seated. I know the place is old.. .a historical landmark...etc... but... it doesn't have to appear rundown. It had the vibe of a rundown Sizzler.Menu comes... This is the point where we should have left only we are to blame... I mentioned it My wife said lets stay since it was late and we had waited. I saw the menu and thought it was Dennys( Dennys much better) and wanted to leave. We stayed bad move!I said what the heck we will give it a try. We ordered the appetizers Southwest empanadas... the best frozen brand I have tasted in some time. You could tell they were not fresh.. they were from a box and then tossed in the microwave. GREAT! This was going to set the tone for things to come.Entrees... I ordered the chicken marsala with a baked potato and mixed vegetables. I asked for the potato to be loaded... I got butter on it... so that was cool. LOLChicken from a bag... microwaved marsala sauce from a bag or can  microwaved mixed vegetables..soggy and crunchy at the same time not sure how they pulled that off? Potato.. well it is a potato... hard to mess it up. Wifes meal. She ordered a hamburger with the works with fries and chicken noodle soup.Hamburger was dry under the heat lamp with the crusty/crunchy bun for a long long time fries again.. hard to mess up a potato and the soup. The soup not even close to homemade.. straight from a can tossed in the microwave. I'm thinking Progresso maybe Campbell's chicken noodle.All I can envision is an army of cooks behind the scene with scissors /can openers/ and a fleet of microwaves pumping out this SLOP All I could think about is how much better the chain restaurants are and that is truly sad. This place with such a long history it should be killer. It was worse than any Sizzler I can think of!!Such a disappointing experience! We should have gone to Z Tejas down the road!So anyone out there thinking about trying this place.... RUN !! It was horrible to say the least. Honestly, I have had frozen dinners from Fry's which were tastier! Never again!
3	Once you get your expectations in order you realize that this is a good and reasonably priced meal in a historic and cool part of Tempe.  Their bread is excellent.
2	This place has a great location and great ambience.  But the food is really not that great.  I have eaten there a couple times and everyone agreed that it was nothing special.  I know this place is a local favorite b/c of the history but the food is not worth the hype.
5	Went here for our first time last week and it was amazing. I highly recommend it.  The Roman bread is to die for.  I could have had the rest of the meal to go.  We will be going back soon.
4	If you are new to Mill Street, Monti's is a solid choice. Good steak, good not great service, atmosphere. Hard to lose at Monti's, but next time I am in the area I'll try something else.
5	This bldg is the oldest functioning bldg in Tempe and the atmosphere is amAZing.. the service was excellent..now on to the food.. We started with the stuffed mushroom..they were ok.  I had a sirlion and it was delish and cooked to perfection..I also paired it with a salad and at the waiters suggestion tried their own Rocoforet(sp?) dressing..if you like blue cheese you may like it.  It is really pungent.  I also paired my steak with the spaghetti as the waiter suggested and I wasn't disappointed. The marinara was sweat and reminded me of my Grandmother's which brought back memories. Their bread is wonderful it is sweat with rosemary on top.  I will def be back when I come back to Arizona.  I would also suggest calling ahead for reservations.
2	When a steak restaurant is known for its bread, you've got a problem.  The 2 stars are for the historial importance of the place - it's been around forever.  I want to like it, but it's really not that good.  Waited for about 10 minutes before anyone came to take our drink order and by then we were ready to order.  I'm not a big steak eater so I got the Balsamic Chicken - everyone else in my party got steak.  Another 30 minutes go by, still no food and we're starting to worry we will be late for our show at Gammage.  Food shows up, 2 of the steaks are undercooked and have to be sent back to cook more.  My chicken was nothing special - I could have made it at home for about a third of the price (chicken breast topped with sauteed cherry tomatoes, some parmesan cheese and a touch of balsamic vinegar.).  It tasted fine, but not a $16 dish.  All in all, a $100 dinner for four (no alcohol/apps/dessert) is way too much for generic food.
1	My husband and I were in town April 9th as a part of a regatta. We wanted a relaxing steak dinner, after being out in the rain all day. Our hotel recommended Monti's.Unfortunately, we had a miserable experience. We ordered an appetizer, salad, and the 8oz top sirloin, along with wine. The first thing to arrive at our table was our steak. Two waiters showed up with plates and put them down. We told them that we hadn't had our appetizer yet, and they quizzed us, in a not very nice way, about if this was our order or not. They conferred, then grabbed the plates back to take them away. I told them that if those were our plates that I did NOT want steaks that had been put under a warmer. They left at high speed without any acknowledgement.Our waitress showed up with our wine and then our appetizer. We asked about the plates that had been served and were told that it must have been a mistake. We had our appetizer then we were brought our salads. Two bites into the salad, we were brought our steaks. They obviously had been put under a warmer as they were overcooked. We asked what was going on as we had been rushed all night long. She told us that there was some sort of problem in the kitchen, that they had been slammed earlier, and seemed to be putting out our dinner extremely quickly. Frankly, after standing in cold rain all day long, we were too tired and hungry to try to get to the bottom of this mess, and we ate what we could, paid and left. I've had better service and steaks at Sizzler. Save yourself the money and the aggravation.
3	Was here again last night, got there about 5:15 and thought it was closed, there were 8 cars in the parking lot.  Went in and hostess asked if we had a reservation....(huh)  I said no.  She said it will be about 10 minutes before we can seat you.  It was more like 3 minutes but still why the wait with an empty restaurant.we were seated on the far east side room that was totally empty.The food was good, however I suspect loaded with MSG.  woke up about 4:15 this morning with severe reaction that I normally get with MSG.  I thought I might be in trouble for having the soup, but I think the Prime rib which was heavily seasoned was also loaded with it.The place did fill up more as the we progressed through our meal
5	My 10 year old's description of the restaurant: "A maze of awesome." Definitely take some time to walk around, it's full of Tempe history. We were there last night for dinner. My sister who grew up on Monti's was in town, and it's just a requirement. :-) Food excellent as always. Our friend who was also with us had the fish and chips and said it was very good. The rest of us had prime rib and as always it was pretty much perfect. The service was prompt, and our bread basket was always full. I always feel sad when I see bad reviews, because I've never had any service problems when I've visited, busy or non-busy times.
5	When I'm in town for something special I go to Monti' s. Never disappointed in the food or the service. Made a reservation on my way into town on a busy night and got to walk right in to my waiting table.
2	Went here with a bunch of colleagues while in Mesa. The place has a great location, history, atmosphere and building. The food was OK, but not great. When I go to a steak house (that requires reservations), it better be ready to impress. This place has been around so long that it has become complacent in the service and food they are serving. Like another reviewer said, the bread is fantastic, but if it's the high-light of your meal, there's a problem. I started with a chintzy (why so small?) Caesar salad and then an 8 oz. filet and baked potato(also really small). I ordered medium, but got medium well. The steak was edible, but not delectable. The potato was so baked that I could only eat about 3/4 of the potato inside. IMO: the two sides included with your meal should not include the salad. It would have been nice to have something else on my plate rather than just meat and starch.Final say - better than a Denny's or Applebee's steak, not even close to Ruth's Chris quality. Tucson comparison would be El Coral quality of food and ambiance, but not as good as Fleming's or Sullivan's.
3	The food is good.  The presentation is a bit lackluster.  There is a big hustle and bustle about the place, there is plenty of waitstaff and the meal comes out pretty quickly. The salad that comes with the meal is nothing to write home about, but the roman bread is delicious rosemary focaccia, which at a more high end italian restaurant would be lovingly dipped in olive oil and balsamic.   Here it is served with pats of butter (completely unnecessary) but delicious.  Ordered, rib eye, T-bone and a salmon filet dinner.  Price was about eighty bucks for the three entrees. Everything is seasoned.  Depending on your preference this is either good or bad.  I personally prefered my steak seasoned.  The vegetables that came with it are great, as is the baked potato.  The rice pilaf is on the salty side.The biggest complaint is not the food really, I guess I'm just not a fan of the ambiance.  It is really dark inside.  Red vinyl booths and the walls/booths are painted a shiny brown.  I know it is a historic site.  I think it might be fine for college students.  If you want to keep out of town guests happy, you might be better off taking them to Lon's or El Chorro.
5	May 10, 2011Monti's La Casa Vieja100 South Mill AvenueTempe, AZ 85281Dear Erin, Erin ScheidtOn behalf of the Tempe Historical Society, I am extending our sincerest appreciation for a totally beautiful and professional presentation for our luncheon event, Saturday, May 7.  Daniel is truly a consummate and conscientious employee who met and exceed all of our needs.  Compliments for the presentation and food were abundant and I wanted to share those thoughts with you.  Kudos to you and your staff and to Eddie and Michael. With sincere appreciation,Mary Ann KwiloszPast President
3	Its cool that they use a historical building that looks like it hasn't much in the last 100 years.  Its too bad there food probably hasn't improved with the times though.  The bread is good, the steaks are mediocre.  The place is super dimly lit inside.  I do recommend that you at least go and try it once since it is a piece of Tempe history.  *insider tip: have drinks on the outside patio when there is a good concert going on at Tempe beach park.
4	We Filet Minon, Sweet potato fries, spaghetti. New York Top Sirloin Steak, Caesar salad and the roman bread. It was a good dinner.
5	This is the best place to enjoy a steak in Tempe. This place is full of history and atmosphere as well. The rest of the food on the menu is great as well; I've had their ravioli and their fish and chips and loved it all.
3	The food was good. Nothing spectacular, but solid. The service was good considering I was there for a Typewriter event and we had one waitress for nearly 20 of us wandering around and taking up table space with our typewriters.
3	I visited Monti's for the first time and found it to be memorable, but I'm not sure it was for all the right reasons. The decor and layout of the restaurant are immediately evident/noticed upon arrival. The building is rather old but, given the fact this is a long standing business, it's age is part of the charm. Even the walk from the door to the table via what seemed like a cavernous maze seemed to fit the motif. However, the fixtures (tables, etc.) can stand some updating without losing it's "old-world" sort of charm. The staff was VERY friendly and attentive. We were seated immediately on a Friday night (sadly, they weren't very busy) and I never wanted for anything, not even water refills. I ordered the Arizona Raised Filet Mignon butterflied and medium well (please don't yell at me! LOL!) with a baked potato and side salad. The steak was good, but I probably shouldn't have taken the server up on her offer to butterfly, as the inside of the steak was even more well done than defined on the menu or expected. The potato and salad were fine, but not memorable. My friend ordered the Roast Prime Rib of Beef with Roquefort crumbles, a baked potato and french fries. He tells me the steak was a bit too fatty for his taste, but that could just be the cut, itself. His opinion of the sides was about the same as mine. The most memorable part of the meal was probably the complimentary "Roman Bread", which was a bit like an unleavened focaccia.  Seasoned just right, I wouldn't mind trying it again.Monti's has a great location, building and very good servers on their staff. If they can update the interior fixtures and kick their food up just a notch, they'll be able to compete with some of the other local steakhouses which have a more loyal folllowing among people who haven't lived in the Phoenix area their entire lives and find this place to be nostalgic based on their history of visiting during childhood years.
5	Love it here!! The service is exceptional!!
5	You just have to love this place as it has been here so very long.  It is one of the original places in Tempe and it is still a functioning business.         I love old places with great history and this is it.    I have been here on several occasions. Always really liked it. We had  a lovely evening here. Fabulous dinner and great bread of course. Not to worry about parking they own the entire parking lot all around the building...so there is lots of parking.  Good food great staff and wonderful history!
4	This place probably has a delicious full menu. But I wouldn't know. The prime rib and the Filet Mignon is so succulent and yummy that I have not bothered to try anything else.
3	Very casual steakhouse. The place is good for family or group gathering.Service is great, but the food is okay. Not GREAT.
2	For $30 we ordered the fillet mignon special they were having for restaurant week. It was the toughest piece of meat I have ever eaten in a restaurant. The chicken drumstick appetizer was flavorless and tough. The salad was good and the Roquefort dressing, $1.59 extra, was very good.  The red velvet cake was a joke. It was 1/4 inch of cake with an inch and a half of whipped cream on top. I ordered a $8 glass of wine. It was servered warm. It took most of the meal for it to cool down to the temperature of the room. So many other places to spend less money and get a great meal.
5	I love this restaurant. It is a great place to go and i have always had a great time here. The food is excellent.  The service is very good. Lots of parking and the history is great as well. I will always go back here.  The Roman bread is Delish!!
5	Came here for the first time about a week ago.  I decided to go with the baby back ribs.  These are seriously the best ribs I've ever eaten.  Cooked to perfection, meat was falling off the bone.  Perfect balance of fat to give a robust flavor.  The sauce was phenomenal.  Sweet and tangy, yet there was a bit of spice which brought on some mild heat.  To top it off, I had them with a side of steak fries-- my fav!  My husband ordered a steak with a baked potatoe, both were great.  The service was fast, friendly and attentive.  Decor was indiciative of the unique history of the restaurant.  Had a very authentic old AZ feel.  My husband told his father that we were coming to dinner here and he mentioned that this was one of his grandfather's favorite places to eat.  He and a good friend of his (a very well known AZ politician who shall remain nameless) would dine here on a weekly basis.  It was a really cool feeling to know that we could have been sitting in the same booth his grandfather sat many many years ago!
2	the lack of specials is very disapointing. The food is awesome, and I have had some great meals there, but the prices have changed. If you want to keep up in this corporate environment, you need to compete with daily specials. DAILY.
2	While in Tempe for the 2011 SLUTWALK TEMPE, I Yelped and found Monti's. It was close to the start of the Walk plus it's an historic building, the oldest in the area, belonging to the famous Hayden family. That's always fun to make such a discovery.The service was fine and our server was nice and the ambience was delightful. Lots of historic photos and artifacts on the walls.The food: This is the reason for the low rating. Mainly due to my partner's ordering of a fish and chips dish. To quote: "The fish tasted like it came right off the deck of the boat." She could not eat it. The fries had a peculiar taste also and were left uneaten. Throw in the fact that it was a rather expensive dish, let's just say, this was not a happy lunch hour.My BLT with onion rings was quite good. I have no complaints.In retrospect, I wish one of us had spoken to our server about the terrible food. Somebody in the kitchen needs to know about that fish and chips dish.Based on this experience and the fact that along Mill Ave. there are some fabulous-looking eateries, I doubt I'll be back to Monti's any time soon.
3	Where do I begin?After an ASU game, we stumbled down to Monti's for a steak. We sat in the bar and ordered  both drinks and dinner there. Lobby: The smell from the blue-haired crown in the lobby was almost enough to turn us away. The hostesses are not smart or good at their job whatsoever.Service: The waiter was totally obnoxious and not a good people person. He thought he was witty and funny, neither of which he was at all. Drinks: The martini's were very small with tiny olives and not much vodka. They used store-bought toothpicks for the olives, the multi-colored variety, which is cheesy. Appetizers: The bruschetta appetizer was not good and the roqueford dressing ($1.50 extra for blue cheese, what???) for the small, unimaginative salads was hard, lumpy and not  tasty, unless you like sour cream or cream cheese on your salad.Why 3 stars?Steaks: I had one of the best prime ribs ever. The horseradish sauce was the bomb and the a jus side awesome too.The meat was cooked perfectly and the portion was big.  Nice baked potato to go along with everything and good veggies. The filet our friends had was outstanding too, but I may say stick with the prime rib.Tip: Go to Monti's after a few drinks. Order the prime rib medium rare and a cheap bottle of Malbec wine. Enjoy.
5	I am a fan of Monti's! I've never eaten in the actual restaurant, only in the bar and in one of their banquet rooms. Also, I have only had their prime rib, and I am a big fan. The cut is not too fatty and prepared a perfect medium rare. The bread is great and the salad is average. The bartenders are very nice and friendly. Monti's is a great place to have a banquet dinner. They require a minimum party of 30 and their prices are very reasonable. They have an excellent banquet menu which allows you to choose from different offerings. In total, we paid $40 a person including an entree (prime rib, salmon, chicken, or vegetarian ravioli), veggies and baked potato for  sides, salad, bread, plated dessert, and one alcoholic beverage of their choice. That total also included tax, gratuity, and the private bartender fee. The staff was extremely professional and courteous and they really helped us pull of a very successful banquet dinner. The banquet coordinator, Erin, was a pleasure to work with and she made planning the dinner easy and painless. I will continue to come into Monti's for their prime rib and my organization fully intends on having our banquet dinner at Monti's again next year! I'm also looking forward to the renovations they have planned for their outside patio.
4	I was wracking my brain, trying to think of the best place that's reasonably priced to have a good Phoenix area steak experience. I didn't want my lady friend who was taking me out to pay uber high prices at the well-known chains or even a local place, and I wasn't really into bringing a Canadian to some touristy yee-ha psuedo wrangler dive.I mentally slapped my head when I thought of Montis..of course! Old Arizona institution, great location, good parking, full bar run by folks who know how to make a cocktail..everything I wanted, and not too pricey.The place hit on all cylinders. We loved the atmosphere, though an older couple next to us was a bit too vocal about the failing stock market.  Probably could chalk that up to the well-made drinks, my Manhattan was "purrrfect". Good bread included appetizer, and the lady had a petite filet, I had the ribeye. It could not be better. Loved the spaghetti and meat sauce side and the caesar salad, and the lady seemed to enjoy the sweet potato fries.The Suntan Saguaro and Brandy Alexander after-dinner drinks both looked like the same milkshake, but tasted different...and good!It's close to the Tempe Lake park where a nice view of the kinetic lighted bridge awaits, the end of a purrrrfect evening. See you again soon, Monti's La Casa Vieja!
2	My husband, his co worker and I  went to Monti's for lunch at 11:30 am. There was a  festival on Mill and we couldn't get to Corleone's without paying $10 for parking. We waited about 15 minutes only to be seated and find that the place was very empty! We didn't get bread, but maybe they don't offer it during lunch. No biggie. We ordered our food and waited, and waited. It took a good 30 minutes to get our food. I ordered a southwest grilled chicken sandwich and onion rings. It was pretty good and arrived hot. My husband and his friend ordered the NY strip sandwich, one with chicken noodle soup and one with a baked potato. Both sandwiches were cold (but still tasty) as was the soup (I was told the soup was not tasty). Gripes: We didn't get a 'sorry for the long wait' and the sides were teeny tiny.The food: GoodThe service: OkThe wait for a table: TerribleThe wait for food: Terrible
3	The good -* Nice ambiance* "Hot" looking staff at the front waiting area* Good steaksThe bad -* Tiny sides (I mean, the sides look like someone's idea of a joke!)* Not a great value* The waiters upsell, upsell, upsell
5	I went to Monti's with a group of people very diverse in age. Since I was there plenty early I got a chance to visit both the bar and the dining area.  The place has some great history and it was neat to read some of the memorabilia on the walls.  My favorite was the cow picture...you'll have to go there to read it.The bar area is great.  It's separate from the main dining area and has a good casual feel to it.  My bartender provided good service.  They have a limited number of beers, but their selection is diverse and will probably suit most people, plus, it was happy hour...woohoo!  Here's a summary of the dining experience:Food:  Very good.  My steak was good size and sides delicious.  They have nightly specials and I ordered the fillet which came with 2 sides ($12.99).  Very reasonable.Promptness:  Very good, was a busy night but our meals arrived in about 15 minutesService:  Our waiter was noticeably proactive with water refills and had good recommendations (didn't upsell like another review mentioned).Recommendation:  If you're in Tempe looking for a good steak house, I strongly recommend Monti's.  You won't pay $80/oz like other steak houses, but if you have money to burn then please contact me.
1	We first went to Monti's over 30 years ago. We have gone regularly for decades. We have enjoyed small intimate dinners and large family gatherings. The food had always been good and the atmosphere pleasant. It is has changed drastically over the last year. We applied my three strikes rule to make sure it was not just a bad night. The questions have been answered for me. This is not a restaurant that should be on anyone's go to list anymore. If you want a good meal with good service keep looking.
5	Lived here my whole life and have been told by many to go.  Lived up to the hype.  Best filet I have ever had and I have had many in establishments that charge over 100 dollars for theirs.  Cozy atmosphere.  Friendly and attentive staff.  Do not go anywhere else if you want a real steak.
4	This place was classic.  Lots of history, great food.  Prime Rib, bread, potatoes all awesome.  Salad was okay.  Pricing was very competitive.
1	As a native of Arizona, I have dined and loved Monti's since I was a kid.  When friends or relatives visit, I love to take them there because of the history and the ambiance, as well as the food.  I don't know what has been going on there lately, but the last two times I have gotten steak there, I have been very disapointed.  Most recently, I oredered their larger filet mignon medium rare.  Not a tall order in my opinion, and both steaks at my table arrived burned.  The center was cooked correctly, but the outside was far from charred, and left the burned bad taste in every bite.  My girlfriend choked hers down, but I was utterly disgusted after eating half of mine.  We were comped for one of the meals, but the manager thought the steaks looked normal. After asking some of my friends, they replied that their steaks had tasted charred at their last visit as well.  Good steak is hard to find, but bad steak can be gotten anywhere.  Sadly, I won't be going back.
4	I really enjoyed my rib's, side salad and baked potato with the works. The service was better a couple of weeks ago when we went but whatever. I love the sauce on the ribs and my brother loved his big ravioli  and my dad enjoyed his chicken sandwich. This place hasn't been around for as long as it has for nothing the food is good!
4	I ate here for the first time last week, and I loved it.I had a burger (the Full Monti) rather than a steak, and it was probably the biggest and messiest burger I've ever tried to eat. But that's half the fun, right? You get two sides, and I was pleased to see sweet potato fries on the menu, since that is my kryptonite. Our table also got an appetizer to share, the spinach and artichoke dip. I think I'd actually say that was the highlight of the meal, because that dip was to die for. I wonder how strange it would be for me to go back and just order that.The staff were all really polite and friendly. It was my birthday dinner, and I got a free ice cream, with a candle and everything. We also showed up kind of late and didn't leave until after they closed up, but they were pretty forgiving about it. Nobody kicked us out or anything, even though we must have been inconveniencing somebody. The decor was great; we ate in the fountain room, which used to be outside, but they kept the fountain in place. All in all it was a good dining experience!
1	Tried to go in for lunch, a few days ago, and were told there would be a 15min wait for a table..at like 3 in the afternoon with no one else in the place..poor, poor form. Took it down the street and spent money, elsewhere. These are the businesses that are crying about the economy hurting them, when in reality it is their own service and dedication to patrons that falters.
4	Best steak (filet) I've had in some time. This included Donovan's and Ruth Chris. Can't beat the prices which include sides and not a la carte.
4	The Monti Burger was awesome and the atmosphere was extremely authentic to Phoenix.  We were having a going-away dinner for one of our employees and I was very impressed with how we were accomodated on a busy Saturday evening.
4	the first visit was a disaster.our second visit was better.  we made reservations and we still had to wait about 20 minutes.  like the comments written before, we had to wait when the restaurant didn't seem that busy.  the hostess left a not-so-friendly impression.the food for the 2nd go around was great.  we ordered the filet and full monti burger.  they both were great.  not the best but good.  the sweat potato fries were very good.the service was right on.  we had a family of 9 and our server did an awesome job.we saw an episode on arizona highways that legend has it that there is a ghost near the pond inside the restaurant.  we didn't see or hear a ghost during our visit.
5	Ok we have been coming to Monti's every year for many many many years.  This year did not disappoint.... Monti's still does the BEST steaks and prime rib.  We had an excellent dinner with wonderful service and will be coming back for years.Everyone in our group totally enjoyed their food and our daugher (kid's menu is great) LOVED her petit steak.... she ate almost the whole thing......Thanks Michael for another wonderful dining experience and a WONDERFUL staff...
3	We had my father's 70th birthday party here. Our meal was delicious. The salads were good - nice mix of real lettuce, and fantastic dressing. Our appetizers were good. My meal was delicious - my steak was warm but still pink, just like I like it. My only complaint? It took FOREVER for our food to arrive. Like, laughably long, It was surreal. Still, my father and his siblings love this place, and for good reason. The building is full of history and the restaurant delivers consistent quality, and has for years.
1	I'm not going back here. Went in on a Saturday night at 9pm and it was horrible. Not because the place was busy but due to the horrible service. The ranch salad dressing was tasteless, the server got my drink wrong (by a long shot), two of my friends had steaks that were not cooked the way they were ordered. We could have sent the wrong orders back if the server ever came back to check on things. So it would have taken entirely too long to get the food back. Then the guy dropped the check and didn't return for a solid 20 minutes. We had to hunt down a different server and have them run our check.  He was clearly in no hurry and didn't have many tables so, I don't know what his problem was.
3	Came here for some beers and  snacks as the event accross the street didn't carry alcohol. The chips where good, but our service could have been better. I think it may have been a little to busy for the waiter as our chips didn't come by until we reminded him. I have to try out this place again as it does look like that one time was just a random day.
2	Took an out of town, corporate guest here tonight. It was very busy, with a 35 minute wait, which was surprising for a random Wednesday night. Since we were not interested in waiting, we decided to leave. The hostess told us that the bar area was full service and we could sit right away. I thought, "good idea". Well, it seems that a lot of other people had this idea as well. Only problem was that this area was not staffed to accommodate the number of people in there. Our poor waiter, though very nice, was not very attentive. I do not blame him though. Management should have worked out some type of help to ensure all of the customers were promptly served. Took almost a half an hour just to get water. Another 15 to get our appetizer of spinach and artichoke dip. Things finally started to come down and dinner came out in a more timely manner, but by this time, it was getting so late. The spaghetti I ordered was was just meh, nothing fantastic. I was very disappointed that the restaurant didn't live up to my expectations.
5	My boyfriend and I went to this steakhouse on a double date with our roommates for Valentine's Day dinner a while back. We were all satisfied with the service and food! The portions were PERFECT and the pricing was right on for what they have to offer! Very tasty and filling. The layout inside was nice as well, we even had our own little private booth. It was definitely a night to remember! :D  Thanks Monti's!
2	This place is just way too big.  I felt like I was eating in the hallway of a labyrinth.  My prime rib was good and they had a 5-cent beer special at the bar for 4square check-ins after dinner.  But that was about the extent of the good stuff.  The remainder of the food was mediocre and I'm pretty sure our waitress was high (which I would think is a bad idea in the labyrinth).  I can't complain about that too much because (a) I was drunk and (b) I'm sure that's pretty common in the restaurant biz.  But I shouldn't be able to obviously tell, that's all I'm saying.  Combine a few of these negative things with the fact that nothing at all stood out as a cut above, and I just can't say this place gave me a great experience.  And since we were a large and fairly rowdy bachelor party group of 12 and nobody seemed to be having all that great a time, I'd say that impression was left on us all.  There's nothing particularly wrong with this place, Pacman maze notwithstanding, but there certainly wasn't anything redeeming about it either.
4	I had the top sirloin, salad and veggies. The roman bread weakened my resolve to avoid white encriched flour as part of my diet. SO good! I wanted to take some home. I'm going to get the recipe and try making it myself with whole wheat flour instead. The steak was very good, actually it was all really good. I'm taking my parents there next time they come to town. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars because of the wait time. We were told 15 minutes and it turned into 30. Guess you have to wait longer when it's good and there's a line. something to be said for that.
5	Came here again for dinner. I always love the food here. Lots of parkiing in the lot,even though it was very busy.This time we got a Burger and Prime Rib. Really good!    Clam chowder even though it was a Saturday and fabulous Roman Bread. Prime Rib was tender and nice and bloody......Asparagus was our vegatabel of choice , cooked to perfection.   Burger as well fabu!   We were far to full to have dessert. oh and i almost forgot. The Meatballs for a starter....really good. Never had those before.Well run place, always great customer service and love the history of the building.
3	The in-laws love their steakhouses, so being a non-beef-eater poses its challenges. I had their rib plate, half rack, with a loaded baked potato and the salad with Roquefort dressing. I'm not much a fan of iceberg lettuce, but the dressing was tasty. Monte's isn't a BBQ joint, but they do a decent job on the ribs and I cleaned my plate of pork. There's a good-looking chicken pasta on the menu that I'll likely try if I return. This place is huge, has been around forever and you can kinda tell. Its worth a stop if you haven't been.
4	Rustic Tempe location. Always a good steak for the price.
1	SO disappointed. We hadn't been to Monti's in quite awhile.  We had tickets to a show at Gammage and thought it would be convenient.  It was early (5:30pm) and we had made reservations.  What they didn't tell us when we made the reservations was that they had several banquets for that evening and were seating smaller parties in the front rooms.  The room we were seated in was reminiscent of a very old, not recently cleaned Sizzler/Denny's.  No ambiance at all other than the tin ceilings.  Chipped formica table tops (no table clothes), visible rips in the booths, the carpets could not have been cleaned anytime in the last century, bent forks, tacky plastic water glasses.  The food was fine...just fine.  The service fine, although she didn't come back when dinner's were served to ask if we wanted another drink.  When we complained to the manager about being seated in a small ugly room, he just noted its old, historical significance and literally walked away.  We are locals and with all of the great restaurants around,we won't be bothering with this place again.
4	I have to say that our server made our experience. It's been a couple weeks since we visited Monti's, so I've forgotten his name, but our server was excellent. I made reservations a half hour before we wanted to be there (on a Friday night) and didn't have to wait at all when we walked in. Maybe it's because we were a little later than normal... Also, the hostess used my name when we arrived, which was a nice touch. Now, on to the food -Steaks were cooked perfectly, sides were great. What you would expect. The restaurant is a little labyrinth-esque, so make sure you're paying attention to where you're going when they walk you to your table.If you're looking for a taste of some Tempe history, stop by. You won't be disappointed.
1	I didn't even get to go in and try the food or drinks. Why? Because the manager decided to corner me in the parking lot and scream at me.It was an event day on Mill which means parking sucks. My boyfriend and I were there for the event, but wanted to stop at Monti's first for a drink and an appetizer. I didn't see the booth that apparently I was supposed to pay for parking at - a sign would help, a small child sitting in the bushes who collects the money does not help.We parked, and as I got out the car the manager at Monti's ran up to me and started literally yelling at me, telling me I couldn't park there. I asked why and he said because I wasn't eating there. My, what a grand assumption to make considering I parked AT THE RESTAURANT. I guess he's used to people parking and not eating there - I can't image why.I was happy to pay for parking, I told him, and was going inside for drinks. He proceeded to doubt me and say that I "better go inside then". Way to threaten me, bro.I said eff that and paid the kid near the booth $5 (though the manager told us it was $10- what a liar!) and told the manager that I don't want to eat at a place where someone is going to yell at me.So yeah, Monti's, I will never know your food - because you are rude.
2	Seems like Monti's used to be allot better.  Last time I went, 6-5-12 for dinner, service and food quality were about 2 stars.  My prime rib tasted dry and old, the Roman Bread was 1/4" thick and the dough was tough, and my Baked Potato was old tasting and turning a little brown from oxidation.  The salad was OK.  The service was only fair, at best. Not what I expect for the prices they are charging.  The last couple of meals I have gotten there have been Meh, as well.  I think Monti's has become arrogant and complacent, from year of sucess, and now dosen't worry too much about maintiaining food quality or great service.  They always say there is a small wait, even if the place is empty.  I never have understood that policy.  I guess there are enough fans or new Tempe visitors to keep Monti's going, even as they severely decline in quality.
5	I cannot say enough good about this restaurant. It is so good. It can be a very romantic place or a great place for parties and meetings. There is a lot of rooms so you have private areas as well as the bar area.I read the last review about the parking. Parking is tight in Tempe so you cannot expect to park here for an Event when you are not patronizing the restaurant.   The place is an historical site which i think is great!  I love the old photos on the wall here.  The food is wonderful and everything is cooked just the way you like it.Roman Bread is the best!
3	I thought Monti's was an average steak house.  It certainly is not expensive, but I didn't think the meat was that tasty and the sides were ok.  I do like the fact that I can charge my Nissan Leaf in the parking lot while I'm inside.I had made a reservation, and was surprised that those who do book in advance do not get to sit in the historical part of Monti's.  I thought you'd want your reservations to experience the entire history, but no.  The inside was very dark and drab.Just nothing to write home about.
3	Chef Robert Irvine on Restaurant Impossible would have a field day with this place. It has an identity crisis! We were from out of state and wanted Mexican food. Looks like a Mexican restaurant. Name sounds like a Mexican restaurant. It's actually a steakhouse! The building is old and historic and has about 8 entrances. Pick one and you'll be lead through a maze as you follow the signs to the Hostess Desk. Our server, Daniel was very nice. Food was super average, steaks prepared wrong, etc. Prices were good, but if you want a great steakhouse, eat elsewhere.
5	Drove here Saturday night craving MEAT!!!@! my best friend and i had our wallets ready to feast like queens :D i ordered the 16 oz prime rib with sauteed mushrooms and a glass of red wine. my bestie ordered the porterhouse and a coke. 16 oz prime rib ($25): i ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. it was ammmazzing!! it was tender, very juicy, the cut was 3/4 of an inch. the prime rib was slightly seasoned and it was perfect. Porterhouse ($30): it was cooked at Medium. My bestie gave me the parts where the fat was on the steak.. she passed that part over to me so i had a taste LOL at medium it was a bit dry. the steak was boned in. it was kinda bland but hey!!... its not my meal so bleh...as long as mine was bombay.. i dont care LOL. Wine ($6): not sure what i got cz i asked the watiress to surprise me LOL it was good thoCoke(?): oh man... it tasted sweet and bubbly... it was pretty darn good cup of coke LOLService (priceless): they were very attentive, kept coming back to check up on us. they were so polite O_O never had that great of a service in cali -_- come on.. LOL do i really have to drive to arizona for good service now? LOL
3	Apparently this is the largest restaurant in the state of Arizona. From the outside and the dining area I ate in, could have fooled me. A good friend of mine was working his last shift as a server so that is why I went. Not a huge fan of steakhouses. The atmosphere was pretty throw-back, 70s vibe, someplace your grandpa and dad would take you for your first real steak experience. It was dark inside and they sitting area had a retro feel like an Arizona mobster may be biting down into his steak right next to you. I was told there's a lot of history in the building so I respected the decor. I order a wonderful shrimp salad that came topped with the biggest, juiciest shrimps I've seen in a long time. I saved them for last because they were so crunchy to eat. My roommate ordered a sirloin and sadly had to send it back twice to get it recooked. Our wiater said that wsn't the first time that evening that had happened with someone's food and that particular chef. But the bread basket made up for it. With wonderful rosemary topped, the bread was light and buttery. Best part of the night? Check in on Foursquare and you can get a beer for .5 cents at the bar. We knew the waiter so he hooked us up at the table, but I have NEVER seen a deal that insane on Fourswaure before.
4	Great service good portions and a fair price. I had a reasonable expenditure for business and I had sexcellent tortilla soup, good prime rib, their sauce was smooth, the dessert, peach cobbler was perfect and sizable. Thank you Hyatt for recommending Monti's
5	Great place for a very good steak, cold beer, wonderful peach cobbler. What more can you ask for. How about a very inexpensive price. The quality of the tortilla soup, the large potato, prime rib was great, and the pie was fantastic.
4	Our family has been a fan of Monit's for about 40 years now.  The last few times we went there I had been less than impressed with the service and food.  They have made some changes evidently because this last experience was much better.  Although the menu prices have gone up, the quality and service have improved dramatically over previous visits.  The place looked like it had undergone some renovations and looked cleaner and fresher.  Service was pretty quick and the food all done to perfection.  Their rosemary bread is always awesome and we were all impressed.  We will always be fans, but it was a nice improvement and glad to see it back to where it had been years ago.
4	Wow - can't believe how many people are rating this low because THEY "thought" it was a Mexican restaurant "because of the name" and were disappointed when they discovered it to be a steak place.  Uh... think much??????Anyway...Date night arrives and lo and behold I see that Monti's is participating in Restaurant Week with a special menu.  Monti's has been a family favorite for a couple of decades and, up to this point, I had never taken my husband of 3.5 years there.  We had early (5:15) reservations for a Saturday night.  The parking lot was fairly full and there were a few couples standing around in the lobby; when we checked in, we were told it would be a 15 minute wait.  I said "Uh... for reservations???"  The young gal quickly admitted her mistake and we were promptly seated in the fountain room (which, coincidentally, was empty - as well as the other 2 rooms we saw... not sure why there would have been a 15 minute wait... but I digress...)Our waitress was FANTASTIC.  She was the embodiment of what you want your servers to be:  knowledgeable, excited about the food, honest, willing to engage the customers, offer suggestions, etc.  Naturally, our meal started off with the famed Roman bread; it didn't disappoint!!  My husband ordered the Spinach/Artichoke Dip - obviously freshly made with freshly blanched spinach (not that frozen crap).  It was different because of the guacamole and red pepper flakes - what an interesting combination!With my prix fixe, I had the "Chicken Adobe Tinga Style" and it was FABULOUS!!!  Nicely done, Monti's!  Next on my menu was the Espresso Rubbed Filet.  It was expertly cooked.  It was served with "Chorizo Potato Hash" which, while tasty, I felt that it was too strongly flavored and took away from the filet.  The "Fig Salsa Frita" was a wonderful accompaniment to the steak, offering a sweet flavor to offset the richness of the steak.  For the dessert course, I had the "Vanilla Bean Arroz con Leche with Cajeta Churros" which, despite its fancy moniker, was quite bland and unimaginative.  It was missing something.  My husband ordered the ribeye which he said was the best he's ever eaten in a restaurant and forced him to vow never to BBQ a steak again - ONLY in a cast iron pan!
4	This restaurant has been around for decades and has a lot of historical value to it.  Food is great and prices are great, especially when you go in for one for their daily specials.  You won't be able to find their Roman bread anywhere else.
5	I went there with my boyfriend for his birthday. We've been here before and it's always wonderful food. This time it was a saturday night, a game night and close to halloween. The place was packed but service was not effected by this in the slightest. The waiter was awsome and when the food came out more spicy then it should be the waiter quickly fixed it. The clam chowder is the best considering there are no oceans anywhere around here. We had the red velvet cake for dessert and we fell in love with it. All in all a wonderful experience.
5	We ate dinner at Monti's on Wednesday October 31. We had a wonderful meal. The food was excellent and our waiter Jesse was friendly and helpful. The next time we are in Tempe we will definitely eat there again. Its easy to see why Monti's has been around so long.
4	We have been going to Monti's since the 70's. Always an enjoyable meal, and take a walk down Mill ave after dinner to top it off! I usually get the ribeye with a loaded baked potato. This particular visit, I had the sirloin - it was cooked to perfection and was absolutely delicious!  The ambiance and history on the walls is priceless. Monti's is always a good meal and a great place to take out of town guests.  Last time we were there - we had our dinner, then walked across mill ave bridge to catch a concert at the Marquee theatre - seeing the lights across the lake was a fantastic sight!
4	Monti's is the oldest establishment in Tempe, and it's a total tourist trap. But unlike most tourist traps, Monti's is good!We were a group of 10, and the servers did an okay job with a larger table. They kept forgetting things, and they were a bit slow, but they were sweet guys who really did try. As for the food, we tried just about everything on the menu, and everybody was pleased with their meal. I had a filet, and it was delicious.The prices were a bit on the higher end, but it wasn't anything crazy - especially for such a popular spot in town. If you're looking for a hole in the wall spot. you might want to skip Monti's - it's huge! And did I mention it's a tourist trap?
4	I had the best time . great food great service.. steaks Mmmmmmmmmm
4	Great historic old building and you'll get a free tour if you are here early. The hostess was wonderful and she told me the stories of Senator Hayden. Eventually, I admitted I wasn't from Arizona and had no idea who/what she was talking about, which led to a deeper historical lesson in History of AZ 101. The location is great,  on Mill St and there's even free parking.I tried the steak salad for lunch and we shared the chips and housemade guacamole. The steak salad is excellent and comes with a balsamic vinaigrette.According to my History prof, who sat me, the "home was built in 1871 and is the oldest home in Tempe", "largest restaurant in AZ "and "oldest continuously occupied building in AZ". Not sure if this is historically accurate and Certainly, I didn't both to ask about the older unoccupied spots which must exist somewhere in AZ. There's a lot of cool maps, photos and other relics hanging on their walls. The ambiance and the service are very good, while I thought this particular meal was above average.
4	Monti's is a good retro steak house.   Menu is not flashy, no ahi-crusted-wassabi-caper-expresso-infused-blackenned, hints of cherry and smoke, slow-roasted, fair-trade-certified, free-range andalusan game hen etc.      The plus side is that they use decent ingredients.   Blue cheese dressing is good, bread is good, beef is good, real butter sour cream etc.Atmosphere is retro and dark which is good.   Think Batman-returns, carnivore, un-threatening (except to ruminates).     Thankfully no loud music.The building is unique, it has at least a thousand rooms and can sit the entire population of Arizona, but careful going to the bathroom take your GPS the place is a maze.Cost is little high but not huge.Overall I recommend this as place to take people visiting PHX area.
4	I just ate at Monti's for the first time and I will definitely be going back soon. Their roman bread was delicious and their ribeye was very juicy and tender, great taste! We got a lot of food for the money.
5	Always good.  Never had a bad meal in my life.
3	Based on this prior visit, we went back to Monti's for lunch. This time the food seemed to take forever. I tried the Salmon Salad and scarfed down a ton of chips due to starvation. I really wish this building had better lighting as the maps/photos and documents of historical significance would mean more in a well-lit room. I ventured about as many of the rooms were closed at lunch and realized this pace is huge!Food 3 starService 3 starAmbiance 3 star-maybe, 4 or 5 with proper lighting!
5	Delicious! The chocolate cake has raisins, just so you know.
4	Was here on saturday with a few friends, got there about 4:45 parking lot was empty. walked in and there was a 15 minute wait?  Anyway we got seated in about 15 minutes and the service was excellent, the food was good and plenty of it.  Looks like they are stepping up their game again, Monti's was on a downhill slide for quite awhile
4	This place is simply great. The steak is excellently flavored, the wait staff are all helpful and very good. The atmosphere of this place is unique as well, as the restaurant is in the oldest building in Tempe. From the outside it looks pretty small, but once inside you will see that it is huge. If you are looking for a GREAT meal that won't bust your wallet, come to Monti's - it is definitely worth it.
3	I have mixed feelings about Monti's. The service was very good, and the building was cool (although rather maze-like, it's easy to get lost). The food itself was, IMO, fine but nothing special. The salad could have been fresher, the fries could have been more cripsy, etc. The prime rib my dad had was excellent, but my filet was very overcooked (grey! and I had asked for medium rare!) but they took it right back and quickly brought me a nicely-cooked cut. Dessert was also good, but again nothing special. Overall not a bad place but I don't feel the need to return.
1	My local alumni association needed a place for a gathering last weekend and someone chose Monti's. I initially resisted based on past experience, but ultimately went along with the plan. The negotiated rate was $50 per head, which would have been reasonable for a nice restaurant. But Monti's is the same drab place it was last time I went there. Service was decent, but food was mediocre.... yet again. Same bland but salty white bread and same love of salt on everything else including the meat. Every time I end up at Monti's, it's someone else's decision and I regret it every time. I'd much rather go to one of the many quality steak restaurants in town.
4	Love the old cavernous interior.  Sat in the pub area and used their Wifi to get work done.  Great burger and friendly staff.  Will try a steak next.
1	This was one of the worst dining experiences in a long time. I can say it is not something I would expect but it appears this is not an isolated incident. Perhaps an overhaul and new training is in order. We were doing a V-day thing the week before V-day. Monti's is a nice place to hang out, chill and eat a great steak. Sounded good to us. We placed a reservation via Yelp and it was ready when we got there. The server walks us back to the table through the maze of hodge podge rooms and booths. The ladies were heading the line with the guys trailing behind them. I am not kidding when I tell you 5 servers walked directly into my path and almost caused several accidents. 1 tray of food, 1 tray of drinks and 3 near misses. The last one I was pissed and verbally said " What The Fuck! " Our hostess heard me and said is everything OK? So I told her and she said sorry. Our server was a young kid. Obviously not great at what he does. I asked for blue cheese and the shit was sour cream with 2 bits of blue. We actually pay extra because this is supposed to be the best blue cheese around. I explained that the ratio was way off and he just said. I will take it off the bill. The entire meal was just OK. I doubt I will go back but would love to have some of the blue cheese!
2	Monti's is undergoing a large construction project which impacts the interior smell. We had to ask to move as the odor of paint thinner was dimming everyone's brain.I'll wait until after summer to re-try.The shrimp salad is so-so.
2	We have been eating at Monti's since the late '60s, often walking to an ASU football game following our meal. Back in those days, you could count on good service by experienced people and quality food. We don't understand why that has all changed. Rather than older staff who knew their craft, many of the servers are young and seemingly untrained. After a less-than-great dining experience two months ago, we went again last night, to give Mont's another chance. The young woman did not understand our drink order, our meat was tough and not cooked to order. The veggies were very good and people stopped by often to ask how we were doing, but for the price of a steak these days, I expect more than a perky waitress and a historical landmark.
2	I was not impressed with the location.  I attended this location twice for business functions.  The food was nothing special and the service was slow.  In addition, the restaurant was either really cold or really hot.  Of the great places in Tempe, this would not be a return visit.
5	Our friend took us to Monti's and it was AMAZING.  The steaks were great, the sides were great.  I actually think they have the best baked potato I have ever eaten and I've eaten a lot of baked potatoes. The ambiance was cozy and historical.  You can even see original adobe bricks and all kinds of neat things like barbed wire examples and historical photos AND eat delicious steaks.
3	The food is good and the service is good. Lots of history and info.
5	Came here with my husband after some of his coworkers recommended it.  Service and meals were great! Everything was cooked just the way we ordered it.  Only complaint would be their mac-n-cheese.  My husband asked if it was homestyle (like a baked casserole).  Our waitress said yes, that they "put cheese on top and bake it".  When it came, it looked like fancy kraft, but with penne noodles and some cheese sprinkled on top.  Not too bad, but he was disappointed.   Even with the mac-n-cheese mishap, this place still gets 5 stars!We will definitely come here again.  Great stop!
5	My family has been coming here for over 50 years for special birthdays, anniversaries and holidays.   My wife and continued the tradition by celebrating our anniversary, 31 years, with Monti's.  And of course, we had our favorite prime rib !  We also loved the new wine menu, our server recommend 2 amazing  glasses of wine. Thanks Trent !  We finished with a the Chocolate Explosion for dessert compliments of Mr Monti. Wow . . .  Very very good ! Hope the next special occasion is soon !
5	awesome!
5	Delicious! Great service! Nice ambiance and AMAZING prime rib!!
3	over priced good food
3	Probably 2.5 stars really. Service was fine, prices are pretty cheap but the food just isn't that good. I am surprised to see this place won 2012 OpenTable Diner's Choice award as the food was pretty disappointing. Meatballs were ok, a little dry, but prime rib bites were over salted and dry and everybody else's prime rib was 'ok'. No one cleared their plates, in fact most didnt eat half....a sign that its just not that good.
5	Been coming here for nearly half a century! Best steaks, and authentic, historical atmosphere! Can't recommend this place enough! Go and enjoy!!!
5	No complaints here, the food is always awesome! I had the halibut & veggies, it definitely exceeded my expectations - I always get the steak and loaded potato and it's always the best.
3	I had an uneven time at Monti's but still plan to go back. I wrote about it in my blog, The Arizona Yankee. Read about my experience at http://timestormcomm.com/im-not-related-to-those-montis/
5	The prime rib is THE BEST you can have. It's not very salt and the meat is very tender! Just don't get lost because its not fun. The restaurant is really big. The bread is really good too. The salad was great! The ranch dressing was really creamy and delicious! Go there everyday!!
4	I haven't been to this place in about 30 years. So we decided to try this place again. Looks like they haven't even changed the decor. It's very western with lots of old pictures. For the appetizer, the bread was okay and the calamari was okay not great. My wife had the clam chowder and it was good. I had the ribeye with a bake potato and asparagus. It was really good. Juicy and tender. My wife had the sea bass and it was really tender and tasty. The prime rib was one of the best that we had. The bathrooms were very clean. The service was very good and friendly. If you don't mind that the decor is a little iffy and you like steak and fish then this is the place for you. I think we'll be back.
5	We celebrated my brother in laws 26th b-day and the food was delicious. Everything came out perfect. We werent big fans of the spaghetti, but thats not what they are known for. I have to say I was very impressed with this establishment tonight. It has that old town ambience as soon as you walk in and felt right at home.
1	SOMETHING'S VERY WRONG AT MONTI'S. We tried to phone them today at (480) 967-7594, and the phone company intercepted the call, "the number you have reached is not in service." Call was made on 6/2/13 at 9:10 AM Arizona time. Odd, because every time we go, the place is packed. This is their number alright, here's what I cut & pasted off their page: To make reservations, please call (480) 967-7594.Adios, Monti's? I'll have to email my pals at the Arizona Republic.Serge F.
5	I've only been here once, and i Loved it. It was a very nice quiet place to sit and eat with the family.
4	Tell me how you can beat a $12 lunch special that includes cheesy garlic bread, salad, baked potato, and fillet. FILLET!! I don't think you can!I had Monti's Classic Lunch Filet for $12 which was a 5oz filet served with cheesy garlic bread, a side, and cheesy garlic toast. The guys had the regular Arizona Raised 7 oz Filet Mignon for $22. Their dishes came with 2 sides, which they had a side salad and loaded baked potato. Either entrees could have been wrapped with applewood smoked bacon for an additional $2. I think that with a great cut of meat you don't need to add a lot to it so I skipped the bacon.The three of us split a side of onions and mushrooms. These went perfectly with the steak. Each bite was loaded with flavor from the juicy steak, caramelized onions, and the meaty mushrooms. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium-rare with a nice char on the outside and a tender, juicy interior. I can't wait to go back again when we are visiting Phoenix.
4	We went to this establishment a couple weeks back for my girlfriend's birthday.  There was group of 14 us that evening, so we were seated in a private room.  The layout of this restaurant is really cool and is filled with history about the restaurant and Tempe.  I ordered the Filet, cooked medium; it came out perfectly cooked with excellent flavor.  The atmosphere was perfect and definitely was worth the menu prices.  The only downsides from this visit is this private room had poor ventilation, or the A/C was not turned down enough.  It became extremely hot in this room the later the night went, and the waiter heard us discussing this while taking orders but ignored our statements.  Also, the waiter mentioned that if we wanted to split checks up, it could take an additional 30 minutes plus, and it would be best to not split up the check.  This is something we had to do, given there were 5 couples and the remaining were on single checks, and we all had our cards, not cash.  This did not take more than 10 minutes after providing our cards, I personally feel the waiter didn't want to break this bills up (which is understandable, but he could have shown professionalism and it explain there could be a delay rather than exaggerate and try to push us all on one bill).
5	I finally got a chance to visit Monti's with my brother for the first time! We went during lunch and had the tacos and steak wraps. It was a fantastic meal and only ended up being around $20 for two dishes. There was so much food and the service was super friendly. I will definitely be coming back sometime with friends or family!
4	Went here on Sunday! The food and service was great! I got the sirloin steak it was cooked perfectly and the meat was fresh. Not the best steak i have ever had but it was very good! They had great bread, salad and sides no complaints at all! I will Defiantly be back!
4	Got in at the tail end of happy hour and loved the original drink menu and appetizers. I will be back for that Mexican Mule. It is a perfect summer drink and I want more. We were the only patrons so it was quiet.. It'sa really nice watering hole when it's over 100 degrees. Monti's has great parking, it  is dark, it is cool and it has Mules!
4	I have to say I always like Monte's.  I love the chicken and burgers.  But this time I ordered the prime rib.....,AMAZING.  I ordered it rare and it was super delicious.
5	I recently found a Living Social deal for this place having never been. My fiancee and I arrived and our awesome waiter, Steve, quickly recognized my folded up living Social coupon. We've been to many places using the LS deals and were usually treated poorly, as if we were cheapskates and undeserving of service. Not Steve. He treated us like we were high-rollers in a casino. He helped us truly get the most value from the deal. We started with a glass of wine, fresh-made bread, and the prime rib bites app was amazing! I ordered the prime rib, but am not a fan of squash and zucchini veg medleys that come with it. I asked if it was possible to sub asparagus from another dish. He asked the chef to make me some asparagus instead as well as some mushrooms for our steaks. The chef graciously agreed. My fiancee ordered the filet. Both our steaks were perfectly cooked to order and beautifully seasoned. Another waitress offered some history behind the establishment and we were even greeted by the managers. Everyone was very nice and we enjoyed an amazing experience. We will definitely be going back to Monti's and would highly recommend this place to anyone.
3	What can I say just good, not great and not bad. Had prime rib dip it was good. This place needs a face lift really bad. Service was not the best I was a little shocked scents a small attitude from the service.
5	My wife and I just ate there and we are both soooo miserable....in a great way. The food and drinks were very good along with the service. Pricing is very reasonable as well.
5	Tried Monti's last night with a Living Social deal. Alberto was our waiter and he was very well informed of the deal, not needing to pour over the details before understanding what we could get like I've experienced at some restaurants. The steaks were perfectly cooked, and I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries... Very fluffy and tasty. Considering it is comparable in price to outback, and the steak was seasoned even better, I think I have a new place when I'm craving steak.
5	Legendary landmark in Tempe!  Roman Bread, steaks, ribs, chicken,you name it, they serve it.  Bring your family and your visitors.  Everybody must eat here!
5	My wife ate here growing up and when we came back to Arizona for our anniversary vacation she said we absolutely had to come here for our special dinner. It did not disappoint!!!!! We had the delicious spinach artichoke dip for our appetizer, we both had the salad with the Roquefort dressing(made fresh in house) & the filet mignon as our entree with grilled vegetables and chipotle Mac n cheese! The steak was super moist with just the right amount of seasoning and charred to perfection. Great food, great service I will definitely be back again!!!! P.S: Our waitress Tiania H was very knowledgable and attentive! Thanks for being awesome!
1	Worst steak in years!  I took family members and am now so embarrassed.  My brother ordered a rare rib eye and it came well done.  He sent it back and the next steak came out rare but so fatty he could not eat it.  I'm humiliated, and Monti's Didn't seem to care.  Oh by the way,  they charge $3.00 for club soda and $6.00 for beer!  Way overpriced for an old run down business.
5	I Stopped by for the $14 Prime Rib dinner special on a Monday night. It was an exceptional value coming with 2 sides and a basket of their fresh baked 'Roman Bread'. I sat at the bar and the service was fantastic.  This guy tending bar is an asset to their business. I added a salad with balsamic vinaigrette and it was very good as well. This is an old school, get down to business, meat and potato style steak house in an historic building. They have a 'house blend' glass of red wine, an Arizona Southern French Rhone style blend that was also an exceptional value IMO...and I have a fairly experienced palette lol! I would definitely recommend the $14 Prime rib on Monday nights.
4	Our Server was Steve, and he was excellent.The bread basket was fantastic, the rosemary bread, and the creamy butter were amazing.Ordered the guacamole; very creamy, great flavor, enjoyed that very much.The entree came with salad and a soup. The soup was chicken tortilla soup. Really excellent handmade soup, with lots of chicken, lots of veggies. Delicious!For my entree I had the prime rib; it was the perfect temperature, and served with creamy horseradish, and a delicious au jus.I have been to Monti's previously, but it had been a while. I was happy to recall what I'd been missing.
2	Just returned from a disappointing meal.  My husband & I have eaten at Monti's several times over the years, and this was an expensive disappointment.  We placed our order and our server brought out our salads & appetizer (calamari) in a timely manner, but we didn't even have the salad dressing spread onto our salads and he came out with our steaks!  He apologized and said that because they weren't very busy, the kitchen was getting food ready too early.  We decided not to send the steaks back because they would have just been put under some heat lamp.  So we had to try to eat our salads and main dish, as well as our appetizer, all at the same time.  My husband's prime rib was also almost more fat than prime rib.  Unfortunately, we won't be going back again.  My husband is a native of Phoenix, and I have lived here for 40 years.  Mont's has always been a favorite of ours,,,,but no longer. So sorry to see the decline in what used to be great steakhouse
4	My first time at this AZ institution and I was impressed.It's an old school steakhouse, no frills, just solid food and excellent service. Brianna was our server and she was just cute as a button and her suggestions were spot on! Amazing service, we never went without. I would definitely request to be in her section next time.We had the living social deal which I would buy again if they offered it.For the app we got the blackened prime rib. It was fantastic so flavorful and tender. If this was in a sandwich I'd be in heaven. Their famous roman bread was also very good.For dinner we both ordered the porterhouse with the chipotle mac and cheese and I got the mashed cuz I'm a carb hound and he got the grilled veggies which was asparagus. Our steaks were great! OH and get the onions and or mushrooms they were amazing. My filet side was so tender. Yum! The sides were good, wish the chipotle mac had more chipotle flavor, but creamy and good.My only gripe is that we were seated at a square table, wish is was a booth with my honey, I don't even know if they have booths, I didn't see any, but we were in the first room. Also, there was a weird side door that people kept coming through looking for the hostess stand. That kinda kills the romance, but oh well. I would definitely go back especially if you have out of towners or say the in laws or something. It's a historic relic that serves some solid steaks!
4	I've been to Monti's a number of times, and it was always a favorite. About a year ago I had a visit that I felt was somewhat underwhelming though. However I took an out of town visitor to Monti's this week and was VERY pleased with the experience. In the time between the visits the menu has been slightly updated, and the food quality has improved greatly. We both ordered the ribeyes. I ordered mine with the mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables. My friend ordered the sweet potato fries, and grilled vegetables. The steaks were cooked perfectly to our order, and had a really nice herbed steak butter. The vegetable they served previously always seemed a bit lacking. Like just your basic steamed veg from a bag. The new Grilled Vegetable option was spot on. The grilled vegetable for the day was fresh asparagus grilled with olive oil and bit of garlic. The sweet potato fries were great, and the mashed potatoes were amazingly good!Of course we also enjoyed the rosemary bread. Its almost a good enough reason on its own to choose Monti's La Casa... Another nice thing was the butter that came with the bread. It always used to come with the typically cheap butter in a foil packet, but now its bring a small ramekin with a nice sweet butter. I know that may sound trivial but it is a nice touch. The wait staff was very attentive, and seemed to be really on top of their game. There was one slight miscommunication. We ordered two San Tan beers, but went he waitress brought our drinks we were shocked to see two whip cream covered frozen desert drinks... apparently when we said San Tan she heard SUNTAN and thought we meant the Suntan Saguaro which appeared be a boozy milkshake. That said our server handled it like a champ, and we had two cold beers in moments. Overall it was really great meal, and Monti's seems to really be on the right track with minor updates yet keeping the old things that were working well. Outstanding!
5	The best restaurant I've been at in Arizona and also has great history. It's a must eat!
3	Good food, good price, good service.
5	I've driven past this place many times, and I always thought it kind of felt out of place on Mill.  I'd heard mixed reviews, and obviously it isn't super popular here on yelp.  But when I saw the Living Social deal (two drinks, any appetizer and any two entrees) it was time to try them out.  Upon arrival, got a nice quick tour of the building, with a little history of the oldest building in Tempe by the host who sat us, thought that was a nice touch.We were there a little early, so we successfully brought down the demographic as most of the patrons were quite older.  Granted, it was game night @ ASU so I'm sure that had something to do with it.  Started with a couple of drinks and the blackened prime rib appetizer which was tasty - even though I prefer my prime rib medium... the creamy horseradish sauce was bomb.For entrees, we got the seabass and porterhouse, as they were the most expensive items available.  And as it turns out, they were both spectacular.  Perfectly cooked, amazing presentation and excellent service throughout.  The sides were mashed potatoes and chipotle mac & cheese, both really tasty.  The GM stopped by a couple times to check on us, and was quite cordial. All in all, it was a really nice meal, and much better than expected.  I had enough left of the porterhouse to make a perfect steak and eggs Sunday breakfast, so that's always a nice bonus.  As far as steakhouses in the area, this place is 2nd only to Durant's in my book - which says a lot.
5	Went here last Friday night with my hubby and used a Groupon. It was great! The Groupon was good for any appetizer, two entrees, and 2 drinks. I had assumed that they would allow us to choose from certain entrees and the drinks would have to be beer or wine but I was wrong. We could choose any entree we wanted to and the drinks could be anything as well! We we started off with the calamari for an appetizer. It wasn't that great. I've had much better many times. They tasted like they were from frozen and were overcooked. We didn't end up finishing them. The entrees were perfect however. I ordered the bacon wrapped filet mignon with blue cheese crumbles. It was perfectly cooked and tasted divine. It came with mashed potatoes and broccolini. Both were very good. Hubby had the ribeye and he said it was great as well. I was able to have 2 Long Islands as my free drinks and that made me happy. The highlight of the evening was after we were done eating we went out to the patio (Front Porch) and sat out on the couches and enjoyed the music and the great weather. This is a great addition to the restaurant and I will definitely be back to just relax on the patio and try the food they have there!
5	Ok I don't usually give out 5 stars out but i was looking for good steak casual attire and this is it. I had the New York steak mac n cheese and asparagus. My buddy had the 25 ounce prime rib blackened both cooked medium. Steak and prime rib came out and were both outstanding. service was awesome and the manager stopped by our table to see how our meal was. I would recommend this place and the  prices were right in line we made out with a 80 dollar tab including tip thanks for the meal !
4	Wooooo this was a pricey dinner, but it was worth it! I ordered a Cucumber Collins, with cucumber vodka, lemon juice and soda water and it was yummy! I wish I knew where to get cucumber vodka so I could make it myself at home. I received 50% off my appetizer with a Yelp Check-in (woohoo!)--we ordered the spinach artichoke dip. Wow, it was very different than any other spinach artichoke dip I've ever ordered! That's something I order very frequently everywhere because I just love it. Usually it's a cheesy and delicious gloop in a baking dish with sparse spinach and artichoke chunks. But the spinach and artichoke dip here was chock FULL of spinach and artichoke! It was a wonderful change! Don't get me wrong, I love my cheesy gloopy alternative versions, but I just thought that's how it was always prepared :P Monti's dip seemed to be a batch of fresh spinach sauteed with artichoke hearts with a little cream added to the mix. Wonderful! That was a great start to the meal. Oh, also the rosemary bread served in the beginning was so good and I had way too many pieces before even eating anything else. I ordered the 16oz prime rib rare with chipotle mac n cheese and a baked potato...wooooow. The rare prime rib was perfectly cooked, and the au jus served with it was delicious. *wipes drool from mouth* I had a little corner of the prime rib, most of my potato and most of the chipotle mac n cheese left at the end of the meal which made for a great extra meal! I definitely had way too much dip and bread before my meal lol...We will definitely be back whenever we have a steak craving and we're feeling a bit fancy!
4	I had gotten a living social deal back in July for this place and it was going to expire Monday so we went last night still celebrating the hubby's graduation.  Parking was a nightmare.  The hostesses were nice and smiled.  Rachel was our server, came by promptly, was able to give recommendations, and did a great job.We started with the spinach artichoke dip,  it was unconventional but tasted great and had a kick.  We also had gotten the blackened chilean sea bass, really good and not dry, and the porterhouse, good flavor but was one of the fattiest steaks I have had in a restaurant.  There was also roman bread and the kid and hubby both really liked it, but I couldn't eat it since it is made with rosemary.
1	Let's just say this place should be reviewed by the health department and local agencies regarding food labeling and sales. I ordered sea bass but I was actually served tilapia. Good to know they have no regard for selling what they claim to serve.
4	While the interior of this place is more dimly lit than I would like, I think that level of lighting coupled with the "old house" look adds to the relaxed atmosphere of this place. The food is good, the prices are fair for the quality, and the servers are friendly and efficient.
3	My office has been across the street from Monti's for years. In Monti's favor: Historic property (one of the first and original homesteads in Tempe). Roman bread w/ Rosemary. The new patio. The Bar is friendly. The Con's: the food. Menu is in great need of an update (for me at least) I fully acknowledge that some people love tried and true classics. . Solid meal, inexpensive pricing, huge portions. If that is what you love, then Monti's is a great place for you!
5	That rosemary bread...... basically the reason I go there. Everything I have had on the menu (mostly steak) was delicious. I could fill up on the bread though...its to good.The atmosphere is nice and there is a lot of cool history clippings and photos on the wall. The restaurant is located on Mill Ave and right across the street from Tempe Town lake which is a nice park to walk down after a romantic dinner. :)
3	This steakhouse was pretty decent. Everything was cooked to how we liked it but there just wasn't any wow factor. I felt it was a bit over priced for what we got while comparing to other steakhouses. Honestly, it really wasn't any better than Outback Steakhouse. Also our server just so happened to be the same server from IHop a few days earlier.The best part of our night was when Stephan Hawking came (after an ASU science convention he spoke at) in for dinner with some other scientists!!!! Now THAT was pretty damn cool!
4	Always a reliable and very pleasant place- Good service and the food was cooked perfectly. Reasonable prices for the quality and menu selection- Local Fave!
3	Very disappointing. We booked a table  for ten for 4:30 on a Friday night, a week earlier. We weren't seated because our server didn't arrive until 15 minutes later. Not a big deal, but they did have advance notice. We headed to the bar for happy hour. The wines were god awful. Wound up paying more for barely better stuff. When we got seated, we gave in our orders quickly because the group had a deadline to make. Our waitress, Brianda I think her name was, took the food and drink orders and off she went. I don't know where she went, but I hope she had a good time because we didn't see her for another 40 minutes. That's when the salads arrived. Bagged commercially prepared salad with just a hint of preservative. MMMM, yummy. Oh, as for the drinks, we wound up going back to the bar to get our own. Fabulous bartender, but if you get a drink from the bar, pay with plastic. If he has to count your change, you'll have to wait. An hour after our food  order went in, my friend and I walked toward the kitchen and asked some of the servers to please help extricate our food from the kitchen.  And so it was that it finally came out to the table....cold and dry.My overcooked cold and dry pork chops were served with salt and pepper but no evidence of the "soy brandy glaze" so I asked Brianda if she could bring out a side of it. Evidently the cook had no idea what I was talking about. She gave me about a tablespoons worth of pure honey. The two salmon orders at our table came out differently. One was very spicy, the other plain but both I'm told were good. The flat iron steaks were tasty but guess what? Cold and dry. Well. Monti's has been around since 1956.  So they must have been doing something right. But not on this night, not for our group anyway. We come into Tempe from Buckeye fairly often  but Monti's is not worth the hour and change drive.  Gotta cross this one off the list.
5	Whoo hoo! Free Appetizer for checking in!! AWESOME!! However! We REALLY Miss the fried Zucinni, and Mushrooms!! : ( New menu is pretty good! Service was AWESOME!! Again!! Go early!!
2	Three words: NOT WORTH IT.We went here with family friends after a recital at ASU (though just after the workday for us) to celebrate.  Finding a nice restaurant for a large group to eat at in Tempe that isn't filled with college students (who are inebriated) is difficult.  There are some, but cost always comes into play and so we ended up at Monti's.  The food was ... ok.  The bread was ok, my salad was ok, my meal was ok.  The service was terrible.  The waitress was incompetent.  I expected at an "institution" such as Monti's that I wouldn't have a waitress so incapable of taking simple instructions.  Or to know the very limited drinks list.  I mean, I ordered one of the only decent glasses of wine on their menu and she didn't know what I was saying.  It was ridiculous. Clearly I expected better out of a restaurant with such a reputation.  I will not be returning as there are far better restaurants in the valley and Tempe to dine at (and steakhouses).
5	We came here for a Christmas celebration lunch.  We made a reservation and it was nice they put us in a semi-private room so we can have conversations that everyone can still hear.  The service and food was fantastic!  Love it!!!
4	I have been here a couple times and have been meaning to Yelp it. The first time I came to Monti's was for a work function, it was a set menu: Appetizer's tried - Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Prime Rib Bites and Potato Skins. Entree options were either Spiced Bone-in Chicken Breast or Top Sirloin (I went with the Top Sirloin which was great, cooked perfectly.) The second time I came to Monti's was on a Living Social deal (2 drinks, 1 appetizer and 2 entree's.) For the appetizer I had to get the Prime Rib Bites as they were my favorite. For the entree I went with the Blackened Chilean Sea Bass and Bri went with the 24 oz. Porterhouse. Loved both! I would recommend giving this place a try, make sure to ask for the "tour" which gives you a little history of the building (pretty cool.)
2	I hate to write this because I'm a huge fan of Monti's... But we went for New Year's Eve dinner with another couple and it wasn't good.  They offered a Prix Fixe menu for NYE but we had to ask the waiter for it.  Ordered drinks and 2 appetizers (shrimp cocktail and chips/dip which were very good. This is where the wheels started to come off.  There was no bus service and the dishes piled up on the small table until the waiter cleared some, but not all.  Weird.  The Prime Rib, NY and Ribeye steaks were all cold and seriously undercooked.  Sent the Prime Rib and NY back and they were replaced properly cooked.  Side dishes were not served and had to be asked for.  The waiter seemed new. Not a good idea for a NYE dinner service!  To their credit, the waiter and manager both apologized and a $15 credit was added to the bill for the Prime Rib issue.  Total bill was $240 and we are used to that price for a nice dinner with wine... this was unfortunately an unpleasant experience and start to our NYE celebration.  Monti's, please get your act together!  btw, love the Front Porch bar area!
4	My dad takes me here to lunch all the time. It's very great atmosphere inside. And the French dips are one of my favorite sandwiches to get! Service is also above par. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend!
5	First time here and I really like the place.  It gets the fifth star because of ambiance and salmon.  Server paced the meal very well.A nice piece of history with interesting segmentation of dinning spaces.  Feels like several small restaurants in one building.  I ate at the bar area since I was dining alone and saw the Badger basketball game on TV.I used a 50% off appetizer via Yelp for blackened prime rib bites (reg. $11).  The portion was huge; perhaps a 10oz cut, so I picked the best pieces and was sorry to waste a bit.  I would call it a bit of a disappointment.  Pieces were not actually blackened, and thus more like well done prime.  Several excellent bites, and I enjoyed the horseradish sauce, but if wish I would have tried the meatballs.Salmon filet was excellent; cooked to perfection and on a great bed of spinach, cooked cucumber and delicately slender pieces of asparagus.  Only complaint would be that it was a bit oily at the bottom.  The included salad before was totally unnecessary, but very good.  Don't bother with the fancy French cheese dressing.  A little to thick, for my taste.
2	Ordered the ribeye with a baked potato and grilled vegetables.  Server didn't tell me that the grilled vegetables were just really salty broccoli.  Overheard another waiter saying there was also a zucchini/mushroom/onion side, which I would have preferred.  Baked potato was very small, and the lop of butter in it was essentially the size of the potato.The ribeye was cooked correctly but was thin, dry and tough.The total for just me for the meal including tip was $36.  You can do much better.
4	Fun, casual, decent food, good service....it's not Morton's or Flemings but it's good.  Great for a small group dinner - have fun, relax, have a decent meal and enjoy historical Tempe!Blackened Prime Rib appetizer is good!
4	I was with a group of women for a Birthday celebration. The majority had the Prime Rib which was said to be excellent. I had the Grilled Shrimp Salad which was very good and I would have it again.The waiter and the atmosphere was worthy of mention as well. We had a great time and would most definitely choose to come back for future events.
2	First time today. Prime rib was tough and over cooked. Best part of the meal was the bread. Over price for the quality of food they are serving. Atmosphere is ok. Like how the servers tell you the history of the building. Service was good.  I will not be coming back because of the food.
3	Service was a bit sub par however the brunch menu was solid.  If you are looking for a few good beers and/or a $10 carafe of bloody mary... head Monti's way.
5	Came in today during happy hour with my friends! Food was delicious i had a quesadilla and chicken wings would highly recommend this place. Service was good. Ill be coming back soon to have some STEAK!
2	My steak was great. Had the bone in New York and it was cooked to perfection. So why did I just give this place a 2 star rating? Because the service was terrible! I sat at the bar and when the bartender gave me my silverware he actually said "there ya go chief"...and this was after I had to flag down the barback in order to place my order.  Look, I "get it", this is a college town and you're going to have young people running the place but I wasn't even offered water. I had to flag down someone for EVERYTHING so my 2 star rating was not exactly for bad service but for lack of service.Get it together Monti's!
3	People still having a hard time locating and recognizing this place.  Your marketing/advertising folks missed the boat on not naming the bar "Hayden's". It's a no brainier folks!!!  "Tempe's Front Porch"... Are you kidding me?
1	Lived in the area for 6 years and been wanting to try Monti's.  Wish I haven't. Had the ribeye, asked for medium but brought rare which I'm ok with. I don't mind a rare steak. It was also fatty, chewy, and had no seasoning. My girlfriend asked for the double cut pork chop. The server brought out a short rib. I tasted it and told the server I don't think it's what she ordered. He said it's the same thing which perplexed me. 10 min later he came back and said he has it wrong. He finally brought out a pork chop when we were almost ready to go.  The pork chop was actually pretty good. The baked potato, mashed potatoes, and clam chowder were descent. The chipotle mac and cheese needed more cheese and the was too watery. The table next to us also had similar problems.  The server seemed nice but he couldn't get his act together.  The bar tender also got my drink incorrect. I don't mind paying good money for good food with good service but this place couldn't get anything right.
3	I had an early dinner here with a few co-workers. It's apparently one of the oldest buildings in the area, dating back to the late 1800's according to our server. From the looks of the place I believe him. The building was also used by WWII fighter pilots in training, and there are pictures on the wall to prove it. So the atmosphere is pretty cool. However, the food was not quite has hot. I got the flat iron stake, cooked medium... actually it was cooked closer to well done, with almost no pink. And as a result it was dry. The stake was served on potatoes mixed with bacon, onions, probably some other things. This was actually pretty good. Overall, however, the dish was pretty basic, with no Chef's artistic touch. So in summary, cool atmosphere but the food was lacking.
2	The restaurant is a giant maze where you feel like you are in olden days. Servers told us a history of Monti's and of the building. I liked the atmosphere but food is below average.I had ribeye steak. My medium rare request turned out to be plainly rare; meat was not very juicy and hard to chew. Also, I didn't like how the steak had excessively burnt crust.
1	I used to love this place maybe it's better for dinner. But lunch was not good. The food was not good. I got four onion rings with my meal the sandwich was bland the burger was slathered in a1 sauce. Last time we went was like this. I thought it was a fluke bad day. The server took 20 minutes to get our drink order we had to ask other people repeatedly for stuff. Just very disappointing all together.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Monti's for our one-year anniversary, and it was fantastic. It's not incredibly fancy or highly priced which was perfect for us as college students living on our own. We were looking for something that had a nice atmosphere and good food that would offer a great experience without breaking the bank. I believe the bill was around $75 for the two of us which was both of our dinners and about three drinks. Monti's is huge and we were seated in a room that had a fountain in it which was pretty cute and gave the room a nice vibe. We both agreed that we were impressed with both the service, the food, the decor, and the all around experience. It's no wonder this place has been around for such a long time (as matter of fact, my parents went to Monti's on their first date!). All in all it was a wonderful experience and we will be returning!
3	My father always took me here when I was younger  because he remembered long lunches here in the 70's while on business trips. I recently moved to Tempe for graduate school, and started serving as the "social chair" for our department. I took them here because they had fantastic happy hour specials, the food was good, and everyone liked it! The next time we returned, we were told they no longer had happy hour. What?!? We stayed anyway since that's where everyone knew to meet us, but with a group of poor graduate students at an expensive steakhouse, people barely ordered anything since it was all full price. I was very embarrassed, honestly, and it left a bad taste in my mouth for Monti's. Hopefully they've brought the specials back since then since its so dumb to get rid of them. Let's be real: their customer base is old and dying and few kids think to go to a historic steakhouse like this. You need to be catering to a younger audience!
1	It was so bad this is my first bad review I have ever wrote. Went with a party of about eight or more on a week night. Food was good but over priced for the quality. In my opinion Monti's and Texas Road House is about on par with quality. The reason why I'm giving a single star review is because of the service. Our waitress was slow but she wasn't horrible it was a busy night. I was not picking up the bill our friend was, but after paying the bill the waitress came up and made a huge scene over the tip. My friend tipped over 10%, witch yes he should of tipped a little more but at first I was thinking he must of left her pennies. My wife and her friend were waitress for over 10 years each. They were both speechless over her actions. But her hissy fit got her a 200$ tip on a 500$ bill.
5	the prime rib was absolutelt stunning and huge to boot, portions were very generous if you leave this place hungry you did something wrong, and the wait staff is top notch and attentive
4	This place doesn't have the best quality food in town, but they do a good job with less expensive items.  Not a ton of creativity in the menu, either, but the space is one of kind and a true Tempe institution. Service here tends to be hit and miss and never in all the times that i've been here has a manager come by our table to ask how things are going.
5	Delicious! Food was great! Steak was cooked to perfection, even the broccoli was yummy! Mac and cheese was great, service was wonderful and it was great to get the history if the restaurant.
4	Fun atmosphere and tasty steak. A place to take extended family when they come visit so they can see some of the area's history and leave with a full stomach.
5	The prime rib is out of this world, that and a Margarita and I'm in heaven.
3	Monti's - I haven't been here for almost 15 years and you really haven't changed that much. Service was very decent in the bar area and it was super crowded. Special thanks to Andrew for working so hard to get everything just right. We visited on a Wednesday and we all ordered the sirloin special. They came hot from the chef and good-sized portions too, properly seasoned. It certainly wasn't the best steak I've ever had, nor the worst. The sides on the other hand.... bread was warm but just okay and it came highly recommended. My baked potato was not cooked through and the inside was hard as a rock/underdone and inedible. The baby broccoli was good though and my friend's salad with the house dressing was very nice also. Good happy hour menu weeknights and like I said - the place is packed. I might try you again Monti's but then again I might wait another 15 years. We'll see.
2	One of the easiest restaurants on Mill Avenue to park since they have a HUGE lot.Arrived at around 4 PM on a Saturday and had to wait to be seated.Older/historic building is huge but not that nice.The service was the best part.  Our youngish male waiter was personable and just the right amount of service without being pushy.The bread was amazing.  I enjoyed the rosemary and thought it was the tastiest part of our meal.The rib eye steak I had was one of the worst steaks I have had.  The level of quality was less than I am used to.  Gotta say T-bones, Firebirds and even Texas Roadhouse are WAY better.  Even Longhorn is better.The broccolini was cooked strangely and I didn't enjoy it - lack of flavor and in between al dente and cooked enough.I would not go back.  If I wan't the area I will stick to their patio restaurant.  If I want steak I would go anywhere else.
5	Here is what I would order ..... The 11 oz prime rib medium rare, chipotle Mac n cheese, mushrooms on the side and the delicious bread.  Throw in a glass of the Montis blended redwine.  Definitely a tasty meal :-)
4	Good food, really cool, old restaurant. Had a history lesson from the waiter before ordering. Definitely recommend this place!
2	It is disappointing to write this... I don't do many reviews, something has to be great or really poor to warrant it. I grew up going to monti's when Leonard was still running things... And it was perfect... Always. Now things have changed. In our last 5 visits, (over about a year period), we have been consistently disappointed. Last night we went and they "were out of bread". It was 5:30pm, the dinner rush hadn't even started! Then when we ordered I was informed it is $1 to get a salad as a side... (I agreed but it seemed silly since I have done that for 25+ years). My steak was ordered rare and her's medium rare. Mine came out med well and hers medium+ (mine also came with mashed potatoes when I ordered baked). Our waitress was friendly, but they have stepped their prices up so much that they are competing with the big boys. At $30 for a steak, ($110 for dinner for 2 with a couple drinks), they are no where near the quality of others in that price range (Flemings, Ruth's cross et al). Gone are monti's glory days. Too bad too since we live less than 200m away.
1	This place was awful from the get go. We waited for over 5 minutes for a host to even come to the front of the restaurant and acknowledge us. Apparently when they did come to the front, they saw us in conversation (standing, by the front desk) and walked away again. They came back five minutes later. My party all hadn't arrived yet so we couldn't be seated. Although idk why not as the place was DEAD. My party increased two people and I went up to tell them. They said to increase it, it would mean pushing back reservations am hour and a half. Umm what? No one else is trying to eat at your restaurant! And it was 4PM. I stood there for a second and just said, "really?" She looked at her information and then three other people magically appeared and they all started talking about it, along with other tables or something, I couldn't work it out. After about two minutes I asked if we were good, and she said "oh yeah you're fine." Thanks for acknowledging that we were in a conversation?? I understand that my etiquette wasn't the best with a late party and then increasing the size by two, but seriously the customer service was awful because they were so inattentive. You'd think all of them got hired last week!! For the price I'm paying, I expect good service as well as good food! (Which didn't happen either.)We finally get seated in the weirdest spot, with a bunch of two-person tables shoved together in what seemed to be an area just bigger than a walk way, in front of a bunch of booths. You're telling me I made my reservations yesterday evening, your place is dead, and the best you could do was a bunch of little tables pushed together in a walkway? I think that even if I hadn't changed my party size, it just would have been one table smaller. I look at the menu and my menu is filthy with food in the corners! What is this, Chili's? Come on! I ordered the shrimp a la diabla, which I thought was a pasta with shrimp and mushrooms and potatoes and good stuff. No, it turns out its a weird dish that has everything that you would put in a pasta, but no pasta. NOT WORTH THE PRICE!! Also the shrimp tasted OLD and musky. Gross. The sauce was good, and tasted good with the potatoes and spinach in it. I know it's my fault for not reading the menu more carefully, but it's sandwiched in between two pasta dishes on the menu. Skip it, and get a steak instead for the price. My partner got the sirloin and said it was overcooked. The mashed potatoes were nothing special, and the chipotle macaroni and cheese also wasn't anything to write home about. Too bad, because this was supposed to be a special meal and it was either gross or bland, with the exception of the sauce on my dish. I couldn't hear a word the waiter said, even when we were trying to listen, he had no command over the table and the only good thing I have to say was that our drinks were always being refilled. Everything from start to finish at this place was awful, and now I'm not surprised when I see it empty all the time!! Monti's, listen! re-train your staff, lower your prices, and/or change your menu! Will NOT be returning.
2	This is one of the nicer restaurants on Mill Ave, despite the entire restaurant being a dark maze I almost got lost in. Went here recently for a "reception style" dinner for my friend's wedding. We had reservations and had a party of 14. Our server was certainly friendly, however I'm not sure was used to serving larger parties of people. Drinks took an awfully long time to arrive (I think 20ish minutes to wait for drinks is a little excessive). Granted, some of us ordered alcohol and I completely understand that the few that order cocktails may have to wait a little longer but they weren't really busy so I'm really not sure what was going on. The bread they brought out while we waited for food was quite good. We ordered the sampler appetizer that came with potato skins, onion rings, and some meat that my boyfriend ate and I can't recall what it was exactly (I realize that this isn't helpful), The food took a long time to arrive. Everyone appeared to enjoy their food. The sampler app we got was pretty good but likely not the level of spectacular of  actually ordering a meal. My main complaint is the slow service and confusion on the server's part. The manager got involved at some point and one of the older ladies in my party expressed disappointment with the potato skins being too spicy. I'm really not sure why a place would just pour hot sauce all over potato skins "just because the chef likes spicy food". I realize it says right on the menu that hot sauce and ranch come with the potato skins but under the sampler, it does not explicitly say this, causing confusion for the older lady. I had a Yelp check in deal (50% off appetizer) that I had a little trouble redeeming but thankfully cleared up quickly. I wouldn't recommend this place for large parties. Since I don't eat meat, I can't reasonably foresee returning but I'm sure this place is great if you're wanting a nice change of pace from the typical Mill Ave restaurants. I *do* enjoy Tempe's Front Porch, which is attached to Monti's and is a much more relaxed environment-great for cocktails and people watching.
3	The grilled southwest chicken breast sandwich was really good. I got the side of a baked potato. That on the other hand was not so great. The potato was cooked well but it was floating in butter. Not so great with that I had to soak up a napkin with the butter because it was gona soak up my bun. The waiter I think his name was John He was sweating whipping it off Infront of me obviously not professional  didn't refill my drink . Probably will come back but. Won't be my first choice. The environment is awesome except giving it a a country old rustic look doesn't mean not dusting the wood  ... Need to dust alittle more.
3	Very old restaurant with a lot of history in the Tempe area. Went here for an early dinner and the food was just meh... Service was great - warranting at least 3 stars, but the quality of food and price do not match up.
5	I'm from out of state and a friend knows how much I love steak. She took me here for dinner. I have to say this is the best steak that I have ever eaten. It was cooked just right, soft, sweet meat. I will defiantly be coming back.
4	I have to say that I'm genuinely impressed with this restaurant. I went here on a Wednesday evening and was seated in less than five minutes for a party of 2. I think the structure of the place can be confusing, but I found my way around eventually.We were seated in an area that is apparently closed during the summer, which means that it felt as if we were the only two people in the restaurant. Also, we sat in a circular booth that probably could fit 6-7 people, which was a bit unusual, but nothing to complain about. We got the chips, salsa, and guacamole to start. Everything had a nice flavor and the portion was pretty generous for two people. Not spectacular, but still yummy. There was complementary rosemary bread. With A LOT of rosemary. I love rosemary, but my friend happened to hate rosemary, so I ate most of the bread. Haha. I ordered the shrimp penne pasta, and he ordered the 11 oz prime rib with fries and Mac n cheese as sides. The penne was recommended by our waiter. He was right, the sauce was fantastic. It was the most delicious pasta dish I've ever had. My friend gave me a bite of his prime rib and it was juicy and tender. I would recommend this place for the awesome food, although the prices are pretty high. Our meal was around 60 bucks, which isn't too bad for a night out, but I'm sure there are places with the same quality food for less.
4	Monti's has one of the best steak dinners in town. The service is always excellent and we love the atmosphere there. Plus an open patio facing Tempe Beach Park. Their historic building is awesome. A true Mill landmark.
5	My family has been coming here for decades and I remember coming in as a little kid. Nowadays, my fiancee and I come in about once a month or so to treat ourselves.I think a lot of people think this place will be college-budget-friendly since it's right at the tail-end of Mill Avenue (from campus). However, it's a proper steakhouse that takes care of its food quality; of course it's going to cost more than $8 a head.That being said, the quality and portion size of the food at Monti's far exceeds the price of the plates. Just last night, I ordered an $18 plate that included an 8oz slice of their prime rib (one of their absolute best dishes and one of their best-known) that came with a side of smashed potatoes, a side of spaghetti with marinara, unlimited rosemary Roman bread, and au jus and horseradish sauce on the side. The prime rib is juicy, perfectly tender, has just the right amount of fat in it, and comes cooked to order (I usually get medium). The smashed potatoes are made in the only acceptable way by my standards: skins on and chunky. They were famous for their old meat sauce recipe with their spaghetti, but that evidently went by the wayside over the years. In its place, a new marinara sauce is served that tastes simple, but fresh and bright. Monti's Roman bread is a must-have, do-or-die classic. It's ALWAYS hot and fresh, onion-y, buttery, flaky, soft, and covered in rosemary. It comes with whipped butter on the side and the smell is tantalizing from the moment you walk into the restaurant. My fiancee ordered the sirloin steak with grilled (sauteed, maybe?) seasonal vegetables. This time around, it was squash and zucchini. She also got a good-sized baked potato with all the standard toppings. The steaks are grilled carefully and basted with butter to keep them moist and flavorful (from their menu). The sirloin has a tremendous amount of flavor and is cooked exactly to order. It's always juicy and hot.We got their pina colada strawberry margarita last night, too. It was okay, but it just tasted like mix. I'd like to see some real strawberries blended into it before I order it again. That would really brighten it up. I sometimes order a tall beer ($7). The price is pretty good for a steakhouse.Servers are always friendly and pretty knowledgeable and will go out of their way to fix any problems.I see some people complaining that they run out of food sometimes (with their bread or prime rib). I've never seen or even heard of them running out of bread before I read those reviews... Not sure what was wrong on those nights, but I've never seen it happen in all my years of going to Monti's. As for the prime rib, they only make a certain amount and, if it's a big night, they may run out (and they stop selling it at 9pm because it gets too old). I assume this is because, as any real steakhouse fan would know, prime rib is a pretty time-intensive slab of meat. It's not just some steak you throw on the grill for a bit. It needs to be cooked for hours to make it tender and let the fats break down.I also see people complaining about the layout of the restaurant itself. These people don't understand that Monti's was actually a real house at some point (La Casa Vieja = The Old House). Read some of the history in the lobby and waiting areas or on their website! It may be a bit unorthodox for a restaurant layout, but it gives the place character without the need to add tacky decorations and whatnot. I, for one, enjoy sitting in a different room each time I go. The "Fountain Room" has some great history behind it and is a unique space. Request it next time you go!Pros:- Everything I order is top-notch in quality and flavor. The kitchen clearly cares for their product.- Big portions; you won't leave hungry.- Roman bread. It deserves its own "pro".- They have M/T/W-night specials on their menu.- They have a deal where you get a $40 gift card and 2 Harkins movie passes for $49.00... While not an outstanding special, you can ask them for it when you are seated and have them use the gift card to pay for the meal in the same night. Then it's like getting a free movie pass if you were going anyways.- Unique layout with a ton of history and old (100+ years) photographs of the restaurant, surrounding areas of Tempe and the Salt River, and famous people who have eaten there. Take some time to look at the walls before/after you dine.- There's a large outdoor bar area facing Town Lake that gets going once ASU starts in the Fall and the temperatures start going down at night. I've seen them do karaoke and whatnot.- Friendly, young staff.- They have a private lot with reserved spots just for Monti's.Cons:- Somewhat confusing layout, but the servers will guide you anywhere if you just ask.- The blended margarita was a bit dull with sweetness, but even that was still alright.Recommendation: A great place to splurge a bit. Take some out-of-towners with you for local history and a great steak!
1	This place is so bad I don't even know where to start.  In fact I'm not going to because it's so bad it doesn't deserve a review.  Just don't go, it's a waste of time and money, and you'll regret if you do.
1	God forbid I ever come here and tell my mom, she worked there for about 10 or 15years loooooong ago with the original owner and loved it and once the owner died it was passed down to the son and my mom always tells me to stay away and their evil and don't do things nearly as great as the dad did at the restaurant lol.One day, I'll go and I'll update you guys and my mother who talks crap about montis everytime we drive by.
3	We are big fans of Monti's front porch but they only have that when its not scorching hot.  We decided to give the restaurant a chance since we have had quick glances at patron's dishes.  Decor makes you feel like you are in a old western movie.. it was ok.  We had the crabcakes, salmon pasta, and prime rib. Crabcakes- didn't feel like there was enough crabs in it, seemed to have more carrots and fillers than crab.. also kind of salty there is this vinegar tasting sauce on top that we did not like :( Salmon pasta- salmon cooked perfectly but the pasta however tasted like they put several handfuls of salt in it.  We did let them know and they remade the pasta for us, after it was remade it was perfect. Prime rib-  I got medium rare.. it was cooked perfectly however it is not as soft and tender as other prime ribs I have had, it was good still.  I got pasta as a side and it was also too salty and sour.  I think they have the potential to being a 4.5-5 star restaurant, less salt and maybe simpler dishes? I'm not sure.  We are still excited for the front porch to open back up.
4	Very nice restaurant. He layout is a little confusing, the food is very good. I have eaten here twice now and the prime rib is very good, I asked for a rare piece and it was actually rare.  I know it can be hard to cook a large roast and get a rare piece, it is usually medium rare.Be careful the patio is a different restaurant and the menus are different but, the outside bar has a better beer selection.
4	The ribeye I ordered was tender, juicy, and tasty. I prefer it cooked at medium. But the one I got was a little bit over cooked. The restaurant ambiance was cozy. Our server was attentive and accessible.
3	Went for a late lunch/early dinner with a friend.  Arrived about 2:15, and we were seated promptly.  I'm not sure how they decide where people sit, but unless it's a busy dinner it seems like you have to snake your way through the many rooms and are seated in the most awkward, remote part of the restaurant.I ordered the prime rib and my friend ordered the top sirloin.  The service in general was a bit slow, which I assume was due to the skeleton crew they had on between lunch and dinner.  About 15 minutes later, the server comes back and informs me the prime rib won't be ready to serve until 3:30 (it's now about 20 'til 3)  This wasn't a huge deal, but really - this is something you need to tell people about, or at least put a note on the menu, before they go ordering it.  I ended up getting a ribeye, which was decent, but disappointing compared to what I really wanted.Overall, nothing remarkable about this place.  I've been several times over the years and it seems like they are cutting corners, grasping at straws when it comes to new menu items, or something to keep the place alive.  The meal was okay, but definitely not the Monti's I remember.
5	I visited here while in town from Cleveland to see my brother and his fiancee. Geoff took care of us and he was very nice,  professional, & knowledgeable.  The prime rib, mashed potatoes,  and veggies is what I went with. It was excellent.  The steak was so tender. I had it with the creamy horseradish, and the au jous. Superb! I'm definitely coming back next time I visit the Valley.
5	We have been going to Monti's occasionally for 35 years or so, and have never been disappointed. Today the service was excellent, as was our lunch. I had the prime rib perfectly served medium rare with a baked potato, and companion had the mountain grilled chicken sandwich, served on Texas toast with  great French fries. If you have lived in the valley a long time and haven't tried this place, I encourage you to do so. Have a nice lunch and then go for a stroll on Mill.
5	Today I learned that Monti's is closing this month. I'm saddened to hear this. My family and I have been patrons of this place for 30+ years. Everything about this place will be missed!
1	We were so excited to eat a last meal here, before there closing. Called at 5:30 to make a reservation for 6:30. Never received a call back confirming. Arrived with my party at 6:30 to be told there would be no availability until 8. Came back at 8, seated by 8:45 to be told there was no bread. About 50% of the reason anyone goes here. The server tells us they were out for an hour and a half, well before we were seated. They then proceeded to forget two of our sides, one being my roquefort salad, the other 49% of why I go there, and my friends macaroni and cheese. These people have given up. Save your money, sanity, and preserved memory of what this place used to be, because these people murdered it, and sold it out.
5	Do you want some sad news? No one does.But, You have to hear it anyway. Monti's is closing down. Not just for a little remodel ,but for ever and ever!It is really a sad day today. We went to Monti's tonight to try to get one last experience here. But, there are no walk ins at all. It is strictly reservations. We tried to get reservations last week, they were full up until the closing date. Which will be Nov. 17 2014I really loved this place. But, it is all gone now. It was the oldest Business in the Valley,at least in Tempe. Thank you to the Monti Family for all your great years of great food. Boun Sierra
5	Sorry to say, that Monti's will soon be shutting it's doors once and for all. They are shutting down.The fantastic old building will stay as it is a historical site, but the restaurant will be no more. It is sad to see this Tempe Landmark go.We always loved it. They will shut the doors on Nov. 17 2014. I think they  are still doing catering through the end of the year so if you have a party that you want catered ,this is your last chance.Monti's La Case Vieja , we are sad to see you go!
5	Five stars belatedly awarded for years of history and great food. Sadly, November 17th is Monte's last day, a victim of "progress". I understand they're going to leave the oldest part of the structure in place and demolish the rest. A live auction of 80% of the contents will occur in early December, at least according to conversations we overheard.A word of warning. They are booked. No more reservations to be had and walking in will require a wait or be unsuccessful. Ignore the sign, put in your name and hope for the best.Another word of warning. They're having staffing issues in advance of closing. They've also had delivery issues, actually closing early as they've run out of food. An unfortunate end for an Arizona institution. Certainly the remaining employees deserve better. I can't imagine being the poor receptionist giving the bad news to customer after long time customer. We actually witnessed a failed attempt at a bribe/tip (seemed like a bribe) to get in.All that said, our server persevered and was rewarded this meal with a large tip. And our food was well worth the wait. Goodbye Monte's. Sad to see you go. You're irreplaceable.
5	My uncle had frequented Monti's on his trips to Arizona but I had never been. We decided to check it out on November 5th while we were in the area. I looked up Monti's on my phone and the first result was how it was going to be closing for good on November 17th! My uncle was shocked and said it was even more reason to go now.It was around 3:30pm so the place wasn't extremely packed yet with people making their final visits and fortunately the wait was not too long. They did tell us ahead of time that they ran out of their famous bread that everyone likes. My uncle was upset but I'd never had it before so how could I be mad? They then surprised us by bringing out some bread afterall as I guess they got one final shipment that arrived. And it was good. Our waitress was amazing even though she could have been easily stressed with all that was going on recently - not just running out of food but they've had various news media come by for interviews, etc.  I wish I remembered her name.I ordered the New York Steak and my uncle had the Ribeye. They were great. I had a baked potato and the chipotle mac and cheese on the side. After we left the restaurant, the parking lot was packed. We came and just the right time. I've read about the history with Monti's and it has been around a long time so I can only imagine how sad some Arizona residents are....apparently a whole new development project is in place and my guess is Monti's got an offer they just couldn't refuse as far as selling the space. They are completely booked up now, like people have said in other reviews - but I'm glad i got to experience it at least once.
5	We actually came to this place because of its reviews on yelp.. We were not disappointed.. Good food, friendly service and best of all good value..
2	Closed.... obviously put more effort into cashing in a prime real estate than improving the service and food.  Sad... very sad indeed.
4	I've been here a few times with work outings and have had great food and service. We last went here for our anniversary in October 2012. My hub and I laughed at all the odd stares the employees gave us as they walked by our table.. us two men with the white flower thing on the table. haha We both had their 24 oz porterhouse. What a massive steak!! Very tasty. When the news came of them closing their doors we tried to get one last meal here and of course they were booked solid and no walking ins accepted. Oh well. How sad the owner sold out his dad's restaurant and historic building for over 16 million dollars.
