5	I told my mom the buffet at Wynn was supposed to be fabulous (based on Yelp reviews) but she didn't want to wait in the line so we headed to the Terrace Pointe Cafe.  The menu is small but lovely, the food is presented in an artful fashion (my mother loved the caramelized sugar on her lime half), and the food was great.  I would certainly eat here again.
5	We eat here a lot when it's like 3 am and I want a belgian waffle or something like that. The service is always great and the food is really good. Don't expect 5 star, it's a cafe that's open 24 hours.
4	It does the job - when you need grub at 4 a.m., Terrace Pointe has enough food options to please most groups of people.  The portions are pretty large and the food is pretty good; definitely much better value than the buffet down the hall...
2	Enjoyed the beautiful weather sitting on the terrace at the Wynn but our service was horrendous.  "I'll be right back" translated into "I'll be back in 15 minutes".  Same as "your order will be right out" meaning "I have not even put your order into the kitchen yet."  It took 35 minutes to get our food after we ordered it and the food was not that impressive.  My omelette was subpar, the hashbrowns were inedible and the french toast tasted almost burnt.  However, the black angus burger was delicious and after tasting my husband's burger I knew I made a mistake in ordering.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry and sit outside if the weather is nice so that at least the atmosphere will make up for the crappy service and mediocre food.
5	Amazing food. Just a bit pricey just like everything else you find in Wynn. I ordered the cuban pressed sandwich and that was perfectly crusty on the outside and toasty warm on the inside with just enough mustard. SO ordered the oriental wrap and that was done superbly. I loved the house made chips that came along with my sandwich along with the fried plantains coated with sugar and cinnamon. My friend H ordered the pasta with shrimp. Sauce was a bit on the bland side and they were a little stingy with shrimp. A ordered a burger and it was a great burger. Overall, this was an awesome 24 hour cafe, the only set back is the high price tag. Great food and presentation. :)
3	Having been here twice, I could've sworn the food was better the first time around. We were in semi-health-kick mode (read: "want burger, let's balance it with a salad.") The mini Kobe burgers with caramelized onions drained us $15 for 3 -- great flavor though. Salads are huge and can easily feed 2 people, but are plus-minus in content: The flank steak salad was tasty but chintzy with the beef. They also used cheaper iceberg lettuce; c'mon this is the WYNN! There should've been some nice greens in the salad, I would've paid more $$ for that. The higher quality, dark leafy greens -- all 4 sprigs of 'em -- were sitting as optional toppings on the edge of our Kobe burger plate.Upsides: Beautiful, fresh decor; open 24 hours; great selection and presentations; the perfect example of upscale casual dining.Downsides: Above-average prices; tends to get crowded
4	If ever there was a peaceful public oasis in Vegas, the Wynn has it. Eating out at the Terrace Pointe Cafe was relaxing, except for my "bird" issue. Being terrified of birds, even the little ones, I had a little trouble relaxing. They are everywhere! I think this is the only place where I've seen wildlife, outside the tiger cages and the nightclubs. Kobe beef sliders were very yummy! Great service, pretty much like everywhere else in Vegas.
4	This review is not on the food.  Met the friends here one morning after partying all night and they were already into their breakfast.  The food looked of decent, properly executed casino cafe food but all i ordered was a cup of coffee then a bloody mary.  This place is spacious, relaxed and well lit by the sun, which is good since sometimes you tend to neglect the time of day in Vegas.  There's outdoor patio seating with lots of greenery or you can sit inside looking through a glass wall to the outdoors, either way your a winner.  Great place to chill and somewhat slow down the pace a bit, a bloody mary/mimosa type of place.  Plus the keno runners here are fast and efficient and our server shared some her local knowledge.  Good times.
5	The staff here was so friendly and the food was scrumptious.  I have sampled an array of the foods served here, including the kobe beef sliders, the french onion soup, the turkey burger, the chicken penne, and last but certainly not least, the chocolate banana french toast.  The latter was by far my favorite menu item, although they were all top notch.  The staff is helpful and the outdoor seating by the pool is relaxing, as the umbrellas sheild you from the sun as light mists of h2o spritz you from above.  It's to die for, I highly recommend TPC.
5	$100 lunch for 2...what the heck did we eat??I think the best thing about the whole lunch was my discovery of the blackberry mojito...yum-o.  Side comment, if you don't like Rachel Ray there is a funny article about her in today's SF Chronicle.The fish and chips were good, my steak was cooked well, the slider sample was delish and the tuna flavorful and the banana split was tasty.  Didn't order it but the crab dip looks so good.  And sitting on the terrace is nice if a bit too sunny but hey it's Vegas...oh don't sit on the terrace if you don't like the fact that your waitstaff is glistening.
4	Had a wonderful brunch here recently.  Sat facing the pool, basking in the warm sun and enjoying the good weather.  Enjoyed fluffy omelettes, strong coffee, perfect toast & jam, and a delicious chocolate banana french toast with raspberry filling.  Fast, friendly service and generous portions.  Just a perfect peaceful meal after 3 crazy days in Vegas.   Would definitely go back again.Tip: go early if you want to avoid a long wait.  We got there at 10:30am and got a table immediately....by the time we left at 12:00pm, there was a long line out the restaurant.
3	Not the best place to dine at the Wynn. Casual and comfortable atmosphere. Although I arrived there at 4am for a " night after drinking meal", I was a littler disappointed. All I ordered  were eggs and a Belgium waffle.    The eggs were horrible! They literally tasted like someone whipped up half-and-half and cooked it. However, the waffle was so amazing my friend ate 1/2... leaving me to send back the eggs and order another waffle... which she ate another 1/2 of! I've heard good things of this spot... just wish they knew how to make eggs!
4	Who knew a "pool view" terrace could be so lovely!!  That's just what you get if you choose to sit outside.  Damn that's nice pool.  That's mostly what I gazed at as I chomped on my Santa Fe Chicken Salad.  The inside looked really nice, too.  Darn classy for a cafe with plush chairs, but then again, I guess it is the Wynn.  The food was really good, and farly reasonable for the price.  The menu had a pretty nice variety from what I remember.
1	This is the ONLY poor performer in the Wynn.Every casino has a 24-hour restaurant where you should be able to get a reasonably priced plate of eggs at a odd time.The first time we came, they had at least half of their tables open but would not seat us. We left. We came back at 7am, and they took 30 minutes to make breakfast dishes when we were the only ones in the restaurant.I know the Wynn is known for it's fine dining so their corned beef hash should be the best I've ever tasted. And for $12, it really wasn't. Did someone put lemon juice in it?!
3	This is Wynn's 24 hour coffee shop.  I had breakfast there once, dreaming of The Perfect Pancake.  Well, they ain't at the Terrace Point Caf.  The four pancakes were huge - thick and large diameter.  Sadly the quality was only fair; they were heavy.  However, the link sausage was good: crispy, chewy skin, and juicy meat.  The bill: $20.I returned to the scene of the crime during another trip.  It was four in the morning, I hadn't had dinner yet (playing craps can do that to you), and I was hungry.  I settled for French Toast that was decent: four large, thick slices of eggy bread, fried until brown.  This still wouldn't be my first choice for a place to eat, but it will do in a pinch.
4	My favorite place for brunch in Vegas! Beautiful dining room and goregous outside patio on a nice day! Great service. Strong and tasty coffee. What more can you ask for when starting your day?The Banana Chocolate French Toast with Rasberries was amazing!! It was a great dessert after eating the Crab Frittata (huge chunks of real crab!) and Bacon Avocado Omelette.Everything was delcious!Skip the Bellinis...Macaroni Grill makes better ones.The Wynn Burger comes with lettuce, tomato and your selection of cheese. I got it with pepperjack it gave it a nice little kick. The burger comes on a nicely toasted seasame bun. They also give you mustard, ketchup, and mayo on the side so you can add what you want and however much you want. Excellent!  Also, the burger comes with a side of shoestring fries which are crispy and delicious!
5	Lobster Eggs Benedict.  BLT.  2am.  Peaceful.  Delicious.  Divine.  Never had a bad experience here.  Most favorite place to eat in LV.
2	You know, when I am dining at a 5 star hotel, forgive me... but I am expecting to be impressed and pampered.Not here.  This place was horrid.  Lets begin with the 2 airheaded hostesses who stood there for 5 minutes and talked to each other while we waited to be seated.  Ok, I understand that they've got a whole complicated system going of how to seat people, but they at least could have told us how long it was going to be rather than ignoring us.The real trouble began when we finally sat at our table.  10 minutes after we had decided what we were ordering and closed our menus to give the signal, I had to flag down one of the bussers to notify whoever our server was so we could order.   Well, he must have forgotton because it took another 5 for our waitress to come.  The restaurant was not busy at this time (3:30pm), mind you.  Yes, we hadn't even been greeted yet.  We didn't even have water.  Again people: a FIVE star hotel we're talking about here.After ordering, we had to ask for bread 3 times...we had to send one soup back because it was the wrong one...just to send the correct soup back because it tasted so poor...they forgot my friends mojito...and I had to get up and walk to another table to steal some extra silverware because I couldn't flag down anyone who worked there.  Our busser, John, was the only one who seemed to have it together, but he was really busy holding the place down since everyone else wasn't helping.In the end, we actually asked John if he could send a manager over so we could complain because our experience was so bad, and she ended up comping the entire meal after hearing about all of the inconsistencies and disappointments.  I would feel guilty about this at an independent restaurant, but c'mon.  This is the WYNN we're talking about!  They should have every aspect of the way they run their ANYTHING down to an art by now.  No excuse.  And, this was a TREND at the Wynn.  Very disappointed with the Wynn's service...not just here but also at Okada and Red as well.  Even the convenience store's service was whack!The only reason I am giving 2 stars is because that bloody mary came in clutch, and my french fries were good.
4	The best 24-hour cafe in a vegas casino on the strip. The food is pretty awesome, decently priced, and the setting is what you expect from the Wynn.The food here is breakfast and lunch fare. I really like the Tandoori chicken wrap and the greek salad. They pull both of those off very well. Every friend I bring here ends up leaving satisfied with the food. None of it is mind-blowing, but its solid, reliable, quasi-gourmet. But the best thing about this place is that YOU (yes...YOU!) can afford to eat at the Wynn! ...if you eat here. Granted, everything is about $3 over-priced, but you pay for the surroundings, which are Wynn-tastic.If you sit indoors, you sit on faux-french chairs or couches, surrounded by fancy colored drapes and lighting which are familiar to the entire interior of the casino. But the real winner here is if you can eat outside on the patio. There, you sit directly beneath (and in the shade provided by)  the behemoth Wynn tower overlooking the pool area. And at the Wynn, the pool area is really worth seeing (even if you can't stay there). The table umbrellas even have misters on the corners to keep you cool when it's 108 degrees outside.
3	The food tasted pretty good. We went for lunch. I had chicken noodle soup with a matzo ball. For my main course, I had a BLT. There was a ton of bacon. The service was not that great. The food also took a long time to come out as well. Anyway, we really want to go to the Wynn buffet. The line up was over an hour long and we had to go.
3	This place is my favorite 24 hour casino cafe.  It has a lot more than just the standard diner dishes everyone else has.  Nice atmosphere and Wynn has the best casino mojitos I've tried.10/10/07:  I am really bummed they now only do a limited menu after midnight.  I am moving my rating down a star.
3	Went to the Wynn for a quick lunch last week and ended up at the Terrace Pointe Cafe.  We sat at a table near the windows, as there weren't any outside tables available.  Our server was very nice, as was the back server.  The soup of the day was asparagus and prosciutto.  The bowl was huge and the soup was delicious, but extremely filling.  For my entree I had the chicken club sandwich.  It was delicious.   I can't remember what the cheese was, but it was fantastic.  Overall it was waaaay too much food and nothing was spectacular.  THere are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, I would not go out of my way to dine here.
3	My girlfriend and I ate lunch here before going to the airport to catch our flight back home and reality.  It was nice.  The decor, the surroundings...comfy.  We had the brushetta which was yummy and I followed it with the french onion soup.  I did remove the mounds of cheese and ate the hearty soup.  I love soup, but did leave some behind.  I felt it was too salty.  Feeling that everything had "meat products" in it, i just ordered the battered zucchini.  it was good, but too battery.  I ended up peeling off some of the batter, to reveal a very thin zucchini.  I didn't finish that either.  We had dessert, and when the bill came, it was over $100.00.  For lunch!!  But I guess it was expected because nothing at the Wynn is cheap.  None the less, It was a nice lunch with a girlfriend.
3	I must say - really nice atmosphere for this place being open 24 hours. :) The late night menu was ok - I had a turkey club, hubby had a burger...I should have went with the burger. The club was ok... I've had better.The service was pretty good, though. 4 stars for that... :)
4	I go here at least twice every time I stay at The Wynn, and it doesn't disappoint. In two separate occasions this time, I had the bacon lover's BLT (the bread is a cheese/bacon loaf) which was great (I do enjoy a good piece of bacon). It comes with freshly made potato chips, too, which are a particular weakness of mine.The second time, we ate around 11:00 PM after a horrible experience at Nobu, and were hoping to redeem the night. Although the crme brle stops being served at 10:00 PM, our waiter was empathetic and was able to get two of them made after hours.The crust was crisp, the custard was velvety, the dessert, overall, was a great way to end the night.
5	Been here once with friends--I ordered the Beverly Hills salad and was pleasantly surprised.  So damn good I still have cravings.  The vegetables and dressing were just right.  No complaints here, and neither were there for anyone at my table.  The view of the pool area was nice and the wait was about 10 minutes for brunch/lunch.
3	This is a casual dining space in the Wynn Las Vegas Hotel. We were given breakfast credit during our stay so we ate here every morning over the week. Decent food, with a couple of unique items. Portions are generous. Service is very good to so-so. The room sits over the pool area and has a very plush, opulent feel. It's a big step up from Denny's but not really of the caliber of food that's served throughout the rest of the hotel. If they're going to charge $13 for ham and eggs, a little extra punch in the presentation would be nice.
4	My coworker and I stopped by for a quick lunch in between some meetings at CES. We came at 11:05 and I noticed that breakfast ended at 11:00, so I was disappointed that I missed my chance at a Belgian waffle. However, when ordering I asked the waiter if it was still possible to order breakfast food and she said not at all a problem! As a result, I satiated my hunger with a delicious Belgian waffle w/ fresh strawberries and homemade whipped cream, dusted lightly with powdered sugar. Service was courteous and prompt. Plus, it's in the Wynn!
5	This place has the best Pancakes in Las Vegas....hands down. This is the 24 cafe of the Wynn, but the food is top notch for casual dining. I would highly recommend the pancakes and the club sandwich. Another plus....you can get breakfast 24 hours. The decor is amazing and although there is often a line, it moves quickly.
4	One of the nice casual dining places at Wynn Hotel.Breakfast and lunch selections were all very good. There can be a pretty long line especially if there is a convention going on, but the staff move quickly to accommodate.They are open 24 hours which is nice. Like everything in Wynn, the decor is outstanding. If it is a nice day, ask to be seated outside -- it has a great view of the pool area!
3	Nice presentation and great service, but the food was nothing special. I did really enjoy their prime rib wrap, but the fries that came with it was not fresh. This restaurant is 24 hours so it's a much better choice than the over-glorified diners in Vegas, plus the menu has much more to offer. If I were hungry at 2am in the morning and was looking to spend a little extra for something along the strip, I'd most likely come here.JONASAPPROVED!
3	I walked in and wanted to walk right out.  I mean, if I wanted to eat at a Coco's-type place, I should just go to Coco's rather than its overpriced decor twin at the Wynn.  But M. had praised the homemade blue cheese potato chips so much I decided to give it a chance...And I'm really glad I did!  Very reasonable prices (for the Wynn) and really tasty comfort food.  We shared the chips (we could each have wolfed down our own platter, but we're delicate ladies...plus we wanted to save tummy room for alcohol), and I had the lamb pita while the other girls savored grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup.All the entrees were fantastic.  As much as I loved the tenderness of my lamb pita, the grilled cheese were triangle-shaped pillows of cheddar glory.  I wanted some the next morning...and the night after...and right now.Oh, and why only three stars?  Not a big fan of the molasses-like and barely polite service.  And seriously, it's the Wynn -- they can afford to jazz up the decor.
4	Best. Chips. Ever.I was fortunate enough to stay at the Wynn for a conference, but didn't want to blow my $50-a-day per diem on some ridiculously chichi celebrity chef restaurant. Luckily, I found the Terrace Pointe my first night there.It was late and I didn't want a whole meal so I ordered the potato chips. Yes, potato chips. But these are Wynn-style chips. Meaning, home made, covered with truffle oil and blue cheese. So wrong, and yet so right!Some friends joined me the next night and I found myself craving those damn chips and talking them into going there for dinner (truly, if you're staying at the Wynn, why go anywhere outside of it?!). We split the chips and everyone else found them just as heavenly. I and two others in our party went for the grilled cheese and tomato soup. Yes, grilled cheese and tomato soup. This is one of my all-time favorite meals and to find an upscale version thrilled me. The soup was tasty, but the sandwich a little dry -- though dunking it in the soup remedied that little problem.This is definitely a good place to go for a relatively reasonably-priced meal in the Wynn. It also has a wide variety of items on the menu, so it's a good crowd-pleaser.
3	Very good food considering it's a 24-hour cafe.  I've had both breakfast and lunch here! The cafe is nicely decorated and eating on a couch enhanced my dining experience.  I was not so thrilled with the hash browns (they reminded me of cafeteria hash browns).  The menu has much to offer and the kobe beef sliders are very good!!!  I also forgot to mention that the waffle we had was perfectly made.I would give it 3.5 stars!!!
5	I went here for dinner for the first time last night and I really liked this place! It's located at the wynn, but the prices are pretty reasonable. The service was excellent too! The service and decor makes you feel like you're in a fine dining setting even though its a cafe! =P The servers were very attentive and friendly and the food came out in good time. The blue cheese potato chips are so tasty...its drizzled w/ truffle oil but they put just the right amount so its not overbearing. Since I ordered the BLT it came w/ chips or fries, but since we already had some blue cheese potato chips I opted for some cole slaw. My sis had the tuna nicoise salad and there was a substantial amount of ahi which was great b/c most places are pretty shiesty w/ that!! My madre had the steak wrap and my cousin had the mushroom swiss burger. Everyone was pretty satisfied w/ their orders and the portions are nice and filling! Ooh I also had a bellini..the combination of the peach and champagne is so delicious!
5	Had breakfast here and it was absolutely delicious.  What a way to kick start the day.  A fabulous setting that gets even better if you choose to sit outside on the patio next to one of the pools.  It may be called a cafe, but it feels a lot more "finer" than that.  The service is top notch, and nothing you'd come to except from your 'around the corner' cafe.  Prices were very reasonable for what you got.  My omelet w/ the works was cooked perfectly and not only had a firm texture to it, but creamy as well.  Their home-potatoes were evenly cooked (no hard raw spots) and had a nice crisp bite to it.  I had some of my parties pancakes, french toast, and waffles as well.  Nothing really stood out w/ the basic fair, but they were just as good as some top notch breakfast joints back home (although the pancakes weren't as big as say...Stacks).A wonderful venue that to my surprise was open 24/7!!!  Great food anytime in one of the finer resorts on the strip.  You really can't beat that.
4	The Terrace Pointe Cafe is always a great place for breakfast or lunch at the Wynn.  The service is usually fast and if it's not too busy, you can dine at a table outside by the pool.  Their sliders are tasty, as are the salads, sandwiches (Hawaiian chicken and club are good).
5	Probably the best meal I had during my drunken Memorial Weekend. We wanted to eat at their Buffet, but the line was 1.5hrs long and our flight was sooner.... but we weren't disappointed!Wait was ok for Sunday Brunch. Their prime rib wrap was deeeelicious. Their free bread, also a good filler for you hungover drunks. Their homestyle chicken soup looked very hearty too. Service was attentive, kept my water filled.
4	Terrace Pointe Cafe is one of the better 24-hour hotel cafes on the Strip - to me the food has always been a notch above what's available at other hotels. I took away one star for service - depending on when you go the line can be long ever if there appears to be a number of tables open, and the wait for the food can be rather lengthy. A lot of people seem to stop here for one last meal before dashing off to the airport (not recommended) - and I've often seen people hurrying through meals and jumping up to try to chase down a server so they can get off to the taxi line.  I've also seen some rather tense exchanges between servers and customers over how long the process was taking.Still, if you have the time this is a great place to eat - especially outside on the patio or if you go later at night when the crowds have thinned out. The line is almost always shorter than the Wynn Buffet line.
5	Best pancakes I have ever had!!!!
4	This is a really great place to stumble downstairs to after a long night of getting completely wasted and waking up with a killer hangover. You get to sink into a big cushy chair on a patio overlooking the pool and all the hot babes sunbathing. Big table umbrellas spray mist all over you because it's over 100 degrees out. The food itself is aiight, not amazing but good for sure. I highly recommend the fries! they're allllmost as good as the fries at the 24/7 cafe in the Palms... Get ranch dressing fo' dem fries! Jeah!Oh and their coffee is seriously good.
4	GET THE KOBE SLIDERS. They are so amazing. I crave them all the time. I've never had better ones then here. They come with a BBQ dipping sauce too. MMMM.The wait is ridiculous for this place the weekend for lunch though. Don't even try to sit outside. It looks so pretty out there though. There is a pool and some fountains to look at. There is a full bar also which is good, but what doesn't have a full bar in vegas? I've also had the cobb salad, which was GIANT (You could totally share this with 3 people), the chili (so good), Turkey club (good), and a cheese burger(GIANT and yummy). The prices are high, but you get good quality food so I don't mind paying for it!
4	This place is open 24hrs which is always good.  My favorite here is the cobb salad.  It is huge and everything on it is always fresh!!!!  We have always been seated right away and the service has been great.  It is a nice place to retreat to if you are up for something casual.  They have a patio which over looks the pool area and is great to sit at.
3	Came for breakfast the day we were to leave Vegas. A cute restaurant in an old english parlor sort of way. It seemed like the perfect place for a tea party while you discuss books or classical music. On to the food.Mushroom Burger: nothing to brag about. It was a 1/4 lb of angus beef on  onion foccacia bread, with jack cheese, mushrooms and the usual dressing. The burger was very tall so it was a little difficult to get a full bite.Fries: These were so good. Thinly sliced and crunchy, a perfect side to a burger.Lobster & Eggs Benedict: A little unconventional for breakfast, but it was so good. I had a bit of plate envy after sampling my cousins food. A unique combo of lobster, egg and hollandaise. Get this if you're there for breakfastOrange Juice: Tasted like chilled minute maid and they charged 3.50! Ridiculous, they lose a start for ridiculous prices.
3	Unlike a lot of Vegas resorts' 24 hour option, this Cafe is bright, sunny and offers a broad selection of mainly American dishes. My stack of blueberry pancakes arrived with the server smiling--the stack was about five inches thick. I passed about 1/3 of the stack to my companion who, fortunately, was hungry even after his own bacon-egg-hash brown-toast plate. I also had a plate of bacon - quality.Room service prices at the Wynn are pretty insane so on another day of my stay, I had lunch at the Terrace Point Cafe solo. The quantity options were pretty overwhelming so I ended up over-ordering. For an appetizer, I had pork pot stickers which I greatly enjoyed. My main was tomato bisque with "mini" grilled cheese. There was nothing mini about it though--instead the chef had cut a tradiitional sandwich into quarters. Tasty if not groundbreaking.
4	Ate lunch here on a late Sunday morning.  We opted for waiting the 5 minutes to miss the breakfast menu (ends at 11am) and get the lunch menu once I saw the kobe beef sliders on the lunch menu :-) My husband and I were trying to "keep it  light" after gorging at Del Frisco's Steak House for dinner the night before.  Riiight...so we just ordered some apps and split them.    We had the kobe beef sliders - which were amazing.  I think I could eat 3 orders myself.  Then the coconut shrimp and the asian chicken lettuce wraps (nothing like at PF Chang's or Chinoix but good.)They also had Bellinis on the menu which instantly makes the place a favorite as they made them right (unlike most places) - almost to Cipriani perfection. Service was great.  The waiter was always there when needed but not obtrusive.This is a great place to walk up to after lounging in the sun by the pool.  Cost is..well...its The Wynn so deal with it.
1	The Wynn, just fell short in EVERY aspect...Terrace Pointe Cafe included. I would write a review of this place, but Genevieve M said exactly what I would. I'm surprised you gave it 2 stars Vievehttp://www.yelp.com/biz/terrace-pointe-cafe-las-vegas#hrid:9wc5ZBwtYrlo44xHT6Fejw
2	I should preface my review by saying that my breakfast here came after waking up still drunk from the night before.  Rather than pile on the gluttony at the very nice buffet, I wanted something simple and easy, so I picked the Terrace Pointe Cafe.  The service there was nice, friendly and congenial and they were good at everything but serving the food.I had the eggs benedict.  The dish was unremarkable.  The sauce was fine, the poached eggs were just alright, the muffin was burnt.  The potatoes seemed like they were designed by a chef trying hard to deliver something nice, but again they were unremarkable.  I would rank the good ol' Grand Slam breakfast on a par with what I got at the Terrace Pointe and if you're in the Wynn Hotel, that ain't good enough.
3	Terrace Point Cafe inside the Wynn HotelFirst of all what a fabulicious luxurious hotel!  Steve Wynn got the classy swank pimping down- even the air smells better at the Wynn!Ok back to the review for Terrace Point Cafe...I gave it a 3 star but it's not really that bad it's like a 3.75 star worthy.   I just had reasons that I couldn't give it a 4 or 5...here's why:The decor inside the cafe is like opulence on opium....like a dreamy tea party with bright colors and beautiful shapes.  The booths are like sitting on clouds and the view of the outdoor is soothing.The waitress Nancy was "super" nice.  I quote "super" because she was extremely overly glare-in-your-face friendly which bit us in the ass (explain later).Ordered:  French Onion Soup (cheesy and yummy you can't go wrong with cheese, bread and onions).Chicken Quesadillas with sour cream, salsa and guacamole...it was tasty and fulfilling (you get 5 large slices).  I asked for hot sauce and they brought me Tabasco when I really wanted Tapatio but of course the Wynn wouldn't carry such brand *BoOooo*They have KILLER FRENCH FRIES here!  Crispy thin seasoned fries that is crunchy good!  Interesting that it was the FRIES that impressed me out of everything.Stay Away From:  Prime Rib Cheesesteak Sandwich with mushrooms and onions...NASTY DRY BLAND disappointment!  The meat tasted like they washed away all the seasoning with water.  It was sad.  I was a sad sad girl.  How do you mess up such an easy dish!  That's not the worst part.  Our waitress came to our table afterwards and asked if we wanted a to-go box which we politely declined.  She then asked innocently, "Are you sure?  You have a 1/2 a sandwich left!  Didn't you enjoy your meal?"  We told her that the sandwich was dry and bland and asked if they usually serve it with au ju sauce...Do you know what she said?!?!"Oh yea...out of all the dishes we have that is like the worst dish to get.  I had it before and it was dry and not good.  I wouldn't recommend it."First reaction:  What the hell!?  Why didn't she tell us that when we ordered it!?!?  I think being nice is cool but be honest with your customer!  She basically rubbed it in our faces and at a classy place such as the Wynn Cafe it would've been great to have the sandwich either re-made or taken off the bill...that would've bought my review to a 4 star (lol).Second reaction:  WOw...so this wasn't just a bad day for the Philly sandwich but it's ALWAYS this bland!  Even the staff recognized it as a BAD SANDWICH!  I expected more from the Wynn.  The chef should be alerted immediately and he/she should either pull it off the menu or season that bitch!*sigh*I'm sorry but I hate it when good restaurants serve bad food...If you want a burger or appetizers go here for a leisurely meal but the total bill comes out to almost the same price for the Wynn Buffet so if you want to experience a good meal at the Wynn hit up the buffet instead!Check my Wynn Buffet review.
3	The bossman recommended their kobe beef sliders, so of course, after walking from our room at the Palazzo all the way to MGM the plan was to swing around the other side of the strip and end up at Wynn for a fabulous quick dinner before our 7 PM Phantom showing at the Venetian.However, we got caught in a freak thunder storm while at the Monte Carlo, and being cheapasses, we tried to wait out the storm by gambling (heh heh).  But being constantly hungry, my tummy couldn't take the abuse anymore (and I couldn't bear the thought of walking 2 miles in the rain without an umbrella) we finally waved down a cab and made our way to the Wynn.I got the turkey burger, and our stint at BOA made my friend crazy about truffle oil chips, so he got their bleu cheese ones.  He also ordered the kobe beef sliders as his meal (he drank his fill at the various blackjack tables we visited while casino hopping hehe).Bleu cheese truffle chips: Pretty good, but not as good as BOA.  The bleu cheese wasn't as pungent and salty as the kinds that go in my salads, so that was a good thing.  Some of the chips were also soft. . .bad.Turkey burger: The spices in the turkey patty were a little strange. . .I wasn't a big fan of it. But the sauteed mushrooms and cheese and the toasted buttery cheesy topped bread was damn fine. The fries were also thinly cut, crispy and very good.  Kobe beef sliders:  Not nearly enough meat and all bread!!!  The bread was very tasty though, and the caramelized onions added a hint of sweetness to the mini burgers.  The bbq dipping sauce for it was awesome. . .my bf dipped his fries in it, and I just dunked my entire slider in it hehe.Yum, pretty good, it filled us up pretty well.  The portions are gigantic here!
2	The Wynn is super nice. The carpets are ugly, but everything is else is amazing. That's why the Terrace Pointe Cafe gets two stars. Because it was just okay. Sitting outside was a mistake. The pool view is beautiful, but the glare isn't. I had a grilled vegetable pita thing. It wasn't super good, and eating in the heat isn't enjoyable if the food isn't hella good. Oh wells.
3	Almost every hotel in Las Vegas has some sort of cafe option to their never-ending buffets.  Wynn, even in all it's glory and splendor, is no exception.  Terrace Pointe Cafe, just a few steps beyond the Buffet offers a good variety of breakfast, lunch and dinner entrees and sits quite comfortably in that lonely, yet elusive space between Wynn's numerous high-end fine dining choices and their buffet.For the most part, the menu contains standard cafe items with a Wynn flare, i.e. the decadent lobster benedicts and kobe beef sliders.  I thoroughly enjoyed my spaghetti bolognase at 11:00am on a Sunday morning, so I give them props for that.  Bottomline: this cafe has a friendly, very attentive staff and the food is comprable to the cafes you'll find at Bellagio, Paris or Venetian hotels.
5	this place was such a nice way to kick off the day at the Wynn.  Perfect service and great ambiance.  Our server was really nice and not snobby to us at all even though we each only ordered a salad and water...we wanted a fresh start to our day.  my friend and i had the best salad in a long time.  it had the best mushrooms i ever had in my life...im not kidding.we sat inside but we could tell there was a good view of the hotel pool below.  when we go back to Vegas we are for sure hitting this place up again before we head down to the slots for free drinks :)
2	Went late night, got 4 dollar coffee, 8 dollar carrot cake, and other outrageously priced and not very good food.  I wouldn't go back.  2 stars for being open late and for really nice service.
3	Came here to eat before heading over to Fashion Show Mall.  It took a while to get our drinks ordered but the view of their poolside was nice...especially the interesting/pleasing eye candy.  I had a Caesar salad with chicken for $14 and an iced tea.  They only served breakfast until 11am but they made an exception for us but gave us a warning to let us know that there was nobody working that station in the afternoon when we went.  I liked how our server told us that to give us fair warning in advance.This cafe didn't disappoint or impress as the prices were a bit inflated probably because we were at the Wynn and had the poolside view.  But our food wasn't terrible so I couldn't complain and may dine there again if I needed a poolside table view.
4	There were 5 of us for lunch...All got something tasty.  Lunch: Club sandwich, chicken salad sandwich, kobe sliders, filet mignon; Dessert: carrot cake, chocolate cake, mousse...Would have a 5 star if there weren't a bug in one of the sodas...Came back here at 1:30am the next day - buttermilk pancakes, ick.  French toast, yum.  Funny servers that made up for the bad pancackes.  Overall 4 stars.
3	We came here a couple of times during our stay and I think it's a solid choice if you don't want to drop the cash for a fancy place like Daniel Boulud. Still a bit expensive, like everything at the Wynn, but we enjoyed everything we ate, the portions were large, and it's open 24 hours. Food (4 stars):I was a bit leery of the Teriyaki chicken sandwich--I mean don't all those "teriyaki" sandwiches taste pretty much the same? But this one was good! The chicken was tender, the sauce wasn't sickly sweet or overpowering, and the bun was hearty. It was a good sandwich. I usually only eat half a sandwich when they are big, but it was so good I couldn't stop eating it. And it came with onion rings. Yea!Other things we tried: Spaghetti bolognese with garlic bread was really heavy on the meat but tasty. Salad (mixed greens or something simple like that) came with a flavorful vinaigrette. Grilled veggie pita with couscous was really good. Manhattan clam chowder was pretty good but a little salty. A cup was just enough. And the coffee was good.Service (1 star):I just have to say that the service we experienced in Las Vegas was pretty much across the board bad (or on the bad side of the spectrum). I thought Las Vegas was supposed to be a service-oriented town, but it's the worst service I've ever experienced. And I'm a pretty patient and undemanding person when it comes to service. The times we went to the Terrace Pointe Cafe, service was slooow (even when not busy; slooooower when it was), the waiters would disappear after serving your food and you couldn't even spy one across the room to wave them down for a bit of ketchup or your bill. Personality-wise the waiters we got were courteous but either overworked/indifferent or somewhat snooty.My advice: 1) Be prepared in advance for anything you might possibly need for your meal and ask for it all at once. 2) Keep an eye out for your waiter and when you are close to 3/4 done with your meal, flag him down for your check and any take-home boxes you might need even if you plan to stay a bit longer over dessert and coffee. Laugh now, thank me later...
5	You haven't lived until you had the Lobster Benedict with a few glasses of bubbly at 3 am.Have dined here four or five times, and have never been dissapointed.Not cheap for casual fare, but worth the price.
4	He's so country he thinks a 7 course meal is a possum and a 6 pack.The last time I trotted into Vegas, I was thinking, it's mighty Chilly out, awww, it's a good time for some Chili, I seriously thought that, ya'll. I wants to play ware the oil tycoons stay. The Wynn.  Gawd, the chili at the Wynn Cafe gets me all giddy yuppin from the start, I starts tawking with a lone star drawl, imaginin' if I were in Texas, this is what great stankin' chili might be like. Not crumbled burrger meat but real chunks of texas beef with all the right spice. This tender steak chili comes with onions, shredded cheese and creamy sour cream, yee haw, I'm a strike the iron while it's hot and go shoot me some dice.  Boy, she's got short arms and deep pockets. Excuse me, I jus' fawded.
5	Best 24-hour place to eat in Vegas, right after Raffles Cafe at Mandalay Bay.  The food is delicious!  Sigh, I'm only sad that I live in California, otherwise I'd probably eat here everyday.  Wow, I'd get so fat...
2	I was staying at the Palazzo and saw that the Wynn was just a hop, skip, and a jump away, so we all decided to go over there for lunch.  The service was terrible, and I swear it took 45 minutes to an hour to get our food.  We didn't order anything fancy, a couple burgers and a chicken sandwich.  I noticed that it seemed like everyone around us was waiting around for food.  I don't understand what took so long.  Did they have to go find the cow, and make my burger?  The place looked nice, but I hardly ever saw our server, and it was way too slow.  The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was because the food was pretty good once we got it, but it's not worth it if the service is terrible.
4	That buffet line was way to long for us hungover drunkards! I've been partying till about 5 am in the morning, and my friends had the smartest idea to wake up at 11am to go get brunch... ugh it sounded like a really bad idea, but i'm glad i went. We found the Terrace point cafe! It was delicious, too bad they cut off breakfast already! SHOOTS!!!! We ordered the Kobe Beef Sliders... Juicy, flavorful, and delicious! Fried Risotto Sticks... i believe they were that.. haha it's been to long. Tasted just like Fried Cheese sticks, but a lot fanciers haha! Everything was great, the filet mignon, the shrimp scampi pasta, the salad! YUM YUM YUM! I WANT IT ALL! Service was a bit slow, and the hostess didn't know what the special of the day was... well I'm pretty sure that's not her job to know, but i would think everyone should know what the special of the day is. =)
5	I have eaten at some of the finest, fanciest restaurants in Las Vegas, and to be honest, I look forward to the Terrace Point Cafe more than any of them.  When we stayed at the Wynn, I probably ate there 4 times over the course of a 4 day trip!  Most 24 hour restaurants are a little "iffy", but the food here was consistently fantastic whether it was 2pm or 2am.  Best guacamole I've ever had - hands down!  The Hawaiian/bbq chicken sandwich with onion rings on top was also amazing!  Unfortunately I live across the country, otherwise I might be eating there daily.
4	Great Huevos Ranchos!
1	This place was quite disappointing!  I waited 30 minutes to seat, which was sort of understandable since it was Valentines day weekend.  When we sat down, the waiter arrived and served us our drinks right away.  Here is where the problems started occurring . We waited 20 minutes for the server to come to place our order.  By the time I had placed my order, I was full off of the OJ.  Once I ordered, I waited another 25 minutes for my food to come out.  I had ordered the New York Steak and it was cooked inside correctly, but unfortunately, it was cold.  The plate was hotter than the steak.  My sides were horrendous as they were bland and cold as well.  I don't think I'll be eating here again. By the way, I'm not that hard to please as I spent the weekend eating Nathan's Hot Dogs and Panda Express.  That should testify how bad the food/service here was!
3	We were in between breakfast and lunch so we ordered French onion soup, lobster benedict, and waffles with fresn strawberries.Atmosphere was lovely.Service was good.Food was so so.The French onion soup had way too much bread which basically soaked up the soup and left us with an entire crock pot of mush.  The cheese was melted perfectly on top and was deliciously savory but did not make up for the pile of mush beneath it.The eggs benedict was pretty good, but it certainly wasn't the best we had tasted.  They were trying to be creative by serving a mini waffle under the poached egg insted of an English muffin, but the mini waffle did not have a good bite to it like an English muffin would have thus there wasn't a great contrast of texture with the egg.  The lobster was cut into small pieces and sprinkled around the plate.  There was also bacon cut into small pieces too and sprinkled around the plate.  The saltiness of the bacon and the lobster surprisingly went well together and did not clash.  I wonder if it would have been better without the bacon, as the lobster flavor would really sand out.  Perhaps, adding some sliced avocado in place of bacon might be a good flavor pairing although typical.  The waffles were crispy and yum. We asked if we could have both the whip cream and butter on the side, but they brought it with the whip cream on top and the butter on the side...it's like...HELLO...what part of BOTH do you not get?Anyway, our waitress was attentive and the hostesses were very nice.  Although I might have preferred going to the buffet for breakfast for around the same price as my eggs benedict!!!  But the line is 2-3x longer!!  In Vegas, if you're NOT a VIP, be prepared to wait in line!
2	Having seen that the line for the Wynn Buffet was at least a good hour and a half long, my friends and I headed a little further down the hall to the Terrace Pointe Cafe.  The wait was only about 15 minutes; we were seated, given menus, and waited about another 15 minutes for our waitress to come over.  Once she did she was very pleasant, and got our orders in promptly.  I started with the tomato bisque, which was advertised as coming with a mini grilled cheese sandwich.  Maybe because I got the cup instead of the bowl, it didn't come with one.  The soup was WAY too sweet, but otherwise had good texture, and a nice background kick.  My entree was sorely disappointing.  I got the carne asada, which was pieces of skirt steak wrapped in corn tortillas with chopped onions and cilantro.  It came with a tomato rice, a tortilla bowl filled with pinto beans and melted cheese, and a little side of salsa.  It was all just so...bla.  Nothing about it was bad; it just wasn't that good.  The tomato rice was probably the most flavorful thing on the plate.  The portion was also way too large.My dessert was the best part of the meal.  I got the cheesecake sampler, which came with three mini cheescakes on a plate- one plain with 2 fresh blackberries on top, one mango with fresh mango chunks on top, and the other chocolate with a truffle.  The mango was the best out of the three, although the plain was a close second, with a true New York cheesecake flavor and nice graham cracker crust.  My cafe latte was  large and very hot, which is nice since they can often be lukewarm.The service from start to finish was super sloooow.  It took us TWO HOURS to eat lunch, and we are not slow eaters.  And considering that the delicious Wynn buffet was only $30 for the champagne brunch that day, the $45 + tip that I paid for this mediocre meal was really painful.The one high point of the experience was the decor and ambiance of the place.  Like the rest of the Wynn, it is fresh, bright, and quirky.  I loved the white plates with sunny yellow borders, the oversized yellow coffee cups, the denim-looking napkins, and the lime green couch with navy border at the entrance.  The lower part of the seating area overlooks the beautiful pool.Overall, quite disappointing, especially for the price.
2	I've been twice now and I don't quite remember the first experience so I can only review this past time - which unfortunately was not good.  I think I wasn't so much disappointed by the food, but moreso the service.  We were seated right away, but still had so many long waits for our server.  And sometime in the middle of the meal, our server disappeared and someone else showed up.  I realize that these things happen sometimes - but a heads up would have been nice so we could look for the right server.  I had a cheeseburger which was quite tasty but WAAAAY too big.  Some people might think that's a plus, but I had to take off one side of the bun just to manage.  I also think that the food is a tad pricey - but hey, it's Vegas.  The ambiance is great - there are huge windows overlooking the pool area.If only I was there for breakfast - I would have loved to try their eggs benedict!
4	The girls and I ate here twice because we did not want to stand in line for the buffett and because we all thoroughly enjoyed our food! The wait can be quite long, and the service a tad slow but overall I would come eat here for the 3rd time! Try to tomato bisque, BBQ chicken salad, and the lobster egg benedict!! Fabulous!!
5	I've been here 3-4 times for breakfast now, and I wish it were around the corner from me.Two words:  hash browns.  These are the best hash browns I've ever had.  Now I know what you're thinking:  who cares about hash browns, right?  WRONG.  These hash browns were perfect.  There ought to be a picture of them in wikipedia or something.  I've had their egg sliders and huevos rancheros.  Highly recommend both.Oh yeah, two and half more words:  free wi-fi.  In Vegas.  I challenge you to find another free wi-fi place on the strip.  Well, besides the ice cream place on the Wynn.  Another free wi-fi place on the strip outside of the Wynn.
3	Food was pretty good, service was great, and the atmosphere was alright.  The Wynn Burger did not live up to its name, but who cares.
5	Didnt eat inside, why would I want to when I can have it to-gom and eat in my chair with my feet in the water (pool)....very good sandwiches for about $15, thats what we had. (Look for my pic)Of course I could pay waaay less for it somewhere else, but you are @ Wynn, remember?
4	Great, affordable food in a classy setting at the Wynn.  My turkey burger made with sun dried tomatoes and served on fontina focaccia was delicious.  Other items looked great.  I also loved the cozy couch at our table.  Wine was on the pricey side, but overall this was a great Vegas value.
4	My friends and I passed by here during our search for food and decided to go in for brunch...which turned out to be a very good idea.  The seating was way comfortable and the service was great. Best of all was how affordable it was in the midst of Vegas, haha. I'd say about $15(+/- $3) an entree.  I got the mushroom/swiss burger with shoestring fries. The burger was bigger than my head. And it was topped with an cherry tomato and olive! But most importantly, it was juicy and tasty. Medium rare. Our table also ordered a burger but medium, and it turned out a bit too dry. So stick with medium rare. Two of my friends could not resist ordering the lobster benedict. When it came to our table, my friends had to fight us off from getting to it first! It smelled REALLY good. They licked the plate clean, and probably would've eaten that as well if they weren't so full from the meal on it. Definitely come here for casual food.
4	I just got back from staying at the Wynn in Las Vegas and i just have to rave about this restaurant. My group ate here twice for breakfast. On our first visit we sat at the bar while we waiting for a table to open up outside. We ordered drinks from the bartender (I wish I remembered his name) and my friend's bloody mary was sub par. She didn't complain but he noticed her disappointed expression and added horseradish and Worcester sauce and kept mixing it until it was perfect. He was great! Once we were seated outside out experience only got better. The food was delicious and reasonably priced. The only complaint I have is the service. The wait staff (both times) wasn't friendly or attentive. We only saw them when they took our order and dropped our order off. We actually had to flag them down to get our check. I didn't mind the bad service because the food was AMAZING!
4	Had breakfast here twice -- obviously it's pricey cause it's at the Wynn but it's really good.Mimosas are great!!!!
1	This was our second stay at Encore and between the 2 visits, we've eaten at over a half dozen restaurants in the Wynn and/or Encore.  This was the only disappointment!  What a shame because it has so much potential and there is no excuse for such a mediocre execution at such an establishment.  I had the alfredo with shrimp and it resembled and tasted like a tv dinner!  I could have had better at The Olive Garden!  It was smothered with sundried tomatoes and mushrooms and was just bad-period.  My bf had the Philly cheesesteak and that too was a disaster.  How can you mess up a hot sandwich?  Th only decent thing we had was the salad caprese, which was actually good.  What a waste of $ and the nice pool view!
4	Sometimes the lines are way too long, but the food is solid. I was super impressed with the Chorizo Skillet breakfast (cant remember if thats the exact name), which had eggs, potatoes, chorizo, peppers, and some other yum-yums. I expected a piece or two of chorizo thrown in between everything else. It was chock full of chorizo! I couldnt finish the dish (which is saying something...)! The flavors were super rich and multi-layered. With that and some of the yummy coffee, I was happy camper, especially considering the night before! =)
2	The best part about this restaurant is the bread. It was warm. The double breaded chicken tenders appetizers with buffalo sauce were really double breaded. It was eating a chicken sandwich with extra bread. It was very filling. They could have done it with one less coating. The sauce was way too tangy. The kind of tanginess that makes you cough if you were to breath in the scent of the sauce upon eating it. The Asian Chicken salad was a joke. The chicken was dry and the cabbage and dressing was bad. The mushroom chess burger that my friend had looked good. Then again how can you really screw up a burger? This place would only be good if you were drunk out of your mind and you were starving. If you were to come here without these conditions then i don't recommend that you come here. It's hard to believe that a 5 star hotel like the Wynn have such a bad cafe. Extra star for the view of the pool view and the service.
4	I don't think a lot of people would drive to the Wynn to eat a burger, but if you're already there and you're craving one, Terrace Pointe Cafe does them well.  Generously sized patties, juicy and flavorful, and the bun was just delightful.  It's not the strongest memory of my last visit to Vegas, but it was pleasant nonetheless.Oh yeah, and they serve lobster eggs benedict.  Sweet.
4	This is one of my favorite brunch places in vegas.  The food is good, and the place is so pretty and sunlit.  I usually get the pancakes and they are good!  This place is worth checking out for breakfast...its just so pretty and perfect to sit here on a nice spring/summer day in vegas.  I love it.
3	The Wynn sadly, offers only a few places to eat in its confines and this is one of them. The two times we ate here, one experience was crap and the other was great. When we first arrived in Vegas I was so starving I was tempted to gnaw at my arm. We found Terrace Pointe Cafe and I ordered a turkey burger which if it weren't for my hunger, I probably wouldn't have eaten much of; it was so dry!! The service was horrible. I had to ask for water at least 3 times, they served us warm beer and were inattentive for most of our stay. The second experience was much MUCH better. We sat outside next to the pool, which, if you're going to eat here, it's a must to sit outside. The weather was beautiful while we were there so it was a real treat to enjoy a lovely meal in the sun. I ordered the BBQ chicken salad and it was one of the best salads I've had in a long time. It was fresh, full of yummy stuff like avocado, corn relish and black beans. It was topped with BBQ chicken and a chipotle ranch dressing. Man, I wish they had that exact same salad here in SF. Bottom line is, if you're staying at the Wynn, come here and order the BBQ Chicken Salad. If you're not staying at the Wynn, I'd probably leave this one be. The second
4	I really liked the Terrace Pointe Cafe because of the service and the atmosphere.  You have to grab a seat on the terrace overlooking the pond and the waterfall because it is completely different from just sitting inside the cafe and looking out through the windows.  The service was fantastic because they were helpful and cheerful, even with something as simple as an order of ice cream and a diet coke.  I have to commend one of the female manager-types who was standing by the registers and seemed to be offering personal service to whoever was coming by.  Bravo.
3	Very good...but like many things in Vegas these days...VERY EXPENSIVE!!Had breakfast, we ordered sliders, huevos rancheros, eggs and bacon.The rancheros seemed to be the best choice, but the quality of the food was top notch.  I would go back, if I had winnings from the slots.
2	We wanted a close cheap restaurant to Encore and this was the best option. The menu is pretty limited. The decor and the ambiance of the restaurant was however beautiful! We were seated for 10 minutes before anyone even greeted us. The servers were all over the place like lost lil sheep. The food was alright but not worth what we paid.
2	If their service was how a top hotel's restaurant should've been like, I would have rated it 4 stars. But that's not how it went down, so they only get 2.Food:  The food is pretty average, I must say.  But I'm a spaghetti lover, and their spaghetti is the best I've ever had! So if they didn't have the oh-so-tasty spaghetti, it might've even dropped to 1 stars. But its eatable, though I must say the price is really expensive for what it is.Service. HORRIBLE! I've been here twice and both times, the service was just horrible! First time around, I didn't want to yelp about it because it might've been one bad night.  But second time was just as bad, maybe worse.  C'monnn... the restaurant is located inside the Wynn! How could the service be such a disappointment?! It ponders me. Waiter never came around, and seemed very annoyed that we told him we weren't ready to order.  Never introduced himself nor greeted us, but instead said "what would you like to drink" right when we sat down (no seriously.. that's what happened).  After one of my friends decided to ask for a sprite instead of water, he walked off in the middle of his sentence (then didn't even bring the f^&*#$ drink.)  Rude and Unacceptable!
2	Wow this place is a rip off. Better off going to Grand Lux Cafe across the street at the Palazzo if you want good value. We had a large table of 10+ so getting the table for a group that size wasn't hard.Food took a very long time to arrive. I stuck with something safe like a Portabello Mushroom burger. It was tasty but for the price I paid ... $15 bucks I expect something like omg wow. I rather go to Carls Jr for $6 and be happy and full. The stuff my friends ordered looked ok but It didn't seem to wow me for the price. Some one complained that their salad sucked ... With $15 I could have gone across the street to Grand Lux and hit up their breakfast buffet. So please read my Grand Lux review for their all you can eat breakfast.
3	The decor here is really nice and the staff is run like a machine with walkie talkies and separate staff members whose sole job is just to bring you certain things. The prices are a little steep but not as high as I had expected.I ordered the chicken madeira I believe and it was honestly just OKay. There seemed to be too much sauce that tasted much heavier than it should have. The gnocchi felt like dried up gummi worms and was not appetizing at all. My cousin and I were both in agreement that gnocchi should never taste like that.I believe they charged me extra to substitute something in the order with asparagus, but I was glad I did because it was the best part of the meal. It was crunchy, not too much oil, not too soggy - perfect. Everyone else's orders seemed to fair much better but the ice cream I had in the end was amazing and made up for the mediocre food earlier. Since the prices are comparable I would say go to Cafe Society in the Encore instead unless you are specifically going to Terrace Pointe for the dessert.
4	After a night of partying and no sleep, my friends and I stumbled into the Cafe famished. My expectations on food had dropped significantly due to the bad food I have been eating. However, this place surprised me. I ordered the freshly squeezed grapefruit juice (yum) and the bacon avocado omelet (yummier). There was a view of the pool and the server was cheery and pleasant. My only complaint was that it felt like the server was trying to rush us out by the end of the meal.
2	Food is average to below average; I'd say about 2.5 stars quality. But for the price they are charging,  2 stars.
3	This is an old standby when you're starved. It's a great breakfast place (get the chorizo skillet!), great drunken place, or great hangover place!Even though it is in the Wynn, it's still a cafe and sometimes service can be inconsistent. Server didn't write down our order as he took it, but should have. Got the wrong burger. It was remedied very quickly though.  Philly Cheesesteak was a bit dry, Grilled Vegetable Flatbread Pizza was a bit greasy. Solid food, nice view of the pool.
3	The brunch is really tasty here, better than the brunch at Society at Encore. There's more sunshine and greenery than at Society, which puts me in a better brunch mood haha. The dinner was not as impressive. Think mediocre entrees and sandwiches you can get at any ol' deli for half the price. My tuna salad sandwich came with a very thin layer of tuna. What happened to the extravagance that the Wynn is suppose to effuse?! It's not found in their tuna! The food also took forever and a day to come out.
2	wow, very disappointing. i ate here about two years ago and the experience was much better then this time around. i feel like they've altered their menu. it looks like other yelpers enjoyed their breakfast and brunch. however, we went for dinner and i have to say the food was both over-priced food and poor quality. a very bad combination. i ordered the lamb pita and it was seriously disgusting. it was barely warm when they brought it out.  i have a feeling it was made hours before and then just warmed up when i ordered it. my bf ordered the thai beef salad. the server actually tried to discourage him from ordering it. that probably should have been the first sign. but we got it anyway and it was definitely not thai. i don't even know if i would call it a salad. it was more like cole slaw. i think my bf put it best when he called it an over-priced denny's. it's ridiculous when you consider the overpriced thai beef salad was $17. the next day we dined at mon ami gabi in paris and the salmon salad there was also $17. they were like night and day in comparison of taste and quality. save your money and go eat somewhere else.  truly a disappointment.
1	Had breakfast here today and what a disappointment! the food is really slow and tastes pretty poor for the price paid. The sausage is like unchewable and they charge 8 bucks for a cup of OJ. I understand this is Wynn and the good view and all that but 8 bucks for an OJ? Definitely not worth the money or your time. Avoid this joint at all cost please.
5	My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful breakfast here.  The breakfast sliders were great and my organic yogurt with homemade granola with fresh berries was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time.
4	If you are staying at the Encore or the Wynn, or just looking for a great cafe where you can eat a great breakfast or lunch, pleaseeeee come to Terrace Pointe cafe. It is a huge restaurant that can accomodate indoor and outdoor seating. I loved sitting outside as it faces the Wynn pool and just makes for a lovely view. The food was excellent! They have great iced tea! I never really review the basic beverages of a place but honestly theirs was delicious. Ok, beyond that their french fries are some of the best Ive ever had along with a great light Ceaser Salad with chicken. Friends had the goat cheese beniets, Pesto and chicken Salad annd their tomato salad. All looked great and tasted very fresh. There really isnt a place like this in the Encore so head over here. The service was also excellent as they accomodated movign quickly so we could catch our flight.
4	Stumbled in to the Terrace POinte Cafe after a a typical vegas night. Shows, clubbing, bodalicious strippers and, of course, excessive alcohol consumption. The raspberry french toast was the perfect ending/beginning to the morning. A very generous helping of stacked french toast, and the raspberry was complementary rather than overwhelming. A perfect balance between sweet and sour. The service was also fantastic. I loved our waitress who was friendly and cheerful at 6 in the morning. Needless to say, I definitely enjoyed my breakfast.
4	A possible upcoming Vegas trip has this restaurant weighing heavily on my mind; it is my favorite spot to dine at right before leaving vegas to return home. Its a great place to go over the pictures on the camera, delete whats needs to be deleted, organize memories, and alibi's if need be and just have a good last couple of laughs over whatever vegas style adventures we've had on that particular visit. We usually sit at the bar, have a couple of their excellent bloody mary's (they actually usually the spicy vodka, the only kind that belongs in bloody marys in my opinion) an order of the lobster benedict, and whatever else tickles our fancy on the menu. The lobster benedict is as rich and decadent as it sounds. Its not served on a soggy english muffin, instead its on a perfectly spiced crispy potato croquette, they are not at all stingy with the fresh lobster, and the asparagus is always crispy and perfect. The hollandaise is not to rich or eggy, or to heavily poured on, just enough to bind all the other tastes together. I usually order mine sans bacon (I just like to taste the lobster without all that smoky baconess) and fried eggs over easy instead of poached, because of personal preference. We've also ordered the salad with goat cheese beignets. The beignets are indulgent, crispy crunchy on the outside, smooth and creamy on the inside, the salad goes well with them as it cuts the richness. They also have a lobster and crab salad that I love; I always ask for rolls when we get it  because its not a green salad, but a mixed salad that is just begging to be eaten on roll drizzled with hot sauce. We've also tried a steak salad, that didnt dissapoint either. I've had the crab cakes here as well, but was not really impressed with them, it was the first time in my life I thought to myself I wish there was less crab in these cakes, they just lacked other flavor, I kept thinking "I want to take these back to kitchen myself and season them up right". One miss in a series of hits is not enough to make me say I dont love place, truly I do! The service at the bar is always attentive, occasionally we are forced to take a table because of the size of our group or because the bar is full, dont be deterred by the line outside, they are quite efficient at getting people seated and fed, however you will never feel rushed to leave. If you sit outside you will have a view of the Wynn Pool, not the topless one, but I hear the view is still lovely!
4	I was quite satisfied with my dining experience here. I had just landed off the plane and checked into Wynn when my tummy was craving something that would be easy to eat and fairly fast. We were suggested to go here and I really liked my lamb pita sandwich here. It was $16, pretty good deal for Las Vegas food. Their burger is even better though! Yummy.Everything is between $10-$20 here..they also serve brunch/breakfast options in addition to lunch options. They also have FREE wifi here..awesome =) you'll see people roaming around the front of the restaurant with their laptops..haha
4	Lunch was great. Quick and easy. Got a tuna sandwich, side salad, red wine vinaigrette. Priced well for a dining experience at the Wynn, solid, easy.Not much else to it, really. I guess to be in line with the raunchiness of some of my other reviews, I'll say that I had a semi-boner after eating. I've also found out that's called a broner. It'll catch on, kinda like the lemon law thing in How I Met Your Mother.
2	Certainly not the best dining experience available at The Wynn.Pro: A nice terrace where you can sit outside and eat with a view of one of the pools.Con: Outdoor seating was closed today at lunch, even though there was perfect weather and a gentle breeze.Pro: The setting is nice and even though the place is huge, it feels intimate.Con: The service was laughable.  Total rookie camp, which is not the norm at Wynn.  I think our waiter was either on drugs or had a stomach ailment.  He was acting weird and kept disappearing for long stretches of time.Pro: Lovely looking shrimp cocktail.Con: I couldn't eat it after witnessing the woman who carried it to our table holding the plate in such a way that the shrimp was actually touching her shirt (right between her armpit and right breast).Pro: Reasonably priced food for being inside a Strip resort.Con: My turkey club which is pretty hard to mess up didn't taste good.Pro: Wynn picked up the tab for our table as a comp.Con: We could have better spent that money at any other dining establishment on property.I will not return.  Even room service blows this place out of the water.
5	For a hotel cafe-style restaurant, this is as good as it gets. Whether we stay at the Wynn or not, we always come here for breakfast or lunch while in Las Vegas. This trip, we ate there twice over four days (Eggs Benedict and Raspberry French Toast for breakfast and then Sliders and Buffalo Chicken Dip for lunch). The Eggs Benedict didn't disappoint (they never do), and the Sliders and Buffalo Chicken dip were new discoveries. Delicious! We didn't have to wait in line for a table this trip -- the first time ever. My only complaint: they closed the terrace dining area due to a "high wind advisory." The umbrellas weren't even billowing. What a crock. Dining is the best on their terrace overlooking the pool.
4	Good brunch but the service not so great- food took a long time for a late afternoon meal (2pm). I had the bacon avocado omelette which was so tasty- hasbrowns it came with were nothing special. Friends got the veggie omelette which was also tasty and the lobster benedict which was so pretty (didnt get a tast but friend said it was perfect). Nice place to have a nice lunch, unfortunately the outdoor patio was closed due to wind but got a seat by the table which was nice.
3	One of the better places to get some quality food at a decent price without having to leave the Encore or Wynn.It's pretty much on par with Zooza Crackers but because I went to Zooza prior to being a Yelper, I'll talk about Terrace Pointe Cafe.Came in here for brunch and what I like about the restaurant is that it is spacious and has a great view of the Wynn pool and the sun shines through the glass doors that provide easy access to the pool itself. It really is a nice way to get your day started and a nice option if you aren't feeling like gorging yourself at a buffet.I had the Wynn Burger and it was good partially due to the fact I was craving a burger. Nothing too fancy but it also didn't disappoint. A quick tip in case you're coming wanting breakfast options but instead happen to stroll in well into brunch time is that you can ask your waiter to provide a breakfast menu and they're pretty good about making what you want. It was nice because I went in thinking "pancakes" but my stomach and the inner-dude in me said "get the burger." Though I must say the pancakes did look tasty from watching the people sitting next to us enjoying various breakfast items.In the end, this place gets the job done and is a good affordable (most items are in the $10-20 range)choice as a breakfast or lunch option where you can sit on the terrace overlooking the pool. As for later in the day, I'd opt for Zooza Crackers just because it's situated in the center of all the hustle and bustle and it's fun to people watch from their open booths. Also a great late night option for food.
3	Not the best place you can eat at Wynn or Encore but, by far better than other dinning options on the strip.After missing our dinner reservations at Sinatra on a Saturday night we were looking for a place to eat.  After asking for one of the Wynn employees he suggested this place.  The place was in the process of closing and were the last folks they had that night.  Even though they were closing they never rushed us and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  This place would be awesome for breakfast or lunch as it overlooks the pool and very nice place with the natural light.As for food and prices.  Prices were decent for Vegas pricing.  We had 4 people in our party and had 2 burgers, sliders, and steak, and bruschetta.  We split the tab between us it was $30.00 with tip each.Quality of food was very good and worth the trip.  Again its not going to be the best food you have but, its very much worth it for casual dining.
4	First of all for those complaining about the price,  You are at the Wynn!  Normally I would not spend $50 for a breakfast for two, but you are in Vegas pretending to be wealthy and staying in a hotel room with 10 foot high ceilings and more square footage then most apartments in LA.  Yes it is a little pricey but the quality did not disappoint.  The Lobster Eggs Benedict is now $20 and one of the eggs was runny like it should be and the other was solid, but the lobster was perfectly cooked and fresh.  I even got upsold a $7 strawberry smoothie that was damn good and I did not even mind.  Service was attentive, view was great, and free wifi make this place worth a stop.
3	Only so so. Had high expectations with it being a Wynn restaurant and all, but the brunch was mediocre at best. Hash browns, muffin, and eggs/omlette were all meh. I've had better breakfast at Denny's. The $7 apple juice and $8 orange juice was just ridiculous. The waiter was rude and routinely ignored our request for service. He avoids eye contact and when we called out to him he curtly responds "I'll be right there sir" without ever turning. I'm surprised Mr. Wynn would allow someone like this. I loved everything else about my Wynn/Encore stay though. Points mostly for the great atmosphere in this cafe.
2	I've been here twice and have mixed feelings. Once I came for lunch and had a pretty good turkey club sandwich and as an appetizer my friend and I shared kobe beef sliders. He got a salmon plate with asparagus. I couldn't complain then. My sandwich was good and the presentation of his salmon plate was gourmet.But on a separate occasion I returned for a dinner and my experience was just mediocre. I paid $50 for a burger and my g/f's sandwich. My burger was dry and uneventful and the fries were kinda cold. We didn't get top notch service from our waiter...Outta all the places in Vegas to chow down this place needs to "step their game up"!
1	It seems like every time I try to eat something that's not a buffet or outrageously expensive on the Strip, I end up having a horrible experience.  Alas, this was no different.We wanted to get brunch, but we didn't want to enter a food coma, so we decided to try out Terrace Pointe Cafe.  (We would have gone off the Strip if we had access to a car, but we didn't that weekend.)THE SERVICE WAS AWFUL.  I had low expectations based on other reviews I've read here, but it didn't even meet that low bar.  Our waitress Heather was terrible, and the guy who took our drink order was nice at first but then totally ignored us.  Not only did we have to ask multiple times for bread, but we didn't get drink refills, and it took a LONG time to place our order and get our food.  The food took so long to come out that everything was lukewarm.  We would have sent it back, but we were starving by the time it finally showed up.  The craptastic service was made even worse by the fact that she was giving excellent service to a table of old white people behind us.  Mmm, brunch with a side of racism.  My favorite.  The bf was steaming mad by the time we got our check, and we only ended up tipping $1, on a check that was over $30 (speaking of which, the entrees are really expensive for what they are -- my turkey burger was $15!).As for the food, the bf had the breakfast plate which came with pancakes and eggs and sausage links.  It also had toast, I think?  He said it was OK.  The turkey burger was decent but not that great.Also, Diet Cokes are $4!!!  HIGHWAY ROBBERY.  Mr. Wynn, as a fellow Penn alum, I am disappointed.  Sorely.
4	Mmm mmm MMM. Yes, all three MMM's! I wanted to come here on some previous trips because of some relatively good reviews of this place but never got a chance until I stumbled across this while visiting the gorgeous pool at the Wynn. This place has an awesome outdoor seating area that faces the Wynn gardens and pool area so you get a great view. The outdoor side is nice and heated at night in the winter time although the cafe closes at 5 pm. They serve brunch all day and breakfast items in the morning. They have creative decor and relatively good service but the food is delicious! I was amazed that it was reasonably priced for being in the Wynn as I was expecting some outrageous prices. My brunch platter of omelette and toast was only $13 which honestly is pretty good for a place of this caliber. I enjoyed the view, the service and their cocktails were yummy as well. I love it!
4	My partner in crime for the weekend mentioned he hadn't eaten for several hours, so I suggested that we look for a place to grub before lining up for XS. We were already at Society, but we had left by the time we realized we should have just stayed there. Their table setup was interesting, with one half being a couch and regular chairs on the other side. Homeboy could have taken a nap while we waited for our food, but it wasn't long at all. Everything was out at once in under a few minutes. Although I had already eaten before coming to the hotel, I still managed to get through half of my chicken quesadilla. The pineapple mojito I ordered was pretty good too. I got frustrated trying to poke at the pineapple chunks with my straw because I couldn't get any of them. Aside from that, our server was attentive and the service was quick. We killed as much time as we could here. We were the last ones in and the last ones to leave.
4	We had brunch there on a Sunday.  The food was good.  Great view to the gardens and swimming pool.  Expensive because it is inside the Wynn Hotel.
4	I know this place has gotten a lot of bad reviews but I really liked the restaurant. Originally my sister and I were going to go to the Wynn for the breakfast buffet but we found out it was the Saturday brunch and not a regular buffet, so I remembered about Terrace Pointe and we headed there. Actually a lot of people ended up venturing over to Terrace Pointe because of the non-buffet. From the time we walked into the restaurant to the time we sat at our table was about 10 min. which was great. The ambiance is nice, quaint and very "Wynn". The menu was short and sweet - pancakes, waffles, fruit, pastries, etc. I ordered the strawberry belgian waffle, my sister got pancakes. My waffle was great! So delicious - crispy, flavorful, the strawberries were fresh and the whipped cream was yummy. My sister's pancakes were huge, she couldn't even finish them. The only minus is it took a good while for our food to come.  Luckily we weren't starving, because if we were I would have been a lil ticked off at having to wait so long. Overall I really liked my food, it was a great alternative to the breakfast buffet. I will definetly go back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5	All the food here is outrageously good. Awesome breakfast, great coffee, beautiful setting. I drank the best Arnold Palmer of my life here. It was beautiful.
4	Couldn't give five stars because I, like another poster, found the little birds swooping in for a steal of some food off other tables a bit annoying. I love birds, but bird poop and obnoxiousness during a meal, not as much.The food, LOVED it. It was honestly one of the best meals we had in Vegas. It was breakfast. I had oatmeal. Simple plain and perfectly done! My side of fruit was also perfect as it wasn't just melon like most places. Frest fruit is a good indicator of a place, I think.  My husband had some crepes that were delicious. However, I couldn't stop eating the oatmeal. It was too good. I never thought I'd say that about oatmeal. Definately recommend it for a low(er) cost meal in a casual setting. Nothing pretentious here.
4	This place is so cutesy! It overlooks the Wynn's pool and garden. It's not your average Vegas coffee shop. The atmosphere is very welcoming and I love their dining sets and decoration. I ordered the salad sampler and massacred it... Their portions are huge, too. They have a bunch of other brunch items on the menu like gourmet burgers, steak & eggs, pasta, etc. The prices are reasonable by Vegas standards, in my opinion.
4	I have only been here for drinks, they have some happy hour specials because cheaper boozes is always good.  The drinks are pretty good and the service was not bad.  The decor feels very traditional European with the colors and the trimmings.  It is right by the pool so you can have sit inside or out while enjoying your drink and food.
2	So my family and I came here for lunch. We sat outside in the covered patio. Birds galore & it didn't help at all that the guy next to us was feeding the birds food! I'm scared of birds so I wouldn't recommend sitting outside. The food was mediocre from the last time I remembered coming here. Split a Caesar salad, French Onion Soup and Chicken Pesto Sandwich this time. My family knew to order right away because it takes forever to get your food so we did so and like we expected, took awhile to get our food. The salad was drenched in dressing and the lettuce was soggy. The French Onion Soup was alright, tastes better at Mimi's Cafe. The flavor was pretty strong, a little too strong. The Chicken Pesto Sandwich was average as well. Small and nothing special about it. Felt like I could have gone to Panera or something to get it. The fries that came with the sandwich were pretty damn awesome though. Crunchy, fresh and pretty much gourmet fries! From what I remember from my last visit, I would order a burger because I vaguely remember them being pretty good. I will give this place another try the next time and let you know how it goes!
3	Solid cafe choice. I do wish their iced tea had iced tea ice cubes instead of just regular water ice cubes (they have iced tea ice cubes at the cafe at the Bellagio I think). When it gets busy, the food comes out a bit slow though, so plan accordingly. Food's always good with typical classy Vegas prices and portions.
3	Another beautiful space in the Wynn.My bf and I had lunch here near a window, and although it was a chilly January day, we had the chance to look out onto the beautiful patio and pool.This cafe had standard food and service.  We started with Bloody Marys and were disappointed with their blandness.  My Bf ordered the burger with bacon, avocado, and all the fixings.  I had a bite and wanted more.  I orded a soup and salad, wanting something on the lighter side.  I figured I couldn't go wrong.  The chicken caesar was served with full romaine hearts drizzled with caesar dressing along side a couple of bland chicken tenderloins.  I expected a standard tossed salad.  I only warn you so that if you order this (which I don't recommend, it wasn't good) you'll know what you're getting.  The french onion soup was cheesy and warm.  The food was served quickly and servers were attentive.I'll come back but just order something different.
4	I put 4 stars because I would go back.The Cafe looked beautiful in the morning. I very much enjoyed the decor...from the beautiful white booth seating, to the nice drapery, top it with the beautiful pool area view.We had the raspberry french toast and cornedbeef and eggs. French toast were fantastic, you can request for a regular french toast if desired.  Corned beef has a generous portion which can be a brunch size dish.
3	$50 dining credit from our hotel offer & we chose to spend it here for a quick lunch. My taste buds weren't working properly and my appetite was pretty much non-existent. It was already 2pm in the day and I knew I had to get some sort of grub. I also chose this spot because my good pal, Lilli S. frequents it and always recommends the lobster benedict. The lobster benedict was the only thing on my mind when it came to ordering. Not only because Lilli recommends it but because she has legit taste so it was a no brainer. Although, I didn't initially enjoy it much (refer to above paragraph), I did enjoy it later for a late night snack. They definitely do not hold back on the lobster. Since I'm a ketchup addict, I doused it with the good ol' Heinz 57 (Guch would disagree).Across the way is Wynn's buffet, so if you don't feel like pigging out then Terrace Point Cafe is an available close option. The service was good and the atmosphere & setting is obviously classy. For some odd reason there were a lot of single-sitting women around me. Their counterparts were probably at a convention or blowing away the kid's college funds elsewhere.In conclusion, a solid 3 star on my only entree' and my overall half-conscious experience here.
3	You're paying for the view.  We came here for a weekend breakfast.  I expected more from the Wynn, but was disappointed by the mediocrity. Good thing I got a $50 dining credit from the hotel.
4	Casual dining at the Wynn.  This place is the only place and thankfully, it was well worth it.Breakfast sliders and sour cream coffee cake.  Delicious.  The coffee cake is huge and can serve about 4 people.  We had to take the leftovers to go. The sliders were a basic ham and egg sandwich but were really tasty.  The hash browns were studded with green onions, crispy on the outside, and delicious as well.  Service was great and everything was reasonably priced for the Wynn.
4	Great restaurant. Food is excellent. Deduct a star for the food taking forever to come out! But service is always good as well as the food.
4	My family likes to have brunch here when we're all together in Vegas.  It's casual dining-Wynn style.  The place has a great sunny, relaxing feel to it.  It's roomy with the tables spread far apart.  The service has always been wonderful.  I love the salads here.  The menu changes whenever we've been there and everything I've ever tried, I've loved.  I had one of the best lobster salads I've ever had in my life here.  I really enjoy this place, will continue to visit, and highly recommend.
2	I was disappointed with the Cafe at the Wynn.  The food was just okay and the service (although nice) was extremely, extremely slow.  It took us over 2 hours just to eat a small brunch-type meal here.  The drinks alone took about 10-15 minutes to come out the first time. Plus, there is a line here to be seated.  Three of us just ordered appetizers (a chicken skewers and a bread/shrimp salad) and one of us ordered the continental breakfast.  This should not have taken so long.  The food was fine, nothing wrong with it, but no wow factor.  And, for the price, we could have gone to a much better restaurant.  It was a drain of over 2 hours.  The bloody marys here were also fairly lackluster, not spicy enough and no celery.  I would not return here and there are better options, although it is a nice looking restaurant.  Maybe the whole thing with the pricing is because of the $50 dining credit, but that's not cool if you are not staying here.
3	One of the casual dining places located at the Wynn near the buffet place. Nothing outstanding on the menu. Taste is bland.Pricey as expected.Service is attentive.I had the fish tacos for $17.Its 2 pcs of fried fish wrap in soft taco wraps.ICEd tea is $4.00hmmm...would not got back
4	so I actually really like this place - especially if it's a nice day and you get patio seating. The food is good and not terribly expensive considering you're at the Wynn & in prime seating. The wait staff was attentive and it's a great place to sit back, drink an iced tea and relax. Definitely will return next time I'm at the Wynn.
3	Nice place to take the parents in Vegas... good food, although a bit on the pricey side. Then again, Vegas isn't the place to start scrimping on pennies. The menu had an interesting variety of selections, but the food didn't taste outstandingly exotic. Just your basic American breakfast with a twist here or there. Service was solid and we were seated fairly quickly (although I noticed a growing line right around the peak time for brunch).
4	Overpriced gourmet diner food has never tasted so good.  Terrace Pointe looks like a regular cafe / diner from the outside but its high prices would suggest otherwise. Let's just remember this place is considered "cheap" for Wynn standards.The food is great.  Portions are large and the presentation often makes patrons forget they're eating at a diner.  I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner with great experiences each time.  The service was stellar and was as classy as the food.Though the decor is a tad on the cheesy side, the awesome views of the pools near the windows make up for it during the day time.  I have not ever had a bill for less than $100 here, and that is dining with 3-4 people at a time.  It's more than likely during my next extended stay at the Wynn will result in another visit to this lovely cafe.
3	Stopped here for lunch while checking out the Wynn. It came recommended by the concierge as the best place to eat a casual lunch on the Wynn property. Indoor seating and outdoor poolside seating available.Even though it was noon, we were attended to and seated quickly. The view is hard to beat...you can see the pool from just about every seat. The Wynn does have some of the best visual stimulation around...the waterfalls, the pool, the decor, and the environment is just great.The burger and sandwich quality was excellent. The burgers are HUGE and flavorful. I had a southwest Angus burger with avocado and my friend had their BLT. You'll have to be hungry to eat the whole burger or sandwich...honestly. The hamburger buns are fresh made in house...they tell you but you can also tell with your first bite.Their fries...eh...ok...disapointing to be totally honest. The basic fries are just that. and their steak fries, which I had, were over-seasoned beyond what I could handle. Hopefully just a mistake but it's just fries...they were pretty bad.The milkshakes are what make the Terrace Point worth a trip. They serve triple thick shakes and they are worth every penny at $7 each. With 6+ flavors to choose from, I had their Vanilla and it was anything but your run-of-the-mill shake. Whip cream was fresh made, cherries were some of the best ever, and the shake size was ideal. I usually feel weighed down by shakes but not here.Here's what we got...Vanilla Milkshakes - $7 eaBLT - $12Fries - $4Southwest Burger - $17Steak Fries - $4Spend-o-meter: 55 for lunch...way up there IMHO for a cafe...worse considering the disappointing fries...Service: very goodValue: eh...better places within a quick walk...Ceasars, the Venitian, and the Palazzo have much better cafe's and taqueria's for the same $$$.Will I go back? If I do, it will be for the shakes.Overall, I expected a much better experience from the Wynn. I left not really wanting to go back...kinda sucks to feel that way over lunch as I'm sure the Wynn has much more to offer.
5	The hubz and I landed in Vegas at 9, checked in at Wynn and met my bff and her hubz for some brunch. The Lobster Eggs Benedict alone hit the 5 star mark! Here's the play by play...I asked for outside seating since it was such a beautiful day and the pool looked intoxicating. Hostess mentioned a 15 minute wait so we headed for the bar for some yummy flutes of mimosas. Our table was ready in minutes but we got held up at the bar. The hostess kindly mentioned that are table is ready whenever we are :) We headed out after our drinks and ordered a huge pitcher of Sangria...ummm delicious! The hubz ordered a burger (wth?) the bff ordered waffles with a side (or should I say a mound) of bacon and fries while her hubz had some linguisa! Everyone savored every bite! Now more about that adicting Lobster Eggs Benedict...its addicting...forgive me for not providing photos...trust me...GO!
4	mmmmmm....yummy. I had the raspberry french toast, so good. Portion was not huge, but I was full by the end of the meal. Husband had a southwest skillet, generous and tasty. Word of warning, the coffee is $4.00- we drank four cups each which I think makes it worthwhile. Server was pleasant, and the patrons eating there were nice, even making suggestions as to there favorites on the menu. Will definitely return for more yummy french toast.
4	Apparently, this place is as casual as it gets at the Wynn.  Saying that, I had a good experience.  My girlfriends and I came here for dinner on a Friday, and we were seated outdoors.   The ambience was very relaxing, and we got to enjoy the beautiful decor and scenery by the pool.  The food was very fresh and flavorful, and the portion was large.  I nearly died trying to finish my linguine with clams, and I'm a buffet kind of girl.   If you're eating dinner right before going out dancing, I suggest sharing with one other person.  The only downside our dinner was our waiter - he was a cheesy comedian wanna-be that dissappeared half the night.   Overall, this place had great food at great price and great ambience.  I'd totally come back.
3	Cute casual place in the Wynn.  The ambiance is nice, with a patio view into the pool area.  Our party of six were seated fairly quickly despite the intimidating line when we first arrived, thought unfortunately our table was in a corner next to the restrooms (hostess was very hesitant about reseating us - seriously, you want to sit next to toilets? - so we just gave up) =\.  The waiter was also a little slow getting to us, though in her defense, it was a little crazy.  The food did come out pretty quickly though...I got the crepes and some of my friends got the highly suggested raspberry french toast.  I personally enjoyed my food (as well as my friends').  The coffee was really good (1 star for that).Terrace Pointe is a decent alternative to the crazy buffets and expensive bistros of Vegas, but will I dream and look forward to coming here again?  Probably not.
4	Service good. Expensive again 2 omelets for 80 and coffee, juice no alcohol.  Vegas is crazy expensive. Food great though.Right by the pool so we ate and lounged after.  you have to walk around a bit for a place outside. The outside eating patio isn't always open.
5	I love this place. Granted, it was the only place that my friends and I had breakfast/ever wanted to try!  The food is amazing.  We continued to come here for brunch after our long nights and enjoy some great breakfast food.  What they raved about which I didn't have was their lobster benedict.  My friends were obsessed.  I tried their chilequilles, it was very tasty.  I also had their homemade granola and yogurt with fresh berries. I pretty much died and went to breakfast heaven.  We also loved that we could get mimosas and bellinis and sangria all in the morning! The staff works really hard and you can tell they enjoy their job.  We would continue to go back the next time we come to Las Vegas.
4	I know this place is overpriced but it is at the Wynn. What do you expect? Great Lobster eggs benedict!!! Ambiance, decor and service! TOP NOTCH!!
2	I rarely give reviews below 3 stars, however, this is one of those experience that deserved a 2 star award.  We came here around 1:00pm without a reservation and didn't have to wait long for a table, but I soon see why the wait is not long and the restaurant is not packing with people waiting in line. Here is the score card and summary of the experience:Decor: 4, being a restaurant in Wynn, it's expected the standard to be high and it's very flower-y inside but things really go downhill from that point.Service: 3, average service, brought your food over, refill your drink at a very slow pace, and we were not really asked how was our food and was charged 18% for gratuity because our party's size (9 people), which I don't really think they deserve.Food: 1, I ordered a BBQ bacon burger and the food came in under-flavored and was way too greasy. Ordered the burger at medium well but turned out to be well done. Value: 1, for the food that we ordered, it was totally over-priced. I really expected much greater things for a burger that's $17. (no sides)This restaurant is right next to pool at Wynn, but even if the pool is filled with America's Top Models, its food's lameness would not persuade me to come back.
5	Great place for breakfast. I highly recommend the steak and hash browns. They are outstanding! The orange juice is great as well. The service is always great and the food comes out hot and fast. I eat here at least once every time I'm in Vegas.
3	The food at Terrace Pointe is okay. The Mahi Mahi tacos were pretty tasty. They make decent beverages. The lemonade in the Arnold Palmer was way too sweet and I needed to have the waitress keep adding iced tea to cut the sweetness. The best part of Terrace Pointe is that it's inside the Wynn and the interior decoration is amazing. The views of the pool area are enchanting, as well.
4	Sit outside and be prepared to wait! I ordered the steak and eggs. The steak was not good, but i was starving. My friend ordered the pancakes and they looked AWESOME!!Overall it is a nice place to stop and people watch. Keep your order simple.
2	We came here for brunch because it got such high Yelp reviews. We were disappointed. The decor was hideous. Ive never seen so many obnoxious colors in a carpet before. There was a hair in my drink. The server seemed kindof out there. The food was barely edible. My eggs tasted funny. My husband ordered a house specialty, some kind of waffle with bacon cooked in it. His syrup tasted like a bloody mary. Who puts such odd ingredients in maple syrup and doesnt tell you until it is dumped all over your food? Oh thats right. A place that makes their hostesses wear hot pink and has the most hideous decor Ive ever seen. There prices are high too. $60 for breakfast for two.
4	Ham, egg, and cheese sandwich on french toast.   Yes, please.  This was pretty damned good but the home fries were just okay.The fresh squeezed juices are great and the bloody mary is friggin' fantastic.  (Tip:  They put a lemon [meh] and an olive [yuk] in it.  Get them to add limes and pickles and tabasco!  Although it was great without.)If I compared the meal to the price, it would probably be two to three stars, but when you add in the view in the service, it's at least four!Special thanks to our waiter Howie and our busser Franciso, for making us want for nothing, while feeling like royalty.Extra special thanks to the security guy who kicked the skank and the rando man she picked up in Vegas in line in front of us out of line for inappropriate attire.  Also, thanks to the hostess, who inadvertently sat they same couple at the table next to us when they came back in less transparent clothing.  Great friends were soon and forever made.  :)
3	Not a bad spot to stop in for a casual meal. I've had brunch and lunch here before. Both were good and not too crazy price-wise considering it's located inside The Wynn. We stopped in here for lunch on our last Vegas trip. Waiting for the room to get prepped so we could get settled in. Although it was July and over 100 degrees outside, we opted for the patio seating so we could watch the pool scene. The do a good job with oversized umbrellas and misters. But if you're in direct sunlight you're toast. I went for the Cobb Salad ($16) and my buddies had a Chinese Chicken ($15) salad and one had a Turkey BLT ($15).  $50 total with tax. Yah it's a bit steep for what we had, but it's Vegas and The Wynn at that. I can deal. All of us enjoyed what we had. The portions were more than generous. I guess our only complain was they forgot to take the label off the tomato when slicing it for the sandwich.
4	Best pancakes I've ever had! If you're a fan of amazing pancakes, you've got to try this place. Overall, the food is generally very good quality and the atmosphere is cool too. Love the real couches that serve as booths at some of the tables, and the view of the pool and outdoor seating (when it's not too hot or cold) is really nice too.Prices are on the high side, as they always are for hotels, but most of the food (pasta, burgers, omelets, pastries) are really good. I like the fruit plate, but the date nut bread that comes with it is ALWAYS dry.Service is inconsistent here ranging from amazingly good to just awful. I've been dozens and dozens of times and you never know what you're going to get service wise.
3	The view from this cafe is pretty nice, right outside the windows is the Wynn pool. I ordered the chicken and waffles, it was okay. The Cole slaw was pretty good. The customer service was okay. Our waiter was a little annoyed that we were requesting for several of things.
4	Went there for brunch and had the Lobster Benedict.It was super tasty (super expensive as well, forgot how much it was) and it's definitely worth a try.  The outdoor seating is really nice too.
3	Located inside Wynn. We sat at a table by the window which had a view of the pool. SLOWW service here. It wasn't even busy. We waited long to have our order taken, waited long for our food, and waited long for our check.Food was ok. Chicken and waffles: Chicken is boneless, breaded, and fried. It was a little bland though. Waffles are well-seasoned and tasted "interesting." I really wanna try the chicken and waffles at Bouchon at Venetian but I tried twice and was unsuccessful. One time they were sold out and another time the wait was too long.Crab and shrimp salad was very yummy and had a lot of seafood in it. Pricey but that's expected.
3	Not bad. Not great. Quick lunch, looking out at the pool. But you're paying for it. Nice crowd. Typical Vegas high-end coffee shop.
3	The Terrace Pointe Cafe is basically a Denny's that has gone through the magic Wynn machine that makes everything sparkly, more expensive, somehow classier, and generally out of my price range.  However I had won 8 dollars after most of the night battling slot machines and alcoholism all up and down the strip and felt like treating myself to a nice breakfast, instead of my usual casino floor free coffee and menthol cigarettes.  Although immediately after sitting down I felt underdressed, even though this is the casual restaurant on the property.  When I saw the size, material, and absolute whiteness of the napkin (serviette?) I realized just how out of place I was.  Oh well, "Chicken and Waffles my good sir!"I think I also ordered a smoothie that wasn't very good and way expensive.  The chicken and waffles were excellent even though not made in the gut bomb super greasy diner style that I am used to (They had some fancy sweet sauce type stuff for it).  Good portion size and presented in a very loving way that only corporate luxury can deliver.The restaurant faces the pool and has outdoor seating (in the summer in LV, are you crazy?!?) so it has some good people watching opportunities.Not high on my list of places to return to, given that if I am in Wynn ever again it will be because I am actually a baller instead of what I was last time which was lost, drunk, and just a tad curious.
4	It's more like a 3 1/2 star joint, but I give it 4 rather than 3. We had to wait a little while to get a seat outside on the patio, but the view from our table was nice. Our waiter was really nice and attentive. It took a while to get our food, but he warned us that the kitchen was really busy and it was going to take a while. He made sure we got our coffee and juice right away, so we were ok with that. The food was good, but definitely Wynn-priced. *Careful if you are there for breakfast during the summer months. Get there early. It was pretty comfortable when we got seated, but by the time we left, we were really ready to be in an air conditioned room!
3	I never expect too much from hotel restaurants but I was hoping that with the new vegan dictate from Steve Winn to make vegan menus in all the restaurants, this would be a good choice. The food was good. There was a vegan menu with a few choices for each meal. I had the Soba Seaweed Salad. This was good but a little sweet. The Arame on the salad was good but the flavor was covered up by the sweet sauce. Perfect amount of ginger though. The cucumber instead of being shredded, was just mush but the Enoki mushrooms made it for me.Why the 3 stars though? The service. Not that it was slow or bad, but it was too aggressive. I get that it was busy but we were seated and within 10 seconds I was expected to order a drink before I even picked up the drink menu. I asked that he come back, he never did. I put my order in with the waiter and he passed it on to the drink guy. The waiter came by 2 times way too quickly to take the order and the second time was very pushy about us ordering. Serving is finding a balance between being prompt and being slow. This place does not have this down. From the other reviews they sound slow, my experience was they were too pushy. They should just go in between the extremes.
3	An easy 4 had it not been for the overpriced mimosas ($9+ in the skinniest flute I've ever seen). Our server Jason was leagues better than one would expect at the overall disappointing Wynn and made a good meal great with his attentive service and quick wit.Food was top notch, but the portions were a bit small (buy hey you get to eat with Wedgewood silverware!). My eggs benedict was delish ($15ish), but a friend's heart attack on a plate french toast sandwich stole the show. Two huge slabs of brioche with ham, egg, etc etc  with syrup and butter. It was, as he would say, amazeballs.
3	Love decor and atmosphere!  I thought the food would be delicious like the Bellagio cafe and alas it was not.Average food, above average prices.  Wynn needs to step it up big time in the casual dinning department.  Try to eat on the patio, and split food portions are larger...
5	Best yogurt parfait I've had!!
2	The service is slow, food is expensive, you won't be satisfied.The place was empty yet it took nearly 30 minutes to get food. I was still hungry but ate my mediocre food. Didn't want to wait another 30 minutes and spend $20+ to get more expensive food so I left. A good place to stay away from.
4	Stumbled on to this place while I was enjoying a weekend with my Gambler Buds that were in town donating funds to the ever so fabulous Wynn Casino.Lobster Eggs Benedict: A lobster breakfast dish.. Sold!! Its a good ol' fashioned eggs benedict with Lobster in place of ham. This was rich, creamy and absolutely amazing!My friends ordered burgers and by the look on their faces and the waxed off plates I'm assuming they didn't crap out on this one!Cafe Food was Oustanding , Ambiance relaxed and the only negative was the service lagged and prices weren't polite
3	Went here for breakfast with a friend my first morning during a recent trip to Vegas and it was pretty good.  The waiter was very helpful and the food was pretty good.  I got the garden veggie omlette but my friend's pulled pork egg dish was so much better.  However the prices were so high that I didn't return here for the rest of my trip.
3	Average food but good service. If the weather is permitting, sit on the patio.
4	They are only open until 3:00 pm. Excellent Tomato bisque and open faced grilled cheese sandwich. A little pricey, but it's the Encore / Wynn. The plate shape is very awkward and hard to work with.
4	I have been here twice with my sister when we visited Vegas. The breakfast is great, I usually get the buttermilk pancakes which are HUGE, I usually never finish them. The last time I went, for Christmas, I got them with strawberries inside. Its one of our go-to places for breakfast when we visit! The only downside was on our last visit it took a long time for us to get our food :(
3	I thought the food was a bit pricey.  An omelet, hashbrowns and muffin, plus two fountain drinks =$40.00.  Took about 45 minutes to have our food out to us. The tables werent spaced out enough. there was barely enough room to have the waitress manuever around the table next to us.  can't say that i will be in any hurry to make it back
2	Very poor service. Food was not ready after 15 mins. Not even a bread basket!!!! I ask the waitress to check she replied "I think you never order our pancake before is 3 inches thick, it takes 10 mins to cook" ok whatever, Pancake and Waffles at Cafe Bellagio taste way better than here!...it is 97 dollars for 4 adults.
4	The Terrace Pointe Cafe made up for my disappointing experience at The Buffet. The cafe has indoor and outdoor seating, if the weather permits, I suggest sitting outside which offers a pretty view of the swimming pool.This was my last day in Vegas and I wanted to make sure I spent some 'alone' time with my niece. I met her in the lobby of the Wynn so naturally I suggested the cafe I noticed earlier. We were greeted and seated immediately with a nice view of the pool. The menu had a few tempting (fat laden) items but I was drawn to the veggie omelet. My niece exclaimed "Chicken and Waffles! Together? For breakfast?" (she's from the UK). I immediately urged her to 'try something new', in other words I wanted to try the C&W as I've never had them. The waiter took our order and delivered the coffee and juice quickly. We enjoyed watching the people in the pool (people are so weird) while waiting for our food which came out piping hot and beautifully displayed. My veggie omelet was delightful, the 'square' of hash browns crispy / tender and the rye toast was very fresh and delicious. The chicken and waffles were a big hit. Bacon bits in the waffle with white meat chicken tenders topped with a fried egg. My niece ordered the spicy syrup and it was the perfect hot / sweet combination. The waffles were airy and crisp, the crust on the chicken was fried to golden perfection. I never thought I would like this combination but was I proven wrong. Hot damn, all of the flavors combine together for a sinfully wonderful treat. The check hit the table and holy cow: $60! They nickel and dime you to death in Vegas so think twice about ordering extras (like a side of salsa). Though expensive, I would visit this place again for the C&W.
4	Had breakfast here twice on recent Vegas trip and enjoyed the experience. Bypassed the Wynn buffet since it was $31.95 per person and decided to come here.Despite the long line to be seated the wait was only about 10mins one day and less than 5mins the next day. Service was top rate and our food was brought quickly. I would highly recommend their Maine lobster egg Benedict. I ordered the NY steak and eggs and was slightly disappointed with the size of the steak given it was $22.Overall, it is a great alternative to the breakfast buffet and again their service was awesome.
3	Terrace Pointe Cafe is a nice change from all the buffets. It's located near by the Wynn Buffet and the seating allows a very nice view of the pool. The food here is good and the pricing is not bad as well. Ambiance is very nice and service is great.
3	Great breakfast although it did take forever to be seen once we sat down and for the food to eventually come out.  Despite it all, the coffee and food was good and a nice atmosphere
3	Average, but generously sized meals.It took about 35-40 minutes after ordering to receive our food.
4	What a nice treat!  We were seated inside (quickly) and served quickly.  Our server Jeanine was pleasant.  I ordered the steel cut oatmeal and it was cooked PERFECTLY.  My husband's Scrambled Eggs and Lox was delicious.  We both enjoyed the coffee, served in bright, cheery yellow mugs.  Our neighbors had ordered the Lobster Eggs Benedict and the Baguette French Toast and loved their breakfast as well.Highly recommend this pleasant spot in the Wynn. PS:  Had a little giggle after seeing the very professional hostesses in hot pink suits talking on "secret service" microphones, but they were extremely efficient!
5	I can't say enough about this restaurant.  Breakfast was amazing. A must have is the lobster eggs Benedict. Absolutely excellent! Service was prompt and courteous and the view on the patio was beautiful. Highly recommend it to anyone willing to spend some money on a great breakfast.
4	Love this place for breakfast.  Always get a seat outside overlooking the Wynn pool.  My favourite is the fried chicken and waffles!!
3	Your average Continental Cafe' with a slight twist. And a bit of a price to pay for it.We have always ate at the bar, and have great service there too.Martha is our gal!
2	Another decidedly mediocre experience I had at the Wynn last weekend. I know expecting a yummy breakfast out of a cafe is stupid. That being said, at $25 per person or so for an entree and some coffee I'd like it to taste at least as good as OPH or IHOP!I started with a large mocha. It was weak, had hardly any mocha flavor, and definitely not worth the $6 or $7 they charge. My husband and I shared a waffle and the french toast sandwich. The waffle was very blah. I really like the waffles at Waffle House, Roscoe's, and Bouchon to name a few. I think making a yummy waffle is possible - they don't all have to taste mediocre. These were just above eggos.The french toast sandwich was a sloppy mess of awful. it was just eggs, meat and french toast thrown on a plate and no attempt to make a sandwich was visible. Each component was bad individually and when eaten in conjunction with one another. I was wishing for a McGriddle as I was downing this thing. Yup, that bad. I would say breakfast here was like eating at a Marriot hotel cafe in a random city. A bit disappointing given the price point and the location at the Wynn. Next time we will walk over to Bouchon !!!
4	YUM! ate here for breakfast...  Very nice place.  Sit outside!  overlooks the pool, very plush, nice, elegant dining for a morning meal... relaxing.  I ordered one of their specials which was the Ham, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich on French Toast and Hashbrowns.  SO GOOD, BIG PORTION! Filling! i didn't finish it... it was so good that when i finished... a bird randomly swooped down on our table, took something from my plate and flew out with the quickness.  Ninja bird! hahaha... but hey, good food is good food!
2	Dined here for lunch on 6/25/11.  Ordered their chicken cordon bleu sandwich and tomato soup.  Tomato soup was very good!  Not tangy at all.  Very rich and creamy.  :)  $8 bucks for a cup of soup.  WTH? The sandwich was good, but the $16 dollar price tag that came along with it was not.  Overall, food here is yummy, but for the price you are paying it is not worth it.  There are so many places to dine at in Vegas for far better prices.  If you have money to burn, then by all means, dine here. However,  my suggestion, Yelp around first  :)
5	We enjoyed absolutely exquisite breakfast here every morning of our entire stay. We wanted to venture out and go somewhere different but why?   Nothing could have possibly been better.  Everything was absolutely delicious, beautiful presentation, glorious environment and stellar service.  This must be what it feels like to eat breakfast when your a movie star!
3	Last weekend, the birthday girls decided that they wanted their birthday lunch to be here on a Saturday afternoon. Despite the line, they were able to accommodate a table of 10+ fairly quickly. (+1 star) Our server greeted us promptly and took our drink orders. Before we knew it, our drinks were out and he made his way around our party for our food orders. The food didn't take too long to come out, and we all received our food at the same time. (+1 star)I ordered the Bacon Avocado Omelette. The omelette itself didn't impress me. The eggs were overcooked and lacked flavor. All I could really taste was the salsa on top. The hash browns came out like a large brownie... and tasted like a pastry. I'm really not sure why...Presentation? Amazing. Our toast came in a neat basket with a few jars of different jellies. I loved their water glasses and how they always kept our glasses relatively full. (+1 star)Other than that, I wasn't too impressed. I might give this place another try the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
3	extremely overpriced breakfast foodI like that you can watch everyone in the pool while eatingService was just okHummus trio appetizer was good but not enough veggiesTuna fish was averageCaesar Salad was boring and overdressedTypical Vegas food...
5	Love Spanish inspired dishes, I reccommend this place if you are near the Wynn on the strip. I had the CHICKEN and WAFFLES. The syrup had a spice to it and the chicken was crispy and boneless, stacked and top with a fried egg. *drool*We had chips and guacamole, salsa, and salsa verde dip to start with was very refreshing. We sat outside which was probably not a good idea because it was about noon lol.Other than that we enjoyed, yes it may be a bit overpriced but hey, you get what you pay for!The service is on point, the hostesses showed us out table before seating us and they were all so polite and attentive to every group.Our server was awesome too.
4	I enjoyed two nice breakfasts here last week while at a conference in LV. The prices were reasonable for what I received, service was organized and courteous and timely.  I enjoyed waffles and espressos, my wife had a chicken & waffle entree, and everything was excellent.  I would surely re-visit this restaurant for breakfast, perhaps lunch- but there are many options in the area of course- so its hard to choose.  Anyways- give it a shot for breakfast if you are every staying at the Wynn.
5	Excellent food. Nice decor. Reasonably priced.
4	PULLED PORK BENEDICT!!!Genius.  I wandered all the way to Terrace Pointe Cafe from Encore and actually found it based on the suggestion of an employee. I wanted breakfast, eggs and meat, and what I got was simply delicious.The Pulled Pork Benedict was super flavorful, and it came served on jalapeno cornbread with BBQ hollandaise.  I am so happy about this!My friend got the corned beef hash, and it was delicious as well.I'm also excited about the chicken and waffles they have on the menu, maybe next time I am in town I'll give it a whirl.Best part: Compared to the other restaurants the prices are more reasonable and in a lot of ways the food is even better.  Left me feeling satisified!They also have a nice Terrace (go figure) which may be worth the wait next time I visit.
5	Great food.  Fast and efficient service.  Great and friendly staff.  A truly enjoyable experience. Can't discount the view either!
4	I've been here twice now for breakfast.  The recent visit was very good.  The baguette french toast was wonderful.  Nice service in a pretty room with large windows to the pool/patio area.
4	Breakfast was great. "Double-Down" option allows you to chose two breakfasts dishes on the same plate. This gives your palate the opportunity to enjoy the sweet & salty on the same plate. Go for the bacon-avocado omelette and the apple french toast. Their home fries were spot on.Coffee was good and service was attentive. Great view of the pool.
4	I have three words for you:MaineLobster Benedict.you will not be disappointed. (the cafe IS pricey - you could probably pay for a lunch buffet with what you order, but lobster benedict? c'mon.)
5	Love this place. The food is delicious and the service is great. Breakfast at the bar is enjoyable. French toast sandwich is amazingly full of flavor.
4	This restaurant is located within the Wynn hotel. They stop serving breakfast at some point (maybe 1 or 2?) we arrived a bit after.They have a vegetarian menu in addition to their regular menu. Major points!On the suggestion of a fellow yelper, I tried the vegetarian chick'n and waffles. WOW! So yummy! The scallion waffles went so well with the savory chick'n deep fried in a really nice crispy crust. It also came with spicy maple syrup. The whole dish was great, but it was missing some vegetarian gravy, that would have brought it over the edge. Boyfriend had an omelet, it was good. Service was also good. Strangely, in the almost empty restaurant, the hostess insisted on sitting all the customers next to one another. It would have been nice to have a little more privacy, most the restaurant was empty but the tables on either side of us were filled.
3	Heavens to Betsy! I thought I reviewed this place ages ago.  Apparently I was remiss in my vegan Wynn reporting, so here ya go.Had a nice lunch here after a glorious morning at the Wynn spa.  I was so tempted to try the vegan chikin and waffles that Matt and Adina raved about, but alas -- I was holding out on those for a romantical brunch date.I got the gazpacho (good, but totes overpriced at $10) and the vegan happy meal ($9, best food deal anywhere at Wynn/Encore, also available at Society Cafe, made paying $10 for a cup of soup seem even more ridiculous).  The gazpacho  was fresh and tasty and a good-sized serving and came with a couple of crostini.  The vegan happy meal (cheezburger, fries and chocolate shake) was probably not the best choice after rejuvenating my soul, but it was damn good.  In a gross-guilty pleasure-tastes like fast food kinda way.  Yeah, it's been 20+ years since I've had a fast food burger, but this is probably exactly what they taste like, right down to the pickle and sesame seed bun.  Fries - crispy and tasty.  Shake - best part of the meal! Coconut milk-based, very rich and chocolaty.  So good.I had a nice seat outside for a lovely fall day.  I would highly recommend if it's nice out!Only open til ~3 so get there early(ish).
5	Beautiful restaurant at the Wynn. We went for brunch during the week. The outside patio was closed, but I can't wait to go back and sit there. The ambiance was beautiful, very relaxing and tasteful decor. The food was delicious. I ordered a chicken burger which was cooked very well per my request. The french fries were my favorite. My friends ordered salad and an egg sandwich and a BLT. Needless to say I tried everything and loved everything.
3	I've been here for brunch a few times. The service in my most recent visit was particularly good, our waitress was hilarious and seemed to really enjoy her job. The food is nothing to get excited about, but they do have an all day brunch menu so you can get pancakes after your 4pm nap :).
4	Wonderful atmosphere and even better food. My girlfriend and I are strict vegetarians.  Our veggie patty sliders and  artichoke and spinach cashew dip were delicious. I would definitely recommend this place and will surely be returning!
5	Service In All Its Fabulous Food In All Its Glory. -YELPA!Where else can you get the best waffle in the world ( in my opinion ) then Terrace Pointe Cafe at the Wynn.Whenever I am in town I make my way to Terrace Pointe Cafe its not only because the ambiance is sunny and spacious with beautiful views of the pool and garden that creates a relaxing environment to dine but their Belgian Waffles are divine!The waffles are cooked impeccably; its crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. I usually have them add the bacon to inside the waffle and serve it with whip cream and fresh sweet cut strawberries. Yet depending on my mood and appetite I also sometimes order it with fried chicken and eggs which they serve with a Cajun syrup and I always order a pitcher of the Palmers Peach Tea ( alcoholic beverage, simply delicious ).
3	Not as good as the Bellagio but I'm very prejudice for the Bellagio as that is still my favorite casino EVER after living in LV for 10 years.See if you can get a seat poolside but they don't tend to open that up unless they really need the seating.
4	Vegan burger and fries with a vegan milkshake???  I want!!!The Wynn has proven to be among one of the best places in Vegas for vegans to enjoy both fine and casual dining at one of its many restaurants, Terrace Point Cafe at the Wynn did not disappoint.  My first recommendation is to request outdoor seating on the patio, how relaxing!  Once seated, request the vegan menu if you're vegan, there are several options for you.  I began my meal with the most amazing appetizer I've had veganized in my life, the spinach artichoke dip - oh how I've missed this dip!  I would say that the dip alone is worth 5 stars and had I known how amazing it was I would have ordered two (and...um...possibly three...it's OK to be a little piggy on vacation, right???) in lieu of an entree.  Then came my much anticipated vegan burger, fries, and milkshake.  I think I mostly enjoyed the novelty of it more than anything, I mean it's pretty rare to get a vegan burger, fries, AND a milkshake anywhere - it even came in a box reminiscent of a fast-food meal.  But overall, I felt the burger was a little boring, it wouldn't hurt if they updated it as I'm sure one of their fancy-pants chefs could come up with something unique/interesting.  The milkshake was made with coconut milk and would have been better off having been made with soy or almond milk as the coconut flavor was overpowering.  So as far as the burger and fries, I don't regret ordering the entree as I enjoyed the novelty of it, however I wouldn't order it again unless they update the burger.  Overall we had a great time, great atmosphere, and pretty fantastic spinach and artichoke dip!
4	Definitely a great alternative if you don't want to wait in that horrendous buffet line! I came here twice for breakfast and lunch. All the types of omelettes on their menu are promising, promise. The chicken and waffles dish is a great way to start off the day. The waffles are crisp and buttery lying beneath a juicy fried piece of chicken. Dip in sauce and you're set. The wait isn't too bad, but it will get crowded during peak breakfast and lunch hours. My only complaint is the slow service. It's hard to catch a waiter's eye at times, but when they do finally see you, they make sure you're satisfied. I love the ambience and love the decor. It's a fun spunky twist to a classic breakfast joint.
4	Love that they have a vegan menu! The veggie salad was delicious and so are their fries! Great place to come have brunch if you are in Vegas. Lots of choices to pick from! You can enjoy your lunch outside on the terrace by the pool!
2	Food is served cold.Slowest freaking service in the world. Took 20 minutes to pay.Also, how hard is it to make a latte?!
4	I previously had a pretty good experience here, but my Saturday brunch last weekend blew that out of the water! VEGAN CHICKEN AND WAFFLES, SON! And how!  Wow.  I was just super impressed by the super crunchy crispy fried Gardein "chicken" and by the just-the-right-amount of crispness and puffiness of the scallion waffle.  And the two together? Heaven.  At $20 it probably should be, amirite? but totes worth it. The BF got vegan French toast, which was good; but meh- I've never really gone gaga for French toast.  The Gardein sausage was also super good (serving = two large patties, $4).  The homefries ($4) were tasty but a little cold and hard.Rivaling my astounding entree was the VEGAN brownie brulee banana split.  W. T. F. ?? Imagine caramelized bananas with housemade chocolate vegan ice cream, caramel sauce and crispy rice crunchy bits all over a decadent brownie.  Now tell me you don't have a tummy boner for that?!  This is the kind of dessert that  could end relationships if someone takes more than their share; but fortunately, the BF knows his place.   Service was a little slow, but otherwise a lovely experience.   The Wynn organization continues to impress me with their vegan options, and I will continue to pay way too much money for brunch when the food is this good.
4	Vegetarian Menu is pretty awesome!I have always really liked the Terrace Pointe Cafe. I have been dining here during the Summer months for years, and sometimes during the not so warm months if I am at Wynn for an event or a show. The Cafe sits overlooking the Wynn pool and is a nice view when the weather is warm ;) Here is the thing..it's a cafe. Simple, but elegant in it's styling. Used to be 24 hours, but now only into late night I believe. I have always been a fan. You can get everything from a burger and fries to a Vegetarian menu option of a burger and fries. I have had their 'veggie burger' and fries served with a cashew milk-chocolate shake and really enjoyed it. it's comfortable, and clean, and the food is made well and tastes good. Sure it's not your most typically priced 24 hour, but you are on a 5 star property and the food is comparable to the price point. That being said, it's usually about $40 each when I have dined at Terrace Point, but we have a few drinks, appetizers, dinner.. it's all good and not too much more than I would spend at any other cafe around Vegas. Th atmosphere is relaxed with comfortable seating and they have good food and a full bar. For that I'm In! Check it out!
5	For 25 years I refused to stop in Las Vegas.  Then I read about the vegan options at all the Wynn/Encore restaurants - and decided to make a special stop during a recent vacation in the Southwestern US.   The Terrace Point was the first Wynn/Encore restaurant I tried, during a quick lunch stop at the beginning of my vacation.  The reviews I'd read before departure did not lie - this is a tasteful casino; the vegan food is outstanding, and all the staff enthusiastically promote it.  I liked it so much I decided to stop back at the Wynn/Encore complex for a night (and two more meals) on the way back home at the end of my vacation. Will definitely make this a destination, not just a stopover, for future vacations!
5	Another great Wynn restaurant, with views of the pool, quick service, & vegetarian food. We had the $9 veggieburger, fries & shake option which was a bargain.
4	I had breakfast here on my last day in Vegas and I really enjoyed it.  I got the omelett and pancakes and pretty good for Vegas price.  I also enjoyed the atmosphere as well.  It also has a great view, which you can't complain.  I'd recommend here for anybody who wants to have a relaxing breakfast with descent food (without crazy large portions)
5	We had breakfast here on our last day in Vegas before golf. It was perfect. After days of treating out bodies like amusement parks, we needed something comfortable, home like and delicious. Fast service (even though it was slam packed busy), hot food, prompt drink refills and inexpensive. Perfect breakfast/brunch spot! Gee I love the Wynn.
5	yum yum yum!In the 3 days I was here I had breakfast here twice and I wasn't even staying at the Wynn. The food here is amazing. Fiance got the lobster benedict which is a heart attack on a plate, perfect! I had the vegetable omelette and eggs benedict on another occasion, I did like the benedict more than the omelette only because the vegetable weren't mixed in and the flavors weren't melded. The coffee here is high quality. i did get a coconut shake here which I read on someone else's review as being really good and I thought it was good, but nothing to write about. Tip: ask for free biscuits! there are a maple glaze and fresh out of the oven yum !!!outside seating if you can is a must because it overlooks pool area and its very fun to people watch.
5	Great food, nice and open where you can see the pool and outside patio.  The staff was wonderful.  I got Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos the first day and the second day I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass.  Both dishes were out of this world.  Actually going to change from a 4 star to a 5 star because I have no complaints and went 2 times while in Vegas one night.  Oh and the salsa and homemade guacamole is worth the price of admission.Highly suggest for lunch.
5	Thank goodness Steve Wynn is a vegan! My favorite restaurant in LV now!
3	I would give this 2 stars, but the view and the decor is top notch. It's basically overpriced food. Some portions are small, but others are big yet flavorless. I ordered off the specials menu. Got the shrimp po'boy (see picture). It was a large sandwich I must say, but however it was pretty bland and dry. Could've used some sort of sauce or something to get the pieces of fried breaded shrimp down. The shrimp used however was very big. That I do give them, but they also served it on a plank. Not the most practical of serving dishes. It was very difficult to eat on. All the crumbs kept falling off my plank and into my lap. Not a cute look.Overall, beautiful restaurant, but wouldn't come back.
3	We had a very nice meal at The Terrace Pointe Cafe at the Wynn had, but not as good as the meal at Cafe Society at the Encore.  I think it should have been better and memorable given the price point.  So, I would say 3.5 stars, but I rounded down due to lack of follow-up service.Hosting - 4Friendly &  polite.Service - 3Professional, but lacking follow-up.  We were not offered timely refills or even a "How's it going?" until the end of our meal.Food - 3.5Very good.  Had the chicken & waffles with their own spicy maple syrup.  Good crispy waffle, but the chicken was pretty dry and flavorless.  My partner had the eggs & sausage.  They were light & fluffy, but nothing to write home about.Decor - 4Very Wynn-like tasteful and pretty.  The seats and couches were very comfortable and luxurious.I've previously eaten here at The Terrace Pointe Cafe and had better food & service.  But, it is an oasis from all the hustle & bustle of Vegas.  Also, the lobby is worth the walk thru.
4	Upon arriving around 1:30pm, we were seated rather quickly as there was no wait. We sat inside since outside was really hot during the summer time. Has a beautiful view of the pool and as Carol S. said, you are paying for the view. Our waiter was very hospitable and attentive, answered all our questions especially letting us know that the portions of the food are on the smaller side. We also liked the decor and even noticed the details of the carpet.We all ordered the 2 half portion sandwich and 1 side combo for $18, I guess that's a decent price for Vegas standards. Portions are like gourmet truck sizes and the food isn't half bad. We were hungry so I ate everything off my plate. I had a vegetable with hummus and pita bread sandwich, the chicken salad apple sandwich, and a side of chicken noodle soup.
4	THANK GOD for Terrace Pointe Cafe and the ability to sit at the bar.  We stayed at the Wynn for the first time, and on both Saturday and Sunday, we visited this place to have a solid meal, the ability to watch the Olympics on TV, in air conditioning, and without having to wait in the extensive line for a table.  The terrace part of the restaurant looked nice, but to be honest, at 11am on a Vegas sunny day, this really didn't appeal to me.  We were given the bar option, since a table would mean we'd have to wait for about 20 minutes.  After sitting down, we both ordered the sangrias from Peggy the bartender, and put in orders for strawberry pancakes (Greg) and Bacon Avocado Omelette (me).  The drinks came up pretty quick, and when the food arrived it looked heavenly.  Bacon, avocado, and eggs are my favorite combo in an omelette, and when I cut into it, the whole thing was spilling out bacon bits (held off on the cheese that comes with it).  The whole thing was completely delicious and I had just enough room to sample some of Greg's pancakes.  As someone who typically avoids heavy breakfast, I would consider ordering this next time.  Those pancakes were outstanding and even baked in the strawberries rather than using it as a garnish.  The second day we came here, we had lunch since breakfast was over.  Greg had the BBQ Bacon Burger and I had the lunch combo with the Asian Chicken Salad, BLT, and a side of potato chips.  Out all of the items, I thought the salad was the best.  The BLT was the perfect combo size, and I really didn't need the chips but it was nice to have the option.  I opted for a mimosa and Greg had a mojito.  Again, another solid meal at Terrace Pointe.  Greg and I are expecting to try and come back and stay at the Wynn, and we'll definitely be stopping back in to Terrance Pointe!
3	Terrace Pointe Cafe is a classic case of Las Vegas Good-Not-Great...and honestly, for the price, I was expecting GREAT, like fireworks. We were a big group and wanted to sit inside due to the heat, so we did have to wait 5-10 minutes, which was totally fine. It took them a little while to take our order and bring coffee/water, but that was fine too. I ordered the Double Down with the Mini Baguette French Toast with bacon, two eggs any style (I got scrambled), and a side of fruit. For the price, I actually got a decent amount of food...well, I would've if they remembered my bacon :'( The baguette french toast was pretty disappointing as the bread tasted stale and was also very dry (they neglected to bring out syrup). The eggs were scrambled nicely and the fresh fruit was incredible. Coffee was also delicious.Service wasn't great, but unfortunately, we had a diner in our party that liked to be demanding and rude to waitstaff...so yeah, won't fault ANY restaurant we went to for service because this diner was so high maintenance...The waiter got everyone else's order correct except for mine, which I applaud due to the gazillion customizations made (no bun, no mushrooms, add fruit, no meat, etc etc).There are a TON of options at Terrace Pointe Cafe and that is why I'd go back--as Vegas often includes big dining parties, this place is perfect because people can really get whatever they want.
4	Cool cafe that overlooks the pool. Perfect for brunch, they serve breakfast all day, you just have to ask. Also if you're vegetarian they have a whole separate menu for you as well. I came here twice in one weekend. Sampled a bunch of stuff and was happy with everything, here's what I recommend: -Belgian waffle with strawberries-Chicken and waffles-Omelets/eggs/ the breakfast special The only major, major tip I have is do not sit in the sun. It will burn even with the misters they have
5	Food is amazing for breakfast or lunch. If the weather is nice sit outside, under an umbrella, and admire the views of the pool. Meals are around $20Chopped Salad with shrimp was very tasty!
3	I had this place bookmarked for the vegan chicken and waffles, and the meal lived up to the hype. Sometimes dishes are "good for being vegan", but this was just plain yummy no matter what. I really liked the scallions in the waffles and the regular and spicy maple syrup on the side. My husband was less impressed with his steak salad because it was very light on the steak. He polished off my vegan meal for me.Service was fine through the meal, but I was so put out when the server presented our check without asking if we wanted anything else (we were really jonesing for some cappuccinos). I wish the server would have just been honest and said, "It's 3pm, my shift is over so get the hell out of here."
4	This is a great breakfast spot if you don't mind spending some cash. A beverage and decent meal will run you about 30$ per person, which is a lot for breakfast considering the breakfast buffet is only 19$ and that is all you can eat. The view is gorgeous and it is nice to sit on the terrace where you can get some fresh air. We ordered the chocolate chip pancakes with some strawberries and the avacado bacon omlette. The pancakes were the best ive ever had. It was delicious and I would return.
3	We stayed at Trump but used the courtesy shuttle to come here for breakfast. Made a reservation for table but ended up waiting 5 minutes for a table outside on the terrace overlooking the Wynn pool. Make sure you get the table outside, it's worth the wait!Breakfast is nothing special here but for around $20 per person they give you plenty of food. Classic breakfast with scrambled eggs and chicken apple sausage is huge. My friend had a double down with mini French toasts and sausage and eggs. Service was very attentive. Waitress checked on us frequently and refilled my coffee, which was in thermis. A wonderful place for breakfast if you like quiet. Consider all breakfasts on the Strip cost at least $15, it's isn't bad here.
5	Expensive and Delicious. If I'm shelling out a lot of money I expect the service and quality that goes along with it. And man, was that a damn good breakfast. Chicken and Waffles were amazing, Truffle Parmesan Fries were heavenly.This was my first time at The Wynn, and the first time I actually enjoyed Vegas! Everything is made in house, and you can tell. I absolutely recommend everything about this restaurant, including the hotel it is in!
5	Love this cafe. Great outdoor seating with a view of the Wynn pool. Friendly staff. The food is really good. My favorite is the angus burger but it doesn't come with fries! Definitely order it though because they are delicious.Highly recommended! It should have a higher rating than 3.5 IMO.
2	What a HUGE disappointment. Came in a party of 18 and seated promptly. The service was impeccable and my good buddy who was celebrating his birthday had made it a annual bday brunch spot for the last couple of years. He highly recommended the lobster benedict saying it had blown his mind the first time. I don't take his recommendations lightly either, he has a refined taste pallet hah.We literally had half our party order lobster benedict expecting the world because it sure as hell sounded great. Upon receiving my dish I was starved and surely thought anything that tasted semi decent would satisfy me. Boy was I wrong. The egg was COOKED through and the yoke did not break and ooze out as a proper benedict should. The piece of bacon served on top and I quote from a friend tasted like "ASS". This is bacon we are talking about, how hard is it to mess up bacon!? Instead of a typical english muffin or some sort of bread the benedict was served on hash browns and the textures did not blend well at all. I could go on and on about how the dish conceptually and flavor wise went wrong. Bottom line it was a big FAIL. We asked if the chef changed recently and the waiter confirmed that there was a change in the chef. Bring back the talent please. The ambiance and service was great, but if you can't get the food right you could have ambiance and service for days and it won't matter at all.
5	I came here on a Sunday morn around 10am and it only took us about 10 min to be seated with a group of 4. My husband ordered the pulled pork benedict and I ordered the lobster benedict along with a mimosa and sangria and it was amazing! It was rich in taste and something I had never seen on a breakfast menu. will definitely be returning on my next trip!
3	The restaurant is beautiful as is the rest of the Wynn.  We came here on a recommendation from my bf's parents.  We sat at one of the sofa tables which was pretty cool.  I ordered the double down breakfast with the pancakes and corned beef hash and it came with hash browns.  My bf got it with an omlet and corned beef hash.  We both loved the corned beef hash.  It was actual corned beef chunks of meat.  I was not impressed witht the hash brown.  It was too undercooked in the middle.  The pancakes were tasty but a little too heavy.  Our friend ordered a blueberry muffin with his breakfast and he said it was not as good as Marie Callendar's muffins.We had also eaten at the Wynn buffet on this trip and for $5 more than Terrace Pointe you can eat at the buffet which is the same high quality food but obviously all you want of a big selection.
4	Excellent breakfast with a great view of the pools but the bloody Mary's are a little on the skimpy side.
5	Amazing! Been here 3 times and it never disappoints. Best lunch spot at the wynn.Crab, lobster, shrimp club sandwich...amazing, fries...amazing, fresh juice...amazing. honestly everything is awesome here! I can't wait to go back.
2	Very slow and incompetent staff. Food is okay, nothing special. I would definitely avoid this place next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Such a fabulous place to eat breakfast/brunch.  It can get packed, so try to get a table as soon as you can.  I am absolutely obsessed with their omelet that has goat cheese on it.  For some reason I can't remember the name, but I literally have dreams about it every now and then.  It's a hotel restaurant, so it's going to be pricey, but I definitely prefer this any day over paying $30+for a buffet of food that I don't eat.
5	Just returned from a couple days in Vegas and got a chance to sample some of the vegan dishes at the Wynn - they're seriously TDF, but really go here. Get the vegan chick'n and waffles. Amaaaazing...I didn't know what to do with myself. The setting is beautiful, service was delightful, and food was amazing.I told my boyfriend that we will from now on, always have to stay at Wynn or Encore.Thanks for the vegan dishes!
4	This place was amazing for breakfast...sitting outside near the pool  was cool also they have a nice inside area. Looking forward to visiting again if I stay at the Encore again.
5	The wife and I were at the Wynn for the weekend, and had an early start on Saturday.  We wanted a small, quick bite to eat....and being a Vegas veteran, I was pretty sure we were looking at $60+ if we stayed in the resort.  In making a move to go across the street, we stumbled on the Terrance Pointe Cafe, inside the Wynn.  We checked out the menu, and I was floored at the reasonable pricing...The wife and I both ordered eggs and bacon...$8 for the breakfast!  The eggs were excellent, the bacon was cooked the way we liked it - the coffee kept coming, and they even had Cholula's...wow!Gotta give them a thumbs up.  Great food, great service, and unbelievable pricing (for a Vegas resort).
4	Excellent, excellent dishes!!! My friends and I went their for lunch and it was one of the more memorable tasty places I've been in Vegas. To start us off,  we got the gauc and chips. The gauc was really fresh and a big hit at the table. We also got something with bits of fresh tuna and scallions glazed in o&o and citrus to be put on air crisped chips. I had the lobster and crab sliders along with the tomato bisque soup. The sandwich had big chunks of meat with a light mayo sauce mixture. The one thing I didn't like about the sandwich though was the extra third bread they added. (To much bread) I tried my friend's steak salad to which everything came fresh and the steak being tender and seared to a pink finish. I also tried the spaghetti bolognese. Thinking it would just taste like any bolognese, I was surprised to how different it was and it was pretty damn good as well. And they didn't overcook the pasta. I recommend sitting on the patio for a relaxing experience but make sure you have your shades. I definitely will be going back!
5	We dined here last weekend whilst staying at the Wynn.We went for lunch one day and brunch another day.The first day my husband had the burger and I had the spinach chicken wrap, both were amazing, and we shared a side of parmesan truffle fries - the name says it all - they were so so good.Brunch - I had chicken and waffles and my husband had the salad, this time we sat out on the terrace by the pool as the weather was amazing, both meals were amazing again. The staff here were super friendly and helpful on both occasions, the second time it was really busy but our food came out in a timely manner and our drinks were always kept topped up (or else this would have been an automatic 1 star removal review!)I really wanted to try the banana split (something I haven't had since a kid), but each time I was too full :( I guess that means I will have to go back there again
5	By far the best hash browns. Crispy and buttery.  Great place for breakfast.
4	We live in Las Vegas. Terrace Point Cafe was a nice addition to the Vegas dining choices. My girls, ages 19 and 20, are vegan and so am I.Needless to say, it is pretty hard to find a vegan diner in Vegas. {We love cooking anyway}. It is always a special occasion that takes us to Wynn. Basically The Cafe is a place where diner eats meets Wynn service. My girls loved the burger, fries and a milkshake meal. I tried the Chicken and waffles for a change from the salads I usually order when dining out. Pure Deliciousness!Being a Vegan and ordering these items is very weird. Nonetheless, we ordered and were very happy when the server swore that all items are guaranteed vegan. The interior is fresh and inviting. We sat indoors because it was afternoon and the sun was a bit warm for our attire. The outside seating area seemed nice but not for this visit. I recommend this place and so do my daughters.
3	A little disappointed:( Went back this weekend and dined here again for lunch. Would give this last visit 3.5 stars.Ani tuna tartare appetizer was completely flavorless and was served with some rice cake crackers that were not appetizing in the least. PASS for sure.Had the mahi mahi grilled fish sandwich for entree which was good, not great. Service was a bit slow. You cannot beat the location of the restaurant though; sat outside on the patio, overlooking the pool and enjoyed the beautiful weather.Overall decent, but should be better considering the prices.
4	For the price/food/vegas ratio, this place gets 4 stars. Beautiful and relaxed interior, outside seating by the pool was very nice. Friendly staff. The lunch meals were an average of $16 which for Vegas is SO cheap. The food was very very good. I had the Thai Chicken salad which was huge for $15 and tasted great. Nice flavor, moist chicken, good shredded greens and carrots and overall a very delicious salad. My friends chicken quesadilla was amazing. It wasn't your regular flat boring quesadilla. It was different tortilla dough, fried, with gooey cheesy chicken amazingness inside. The turkey burger was good as well. They had gluten free options. I will go here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	We stayed at Wynn last week.  One of the days, we had lunch here and on our last day we had breakfast.Lunch: Chinese Chicken Salad with Iced Tea - very good and slightly spicy.            Vegan Sliders - my husband loved itBreakfast: Peach Bellini - Yummy                 Main Lobster Benedict - Delicious with a huge portion of Lobster pieces.                 Garden Vegetable Omelet - My Honey loved it!                 Coffee and Orange Juice - both were excellent!The service and the food were great!  We had lunch inside and it was beautifully decorated.  We were lucky that there was a table available for breakfast outside by the pools.  It was beautiful and the weather was perfect.Special Note for VEGANS:  Steve Wynn has become a Vegan and his restaurants now offer a Vegan menu.  The few things we tried were delicious!Looking forward to coming back!
3	It gets 3 stars since the place is nice, eat outside if you can and you will find about the only peaceful place at both the Wynn and Encore to eat and read the morning paper.  I ate here twice.  Had so so omlet first time but excellent plain poached eggs the second time and service was just right.  If you are from the east rise early and grab an outdoor table for peace.
3	It was tough to find a casual sit down breakfast option at the Wynn or at Encore, where I was staying.  I ended up at the Terrace Pointe Cafe. As a "party of one" the hostess suggested I might be most comfortable sitting at the bar, presumably because there was a wait for two-tops. I was in a hurry so I said ok. I wanted a Benedict but the only two on the menu were a lobster version and one with pulled pork, so I passed. I ended up ordering a bagel and cream cheese and a Greek yogurt with berries and granola. First there was some confusion among the bartenders about the bagel, which I wouldn't have known if they hadn't each asked me if the other was getting my bagel. Then when it came it was burned. It would have been crappy even if it weren't blackened - is this bagel seriously the best available in Las Vegas?  It has to be, right, because if there were a better bagel I would think Mr. Wynn would have found it, right?  The saving grace was the cream cheese, which was definitely not from a tub. The yogurt with berries and granola was better but it was way too big, probably to justify the $14 price. Seriously, y'all?  For yogurt and a couple dozen berries?  It had blueberries, blackberries and strawberries over some bland yogurt - I asked for vanilla but I think I got plain.  The star of this dish was some seriously amazing granola, which I'm told they roast fresh every day. High prices but with some nice elements and a pretty setting.  I'd go back.
5	This cafe is truly beautiful. I love that they had a full vegan menu, while a little pricey for most items on the menu, the food was really delicious. The service was great and the server was very knowledgeable in answering our questions.
5	This is the Wynn so you expect everything to be of a high standard and Terrace Pointe Cafe doesn't disappoint.  For starters I strongly recommend the $20/glass bottomless mimosas that are refilled frequently.  This isn't a huge menu but it has all you need for a great lunch or brunch with variety for half sandwiches and soups or salads.  I had the tuna sandwich that was just the right size and a generous bowl of fresh fruit.  As an appetizer we shared the chips with guacamole and salsa along with the tuna poke all were more than satisfying.  One thing I love about all Wynn properties are the vegan options that my brunch mates enjoyed and I did as well for a vegan banana split.  I would recommend waiting for outdoor seating on a nice day and the service is great as expected without anyone trying to rush you off as you enjoy your food and the weather/view.
4	This is a lunch cafe located in the Wynn. I have eaten here several times and have not been disappointed. We had the Asian poke salad, the lobster and crab salad, the Asian chicken salad and the quesadillas. All were very good!  The sangria is excellent and cheaper if you order the entire carafe.  Please ask the waiter's opinion on food. We had one steer us away from the vegetable sandwich. Overall, this is a great lunch spot.
3	Food was great, but DO NOT sit outside. Bird shit everywhere and you have to duck flying pigeons for the entire meal. More than a little annoying. Service was friendly, but largely absent. Chicken and waffles were incredible, though.
2	Stay indoors!  While it may seem like a nice idea to actually have breakfast on the outdoor terrace in the nice weather and overlooking the Wynn pool, I would strongly recommend against it on account of a serious problem the outdoor portion of the restaurant has with birds, specifically the fairly aggressive--and hungry--great-tailed grackles.  The grackles will perch themselves on top of the umbrellas and then come down any opportunity they get to pick at leftovers or stacks of cleared plates.  It is pretty unappetizing to watch as five of these birds fly down to the table next to you and pick at whatever they can get.  After I requested to be moved inside, they turned on the mist machines, which seemed to help temporarily but, sure enough, the birds returned undeterred.  And if you must dine outside, by no means leave your table temporarily unattended.  Get one of the waitstaff to watch over your food if you have to, or else you may return to find your food having been picked at by these rats with wings.That all said, once I moved indoors, breakfast was okay.  The Croissant was decent and very fluffy, though not particularly fresh.  These are the same croissants they serve for breakfast in packages throughout the hotel.  The Eggs Benedict Trio was decent: a standard Eggs Benedict, together with a lobster version served on a quarter Belgian waffle and a pork one on a pepper-jack biscuit with Jalapeno hollandaise.  The pork one was probably the best of the trio.
5	The service is good, the food is quite good. It's a very relaxing room, and the decor is nice. No complaints there.Ham and Cheese Sandwich (and Tomato Bisque): This was excellent, especially for the price. The bisque is tasty, and the almond cream really comes out in it. 8.5/10.S'mores Shake: Just amazing. Get this. 9.5/10.Truffle Fries: Again, just amazing. Get an order of these. 9.5/10.It's reasonable and delicious. Definitely check it out if you're in the area.
4	$40 was steep for our lunch as we awaited our suite to be ready. Killed some time here and was rather surprised by how good the chopped salad was!!!!! So, so good, with uber fresh ingredients, like celery, fresh peas, lettuce, bright and flavorful!!! There was chicken, and some fresh herbs, and at least 4 other ingredients. loved the light dressing as well. Fresh taco-like shell that has the texture of Chinese shrimp chips, with sesame seeds embedded in it. Salad was about $16Disappointing was a $4 cup of nasty, non crispy, flabby fries that accompanied a French size grilled Mahi Mahi sandwich in chipotle sauce. Good, but def not worth $17.Hey, it's Vegas, y'know?Get that salad. AMAZING AMAZINGSet along the side of the Wynn pool.
3	Bonus points up front - After a very nice lunch at the Cafe we returned for brunch the next day! Yes, it was a nice oasis from the Wynn buffet line (which was too long to bother with - it looked like something from Disney).  Lunch was inside (very comfortable, excellent service) and Brunch was outside (Hot in June despite misters) and the other reviews mentioning the Grackle Birds are correct - but it was not a big deal.Food on both days was very good and reasonably priced (for Vegas).  Lunch was the Shrimp, Crab and Lobster Club that was fresh and very satisfying!  Brunch was the Benedict "Sampler" that allowed a mix and match of Lobster, Pork Belly or Canadian Bacon.  I opted for 2 lobsters and a belly.  It was a very nice sized portion and plenty of lobster was included.  My daughter got a red velvet pancake that was enormous (only order 1!) and delish.The atmosphere is really relaxing and we would go back anytime.
4	7/4, 7/6/13  BreakfastI made a point to not dine at the bland and pretentious Society Cafe at Encore again since my last visit to Vegas. Terrace Pointe is Wynn's counterpart (table service, higher end) minus all that Iron Chef hype. What I like most is the outdoor dining patio overlooking the Wynn pool. The dining room is very spacious with high ceiling and a full bar. They do have a strict dress code IN THE DINING ROOM: no tank top for men (which I brazenly perpetrated on an 115F day) and no sheer cover-up for ladies. I care less because I come for the patio.We made two visits this 4th of July weekend for breakfast; both service and food were distinctive. Like I mentioned in my review of Peppermill Lounge, prices are steep in Vegas unlike you do the food court plastic tray thing. Terrace Pointe is actually very reasonable consider you can very good service in a fine decor.*Oatmeal ($14): with sliced banana, raspberries, blackberries, walnuts, raisins all in separate mini cups. The perfect healthy option to begin the day. My companions also had mini morning buns.*Brioche French Toast ($16): I surrendered to my long craving. This is some of the best French toast I've had. Dipped in egg and cinnamon batter, with candied walnuts, caramerlized banana and toffee brittle. The toffee is too sweet and is not my thing. I peeled off the caramel off my banana. French toast itself is excellent. *Huevos Rancheros on Skillet ($17): fluffy scrambled egg on a bed of refried beans. I don't remember this item from last time. My companion said it was tasty.*Pancakes and Eggs ($17): their pancakes are too thick to my preference, but crispy and not chewy. Bacons crispy and scrambled eggs are far better than Peppermill and other breakfast joints around the strip. *Classic Breakfast ($17): three eggs any style, in my case scrambled, with bacon or sausage. Apple chicken sausage is better than Peppermill and Society Cafe. Potato are thinly sliced and roasted, almost like warm potato chips!I notice this time that they no longer offer the Double Down Breakfast which allows you to choose any two breakfast items for $18. Inflation?Overall verdict: The perfect breakfast spot if you want a relaxing, quiet, and beautiful environment with great service. That it's in the Wynn suggests the clientele is more polished. Sometimes I come in here and just read over coffee, which is served in a thermal, before I order food. They just leave me alone. It's my staple breakfast joint in Vegas.They don't take reservation so get there early on holidays.
5	Located in the Wynn casino, this was a nice alternative choice to eat at instead of The Buffet (which is very delicious but maybe you aren't quite that hungry) or Society Cafe. What drew us to Terrance Pointe was that it was low key and had a pretty decent menu with good variety.With a choice to sit inside or outside with a view of the pool, the wait for our group was not that long, especially since the guys in our group didn't feel like wearing shirts with sleeves. The indoor dining room requires that guys have sleeves, if you don't, they will just sit you outside under one of the giant umbrellas on the patio. There were 5 of us and we ordered various delicious breakfast/ brunch things like the Pulled Pork Eggs Benedict, Omelet with truffle, pancakes and the favorite, Steak and Eggs. My portion of (original) Eggs Benedict was so large, I was able to take some back to my room to enjoy later. Our waitress was really friendly and made great suggestions if we were in between choices. Overall, our brunch was pretty quiet because we were so busy chomping on our delicious meal. Needless to say, we all left feeling pretty satisfied!  It was a lovely and relaxing way to enjoy a nice brunch before preparing to rage on at EDC. Surprisingly the bill wasn't too expensive, especially for Wynn. I would love to come back and have another quiet and relaxing brunch on The Strip.
5	Two words. Chicken & Waffles ( is that 3 words?). Highly recommend the cafe for a great Breakfast.
4	"What does Steve get?"While dining at Red 8 (another Wynn establishment), a server told us that if you ask this question at any restaurant at the Wynn, they will tell you what Mr. Wynn's favorite menu selections are. Or, at least what the vegan options are (he happens to be vegan).Our server didn't know.No matter. All of the restaurants at the Wynn have separate vegetarian menus, and that's what we ordered from. I couldn't resist the chicken and waffles and my wife had to go for the famous $9 burger, fries, and shake deal.While we waited, we took in the atmosphere. It was way too hot to eat on the patio, but that seems to be the main attraction.Even if you're an omnivore like me, I recommend checking out the vegetarian menu. I had never seen vegan "chick'n" and waffles before, and other diners near us were fascinated when our orders were brought out. Also, the chicken and waffles were damned good. This is an example of mock meat that could possibly fool someone. The scallion waffles came with regular as well as spicy syrup, and vegan "butter" (Earth Balance?) My wife's cheeseburger was a Gardein burger with Daiya cheese, ketchup, mustard, and pickles designed to replicate similar fare from the Golden Arches, and it came pretty close. The only flaw, strangely, was the bun, which didn't quite have the proper look and taste. I still liked it. The fries were probably made without all of the 17 ingredients that go into Mickey D's fries:http://nutrition.mcdonalds.com/getnutrition/ingredientslist.pdfThe non-dairy chocolate shake was quite tasty too. All told, not a bad deal for $9. It's worth a try, but I don't know the value offset that of my $20 meal.The Wynn probably has better options whether or not you eat meat, but we definitely enjoyed our meals, and we are really glad that they can accommodate special diets, including gluten-free.Thanks, Steve!
4	Valentin and staff excellent. Great for a late breakfast.
5	Service is good.  Food is great!!  It is a little pricey though.
4	Solid choice for a 'casual' meal, Wynn-style, which means it still feels like a nicer restaurant, great service, tasty food, and view of the pool. And while the menu states Breakfast 'til 11am, they'll serve breakfast on request all day, score!French Toast Brioche with Cap'n Crunch crust - freaking loved this dish, and not as sweet as it sounds, which made it even better. You choose between Cap'n, Frosted Flakes, or Granola for the crust, but it's really lightly battered on. The brioche is so soft and there's a little fruit on top to mix-in. Garden Frittata - the healthy nature of this egg white + lots of veggies omelet stood in stark contrast to the decadent French Toast. I think it could have used more flavor, required Tabasco sauce, so I'd probably opt for a different omelet next time.The portions are manageable, but we ordered and split these two dishes, which was a good way to achieve a sweet and savory breakfast meal.
2	I heard a lot of raves about this place! Especially since a shirt is required to even dine here, it must be good right? Based on recommendations that the maine lobster eggs benedict was amazing, I was beyond excited to order it. Thankfully I split it with a friend. Not because it was a huge portion, but because it was just not good. How can it be a benedict without an english muffin? It was on a dry waffle for goodness sake! The over cooked lobster sadly, was tough & chewy. It must have been from last night's leftover. The weird corn succotash that accompanied the dish was random, and this dish completely lacked cohesiveness and flavor. I'm so disappointed but glad I at least had fresh squeezed orange juice. This place is over rated
3	The view is very pretty if you sent out on the patio. It's right by the Wynn's pool and I guess it could be kind of awkward watching people swim as you eat, but hey the view of the pool is pretty! The only bad thing is that there are these black birds flying over you and picking off the food leftover on the table. What we got:Benedict Trio ($24): it was your choice of either pulled pork, lobster, and traditional. You could pick one of each or pick whatever of the 3 you wanted. I ended up getting one of each just so I could try them all. Eggs were cooked perfectly for each of them, once you cut into them, the yolk started flowing out. For the pulled pork...pork was kind of hard and chewy which made it hard to cut. Lobster was pretty good, but left a bad aftertaste. The traditional was bland and didn't have much flavor to it. The hollandaise sauce on it tasted bland too and didn't do the dish any justice.Fried Chicken and Waffle ($20): I would have rather gotten this dish than any of the Benedicts. It came with a spicy maple syrup so it gave the waffle a nice kick to it with it being sweet and spicy. The chicken was perfectly fried and crunchy. I would totally get this dish again if I ever came back.Service:I forgot our servers name, but she was nice. She didn't come all that often and there were other people taking care of us and getting us things that we needed.
2	The weakest link at Wynn Las Vegas is Terrace Point Cafe without a doubt.  I will applaud the decor and overall atmosphere as excellent but the food quality and pricing isn't in line with one another.  I had an average/below average grilled chicken sandwich, requested raw onions to be added to the standard lettuce/tomato only to be charged an extra $3.00 for the raw onions.  I get that I am eating at a fantastic and expensive hotel...but that was annoying considering the sandwich wasn't worth half of the $16.00 it cost me, nor did I request grilled and/or caramelized onions...just raw.It is my understanding that breakfast is TPC's forte, and in fairness I did not try any breakfast selection, but I will admit the pancakes and waffles being served to other guests did look very good!The service was ok, definitely not up to the Wynn standard, so don't go there expecting much.  Honestly, you're much better off simply going to The Buffet and getting whatever you want instead of wasting your time here.
5	Sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful view of the pool and enjoy the best croissant you've ever had!
3	Review of dining experience:My party of 4 and I were seated promptly upon arrival. We ordered drinks  for starters and my friend had a long piece of hair in his water! Gross! We asked a worker to change the water and it took about 20 minutes before his new water came out. The other drinks were served within a reasonable time but it took forever just to get water! We probably asked a different waitress/hostess/busboy/supervisor a few times because we didn't know which one was our waitress. It was just water and not in the food so we forgot about it but I just realized that we weren't even offered a discount for an unenjoyable experience. Yes, no biggie for water but it would have been nice for a higher end cafe to offer something more than an embarrassed apology. Unprofessional for the setting but ohh well. Review of the vegan chickn with scallion waffles:It's pretty good! I ordered this just to try it. The chicken is like a big crispy chicken nugget... Maybe tofurkey? I'm a carnivore though so it wasn't the taste I was looking for that day. The scallion waffles (scallions are actually added in the batter!) are served with maple syrup and vegan butter. You don't really taste the scallions and its a good combination. I would definitely recommend this dish if you're vegetarian or vegan, but if ya love your chicken, the cost is the same for real chicken and waffles PLUS eggs! I kinda wished I got the breakfast non-vegan option with eggs instead. If you're a carnivore but want to taste a more affordable vegan dish, the veggie burger comes with fries and a chocolate shake for $9! I kinda wish I tried that instead.Review of the coffee:Worth it! The aroma, the strength, mmmm so worth it to wake you up.
5	Vegan heaven for my vegan friends!Chicken and waffles with spiced syrup is amazing. My friend had the vegan Chicken and waffles and loved it.  It tasted as divine (or maybe moreso?) than my non-vegan version! Vegan banana split?  Had to have it.  The chocolate ice cream is amazing...made with coconut milk.No reservations.  However, we went on Saturday AND Sunday and there was no wait around lunch time.  Staff is wonderful.  Actually, I'm about to call the Wynn and tell them how great the staff is!
5	I could have sat on this terrace all day and enjoyed the view...My friend and I came here for breakfast one morning before heading over to our convention.  Doesn't the need to earn a paycheck just ruin everything sometimes!?!  I mean, that's the only reason we left this cafe that felt like a little piece of heaven.  But then again, we were in Vegas for work so technically it's also the only reason we were there in the first place...So we came here for breakfast and sat outside for the fabulous view of the pool since we would be in air conditioning all day.  Comfy seating, breathtaking views of the Wynn property, friendly service from the moment we walked in the door, amazing food at pretty high - yet worth it prices and birds.  Lots and lots of birds trying to get in on the leftover action.  Yes...I certainly could have done without those birds.  But everything else outshines this, particularly the food!!I had the Asparagus & Truffle Omelet which was sinfully delicious and my friend had the Vegan French Toast.  Both delish!!  We also shared a "small" fruit cup since we saw others order the fruit plate which was beautifully presented but pretty large and definitely a meal on it's own.  Since the Vegan French Toast had tons of fresh strawberries on it and my omelet was served with not just hash browns but toast as well, we have more than enough food.  Had this place been open for dinner, we certainly would have come back!
2	Totally made a mistake eating here before our flight. We had to wait in a long line to get seated and the service was just soooooo slow that we really cut it so close in missing our flight back to LA. And I guess their breakfast menu ends early? We got seated around 11:30 and they didn't have any brunch or breakfast menus available anymore. Some places serve breakfast until 3pm. It's either we missed their cut or they just didn't gave us the breakfast/brunch menu.We ordered the Hawaiian Ahi Poke for appetizer and Chipotle Mahi Sandwich for two people to share.*Hawaiian Ahi Poke - It was fresh and pretty good and I liked how they used rice crackers (kinda same texture as prawn crackers) instead of chips. It was mildly spicy, which I like because it had a nice kick to it. I also enjoyed the seaweed salad on top of it and they were pretty generous with the avocado.* Chipotle Mahi Sandwich - The sandwich was meh, ok. It was actually more on the dry side and it was feat finishing my half of the sandwich. We opted for a side of fruits with our sandwich instead of fries or a side salad. That was a good idea since it was nice palette cleanser and it kinda served as a dessert.Our server was not that attentive at all and service could be better overall. I wish Wynn had a better selection of restaurants inside their hotel.
3	This is supposed to be one of the better places to have breakfast if you're staying at the Wynn. However, my experience here was pretty mediocre. I loved the outdoor patio with the great view of the pool but the food was pretty subpar. I tried the Brioche French Toast with Cap'N Crunch crusted toppings (other choices were Frosted Flakes or granola topping). The french toast was actually super dry and not very appetizing. I only took a few bites and couldn't eat the rest. I also tried a few bites of the bacon and avocado omelette which was a lot better than the french toast, but nothing amazing. Very standard and way overpriced. The worst part about this meal was all the birds!! Lots of nasty dirty looking black birds and pigeons kept coming near us, and eating food off of abandoned tables. We even saw a bird drinking out of the little pitcher of cream that they give to people with coffee. GROSSSSS. We told our server about it and apparently it happens all the time. I sure hope they replace the cream. Basically, there were things I really liked and really disliked about this place.The good: location, ambience, serviceThe bad: most of the food, the birds
5	Just perfect. Attentive servers, great view, superb food. We came in for breakfast, since we don't eat as much as we used to, so buffet would be a waste of money.I had an omelette, my wife had eggs and ham (delicious). Everything was cooked right, came on time. Coffee was great as well.Yes, it is pricey, but this is the Wynn, so it is to be expected.
5	The lox and bagel plate is fantastic.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  Plenty of ingredients to make your bagel as you prefer.  Great service.
5	I love, love going here for breakfast/lunch. The chicken noodle soup is one of the best I've ever had, and my friends adored the tomato soup (I'm not a big tomato fan). I got the pesto pasta for lunch. Delicious. The tomatoes were tangy and the chicken flavorful, and the pesto was just right. We ended the meal with coffee, and it really hit the spot. Our waiter was delightful and helpful. Overall, amazing experience.
3	Went to The Terrace at the Winn and had the eggs benedict trio even though the $24 price seems a little hjigh for vegas, but hey I'm on vacation and I guess it's not the old vegas anymore. I had one of each so I could try them all and the eggs were cooked perfectly.  Lobster was pretty good, but the pulled pork was definitely the best. The traditional was ok. The hollandaise sauce was good and overall it was just ok for an eggs benedict connoisseur like myself.  Once you add in the pricetag of $60 for people for breakfast it made it not worth it.  The view wasn't even that great unless you like looking at the pool. Wouldn't recommend.
1	I'm not in the business of giving a 1, but this experience deserved it. The meals: I ordered the Benedict trio w/o the hollandaise sauce and a side of hash browns. The Benedict came w hollandaise and the hash browns never came. The pork Benedict wasn't cooked and when the hash browns came (after I asked) it was a square hash brown, which tasted like a microwaveable hash brown. My brother is gluten free and he ordered an omelet, which was good, but the potatoes were over seasoned and flat. He did say the gluten free bread was better than most. Coffee was good. The cost: 2 breakfasts and coffee $70 including tip. The service: The service was terrible. We sat for 15 minutes with our plates empty before our waitress came back (of course without the check)There is an allergy menu for all, but go elsewhere.
3	Service is awesome (big ups to Autumn!), very quick. Food is ok, nothing special, not terrible but not much better than Denny's), and at Vegas prices.
5	Lobster eggs Benedict, enough said.
4	3.5 stars = Brunch on 8-11-13 Terrace Point Cafe is a gorgeous spot to brunch outside or in with views of the pool. There were a group of "fancy" women at the table next to us who could not stop complaining about the tiny little birds. Ummm, you're outside. Birds live outside. What do you expect? They were just looking for something to complain about.It was a warm day in Vegas, but that wasn't a problem. The umbrellas have misters built in, so on those especially hot days, you can stay cool (see pic: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tANhxxLlzOrvzdXnO1c4cw&userid=7lsk7VJ4OvaTxtdcNeSjZg) FOOD: I'm a fan of Eggs Benedict,so I ordered the Benedict Trio (see pic: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4frRHBqrT68dh0TvpieKSQ&userid=7lsk7VJ4OvaTxtdcNeSjZg). It was very good and not too much food. I would order it again for sure. The prices were a bit high, but it's Vegas. Didn't seem too over the top to me.SERVICE: Decent but it needed some improvement. There were a few times that I needed my coffee or water refilled and it took awhile. In fact, it took awhile to get my coffee in the first place, so I need to dock another half star.Would I come back here? Definitely. It's a chill spot to have a relaxing brunch. Great people watching with the pool right there and the little birds trying to scavenge any crumb that might fall. Just make sure they bring my coffee next time!
5	This is an absolutely lovely place for an afternoon lunch.  It's the Wynn so the food and service are world class.  The pool is a nice backdrop for a leisurely lunch conversation or just some quiet pondering as you enjoy your time in Vegas.  It's the Wynn, so it goes without saying it's not inexpensive.  But well worth it.
4	Great healthy frittata, coffee was excellent, service pretty darn good. Hubby had 3 eggs, bacon and hash browns. Going back tomorrow!
5	They have vegan chicken-and-waffles. And vegan milkshakes. And lots of other amazing vegan breakfast and lunch options. Oh, and the vegan chicken-and-waffles are like the best thing I've ever eaten. My carnivorous friends really enjoyed the regular chicken-and-waffles, the basic breakfast, and positively raved over the donuts. My only complaint is that I ordered Kaluah in my milkshake and it cost me $10 making the milkshake $17.50. Ouch.
5	I went here for brunch and was really impressed! Gorgeous views of the pool were with us while we pondered the many breakfast items on the menu. Im an eggs benadict fan and there were three kinds available: traditional, pork, and lobster. I opted for the traditional and it was one of the best Ive ever had! Along with breakfast potatoes and sourdough toast tthe meal was more than I could handle so I just finished my green tea. Our server was very helpful and friendly...I hope to be back soon!
5	So lucky to slip in this place with a party of 24 for Thanksgiving. Just wandering around looking for a place to eat. The food was excellent and the pricing reasonable for the quality. They quickly setup an area for us and the waitress was amazing - very cool.I'm from Marin, CA, and we have to pay the same prices for very average food. This was a treat - and on Thanksgiving no less.
5	If you are a vegan, you simply must try the French Toast here! With the "eggy" texture (but no eggs) that is such a big part of French Toast, and a hint of Banana, this entree also comes topped with Fresh Strawberries! The Sunrise Juice, comprised of Carrot, Strawberry, Pineapple, Orange, and Lemon juices is also a fresh, tasty alternative to the typical OJ.
4	Terrace Pointe Cafe is a great American brunch option because they serve breakfast and lunch at the same time! They offer both menus when you dine there. I love their sunrise juice (healthy juice). The chicken noodle soup is surprisingly one of the best I've ever had. The chicken tenders are juicy and delicious. I always get something new when I dine here because the menu is grande! I've tried a variety of menu items, and most of them were good. I would stay away from the tuna poke salad (it's extremely salty) and the ham & cheese sandwich (comes with slabs of bacon, if you're a fan for greasy bacon- go for it!) There's even a vegetarian and vegan menu, you can't go wrong with Terrace Pointe, there's something here for everybody. Only complaint is that there's often a line, which moves really slowly, but luckily there's a VIP line (for casino card holders) so I don't need to wait :)
5	The vegan chickenless and scallion waffles is the best breakfast I've had since being vegan. The chickenless patty was juicy and crispy. W/ a mountain of vegan butter and spicy syrup. $22 and worth every dime!
5	I have to give this place 5 stars , seat us fast , drink come fast and keep the drink coming......,
4	Disappointed that they no longer serve the coffeecake, which was divine. However, the French toast (without a granola, cap'n crunch, or corn flakes), and the asparagus omelet were fantastic. This was hands down, the best breakfast we had during our week trip, even beating out the Bellagio. We went at 11 to avoid the crowds and dined indoors. Service was efficient and professional, the restrooms were clean, and the ambiance was delightful. Will definitely return. My only request: bring back the coffeecake.
4	I've been to Terrace Pointe Cafe at the Wynn several time now for brunch and it's always been a pleasant experience.  Get a table outside and enjoy the views of the pool while soaking a bit of sun. Ordered the Chicken & Waffles last time and it was pretty good.  You can get it with a sunny side egg on top and it comes with their spicy maple syrup.  Also the corn flakes french toasts are pretty damn good too.  Wynn and most of their restaurants including this one offer great vegan options and this place has their own unique menu for lots of vegetarian and vegan selection, some that even mimic normal menu items like Chicken and Waffle. Just watch out for the pigeons that may land in or near your head while you're feating, true story!
2	I am giving this place at the Wynn Las Vegas two stars for one reason: they need to get their wildlife under control.I was eating breaking the other morning on the patio at the Terrace Point, outside with a nice view of the pool. We got out there at 9:15, as soon as they opened the outdoor seating (which seems a little late for a breakfast place). Anyway, the meal and the staff was fine, and this place was a solid four stars right until as we were finishing up and all the tables we filling, everyone outside was set upon by more and more BIRDS. First pigeons, then grackles, then all sorts of birds. This must be their breakfast buffet, because they were arriving in waves! They got so bold as to land on the table of people eating, and peck at their food! A couple of tables stood up and left.So we paid up and left, seeing as we actually had finished our meal, As a parting gift, the birds pooped on our table twice, and hit a lady sitting across from us on her arm. Very unappetizing. I hope they get it under control. Until then, stick to the breakfast buffet across the aisle from this place. It is indoors, and safe from the Hitchcock movie reenactment.
5	Lovely setting - inside or outside with a view of the pool. Awesome menu - Lobster Benedict, lox and onions on a bagel I think, fresh and tasty stir fry (vegan menu). Smoothies. I eat breakfast here regardless of where I am staying. And although the breakfast selection is awesome I now have the lobster benedict every time it  is so good although I substitute english muffins and request no meat. It's expensive - but I would rather spend $40 on breakfast here and scrimp on lunch or dinner.
5	Best vegan breakfast I've had on the strip. Terrace Point offers a great vegetarian/vegan menu, much bigger than most places I've been to. The spinach artichoke dip with cashew cream is amazing, and the French toast was phenomenal. Also unlimited mimosas for $19? Definitely a place worth coming back to.
5	Came here for the view and it was perfect. So relaxing and wanted to get into the water. Food was great best huevosrancheros I ever had. Very pricey but with a view and good food was worth it. $60 for breakfast you better have money lol!
5	Since becoming vegan, I haven't had a truly satisfying brunch!  I can find all sorts of places to eat vegan for lunch or dinner, but brunch, not so much.  There's a vegan menu, and it wasn't a hard choice for me.  I had French toast with strawberries, vegan breakfast sausages, and the server even brought me vegan butter!  My friend had the Lobster Benedict, and he really enjoyed it. Service was great! I'll be back in Vegas in October, and definitely coming here for brunch again!
4	Terrace Point Cafe is probably my favorite cafe in all of Vegas.  It's not your typical cafe, where you sit in a bland restaurant and eat mediocre food.... Wynn goes above and beyond with it's fresh, flavorful dishes and bright warm ambiance.  Since it was a beautiful day outside, my friend and I decided to dine al fresco."Excuse me sir, what was that plate of fries you just took to that table over there?""Truffle Fries""We would like that..... ASAP!"OMG. These fries should be illegal.  Parmesan truffle fries. This sauce that they slather the fries in..... It's thick, creamy and has the perfect amount of truffle flavor.  The grated parmesan adds that extra salty kick that send these fries to a whole new planet.  Probably some of the best fries I have ever eaten.I have eaten tuna salad sandwiches, chicken fingers & club sandwiches here before but my go to dish is the Chinese Chicken Salad.  Napa cabbage that's crisp and fresh, candied cashews, tender moist grilled chicken and the most delicious ginger dressing..... It was the perfect salad while dining outside overlooking the pool.Since I was sharing the salad, we also ordered pasta cabonara.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and soaked up all that crispy bacon fat. YUM!  The peas were that burst of sweet goodness and loads of parmesan cheese gave it that extra bit of saltiness.... Overall the service was friendly... A little stuffy, but nothing that would ruin a dining experience. This is Wynn after all.  I would definitely dine outside on a nice spring day, maybe not during the summer.... Two words though..... TRUFFLE FRIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I've had some eggs Benedict in my time. In New Zealand, home to arguably the world's best cafe-based eggs Benedict creator people, I had a lot of eggs Benedict and not one cafe produced an eggs Benedict that achieved an overall score of less than 9/10. Having established my credentials on this issue, I can say beyond the shadow of a reasonable doubt that the Terrace Pointe Cafe eggs Benedict easily achieves a eggs Benedict score of 9.5/10.
1	Hair in my chicken and waffles! Will never eat there and still can't eat fried chicken.  Staff acted like it wasn't a big deal! So gross!
4	This is another one of my regular spots when I need some recovery time in sin city. They have awesome breakfast & lunch (great for sober or hungover people) that are pretty large portions. I usually order the yogurt parfait but sadly they seem to constantly change the ingredients to the foods I get (example the granola and yogurt tend to be different every time I come back to vegas). The pancakes are delicious, order extra crispy hash browns with your breakfast but don't expect them to get your eggs the way you want, they seem to always mess up egg orders! Also a nice pick me up after a long night are there fresh squeezed juices. Atmosphere is cool, you can eat outside with a pool view or inside on large couch seats. Cool staff and pretty fast service, but don't expect to be seated right away unless you have a VIP guest pass red card (up to 20 min wait on weekends).
5	I had breakfast here two mornings while staying at the Wynn. On top of the amazing view of the courtyard and pool area if you sit on the terrace, the wait staff was amazing. The chef came out to talk to me to make sure my food restrictions (gluten and dairy) were clear. I had the fruit plate, and the egg white omelet with potatoes. They also have gluten free toast. I was a happy girl!
4	If you are looking for a convenient breakfast/lunch during your day at the Wynn pool, then this is the place for you. If you are looking for a GREAT food option, you've also hit the jackpot!Food selection and quality is great. Breakfast, lunch, vegan, and most importantly for my family, gluten free. If you have a food allergy in your party, the chef comes to your table to ask about the allergy and walk you through the ingredients. It is absolutely wonderful and gives you great peace of mind. We really pretty much loved everything we ate here during our 5-day stay at the Wynn.The ONLY reason I gave this 4-stars out of the 5 is because of service. While the chef coming to your table is wonderful, we found the servers and hostesses to be borderline rude. Our first trip here, both the host and the waiter were so cold I couldn't believe it. In terms of the hostesses, maybe it's the awful, horribly-fitted pink uniforms they have to wear (I would be miserable if I had to wear that thing too!). On our last visit to the restaurant, we had to wait 15 minutes for someone to even come to our table to take our order. Ironically, the waitress that came profusely apologized (she hadn't seen us sitting in our kind of hidden section of the restaurant) and she was very very friendly the rest of our visit. She could have taught something to the 2 other put-out waiters we had the previous visits!Overall, go here for the food because it is GREAT, just know that the service is a work in progress. Unfortunately, the prices make that a painful pill to swallow.
5	The reason I went to the Wynn/Encore Resorts is because I read that the owner is now vegan and has implemented a full vegan menu at all of his restaurants. The first morning I was in Vegas, my sister and I had a delicious breakfast at Terrace Pointe Cafe. I had a vegan french toast with a side of vegan butter, maple syrup and strawberries. I also had an amazing soy latte. My sister ordered the regular french toast which was rolled in cereal and topped with candied pecans and a grilled banana. She said it tasted amazing! The waitress even asked if I had any food allergies. I explained that my vegan lifestyle was based on compassion vs allergies but was still so thrilled that she asked. My sister did not give the question much thought but when her food came with an unexpected slice of strawberry on the top (to which she is VERY allergic) they took the plate away immediately and made her a fresh batch strawberry free. We were just blown away by how helpful and accommodating they were to both of us. We also got to watch birds out by their pool/garden. It was peaceful and beautiful. We both asked for to-go containers and she brought me more vegan butter and syrup to take with me. Awesome! The next time I visit with my husband I plan to try more of their restaurants! I am sure I will be very pleased. All you vegans visiting Las Vegas, please be sure you support these restaurants and review them! We have full vegan menus at the south end and the north end of the Strip so we need to fill the gap!!
2	Ate here last weekend with a large group and the food was barely mediocre. Service was good (though slow) and atmosphere is nice. But about the food: My husband had the lobster eggs Benedict, which was very bland and definitely not worth it (he didn't finish it). We ordered pancakes and french toast for the table to share - both were so-so. For the price, I expected much better. The real clincher for me, and the reason I probably won't ever go back: I ordered a simple breakfast of eggs over medium with bacon, hash browns, toast and coffee (my personal favorite). The bacon was...odd tasting - thin and not crispy. The eggs were so over-cooked that the yoke was completely solid. The hash browns are baked, not fried, so not good either. Unfortunately very disappointing breakfast.
3	It was convenient as a guest at the Wynn, but overall (seeing my friends' orders) it was not very impressive. The corned beef skillet which was ok but the eggs, which I requested over easy, was not well made.
4	Terrace Pointe is an underrated breakfast/brunch spot that probably receives low marks due to a somewhat high price point (compared to off-strip breakfast spots) and location in the Wynn which does nothing but raise expectations. But my visit with a friend a while back showed was filled with some good and great eats. The best of what I sampled was a brioche French toast retaining much of its batter to give it a cake-like texture and coated with Cap'n Crunch cereal to provide a crispy exterior. Topped off with a banana that was perfectly caramelized and bits of toffee and buttered pecans to counterbalance the soft bread, it all combined to make an excellent rendition of this breakfast staple.The red velvet pancakes were another hit. Between each layer of the short stack of rich, cakey, and dense pancakes were layers of a vanilla cream glaze that make this the ultimate treat for anyone with a sweet tooth. If you want something more savory, try the Maine lobster benedict. I appreciated the light application of hollandaise -- just enough, with the perfect egg to butter ratio making it creamy and velvety. Bits of bacon dotted the interior of the light, crispy waffle and was topped with small chunks of lobster firm in texture. Another waffle dish -- the crispy fried chicken and waffles -- had similar crispy edged waffles and chicken with a crispy and crunchy exterior, if somewhat bland. It may not have been the best dish of the morning, but was good enough to satisfy.You may be paying a premium because of the location, but the quality far exceeded my expectations. Wait times can be long during peak hours so its best to come before or after the rush. They also have patio seating overlooking their pool.
3	The actual terrace is a must when looking for an easy lunch spot while in the Wynn Hotel. This affordable and casual elegant location is prime for al fresco dining and beautiful people watching, especially since it's on a small terrace facing the main pool. For those afraid of the Las Vegas sun, there are plenty of umbrellas to keep you from getting sun damaged. We all know that it can be challenging at times to find a restaurant in a casino that has a lot of natural lighting in Las Vegas, so this is an excellent option to take for a short break from all of the noisy slot machines and second hand smoke that you encounter while being stuck indoors. The main dining room is not pretentious, but very inviting. The terrace is where al fresco fans will be most satisfied. Although the food was quite average for a Wynn caliber hotel, it was good enough to "hit the spot", help nurse that hangover and for the health conscious diners. The portions are large like your standard Cheesecake Factory dishes and fulfilling. On top of that, the service was mediocre. Everyone's food averaged over 30 minutes to prepare, while the staff apologized in a robotic tone at least 3 times regarding the delay.   I'd imagine on any given weekend during lunch many patrons are either already inebriated or recovering from a massive hangover from the night before. I sure was, so my taste buds may have been a little shot during my dining experience. However, I still have to rate the Terrace Pointe Cafe a three, since I expected so much more from the Wynn Hotel's restaurant service and kitchen. Luckily, I was more forgiving and let the outdoor ambiance influence me more than our dining experience.
4	This is a nice cafe which overlooks the hotel's swimming pool. Outdoor or indoor seating is available, along with a separate bar area.  The food my party ordered was very good. The French Onion soup was quite enjoyable, the club sandwich ordered was a large portion and tasted good, and the Vegan Blackberry Tart was delicious (the crust is a bit difficult to cut into, but delicious nonetheless).
4	This was my first visit.  It's a beautiful cafith e indoor and outdoor seating.,   It was too hot for me to sit outside but they had large umbrellas with misters and the pool beyond so others might like it.I visited Bouchon just last week and I have to say hands-down Terrqace Pointe Cafe is better.  The service was a bit slow... I'm guessing a lot of people have the "monday flu" after a busy weekend!  None the less the food was really terrific.  First and foremost they had a healthy fresh green juice that I love and enjoy so that was a treat.  I ordered trio of eggs benediict and except for a couple of minor things, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Perfect sauce.  Pefectly poached eggs.  One had lobster and it was simply overcooked.  That came with corn and green been hash that was fresh, fresh, fresh and perfectly al dente.  One of the trios was with pork belly on a bisquit.  It may have been pork belly but i think most people would know it as thick cut bacon.  Tasty but not the slow cooked, soft and uber fatty pork belly I've had elsewhere.My criticisms are really minor. I darn near licked the plate clean.  (and might have it no on was looking!)    Overall, really pretty.  Immaculate bathrooms and everything else... I would definitely go back.
2	Soooo I came here for brunch the other day and I have to tell you they have horrible service. Their food was alright though. I got the corn beef hash with my eggs scrambled and my beef hash was a little on the salty side. I had to eat my hash with the eggs so it wouldn't taste as salty. I also got the caramel latte which was pretty good and they gave us this little sugar stick for me to mix it with in my latte.Now, the service.... Horrible horrible horrible! Keep in mind, the restaurant was not even a full house, not a lot of people were in the restaurant when we were there eating but our food took FOREVER to come out. We had 8 people at our table but still, any other restaurant can bring our foods out faster especially when our food can easily be made. My latte was the only one that came out super late while everyone else got their coffee. Usually I like to drink my latte before I eat that way I can just chill, talk to my girlfriends, and drink my latte. Instead, my friend had to flag down the waitress and tell her I waited 25 minutes for my latte and she gave me a bullshit excuse saying there must be a line cause there's only one machine. Right.... No body is here girl. Also, the waiters got most of our orders mixed up and not the way we wanted our food to be cooked. For example, my friends wanted scrambled eggs instead they got over easy. Just stupid mistakes. Didn't like the service and the food was ok. I still wouldn't come back.
5	I am addicted to this place!! I wish I could go every Sunday, but that would get expensive!! I go specifically for their vegan brunch menu and it is out of this world! The vegan chicken and waffles are perfect as well as the "tuna" sandwiches! You'd never know it wasn't the real deal! If you're vegan and in town definitely don't pass this place up!
4	After a long, long wait, I finally got to sink my teeth into the vegan menu at Terrace Point Cafe. I had the chicken n waffles ($20), with a side of breakfast potatoes ($4) & sausage ($4). The waffles were excellent. They were dusted lightly with powdered sugar & served with vegan butter. It comes with BBQ syrup, which is an acquired taste; it was ok, but I prefer maple syrup, which they'll provide upon request. The "chicken" was ok. It was was nicely fried & crunchy, but it could use a tad more flavor/seasoning in its crust/batter. The country potatoes were excellent & full of flavor. The sausage was ok; nothing special.This was a lot of food. It lasted me 2 days. It was a nice restaurant with a classy ambiance. The employees were friendly, attentive, and knowledgable re their vegan offerings. As for the dress code, think business casual. The next time I'm in Vegas, I'll return here to try more of their vegan options.
5	I went here for lunch and it was very nice. The environment is very relaxing and the booth that we sat in was comfortable. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. We sat inside but had a view overlooking the pool. There is also a bar area with TVs for those who like to watch sports (which was playing when I was there). We had two different kinds of fries. I definitely recommend the regular fries. The other was the truffle fries, which I did not care for much because there was too much sauce on it. The food was high quality and the service first class. Nice place to go for a relaxing meal.
4	We came here for a quick afternoon tea. First decided to sit outside and enjoy the sunshine, however it was so burning that we were "forced" to come back in...we got their signiture cafe and the fruit plate, both of us liked a lot. Waitress was very attentive as well.
4	Quesedilla with burnt cheese was amazing
4	My boyfriend has been raving about Terrace Pointe Cafe for a very very long time. He says he's had the best chicken and waffles here so he built up my expectations pretty high. Something to note is that they have a dress code (for girls: no sheer tops/bare midriffs, guys need sleeves), but they allow you to sit outside if you're not dressed to their standards. We went with a rather large group and shared a bunch of items so that we would be able to try more things. The service was pretty slow, it took a while for our waitress to show up, and it took an excessively long amount of time for our food to show up. Salmon Benedict: special of the day and it was okay. Nothing too special.Short Stack Pancakes: very fluffy!Chicken and Waffles: it's pretty amazing. You gotta cut into all the layers because only the bottom waffle has bacon in the waffle! YUM! It also comes with a spicy syrup, but you can get it on the side if you're not a big fan of spicy.Corned Beef Hash: In general I'm not a big fan of corned beef hash, but the boys all loved it. The eggs came out wrong on our order, so we had them recook eggs for us. Avocado Bacon Omelet: also nothing specialI think my favorite thing about this meal had to have been the potatoes. They are freakin' delicious and I just couldn't get enough. They were like chips except crunchy on the outside and still chewy on the inside. I could probably get a side order of those potatoes for myself and just eat that as my meal! I may be a bit bias though because I have a bit of a potato obsession.All in all, even though the service was slow, I would come back again, not only for the potatoes, but because I want to get my hands on some of those red velvet pancakes!
5	I make a point of eating brunch at Terrace Pointe Cafe every time I visit Vegas, even if I don't stay at the Wynn (which is a mistake when I don't). Friendly and attentive service, delicious food, and a gorgeous view. Bottomless mimosas while overlooking the pool is blissful.
1	Beware ! Do not come here if your an attractive female with large breasts!The hostess will sneer at you and bringOver another hostess (presumably the manager?) they will both look at you with disgust and say "sorry we have a strict attire policy" what the hell?I was wearing a long sky maxi dress!! Do I have big breasts? Yes I do, can I help that? No! I saw other women inside dining happily with shorts up to their ass crack and heels on!I was in a long navy blue dress with flip flopsAnd was rudely turned away simply because of my cleavage. This place can kiss my ass, my fabulous breasts will be dining elsewhere.
1	Denny's food at Beverly Hills prices. One star is for the decor not the food. Worst eggs Benedict I have had in my entire life. Bacon is dry. Hollandaise sauce is tasteless and bland. Same for my other half. Belgian Waffle saggy. Whipped cream from 99 cent store. Maple syrup is liquid sugar with water. Very  dissaiponting breakfast !!!
5	Food was outstanding and so was the service. Sit by the window and have a nice view of the pool. I will absolutely be back!
4	If you ever come here you must sit outside and enjoy the poolside view, even if its a little hot, you wont reget it.My boyfriend and I came for lunch after checking into encore. We ordered the organix mix salad, and beef sliders, truffle fries. The food was delicious. If you get the salad, there is no need to add meat, because honestly they dont give you that much for the extra price and the salad itself is savory. The sliders were good, typical sliders nothing really special about them, I guess you're better off ordering a burger for the same price as the sliders.OMGOSH the truffle fries were SO GOOd!!! Definitely would order these again! There were freshly made a d had truffle sauce and cheese over it. So bad for you but ooooo so good.Over all the prices seemed a little steep, but it is vegas so what do you expect. The serve was good, they seemed really busy but they were attentive.
5	Amazing!!!!!!!!!Great breakfast place if your staying at the hotel. Ordered the the red velvet pancakes and artichoke Benedict's.   Absolutely delicious. The food is excellent and the service. The staff is fast and caring. Others at our table ordered the omelets which were also very very good.
5	They have the most delicious vegan breakfast options. Fluffy French toast and the best vegan chicken and waffles you could ever dream of eating. They gave a separate vegan menu. A must try
3	This place is extremely pricey for the food. I typically have no problem paying for high prices for food, as long as it is worth it. This place, however, was not. My veggie omelet was $16 and it was something I could have made at home. Sadly, it was one of the cheaper options, which was why I ordered it. They accommodated my party of 12 but two people had to change their shirts because they had a strict dress code. No sleeveless shirts for men and no see through clothes for women. Besides the dress code, the food was average. High prices for average food. The decor, however, was really nice. One memorable dish that a friend got was the Frosted Flakes french toast. It was sweet, but still good. Overall, I probably wouldn't come here again.
4	For being what it is, a Vegas "coffee shop," as the locals call such a place, it's hard to beat.  When I arrived, I was greeted by a friendly hostess and seated quickly.  I was surprised to have been offered a separate vegetarian menu.  This is Vegas, they typically don't offer much for veggies... But this place did--surprisingly.  They have good views of the pool and offer near poolside eating/seating.  My server, a friendly woman, suggested the veggie burger.  I took the bait... And glad I did.  It was a massive sandwich.  The patty was moist and flavorful.  The spicy hummus offered a nice kick of heat.  It was artfully presented and delicious.  I can't believe I'm hyping a veggie burger in Vegas.... But these are strange times...:-)))))
1	Hmm..Ok where do I startService was the slowest I had ever experienced in lifeSpotty, 2 servers were the slowest and basically on something felt (a sedative, maybe?) 1 was great, but he dissapeared somewhere.As with all things at the Wynn (with the exception of La Cave for ambiance and wine), overpriced food, zero in taste and qualityThe food, was just ...blah and blahI've never had a 3 hour lunch that involved 2/3rds the time waiting for food and food that was under par neverthelessmmmm..nah
4	This is the third time I've eaten here, and they've been consistently good.  I've eaten breakfast here all three times.  I'm a little disappointed, because they used to have a "create your own breakfast" menu in which you got to choose the items you wanted.  However, everything I've had here has been good.  I had the seasonal fruit plate today, and it had a nice variety of melons, bananas, berries, oranges, pineapple and a small banana nut muffin.  It was great and there was enough food for two people.  The person next to me had the Greek Yogurt with Berries and Granola and that's what I'm getting next time!  That looked delicious!  The service isn't the best in the world, but I think it's because they seem a little understaffed and the waiters have to deal with a lot of tables.  I prefer Society Cafe's breakfast there, but this is still a solid choice.
3	Very nice surroundings and our waitress was very personable and attentive. The food was average and, as with all Wynn and Encore restaurants, much too expensive for what you get. Our party had the pesto pasta, tacos and salads, all average.
1	Come here if you want to be nickeled and dimmed. Just got charged $4 for two pieces of whole wheat toast that wasn't even properly toasted. Not a bread basket with jam and honey, oh no, 2 pieces of toast.  I can't believe I just paid $2 for a piece of bread. And if you want whip cream with ur $15 waffles it will cost you $2. Unbelievable, that an upscale place like this would do that. I get better service and tastier food in the diner in BK.
3	Just finished brunch. Wouldn't give the cafe more than three stars because of the poor service. I mean, poor is an understatement...absolutely horrible. Too bad because the food was very delicious. We finished every single thing on our plate. The huevos rancheros was sooo good. It comes with two different sauces. I would ask for it with any dish you get- avocado crema and chipotle sauce. The iced coffee was yum. The side salad was so worth it for $4 and the balsamic dressing was on point!!!!
3	Had lunch here with friends yesterday before a day by the pool. Location is ideal. Primarily if you sit outdoors. The cafe is located right above the Wynn pool. Service wise only one waiter was working. Understandably, everything was slow. I would recommend for the restaurant to adjust that ratio. Food wise the bacon avocado omelette was delicious. Along with the potatoes on the side. My friends had also ordered huevos rancheros which came with a delicious sauce. The carne asada tacos also looked appealing.
5	Sometimes, on a Saturday afternoon, my husband will whisper to me, "You know, if we leave now....we could be having brunch at the Wynn by tomorrow morning."  Don't tempt me!!!  Oh, he knows my weakness for hearty vegan brunches.  Terrace Pointe Cafe pulls out all the stops, and I had to resist ordering more than one entree.  I had the french toast that is, to date, the best french toast I've ever had.  I was a little wary that the batter had banana in it (such a hippie thing to do) but it worked!  After a few bites, I didn't even really taste the fruit, and was left with a perfect interpretation of eggy french toast, without the sadness.  Well done, Terrace Pointe!I had originally made reservations for Tableau, but when the rest of our party dropped out at the last minute, and there were no reservations available for two people, we rolled the dice with Terrace Pointe and were so delighted.  We were seated within 10 minutes, without a reservation, and had a lovely seat by the window.  The attire for the wait staff is a little too "Disneyland, Carnation Cafe," but I suppose they're just trying to create an atmosphere.5 stars for the best french toast.  I'll probably be back for more soon.
5	This place is one of my favorite restarunt which is located is one of the best luxuries hotel in the world in LAs Vegas I love it the have best lobster Benedict .
3	I was utterly disappointed in this place. My friend and I ordered a side Caesar Salad, a wrap and fries. The fries were normal. The wrap was not phenomenal either but it was good. The Caesar Salad was VERY disappointing. It was soggy and it looked like they dressed the lettuce a day ago and then let it sit in the fridge overnight and then serve it to us the next day! THAT'S how bad it was. The service was just ok. Not fast but not slow either. I wanted to give this place a better review but the Salad was totally not of acceptable standards.
5	Very beautiful looking inside. All the light and  yellow colors give you a warm full feeling so you enjoy your breakfast or lunch to the maximum. The orange juice is delicious 100% pure. French toast and crab Benedict are just incredibly amazing.
5	Located in The Wynn Hotel Resort Casino, this is their coffee shop, but this is not the coffee shop of yesteryear! (not that's there is anything wrong with yesteryear, I like a $1.99 as much as the next cat). Ok so it;s a little pricy, I did say it was in the Wynn not Casino Royale. They have a great menu with the usual and the not so usual options. I had a club sandwich with lobster, you read that correctly. It's worth a stop in for casual dinning. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	This is a wonderful little gem to grab a meal. The salads here are amazing and they have an awesome look to them. I would recommend trying the Cobb or Caesar salads, they are both HUGE and have wonderful flavoring. Try and sit outside to get the best views. Downside, sometimes device can be slow...
4	Stoles it! I got the coconut shrimp which was amazing. The shrimp is huge! And I had the lobster, shrimp and crab sandwich which was awesome. However, the fries that went with it were average.
5	Excellent breakfast at an excellent venue.  Sitting outside with view of pool was splendid.  Food and service was outstanding.  Bloody Mary was next to perfect.  Spicy!  So good went back the next morning.  Highly recommend.....
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch at Terrace Pointe Cafe during a recent stay at the Wynn.  I'd dined here before years ago and remember the food being good, so I was happy to confirm once again that it is.  We were seated promptly in one of their nice, comfortable booths.  Though we were given water right away, it did take awhile for our waitress to come by to take our orders.  She did see frazzled and we had pretty slow service overall, but the food was good, so I can overlook the slow service a bit.For lunch I had a lemonade and the chicken club wrap with fries.  I know it sounds ordinary, but honestly it was so good.  The lemonade was perfect and the wrap had gouda cheese that was awesome.  I don't know what it is, but I love it.  The Hubs had the BLT and also enjoyed it quite a bit.It's pretty simple, if we are at the Wynn and want a nice, relatively inexpensive lunch, I would definitely consider Terrance Pointe Cafe.  I'd try to sit outside next time though, it's really lovely.
1	Referred by a friend, I thought it was going to be an amazing place. As matter of fact the Wynn is amazing but this place disappointed me a lot.Went for breakfast.. Service was very slow and i felt they never paid attention to us (we had empty glasses of water through the entire meal.. At the Wynn? Please...) We order the blackberry tart, which was described as something delicious. Well, we waited 20 minutes for a lousy pastry with berry just added on top. What is that all about? Come to LA and I' ll show you what a berry tart looks like...I am in the restaurant business too and I know how servers make $. I left 15% for the first time in my life!!! They didn t even deserve that.. Total disappointment!!!
4	A great breakfast spot inside the Wynn! It's right past the buffet and there's indoor seating as well outdoor seating by the pool. We opted to sit outside and were immediately taken to our table. They have a different and pretty extensive menu for both  breakfast and lunch so choose accordingly. They also have a separate vegetarian menu! They were quick in taking our drink orders but took awhile to come back for our food orders. I ordered the juevos rancheros skillet and the other items on the table were steak and eggs and the bacon avocado omelet. Everything was tasty! They also have a drink menu with cocktails and smoothies. There were a few times throughout the meal that took awhile to get anyone's attention. It took them forever to bring out hot water for our order of tea. It was tough to get water refills as well. Overall, a great relaxing place to enjoy breakfast!
5	The chicken and waffles are fantastic!  The shrimp cocktail is a lovely amalgam of flavours, including pickled cucumber and a louie sauce in addition to cocktail sauce.  The service is phenomenal, especially Autumn (she is the best!).  The pomegranate iced tea is delightful and refreshing on a warm summer's day, and the bottomless mimosas are a great addition.In an effort to keep an open internet I've decided to sign my name to all my reviews.Best,Adam Koppekin
3	After trying to get in for a buffet and being told "it will be a 1:45 minute wait OR you can pay for the speed pass to jump in front of the line...." speech, we decided to try the Terrace Point Cafe.We chose to sit outside and it was a beautiful cool sunny morning and all was just grand. The drinks got to us quick and the staff was in top of it until we ordered the food. Then the coffee refills became less frequent and so did the ice teas.We had to hail 3 different waiters to fetch our daughter more dressing for her salad. Which, again, if we didn't have a million things planned for the day, would not have bothered us but we did. Next time, mention before sit down! NOTED!We ordered the Cobb salad with the Greek dressing, truffle fries, BLT and a Caesar Salad. The Cobb looked delish and was confirmed as so by the beau and the Caesar needed more dressing. My BLT and truffle fries were super yummy! I just wish they gave me a side of mayo....  :). (Traditionalist here!)Overall a 3 and easily could have been a 4 but the lack of service and our time crunch and us havering to hail 3 wait staff then actually get up and find our waitress....dropped it down to a 3....
5	Twice! We went twice during our short vacation in Vegas!In all, we had the French toast, huevos rancheros, some kind of omelette with avocados and salsa (the name escapes me). The French toast is amazing. Get it covered in granola. It is sweet, fluffy, and textured all at the same time. We couldn't get enough of it, and normally I'm done with French toast after a pitiful half-slice. The huevos rancheros were very savory and had many different flavors and textures.If you can ignore the dated Wynn decor and the incredibly cheesy and unflattering bright pink hostess outfit, this is where you want to spend your time. Bonus: no two-hour wait for the buffet, which is about 50 feet away.
