4	I was really sad to see CJ's go, but I am glad to see something new put up in its place...  and to find it's a place that serves coffee! So after driving past it every day for the past few months, I can finally go in and try some coffee.  The interior is "lodge"y with using pieces of wood trunks to decorate and some Jamison barrels scattered around.  This seems like a nice place for me to bring my laptop and work on the weekends.I ordered a ice latte to go (minus 1 star for charing a dollar for vanilla syrup!), and it's really smooth.  I don't get that burnt taste I usually get at Starbucks.  I'm really glad I have a place to grab caffeine on my way to work.There's also a full bar in case I wanted an extra kick with my coffee.  The question now is do we call the staff baristas or bartenders?  Baristenders?
4	5 stars for concept, atmosphere, vibe, and the layout of the place.3 stars for the food and coffee.A pinch of Starbucks, a bit of Einstein's, a dash of Dotty's, sprinkle in some Lodge-ness - mix it all together and you get this neat place.I was pretty impressed with the layout of the Lodge CH&T - the outdoor covered patio is very nice, the inside is roomy with a living room set up on one side with free-standing video poker units (like Dotty's), a full service liquor bar, and of course the coffee counter with a pastry case.The menu has alcohol, coffee, coffee with alcohol, paninis, salads, and breakfast items (well 2 but whatever) and a drive thru. Dining in? You order at the counter and they bring it to you.My husband ordered the Cafe Lodge Panini & a hazelnut latte. I had the bacon, egg, & cheese sandwich with a white mocha (total 19 and change). The drinks were nothing spectacular -probably middle of the road average. The coffee prices are comparable to Starbucks (4.25 for a 16 oz white mocha). I was told the breakfast sandwich I ordered was new... it was okay - fast food-esque served on a plate. For 6.25, my husband considered his panini priced just right for the taste. Nothing we had was bad, it just wasn't great.This would be a perfect place to meet friends in the morning for a latte on the patio or an adult beverage in the evening before a night out. It actually wouldn't be a bad place to hangout before or even after work. I was surprised there wasn't a TV behind the bar, it would be perfect to catch a game without the big crowd of a sports bar...Note: they have ashtrays on every table and at the bar--- so it's smoker-friendly all over (this may bother some of you)I'm definitely coming back to try out their adult coffee beverages....the chocolate martini sounded delicious.
5	COOL SPOT and agree with Sussie H"s review.    Great concept but they need some things to work on a bit but nevertheless still prefer it over Starbucks. Great coffee. The smokers  CAN smoke outside in their great patio (unlike Starubucks)!  Hope they will stay busy enough to support the 24hrs!  The city really needed something like this which reminds you of northern european places minus the gaming machines!  Lets get out and support such places and not our "generic" casinos so much!
5	I've been here twice, once for drinks and once for coffee and let me tell you... this place is amazing!! The interior design is absolutely beautiful. I feel like I'm in a cabin in Big Bear California. The bartender that served my delicious drink was very kind and friendly. I highly recommend the drinks there a long with the coffee it had a great taste and definitely woke me up. BTW they have a drive thru :)
1	The rave reviews posted with respect to this establishment are truly bewildering. Our rather lousy experience began immediately when we entered the place at around 5pm. There noticeably were only a couple of patrons."You're not allowed to be here," the greeter barked at us sternly."Oh, we're just here for coffee," my friend replied as she stopped dead in her tracks."Under 21 only," deadpanned the greeter.We were bewildered as we pulled out our IDs for her inspection. The greeter should have simply asked for our IDs rather than assume we were all under 21. Besides, I know Asians look young, but really? I'm 34, and the last educated guess at my age was 27. Seriously speaking, I appreciate the compliment, but the way it was given was certainly not orthodox.The four of us were then seated at living room style couches and sofas. As we did not receive menus, we had to flag down the hostess again for that reason. I ordered a tangerine smoothie while my friends ordered alcoholic mixed beverages. Another oddity occurred when we went up to the counter to order pastries after ordering our drinks with the server. The hostess at the counter took my friends order of two pastries and asked if they could be placed in the same bag since they were out of bags. My friend agreed.But then I placed my order, saying that she could place it in a napkin if need be. She nodded her head. I received my order in a bag identical to the ones they were allegedly out of, along with a napkin and utensils all wrapped in plastic. Strange.So we received our drinks. My friends' alcoholic beverages were average and nothing special, while my smoothie was not a smoothie. It was shaved italian ice colored orange and loaded with a large quantity of sugar. The aftertaste reeked (not even tasted, reeked) of sweetness from the sugar. If I wanted a Slurpee, I would have chosen to instruct the server to obtain my beverage from the 7-11 next door. At one point, we found that we could not find our server once again. Eventually, my friend located her... sitting in a customer's chair in front of a slot machine, smoking a cigarette. Ok, I understand a smoke break, but in front of the customers? On the way out, I noticed a machine that produced the different colored so-called "smoothies." It was similar to those used to make frozen ice desserts. I shook my head. We waved and yelled out our good nights but, not surprisingly, we were not acknowledged at all.I would be open to trying this place again if the management responds actively to this review. Perhaps the off-peak staff is simply staff-in-training. Until then, I can get better smoothies at McDonald's for a fraction of the cost.Two stars minus one star for the service = one star.
3	I am utterly confused by this place. I just don't know how to describe it. It was good, don't get me wrong. But I don't know what _it_ is.I used it as a coffee shop, but they had video poker. I've never been at a coffee shop with video poker.  I have been to bars with those, and this is also a bar. I wasn't using it as a bar, I was using it as a coffee shop.As a coffee shop, it was good. The coffee was definitely passable.The only real negative was the WiFi. If you are showing up to get serious work done you may be disappointed. Worst coffee shop WiFi I've experienced in a minute. It's hard to find spots that are comfortable to work at, and aside from the spotty WiFi this definitely fits the bill.
2	This place deserves a 2-star for the following reasons: RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL and MEDIOCRE drinks.  Most of the time we would've taken our money else where but hey, we drove all the way here, so we might as well just get our drinks and because the place itself might be worth it.  The place:  There is a nice outdoor area that you can sit and a few tables and then a couch area with a TV and fire place.  However this place seemed confused of it's own identity.  Even though the title said coffee house and tavern, I would've assume that majority it will be a coffee house before anything.  From the layout and decor I definitely did not get a tavern but more of a lounge. The place looked clean and organized but there is the cigarette scent lingering so it's no longer a place you would want to relax and hangout.  There's also a few gambling machines.The experience ---  I walked in with my friends thinking to grab a quick cup of coffee (since it said Coffee House) to just wind down the day. However, we walked into a pretty empty place with a few other patrons.  A staffer finally saw us but before I was even able to say anything the girl on staff straight up said we "are not allowed in here" with what I will assume her authorizing tone.  I was extremely taken aback by how I was greeted.  The waitress just kept on telling me how this place is 21 OVER ONLY.  So apparently she thought we were all underage.  Okay, fine that you think we look young, thank you. However, this is NOT how you are to approach a patron even if they ARE underage. She also added in a lot of hand jesters and body movement to be along with what she is rambling about.  Sorry, but I've got the indication she was also racial profiling us as if we did not understand the English language.  I have to wait until she was done with her rambling because I can't even cut in just to tell her that we are all over 21.  So after we clarified that we are of legal age she didn't even asked to see our ID.  What if I actually lied? Then she just allowed minors to gamble and order alcohol.The food/drink experience --- Drinks are the fun part.  After we bypass the initial checkpoint we sat by the couch area but still confused if this is an "order your food and sit down" or table service, another thing I didn't get to ask when we were busy saying we are over 21.  The waitress came with the menu but  seemed a bit too zealous where I felt rushed to decide on my drink.  I do not know if she felt bad on how she was earlier or she want us in and out of that place but definitely did not help the mindset on this place.   After the waitress took our drink orders, two of us got up to check out what pastries they have.  (This part may just be a bit odd) After I ordered they told me that they only have 1 paper bag left to hold my pastries and asked if she can put both in one. It's fine with me since it's one order. However, my friend who was behind me order a pastry separately and actually got a paper bag when it supposedly have ran out a minute ago, wait, did she just lied to me???  She also moved very slow, I seriously have never seen someone taking so long to get a cookie and a muffin. I could've chopped down a tree and processed it to paper bags within that time. (This part is a peeve) I don't think I have ever been at a place that when we order drinks, let alone alcoholic drinks, they do not place a napkin acting as a coaster and then the drink. Isn't this basic 101 knowledge?  So I had to go and ask for napkins only to find our waitress, sitting down and smoking on the clock.  Is that even allowed?  If it is allowed in the state of NV then I apologize and at least it solved the smokey scent issue here.  Sometimes I forget that places aside from casinos also allowed smoking inside.Anyway, I can only speak for 2 of this drinks since I didn't try the others.Chai Martini with Soymilk - This drink is not on the menu, it was a recommendation. Apparently the chai martini now requires no mixing. Top layer is chai tea/alcohol and bottom layer is the soy milk.  you can distinctively see the separation.  It would be nice that I can mix it up myself but oh wait, nothing to stir with.  The chai taste is not bad but I definitely will not say it's the best chai martini I've ever had.  This one is good if you do not like alcohol but want to drink out of martini glass.Tangerine smoothie - This should apologize to all smoothies.  It felt really refreshing when you are first drinking it but the aftertaste is the sugary burn similar to the ones you get when you drink a slurpy or icee. Redeemable point (+1 star): The muffin and cookie I ordered was not that bad and one of my friend thought her drink was okay.  Overall, I will never set foot in this place again since they don't seem to care about returning customers.   I hoped that this could've been a nice change from other coffee houses and potential lunch spot in the future. Oh well, on to another place.
3	The food selection is limited but the overall drinks and coffee selection was pretty stocked, The place has the potential to be fun and hip But because of its location and the fact that it's not very well marketed I think it won't be doing that great right off the bat... the happy hour looks good
4	I hope to become a regular! We came here for breakfast at about 10 a.m. on Sunday and it was empty! LOVE IT! The two people that were there were really friendly and personable. I got the bacon egg and cheese on a croissant ($3) and a dirty chai tea latte ($4.00 and better tasting than starbucks!) and I was satisfied with everything! Cannot wait to go back for Wine Wednesdays where they have half off bottles! Also, love that they have alcoholic coffee choices! :D
4	I drive by this place on my way to work every morning and finally got a chance to stop in today. I ordered a large black iced coffee and a turkey/provolone wrap. The coffee is nothing special, but the wrap - as simple as it was, was delicious. They make it with some kind of spicy (very spicy) sauce similar to a chipotle sauce. The space itself is very open and comfortable. I will definitely be returning.
5	Great place!  Calm relaxing great service and food was good!  Definitely will return!
4	I was dying for a delicious, heavy, not healthy for you, pastry after dinner and decided to finally give The Lodge Coffee House & Tavern a shot.  The chocolate brownie was di-vine, especially when served warm.  The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere was very nice.  Now I'm looking forward to trying the food and drinks here.
5	Courteous service.  Mellow atmosphere.  Friendly staff.  Great food.  Easy location.  Well done.
4	Definitely enjoyed going there to catch up with a friend. The cashier had awesome suggestions and was very helpful. I didn't get an alcoholic beverage but I'm pretty sold on the iced vanilla vodka latte! My dirty chai was perfect by the way!
3	The gf and I are still trying to find our " go-to" places near our house.  As much as we are willing to drive hours for a good meal, there's something to be said when you can find 4-5 places in the neighborhood worthy of frequenting.  To date, our search has been disappointing.  Not even sure the specific cuisine needed for our rotation but I guess it would be:1.  Breakfast spot2. Pizza place3.  AYCE Sushi4. Lunch/Bistro place ( weekends ) 5. bar/grillIn that i'm free during the weekdays, I also focus on bakeries, sandwich places, Mexican/taco and Chinese.This past weekend, she was hankering for a coffee ( a definite priority for her, but not a " we" place ) and I was wanting a beer.  Strangely, she also wanted to play a little video poker.  The combination made me think about the Lodge - we've been meaning to go even though it is a replacement to one of my old fav Italian places ( JR's - great meatballs !!! ) The lodge is a neat little place - for some it may be a combination of too many things - you have a video poker bar which is kinda hybrid Dotty's and the " normal" poker bar - some of the machines are individual, spread out, so kinda private, then several built into the bar for easier socializing.  They have a loungy sitting area with chairs, a couch and a TV.  I thought it a little strange they didn't have a TV over the bar area.The gf orders some foo-foo coffee drink, I sit at the bar and order a firestone IPA.  We proceed to put $20 each into neighboring machines - in about 10 minutes, she hits 4-of-a-kind aces, twice !  She decides to also order a Panini - ham and cheese with garlic mayo;  comes with a side of potato chips.Sammie was tasty, the beer tasty and the gf liked the coffee - we especially liked her walking away with $600 AND they comped everything so sorry, no idea about the prices.Even with the win, not sure this will make the grade for our local bar/grill - it's a neat place but I prefer a place that has a decent selection of cold beer, a large number of TV's and above average bar food ( homemade potato chips is a major plus ) - we have a few more places to try in the neighborhood.  The search continues !pics added
5	I went here for a meeting the other day and was very impressed with the look of this place!  I love the whiskey barrels and raw wood effects throughout the restaurant.  The decor is fun and feels exactly what you would expect a modern lodge to look like.  I honestly always thought this place was just a smokey casino that served coffee and bagels, but was pleasantly surprised that it didn't smell at all like smoke.  I think the coffee over powers the smell of the smoke.  Like most coffee shops the chairs were super uncomfortable, which should be expected as they don't want you to get too comfy and stay the day.  Their coffee was great though and the service was awesome.  The girls behind the counter get really busy with all of the morning business that comes through here, and they are chipper and upbeat while fulfilling all of the orders that are coming in.  I saw several different types of people come through which is interesting.  Everyone from the business man and business woman on their way to the office, to young people looking like they haven't yet been home.  The patio is a nice place to have coffee and enjoy fresh air + the weather.  I like the Lodge Coffee House & Tavern.  I will definitely be back when I need a break from the office and a good cup of coffee.  :)
5	Went through the drive through before work just to try it out. It took a little longer than expected I think due to an issue with the order in front of me, but the girl was so nice when I got to the window and gave me my order for free due to the wait. My iced chai was delicious and I'll be back (:
5	I have been going to The Lodge several months now since it is not only conveniently located in relation to where I live, but the coffee is great and so are the servers!It makes me sick to spend $10 every time I make a trip to Starbucks, where the coffee is mediocre. I would much rather frequent this place--a true coffee house with a cool atmosphere and decent prices! To top it all off, as an added bonus, there is a full bar in case you want an adult beverage with your espresso. :-)
1	They supposedly offer almond milk for their lattes but NEVER have almond milk! I have tried twice now, won't be trying again.
5	Visited this new Coffee House/Tavern w/ a girlfriend after work yesterday, and I was impressed.  Pros: Friendly and attentive Staff, 1/2 price wine for the month of October, comfortable, clean, indoor & outdoor seating.Cons: It wasn't very busy, so I hope they stay open!We were there from 5pm-9:30pm on a Wednesday - we enjoyed two bottles of 1/2 price Cabernet and a Caprese Panini.  As stated above, it is very comfortable (we sat both inside & outside).  The bottles of Josh Cabernet were $14 ($28 reg price) and the panini was around $9 (delicious!).I'll definitely be back!  Any place that offers decent food and cheap good wine is a must on my list!
5	My husband and I were out with friends and we were looking for some place to sit and chat after dinner. We were all in the mood for something different: coffee, beer, cup of tea, etc. One of our friends we were with suggested this place, and I'm so glad we stopped in. My initial thought was that it was kinda weird. It was like Starbucks and a bar collided. But after being there for just a few minutes it grew on me. The general manager was SO nice (I believe his name was Jason) and the coffee was fantastic. (They get their coffee beans come from the Colorado River Roasting Co... Super delish).We will definitely be trying this place again! Great atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty beverages. I want to stop in for breakfast next time.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect when we walked in... But you get the feeling of a coffee house and bar all in one, it's the best discovery of 2013 for this gal!How we found this place, well, after our unforgettable experience of an afternoon full of Irish Whiskeys in San Francisco last summer, we've been on the lookout for something locally to feed the craving. And here we are, it's not exactly what we were looking for but it's one of the better ones in town-- thus far.The service is phenomenal and the staff is just amazing. It wasn't the typical "Do you need anything, ok, bye" they genuinely care, want to converse and make sure you are taken care of even if they aren't your server.They do have WiFi, gaming and smokers... Just so ya know ;)
5	This place is great. They were very friendly, made me awesome drinks & great food. I ate the ham and cheese panini and it was excellent. Can't go wrong here...
4	This is the new style of cafes in Las Vegas, which combines coffee shop, bar and gaming all together, available 24 hours a day. I've been here twice and only for coffee and a breakfast sandwich. Drinks: The cappuccino is strong and good.  Soy chai - The chai was not overly sweet and all seemed well with this drink until I found that soy milk was chunky.  It wasn't rancid, rather it was the last bits of stuff in the soy carton. Breakfast Egg Muffin - I liked this because they use real eggs instead of liquid eggs. The first one I tried it had cheese in it, but the second time, it didn't. Overall, I think they are still working out the kinks for consistency but I like the vibe and would definitely come back.
5	The Panini's are great and the brewed teas are very cheap. Less of a bar vibe more of a coffee house. Staff is very attentive. Great place for those who want a nice place to meet up to study or for those who wish to relax and have drink while playing video poker after a long double shift. BTW Mariana the Barista is awesome, I come back because of how friendly she is.
5	The fish here is always good. I recommend asking for it well done. Smoke is the only negative. Nice staff. Fun to sit at the bar, just the smoke makes it not good sometimes. It would be great if the smokers used those vapor smokes in public eating places.
5	A bar that's a coffee bar that has a drive through!!!! Awesome.Coffee tastes great and fresh.....and sandwiches are good as well....will def stop by again.Also staff is nice and freindly!
4	The ambiance and quality is leagues better than the storefront view implies. No great variety of food, but what we ordered was well-made and well-presented alongside solid coffee drinks.
3	Everything about this place is nice except for the service. When it first opened everyone was very friendly but in the past month the staff just seems annoyed that someone would come in to order something to drink. More often than not there is a 5 to 10 minute wait at the register for someone to even make their way over to ask what you need. Even the drive through can be a bumpy experience, maybe it is the headsets being used inside but the staff always seem to cut me off before completing a single part of my order just to tell me they didn't understand the order. Of course you couldn't understand that I wanted an ice vanilla latte, you cut me off at ice vanil... Overall there is just a vibe of "great! Customers, that's all I need right now" to this place lately. As I said earlier everything served here food wise and coffee wise is great if you can find a way to get your order in. The wraps are made fresh and you it makes a big difference. The Turkey Provolone wrap in particular is great. I can give this coffee shop a few more chances but I'm pretty close to sticking with a coffee shop like Madhouse where the staff aren't quite so hit or miss.
5	So, I've been back a few times since my last review and this remains my favorite after work drinks place.  Just last night I was there and the girls behind the counter were so attentive!  I hadn't been in, in at least a month and the one girl (I'm terrible w/ names) even remembered the type of wine I like!  I brought a friend who had never been before - and they made her a new conconction off the menu because she said she wanted a PB martini.  They mixed one up w/ PB & Chocolate and it was FANTASTIC!
3	First, I want to agree with James W.'s review (1/12/14). The place is unique and was friendly and welcoming initially when it opened. The coffee is pretty good and the options are nice. I'm sorry I don't know everyone's names but the best staff consisted of Rosa & Becky (of  whom only 1 exists). There is another girl (possibly a supervisor?) she is also helpful and nice like the two aforementioned. Now, I hate to name names but there is a young lady there that is pretty cold, rude and she will belittle you and make you feel like an idiot. I believe her name begins with an "L" (i.e. Lisa, Liz, Liza). Because I did not know that Elvis Presley's favorite food was a peanut butter & banana sandwich and that I didn't realize it was his birthday on the one morning I was visiting, she was quick to say something like "everyone knows that" in condescending tone. It's funny because if she's one of two persons working, she will be quick to walk in the back room generally when I come in. I don't know if it's because she doesn't want to provide service to me or if she does that to everyone. It is absolutely unprofessional! I used to visit regularly but much of it was because of the original staff who made it a fun visit and I do enjoy the coffee and hot tea. Besides the issue with the staff and the person I just mentioned, the prices have increased quite a bit and it cost me nearly $7 for a bagel with cream cheese and a tea with some soy and vanilla. If I wanted to pay Starbucks prices, I would just go to Starbucks! In fact and although I don't really care for Starbucks pastries, I think Starbucks has better pastries/cakes! I love the casual but modern "woodsy" ambiance which is unique in this city, but I cannot see really going here much anymore even though it is in my direct run between home and work. But so is McDonald's and I can get a breakfast sandwich and coffee for just around $5. Sometimes I wish things could go back to the way they were when they first opened aside from everyone taking a long time to prepare things and putting the tea bags in ashtrays - yes I did say ashtray's because that's what someone did because they had nothing to display them in! Luckily someone realized how disgusting that was! And they were not even brand new ashtrays because there were burn marks in some of them. There is a breakfast sandwich which I think one of the girls may have made up with possibly a sourdough bread, egg, cheese, spinach, tomato and a chipotle-mayo dressing perhaps? This was really good but I'm not sure they can still make it and if it is/was on the menu. I haven't been there in a few weeks now but it would have been breaking the bank if I was going everyday like I was going in the beginning when they were running a lot of morning specials which helped keep my spending down and felt I could treat myself. My hope is that management does read these and that they make some changes. If they do and I can tell they are positive changes, I may return more frequently. Til then, I probably won't be back much at all!
4	I stopped by here for a quick lunch recently at about 2:00 in the afternoon. The woodsy and metal decor made for a comfortable and modern vibe. I ordered a wrap and an iced white mocha from the counter and took a seat near a window -- plenty of natural light for this room, which was a plus.All the sandwiches, salads and wraps are hand made after they're ordered and it makes a difference. My special wrap was a kind of augmented chef's salad that was crisp, fresh and tasty. And my iced white mocha was exceptional.Great service with friendly folks behind the counter and serving.
2	Very underwhelming. We went through the drive thru since we had our animals with us. We ordered 2 drinks. A large iced dirty chai and a medium dirty chai. When he brought our coffees to the window the iced chai was definitely a medium. We asked if this was their large and he assured us it was. The drink was still warm on the bottom and melted the ice VERY quick. So it ended up being a luke warm chai. We went back to the ordering board to check sizes and there was a 20oz size drink which is what we paid for. The drink wasn't very good though for me to want to go get a larger size. Looking in the window the place looked super awesome inside. Wish the service and quality of the drink were good enough to want to return.
5	The spark plugs here are perfect and the price is too reasonable you'll find yourself ordering 7 more.
3	Good food, great coffee. The service sucks. Unfriendly and unhelpful at the counter and how long does a spinach salad take to make?
1	I went in to gamble. Had an okay time. Joined their members club. Came back the next day to use a $10 match play that you get when you join, but have to wait till the next day to use. Was okay even though the keno denom winnings are ridiculously low. If I hit 5 out of 5 anywhere else for what I bet I'd win $160. If I win it there w/5 out of 5 for what I bet it's like $20. Freakin stupid. And then I'm done gambling and the lady says"sir, you have to pay your tab". WHAT!!! Freakin WHAT!!!!! So pissed...They charged me for my drink. Are you freakin kidding me. Oh okay I'll pay. How much is it? $6.50. Gee whizz that's expensive. I just lost my $25 and now you want more from me. That place can go **** themselves. I'm livid. I go in to gamble anywhere else and drinks are free as long as I gamble. There. Apparently, not so much. Do I recommend that place. NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Nice decor!  Staff was friendly!  Went for a late night cocktail and was greeted promptly.  I ordered a glass of Riesling only to find out that the they were out of that particular brand.  However, the bartender was nice enough to offer me a more expensive Riesling at the same price as the one that I ordered!  Didn't order any food, but overall it was a nice low-key place for a nightcap!  They also have free wifi.
1	I actually used to like coming in here...until today. My co-worker and I went in to pick up food we had called in and ordered. When we got there I asked the guy if we could split our tab. Apparently this was an issue, since they had already rang everything up together. The guy seemed very upset and told us that if that was the case we were gonna have to wait for him to figure it out. I asked him if he wanted to know what was being split up-? with a grumpy look on his face said- "not now- i told you to wait" we waited and our food sat in a corner...waited some more...food...still sitting..still waiting.Finally, asked the guy if he was going to ring us up- AFTER A DEEP SIGH- rang us up- telling me he would split the orders- took my card and rang up $36+ on my card. He banged on his register and said "g-d**n it" By then I'd had enough of his bad day. Let him know it wasnt a problem, keep it all on my card- no worries-I just wanted outta there. My co-worker then asked if she could order iced teas and again with that grumpy face was like "didnt you get those already" He stomped back to the iced-tea station. Sorry we want to give you more of our money despite your attitude.This guy makes me never want to go back- he was so horrible to us! I can only imagine how he treats his employees. Which by the way looked overwhelmed in the kitchen, while he's just standing around, arms crossed.My boss was the unlucky recipient of one of the wraps we ordered and he came out of his office and said it was the most disgusting wrap ever- scorching mayonnaise-y mess- chipotle sauce and basically bologna made to look like fresh turkey. old iceberg lettuce. SHAME ON YOU!!!Also, a group of my co-workers were outside having lunch and came back into the office late---apparently they waited a good 30 minutes to get their old lettuce bologna wraps. Nice.To the owners- download the epi-curious app- its free- and more importantly HIRE more people so that your grumpy register guy (white-baldspot w/ glasses) can just sit around and do nothing all day so that he is in a better mood when paying customers come in to your place.never going back again- will send an office email to staff of 30 sharing the link to my review.
1	Not sure what is going on at this place, but it is a disaster.  Two work colleagues and I went in for lunch today.  There were two people at a table and two people at the bar.  Nobody else in there.  This should have tipped me off, but unfortunately it didn't.  It took them 5 minutes or so to take our orders at the counter.  For some reason, rather than running my card and handing me the receipt, the employee insisted on putting my card and both receipts in the booklet and then handing it to me for me to stand there and sign and hand it back to him. So weird.Anyway, we waited for about 25 minutes before two of us got our food.  The third plate came out about 8 minutes later.  We all ordered the exact same thing: turkey wrap.The turkey wrap was a disaster.  It was basically a low-quality tortilla with chopped lettuce, and chopped provolone in the middle.  There were 2 slices of low-quality deli turkey rolled up in the tortilla.  The one decent part was the sauce - it was a little spicy and made the food almost edible.  I am convinced that turkey was purchased from the Oscar Meyer part of the grocery store, along with the cheese.  I have no idea why this place has any good reviews, unless they are strictly reviewing coffee or drinks (which none of us had).  Just terrible - do not waste your time or money.
3	Interesting concept.  The coffee and food menu are pretty standard.  Got a warm mocha latte and a ham panini.  Both were mediocre in quality.  They have alcoholic coffee drinks, so that's neat.  There were people working on laptops, as well as a dude smoking a cigar and playing a slot.  Like I said, interesting concept.  I would say this is more of a tavern than a coffee house because the coffee menu was pretty limited.  I wouldn't plan to do any extensive studying here but assignments and more thoughtless things of the like would be more appropriate.   It's really spacious inside and they have a drive through.One last thing, they played country music the whole time.
3	Very nice once you're inside, but getting people in seems to be the problem.  Coffee house AND a bar? When people don't know what something is they are less likely to give it a chance.  Very nice and modern decor! Gaming seems very good in here also.  The staff is friendly and accommodating but food seems to take a little too long especially for the simple menu they have.  Very nice outdoor seating but with soft mellow music it screams "come in and do your homework".  This bar has serious potential
4	Stopped by with a friend for a cold beer after a late afternoon meeting. They didn't have Blue Moon, so I tried a citrusy, French brew which was surprisingly good. They have a few Happy Hour deals-- tap beer, wine and well cocktails were all on special. The bartender was friendly but didn't engage in much conversation. There was only one other group of people at the restaurant. They had a few food items on the table-- all of which looked pretty tasty and, by the time I left, they were GONE so I'm assuming the food is good! I'll have to come back and try for myself!
5	This place is great.  Love coming here just to kick back.  Bartenders are nice and friendly and they have a few more games than just poker and keno.  Coffee is good and the breakfast sandwich I had was tasty.  I'll definately keep coming back.
5	Good place to stop in and get some work done. Free WiFi that was much faster than other coffee shops. Comfy chairs and decent food.
5	Delicious! :) Came here for lunch during the World Cup. Very chill and very nice employees. The paninis are great!
5	Delicious! :) Came here for lunch during the World Cup. Very chill and very nice employees. The paninis are great!
5	Awesome ice coffee and croissants! I go every Saturday morning. I haven't yet to go inside I usually use the drive thru. The staff is really friendly!
4	The dirty chai was on point! The vanilla latte with vanilla vodka was also amazing. The staff was super friendly and accommodating. The semester is starting and I will be back to study and have a cocktail. We didn't try the food but it looks like there could be some good vegan and non vegan friendly options. They have machines and do comp based on play it seemed like. This will be a great Sunday night study spot once and a while.
5	Awesome place! Wifi, alcoholic beverages, panini sandwiches, gambling, and sports all in one place for 24 hours 7 days a week!
4	A coffee shop and bar?  You wouldn't think it would work but it does. The coffee and iced teas are not their best items. If you are a real coffee drinker go with an Americano so you aren't disappointed. The staff is always really laid back and attentive. They play great music and try to accommodate requests.  Even though they are not equipped with a full kitchen like some of their other locations they have good sandwiches and selection of breakfast snacks. The specialty coffee drinks are pretty good and they have reasonably priced alcoholic beverages. Good place to go if you have a group that is tired of hanging out in your typical bar.
2	I will give them 2 stars instead of 1 because their Chicken Cesar wrap is yummy, but the service......lets just say, I can see why there's no business. First time I came was late afternoon, around 3pm, only 2 people in the entire place. I ordered a smoothie and a wrap, the employee at the counter wasn't familiar with their menu at all. He asked me a few times after the order was placed and paid for, what kind of smoothie was it again and what tortilla for my wrap again. A few people walk in and needless to say, it took 20 minutes to get my food, extra 5 minutes cause he missed the to go part. Idk why I came back but I did. Next, and very last time, we walk in around 2:30am to get some food and to play. Not sure if there was 2 bartenders on shift cause one kept going back and forth from behind the bar and was gambling. But both were unhappy and it reflected on service. Keep in mind that there was only 1 other guest, the bartender(s) dropped off a menu and disappeared and the other just sat at her machine and continued to play. I made a gesture and no one responded, so we left. The bartender did apologize, but there's no excuse for repetitive bad service.
1	I am not a fan. Came in one morning to play some video poker and get coffee drinks. Atmosphere is nice. The coffee drinks and alcoholic coffee drinks looked good. The server did not comp my drink though. I was playing with enough money in the machine to receive complimentary drinks and I ordered the drink after i had been playing a while. When I asked him if my drinks were complimentary he corrected it. My guess is that he was just going to correct it after I paid for the drinks and left. This gave me a slimy feeling and I decided I have better places to go. The place is nice. The staff there is shady.
1	The photo I added explains it all. Poor service from a semi drunk bartender. Don't ask for a Manhattan unless you want grenadine and Jamison.
4	Seriously ... What the sh1t !I went for a late night craigslist deal just before midnight and was so hyped over my killer  buy that i didn't want to go straight home. I don't eat fast food (if i can help it) and i simply felt for a coffee and not from a gas station. My trusty Yelp app to the rescue which took me to The Lodge Coffee House & Tavern. First thing i noticed was the flashing signage out front that revealed a deal i could not say no to. $2.99 ANY SIZE Pumpkin Spice Latte, YES please. This reminds me of when i was in Seattle and Tully's coffee did the same thing and i returned everyday of my vacation for the same promo deal and of course great coffee. Starbucks, CBTL, etc never offer anything of this sort and certainly not any size. Walking in was a trip but it wasnt as terrible as i expected. When i think tavern i think sad dull bar atmosphere with addicted video poker players, smoking cigarettes, not my cup of tea. But this place is not too shabby, decent decor, a little more lively, certainly a decent patio area to sit outside and the guy behind the counter was pretty upbeat and sociable. My Pumpkin Latte surprised me as it was not too sweet, the perfect drinking temp, and with the promo the perfect cost to end a night of deal hunting. I will be back.. for another latte this week and in the future to see if they continue the trend of promo deals, and i might even find myself working out of the patio area one afternoon who knows. Keep it up guys, this place doesnt suck and you surprised me.
4	Coffee is great.   Food I've had thus far is good also. Casual nice atmosphere.  Service is solid.  Only complaint is they don't have a full service kitchen and thus a very limited food menu.  Plenty of alcohol and brew.  Nice local spot
5	This place is great and the service was even better!
1	Stopped for coffee - myself being the only customer inside the establishment.  Onecustomer in the drive thru.Had to wait for the coffee to be brewed ?  What's that about, no fresh coffee readyat 8:00 a.m.  Also, they put the cream in - something I do not like, I prefer to addmy own cream.  I paid over $2.00 for a cup of coffee, brought my own cup. The coffee was bitter - so awful I could not drink it.  And not hot - semi warmcoffee - ugh!  Did receive a receipt of a thank you from the very "I'd rather be anywhere else"staff.  Never again!
