4	For the price, it's a great Las Vegas buffet.  The range of food and the dining area is definitely smaller than buffets at other hotels (especially compared to someplace like the Carnival Buffet at the Rio) but it wasn't crowded when I went and the service was pretty good.  Champagne wasn't on the drink menu when I paid, but the server offered us champagne at our table.
2	For the price, it is a decent Buffet. Most items on the menu were deep friend in some form or fashion. Everything was much too salty. The desserts were stale. I'd go back if I were hungry and extra poor (or if it were free) but I wouldn't seek it out again.  It does, however, get brownie points for good decor. It fits the palms...
2	For all the advertising The Palms has done the past year for the revamped buffet..the bottom line is..it sucked before, it still sucks now.  I would go to The Orleans buffet over this place in a heartbeat.  BUT they do have 1 thing going for them. For some reason, they have the single greatest oatmeal raisin cookie of all time. My wife noted that I may feel this way because the food there is so blah that when I get to  the cookie, it tastes amazing.  Who knows?I read this article a couple of months ago about George Maloof (owner of The Palms) and how he's so meticulous regarding the details of everything that goes on in this place.  How can he possibly be satisfied with how the buffet is here?  I would rather just shell out a couple of more bucks and go somewhere else.
3	A sad little vegas buffet, in my opnion. The only plus was the price which was under $20.  We went for sunday brunch, wouldn't go back, nor would I recommend it to anyone else. Our omelttes were good, the bacon was fine but there just wasn't much there- no shrimp?  What is a las vegas buffet without shrimp?  I ask  you. What?
1	Got another coupon for 2 free dinner buffets at the palms - i haven't been there since they opened ( also a freebie ) didn't care for the place then...like it even less now...salad bar -  ehhhh - they make a big deal about "freezing" the salad bowls...they have 2 sushi choices...looks like they were purchased at the deli counter at albertson's...but hey...it's a salad bar...who cares !?!they have sections based on cuisine - mediterranean, chinese, italian, american, etc.. ...for the most part , i think the food is prepared in big microwaves in the back room.  the carving station - saw a big chunk of meat - asked the carver is that brisket ??  yes...i'll take a piece...one bite...it's ham !!!  are you shittin' me ?  i almost wanted to go up a 2nd time and ask , " is that shit ??" answer ...yes....ok gimme a slice !i actually liked the turkey...big deal....geez palms...you outta be ashamed !!
1	This was an exorbitant waste of money.  First of all, it is a very small buffet in its offerings in comparison to all the other one's I've been too, and the food was just, bleh.  The only good thing I could say was that some of the desserts were pretty good.  But overall, save your money and go to a better buffet.
3	Found myself near the Palms and hungry this evening, and I had a coupon for half off the buffet at the Palms, so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I've had the buffet a few times before it closed and reopened as the Bistro Buffet, and it seems pretty much the same to me.  A few more nicer items like sushi (very sub-par buffet sushi), crab legs (acceptable), and carving station (prime rib was sub-par, but they had brisket which was ok but tasted like ham to me).  For $8, I can't really complain, though -- it did the job.
1	Terrible buffet! For it being the Palm's and renovated and stuff, this buffet sucks. It's not worth the price. It's dull and the food is terrible. Save your moohla, go the food court or walk across the street to the Rio's.
3	This buffet can be worth your 18 bucks if you really go for the good stuff. It isn't usually very packed, so if you grab the food in fresh batches instead of the stuff that has been sitting out under heat lamps you'll be ok. We ate here two nights in a row, and on the second night I pretty much had it down: 2 slices of prime rib, 2 cuts of the filet mignon (wait for a new batch, though), strawberry chicken (in the asian section), then straight to dessert: brownie with ice cream and cherries to top it off with a latte from their fully automatic Douwe Egberts machine and I was happy. FYI - you also get $3 off if you're a Club Palms cardholder
1	Just didn't like their food. French toast doesn't taste as good as it look. Scramble eggs kinda soggy too me. Quality of the food was just poor. It's edible, but not enjoyable. Coming from Palms, I would expect somewhat decent food. And the only fruits available were oranges or apples. Selection was scarce.
2	We tried out the Buffet on a Sunday brunch. This buffet is very limited. On top of being limited the offerings are very bland. Sweet and Sour is neither sweet nor sour. The pancakes cold and soggy. The salad bar was so small that it is basically a green iceberg with ranch pickings. The service was poor. At one point I actually had to tap a waiter on the shoulder to get more drink service after having already requested drinks about 15 minutes before. Very poor. The only redeeming quality of the Sunday brunch is the unlimited mimosa, if you can get them brought to the table. Even the food court at the Palms would offer something more enticing.
1	Uh...horrible food. And I was even uh, under the influence...the kind where anything tastes good, and it was still bad. I wouldn't eat here if I were starving in the desert. The Palms was a great place to stay, the 24-7 Cafe had GREAT food. It's too bad the buffet was so bad....
2	You would expect a lot more being a buffet at The Palms Casino Resort... But don't get your hopes up TOO high...I mean, it isn't terrible I just had way better and expected a lot better. Their breakfast has a decent selection but overall selection is terrible. $18 isn't bad for a buffet but that $18 you are paying goes all into the pretty decor this buffet has to offer... The one dish I really liked though was the fillet mignon, surprised the hell out of me... I was happy to eat something worth $18 here. Yeah I'd go back, if I was hung over or drunk... or just really hungry and had $18 left in my wallet..
2	I so should of checked yelp before we just decided to eat here on a whim. We went here for brunch...nothing great or grand. I recall the eggs benedict were yummy....can't remember anything else. Which tells you there isn't anything memorable about this place (i was here just about 2 weeks ago). So I think they need to make it a point to improve...though the line is deceiving. Save your money, time, and expectations and head over to the food court.
5	After receiving a coupon book in the mail with a 2 for 1 buffet coupon we decided with the referral of a friend to give it a go.2 people for $16.99. Glad we did. They have snow crab legs, broiled fillet Mignon, Cajun pork chops, BBQ beef ribs, sea bass, escargot, pizza,pasta,chinese,salad bar & soup, sushi and dessert bar. Plus the carving station too. Everything was fresh, the servers were fast & friendly, the coupons are good for 2 lunches & 2 dinners 2 for 1 every 2 months. Well worth the price for a "Strip" buffet. Get an extra $1 off per person with players card. fillet or crab legs alone are worth the price of admission. a smaller selection than others but better consistency here.
3	You're kidding right?  So, I have visited my share of buffets in my time.  Some locals that I was staying with this past weekend had buy 1 get 1 tickets for the Bistro Buffet.  Naturally we attended in order to try and safe some cash for the Casino.On we go-  Up to get some food when I notice they have snow crab legs.  I thought that was awesome, and might want to get some, but the closer I got to the buffet the more I saw people literally caring 1, 2 some even THREE plates full of crab legs.  Overflowing, falling off the plate, but holding onto them for dear life.I walked around, and saw two trays full of crab legs, and got in line.  The people in front of me were almost like animals!  They had there children, who were screaming that crab legs were disgusting, holding plates to be filled up just for them!  By the time I got up, it was picked clean, only some scraps left - I managed to find two lone legs at the bottom of the heap that were trying to hide from the masses, but I made took them!Sadly, they were only decent.  The cuts of meat however were pretty tasty.  An Italian meatloaf basted in a red wine sauce was excellent - the shrimp dishes were spicy and full of flavor.Overall - the options were pretty good, and all pretty tasty!  I would come in again sometime.
3	We have just eaten here for the first time just a week or so ago for dinner but we had some more coupons we could use before the 31st & we both ate for $5 total for 2 people. Lunch doesn't have the sushi, crab legs or filet mignon but it does have the carving station with prime rib and turkey, grilled sirloin steak,  they have lots of chinese , some greek, some italian pasta & pizza, all the salad fixins-a little skimpy, there's some southern stuff and a little lebanese chicken & sides, soups(broccoli soup ,hot & sour soup)-an espresso machine  -BUT- there was No mexican food items, no seafood or sushi, no egg rolls and a very small salad bar. Overall for $5 it was great, for $10 it's pretty damn good but if it were a $17-$20 buffet I'd have to pass, to me it was ok but it was missing a little umph!! this time around.Its still a pretty good lunch buffet but the dinner is much better.
3	Pretty nice looking buffet at the Palms Casino and very cheap but food was just okay.  The reason we came here was indeed for price.  Had a list of buffets and this one showed up as one of the cheapest ones for breakfast and could you really mess up breakfast???  They didn't mess it up too bad but I can't say it was really good either...  $7.99 for the Breakfast Buffet...  Can't Beat it!
4	this would have to be one of the better buffets in vegas.  no joke.  located in one of the most BEAST tellys in vegas, the palms. too bad its not on the strip. they have a cool green and orange colorway going on. siick.  pretty crowded here and pretty cheap at like $10 per person i think. its not as big, but the food is a lot better than most of the newer buffets in vegas. im surprised by some of the bad reviews here cause i found it pretty good.they have all the basics: asian, italian, american, dessert. they also have a mocha machine, which is a plus. the pasta and prime rib here is above average than the other buffets fasho and oh man, the baked fish was craaazy. didnt try the asian. excellent cheesecake.its everything you'd expect from another buffet. food isnt bad. fast, friendly service. i cant complain about anything. just the PRICE alone would bring me back again yo.
3	We (hubby and I) had breakfast here our second day in Vegas during our honeymoon. The price was great, less than $20 for both of us. The selections were pretty good, all fresh and hot. You definitely get your money's worth with just one trip to the buffet line. The only odd part, when they asked for our drink orders at the cashier, hubby ordered lemonade and I ordered hot chocolate. His was brought to him, but I had to fetch my own from a machine at the buffet counter. Other than that, it's worth a trip for a decent and affordable breakfast.
3	I was incredibly disappointed with the selection and quality of food.  I'm really not that picky with buffets.  As long as I can find 2 or 3 items that I genuinely like, I walk away happy.  I could barely find one item that I truly enjoyed.  I should clarify that this buffet isn't terrible.  I just expected better from the Palms.EDIT: I received some free buffet coupons in the mail, so I gave the place another chance.  It was night and day.  I actually enjoyed everything I ate and some dishes were even spectacular.  I particularly enjoyed the scallops and bowtie pasta dish, the root beer pulled pork, and the drunken mushrooms over mashed potatoes.
3	For $10, this is entirely the best lunch in the palms.  As a walked from Palms Place to the Palms the huge neon sign proclaims the Palms as a "Malouf Casino" Knowing Malouf is a Lebanese name, I guess I shouldn't have been so surprised to see some Tabbouleh, Hummus and babaghanoush.   Stick to the lebanese specialties and it's worth more than $10, for sure! There were kebabs, rice and Lebanese Rice pudding coated in pistashios.  I really quite enjoyed that part of lunch. The atmosphere is modern, but casino-crowd.  $10 even includes a US-sized beverage!  Service was not as attentive or quick at taking plates away as some buffets in LV.
4	If I had written this review 6 months ago - there would be one and half stars and Id be counting the ways as to why you should avoid the place. The food, which looked good, with a gourmet slant, was nearly inedible across the board. I went twice to make sure I hadn't caught them on a bad day, give them another chance, but no, it was far worse the second time around. Since then, Ive avoided the Palms Buffet like the plague, even though it is the closest buffet to my house, and even though I go there several times a week for other reasons.I have eaten at the Buffet twice in the past week (because I got free buffet comps for giving blood), and I am happy to tell all - the quality of the food has vastly improved. And the speed of the front operations as well as service has also improved. So much so, I had to personally find the Chef d'cuisine and compliment him and the staff. Granted, this is a small buffet, and because of the realities of buffet service, we're not giving out Michelin stars here. BUT. The fresh meats and breads are truly gourmet level. The fish, beef, chicken are prepared in ways that are comparable to very expensive restaurants, not simply done by rote. For example - they have a "Spicy Chicken", which looks like fried chicken  patties. Oh my god - I have not such tender chicken in YEARS. The flavors came out in complex waves, the spiciness not making itself known until LAST. The pieces were garnished with fresh bell peppers and tomatoes and cheese which did not overpower the flavor of the marinated meat and spiced batter, which I can tell is far more than flour and eggs.The snow crab legs were tender. The popcorn shrimp popped with katsu flakes, light and tender, not at all overcooked. The Salisbury steak was meaty (although doused with BBQ sauce, not properly made gravy). Even the SUSHI. Normally, I don't like my sushi made and then put in the freezer, but the rolls were oh so fresh, very fresh fish that I would've dined all day on them.I could go on and on - but you get the idea. It was EXCELLENT.So, I am sad to give the reason I left a star off this review:I am not fond of ice cold deserts, except for ice cream. Like the sushi and other pieces in the salad area, the deserts were made before service and stored in cold freezers, then taken out just before the start of service. Which is a shame, for I had fresh fruit tarts that should win competitions, cake that gave me a contact high and cream things that would sell for 10 bux apiece on the open market.In 6 months, changes have been made at the Palms Bistro Buffet for the better. It has gone from a place I swore I would never spend my hard earned again, to a place I plan on going back whenever I want to treat myself. It has gotten that good. I hope it is that way 6 months from now.
4	For $18, it's a great deal.  Half of our group went here for Champagne Brunch, the other half went to the Paris hotel.  They hda to wait in line for an hour, we didn't.  They had to wait 15 minutes to get seated, we didn't.  They also had sushi and crepes at theirs.  But, ours was still really delicious and cheaper.  Plus we saw Chuy from the Chelsea Handler show!  We also had: - Champagne - Mimosas - Peanut butter syprup for the pancakes (I would go back just for that) -  Lebanese Rice Pudding  - Crab legs! - All of the breakfast items were fresh, I could eat their baked goods every day.   Well, maybe not every day but you get the idea.BASCIALLY:  It's less expensive than most of the champagne brunches, the food is really good, not as much variety as some, but I would totally go back. -
1	Don't waste your money! Not only is the selection extremely limited, but the quality is appalling! And I'm not at all picky! Crusty bagels and muffins, terrible bacon and sausage (I make way better at home). I don't know why they even bother having a buffet if it isn't done right. This is an absolute embarrassment. Frankly, you would be better off eating from the food court. I've been to way better buffets downtown. Don't go unless it's free; trust me.
3	Good PriceI cam here for a breakfast buffet and it was pretty goodThe selection was pretty good and would come back....
3	I went to the Bistro Buffet prior to an evening concert.The buffet was not crowded early in the evening. The service was fine, the food was O.K.Most people were eating the snow crab legs.I enjoyed the sushi, and made a french dip sandwich out of the prime rib from the carving station.I agree with Kevin K, the buffet has a nice open feel with good service, but the food will not overwhelm you.You will leave feeling comforable, because the price is very reasonable.If you have a players club rewards card you save $4.00 on dinner.A good place to eat if you neeed a quick, nice meal.
4	I was really impressed by the Mediterranean flare they had for the lunch buffet. And it was only $9.99. Service was great, they had an espresso machine that was really nice. So sorry about the bad reviews. I mean it's just your average buffet but I loved the food!
2	Went here at the end of January on a Friday night and wasn't impressed.  The decor was a pistachio green with brown trim?   I get it, it's the theme of the casino, but doesn't really pop for me when looking for a place to eat.  In this case, we went for the dinner.Anyways, as buffets go, it somewhat small, as even many Indian casino buffets seem larger.   The food was decent, if uninspiring.  Nothing really stood out taste wise and the look of the buffet itself had a look not unlike a school cafeteria.   The buffet was rather lightly attended, patron wise, which made for a least a more relaxed sitting.What bothered me was that the help seemed really uninterested in their jobs.   One chef/server actually turned and walked away as  I and another approached the dessert bar, as if he had something better to do.  The guy manning the carvery saw that, stood at the meats for a while then came over, shaking his head.  Whether it was from thinking of his coworker or being bothered by having to cover for him I'm not sure, but it doesn't make for the greatest experience for a diner.The table waiter did okay, neither distinguishing himself or taking away from the experience.   So overall, I can't say this was a bad place because it wasn't.  But neither was it something I'd want to go back to.  Not when so many other better ones exist elsewhere.
1	WOW.... So I received a coupon in the mail for a buy one get one buffet, so me and the BF decided to go out and try it. Well, we walk in on a Sunday night and that might have been our first mistake. All of the food seemed like it had been sitting there since lunch time. It was old, and cold, and honestly, we were both worried about getting sick afterward. The place was empty, and our server still left our drinks empty and dirty plates on the table.People were PILING on the crab legs, and so I gave them a try... overcooked and watery. The "clarified butter" next to it was margarine, and honestly, I walked away thanking GOD that we didn't pay full price. I think McDonalds would have been a better choice.
2	This buffet was not really that good. Me and my buddy went to eat here prior to hitting the town. We get there and it was pretty empty. Maybe about five more guests were eating here. The selection was the smallest I have ever seen in Vegas. They tried to have every international flavor there is but it would only be one or two main courses. A buffet would not be a buffet without Prime Rib. The Prime Rib here was ehh. It did not seem like the middle pieces had any sort of flavor. It was juicy but not tasty. I would not recommend going to this buffet. You can definitely find a better buffet in Vegas than this.
4	A tip for everyone is to sign up for the Palms players card because they will give you a book full of coupons which includes a 2 for 1 buffet coupon.  We used the coupon for lunch and it came to $12 dollars for the both of us and we left stuffed.  We actually thought this buffet had a very interesting selection of food for lunch, including a Prime Rib carving station and Greek gyros.  And to top it off, we won our lunch money back at the casino so the meal was free in the end!
2	Considering all the great food that Vegas offers, this place should get a solid two stars at best.But I'll give it a half star more for the reasons below.Bang for your Buck.Why? Well, let me start off by saying that I've had dinner here and it's $20 a person...sure you can do better with $20 in Vegas but if you're looking at buffets in Vegas, $20 is on the inexpensive side. Now that your expectations are set, this is what you should know:There are no lines...I mean really, unless you are staying at the Palms you wouldn't go out of your way for this buffet.However, this buffet is better than almost any buffet you could find locally. (If you're into veggies, Souplantation is where you should really be headed)  But other than that, you'll come here and find a decent selection of items for your stomach's disposal. You do not get the variety or international flavor at say a Paris or Bellagio, but you can focus on....ALL you can eat Crab Legs, Prime Rib and Strawberries. This is where you'll eat your money's worth (which is hard to do at other buffets).But I kid you not, if you have some energy and willing to spend more you should head on over to the Rio buffet. In fact this summer there is a deal where you can pay $35-$40 daily  for unlimited access to six top buffets in Vegas (Paris, Rio, PH, Caeser's etc.)
4	One of the perks at staying at the Palms is getting comp'd for many of our food. So we decide to try their buffet which was Bistro. The prime rib was cooked a medium well so it wasn't too bad but not great. It wasn't too tough to chew and it did have tons of flavor.. maybe because I put tons of aui ju and salt. =) Their sushi selection wasn't great but the ones they had were tasty. I felt they could have put more sushi in stead of having the roll be 85% rice. The snow crab legs were great...very sweet and easy to open. Their desert area was pretty good. Their eclairs were good especially with the ice cream. Our server was fast and refilled our drinks constantly.
4	Great prices for buffet in vegas. Food quality is excellent and they have a good amount of food options to choose from. They have a little of every different ethnic food there is. Dessert there is THE BEST. Especially the cheesecake. The cheesecake and chocolate cake is nothing ive ever eaten before. I HAD to cheat a little this weekend because of it. Waiter was very consistent about refilling our drinks and comes by every so often to ask us how things were going. Plenty of seating at this place and i had a comfortable time eating here. Definitely recommending this place to my friends!
3	Pros:Some more interesting choices compared to many of the other buffets(such as Mediterranean offerings, Lumpia, etc....).The bread pudding is SO good. OMG.Price ain't bad if you got a slot club card.Cons:Service can be rudeOverpriced at face.VERY hit and miss.Very small.The only reason why I ever really come here is because I seem to always be in The Palms for one reason or another. While it's definitely MUCH MUCH better than it's original incarnation the ~Fantasy Market(seriously, WTF type of name for a restaurant is that???), it's still sorely lacking. Seeing that the unofficial theme for the Palms is the 7 Deadly Sins, I personally think that they decided to focus on Gluttony the least since the fat belly that results from gluttinous acts doesn't fit in with their main focuses of Vanity and Lust.
3	We go to the Palms a lot, so this isn't a review of any ONE time I've been here. It's a solid buffet that's suffered the slump as the casino has aged - particularly in the desserts which used to be above average and feature weird items like mango cream tarts and now just seems to have the usual buffet bullshit.For a modern-built buffet, this line is very small too. The bonuses: it is cheap and has all you can eat crab. There is a Mediterranean section, though I think the quality of the Med section is terrible. There's a serve-your-own-damn-self coffee machine which makes a solid mocha. The prime rib is usually pretty great here though - they don't skimp on the seasoning for the crust which is important. Weird feature: unless you opt for the coffee machine you have to give them your drink order when you pay. Other weird feature: famous people at the buffet. Last time we saw a basketball player and someone who was obviously a hooker. A couple of times before that we saw a moderately famous rapper from the 1980s who hasn't been on a reality show and we had to explain to my dad who he was. Famous people and a lot of sex workers starting their days.
3	My friend plays at the Palms a lot so she usually pays with her points. The buffet here is pretty decent. Nothing to write home about but it usually isn't crowded and they have a nice Lebanese/Mediterranean cuisine section which strikes me a s unusual but I usually end up eating mostly from there.
2	Not too bad, it's a cheap alternative to eating at the 24-7 or the other fancier restaurants in the Palms hotel.Cheap, too. $7 for breakfast, $11 for lunch. Didn't do the dinner.Breakfast had an omelette station (they really overpack them), fruit, ham, bacon, and more.  Pastries, but no pies or ice cream, though. Ends at 10a for entry, I think.After that, the lunch buffet wasn't bad, pasta, pizza, corned beef, turkey, various American Chinese and other dishes that filled the plate and palate with all-you-can-eat goodness stuffed to the gills. Overall not a bad selection of different foods, including a Middle Eastern roast chicken dish. Different.If you're a hotel guest or card holder, you get into the "faster" line, and the regular drinks, I was impressed they had three types of sweetened ice tea (I had the green tea w/honey).Service is a bit slow.  It is smaller than most casino buffets that I am familiar with, but not bad overall. Cheap. Order drinks separately at a different price.
2	Very typical buffet but the shortened version of it.  I mean, this is very small for a Vegas buffet and charges about $22 for dinner.  So that means the options were small as well, but at least it had a carving station of prime rib only.  There was fried rice, but no orange chicken!!!I wasn't that hungry, so I wasn't too mad that there weren't too many options there.  I only got salmon and prime rib as my protein and potatoes and rice as my starch.  Can't remember anything else there that was too spectacular.  For less than $10 more, go to a bigger buffet if you're hungry.
3	MUCH improved all around and serves even better crab than the Rio.
3	My husband and I come here often because we usually get the buy one get one free coupons in the mail. It's a small buffet but I can still find things that I like. They have middle eastern food here which I usually get stuffed squash, spinach pies, grape leaves and hummus. They also make pretty good fried rice and fried spicy shrimp. I haven't tried their crab legs yet but I know that this is new to their menu because they never used to carry them. The Prime Rib is nice and tender and is my favorite especially with some A-1 sauce. It's great when they change up the menu but the only downside is sometimes I can't find my favorite items.
3	Thanksgiving weekend at Palms. King Crab Legs -yummits a small seafood buffet, so don't expect to have lobsters or crab. Free beer, wine, or sodas :)
1	This place has been bad from the very beginning, and it has not improved at all.    The only reason my wife and I went to breakfast here was we got the 2 fer 1 coupon at the players card swipe.  We figure you can't screw up bacon and eggs can you?  Well, yes you can.  I got a ham and cheese omlett, and it was watery and the cheese wasn't melted.  Yuk. Also, not a great selection.  We went to Red Rock buffet the next morning, and it blows this buffet away.   Doesn't any of the Palms management or George himself ever eat here just to sample the fare to see if it is up to Palms standards?  Apparently not.
5	I whole heartedly believe this is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  The food is varied and tasty, the prices are good and the atmosphere is also nice!We like coming back here whenever we go to Las Vegas, we know for sure we won't be disappointed.We usually attend the lunch buffet.  This is because I'm not a fan of shellfish and lobster/crab etc, which is usually the difference between lunch and dinner buffets, so we tend to stick with the cheaper lunch buffet rather than pay more for entrees we won't be eating.Anyway, the selection @ the Bistro Buffet may not be as varied as other hotels, BUT everything is good! It's a case of quality over quantity. (But don't get me wrong though, there is PLENTY of food to choose from!! Any picky eater will find something to eat!)  They have a small salad bar and a couple of types of soups to choose from, they have an International station which usually features a taco bar, mediterranean cuisine (such as falafel, lamb gyro, lebanese rice, tahini sauce..... & more.. usually a chef's special), Chinese food (eggrolls, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, a couple of soups), a really tasty carving station (very nice, juicy turkey, prime rib.... and ham) with the proper side dishes (today was whipped potatoes, deep fried creamed corn (yum!), gravy, stuffing....) and an American food section with various meat & potatoes dishes, like chicken, steaks, sauteed veggies etc.THEN .... there's desserts.  Their dessert section is awesome.  First of all... frozen yogurt machine.  All the ice cream you can eat. I mean... no buffet is complete without it!   They also have a good selection of petits fours, cookies, puddings & Jello.... but the best part about the dessert section at the Palms is their bakery counter!  There are probably 20-30 different types of cakes and pies behind that counter, and upon request you can have a slice (or more) of whichever cakes or pies you choose.  They're not stingy so if you wanna sample 10 cakes, they'll let you.  So far, any cakes/pies I've had there have been nothing but excellent.Service & staff at the Bistro Buffet is always very good, their waiters are always nearby to top off your drinks & clean dirty plates.I know there are probably better buffets in Las Vegas, such as the Bellagio and the Wynn.... but if you combine price AND food and take all that into consideration, I highly believe that this buffet deserves 5 stars.Can't wait to go back!
1	We had dinner here before going to a concert at the Pearl and were disappointed. We came on seafood night and could not find lemons anywhere. I'm not sure if other people like fresh lemon juice on their seafood, but we sure do!On top of the missing lemons, the food was average to poor in the flavor department and the service was terrible. I don't think I would eat here again even if it was the last buffet in Vegas.
4	Bistro Buffet, your food was pretty good. Not great, but good and solid and the cooks were working like mad, unlike those deserted tables at the Rio Carnival buffet. But I want to thank you for providing some terrific service. My family and I wanted to host a dinner for guests flying into my wedding, and the Bistro Buffet was so accommodating in reserving a large section for us and letting people walk straight through as they got to Vegas and checked in. The waitress, who I think was named Shirley, was the kindest, sweetest server. Hugs!  And the inclusive beer and wine really hit the spot.
2	This was my first visit (3/29/11).  I was a bit underwhelmed.  I knew it was the largest buffet line and that is fine with me.  The majority of the selections looked like they had been there a while which translated into some dry chicken.  The lamb shank and crab was decent.
2	Ok so I eat here frequently due to My boss always wanting to go eat there and I remember what it was like when it first opened up and it was really good back then, but last night just summed up where this buffet is going... to the dumps. The Crab had a lot of "black" rotten looking parts and was not cooked well, the sushi is meh, the rest of the food was very "dry" and most looked as if it has just been sitting there a long time. I remember when it used have a great Middle Eastern selection, which is now some dried up meat slices and pita bread and a few other things. I really cannot believe there letting it get this bad.I have to say the best thing for me last night was the vanilla ice cream from the machine.It is not even that cheap of a buffet.The servers are nice and generally fast so that saved this review from a one star.We did talk to the waitress and she said many customers are complaining but that the manager lady says the foods good and does not want to hear it.Sadly, this gets my first two star rating.
1	The food was fresh, mainly tasteful, and the place was clean. I am giving it one star because I am comparing it to other buffets in Las Vegas. That's tough competition, and this was mediocre, with a lot less selection than any other buffet I have been to. I went on Friday night, "Seafood Night," so the price is a bit higher at $24.99. They promoted sushi and sashimi. There was no sashimi, and the sushi was plain California rolls and eel rolls. Very little variety.On the upside, if you want to drink, it's all-you-can-drink beer and wine.
4	Great breakfast spread. Ate there every day for breakfast and there was something new every time. Very friendly staff as well.
1	The Bistro Buffet at the PALMS is Absloutly the WORST Buffet in Las Vegas! All food was processed, frozen low quality. Food was also old and dry. Prime Rib was like rubber and tasted like it was steamed instead of roasted. Salad bar had very few offerings. Deserts were very cheap looking and stale. For $24.99 you would expect much better. Many (if not all) employee cafeterias in Las Vegas serve better food for FREE! NEVER AGAIN!!!!
3	Hit or Miss... Sadly, my fav buffet has slipped down the list. Misses: Once fabulous smoked salmon has been replaced by 'Hawaiian Fish'. Sometimes there is a wait for crab (dinner) and what is left in the serving tray is luck of the draw. There is a great self-serve coffee machine...when it is operational. Desserts? Often nothing much left. You are then forced to wait for a 'chef' to serve you pie from the case. Salad bar is usually fresh,but has always been lacking in variety and size. Sushi is very limited in selection and of only average quality. Hits: The Lebanese selections,though limited,are generally very good. Chinese area has a good basic rotating selection. It's nice to see the more authentic lemon-chicken over the Americanized 'orange-chicken'. Most dishes are still above average...believe it or not from this review. Service: Again very inconsistent. Table service has almost always been the best employee/ customer contact. Good drink refills and plate clearing by friendly staff. Now free wine/beer to forget declining quality. Cashiers. I almost have left on more than one occasion before even eating, having to deal with the cashiers. Hint! if you hate customer service, please go work in the kitchen! Summary: There has been a good 'SALE' for a couple months. It is a great value now. Give it a try again. However,if you are trying to use something like a $20 food credit from the player's card, be warned they will not honor the full value in combination with the reduced price.
1	Heard some great things about this place so the boyfriend and I decided to check it out since we had no idea what we wanted to eat for dinner.   One word: disappointed.The food selection was decent.  They even had prime rib and snow crab legs.  However, it was the food quality that was horrible.  Everything tasted either too salty or just bland.  By the looks of it, most of food seemed to be sitting out too long.  The service wasn't that great either.  Our server came by at the most two times.  We needed refills on drinks that we never got.  The buffet does unlimited beer.  We are not fans of Miller High-Life so we decided to pass on that. All in all, we will never go back again.  There are far too many buffets in Vegas to venture to if we ever are in the mood.  This place just doesn't have what it takes.
1	A girlfriend invited me to take advantage of a 2-for-1 coupon and her rewards card to eat here for under $12.  We came during lunch time.  The buffet had a hot dog stand with lots of fixings, a Chinese section, a salad bar, an Italian and Mexican section, a Middle Eastern (Lebanese) area, a prime rib and turkey station, a southern American section with barbecue beef ribs, corn on a cob, collard greens, and a desert area with sugar free pies at the bottom rack.  It sounds like a lot but really it isn't.  Service was very good but the food itself was passable. The flavors of the food were just either salty, sweet, just mediocre.  The only thing that stood out for me was the Lebanese chicken, so don't pass that up when you come here. The selection was also not very appealing.  Good thing it was cheap! It is no wonder it's a 2-for-1 buffet! On the positive side, I liked how we had a choice of wine or beer on top of whatever drinks we've already ordered.
2	Decided to check out this buffet after passing by it the previous night.  All I can say is disappointed.  My BF is a HUGE buffet fan and we were both very disappointed with the lack of selection.  Yes it was a seafood night but we were left wondering where the other foods were, like pasta.The service was unremarkable (to put it nicely).  Even though she was always in the area the only time our server asked me if I wanted a refill was right before we were getting up to leave.We came, we ate, we won't be returning.
2	**Summary**       - Coupon - We got a $19.99 for two dinner buffets coupon in the mail, so we thought we'd give it a try.       - Crab Legs & Dessert - The only two redeemable qualities to this place.       - Selection - The selection is pitiful compared to other buffets. I'm not even comparing this to strip buffets. I'm talking about station casino buffets.       - Quality - There are some dishes that I can't believe they screwed up. For example, this is the only buffet that screwed up mac-n-cheese. I mean, they have microwave ready packets of that stuff that tasted better. **Price**       - $19.99 for Dinner. $13.99 with a Palms card through June**Ordered**       - Crab Legs - A bit dry, but not too bad considering the price. You do, however, have to fight off throngs of mannerless patrons who believe it's their right to stand in front of the crabs and pick at them for all the "good" pieces. How rude.       - Desserts - Not a bad selection of desserts. They're all behind glass so you have to ask for it. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A?select=e7ODVbBdgvwyiCSXkkqULQ)       - Cappuccino Machine - They have a cappuccino machine to the right of the desserts that spits out hot chocolate, espressos, etc.       - Meats - Prime rib, steak, etc. were completely dry and overcooked.       - Asian - Mongolian beef wasn't bad. However, they tried to pass off fried shrimp as salt and pepper shrimp.       - Hot Dog - They had a bacon wrapped hot dog. I figured even they couldn't screw this up. I was sorely mistaken.       - Sushi - I got two pieces and had to leave the second for fear it tasted like the first piece.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place if they paid me. The only reason I'm not giving this place a one star is the value.
1	EW.  Jail food probably tastes better.  Wanted to barf on my first bite.   Only edibles things are:-pickles-carrot cake-tiramisu
4	At the time I went there was a promotion going on. With a Palm's Club Card breakfast was 5.99, Dinner was 7.99 and seafood buffet was 13.99. My girlfriend and I had breakfast here, and dinner here and it was all dandy.The food wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible either. And for under $15 for breakfast and $20 for dinner, I really have nothing bad to say about this place.I am a meat eater and had no problem getting my fix during breakfast and dinner.My only possible complaint, was that the refills didn't come as often as I wanted to but it's okay. I'm willing to overlook that.4 stars!
2	This place is the epitome of meh.There really isn't much to say about this place. The food is just ok, bordering on blah. It's on par with the buffet at Palace Station or Gold Coast. Just generic food that wasn't particularly appetizing and lacked any sort of appealing flavors. I stuck with the crab legs, which weren't particularly fresh or tasty and made sure to make my price of admission back with juice and soda refills! Hah The service was good, our waiter came by to check on us regularly with refills and to clear away plates.Luckily, we had a coupon, so this is the only reason we ate here. If you have a comp or a coupon, by all means, partake... otherwise, just walk on by.
3	Sorry but honestly, this is a pass.The crab legs are probably the only noteworthy dish here, except they seem to taste saltier and saltier as I go to get more.  Do they intentionally marinate the crab with the saltwater it came with so the customers get tired of eating it? I don't know..The Asian dishes are terrible, like always in many buffets.  Even the dessert section was pretty sad.  A couple of standard cakes here and there, a ice cream machine.The western section was pretty alright, they have a modest variety of meat.  Also the pizza was pretty good, thin crust and cooked crispy to my liking.  But it did little to help the experience.The thing that really blew this place for me was the service.  Yeah, the service.  How you can get bad service from a buffet, you ask? As I was reaching to grab a slice of turkey, the chef snatches the thong from my hand and gives me one that was cleaned up.  I understand they might be busy and just want to cycle out the meat crusted thongs that's been lying around all day, but seriously, at least ask for it..I can hand it over to you just fine, you don't need to snatch it from my hand :[As for the waitress, my cup remained empty for I don't even know how long.  Waving my hand in the air in desperation does little to help.  And the salty crab legs didn't help either.  I would've choked on my food if I didn't calm it down with some ice cream.  I know it was lunch time and it's a buffet, but I've had better service at much busier venues.All in all, not really recommending it.PRO: Some variety, Palms is a relatively nice venueCON: Food is bad, service is awfully slow and pretty terrible
2	I went here because we had a coupon for bogo buffet. We paid $20 even for two people. Pretty cheap for Vegas! OK, so we walk in and notice that it is a really pretty buffet. Decorated nicely, classy. But the food itself was really lacking. There was hardly anything vegetarian friendly, and very few options in general. One of the smallest buffets I have ever seen. I had whipped potatoes (generic), sauteed mushrooms (decent), and a piece of pizza (good but not worthy of $10), and a few random dessert cakes, as well as half a bowl of broccoli soup (meh). My boyfriend ate much more than me so it wasn't totally a bust, but for me, I still left with something to be desired. For a buffet they spent so much creating, they could really focus on the food. The two stars comes for the sweet but busy waitress. She gave us 3 refills and apologized for taking so long between refill 2-3. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone and I wouldn't go back.
2	THIS IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE WORST BUFFETS I HAVE EVER BEEN TO IN LAS VEGAS! I HAVE NEVER LEFT A BUFFET UPSET & HUNGRY!I came here for breakfast MONDAY MORNING right after the whole EDC WEEKEND. I thought to myself...HOW CAN YOU REALL F*CK UP BREAKFAST?? ITS LIKE IMPOSSIBLE! Anywho...this place happened to do so. The eggs are tasteless...LITERALLY TASTELESS! The sausage was OK...the bacon was decent...the biscuits were whatever, etc... EVEN THE OMELET TASTED WEIRD...and THE APPEARANCE OF THE OMELET WAS DISGUSTING. Out of my whole breakfast meal...the best thing was the unlimited servings of ORANGE JUICE...and the GRAVY.I have never left a buffet so upset and so hungry in my life. On the other hand...the restaurant looked very clean and very beautiful, but the food does not speak for itself. Another thing about this place is that they have cheap food...the price for breakfast was about $7?? &&YES I WAS HUNGRY...I did not lose my appetite from you know what.FINAL words? DO NOT COME HERE! if I were to come here...it would be for Champagne BrunchUNTIL THEN!! ^-^
3	We came here for breakfast while staying at the hotel. We were pleasantly surprised. The breakfast price $6.99 and we felt really satisfied with the bargain. The French toast was perfect and I topped it with strawberries and whipped cream. The breakfast pizza was unique and not too shabby. They had a decent selection while it was not extraordinary it was sufficient and for a really good price.We came back for dinner but the selection was not that great.....BUT dessert was insanely delicious which is something you don't usually find at a buffet.....
3	It was an okay buffet. Had a really long line for no reason. The food was decent.
4	The best way to sum up the Bistro Buffet, is Quality over quantity.If you spend some time checking out Palms, you'll see that its very hip and stylish. It's got some hot clubs, bars, and a solid concert venue. It only makes sense that their buffet isn't your typical americana buffet.Their selection of entrees is diverse and a little eclectic. If that sounds like your thing, you will enjoy this place. Stuff like fried plantains, and stuffed grape leaves, and lebanese chicken. Everything I tasted was done well. But they also have some classic buffet staples like prime rib, and crab legs.Real bacon bits in the salad bar is usually a good indication of a quality buffet. Try the tiramisu for dessert! And if its your first time at the hotel, get a players card, and you'll get $10 free slot play, and $10 match play on table games.
4	Went out with a couple friends to the Palms- We decided to eat at the buffet while we were there.It was a little on the pricey side for a buffet.. but that could be me .. it was like 21 bucks.It was kind of a small buffet, but the food was really good , and adult beverages were included in the buffet price, so that kind of made up for the amount.Normally I don't do salad at the buffet.. but the salad items looked so fresh and yummy I couldn't help myself. I also got some stuffed zuccini ----let me state I hated this----Lebonese chicken which is now my favorite food item.and some various sushi . I ended up eating more salad and lebonese chicken. I loved the diversity.. and will definitey be back .. .especially since I got a buy one get one free in my mail yesterday.. SCORE! now to find a plus one!
2	We wanted to stop somewhere close to the freeway to eat as we were about to leave Las Vegas on our way home to Los Angeles, We decided to head to the Palms assuming that they would have a good buffet to eat at. We discovered the Bistro Buffet, and decided to give it a try. The restaurant has a very nice look to it. It is modern in appearance, and has an upscale cafeteria feel about it. It is one of the smallest buffets that I have been to in Las Vegas, but getting seated was not an issue. The food was not very good. Most of it was cold, and tasted as though it had been sitting around for hours. Condiments were very hard to find, and the whole setup in general seemed disorganized. The one highlight from the food selection was the crab legs. They were fairly big and pre-cut to make them easier to peel open and eat. The other highlight of eating here was that the service was excellent. Our waiter kept our cups filled and cleared our dishes whenever we finished a plate. He was very accommodating and was able to help us with whatever we needed. The service made up a little bit for the food being sub par. Overall, the Bistro Buffet was a disappointment. The food just wasn't good. With so many other options in Vegas, I can't see any reason for me to eat here again.
3	I've been gracing this buffet with my presence a fair amount lately due to the simple fact that when I eat, I eat a lot. And - that means I've had just about everything this buffet has to offer. For starters - the price is not bad. I see other comments on here about $21 for a buffet. As a hotel guest I typically get a $4 comp applied to my bill. The most expensive thing I had here was brunch, which was $14.Overall I'd give this buffet a 5 out of 10...it's good food, kept fresh, but it won't win any awards.  Here's a rundown:PROTEINSThese vary from day to day with some items remaining consistent. You can expect a variety of fish - usually sea bass and in some cases a whitefish prepared different ways. There's roasted turkey and either prime rib or brisket. There is almost always some form of bacon (hooray!) and I personally enjoy the turkey / beef hamburger patties when available. BONUS: On Sundays you can get unlimited snow crab legs!SALADThere's an expansive salad bar that's kept fresh. You can find just about whatever you'd want from a salad bar here.CHINESEThere's a small chinese food section of the bar. This seems to change items day to day.DESSERTAs usual, there's a wide variety of dessert options, from full sized cakes to mini cheesecakes. There's also ice cream, etc. BEVERAGESThis buffet includes beer and wine - surprise! Drink up.
1	NOTHING was at a safe serving temperature. It was all lukewarm bacteria-friendly temperatures. A single fork taste of 2-3 things by each of us said it was pretty universal, and we goot up and left before we got food poisoned.AVOID
4	Checked in early and while waiting for our room to open up when decided to get some lunch. Reviews where not kind, but it was just $12 and I was hungry. Lunch opened at 11pm, and we entered at 11:05. I think this has a huge impact on the quality of the meal as everything was fresh and hot. For the price I couldnt be happier, and everything was very good. Servers promptly filled glasses and removed plates, and the deserts where all good. Beware that this place does not get a whole lot of traffic so if you show up for a late lunch around say 2:30 or 3:00 you may not get the fresh food we had. In fact I would say that if you cant get here during peak meal hours, dont go.
2	The Bistro Buffet at the Palms is not among my top ten favorite buffets in Las Vegas, as the food can be tepid to cold, the meats selection can be dry, and the specialty coffee is served from an automated machine that is far less superior than my tiny Dolce Gusto machine at home.But they do get top marks for their Lebanese section, and picking from its vast selection is almost worth the money if you like stuffed grape leaves, spinach pies, Lebanese chicken, lamb gyro, and some of the best falafel this side of the strip. They also make mean pistachio rice pudding that others have raved about as well.Considering a single plate of these ethnic dishes might cost around $8 in a decent food court, their $12 lunch is a good deal if you want something a bit beyond fast food. Other than that, I would give it a pass.
1	One word: disgusting. Avoid at all costs.
2	Small breakfast buffet.  I was surprised it was so small.  The selections were fresh but not much choice.  Just the standard breakfast items, like waffles, scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage.  Perhaps we were just too early and they hadn't put out more standard fair. I did  get a fresh made spinach, mushroom and bacon omelet.  This was made on the spot and was the best part of the meal.  I didn't really see any pastries to speak of, just a small selection of donuts. So as far as a breakfast buffet, this was not impressive enough that I would come back for!
1	The worst Las Vegas buffet I have ever been to. I ate here tonight,  Wednesday, November 9, 2011.
1	My husband and I ate there for the very first time and it was absolutely without a doubt, the worst buffet in Las Vegas we have been to yet.  The food was old, cold when it should have been hot, salad was luke-warm, and service was ridiculous.  It took 20 minutes just to get water with our meal.  We just moved here a year ago, and I can tell you we frequent buffets a lot because of the variety, but we will never go to this one again!  Big waste of money!!!
1	Stayed at Palms and got comp'd Breakfast vouchers for their Breakfast Buffet. Everything was pretty dissapointing. Scrambled eggs tasted like fake eggs out of a bag. You can tell when you cut into it and see bubbles thru the egg. Sausages were big but tasteless. Pancakes were mini disks chewy and dry. Omelette was made to order but lacked any flavors or excitement.OJ tasted like Tang. Good thing it was free with our stay. I wouldn't pay to eat here.
4	They have unlimited ldelicious BBQ ribs!!!But only sometimes...sadly. -1
2	We went to the Bistro Buffet at the Palms so I could get my once every six months craving for buffet out of the way. I like to try different ones each time since it's really about getting to eat as many different tasty things at once. Frankly, I'm glad I won't be experiencing the Bistro again.My biggest problem was that the food was bland. Nothing had spices, or even just salt and pepper. My second problem was that there were about 6-7 options for barbecued meats, and not a lot else for meat. I could have overlooked this but again, the barbecue sauce was not very flavorful.The final problem with this buffet had to do with service. Both times I tried to get carved meat, no one was there. I waited the second time for about 3-4 minutes, and no one every offered to help me, even though they were nearby. They also keep very few pies sliced and waiting. Instead, you have to wait for someone to slice is for you. For some pies this is nice as it keeps them cool, but the apple pie was downright cold, and would have benefited from sitting out of the cooler. The only good service we got was from our waitress, who kept our six cups full, and our dirty plates picked up.The only saving grace for me was the baklava, a special dessert for the night. If you like snow crab legs, they looked good, but no one at my table wanted to try them.Overall, the Bistro Buffet is not worth leaving the Strip for if you are visiting. The buffets at Wynn and the Cosmo are better, even if they do cost more. For locals, I would put the Bistro Buffet about on par with any Station Casino buffet, and we all know how those can go.One tip for saving some money, anyone with the Palms players card gets a discount if they pay in cash so that can save you a few buck.
2	8 of us went to the Sunday Brunch to celebrate my father's  82nd birthday. They charged us a 18% gratuity--which is crazy for a buffet. The food was not very hot--unless you got a made to order omelet. The ham was dried up. Desert selection was poor and they only had a small tray of sweet rolls. We should have known to go elsewhere as they place was not crowded at 10:30am.  3 of us are locals and go to the Palms regularly to gamble but we will never go back to the buffet.
2	It's not a real Vegas trip until you've been to at least one buffet. My friends and I were staying at the Palms so we decided to try the Bistro Buffet. After having the M buffet, this does not compare. A few things we had were pretty gross, and nothing was great. Everything was just.. meh. I ended up pretty much eating only crab legs and mashed potatoes. Our server was very nice and always made sure our drinks were full. Some of my Thai friends said the Thai food was really good; apparently one of the cooks there is Thai and they talked to him for a bit. I didn't try any of it so I can't say for sure. Get a Palms Player card before you pay for the buffet so it's cheaper. The seafood buffet was $20 with the card, and I think lunch is only $7.99.
3	I commend them for finally coming around to fixing their menu. It's so much better now compared to the last couple of times I've eaten here.$13.99 deal for dinner with a Palms card (it's worth grabbing a card since its free.)Dinner is from 4pm-11pm.$24.99 or their seafood buffet also.When I came, they had such good selections. SEAFOOD GALORE! I had their clams, mussels, and their lobster. So glad that they finally offered crab legs on a regular day, but be careful, they run out fast so make sure you keep an eye on it when they bring out the fresh batch because that's when the meaty legs come out!They offered tri tip, ny steak, and Kalbi ribs along with their usual meat carvings (ham and turkey). They also offered Lebanese dishes that day as well. Oh! Hawaiian pork and cabbage and oxtail soup was offered as well. Hooray! I was so excited.They have a nice selection of desserts. Usual pies and cakes. They have brownies, cookies, and baklava as well. Best part though was the latte and coffee machine! Sweet.Only downside was that the food dries up sometimes (like the pad thai. Dont try the pad thai. Not worth taking up stomach space for) and the serving spoons and tongs were SUPER hot that I couldn't hold them. Mainly because they sit under the light for so long. I think the warmers are a little too hot!But, thanks to their better food selection, I would probably look forward to eating here again the next time around (like maybe when they send a nice 2 for 1 deal).
5	I dont care who gets awarded what!! This is the BEST BUFFET in Las Vegas. The only Vegas buffet that has HOT crab legs. Every time I'm in LV I eat here. Sometimes I eat so much I have to waddle back to my room :)
2	the buffet front cashier is pretty rude, not welcoming at all.server is ok, at least she greets you and say hi.food is just ok.  regular lunch (non-Sunday) price is $12.99, but I think you pay $7.99 if you have a play's club card.  So it is quite inexpensive, but the price also reflects on the quality of food.  For example, the cheese cake is quite watery.  The decor is pretty bad, just a little better than a school cafeterai, white light, vinyl floor...etc. And it is quite noisy because of all the hard surface, the music and the slot machines around.I will give it one and a half star :-)
4	More like a 3.5... sadly I wasn't starving so I didn't eat as much as I want or try everything. Same with my boyfriend.Sunday night with our free Player's Club card... which means about $14 a person and, like someone mentioned before, SEAFOOD GALORE! There were plenty of crab legs, clams, mussels, shrimp, fish, etc.... They had a good variety of Asian dishes (and surprisingly pretty tasty too) with a salad/fruit bar and other international food. Like I said, didn't get to try most of the food. The staff was SUPER nice and accommodating to our large (and ever growing group). They added tables and cleared out plates, refilled our drinks, and answered any questions with a smile. Plenty of desserts too. Typical buffet, but the food I did try was tasty, there wasn't a line to get in, the place wasn't too pack, food was fresh, hot, and plentiful, and service was awesome. Also, the price is good!!Just be aware of Thursday because the 50+ folks get a great deal and the place is packed.
2	Of all places to actually update for a third time.  I'm not even big on updating yet I am writing even more about the Bistro f'n Buffet.  You'd think I would spend updates on more high end restaurants but no!  I am pulling the trigger once again on a "mediocre on its best night" buffet.We always eat here for free and the crab is the only thing worth coming for.  Unbeknownst to us until we sat down was that they DON'T serve crab on Tuesdays and Wednesdays!!  Might as well not even be open then.      A few things have changed for the better.  They now offer all you can drink beer and wine.  Other additions include Thai curry (3 stars), falafel (2 stars) and salmon (2 stars).  It honestly looks as though a few Palms executives have been spending some time at the M Resort buffet by adding all this.  But if the M Resort is Susan Sarandon, Bistro Buffet is Lesley Ann Warren (although "Clue" is one of the most underrated movies in the history of cinema).
1	It's a buffet but definitely not a high end buffet. Full of fried foods to fill you up, but there is a selection of fresh fruits too.Dinner buffet boasts a variety of seafood. Snow crab and shrimp to be exact for a price around $25/person. Let it be known that there is NO snow crab in sight!  I mean it's something to boast if you're serving king crab legs and lobster...but snow crab legs...come on now!  Ultimate fail!And my crab leg craving goes unsatisfied. Sadness!
2	We got this at a great price for getting a players card and being local. $13.99 for a dinner buffet in a casino like this isn't too shabby. Sad to say it was mediocre at best. It's pretty small. Very limited selections and average or somewhat below average food. Not impressed at all. The salad bar was a joke.The best buffets I have tried locally off the strip are Red rock, The M, and Rio. This one gets a D-.
3	Second time I've been first time I loved it this time it was still pretty good. Ribs were very good but most the stuff in the Mexican section was cold. Small desert section which didn't bother me. It's a steal for as far as lunch buffets go costing only $10 so can't complain to much.
2	The price is right, but for everyone to get the lower price you have to show your players card for each person in the party. ( Just a heads up). We went for lunch, and I am sad to say the great buffet of the palms of about 6 years ago is gone.... the decor is nice but does it matter if you want anything good to eat? Nope. The lebanese was the best thing there, a lot of the food is stir fry, fried and greasy or not cooked right. The cut beef was so red I almost named the cow it came from. I didn't dare touch the salad bar since the desserts looked old. The macaroni and cheese looked great but was so salty it was disgusting, as in it made you wonder if someone just dumped the salt shaker over while cooking it. Um exactly how can you mess up mac n cheese???!! ( I believe the complaints about the breakfasts). All in all it is worth the price and it's still better than Goldcoast unless they've stepped it up since I've been there last. I'd go with a coupon and if I was driving by but I would never go out of my way to go there again. I wouldn't dare touch the slots either, I figured if they are cheap with food ( as in lower quality) they won't be paying...lol Better than fast food not better than much of anything else... we were joking that was drove all the way to the Palms for rice and green beans ( lebanse).
4	I came here on a mission: Only eat healthy.Then I saw what was being offered at the stations and the healthy in me just withered and died.I loaded two plates of small portions of EVERYTHING.Unlimited beer was amazing as well.The kicker for me?I was walking out and was yelled at across the room by a waitress. My dumb ass left my digital camera in the booth.Note to all Yelp users: Always tip!! I tipped before I left my table and tipped the waitress who flagged me down.Just cause you're visiting Vegas don't mean you have to be an a-hole.
5	My group stayed at the Palms so we decided to try their buffet.I was very surprised on how good some of the items were.  This buffet does not have a big selection of foods like other buffets.  The desserts aren't that great either.  But the meats that day and cooked perfectly.  The chicken and turkey were flavorful and moist.  The meat would just fall off the bone on the ribs.  I went to the M buffet the next day.  I enjoyed this buffet at the Palms more than the buffet at the M.
4	Family gathering decided to meet here for dinner. Was a bit anxious as the Yelp rating was quite low. However, we were pleasantly surprised at the variety and quality of the food. From yummy Oxtail soup to Asian, Italian, American and seafood choices. Everyone in our party of 8 enjoyed the meal, even the youngsters. They also accommodated requests for special preparation for a person with an allergy. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Although small in size compared to other strip buffets, the room is comfortable and pleasant decor. Get a club card and the cost is much lower and well worth the price. This is a hidden gem among the strips buffet offerings, check it out. We will definitely go here again.
5	This buffet deserves a much better score because the food is outstanding. At first we didn't expect much from this place, but the price was affordable. When we got that first plate of food our jaws dropped to our stomachs.There may not be many options, but what they got is cooked perfectly. I was surprised to see that they had Pad Thai here and it was pretty good. They also had Curry chicken and the chicken was very moist. They had Ribs and Korean Short Ribs which were both tender and had that fall off the bone goodness. I was in heaven.They have a whole turkey dinner with all the fixins. The turkey and the stuffing were very moist and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were nicely seasoned with herbs. The mac and cheese was amazing!!! Super cheesy and super tasty. I would be happy with just these options, Like a nice home cooked meal.The only thing they don't have a good selection of is dessert. They have standard pies and ice cream. It's okay though. I was so full from all the deliciousness that I didn't have room for dessert.Quality over quantity. That's what I always say. The food is exceptional and so is the price. Better than many other buffets that are on the strip.
4	Take into consideration the following:- I was with children age 7 and 3.  The three YO ate for free.- I was with my husband and our meals came with our room at the Palm.The good things I liked about this BREAKFAST (won't be going for dinner or lunch) buffet: - the QUALITY of the food was good.  Everything I got was tasty.- my favorite was the Thai congee.  I know that sounds weird, but I seriously can have congee everyday for breakfast and never tire of it.  I was apprehensive at first, but it was seasoned extremely well, simple, but really delicious.- wasn't the best omelett station I've seen, but the service was quick and friendly- our drinks guy was the best.  He quickly served our drinks, filled them up when they were just 1/2 way down, and took away our dishes literally the SECOND we were done.  That's TOP SERVICE.- it was a clean, non-trendy, not flashy ambiance.  I don't know about you, but when a place start to create too much ambiance, I start to wonder about the food quality.- they have a good selection of what I call "southern breakfast".  Biscuit and gravy, chicken fried steak and gravy, fritters, home fries with steak, etc.  My husband esp. liked that.- it's kid-friendly.  How many places can you say that about?  Though our munchkins were the only ones around, they were not shirked at for being loud kids or anything.- it also has a good selection of "cold stuff": yogurt, granola, lots of fruit (though I only saw maybe 4 different fruits total, they were all naturally ripe and sweet), etc.  So if you're wanting to eat healthy (oh yeah, they had oatmeal and crack of wheat, too), this is a good place to go.And when you think about it, $9 for all of that is NOT bad at all.  I spend $9 at IHOP or Marie Calendar's and I would NOT get the kind of selection or even quality I experienced here.I definitely would eat here again for breakfast.
2	I expected better from The Palms, but maybe I just put The Palms on a pedestal after that one Real World season. *laughs to self*Selection is pretty good. However the pizzas were kinda dry and bland. My number one beef with this buffet was that damn coffee/cappuccino maker! Now I love the idea that you can make your own latte, mocha, French vanilla, hot chocolate, etc. just by pushing a button and placing your cup beneath the nozzle. However, this machine malfunctioned several times: would only fill up the cup halfway and would spurt coffee at you. I didn't realize it until I sat down: found coffee stains all over my new dress. So fail. Wouldn't come back. TIP: Sign up for the Club Palms card (gambling casino card) and get $5 off when you pay with cash.
5	Located In the Palms, this is a pleasant surprise, The prices are cheap and the food is great. I went for lunch (for those of you not in the 'buffet know' is the weakest offering of the 4 meals) It was very good. the food was fresh. Here is a big plus, the portions are small. Let me explain that last one. When at a buffet, I like to try everything, but I find it difficult with a huge portion of one thing on my plate. Also a big plus; free beer or wine with lunch and dinner. Well worth the trip off the Las Vegas Strip.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	First off Bistro needs to get their ads off billboards saying they are the BEST BUffet. I normally go to the Rio where they have a wide variety of selections.I was a cullinary student and as we walked in the atmosphere was alright. Food line was a mess so NASTY!!! Cooks was just standing around doing nothing where they can be productive and clean the buffet line mess food wasn't presentable. Roast beef wasn't great so dry I had to wait for 15mins until they bring out a fresh one.My opinion they should re-do their whole menu it's really sad!!!! The only item that I appreciated was just the crab legs.
1	One word: DISGUSTING. I only gave it one star because it served food which is their purpose. But the food was horrible. The ambiance is comparable to my middle school cafeteria. There was food on the floors. All the handles of the serving spoons were sticky and dirty. The service was terrible. The "unlimited wine & beer" sounds like a good deal but its Miller Lite and some horrible wine, which you're lucky if you even get enough service for a 2nd glass, that is if you want anymore at all. The crab legs were GROSS. They smelled way too fishy and you had to crack them open yourself with some cheap plastic tool, unlike most other buffets that serve them already split in half. It was just terrible. And after you eat there you will spend the next couple days in & out of the bathroom.My suggestion: DONT EAT HERE!
2	Pretty typical buffet food. If you're at a Home Buffet, anyway. Trying to please a huge group of us that I recently orchestrated a trip to Vegas for, we headed over to the Bistro Buffet thinking that a buffet would not only fit everyone's budget, but everyone's taste as well. Uhm, no. Their variety wasn't bad but the quality and flavor of their food was. This experience reaffirms why I don't do buffets unless their known for being kick-ass (like the Bellagio), and even then, I'll 99% of the time opt not to. The staff was fine. The dining room was clean. Besides that, nothing stood out... at all. Save your appetite and go to a real restaurant. You're welcome.
3	Surprisingly food tastes better than it looks, and it comes with unlimited beer/wine. It's bang for your buck type of buffet. It wasn't one of the greatest buffets but it didn't taste bad either. I say try it if you are @ palms
1	Manager was rude and unprofessional! Demanded increase in gratuity because two groups came in 50 minutes a part, struck up a conversation and was charged extra gratuity due to the two groups becoming more than 8. He lied and refused to examine stamped receipts showing 50 minutes difference. Made the experience awful!
3	As with all buffets you get what you pay for.  I usually only go to this place if I have a 2-for-1 coupon.They got stuff like crab legs, but I'm not interested in that.  The prime rib is good enough.  They have schwarma which is a bit different for a buffet.  The salad bar is pretty pathetic (but you'd be wasting your money if you spent too much time at the salad bar anyways).  Dessert bar is a bit boring too.  Actually the selection here is a bit thin across the board considering the price.Service is a bit lacking.  I frequently go considerable amounts of time without a soda refill.
2	Last visited yesterday Thursday evening August 29, 2013 for dinner. Bistro apparently downgrading so reluctantly I have to downgrade this long time favorite to 2 stars. No more crab on Thursday nights which is a bummer unless you not like crab. Also they change offerings at a whim with no clue on their website. Example: had crab on Thursday night last week but went there last night & told only on Fri, Sat & Sunday. (likely just brunch Sunday not dinner)Negatives: website poor & they change everything without notice on websiteFood is hit or miss, not the best.Dessert selection not that greatPositives: They do offer beer & wine included in price for lunch & dinner, but not the best quality. Also, they may change that at anytime too!Advice: Call ahead to see what they offer when you plan to go or you may be disappointed
1	Husband and I are locals and got basically a 2 for 1 on travelzoo. We are not that picky when it comes to food but the food at the Saturday nite seafood buffett was probably the worst and I do mean worst food we had ever been served. Cold,dry and tasteless would describe the seafood, chicken, etc. etc.. Do yourself a favor and eat a PB and Jelly at home it is a 100 times better tasting!!!!!!!
3	For the price, this is a good buffet. With unlimited beer and wine included, the experience is even better.The food selections are standard buffet fare with nothing truly memorable. The staff works hard to keep the food coming. The servers were on top of things and polite. Don't forget to tip them!Did not sample the crab legs, which seems to be their most popular item. (Too much work for too little payoff)They have a good dessert selection with soft serve ice cream.It's not worth a special trip, but if you are at The Palms I'd say go for it.
4	Me & my girls purchased a Groupon deal a couple of weeks before our trip so we only had to pay $15/person. I'm not really sure what the regular price is. If you get there expect to wait in a line to pay & also to be seated. The buffet is open 4-8pm, I think. We got there at 4:15ish & there was already a line there. They need a bigger waiting area for the people that have already paid & that are waiting to be seated because it was just sooooo cramped by the time we paid. We were combining with line that has yet to pay. When we were seated we went for the kill. lol. They have little sections for different types of food, ie: American, Asian, International, Mexican... etc. I lose at buffets I only ate one plate & a bowl of miso soup. The miso soup was pretty good but how could you go wrong with miso soup, right? Had their salmon which was yummy! Their egg rolls were alright, my mom's is better. lol. I'm a little biased. Their dessert buffet was soooooooooo bomb! I had their:Mini Chocolate Eclair: YUM!Mini Banana Cream Cupcake: YUM!Mini White Chocolate Mousse: YUM!Mini Creme Brulee: YUM!Overall, yummyness all around! &&& the plus side is that it's all mini so you don't feel bad for not finishing any desserts. I'd recommend it for sure, great selection & it's pretty good.
3	I've eaten at the Bistro Buffet twice, the latest being this afternoon for lunch.  Since it was 1/2 price Senior Thursday, the line was huge.  Luckily, the friends I was meeting at the Palms had the good sense to get in line without waiting for me, so our wait was long, but not as bad as it could have been.  And for $6.49 for lunch, how can you beat the price?I had some Thai red curry chicken, a piece of thin steak they called NY sirloin, some Hawaiian style pork, shrimp pad Thai, among other things.  The curry chicken was about the best thing I had.  It had a good curry zip but not enough to intimidate those who don't like spicy food.  I would have liked to have had spicier, but then it wouldn't appeal to the masses.Since we were at the end of the lunch time frame, desserts were flying of the shelves en masse.  What was left was good.  Mostly mini cupcakes and mini cake squares.The seating is limited for the numbers of people they draw and this makes it less likely that I'll be here often.  There are other buffets in town with better food and seating arrangements.  The price is the most positive thing about the Bistro Buffet.
1	Ick. We came here before a show because it was supposed to be "the best buffet in Vegas." So not true. We waited in line forever while people who are apparently staying in the hotel went ahead of us. Finally we're seated with only 30 minutes to try and eat before we need to get going to make our show. The food was subpar at best. I tried to only choose items that were less likely to be carrying some food born illness.  The food is not replaced until every last scrap of old stuff is taken. This means lots of mostly empty platters with a few crusty, old pieces of food hanging on the sides. Also, the "free wine and beer" is a sham unless you like some kind of shitty, cheap ass merlot or syrupy sweet chardonnay. I don't even know what the beer choices were, probably Bud Light. Don't bother. This was the only dark spot on our entire trip.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to check out the dinner buffet as we had a two for one coupon to use so we said why not as we were in the neighborhood.I really like the Palms incentives you get when signing up for their player's club card. You can get some great food promotions and neat free gifts as well.We really enjoyed this buffet more than we were expecting to as I had read the Yelp reviews prior and still decided to check it out. Maybe my expectations were so low that it ended up making it seem better than it was? I like the free beer and wine! The ice cold Miller Light in a big tall glass was Awesome and enjoyable with our dinner.The food was hot, fresh, tasty and the selection was good! I really liked the cantonese/chinese selections. We got super full as we tried a lot of items. Everything from fried shrimp to pad thai noodles. The desserts were very good, my sweetheart really liked the mini apple pies. I liked all of the desserts as they paid extra special attention to detail and flavor! Mmmmmm yum! The buffet is worth going to if you have a two for one coupon as I would not pay full price of $20 bucks a head to eat here.. We will be back as we have another coupon to use!The service was great as well, our sweet drink server kept the refills coming!
1	Waste of money, makes me embarrassed for Las Vegas.  Very overpriced, poor low quality choices, the crab looks like it was frozen.  It's junk.
4	I tried this place do to a Travelzoo Voucher and I was not disappointed at all.The line to get in moved quick and the food selections were quite plenty. Staff was polite and fast to attend to us. Will return with or without a voucher.
5	food was excellent , We will come back again
3	Not really much I can say that would sway you to go or avoid the Bistro Buffet.  If you have never been to Vegas or never been to a buffet, you might be impressed.  Otherwise, it is a casino buffet, 'nuff said.Best thing is the variety.  We went for lunch and they had quite a selection.  Guess it was the time of year, but there was NO wait at all, we just paid, got seated, gave our drink orders, and started in.  Honestly don't even remember what we paid, but I have to say it was reasonable for the quality and choices offered.  Nice thing about a buffet is trying just a little of a lot of things.  Pretty standard buffet fare, so nothing is jarring my memory saying "oh, don't forget to mention (insert food here) to fellow yelpers.
3	This is a satisfactory buffet -- especially if you can get a Groupon/Travelzoo-type deal. Based on the average price and offerings of Las Vegas buffets, it really is a good deal. This is not a Bellagio or Wynn buffet by any means -- but they do not try to sell it that way anyway. I'm not sure I would go back to Palms JUST for the buffet, but if I happened to be staying at the Palms, I would not hesitate to eat at the buffet. (Sadly, that cannot be said for all hotel buffets.)
4	I'm happy with some of the updated selections at the Bistro Buffet.  On my first visit in a long time I was a little upset because I saw Kalbi, Ox tail and different Thai curries but no white rice! I thought what a tease!  I can't eat any of that stuff without white rice. On my second visit I found the white rice in this big silver pot near the curry. I finally got the nerve to try the curry and it was excellent!  It had just enough spice and the texture was nice. I also like that they have a station where you can customize your own chow mien. The dessert was always tasty here and it still is! Even though the Buffet was smaller than most there are a few items that are made really well here. I can get full off rice, chow mien and the curry alone!
4	**Lunch**       - Price $7.99 ($12.99 without player's card. 1 discount per card.)       - Value - You can't get all this for $8 anywhere else.       - Seafood - Clams (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A?select=-dRW44Xrfz84pyu9JFLI9g#-dRW44Xrfz84pyu9JFLI9g), 2 Types of Mussels (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A?select=wUphazCSjICUiSj_g1SAEw#wUphazCSjICUiSj_g1SAEw), Seafood Cioppino, and a lot of other things.       - Hawaiian Food - Kalbi Ribs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A?select=m1AnWUCfr_WomiXxNF7VYQ#m1AnWUCfr_WomiXxNF7VYQ) and Ox Tail soup (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A?select=oJwlFZU9p5R5ArWOa8z9OA#oJwlFZU9p5R5ArWOa8z9OA).       - Ribs - They had both beef and pork ribs. The beef ribs had a very sweet glaze. I prefered the pork.       - Desserts - Their desserts are not the greatest, but they do have a lot of mini desserts that I thought were kinda cool like mini Red Velvet, Banana, Carrot cupcakes (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A?select=JO97YUsESYl8y6ZtepItSQ#JO97YUsESYl8y6ZtepItSQ).**New Year's Buffet**       - Price $13.99 ($19.99 without player's card. 1 discount per card.)       - Similarities to Lunch - Most of the same things except without the ribs.       - Extra Seafood - They had crab legs, peel and eat shrimps, and oysters (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A?select=OfCUqe7dJftNIeNS7-OjTQ#OfCUqe7dJftNIeNS7-OjTQ).       - You can get a plate of crab legs and ask them to heat it up for you near where they cook the food for the Asian section.       - They had unlimited beer and wine. The only downside was the beer was in plastic cups. I believe they usually have this for brunch and dinner. I'm not sure about lunch.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a good deal on a buffet. Everyone has to have a palm's club card though or it's at least $5 more.
3	Not all Vegas buffets are created equally. Paying $35 for a below average buffet (cough, Luxor) can be a frustrating experience.When I saw that the Bistro Buffet was only $19.99 for brunch ($12.99 with a free Palms player card), I had to give it a shot.First observation- "This line is taking forever!" Granted, it was January 1st, but the medium-sized line moved at a glacial pace. We had to wait nearly 30-40 minutes to be seated.Second observation- "This is a pretty average buffet." The old adage of "you get what you pay for" definitely rang true. Bistro Buffet has everything you would expect from a buffet: salad bar, soups, Asian food, Mexican food,Southern food, seafood, and mini-desserts. Nearly all of these options were average at best. But, hey, average tastes a lot better when it's super affordable.Third observation- "This server is doing an awesome job." At most buffets, I'd be satisfied if the server stopped by more than once to check on us. Our server, Hicela (sp?), welcomed us right as we were seated. She had already brought water and mimosas. During our meal, she stopped by at least three times to make sure everything was alright. I would definitely consider returning to this buffet.
4	I read some of the recent reviews and decide it's worth a visit.  We got huge classes of orange juice, lunch is $19.99 or $12.99 with player's card since it's new years day.  Great food, attentive service, fancy decor, overall I am pleased!
5	I stayed at The Palms recently, and this buffet was a nice option when we wanted to eat something without driving out of the resort. The buffet is very well-priced if you sign up for Palms Player's Club. Then you get a big discount on all the restaurants in the resort. The food was good. There was a lot to choose from, and I went twice and each time there were different items. I especially liked that they had a lot of fresh, healthy choices. Also, if you go when they offer champagne, your glass never runs empty.
2	A below average buffet.  Fortunately, the price is not bad.  My friend and I decided to eat here before gambling.  We both agreed that the food was not very good.  I do not know if we came at a bad time or what because everything from the salads to the entrees to the desserts tasted old.  It was very disappointing, and I cannot recommend this buffet to anyone.  Hopefully, they will improve in the future.
3	The food quality is excellent.  The price is great.  The only problem is the serious lack of variety.It is a very small buffet.  During the week, it is very easy to win points to use for the buffet and on certain days they have specials where 100 points gets you a free buffet.  I certainly enjoy eating here if I am at the palms but if I am looking for a buffet there are many better options albeit more expensive.
5	Love this place.   Buffet that included beer and wine (lunch and dinner)   . Good price.     Kofta and  Thai curry  my favorite.
5	We had the seafood dinner buffet, it was really good! Crab legs, oysters, clams, shrimp and more that I can't remember. Unlimited beer and wine plus unlimited seafood! How can you go wrong!I thought it was a great buffet, the service was good, our waitress on top of our refills, I have no complaints.
5	This buffet is on my top list of Las Vegas buffets. It's almost about the same position as Wicked Spoon. Probably people will think I'm crazy, but hear me out. The price of the buffet can't be beat. $19.99 for dinner and you get unlimited beer & wine. If you signed up with The Palms' player club, you will get $7 off your buffet price. If you don't want to sign up for anything, they always have offer for it on Restaurant.com . The food is so good and cater more to Asian  side. Their cold Crab legs are fresh. Their hot Crabs in Oyster Sauce (too die for!) tasted like how it is in Jakarta. They also have Kahlua Pork and some other Hawaiian dishes which not very common to find. The dessert station is pretty amazing. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. No stale cookies or pies here. You won't feel like a tourist here because most people who dine here are locals. They know what's good. I'm glad we made the cab trip to The Palms, now I can't wait to go back.
4	For those who are planning to eat here soon and want to see how the Palms buffet looks like before you go. I have recorded a full STEADY HD video of the Palms buffet on my youtube channel or you can click on the link below or go on youtube and type "Slow and Steady Palms buffet tour."http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnji8NWzYzQVery Cheap Buffet in Las Vegas in term of quality food like on the Vegas Strip. Dinner usually costs 21 bucks, but with your Palms reward membership card you can eat dinner for less than 13 or 14 bucks.I went there this past presidents' day weekend for dinner and enjoyed the buffet for only 13 bucks with Palms card. What makes it so good was the fact that you get to enjoy snow crab legs for only 14 bucks instead of paying more than 30 bucks for dinner on the Vegas strip just to eat Crab legs.The buffet is very small compared to other hotels. But, it's still somewhat the same amount of food as other hotels because they put a lot of food on one table station.The dining room area looks very clean and modern. The desert bar is somewhat small but tasted good.The server was great. He would always come and clear the plate in the most efficient manner.As I said above, if you want to see how the buffet looks like before you go here the video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnji8NWzYzQ
2	I wasn't impressed. I went at 7:00 p.m. on a Saturday to a seafood buffet and they were all out of fresh shrimp. Unacceptable! I did like their mini dessert tarts and muffins, they were pretty good.
1	Disgusting. I'd give it less than one star if our waitress wasn't incredible. I bought a two for one deal where I was promised an "all you can eat steak and prime rib, coupled with all you can drink beer and wine". Perfect date night dinner at the Palms, right? Sooooo wrong. I don't visit the strip often because I live here, so I was not familiar with this buffet before we actually got there.At first glance, you might mistake this place for a hospital cafeteria. After your first bite, you'd wish you were in one. Shrimp cocktail minus the cocktail sauce, pasta noodles sat out for so long they were actually stuck together in one clump, and I do believe the only part of the New York steak they served was the fat they trimmed off the steaks served in one of the fancier restaraunts at the Palms. Food had been dropped into other food dishes and strewn about the buffet counter and no one bothered to clean it up.Every food item we tried (steak, fried chicken, ribs, pasta, etc) was wasted because it was inedible. The desserts were ok, with the creme brule bordering on good. I'm not a food snob...I like reasonable quality that's reasonably affordable. Trust me when I tell you this place isn't worth it, even if it was comp'd. Gross. I expected much more from the Palms.
3	This review is for the lunch buffet.  I'm a definite fan of eating at buffets.  If I could, I would give this place a 3.5 stars. After reading the reviews, it seems to get a range of ratings here.  I had a good experience: no wait, saw the February special $7.99 with Palms Club card (normally $11.99), fast service, clean, helpful staff and variety of food to choose from. Some items were a bit on the drier side (chicken), but otherwise it looked like they provided fresh foods.  This also included wine.  The food isn't spectacular however it's not so bad either.
4	Not sure why it has only 3 stars, giving the price, I would say this is solid 4-4.5 stars. I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, this is by far one of the cheapest. I stayed at the Palms Place for 2 nights, and had breakfast ($6.99) and dinner ($12.99) here. You certainly can't compare it to the Wynn or Wicked Spoon or Studio B. But for what I paid and the zero wait, I would definitely come back.This is one of the smallest casino buffets I've ever been to, not that many tables compare to other buffet. I really enjoyed the Seafood congee they served at both breakfast and dinner. Over all, it's a solid place to grab a quick bite. As long as you don't compare it to the high end casino buffet, this one is just fine.
3	We went for lunch shortly after they opened on a Monday.  The line was long.  There was only one cashier for the general public and a cashier for High Rollers and Hotel Guests.  There was only one gal seating guests.  We used a $15 Restaurant.com coupon, but there was a discount if you use your Player's Card. We waited over 30 minutes in line rather than spending money in the casino.I started with the desserts.  I tried a mini Creme Brulee, mini apple tart, mini cream puff, and mini chocolate eclair.  The Creme Brulee had a crunchy burnt sugar topping.  I ended up eating 4 of them.  The mini apple tart was pretty with the lattice topping.  The 2 other desserts were meh. There were mini versions of Red Velvet cake, Carrot cake, Pecan pie, flan, cookies, bread pudding, soft serve, etc.  There were regular slices of pie behind the counter, but no one to serve them.There was Mongolian BBQ, Asian, Italian, Mexican, Seafood, Pizza, Irish for St Patrick's,  salad bar, etc.  All unmemorable.
4	So this isn't the most glamorous buffet in Vegas, but for the value, I don't give a damn! I ate lunch here for $7 after joining the Palms' player club!! And this came a day after I had a disappointing lunch at Bacchanal at Ceasar's Palace, which is known as "the best buffet in Vegas" right now. Don't think so! I felt ripped off after spending so much at Bacchanal and enjoying myself more at Bistro.The complimentary wine and beer aren't great, but hey, it's free booze (if that's what you're looking for). I didn't drink much of it, but the food made the experience worthwhile. The Asian section in particular was wonderful (great orange and sweet & sour chicken), and the curry and pad thai were my favorite! Best yellow curry I've pretty much ever had, believe it or not. My only gripe from this buffet was that the desserts were absolutely nothing to look at, but that's probably better for me anyway since I was stuffed from two plates already.I'll be back for sure! The line is a little hefty but overall great food, great service, great bang for your buck :)
3	We arrived at 5:00 pm for the buffet dinner off of the living social deal with a party of 7.  I was caught off guard with the 18% gratuity charge.  It ended up being an extra $73 because of it.  I don't recall being charged gratuity at other places. The food was nothing special.  I felt the selection was small compared to the other buffets on the strip.  The only reason this isn't two stars is because of the unlimited beer and wine that came with the deal. Not worth the extra taxi cab ride to get to this buffet off the strip. You can spend the same amount for better quality on the strip.
2	I went here for breakfast and dinner. I would have to say I experienced the same meh experience both times. Although they had a variety of food, it did not look fresh. The food looked like it had been sitting out, and was not refreshed. I am not going to eat, nevertheless gorge myself on something that looks unappetizing. I suppose you get what you paid for. If I was staying on the strip, I would not venture out of my way to go to this buffet, and if I stay at the Palms again, I will not return to the Bistro Buffet. If you are a visual eater like myself I would steer clear of this place regardless of the price, but if you are that kind of person who will eat anything then this is a good place to go. One thing that I found very irritating about the line to get into the buffet was that they did not make hotel guests priority. They had two lines for non-hotel guests, and hotel guests, but it didn't matter because they just took one group from each line after another.  I think that if you are staying at a hotel, then the hotel guest should be the first priority to getting a seat.
2	MEAL/DATE: Breakfast // Fall 2011Decent variety, not the best quality. Very inexpensive. Beats Denny's for a similar price.___________________________________The first time we stayed at the beautiful Palms Place (NOTE: allow me to reiterate that the Palms Place is not the same as the Palms Casino Hotel, which apparently is now partially renovated), we did so in 2011 thanks to a Bloomspot deal for $109/night  that included a studio suite, $50 at Simon and breakfast for 2 at the Bistro Buffet.The original price for this buffet was somewhere around $7-$8 or so, which is appropriate for the type of food they served. IMO, this buffet is a better alternative than Denny's. On the plus side, they offer fruits and other healthy alternatives for those of you who either like to start their day with something a little healthier or at least balance out the epic carbage with things that might possibly contain vitamins.On Mondays-Saturdays, breakfast is available from 8am-10am. They take all the food off the buffet tables for 30mins then switch to the lunch menu at 10:30am.We stayed for 2 nights but only made it to the buffet once, since the 10am cut-off was far too early for a typical Vegas day.
4	If you have a palms players card the buffet is CHEAP. I wasn't expecting much because of the price but was pleasantly surprised. For the price it was well worth it, yes the food was a little salty but this place tasted like most other buffets I'd been to. I also liked the unlimited beer and wine that was included. It's Miller Lite but was a nice touch to add even more value to the buffet. Will be coming back again during my next trip to Vegas if I can.
4	I bought the $30 promotion for two. My experience was pleasant the staff was extremely friendly and they even let my friends hangout eve though they did not eat. Now as far as the the alcohol goes they only had Miller light and one type of red and white wine, but its all you can drink. a family of 3 was celebrating their child's birthday and the staff came out and sang Happy Birthday. I hope you enjoy. Lastly the selection of food was decent and tasted good. SHHH sneak some cookies to go and eat them later in your room at night or in the morning (dont tell the staff tho)
5	In My Opinion This Is The Best Place In Vegas,It's Cheap and The Food Is BOOM!!!! .Get The Members Club It's Free And They'll give You a big discount
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. We went for lunch (11a-3p) recently, last last saturday (crowded- many people were using a promotional mailed coupon), and I was pretty impressed (I do NOT use this word a lot with many area casino buffets, mind you) with the overall quality of the seafood (not dry, rubbery, or bad tasting) and the asian food (I avoid these dishes at most buffets because they usually fail), as well as having a large variety of offerings- salads- green, ceasar, fruit, & pasta, mexican- make your own tacos, enchiladas, and bbq- ribs, fried chicken, etc.- there were more ethnic choices, i just didn't get everything, I'm a little picky at buffets. I usually find the quality at most casino buffets as average or nothing special (there are a handful that I would go back to- rio seafood, sam's town, the M resort, bally's). But this one really stood out- I'd even come here without a coupon, $12.99 for lunch (get the Palms club card). (Especially since we went to The Orleans recently; a very sharp contrast.) Let me tell you which casino buffets I've visited over the years of my residency here in Las Vegas: Rio's Carnival & Rio's Seafood, The Orleans, Sunset Station, Boulder Station, Palace Station, Texas Station, the M Resort, Terrible's, Fremont, Main Street Station, Imperial Palace, Sahara, Circus Circus, Bellagio, Fiesta Henderson, Treasure Island, Sam's Town, Bally's, Tropicana, Harrah's, Stratosphere, and the Stardust. I may be missing some other ones in this list. But I just wanted to show you how many I've been to, in town. Yes, that is a lot. I'm not saying I am expert or anything; I just wanted to let you know that I do have a lot of comparison/background.This said, there were several standouts here for me- the beer battered cod- perfectly browned white fish, not greasy either, tri tip, freshly carved- juicy, not fatty, and just a little pink (usually there is a big layer of fat at other buffets), seafood paella- not over-salty, with a good amount of seafood, and the steamed clams- which were not overdone, while my husband really enjoyed the mac & cheese (had just been prepared, and was uber-cheesy) , the fried rice and the cod. There were many asian dishes, and I sampled the shrimp pancit (signature Filipino noodle dish), which was pretty good, considering I hardly ever touch asian dishes at casino buffets- I am really really picky about having Filipino food, because my family cooked it really well, and was not very greasy. There was a Mongolian station (you select your raw goodies and the chef prepares it in front of you) and a dessert station- mini iced cupcakes- red velvet, chocolate, and shot glasses (*samples, because they are only filled halfway) of tiramisu- mmm!, along with creme brulee, and an ice cream station at the very end (to the right). So, we were full, but not over-the-top, but we always do some walking after a meal.  The atmosphere/ambiance is surprisingly elegant for a casino buffet- rich browns and silver metal. Not many casinos work on the decor aspect of seating. I also appreciate the fact that the dining area is somewhat private in that people walking through the lobby can't fishbowl into you stuffing your face (unless they peer over the wall). Food areas are pretty clean and maintained pretty well. Plates are easy to find- middle front of the floor. The staff is attentive. The beverage server was nice and did stop by a few times. The only thing I didn't like was there was so much ice in my iced tea. I scooped out the excess and placed them in the dirty bowls or plates. Someone came by often to get the dirty plates. Because it was crowded, it was pretty loud. And our baby slept through it all! My strategy with buffets in general, is I take a small sampling of unknowns (1st time-tries; this way, I don't waste much food), so then if I really like something, I return for more. I also limit my plates to a couple. If I still have some room in my belly, I take a small selection of desserts. I learned a long time ago, if I eat too much, I get bloated and feel icky. This is a Yummy thumbs-up. I'm pretty picky with casino buffets. I was impressed. with this one. We do plan on coming back, and soon, too.
1	Located inside Palms Casino. Didn't have a good experience. They advertisied a special but did not honor it when we got there.
5	Unbelievable prices for good quality and overall delicious food! This buffet is small compare to other places but with a Palms card it only costs $13! I went for dinner here and really enjoyed everything minus the Mexican section since it gave off an unpleasant smell to me. As a fan of bread pudding and flan, I generously sampled these two items to my heart's content. Personally though, I prefer the texture of my flan and bread pudding to be a bit firmer. The texture of these two items were so similar to the soft texture of the creme brule that it was hard to distinguish between the three! Myriad choices involving clams and mussels, ranging from creamy french type to Asian to American were available. In particular, I really like the mac and cheese. Thank you for helping me gain more unwanted mass, Bistro Buffet's mac and cheese.
4	Wide variety of choice with reasonable price.You can't get any better than this.
3	We ate at the Bistro Buffet (Palms guest can sign up for a membership during their stay and get discounts through out the hotel). The restaurant has a very nice look to it. It is modern in appearance, and has an upscale cafeteria feel about it. But I wasn't too impressed with the food. The food was some what distasteful, while others were okay.
4	SUPER SUPER SUPER inexpensive.The food was okay, not the greatest but for the price tag, it was good enough!I didnt expect much from this place though, and I came out thinking I would come here again if I was broke and wanted to eat!
5	Well my fellow yelpers today was a great day. My family and I came to buffet around 7 o clock and when we seen the line...instant thoughts of "this will take forever" ran through my mind. But to my surprise we weren't even in line 30minutes!!  When we reached the front our cashier Eva was soooo sweet and she moved so quickly to keep the line moving which was truly appreciated. Then we met our server Melissa  who never let my glass get empty or my table crowded with dirty plates. Now..the food! Coming from a girl who's been to all the quote on quote best buffets (m resort ,Caesars, wicked spoon..u name it) I love this buffet! All kinds of yummy treats from hot crab legs to ribs to Mongolian beef...even tofu ..and believe me it was delicious! The chef Dwayne even came around to the tables asking how was everything and even brought a guy a bowl of ice cream himself to please someone!! And the manager Mary walked around also checking on everyone and insuring everyone had the best of service! I'm beyond mind blowed on how much customer service plays a role here but let me the one to say...I'm sold!! Best buffet..best price...best food...best service !!keep up the good workWell my fellow yelpers today was a great day. My family and I came to buffet around 7 o clock and when we seen the line...instant thoughts of "this will take forever" ran through my mind. But to my surprise we weren't even in line 30minutes!!  When we reached the front our cashier Eva was soooo sweet and she moved so quickly to keep the line moving which was truly appreciated. Then we met our server Melissa  who never let my glass get empty or my table crowded with dirty plates. Now..the food! Coming from a girl who's been to all the quote on quote best buffets (m resort ,Caesars, wicked spoon..u name it) I love this buffet! All kinds of yummy treats from hot crab legs to ribs to Mongolian beef...even tofu ..and believe me it was delicious! The chef Dwayne even came around to the tables asking how was everything and even brought a guy a bowl of ice cream himself to please someone!! And the manager Mary walked around also checking on everyone and insuring everyone had the best of service! I'm beyond mind blowed on how much customer service plays a role here but let me the one to say...I'm sold!! Best buffet..best price...best food...best service !!keep up the good work
4	Prior to relocating to Las Vegas, I would consider eating at a buffet. Type of torture. As a child, I witnessed a roach crawling behind the drink menu at Ryan's buffet, I promised myself to never eat at these places As and adult. Although, Vegas buffets are a whole new experience (most of the time). The palms buffet is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots for lunch in Vegas. I have tried many different buffets on and off the strip. Both times I have attended this buffet I have been impressed. Price: cheap. $8 for an adult buffet at lunch. Food variety: countless options: Mongolian, Thai, Asian, Mexican, southern, Italian, seafood and salad. Food quality: fresh!! The cooks constantly rotate the food. Service: very good. Our server was attentive and friendly. Make sure you bring your players card for a discount!! I prefer this to the belagio casino buffet.
3	A fan of this buffet thanks to TravelZoo. Bought one voucher and they do everything stellar except for the desserts. The entrees were abundant and not too far from each other. Every entree was exceptional including the salmon, orange chicken, meatloaf and chicken Parmesan. Their dessert selection is pretty god-awful.  I've seen better desserts at Palace Station buffet and that is saying something. They actually have an ice cream machine like it's the 1990's. This is the bottom of the better buffets in town.
3	I'm still using up my Palms coupons!! Hunnie Bunnie and I came for LUNCH. Decent buffet I guess. Nothing really stood out but I didn't see anything bad about the buffet either. Just another buffet in Vegas to me personally, a dime a dozen!
1	730pm on a Tuesday. Of course it's slower than usual. So tell me why the servers were so slow at everything?! You wouldn't even see them for 10 mins straight! And to top it off...our waitress had selective hearing, she only heard things she wanted to hear. If you tried to ask her for something she walks off acting like she didn't hear it. I had to ask for refills 3 times for my table. So annoying. And their food didn't make the experience any better... It was so blahhhh. The setup was the worst. You have ppl crammed up in corners. There weren't bowls where there needed to be. You had to walk the other way just to find some. And plates are only in the middle. So you had to walk past your food, get plate, then walk back to the food you wanted. Need a spoon for your dessert? Then walk all the way to the salad side (other side of the restaurant) and grab a spoon. It's so stupid! Not the mention that the chefs can't keep up with the food. There were dishes and dishes empty...made the place look unappetizing. There were so many chefs and they could've easily kept up with their cooking. Man I could keep going about this place....
4	First off, sign up to be a card member (even if you don't want to gamble, DO IT). Then go for a lunch buffet. You get $5 off of $12.99 so you basically pay like $8. First dish I go for is their salad (this is a weird habit of mine that I always start off with salad). Their salad selection is decent. They basically have everything you need. I added romaine greens with tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, olives, and beets with Ranch. On my way back, I also get their clam chowder. It was VERY VERY salty. Also, it lacked a lot of potatoes. However, there were a lot of baby clams (I guess to make up for their lack of potatoes). My second round, I try their porridge (because I'm asian I just had, to). It was terrible. It was too wattery and had a ton load of msg. I'm used to homemade porridge without msg, so I have an especially good taste bud for msg. Bottom line, don't get it. Mexican selection: overall not bad. I think it was the best out of the other cuisines. I tried their chicken enchilada which was very tasty. Their carnitas were also good, tender and moist but again, VERY salty. Interestingly though, they had no guacamole... How can they not have guacamole?!?!Asian selection: The typical asian dishes. I tried their orange chicken. At least this tasted better than Panda Express ... Potsticker was alright. The stuffing (not even sure what was inside) was just ok ... They had a lot of fried food in this section. Bottom line, as an asian person, I think their noodles was the best thing there.Pizza: They had like 3 different types of pizza (pepperoni, mushroom, and cheese). I tried their cheese. It was decent. Looking at the three types, I can see that they lacked toppings though.Thai: A good variety of curry. I tried their yellow shrimp curry because it was the most worth it. Basically a lot of peeled shrimp with curry. I would recommend getting this.Tri tip/Pork belly: Make sure you ask the carver for the good side. I got my meat rare. Had a very good meat taste with loads of juice. So good .... Pork belly was better though. Although very fatty, the skin was so crunchy and meat was moist. Mongolian: This section is pretty good because you can create your own noodle with whatever veggies they have and with a choice of three meats (chicken, pork, and beef). even though I was super full, I had to give this a try. With my stir fried noodle, I added onion, mushroom, bean sprout, chicken, and a spoonfuls of garlic. The chef cooked it in front of me. The final product smelled SO good. It was probably due to the amount of garlic I put. Bottom line, try this section. You can add however amount you want, so no lose here.Finally, we move on to their desert. Tiramisu was small which was perfect size. I like it. It was sweet but not overly sweet. Lastly, I also had their flan. It was also small but a perfect size. The flan tasted similar to their creme brulee. In conclusion: It was just an OK buffet. Nothing to die for. But for the price I paid ($8) it was well worth the selection. If I had to pay full price I'd be 50/50 about coming here. Overall, Palms is pretty off the strip so who would wanna go off the strip to come here? But I guess if you were to stay around here, this isn't a bad place. I would give this place a 3 star, BUT because they had unlimited red wine, chardonnay, and beer for what I paid, I gave this place a 4 star.***Their serving spoon was pretty dirty. So there were many times my hands would be greasy. ***A lot of their food was salty for some reason.
4	ONLY IF YOU STAY AWAY FROM THE DESSERTSIt's no surprise that you get what you pay especially when dealing with Las Vegas types of buffets. Hear it all the time about the beef being shoe leather tough or the shrimp cocktail having grasshopper sized shrimps for the bargain hunters. For the locals it's getting the best value especially when it comes to Asian buffets.In particular the Palms' Bistro Buffet comes to mind. The Asian dishes are amazingly authentic and delicious. I think you can place all the credit to their predominantly skilled Asian chefs. Thursday lunch is especially lucrative for those who are age 50 or over with a Palms Club card. Why Thursday lunch?  The regular price is $12.99 and discounted another $5.00 for club cardholders. 50 and over cardholders are entitled to a second discount of another 50% thus dropping the Thursday lunch to an unheard of $4 bucks and it includes wine and beer. A beer at a restaurant will cost that much alone.Caveat Emptor... stay far away from the desserts. For they will only sour your buffet luncheon experience. Of course there are those who like rock hard like desserts.If you stick to the Thursday program, seniors 50 and over with club cards are all winners....
5	Second best Buffet place in Vegas when it comes to BBQ!  This place has it all!  Korean BBQ  to American BBQ, to Mongolian BBQ.  You can't go wrong for the price that you pay.  Also if you have a players card, it is so affordable compared to the other buffets.
3	Ron typing here.....First and foremost let me just clarify that this can not, and won't be compared to the high end buffets that cost $45+ per person, it just isn't a fair fight and it isn't the same price point. What the Bistro Buffet is, is a buffet for someone on a budget, or someone trying to take a bunch of their college buddies out for a good value, or for just an economical meal, (in my opinion). If you go on the weekends, (which is the only time we go), you have unlimited crab legs and other seafood offerings which becomes the entire meal for my wife and me. You have to sign up for a players card, if you don't you'll be charged I believe $14 extra for a couple for dinner, and if you pay that much you might as well visit one of the places that is a higher end buffet. You can also hunt around the restaurant coupon places if you'd like, and typically we end up paying roughly $20 total, (pre- tip), for all you can drink Miller Lite, and all you can eat crab legs for two. This is not the Bally's Sterling Brunch, Aria's Buffet, or the Buffet at the Bellagio, but it is a great value if you use the players card/ coupons/ and end up with a really economical, casual, fun time with friends and family, and a bunch of crab and beer.
3	I bought a travel zoo voucher of its buffet dinner before going LV, It was pretty good deal of $15pp including unlimited beer and wines, not knowing it's not so close from the main strip area, but we went anyways.  We were lucky we went on a Fri night-seafood nite! It's a typical buffet w salad, dessert, mongolian, and roast beef and hot food bar. I took advantage of oysters w red wine. there's also king crab legs but i have no interst. the selection of hot food are limited mostly asian cuisines, but i love the mongolian bar where you can pick your veggies and add a meat of your liking and they stirfry for you right there. desserts are plenty, love the fact it's made in small pieces so we can sample them without overfeeding, it includes cupcakes, cookies, tiny cream brulee. as much as I'd love the sample them, my belly reached its limit by then but i was happy w oysters! the service was friendly, plates were replaced on timely manner and drinks are refilled as needed, bars are very clean. I walked away w a happy belly.  I'm not sure if I'd enjoy it as much without oysters like I mentioned the hot food selections looks medioacre.
1	Lame, pointless and annoying.I'd like to review the food but I didn't even make it in.  We wanted a cheap buffet on our last day in Vegas and this one seemed to fit the bill from the listing in the magazine from our hotel.  $7.99, why not.I'm mobility impaired (knee trouble) but the walk in from valet was easy.  Waiting in line got a bit tough but we got to the cashier fairly quickly...only to be informed that we needed a club card or it would be an extra $5 each.   $5?  There was an upcharge at the Flamingo, a whopping $1, which we gladly paid to avoid the hassle of a new club card.  So, off I gimped to the club signup area only to wait in line 15 minutes with only five people in line.  While there one of their VIP clients came up but the one person dedicated to that area spent about 5-8 minutes trying to get a printer to work, totally ignoring the VIP the entire time.Finally I get to the front and get a card.  I gimp back, now painfully, to the buffet.  My wife and kid are already there.  As I walk up, the cashier says, "one club card, ONE discount..."  I blew my top.  EVERY person needs a club card or they'll be charged $5 extra?   Was my kid supposed to sign up too, seeing as she's 10?  We left, and went back to Ellis Island which had treated us well the night before.  Casinos offer buffets to get people to check out their casinos.  Well, we went, and quickly saw the worst of the Palms.  If they treat potential new customers poorly and keep VIPs waiting, why would anyone want to go there?
4	As a local my family and I eat here a lot, and always enjoy it.  Personally I like the thai station, and the seafood buffet is fantastic value if you can find a travelzoo deal - 25 for 2 people to eat, with crab legs, salmon, all that good stuff...plus unlimited beer and wine.It may not be super fancy, but it's good!
4	This must be the most under-rated buffet in Las Vegas. We went late on a Friday for lunch, and left so full that I had to skip dinner.  By only taking a single bite out of every dish, I managed to try 33 of them - and there were probably twice as many that I had to skip.  I can say that while the meats were generally dry - maybe a result of the buffet having been open for 3 hours before we got there -, the dishes almost universally had very good flavor.  The two things I would skip altogether were the potato pancakes, which tasted as if they'd been in the fridge uncovered for a while, and the chocolate cream pie, which lack chocolate flavor.  Everything else went from good to delicious.The stars of the buffet are the kalbi short ribs (in the Hawaiian section) and the Delmonico potatoes in a blue-cheese sauce.  If you were served those in a five star restaurant, you'd leave happy.  For dessert, don't miss the warm, moist, perfect bread pudding.  Just don't be a fool and add either of the overly sweet, otherwise flavorless sauces.  The pudding is wonderful by itself.Other recommendations are any of the Thai curries (refreshing and authentic, the pork loin and madagascar beef, both in mustard cream sauces) and the tri-tip, which is marinated in a chimichurri-like sauce.  Lunch prices are very reasonable, $8 for adults if you get a free Palms players club card.  Kids, however, are $10.   There are coupons at restaurant.com and travelzoo for perhaps better deals.Note, even though this buffet opens to the casino, the air was perfectly breathable and our meal felt relaxing.
5	After a bad experience about a year and a half ago I swore off the Palms.  So I had a coupon (Las Vegas Advisor)  and decided to give them another shot, but my expectations were still kind of low.  Let me tell you something....This operation has done a 180.  Service was great and the Sunday Brunch was amazing.  My wife loved the crab legs and although they were not heated on the buffet, the staff would steam them up for you upon request.  The carving stations were amazing and we saw a bunch of entrees and dishes that you don't see at the typical LV Buffet, i.e., some really good Curry options.Fed 4 with my coupon for less than $50.  Crazy cheap and top quality.  Check it out!
4	Consistently delicious. Monday nights is a perfect date night $14.99 seafood buffet dinner and $5 movies! Desert is good and for the price you can't beat the cleanliness and quality!
5	Am I out of my mind to give this "away from strip paltry buffet" a FIVE star. Nope! Please read on...Since I had family travelling with, who are not much of a foodie, I thought of deciding upon a small yet graceful buffet without hitting heavy on my pocket. After some research I decided upon Bistro buffet. Few reasons - they are renovating - generally with renovation I have noticed the service improves, good price with Palms Club Card (free for anybody more than 21 at Club Palms counter with your valid id) and close to strip.We reached there at 1:40 pm on a hot Monday afternoon, collected our Palms Club cards and stood in the line for an entry into buffet area. $7.99/person (regular price is $12.99 without Club card) for Lunch on weekday with unlimited Beer and Wine. We were soon seated into our table.From outside the buffet area looked small, my initial expectation was something like a Hometown buffet. After being greeted by our waitress, I sprang on my feet and went to venture though the offerings. To my surprise, there were plethora of food from different parts of the world. They were having a Hawaiian theme so those special dishes were also there.I started with salad bar, there were normal varieties of salads along with Mediterranean offerings like Tabbouleh, Hummus etc. On the side there were Ahi Tuna Poke and Salmon salad. Chunks of fresh Tuna and the spices in that salad was out of the world. Same follows for the salmon salad. Everything was fresh and the vegetables were crisp.Now off to Hawaiian offerings. Kalbi ribs (yes for $7.99, with that Tuna Poke, Salmon and Kalbi - they have already made up for the price) was soft, flavorful and fresh. Oxtail soup was out of the world. It was tender and fall of the bone with right mix of spice. I mostly savored through small quantities of other seafood items (whole lot of seafood in American/Italian/Thai cuisine). Grilled Salmon, Lau Lau, whole Pig in Hawaiian style, Battered Cod, Thai Shrimp Curry, Breaded Shrimp Fry, Baked Trout, top notch out of the oven steak - are my special mentions. There were many more but could not divulge into everything. The best thing about whatever I have tasted was, each offered their unique taste just the way they would have been offered in any gourmet restaurant.Finally Desserts were ecstatic. The decoration, the taste, the variety were top of the line.Next time I am in Vegas, I would not venture out for those $40-50 buffets but will give Bistro buffet one more visit.
2	Went to Vegas for my birthday weekend planning to have a nice trip with family and friends. Everything was great up until this buffet. We went on Saturday for some breakfast which was okay. That experience gets four stars for great service and decent tasting breakfast foods. Today, Sunday, was an ebtirely different story. Wanted to top the weekend off with an awesome Luau themed buffet recommended by the awesome staff from yesterday only to be majorly disappointed. Excited, we waited in a two and a half hour line which was totally no big based on Saturday's great service and the awesome Hawaiian dishes we were about to experience. Then we get to the cashier who cashes out the first half of our party of five but snubs the second half without a basic "one moment please" just turns around and processes someone else through (she knew we were a part of the same party, no excuses for a bad attitude and crap customer service). Hostess who sat us was wonderful all smiles. The second host who sat us was less than accompdating. As she was setting silverware I attempted to ask her about the champagne service for brunch because we were craving a couple of mimosas and knew the service would end soon. She blatantly ignored me to scurry off somewhere else. My friend caught her again after a few minutes and she merely told us the sever we had been waiting for to take our drinks would be right with us before scurrying away without waiting for a response. Which she probably knew would have been that our waiter hadn't come by our table in the twenty minutes we had been sitting there. Finally we catch a hold of a random guy serving a nearby table, Steve, and he's great totally takes our orders and even though its his first day he's doing a splendid job. Unfortunately, we are unable to get our mimosas because they stopped serving the champagne after 3:30. Twenty minutes after we were sat and ten minutes after we finally found a waiter to take our drink order. Normally, the sucky service would have just been shrugged off. But being told we didn't make it for the champagne when we did and had waited in a two and a half hour line partly for that service. Was going to leave only one star but Steve's awesomeness gets its own star. Conclusion: pretty good food but sh*t customer service on Sunday brunch days. Don't wait in line expecting the food to make up for bad customer service. Not worth the $20 to get in or the $13 with the players card. Would not come back here and will definitely not recommend it.
2	Bought a travelzoo deal for $30 for 2 people, but in house specials were cheaper than that so I should have waited and not pre-purchased it. Extensive buffet, but only average quality. Granted, we were there at the end of the night, but things were a bit dried out. Servers were nice, but wine and beer were both WARM and served in plastic cups, not very classy. No steak knives to go with the prime rib dinner. I think this could be better with a few improvements. We probably wouldn't eat here again.
3	Excellent server.She knew to bring a glass of wine and 2 beers over out of the gate.2 for 1 over 50 Thursdays meant that we both ate and drank our fill for $13 at lunch.Not great beer or wine but more than drinkable.And they weren't stingy.Alas the food was not very good.Mostly overcooked and dried out.If you try and score the buffet and the cheap 50+ $4 movie tickets you'll have to plan it better than we did. The 45 minute wait in line screwed the pooch.But we will try again down the road.It's a pretty good deal if you go for a freshly made stir-fry.PS: tip on the full price not the deal.Sad to say I saw many leaving just a couple of bucks.Geez she hauling free drinks!She deserves an extra spiff.
4	breakfast option that wasn't the overpriced $10.98 with The club Palm card underwhelming hotel breakfast buffet. I tend to be a huge fan of places specializing in breakfast food here.
4	I love breakfast and this buffet did not disappoint! For only $8 with our newly acquired palms cards we had an amazing feast of some pretty delicious breakfast foods. From sausage to bacon to French toast to belgian waffles to strawberry toast to pancakes to fresh fruit to grits, hash browns scattered and patties, eggs, delicious little egg and sausage wantons, yogurt, and more there was plenty of good food to choose from. Our waiter was a little weird. Not super friendly or polite, very direct with a constant scowl. We weren't drunk yet or acting obnoxious in any way so I don't know why he had a stick up his butt. Other than that it was the bomb.com. At that price I would definitely go back again and again!
5	Yes I give it 5 stars, the other reviews are jokes. I am usually very weary of places with 3 stars but the reviews here are bs. I went there on the weekend and the prices were damn cheap specially if you have a players' card. The dinner came with all you can drink. Yes all you can drink wine and beer. We had an awesome waiter, he kept pouring. Just alcohol by itself was worth it. But then they have crab legs which they would steam to warm it up, big plus. They had shrimps, oyster, clams, and Korean BBQ(many other things that I wasn't very interested in but they looked good). the dessert was damn good too. What the hell do you want for a buffet under 20 bucks? It is a good value, I can't believe these reviews
3	Good with coupon from travel zoo, not worth full price. Seafood was good (cocktail shrimp, crab legs, shrimp pasta) but some of the muscles were overcooked and rubber. Prime rib was great, orange chicken, kalbi ribs are amazing if you can pick through the fat. Chicken parm was good. Desserts were lacking, chocolate moose was good, but creme brule was soggy, pies were bland, and cupcakes were meh.
5	WOW. what a freaking selection they have for lunch. on a Tuesday! $12.99 for non-club members and $8.99 for special folks like me. well, i had to pay for mama's non-club lunch anyway. next time we'll know.there was literally TOO much to choose from at this buffet. i couldn't wrap my head around it. AND you cannot beat the price. the Imperial Palace, back in the day, had a lunch deal at over $12 for crap and the Rio' buffet hovers around $19 for lunch for a relatively good selection. the Bistro at the Palms is hands down the best i've had so far. did i say that there was TOO much to choose from? man, NO JOKE. asian was even broken down into chinese and thai! wtf?!?!? mexican, italian, american, salad, cajun... my head was spinning. and the food was all delicious. when mama says she likes this buffet, you gotta believe her. i cannot wait to take the fellas here when we come back from March Madness. BAM!
3	Holy batman the line here was hella loooonnnnnggggg!!! Two hours later and we are finally in the door!! This is dinner were talking about..so keep in mind that people get agitated and annoyed and cranky cause this line seems like it doesn't move fast enough and people are always cutting to get to whoever is trying to hold their place in line. Price - personally its reasonable for AYCE seafood night - but this isn't the best in Vegas. I'm sure you can find a better deal with better food. TIP: get a club card so you can get $6 off your meal. They have a variety of global foods - Mexican, Chinese, Italian, southern, Hawaiian, Thai, your normal roasts, crab legs, and then dessert. Their salt and pepper calamari was pretty legit. Their spicy garlic peel and eat shrimp was like crack, and their dessert were decent and flavorful.  I do have to say that towards the end of the night, someone in the back got lazy as fcuk and started using the small ready peeled shrimp for the peel and eat (like wtf the name is peel and eat). Yes - no shell means easier to eat but the taste just wasn't the same. It was as if the flavor wasn't there anymore and it was bland and tasted cheap.  The batch with the shell tasted just like bubba gumps peel and eat and it was even better than BG's because it was just swimming in that awesome garlic sauce soaking it up. The roasts weren't to die for all. The lechon was so tough you couldn't even cut it down to bite sizes. I didn't get to try the crab but everyone and their moms were eating it. Overall - it was decent. Wasn't the best and totally not worth the two hour wait.
3	Great service overall. I was a little disappointed that their prime rib was way over salted even if you cut away from the rub. The dessert wasn't much better. It was tad bland and didn't allow me to leave there satisfied.
4	ok so...the food isnt great but this place is a deal!! anywhere you can get a buffet and bottomless champagne for brunch for $20 is my kind of place. there are a lot of choices on the buffet including crab legs. this is definitely a great place for a quick sunday boozy brunch before heading out to the strip/casinos. the only bad thing is the palms is a little far away from the strip for a lot of travelers.
5	One of the best buffets in Las Vegas, hands down! The service can be helped though. Waited 10-15 minutes with only 1 couple in front of us and there were SOOO many open tables available, so either they need more bussers or a better hostess. The food is absolutely amazing for a buffet! Yes, it is true - went with a group of 4 girls who don't eat that much and we basically tried everything they offered, that is saying a lot coming from us! The carnitas were great, juicy and flavorful! They also have a Mongolian section. Would definitely eat there again and again! Highly recommend!
5	Surprisingly good. The selection was far beyond what I anticipated, and if you show your club palms member card, it's pretty cheap compared to other Vegas buffets. There's free beer and wine at lunch & dinner. It's not the best, and you don't get to choose beyond red, white, and Busch, but free is always good. A Mongolian station (which I love), great Chile Colorado, good orange chicken, and for once, the Caesar has the dressing on it. Good meat stations as well. Overall, this is on my list of best buffets, and it's currently number one for the price. Try it.
4	I won't write much as it's 4 stars.1. Price (good, players card gets you a discount on an already low price)2. Service (everyone was good and drinks came out quick, plates removed when finished)3. Food, it's not fancy, but it's hot, good taste, good mix of foods. Steak, Chinese, Mexican. Only gripe was the pizza, flat, dull and no taste, I love me some pizza, but this lacks here.
5	The only thing bad about this buffet is the wait and I can understand why because the selections are huge and the food is delicious. For less than $20.00 per person you can get a 5 star selection of food without the price. I went during the brunch and it is true they do not have a large selection of breakfast foods but they have all the basics and to tell you the truth, since there is so much to choose from I didn't even notice that much. And to top it off, they kept the champagne coming. My server was one the best I have ever seen for a buffet.I had to go back three or four times to see all they had to offer. I will make this a regular stop because it is one of the best buffets I have been to in a long time.
5	This has become the best buffet in town.  Reasonable price and awesome food.
1	Bring back the Lebanese food! I came all the way to this casino just for that. Disappointed.
3	We had free breakfast along with our reservation so of course we're going to eat.For a little place and little price tag, the place isn't so bad. If you sign up for their players' card, you get $2 off or something. Note this...they will ask you to leave if they are ready for their next meal. We stayed there til 11am hoping that we can sample their lunch, but our waitress said that we would have to leave once the lunch group comes it. So, that kinda sucks!Anyhoo, it was decent food. Just the typical breakfast food. Breakfast food stops serving at 10:30am.
3	We came to Bristo Buffet after seeing some good reviews on yelp. It was around 2:40pm when we got to Bristo. The cashier told me the start picking up all the food by 3:15pm to prepare for dinner. So, we had to rush to eat because they kick everyone out before they start setting up for dinner. So I asked if could just pay for dinner. The cashier said either way we would get kicked out. This seemed weird to me because some buffets won't kick you out.So we ended up staying for the fast buffet I have ever had. We were done eating in like 40 mins. Normally I can enjoy my food while talking to my wife. Not today, we literally had to rush out of there. My record at a buffet was 4 hrs at the Carnival buffet at the Rio. We got there for breakfast & finished with dinner lol Back to bristo buffet, some of the food was good. I loved the crispy pork chops, the trip tip, the Mongolia food & Korean BBQ ribs. The soups were hot & tasted ok. There was some food that was cold. Therefore, I didn't enjoy it. I like to try this place again when we have time to enjoy our food.
4	Still one of the best values in Vegas for a buffet. Highly recommend Sunday champagne brunch & evenings when crab legs & other delicious fare are offered. Crab legs not offered every night so check ahead. Can't beat it for staff friendliness & experience.
4	Enjoyed this no non-sense buffet.  I especially liked how if you get their free club card, you get a big discount off of their buffet.  Probably one of the better priced buffets (post-discount) in the entire Las Vegas casino corridor.
4	Never thought I'd ever give a buffet 4 stars, but 4 stars is what Bistro gets. My bf and I went here on Friday night around 6:30pm for dinner and there was no line at all.  He said he loved this buffet mainly because of the crab legs being fresh and not being cut in half like most other buffets.  And he was absolutely right about that, but there was so much more than just the crab legs that I loved about this buffet.The variety of food is pretty typical but the quality seemed much higher.  I started off with two plates of the crab legs, which are not cut in half, but actually cut with little grooves so that you can crack them open yourself.  They were spectacular.  I'd go back just for these alone.  I also got the steamed mussels, which were big and tender.  Then onto the fried chicken, which at most buffets is dry, but not this time.  The outside was crispy and perfectly seasoned and the inside was juicy and tender.  In addition, they have fall-off-the-bone BBQ ribs, which melted in my mouth with every bite.  I was in heaven.  Last but not least, they have Hawaiian oxtail. I didn't discover these until I was already stuffed to the brim and I seriously wanted to keep eating them anyway.  The only thing I felt this buffet fell short on was the dessert station.  There was not much selection, and I only ended up getting the chocolate and vanilla mousse, which came in a little cup and tasted like it was spooned out of Jell-O packages, lol.  It was actually alright.  I also tried the red velvet cupcake, which tasted like cardboard.  One more plus is that you get unlimited wine and beer.  We both got chardonnay, and it was completely decent, not that I'm any sort of wine snob who could tell the difference anyway.
5	Let me tell you I am a huge fan of crab legs and like it a certain way.  I know there is a lot of lazy people out there that want to enjoy food with very little effort needed.  So let me just get this off my chest, I HATE WHEN BUFFETS CUT THE LEGS IN HALF.  Not only is the meat cold by the time you get back to the table but they are dried up.  The only way to eat crab legs is keeping them whole and cracking them yourself.  I know what people are thinking......"I hate cold crab legs and that is the only time they are whole".  WRONG.  AT the bistro buffet you get the whole cold crab legs and hand them to the cook.  He then will steam them for about 1 minute and the result.....perfect hot crab legs that I miss so much.  Well done bistro buffet. In addition to the crab legs all the other food is amazing and cooked perfect.  The selection is huge and I would highly recommend this buffet before some of the other expensive ones.On a side note, always be aware of your surroundings for dangerous crab leg crackers.  Its very easy to get shot in the face by some crab meat.  Its happened to me many times.  My girlfriend has gotten the best distance I've ever seen.  She cracked a leg and meat shot sideways over this guys head about 5 feet and he had no idea this happened.  I spit my wine out of my mouth because it was so funny.  SEE it can be so much fun eating food :)
5	Excellent brunch buffet!  We had a restaurant.com certificate plus we got a discount with their players card. There was so much to choose from. No way to try everything. We were happy to see that they had some foods from Hawaii where live ( Kal bi ribs, teriyaki chicken, fried pork belly, etc) my husband really enjoyed the stir fry. The only thing missing was mashed potatoes. They had breakfast potatoes but none to go with the prime rib. We will be back!
5	Get the players card. 3 min and  you get Sunday Brunch $19.00 for $13.00 ANYTIME!!! Free drinks beer, soda & wine
2	If hometown buffet opened a casino, this is what it would be like. Paid $25.99 each.   For what you paid for, this place just sucks.  Dining area is like a high school cafeteria, noisy and drafty.  Lots of food varieties cooked to mediocrity. Pro: they have beer (served in a solo cup like a carnival). Con: they only serve Miller lightHere's a tip: don't drop your fork because you only get one.
3	Friday night buffet price is $25.99, and although my husband was unimpressed, I felt this buffet was reasonably good, given Vegas pricing.There was a nice variety (and the quality of the food was good), however, the dessert bar was a little lacking.The atmosphere is not warm and inviting; but more cafeteria-style. In short, you get what you pay for in Vegas. Half the price of Bellagio, and half as good!
5	Stayed at the Palm hotel and decided to try the lunch Buffett Bristol! Surprisingly as a Club Palm member (free to sign up) the buffet is $8.99! The wide selections of international food such as Western, Thai, Chinese, Mongolian cuisines  etc were  unbelievable! We were so spoilt with choices and everything tasted so fresh and delicious! For this price, this lunch buffet is great value!  For those who have never been to a buffet in Vegas like us till today, we recommend you do so!
4	Not too shabby for a Vegas buffet. To me the off the strip buffets are better than the ones on. Not to mention the price difference as well.I went for sunday brunch. Standard omelette bar, stir fry bar, cut meats, salads, crab legs etc. Lots of asian food like jook, tea soaked eggs (what?), and noodles. Everything was pretty delicious in my opinion. The dessert selection is a tad tiny though. But I usually just want ice cream after my feast anyway.
3	When the Palms first opened I loved there buffet. This last visit I was disappointed. The food seemed like it had been sitting there for a while. The curries were good and the prime rib was moist and rare. Other than that everything else was just mediocre. We went on a Wed. for dinner and paid $20 for us  $10 for my 8 yr old and my 5 (4) yr old got in free. Thank goodness cause they are both under 40 lbs and do not eat that much. Don't think I will be back to this buffet.
5	Ate here in February 2014 and loved this buffet of all. Price can't be beat for the food they provide. The beer and wine was included in the meal and that made the deal sweeter. Dessert section was minimal, but, I can look pass that. I'm there to eat food. Can't fill up on only dessert. Looking forward to eat here next Tuesday 4/29/2014 for dinner while in town.
2	Prime rib was bland. Best thing was the butterfly shrimp. 16$ on Mother's day.  Dessert was terrible.
4	why so many bad reviews? maybe it's not the wynn buffet but shieeeet it's like half the price! i've nearly been to them all and to me, they're all basically the same. maybe the food isn't as glamorous as the wicked spoon, but it's definitely a thousand times better than the buffet at the orleans for example. but they have ACTUAL crab legs that you have to break yourself to get that glorious piece of meat out. dip that shit in butter and get ready to break out with acne all over the place the next day. i also find serious humor in watching others try so hard to break the shells only to get crab fragments because they don't know how to properly crack. make sure to sign up for a player's card before going!
5	Second review on the Bistro Buffet and again a very good Vegas buffet at $18.37 per person. The Players club card is the way to go to get that price. I ate here again May 20/ 2014 and the food is very good in my opinion. I travel once a month to vegas for work and always eat here. I'm glad I'm here on Tuesdays when they have snow crab legs on the buffet. Lets Just say they are so sweet with that butter. No problems or attitude getting them warmed up by cooks. Can't wait to eat here next month again.
4	I'll start by saying that I love Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo, it's my favorite Vegas buffet even though I've heard Bacchanel at Caeser's Palace is even better.We were staying at the Palms a few weeks ago and decided to try out Bistro Buffet since if you take 2 minutes to sign up for Club Palms (free) it's a paltry $8 for lunch. For that price I didn't expect it to be amazing, but was hoping it would at least be decent.It was way beyond decent.  I wouldn't quite put it up there with Wicked Spoon or the best of the best, but in terms of quality for value, it might be tops.  We ended up eating there two days in a row and I stuffed my face with many different kinds of delicious food from beef to chicken to ham to pastas and desserts.As someone who loves food maybe a little too much, I was impressed with the quality. Anyone who reviews Bistro Buffet and complains about it being expensive is Not Doing It Right.  For example, on Mother's Day the prices predictably shot way up, but guess which day I didn't eat there?  Be smart, people.Hell I've eaten lunch at Wendy's for more than $8.  This is an outright steal.I doubt anyone who isn't staying at the Palms is going to make a special trip there to go here, but if you ARE staying there, I can't think of any reason you wouldn't want to, and that's even WITH the other also very good places to eat that they offer.  Okay, maybe if you're counting calories and you don't want temptation.Otherwise, let the feast begin!
2	With this being my first and likely last visit here, it struck me as a poor attempt to compete with Rio's Carnival buffet across the street. Even as a card holder, I paid over $20pp for the Tuesday Dinner.  In comparison to other buffets on or near the LV Strip, it was 1/3 less of the selection and quality you'd find for the price. The flavors were also very bland. The service was not so prompt either. It was the dinner rush, and only a single available cashier who also bypassed a few VIPs.  The ongoing experience actually caused me to lose my appetite as the meal continued. I don't plan on reliving this one. The only positive aspect was their crab legs.
4	Had dinner here on a Fri night, it was busy. Signed up for a palms club card to get the deal. Each person must have a card to receive the deal so if you have teens you'll have to pay regular price. For the 3 of us with the discount applied for one it was $77.Staff: friendly and attentiveFood: good variety, delicious and flavorful. Had oysters, crab legs, Asian station was good.Lacking: wish club card applied for your whole party and dessert station was quite small but what they did offer was good.Overall, I would come back.
4	Strong 4 stars when you come here with a buy one get one free coupon out of the booklets they mail to locals. With tax and tip you walk out at just under $14 a person for dinnertime.You're not going to find king crab and rack of lamb, but a lot of the food they put out is pretty tasty.The tri-tip was a perfect medium/med-rare and rubbed with a nice peppercorn seasoning on the outside. You won't find a better tri-tip at many of the all you  can eat Brazilian joints that are $40...and it wasn't overcooked (I'm looking at you Rio buffet). They also have New York strip.The build your own shrimp fajitas were excellent. The shrimp used to be a bit larger the last time I was here. They downsized but still not bad...you can dig underneath the veggies and really give yourself a nice 50% shrimp to onion/pepper mix ratio (I've made the mistake at Mexican restaurants and ordered shrimp fajitas for $15.99 where it was 6 large shrimp on a bed of onions and peppers piled high).The Thai section was surprisingly good for a buffet...better than the bland buffet they put out for lunch at Thai Orchid.Orange chicken was crispy and excellent (Gotta grab it fresh).Bread pudding was moist and flavorful.They were busy and service was excellent.Where they could stand some improvement...paying attention to things that need attention!- The whiskey sauce for the bread pudding was out...and I mean out for a full hour. It was out when I first got there and remained out an hour later when I was on dessert...the guy made some up special for myself and 3 other people that were waiting.-The plates! The plates! Have you ever been to a buffet where they ran out of plates? Neither have I...until tonight. They were only out for 2-3 minutes, but still, going up to get food and there's no plates...anywhere.-The ice cream machine is hit or miss. Sometimes it's the high quality cream, sometimes it's the ice milk crap.-The wine is pretty foul. It's nice that they include it for free, but it's so nasty that they offer "free wine" and only 2 people in the whole place were drinking it.Overall a 3 star joint if paying full price, 4 stars if you've got a buy one get one.
4	Per Mandi L.'s suggestion we purchased a Travel Zoo voucher good for 2 people for $35 for any night of the week at the Bistro Buffet.. She had raved about the crab legs so we made sure to come hungry! No wait on a Saturday at 6pm so in we went to join her table... The buffet is small and so the selections are few compared to other buffets but man I was impressed with the seafood selection.. They have shrimp, oysters and cold crab legs in the salad section.. The line may look long but it moves pretty fast.. While waiting in line the chefs offer the option of hot crab legs.. I definitely recommend this because they do not skimp on the amount of yummy crab legs they fill your plate with and it saves you the time of having to sort through the cold crab legs. They also have crawfish, mussels, salmon and many other seafood options.. AYCD beer and wine are also included with your meal and we definitely took advantage of the white wine!Con: Dessert section is limited.. HOT TIP: Fridays and Saturdays are their seafood nights
1	Too bad I can't give a 1/2 star. Bistro Buffet is horrible.  Please be advised: discount for card holders only,  not even if you're with your children. Pathetic... the food was horrible they should have let us all in to compensate for the lack of quality.  Unlike the Alize, the food isn't worth the hassle of getting a players card.  Take the 10-15 minutes drive to the M for great quality food,  culturally diverse selection and a nice selection of alcohol and beer.   The Bistro only offered Bud Light for beer and the typical wine selection.  M offer's more than the Palms.  Laricka was excellent and the only personable person in the entire establishment.   Hated this place, two thumbs down.  We were with a group of ten and we all agreed this place is horrible.  NEVER AGAIN.   Food Temps were below,  fish rubbery,  and small in comparison to the M.  Another good buffet is Red Rock! Five of us in our party work for major corporation globally and not recommending this place EVER.
1	Be prepared to wait in line for bland and mediocre food. I waited 1.5 hrs on a Tue seafood night and there was barely any seafood. Then I had to wait for a plate and my ice tea came with food stuck on it! Not enough staff, bus boys waiters, hostesses aka poor service. I will not be back
4	I really don't go to buffets often, but I had to give this place 4 stars because of the price! Is it the best food I ever had...no. But is it the best food I ever had for under $20 and sometimes under $10, just about. I stayed at Palms Place last weekend and as we explored the Palms Casino we saw this buffet. I noticed that if you got a players card(free), you could get points and discounts at food places including the buffet. Seeing that the buffet breakfast was under $10 and there was a champagne brunch with seafood on Sunday for $19.99, I knew I was coming here for a couple meals.Breakfast only- They had the basics like oatmeal, grits, eggs, bacon, fruit, cereal, etc. but they also had Asian inspired breakfast dishes and I thought those were really good. If you've ever stayed at the embassy suites and had their free breakfast...that's what it reminded me of.Brunch- It had all the breakfast stuff PLUS a taco fajita section, Thai and other Asian dishes, a carving area, omelette station, Oysters, muscles, crab legs, shrimp, and desserts like cupcakes, tarts, ice cream and bread pudding. I think the highlight was the included all you can drink champagne and mimosas. Other people may have given this buffet lower ratings, but I've never paid under $20 for all of that (one drink in vegas is $10 and up).Atmosphere- Overall, I'm not a huge fan of buffets because I'm funny about germs and people coughing or licking their fingers while touching stuff, but I survived my experience here. Yes it does have a cafeteria feel, but as you can tell from what I've said before, I'm eating here for the value. The place was clean and servers were nice...good enough for me.All in all I think this place is worth having a meal at. You're going to spend the same thing at a fast food place so you might as well get all you can eat and more selection. The quality for the most part was good, not everything was great, but you'll find enough good stuff to leave satisfied. Def come for Brunch!
1	I usually enjoy buffets but this place was just blah to me!  Had a funny odor right when we walked in so that turned me off right away. We had to wait 5 mins for clean plates. The food options we're boring and nothing looked appetizing to me. The desert section was small and just a few mini cupcakes and soft serve icecream. My boyfriend though did enjoy the pozole they had.  Never again!! Only getting 1 star for the pozole and the nice waitress who kept our glasses full and plates cleared. Oh and u do get complimentary beer and my boyfriend enjoyed that as we'll!
1	Well. Love buffets, even ones that are more quantity than quality. Not this buffet though...unbelievably disappointed. I received 1/2 off, so figured I would try it. Guess what? It was $11 still...and not worth $5 unfortunately. Some feedback to the buffet staff. Keep clean utensils on the buffet...EVERY single one was sticky and dirty to the point of being gummed up! Disgusting...cannot get past how filthy it was.  I even brought napkins up to wrap handles...had to leave a couple cause they were stuck. Wow.The food quality was just ok. Some items were very good, others...should have just not had if they were going to be done so poorly. Don't know if I will be back.
1	I have been standing in line for over 60 minutes. Paid 30 minutes in waiting another 30 after i pay is complerely rude. They are apso letring literally 100 "vip" Members in front of the uncool people never again will i eat here
1	Wife and I stayed at the palms on June 28th and decided to buy the groupon for two.  One word...DONT.  Have you ever seen the Movie Vegas Vacation?  Remember when cousin Eddie made the statement the bread pudding is extra runny tonight, well that decribes much of the entrees and Dessertat the Palms Buffet.  We had the all you can drink Beer as well, but we were so disappointed that we decided to not partake.  Only thing that was worth eating was the "Prime Rib", they are kinda skimpy but just tell the guy to keep cutting.  Definately overall a thumbs down
5	For the price of a Happy  Meal, I absolutely enjoyed an incredible 4th of July lunch at the Bistro Buffet. Grilled shrimp! Beer! And a special shout-out to Katrina, my server, who made sure my cup 'o' beer was always full!
1	gross!!! Food is stale and tasteless. poorly cooked and lacks flavor. completely disappointed! will never be back.
4	Buffets are one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas, and today the choice was the Bistro Buffet at the Palms.  I went on a Friday evening, July 4th at about 6pm.  The wait in line was about 15 minutes.  The seating area is large, but not as large as many on-strip buffets.  Once we were seated, we were very satisfied.  This package included beer and wine, ordered through the server.  We both decided to do White Wine tonight, and our wine was refilled several times during our meal.The food stations were very organized, always hot, well presented, full, and SO YUMMY!  The service was friendly.  We had very few items that we thought could be improved upon.  I have to give this buffet a big thumbs up.  I would most definitely return, and probably will again in the future.  We are glad we made this trip off strip, for this recommendation.  For me to give a 5 on a buffet, I have to be absolutely wowed and my palette has to be exploding with flavor.  But trust me, 4 stars is still very awesome for my reviews.
1	Worst food ever, nothing is fresh, fried chicken was raw. We did not eat much, left hungry. Would not recommend to anyone.
4	Cons:  Long wait, limited food selection, dessert section is a big disappointment, steak is not good. Pros: Cheap esp for locals. Love the salad bar. I keep coming back to their unique balsamic vinaigrette dressing, ca't get enough of seafood.
4	I'm not a huge fan of buffet, but for 12.99 for a lunch buffet I was pleasantly surprised. Everything I had was really flavorful. The meat was really flavorful (tri tip & turkey). Only thing I didn't care for was the eclairs (dough was bland & over cooked). Like I said, pleasantly surprised for $12.99.
2	Gross, the shrimp aren't clean. The food is random and really poor quality. Small selection of food all around. My free wine was in a dirty glass.
3	My boyfriend loves buffets, I love omelets, so we went over to Bistro Buffet, so he can have his buffet and I can have made-to-order omelet. Since my friend was playing slots-o'-lots that morning, he was able to get it for my boyfriend and I comped. Apparently, if you sign up for their membership card and acquire 350 slot point, you can get a comped buffet if you go to the promotion desk. Otherwise, sign up for the card, and get the buffet discounted (if you're a local, ask for the coupon book, they have 2 for 1 coupons in there). As for the buffet, you get what you pay for. However, the made-to-order omelet, crab legs, and made to order Mongolian BBQ is bomb diggity! :) And there was ice cream to finish it off.
2	I am a las vegas local who has been to plenty of buffets all around vegas with that said i was not impressed with this buffet what so ever! After waiting in line about 45 mins we assumed the food must 've been great . I would think a popular casino right off the strip would have excellent food selections, wrong.  The food did not look appealing. I couldn't even bring myself to try it. The desert selections are very very limited, and sad . The only thing that made the buffet was the crab legs. Those were great but that's it!! Buffets should rely on one item alone! If it weren't for the crab legs and a decent slice of meat this buffet would have only got one star.   If u want a great buffet go to the M resort. That is one of the best in vegas.!
1	We went there on a Groupon deal. The place was disgusting!! First of all Palms is a mile off The Stip. It was a 20 minute walk through shady area of LV or a $10 cab ride. It is everything you would think of when it comes to a bad buffet. The tables were oily, fishy smell in the air, wait staff chatting and nowhere to be found when you need something.  The servings of food were crusty/ dry due to lack of activity. I tried a lot of things and I did not like anything!  The others I was afraid to try.  Their famous crab legs were a nightmare to open with a plastic pick. Overall it was a sad waste of time and taste buds.
4	We have been to this buffet quite a few times.  We decided to come here on a Sunday night and was surprised at how long the line was.  We waited for 20 minutes to get in.  I didn't realize that Sunday night was seafood night.  They had a wide selection of seafood items from gumbo to deep fried fish. Lots of shrimp, mussels and calamari made in many different ways.  They also had New York steak cooked medium. Although I would have preferred it more rare, it was still tasty nonetheless. Their Asian section is always good and this particular night their pancit was very tasty.  They also have a Thai section with different types of green, yellow curries to entice your pallet. Everything was quite good, but because we got there later in the evening, the dessert section was limited and I didn't get my usual plate of watermelon, cantaloupe and honeydew. The only other complaint I had was that their spoons and ladles to scoop the food were pretty sticky.  They need to clean these more often, especially with the volume of traffic they had that evening.
4	1st time trying this buffet and I'm not really much of a fan for buffets but it was good. Def worth a revisit and mainly because of the unlimited Krab leg. Some of the other dishes were good. Some weren't. But I tried a little bit of everything and for 22.99 a person I'll say it was worth every dollar.
3	We came here on friday for seafood night and it was great! The best part of their seafood buffet was their crab legs. If you like them as much as I do make sure you come and make your monies worth. They also have several dishes with shrimp and crawfish. The service is good however, you may have to wait a little be to be seated. Oh did I mentioned that they have all you can drink wine and beer!   Thats definitely a good perk! The bad part about the buffet is the size. Its a bit small so they do not have a large selection of items and the food is just ok. Overall, a good buffet at a reasonable price.
4	Great buffet at an extremely reasonable price. I went here for Sunday brunch and it cost about $19 but it would have been less if I would have got the players card before that. So be sure to do that.I personally enjoyed the breakfast items more than lunch but overall everything was very good. We were offered mimosas that were included with the brunch and that was nice.  I would definitely return again because it is such a great price for a buffet. You won't paying for this place after your done. Quality food for a great price. Selection isn't huge but I personally don't mind because usually the quantity makes the quality go down. And also if theres too much food then you can never really taste anything. You end up just sampling a bunch of stuff. I would take quality over quantity!It isn't the absolute best buffet in Vegas BUT it is the best valued buffet. It beats paying 30 for an underwhelming buffet. For example the Rio wasn't as good and it is way more expensive. Instead here you pay a reasonable price for a reasonable buffet and I love that about this place.
3	This place used to be terrible. They raised their prices, and their quality. We have only gone to the seafood buffet on Fridays. The crab legs are amazing, although the guy eyeing the tip jar when I ask to steam them is annoying, I can deal with that. 4 of the 5 times we have gone lately they have had Kalbi ribs, which are great, and black bean mussels, which blew me away 4 times, and repulsed me the 5th time (I think we were there too late). They charge full price for my teenager, while those over 21 are able to get 6 bucks off with a players card (free). That annoys me a bit. Overall I would say if you like crab legs, and can put some away, then you need to be here on a Friday night.
4	The buffet is the most reasonable in Las Vegas. Youll get a additional discount if you have a Palms card. They have a large variety of food selection to choose from. I came here every time I come to Las Vegas.
3	the pricing here is pretty standard; $20.99 per person.the food tastes okay & the service here is better than the food.not much to eat for vegetarians & even less to eat for vegans.overall 3 stars because of the service (people come by to pick up the plates/dishes pretty often), otherwise i would have given this place 2 stars.
3	I'd give this buffet 3.5 stars. It has a large selection of Asian foodIf you use a players card you get a discount.
3	I really liked the food at this buffet! A variety of foods, Mexican, Asian, seafood, American. Very tasty crab legs, oysters, curry. The deserts were not spectacular, just ok. They offer all you can drink wine and beer- not good, bud light and the red wine was the worst I have tasted:( The place itself is very casual, a little sloppy. Great food though!
1	I really pity those reviewers who thought The Bistro Buffet at the Palms was good. In my 18 years in Las Vegas the Thursday afternoon lunch buffet was without a doubt the worst I ever had anywhere. The tri-tip at the carving station looked good but was very tough. The salmon fillet was totally dry. The crab cake evidenced no visible crabmeat. The pork I had was more than 50% fat & grizzle. Even the desserts were awful. There were just two pieces of pie out for grabs - a cream & a cherry. Both looked dried out. Every other buffet I've gone to at local casinos recently had homemade ice-cream & sorbet. This had a sad soft-freeze machine. BEWARE BROTHER, BEWARE!
2	We went last night and it was disgusting.  All seafood was frozen and bland.  Service was great, but patrons were obnoxious.  Orange chicken and beef bourguignon were decent.  That was it.
5	Ya know being a food lover with allergies it's tough eating at buffets.. I'm allergic to wheat, corn, peanuts,  walnuts,  clams, & sesame seeds. It's usually a problem to find food that's delicious for the price you pay.  I've tried their breakfast buffet & left unsatisfied with our money back. 8/26/14  at 4:30 pm on a Tuesday.  I was surprised,  staff was in a decent good mood except for the cashier, Ivelina. She wasn't happy, greeted us but she was very short with us. Wasn't personable at all. That's not a way to set the mood of the customer's buffet experience. I tried the mixed greens first.  Added black olive, chick peas, mushrooms & very light Italian dressing. I was kind of grossed out by the serving spoons. I had to get the attention of the lady wiping down the counter.  I did let her know they were filthy & she thanked me for letting her know.Then I made tacos in a lettuce wrap. I saw the iceberg chopped lettuce in the center with tomatoes.  I asked for assistance so I didn't touch the food. I grabbed big iceberg leaves, added black olives from the salad bar.  Went to the taco station where I skipped the refried beans, wasn't impressed the last time it was watery hardly any beans in it.  Added taco meat,  & shredded cheese on top. Round 3 I was lost what to try next.  Had a slice of tri tip (over cooked) & ham on my plate. I was looking at the chicken parm dissatisfied with the selection.  I guess Robert could read my displeasure on my face.  I really love chick parm but it's breaded & usually has what flour or corn starch. Robert strikes up a conservation with just asking how I was.  I replied "good, but disappointed". He asked why?  I told him the selection is limited for someone with food allergies.  He said I should try the Mongolian cook to order station. I said I wouldn't know where to start I don't normally eat Mongolian.  I'm not adventurous, ha. Creature of habit. I grabbed brocoli, peppers & sprouts (I think they look like white roots). David came right over & made the cook to order meal with beef & chicken because I couldn't decide. He asked me why I was disappointed, because Robert mentioned it.  I told him the list of allergies.  He shook his head,  asked me before he put anything on the meat if I could have soy. I said it was fine. He added soy sauce to them & teriyaki. Really great service. I can't remember our servers name shoot. She was from El Salvador. She saw me wiping my hands with my own wet towelette.  She set down on the table 4 more because she knew I had complained about how sticky the serving spoons were up there.  She was the sweetest. Your staff is so kind.  I wish the cashiers were as delightfully pleasant as the rest of the staff. Still 5 stars just because the price is right & service was excellent.
2	Between 2 and 3 stars. A few things were good (turkey, beef ribs). Tri tip would've been good but it was very undercooked. Consensus is a step up from Old Country Buffet.
3	Do NOT sign up for the Player's card thinking you will get a discount at Bistro Buffet. The cashier at the buffet told us the discount with the Player's card has ended. Thanks for telling us AFTER we had given away our phone number, email, address, and date of birth all for nada. The buffet breakfast is still a good value at only $9.99.  If you want to spend less on a buffet breakfast than you would spend on the strip buffets and are tired of McDs, this might be the place for you. Just walk past the Player's Club, pay the full price and enjoy your meal.
2	What happened to this place? Over the span of a year or two, its gone downhill from one of the best priced and really well executed great buffets in town to one of the worst. They just removed the discount for folks who don't gamble a lot, so now prices are $10 for breakfast, $14 for lunch and I think $21 or so for dinner. Still good prices compared to the on Strip properties but now much too high to be a deal.On top of that, there has been a slow but noticeable decline in food quality and food offerings. From a rotating menu of delicious dishes equal to many of the better kitchens in town they have gone down in quality and now offering a processed nacho cheese stations. Instead of baked whole salmon on their carving station, they now have super fatty pork, and from gorgeous interesting salads they have changed to serving  iceberg wedges. Desserts are now inedible.When you combine the fact that they have increased prices, dramatically decreased quality of ingredients and taste of food, and now have eliminated the discount for having a Player's Card, I think it is well on its way to being one of worst buffets in town.When I visited on Saturday for lunch, the place was pretty empty and the food had been sitting out too long.It's pretty clear that the management of the buffet has changed. The kitchen is no longer preparing as many interesting and usual and tasty dishes and replacing it little by little with the standard cafeteria quality pre=cooked crap of the worst buffets in town,So although the service is still good, it can't make up for the awful combination of bad food at bad prices.Stay away!!Managment: Please bring back the quality in your  kitchen staff and your food items.
1	Horrible, horrible! A lot of the veggies at the salad part were spoiled, NO I'M NOT KIDDING.  So much food on the floor, looked like they haven't mopped it. A sign said club palms gave discount, WRONG. The girl at the cashier  charged our card before telling us the total then said she couldn't refund it. The dinner buffet was 20 dollars a person, not worth it at all since the selection is so small and bad. I didn't know you were allowed to sell old food and spoiled food. The waiter took like 20 minutes to get our drinks and the buffet wasn't busy at all. Do not not go here. Go somewhere else. 20 dollars a person is not worth this.
1	They no longer offer discount to players card members and the quality of food has decreased substantially. We have never stayed at the Palms hotel but it has been somewhat of a tradition that regardless of where we were staying on the strip we would make at least one drive over to the Palms for the buffet and some gambling afterwards. I wasn't so much disappointed with the increased cost aspect of it as I was with the apparent degrade in quality. I especially missed the kalbi beef ribs and the sesame wings.. If anyone reading this has any suggestions for other off strip buffets please feel free to share!
1	Horrible buffet.  Selection is poorly managed .  Too many items.  Not enough quality. To make matters worse they discontinued honoring player cards for any discounts.  The Bellagio and wynn buffets are the same price but 10 times better !!!
2	The only reason I ate here coz I was staying @ palms. I tried both their lunch and dinner buffet and both time I was disappointed. There is not a big selection, food doesn't look appetizing, most food is used from the day before, all food is bland and the desert area is a joke. For deserts, they have bread pudding, which was kind of tasty, some day old pana cotta, some kind of pudding, hometown buffet style old ice cream machine and week old and dry nasty cupcakes. Service is great but bad food.
4	Seafood buffet on a Tuesday night is hard to find.   50% off thru las vegas advisor very good at that price.
2	This makes me so sad to give the Palms Buffet such a mediocre rating. But it wouldn't be fair for me to rave that it was great when it just wasn't. Its a great deal. It really is,14 dollars for an all you can eat buffet? After a long night out on the strip? Sign me up! I wish I could say it was as delicious as it is affordable.There were a few dishes that were downright fantastic, the BBQ Pork Ribs were mouthwatering and delicious, and the Dijon Meatballs were quite tasty as well. But overall everything seemed to be a little too salty, a little too dry, or a little too tough. A shame since last year (before I was a yelper) I would have raved up and down what a hidden gem this was, apparently things change and not always for the better.The service was less than prompt, but when they did arrive they were kind. I wasn't expecting much. The drink selection is good including beer and wine, so again, great bargain!Overall, it wasn't a terrible experience in the least but....I probably wont visit again unless I'm staying at the Palms, broke and hungover.
4	I happen to love crab legs, oysters, and wine, its heaven on earth for me.  I homestly cannot remember anything what is in the place pst those 3 itemss.  Ask for waitress Saleem she will keep the wine pouring and table cleared. Me and my guys favorite dare night spot.
1	Was once one of the best buffets around. In the last few months it's turned into the buffet from Vegas Vacation. They had multiple great selection but now it's all horrible and dry and cheap. They had a platter marked Chicken Parm. It was dried out chicken in a pan of crusted old tomato sauce and they spooned even older and drier pesto on top! Looked horrible. Trout was great but now it's dry and tasteless. Meat was like shoe leather, and even the salad section was really weak, wilted and boring. Desserts were pretty good but limited. Stay away. Sucks.
2	I had a Travelzoo voucher for Bistro Buffet. I thought it was like any other buffet, nothing spectacular. We did go on seafood night, they had tons of crab legs (raw and cooked). I was disappointed they only had raw shrimp.
5	I don't understand all the negative reviews I'm a picky person and I loved this place. For about 13.99 is not bad at all we went Saturday around 1:30 it was busy but not too busy food was delicious I just wishes there was more variety in the deserts I will be back
4	We returned to this buffet about 4 months since my last visit.  We had a TravelZoo voucher for a $34.99 for two people with unlimited beer and wine.  I am going to maintain my solid 4 star rating this visit.  We showed up at about 5pm for an early dinner, and were seated in a comfortable booth near the buffet line.  The decor was nice and the server this time was excellent. She constantly was coming by to check on us, and continue to refill our white wine!  Everything else was just as good as the prior review.
1	So why the five star went to one? Simple, prices increased. For 13.99 dollar lunch it was bad. Their stupid club card has no value whatsoever unless you play. I'd rather eat at redrock now. They got rid of Korean BBQ and beef RiBS. RIP I won't be back
5	Awesome customer service. Even as they were closing, they unwrapped all their ice cream toppings just for me and even touched my marshmallows. The staff then sang happy birthday to me after they were closed. They really went above and beyond to make our night special. Check out the travel zoo voucher to get the most bang for your buck.
2	The price went up and the quality went down. It's still o.k. if your a drinker as you get wine and bear with your meal, if not, it's not worth it. There are other local buffets that offer more variety at a lower price point.
1	My wife and I came here on a Sunday night and other that beer being included, it was pretty bad. The food seemed to have been sitting under a heat lamp for a while, I can honestly say nothing I had was really good. It cost us $45 for 2 people and wasn't worth it. We're locals and have tried many of the buffets but will never come back to this one.
3	The buffet has a decent selection of cuisines. On a good day, when the cuts aren't unattended, everything is good. If you go later in the afternoon, everything under the heat lamps is very dry and gross. Desserts are delicious or maybe I'm just too much of a sweet tooth, overall it's an alright off-the-strip Buffett.
2	I've been to many a buffet, and for the price this place is not worth it.The food here is subpar and the servers are hit or miss. The pricing is weird, it depends on which level of players card you are BUT if you have a coupon you pay the normal price which is crappy.I've had brunch and dinner here and both are pretty much let downs. Brunch has the normal items, salad bar, omelet area, and desserts. Before they used to serve NY strips and had a carving station with ham and prime rib but that is no longer offered. Instead you get omelettes and pretty much no protein anywhere. The majority of the items have been sitting there for a bit because they have the weird glaze over them.Goods:SaladsPancitPancakesCountry fried steak (which a lot of places do not have)Dinner does have the carving stations and all the regular fares.The service here is hit or miss. We came here for brunch last week and 2 servers attended our table of 2... but very sporadically. They were more interested in the larger groups of people... thanks for that.I'll stick to Rampart buffet.Yay for Rampart!
2	Omg no discount for locals or club cards. Food was old and crusty. And for 15 dollars a person for lunch. McDonalds would of been better. Thanks Palms tou always said "locals first"... i will never ever come here again. Just gross!
1	This has to be one of the worst in the Valley.  Looks like the spent the budget on the interior. Though to me it just looked like an old Furr's cafeteria, if only the food was to that level. Very few selections and what was there was cold, dry, bland and not worth the $14 per person they charged. I can only assume it is trying to cater to the elderly it was crowded with since at their age they have lost their sense of taste anyway.
3	My friend and I ate here after scoring a Travelzoo '2-for' deal.  It was clean and nice inside.  Food was ok.  I was loving the crablegs on the buffet!  It comes with wine/beer but I found the wine repulsive myself. I'm no connoisseur though.  Probably wouldn't have wanted to pay full price for the buffet but then again I'm not from Vegas so I'm not used to $20-40 buffet sticker prices.  Waitress was nice but not around much.  Safe bet if you want to find something to eat but you don't know exactly what you want.  Plus there was no line so that was nice since we were starving.  Overall, it was ok.  I'd go again but I wouldn't tap dance through the doors (if that makes sense lol).
2	Was hoping to have a four star experience. Service was good but food left us wanting. No real taste and most was overlooked. Not bad but not good either
3	If you're planning on going for lunch, be sure to get there somewhere in the middle. Lunch is from 11 am to 4pm and I came in with my family at 3.  The whole section with mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese and roasted chicken was emptied out and not planned to be replaced until dinner. The remaining food choices had a variety, but they also looked like it was cold and had been sitting out for a while. Service is good. The waitresses and waiters are nice and attentive (which I've given two of the three stars to)
