4	While there seems to be a saturation of Thai restaurants in the Central Corridor, I'm not one to complain when something new comes along the pike. And Thai E-San is a welcome addition to the eateries in our area. And being opened less than a week didn't stop us from trying this place out. For starters, Thai E-San took over the former Big Wong space. Since I'd not been in there in ages, I'm not sure if the new tenets did a massive overhaul or if they moved into this clean space. It feels more like you're visiting your Asian aunt than walking into a restaurant. The tables and chairs are so huge, I felt dwarfed by them. The multicolored lights cast interesting hues in the room. But it is a little too cold, temperature-wise for me. Okay, on to the food. Robert M ordered the crispy pork with Chinese broccoli; I ordered the beef Mas-Sa-Mun curry. Robert's meal wasn't exactly what he expected, which would have been cubed pork chops battered and deep fried. Rather, it was pork with the skin still on and crispy. I liked it. The Mas-Sa-Mun was beef stewed in a coconut milk sauce with potatoes, green onions and peanuts. I'll get it again, but hotter than mild as it lacked the kick. But, I ordered weak so that's what I received. There were a few hiccups: service wasn't very attentive, the dishes came out at different times, another table received soup instead of fried rice (but the guy was a nimrod who insisted on eating with chopsticks and proceeded to holler at the staff from across the room), and the bill was delayed in its arrival. All things that should iron themselves out as the staff--which appeared relatively new to waiting tables--grow more accustomed to their craft and the kitchen becomes better choreographed. The prices seems a little high, but in these times I feel like any amount could be construed as "too high." I'll definitely be back, but to order different items and find their signature dishes. I'm thinking their "Special noodles, Soup" items are looking mighty fine and the lunch specials sound like a great bargain, starting at $7.95 for a lunch dish, fried wonton, egg roll and cup of soup.
4	I stopped in to pick up some Green Curry tofu to go, and have to agree that unless you've got a crew, the seating setup doesn't  seem like it would lend itself to intimate dining. But it's not anything unexpected as far as decor. Much like the Indian restaurants on 8th Street in NYC, if it doesn't look like the inside of a fully lit Christmas tree, there's something wrong.  I enjoyed the substantive look of the chairs and tables, actually. Compared to the converted diner look of Thai Rama, there's much more opportunity for ambience in the evening, for sure.Back to my food: I asked for it hot, and said "I can handle it." I likes me some spicy. The hostess was super nice and I waited maybe ten minutes before my to-go bag arrived.  As a lunch special, it came with a spring roll and soup, which made quite the spread for ten bucks. The green curry was awesomely spicy, savory and the veggies were nice and crisp, however, I would have liked a firmer tofu in it. The rice was nice and sticky and aromatic, too. Overall, I think Thai E San gave me a great calling card with that one dish. I will definitely go back with friends to try some more dishes we can all share to explore more of what the restaurant has to offer.
3	Definitely the prettiest Thai restaurant!  I walked in to meet with one of my favorite girls, Ayesha S., and saw her sitting at a HUGE table.  Huge.  For two of us.  It was a big, round, marble monstrosity but very stylish.  We started out with the spring rolls with shrimp.  They came out and they were gigantic!  That must be the theme here.  Definitely fresh ingredients and nothing in it was overdone.  Service was a little spotty at the beginning, but improved during our meal.  They refilled out drinks a few times without having to be asked.I got the spicy mussels.  They came on a big (HUGE) platter with a few sauteed veggies and a spicy sauce.  I know mussels aren't very good as a leftover, so I ate them all.   I didn't feel stuffed like Thanksgiving at the end of the meal, but properly sated.I will definitely be back again.  I'd like to try a few more items on the menu.  Like Ayesha, I'd like to see more heat.  "If it don't make ya cry, why would ya eat it??"I'd also like to meet the owner.  I mean, since everything is so huge...maybe it's a reflection? ;}
4	I have eaten at Thai E-San several times and the food is very good. The ingredients are very fresh, which I suspect is why the prices are a little higher than other places. I would personally rather pay an extra dollar to get high quality.The pad thai is excellent, one of the best I have had. It's suprising how many thai restaurants cannot make a good version of this basic dish. Add a little chili sauce to give it a great kick. The red curry is a little different than most places, but very good and very fresh. The same goes for the chicken coconut soup. It's delicious.I agree that the large tables are a little big for a twosome, and the service is a little off.  I think the service will improve with time.I have eaten at thai restaurants around the world and I think the food here is excellent. Very fresh and authentic. Give it a try.UPDATE: They have lowered their prices a bit, and they are now very competitive. Most of the lunches are $6.49, which includes soup and eggroll. A great deal for excellent food.
5	The BEST Thai restaurant ever!!!! If you love spicy food, this is your place. I would recommend Thai E-San to everyone who fall in love with "Lemongrass Soup" and also "Curry". It's just right, I can't explain you've better try! such as Satay chicken(took so long but yummy) Lemongrass soup, Spicy Fried rice, and Mus sa man curry Ohh! don't forget Thai tea for your drink. I definitely will be back. Thank you
1	We had a party of 5 celebrating a b-day! I am giving them 1 star not because of the food, it was because of waiting for over 1 hour for our food. After an hour of waiting and watching the other par tons leave because they can not wait, our appetizers came out then the soup. Then one by one our dishes came flowing out of the kitchen. The b-day girl insisted for us to wait, because to her the food is one of the BEST. The food was good, but not the BEST. Was it worth the hour wait? NO!
3	I'm a sucker for a great local Thai restaurant, so I decided to try our Thai E-San (since it's right around the corner from my house). I was able to call my order in, and it was ready about 15 minutes later. It's in what used to be the Big Wong Chinese restaurant, but they've made some nice changes inside. The decor was very nice and inviting, and I was promptly greeted by a super cheerful lady all ready with my check. I ordered the  Pad Thai Lunch Special with chicken and Shrimp. I ordered it with two stars for the level of spice, just to be safe. the lunch special came with a humongous bowl of soup, a spring roll and a humongous heap of Pad Thai. I started with the soup, which I found a bit off putting (but I'm not much of a soup guy, maybe my wife would llke it better?) Next I dove into the spring roll. Not very good in my opinion, but that could just be my taste. I wasn't a fan of the texture, and there wasn't much flavor in the spring rol. The pad thai was pretty good, I've definitely had better. Will I go back? Heck yeah I will. I only tried the one dish, and it was pretty good. Next time maybe I'll  try one of the many curries they have on the menu. All in all, I shelled out 7 bucks for lunch for myself and what will most definitely by lunch for my wife tomorrow.
4	You know the food is going to be good and authentic when Engrish is involved, the online menu lists "Stirs Fries" and "Fried Rices". My hope is that ethnic food is as authentic as possible since it's an opportunity to experience the food and culture of somewhere I might not ever get to go. And Thai E-San does not disappoint.The menu is expansive, with something for everyone, tofu, fish, chicken, squid, duck, beef, pork, vegetables, rice, noodles, you get the idea. The ingredients are fresh and high quality.The prices are reasonable (especially considering the portions are enough for two meals) and they have great lunch specials.The staff is courteous and friendly.I just can't get enough of Thai E-San. It's some of the best Thai food I've had in the valley.
4	As a big fans of Northern Thai food, we were excited to try this place.  The food was great and they even have sticky rice.  Everyone there was friendly and service was quick.  The decor is definitely different, but the large tables actually proved useful for all the dishes we ordered.
2	I wish Big Wong is still here... but instead its Thai ESan.After my bad experience at Thai Lhana I thought I would redeem the Thai cuisine by checking this place out for dinner. The parking lot look busy but when I got inside, there were maybe 5 couples seated. There were only 2 servers so we waited a bit before being seated.The place was scary quiet, library quiet. I couldn't figure out but then I had an AH-HA moment... the tables were GINORMOUS. I felt small sitting in the chair and the round marble tables normally seat 6-8 but are used for couples. Everyone was seated so far away, screaming would have been a good conversation level. The two servers seemed pretty busy so it was a while before we were able to put in our drink orders. We both ordered an iced thai mil tea which was good, standard. We ordered a Thai Sampler Appetizer: wontons, fish cake, chicken satay, egg rolls and Thai Toast, pad thai and red curry (spice level 4 of 5).It was about 45 min before our appetizer made its way out. I would normally be understanding if they were busy but there were only 5 other couples in there... and its just a plate of deep fried goodies. I think that should have taken 10 mins.The egg rolls were probably the best. The wontons needed more filling, I pretty much ate deep fried wonton skins. The fish cakes were good but overwhelmingly seasoned with lemongrass. It was almost too much to eat. The chicken satay were alright, a bit dry from the grill. The Thai Toast is battered tofu and deep fried, of course... would have been better if I had some maple syrup. It was deep fried beyond recognition.The pad thai noodles were mush. The noodles were overcooked and just stuck together in a huge ball and was hard to separate. And while I wanted to taste it, I honestly believe Thai ESan cooks season all their dishes with a huge heap of chili powder. Every part of the noodle was covered in the chili powder. I'm actually still flossing out chili flakes from my teeth. It was too hot to even enjoy.The red curry was good. I liked the coconut flavor and fresh basil. Never had curry with green beans and bamboo shoots before but it was good. Also another dish with a generous heap of chili powder added to it. I couldn't have anymore because my lips were on fire. I know Thai food is spicy but damn... let me taste the other flavors too. All I tasted was HOT. I couldn't finish the curry or the noodles. I thought Thai ESan would convince me that Thai food was amazing again but it was too hot to handle.. and not in a good way either.
3	I hope it was just a night of bad experience in service.  I was there for a birthday dinner last year.  There were tables, but disappearing quicker due to no service. There were only one waitress and one chef doing all the work.  Entrees served one hour later.  Appetizers came at the same time as the entrees.  The foods were delicious after an hour wait.   Price: AverageFood: ExcellentService: Horrible, hope it was just that night! Must try: Thai fish cake, Satay, Tom Yum Soup, Thai tea, Sticky rice, Pineapple fried rice, Thai tea & Curries.
3	In the death throes of Big Wong the place had really  fallen apart. I was glad to see that the new owner had revamped the place. Nice decor...TABLES OF BIBLICAL PROPORTIONS. These tables are not only something that you'd expect to find at the top of a beanstalk, but I think archeologists will have a big find in a few thousand years (sturdy). The walls have been tastefully painted. The ceiling has been restored to it's 1970's, stick your pencil into, glory.Food: Hot. Great gobs of hotness. They give you a scale of hotness (I love thai people) of 1-5. I hesitantly ordered my Spicy Noodles at a level 4. My wife ordered her pad thai at a level two. My dish came out at a perfect heat for me. The noodles could have been a little less done. I couldn't taste the spice at all, but my wife still enjoyed it. All in all, I'll probably be back.
5	My family is from Northern part of Thailand, therefore I was happy just by that AND they have STICKY RICE!  And I've been to many Thai restaurants around town, and I judge them by how the prepare Thai Steak Salad..THE BEST IN TOWN!!!  Of course with Sticky rice!  Yes, the service can be slow at times, but it's authentic people, and home made! Its not supposed to be a buffet or quick service, enjoy the food....enjoy the friends and family you're dining with....huge tables-it's awesome....enjoy the experience, enjoy the fact it's not a chain restaurant, or made by American standards, it's Thai..spicy and uber tasty hotness..... enjoy the fact it's in central Phoenix!!!
4	I'm going to let you in on a little secret: I am an absolute weenie when it comes to trying new places with foods I've never heard of before!  It's true.  Yes I have managed to review over 400 places before ever trying Thai food.  Weird, right?  Anyway, my New Year's Resolution this year was to be more adventurous when it came to dining, and I am determined to embrace that resolution.  I'm doing really well so far, I mean, I ate Thai food!As we were walking in, I started freaking out a little bit, because when I get scared of food, I order something really lame, and then I get really grumpy.  I kept telling myself that this was just a different version of Chinese food, which I love.  Once we got inside, I had to stifle the laughter upon seeing the epic tables.  Each one could literally seat 10 people.  They don't have anything smaller.  Seriously.  Anyway, we sat down and were kind of ignored for a while, got menus, got ignored, got drinks, ordered, got ignored, got food, ignored again, paid, then left.  You get the idea here?  The service is pretty horrendous.  I didn't know what to order, and I found myself gravitating towards familiar things.  I told myself that ordering familiar would be pointless, so I went with Beef Pad See Yew.  I was definitely avoiding the spicy after seeing the table next to us sweating and crying after eating some soup that was a level 3.  Sheesh!  Once my dish (beef, broccoli, fat rice noodles, and bean sprouts) came out, I pretty much devoured what I could.  the portions were huge, and I ate about half.  It was really good!  I still don't know what I think of Thai food, but I did eat the leftovers the next day and still enjoyed them.I probably won't come back here to dine in just because the service is a little much to handle, but it could be really fun with a big group.  I think take out would be the way to go.
2	So San-E-Tize (as I like to call it) has been staring at me every time I go to F&E and I finally convinced my wife to try Thai food.  We went over here on a Saturday night and I was totally excited for a new place.  But then the bad service started.  We were seated, then ignored, then we got drinks, and were ignored again.  Then we were asked if we were ready to order (which we were) and then ignored again.  This was getting a little old.I finally ordered a Sweet Basil something with chicken.  It was a runny mess that was lacking in meat.  It needed noodles or rice or something to thicken the dish up.  It really just wasn't very good.I ordered it with a #4 spicy level and it was about there (maybe a 2 or 3 in my book).  I don't know if the 6 is insane or not but I don't know who would be willing to ruin their meal just to try and find out.In the end, I wasn't really impressed.  The large tables are just comical, the service is sub-par, and the food was just blah.  I posted a picture of my meal just for reference.  I might go back and try something with rice next time but this was just not what I wanted.
3	We got take-out and they were very short-handed. It was very busy on  a Sat night and they only had two servers that also doubled as a hostess. What was supposed to take 20 minutes to get our food took 35 minutes. We also had to return the food because what was supposed to be a #1 spicy was actually more like a #3. My husband, who loves spicy, couldn't even eat what was supposed to be the most mild. When I went back (after first calling them 15 minutes before to notify them I was coming in), I waited in the lobby for 10 minutes before being acknowledged. The lady responded that they were busy and seemed inconvenienced by me. I was the one who had to drive back and get my meal remade! I was very disappointed at the response and reluctance to fix the issue. The remake of the Beef Salad was slightly less spicy but at least we could eat it. I really enjoyed the entree but having my food wrong the first time and the bad customer service ruined the experience. We also had the fried appetizer sampler that was just okay. My husband goes there very frequently and loves this place. The portions are very large and prices very reasonable. I will go back and hopefully, this one experience was an isolated one.
4	Went here with a friend from Bangkok and we had a lovely dinner.  I highly recommend the green papaya salad, the spicy catfish, and the pad thai.  They now have a liquor license, so you can cool your mouth with a beer or glass of wine :)
5	Now that we have eaten here several more times, I realized the 4 stars does not do this place justice.  Really excellent food.
1	An absolute disaster of an experience tonight -- our server basically completely ignored us, our food took more than 45 minutes to arrive at our table, and by the time it did, I had forgotten what we'd ordered. While I try to be a decent tipper, this was the first time in a long time when I didn't feel any remorse about leaving no tip.The catfish that was served was slathered in sauce to the point where I didn't recognize what it was. The seafood stir-fry something or other was decent, as was the something-or-other soup, but by the time it was finally brought out, I didn't even care. I just wanted to leave because I had been waiting so long.The only redeeming factor was one of the servers/hosts comping us a beer and a Thai tea because of the delay in getting our food. Otherwise this would have been a zero-star review.Thai E-San may have decent food, but they need to learn how to handle a semi-busy night. This was an utter and complete FAIL as a dining experience. They need to learn how to better operate their kitchen and deliver the dishes ordered in a timely manner. Few foods are worth waiting for as long as we did.Until they get their act figured out, I recommend going somewhere else for Thai food.
2	Twas'  a Friday evening and I worked way too late, so  I decided to pick something up to go at a relatively new Thai  restaurant close to where I live. Thai E-San doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you walk inside - you are transported to a different world.  Although I have never been to Thailand, I could only imagine that this is the kind of restaurant one might find there.  Beautiful tapestries, huge granite- inlay  tables  and an ambiance that transports you to a different place and time.For a Friday night at 7p.m. it wasn't that busy - only three other tables- two of which were single guys.  So I ordered the Pad Thai Noodles with shrimp only , and was offered a seat while I waited.  The only server  working asked me if I would like water or tea and since I thought that it would only be a few minutes,  I politely thanked her but declined.45 minutes later......... I finally had my to-go  order.  But please , let me digress.......After 20 minutes of waiting  I got up and stood in front of the reception counter and looked into the kitchen.  There were only two persons working in the kitchen; I assumed one to be the cook and a prep cook. I had asked the only server who was running ragged ( mostly to the kitchen asking (in Thai?? ) where the food was).  She told me the cooks were from Thailand.   It looked like a Laurel and Hardy comedy back there.   The (prep cook?) kept wringing her hands and pulling her hair  and dropping things.  The cook (I assume) kept yelling at the poor woman (no wonder she was discombobulated). Ok . let's talk about the food.   My Pad Thai was ok.  I had asked for a side of the chili sauce (which they forgot to add) as  I like my food spicy.  These were really mild.  Also , the noodles were gummy and stuck together.  I was wondering if they overcooked the noodles in their confusion to get the other diners food out (which, I observed also took way too much time) .I have read some rave reviews about this place.  So I do want to give it another try before giving my final decision. I am willing to forego some hiccups with service and food as I appreciate the fact that this is an authentic restaurant with immigrants from Thailand, and that it may take some time to get their act together to  provide consistency in service and food.  I really do want them to succeed.  I'll try again next month so as to give them some time to get their act together.  Hopefully, I'll have a better review next time.        Chow for now :-)
5	Hey! Thai E-San, I'm back.I just went to Thai E-San last Sunday. It was busy day! I ordered appetizer #angel wings to start with. Then TOm Yum soup came right after angel wings, it took us 15-20 min to finish those soup and appetizer. The meal came a little late BUT the taste was so GOOD. My spicy eggplant was little too hot, but don't worry I love it! I'm not a big fan of noodle dish but my mom ordered Rad Nah noodle with gravy sauce. That dish was surprise me! I think I like noodle from now on. We would love to try mango sticky rice for dessert BUT we were so full , maybe next time. The food portion was so big, finally we finished it all, and have a very great evening!!! Thank you Thai E-San, I will be back soon.
4	It was lunch time on a Sunday afternoon and I was craving Thai. I pulled up the Yelp app on my iphone and started searching. The first place I went to wasn't actually where Yelp said it was. Strike one. The second place I went to wasn't open. Either they were closed on Sundays or only for dinner. Strike two. The third and final location I was going to try was Thai E-San. The building was where Yelp said it was and they were open. Third times the charm. Pretty good sized menu. Lots of seafood options. Nice list of appetizers. Full bar. And really spicy dishes. Score! When ever I try a new Thai place I almost always go with the Pad Thai. To me it's the dish to judge how all their other dishes will be and so far it has served me well. Their Pad Thai was no exception.I loved it, the son loved it. I would definitely go back.
5	This is my favorite place for Thai food. Their Royal Curry is incredible. The Thai Iced Tea is perfect. The rice is exactly how you want it. The Pad Thai is perfect. Everything i try i like. The people are really sweet that work there and I have always had great service. I've taken a lot of my friends to this place and they ALWAYS like it and want to go back. Give it a try!
4	I was there on a Friday night.  We had 10 people in our group.  They had more employees this time and I am glad.  The food is good and we did not have to wait a hour for food.  The service could be better, had to ask for refills and someone to take our order.  We ordered:Appetizers:  Angel wings and #10 combo appetizers (chicken stay, chicken egg rolls, fried wontons, Thai toast, and fish patties) All of the appetizers were GOOD!  Entrees:  2 BBQ chickens; green curry with beef; 2 tom guy soups; pork fried rice, pineapple fried rice, pad saw yee noodles, pad thai noodles, and green beans with pork. The BBQ chickens were good but dry (need to apply the sweet chili sauce). The tom guy soup were mild (but my mouth was on FIRE). Everything else was GOOD!!Everyone took a leftovers for lunch!
5	Ok yelpers...let's get one thing straight here. As far as FOOD is concerned, Thai E-San definitely has some of the best out there. My roommate is Thai and this is one of the only places she hits up on a regular basis. Food: AMAZEBALLS! All of their servings and portions are SUPER HUGE. The Spring Rolls are the size of cucumbers and only $3 for two of them. The Chicken Satay was also tasty with 6 skewers for about $8. Between the two of us, I think we've ordered about 1/2 of the menu, but I really enjoy their fried rice, pad thai, the stir-frys and the chicken curry. As a BIG fan of spicy food, I love how I can control the level of hotness for EACH plate. You can rank them from a 1-5, and the 5 is quite spicy and YUMMERS!Service: YES....YOU WILL HAVE TO WAIT!! The food is prepared TO ORDER and unfortunately, the owners don't trust anyone else to make the food, so there's only ONE COOK!! I've never gone on a super busy night (because I KNOW better) so the longest I've ever waited was about 30 minutes, but since the food is SOOOO good I don't mind. The waitresses are really nice, but if you want assistance, don't be afraid to flag them down. They're happy to help.
3	I have attended a B-day dinner with J on a Friday night.  This time around was better.  At least, we got our foods a lot quicker.  The appetizers were good combo.  The fish patties were the best.  I had ordered the BBQ chicken since last time they were out.  The chicken was too dried and salty for me.  I have better BBQ chickens at other Thai places.  As for the service, they still need work on it.  At first the waitress attended to our large group, but when it was time to pay, somehow she seems not to like us.  Maybe, it was the coupon I gave her for the wine after the bill came.  I showed her the coupon before ordering so she knows to discount the bill.  Of course, she forgets to discount it.  It took at least 15 to 20 minutes for them to recalculate the bill for us.  The kiddies were getting a little loud.  I had the feeling that they wanted to kick us out.  When we walked out, there was no Thank you or Goodbye.  I'm still a fan of food not the service. I am dropping a star for their service.
4	I came for the Thai Issan food which is heavily influenced by Issan culture and not as much by the Siamese which is the typical style of ubiqitous Thai restaurants . The history is a different story. It's about the Issan food; generally not supposed to be spicy, oily or colored but looked homemade, can eat with your hand without feeling primitive and satisfying.My party ordered 5 plates to share. They arrived in about 15 minutes. The Pad Thai was right on in terms of flavor, soft texture and not colored. One saucy dish had some flavoring issue which could be fix by the cook tasting it before it leaves the kitchen. The other dishes were fine. The portions were right on and ingredients looked and taste natural. This is not processed fast food but 1 to 2.0 step above it as it takes a skilled and versatile cook to prepare and make. The dish prices are a few bucks more than typical Thai food but the taste here is commensurate with the price. When we arrive, we saw 2 women waitering there. I didn't experience the 7 minute followup rule and we had to call to get refills. The service could use some improving but I think it will take some time and effort from the Asian staff to get up to speed in American style of service. I thought it was noteworthy that they ask how I wanted to vary the spicyness of my particular dish. The store is smartly located near downtown and easy to access. The bland outside of the store does not match the inside. You will find granite table and a nice interior decor that is not too touristy. The inside decor raises the expectation that the food would be good and this place succeeds in that aspect.I would recommend this as a place to bring others with me for Isan food. The place just need to institute more American style customer service efficiency and attentiveness, then it matches the quality of the food and make this place a great place to stop by when you're in Phoenix.
3	My first Thai E-San experience was just funny.  Shortly after they opened, I went in for take-out.  There were all these menu possibilities (e.g., fish in noodles, etc...) that I had never seen before.  So, adventurous me decides: Must order.  Well, this inspires lots of interesting looks .... and finally (ions later) the food comes out and they say "well, we never really made that dish with fish ... It might not be good... if not, return it..."  (No, they didn't think to say something before they prepared the food...)  I go home and find myself separating the fish from the rest of the dish and eating the two dishes. So, after that ... long Thai E-San haitis...Find myself back there.  This time I ordered pad thai, figuring that they must have prepared pad thai.  The wait was shorter.  The pad thai came and the first thing that I realized was holding the pad thai package was like weightlifting... Yes, there was just that much food!  The food was good.  It was fresh.  But, seriously, it could feed a military.  The military of a small country, but a military. My big complaint (after the fact that their portions are HUGE) was a massive lack of heat.  Next time I will ask for uber-spicy...
4	coming from toronto, where there is an abundance of amazing and authentic thai cuisine - and having visited thailand twice - i have to admit that i am a little picky when it comes to thai restaurants.thai e-san is the first thai restaurant i have been to in the valley that has really impressed me.  the flavors are incredible - fresh, bold, authentic!  the menu is unique & diverse, the portion sizes are generous and the staff is friendly.  oh and when you say "spicy" it actually MEANS "spicy!"
3	I felt a little like Honey I Shrunk The Customer sitting in those large chairs at these massive granite and wood tables. Community tables are so risky as most people do not like them. I, on the other hand, enjoy them. We were seated at one end and then joined soon after by a very nice couple. We bantered back and forth a bit and he realized he knew me from my restaurant. Love that!So, as I said above we were seated. And then waited. And waited. And. Waited. Some. More. Eventually waters were dropped but no beverage order was taken. Again, waiting. Cue the Jeopardy theme music. Finally one of the two servers came by (and in all honesty, they were pretty busy) and dropped off soups, which come with the $6.49 lunch special. Yummy! I ordered tofu fried rice and Rickie had sweet and sour pork. Mine was fantastic, though sadly they neglected to include my spring roll. I would have flagged someone down but I was consumed with worry over my table mate's missing food. They served her friend's food yet hers took at least 10 minutes. Strange. Rickie wasn't pleased with his dish as it was pretty teeny tiny!Two lunch specials. Two beverages for $18. Not bad. Oh. The decor is so Thai...bright green and gold speckled walls with beautiful Thai rugs. And. Then. For some odd Asian reason...like at China Chili random pieces of scrap paper taped to the walls saying "Dessert. Mango Sticky Rice".With a little gay spray I could bump this baby up a star!
4	I'd love to write about each of what seems to be an onslaught of Thai restaurants opening in the Valley, but many offer the same style of fare. However, a few serve more unique dishes in addition to the classics.Located on Indian School Road next to 3 Snaps Resale Shop, Thai E-San specializes in the regional cooking of northeastern Thailand, also known as the Issan or Esan region. It is difficult to clearly define Esan cooking since many of those native dishes, like papaya salad and larb, are common on many Thai menus. They are more about heat and sourness, as pretty much everything we tried here reflected that.I have noticed some commonalities among Thai restaurants, including gracious service. From the time we entered the large dining room until we left, the staff was polite and attentive, not to mention gorgeous. Thai women are stunning.Another similarity with many Thai restaurants is the sheer size of the menu. I have no idea how they can keep so many ingredients on hand to make so many dishes. If you don't mind some reading and ask lots of questions, you can learn a lot about food, cooking and, of course, eating.Starting with the Thai E-San Special Appetizer ($12.95) lands you in the middle of a massive amount of shareable treats. Brimming with crunchy Egg Rolls, tender peanut sauce laden Chicken Satay, Wontons and a sweet and spicy Cucumber Salad, there is enough for at least three bear-sized appetites. The portions are large, so sharing is a must, which is also very Esan.The Beef Salad ($8.95) is sliced char-grilled sirloin with chili, onion, lime juice, rice powder and fresh Thai herbs. It can be ordered with varied heat, from one, which is mild, to five, which is hot as it gets. I prefer ordering two or three, then add heat from the chile condiment jars. This dish was bold, with a nice sourness from the lime juice.I also was excited about the Thai E-San Sausage ($10.95). It's more of a grilled savory sausage than a fermented sour or sweet sausage, with tubes stuffed with ground pork, pork skin and Thai herbs with a heavy lime flavor. The snappy crunch of each bite led to textures of the pork skin and ground meat, tender with a chewy spring.I love Drunken Noodles, and Thai E-San's version was top notch. Also called Spicy Noodle with Basil ($8.95), there's a choice of meat or tofu that is stir fried with large wide noodles, chile, basil, bean sprouts, onions and bell peppers. Each tender noodle tastes like it was seasoned on its own with an explosion of flavor and spice.The massive pile of Pineapple Fried Rice ($12.95) is mixed with shrimp, chicken and juicy pieces of fresh pineapple and topped with cashew nuts. It's a sensual mix of sweet, sour and salty, appealing to most, if not all, of your senses.Thai E-San offers only a couple of desserts, Coconut Ice Cream ($3.50) and Sticky Rice with Mango ($4.95). The latter offered slices of sweet ripe mango atop hot and sticky rice bathed with warm coconut milk for a great finish.Thai E-San has almost 100 menu items, so there is plenty to keep me coming back.
3	I ordered friend noodles to take home. Some how the instructions wasn't clear or mis-interpreted about the level of chili in it. I was just excited to go home after a day of sweated heat in Phoenix.  I got home and the sauce looked lava red. I ate about a third of the dish, and I wish I didn't eat any. My lip was swelling and face sweating.  I drank down a coca cola bottle to control the convection going inside me.Some how, you need to check the level of pepper spice on these take home orders. I will give them another chance as this is just one dish (and not about pallet of dishes ), and to explain themselve, and I will be happy to update my rating. This is not an experience to be repeated.
4	the food here was very good! very fresh veggies and the fish and scallops were cooked wonderfully. light sauces and lots of flavor in all the dishes we tried. i'll definitely be going back to try more things!
4	This is probably one of the more authentic and best thai places I've been to since moving to AZ. It's almost as good as my favorite place back home. They give very generous portions and the prices are decent. We had egg rolls and fried tofu as appetizers. The tofu was the perfect crispness and the thai sweet chili sauce was sooo good (comes with peanuts, so if you have an allergy, don't forget to tell them to make it without). I had pad see ew with fried tofu and loved that they put chinese broccoli in it. That's how the place back home makes it. They also have regular broccoli too so its a nice mix. The noodles and sauce were really good and not at all overcooked. I also got pad thai to go (with chicken and shrimp) and it smells and looks really good. (I'm eating it for lunch tomorrow!) My friends got duck penang curry and chicken green curry with level 3 spicyness. They can eat spicy, but it was hitting them pretty hard tonight, so you might want to watch out for that. Overall I was very happy with the food! The neighborhood seems a bit sketchy at night and it's a bit far from where I live, but it's close to where we did yoga so that was convenient. There was one semi-creepy guy refilling our water, but that didn't bother me too much because I was starving and the food hit the spot tonight!
1	I thought the food was coming directly from Thailand, because of how long it took to get it.From the moment we entered things seemed a bit off. We were not welcomed, and after a awkward two minutes up front the hostess walked to the tables with some menus and we assumed to follow her.We got to our table and review the lunch menu, pretty much standard items. We waited some time before we put in our orders, we also hand to remind the waitress that we needed to order drinks.After a decent wait our soup came,   and then our waters.  The soup was decent and it was fun to spicy with the condiment tray on the table.We then waited, waited and waited,  47 minutes after we entered our food arrived, this does not work well for a lunch.My Druken Noodles were mushy and soft. (6.95 combo)  The Won-ton chips were quite stale and my meal did not even come with the egg roll that the menu indicated was included.Just a note if you decide to come here for some reason their spice scale is the same 1-5 but 3 is hotter than you usual 3.We then played the waiting game again to get some dogie bags and our bill which we just paid upfront.There are faster, and better options around that are worth the extra $1.
5	Delicious! Visited on a Sunday around 3pm with a friend and were the only 2 in the restaurant. Tried the pad thai and terriyaki chicken. Loved the huge portions, friendly staff, huge granite table and ethnic background music.
2	In an effort to be nice, let me just say this.  If you are going to try this place for the first time, try not to get your order to-go. This way you can make adjustments and hopefully get your food to have some flavor. I guess I should have known something was amiss when the order was called in and nobody asked how spicy to prepare the dishes.  The pad thai was mushy and bland.  The thai style chow mein had more firmness in the noodles, but still required extra soy sauce.  I will give some credit to the egg rolls that were pretty decent and not overly deep friend.
3	Great food, interesting service. I always go and never leave wanting more. I end up full but wish that the decor was better. It looks like Thailand threw up on it. Good food, support a local business.
4	Real Thai Food. Great  drunken noodle. Prices are very reasonable. It's not a "fancy" or trendy looking place, but if you're looking for very good food at an affordable price, look no further.
4	Mom and Pop place that is delicious.  A fan of their drunken noodles.  They will ask you hot spicy you want your curries.  If you brave good for the spice, you can always quence your thirst with a Thai tea.  The Satays are delicious and the portions of all meals are plentiful.  I usually have enough for anotehr meal.  The decor is nice but they do have these oddly large tables.  Go with a big group and order lots!  They also have lunch specials which are really reasonable.
1	This place is a farce and a travesty...  as are all over priced banquet style Thai places that place a premium on marketability at the expense of food taste and quality.  It's the sort of place that fat English guys wanting to recreate their holiday in Pattaya or Koh Samui would go.   Again, I go back to my rule about ethnic restaurants - the less people of that ethnicity you see patronizing the place the less likely you are to get a great meal.  Although they do serve authentic Isan food on their menu - they recreate it unfaithfully and only in shades of what you really get in Thailand.  Isan, is a poorer, ethnic minority in Northeastern Thailand that is significantly influenced by Laos.  True Isan food is amazing - usually eaten with hand fulls of sticky rice - larb (ground meat, mint, and lime) , som tum (papaya salad), gai yang (grilled chicken), and sai krok isan (isan sausage). Any restaurant claiming to be the standard bearer of Isan food, should serve these dishes with mastery.  Thai E-San does offer them, albeit at a ridiculous premium, but does so disappointingly.  It is sad to see such a great regional cuisine get such a terrible representative here in Phoenix.  Save your money and go elsewhere... unless you are an English tourist in need of nostalgia... in which case, proceed with my blessing!
4	I have been hearing about this place for a while and finally decided to give a try.  Very cozy and warm environment.. The staff were very nice and accommodating. They do serve a bowl of rice soup with chicken at the beginning of all courses, had a good flavor and reminded me of a Chinese soup, "chow"I tried the yellow curry, with deep fried tofu, the curry has unbelievable flavor indicating it's been prepared well.  I would like smaller chunks of tofu.  The only problem was that the potatoes were not cooked thoroughly..I hate hard/half cooked vegetables.I also tried the coconut soup, which hands one of the best one I have tried... I did ask for Thai hot.. which was borderline spicy.Overall I recommend this place, one of the more authentic Thai restaurant in the valley and the location.
1	Not good. We order many dishes and the only one that was somewhat authentic was the red curry. But even that was not great. The duck dish was terrible, even the pad thai was not good--the noodles were way overcooked as was the chicken. Would not go back again.
3	This is a really nice looking place and the decor is really pretty. I would say there food is really good, but can be hit and miss as times. There a little over priced for there meals but there BBQ Thai Pork ribs are really good. Overall it's a great place to go.
4	Yummy food, reasonable prices....need I say more?
4	Just had this for lunch with some coworkers, I had the Royal Thai Curry lunch special and it was absolutely delicious.  The soup that came with my meal I believe was the Silver Noodle and it was great with the cilantro!  Great prices and delicious curry, will definitely eat here again, next time I'm trying that Pineapple Fried Rice...yum!
2	After a recent "ugh" experience at wild thaiger, I thought I'd try something different today while in the area.Man, this place is just not good.  2-stars only because I unfortunately have had worse thai in this town.For what it's worth I had pad thai, and it was horrible.  Soup was ok, and staff was adequate.   Other than that, my search for a good, or at least passable thai restaurant will have to continue......
4	So I've tried a lot of thai restaurants in phoenix, ever since I moved here a couple of years ago and this is by far one of the best I have tried in the area. Regardless of service, I come for the food which has never let me down. The cost is reasonable, the food is always on par and I have yet to have any real issue with the service. You can't go wrong if you choose to try one of the curry or rice dishes.
3	Great place has really big tables but good food . Curry beef the best . Been there more than once !
5	All I can say is YUMMY! Yesterday I went to lunch with a friend at Thai E-San. I got the Pad Thai noodle lunch special. All the lunch specials come with a soup of the day and egg roll for a great price. The soup had tofu and cabbage. I'm not a big fan of tofu, but the flavor was really good! It was sweet, sour and spicey and I didn't mind the tofu at all! I got the pad thai noodles "medium" spicey.... wooohooo, the medium spicey cleared my sinuses! It was on the little spicey side for me, but flavorful enough for me to keep taking another bite! The meal ended with a few slices of watermelon, which was perfect to cool my lips and mouth with. I can't wait to go try another dish. The food, service and value will make me come back!
4	Probably the best Thai restaurant that I've found in Phoenix.  The food is excellent for a reasonable price.  I have brought a few friends here that like Thai food, and everyone else seems to enjoy it, also.At the restaurant, you can pick your dish, and add your choice of meat/fish/etc.  My favorite dish is the spicy sweet basil with scallops.  Also, I highly recommend their soups.  I have never tried something here that wasn't delicious.  One word of warning, the food can be extremely spicy so if you are sensitive to spicy food, make sure you order accordingly.  This restaurant is highly recommended.
4	The best Thai food I have had in Phoenix. We read all the bad reviews on here before I went- but was desperate for Thai food later in the evening so we still decided to go. We were pleasantly surprised! It is better than Thai Elephant and Thai Basil. Definitely more authentic and more flavorful. We are picky and eat out frequently- so it's saying a lot that we loved this place.We tried the hot and sour soup with beef, the silver noodle soup, and the drunken noodles. The drunken noodles were literally the best either of us had ever had. My soup was probably one of the best I've had (hot and sour) with WAY more flavor than most places. My boyfriend said his silver noodle soup reminded him of an authentic dish his filipino mother used to make. Also, the staff was super friendly in that we-are-all-family-and-we-welcome-you-with-open-arms kind of way. The lady at the front was also hilarious. She and our waiter checked on us several times and were very good about explaining the dishes. Last- the Thai iced was great and the place was beautiful.Yes- the tables are rather large and a bit awkward, but it was no big deal. Also, the food did take awhile but this is a small shop with authentic recipes that were well worth the wait. We will be back!
2	So the owner/management has changed so not my first place to drive a long distance to!
5	perfect early Thai dinner.... spicy Musscles ...  Tad Pad with Shrimp and Chicken , perfect fit for a early dinner., no RUSH crowd here if you arrive a week night early dinner    Good food, great price !
4	Went here for lunch Sunday and had red curry. The curry was very good. They have a 1-5 spicy scale to tell them how hot you want your food. I went for 3 since I had not tried their food before and am cautious of Thai opinions on spicy. Next time I will try 4 since it was not as spicy at that level as some other places I frequent. Service was very attentive and friendly. The restaurant was busy but we got a table quickly and several people came over during the meal to ask if everything was good. I will definitely be back when I'm in the neighborhood.
1	the bad part on travelling is: have to keep on looking for a great food.this place isn't authentic enough to be called thai food.
5	The first time i came here was when they first opened. So i thought i would give it another try. As i was craving Thai food.     I hoped they were still open as most places close @2:30 pm.    Yes they were open and they serve lunch specials till 3:00pm/ Wonderful!  Guess what else???? They do not close after lunch and reopen for dinner. They just stay open.                                                                                 You know when you want food, but cannot go until 3, but nothing is open till 5:00. No worries here they are open all day!                                                                  When i came in at 2:30 i was the only one there,though more people came in later. It smelled wonderful and i was greeted and sat immediately.   My waiter Julio was adorable and sweet. He brought me some lovely hot green tea in a half glass Tea pot. It was delish!  The decor is very nice with a lot of sparkle. Slight Christmas decorations tasteful and not over done. Bathrooms were nice and clean as well.                         For food, I got the yellow curry with Shrimp. First he brought out the soup that came with  it. Wonderful chicken and rice soup. It was so good.                                          Spice taste is 1 through 5, i ordered a 3.  The rice was fluffy and not all stuck together as some places have. The curry dish was incredible, it also came with an egg roll and some fried chips. Even the egg roll was good with fresh veg inside.  I am so happy i went there. I can't wait to go back. After you have finished your meal, they bring you some fresh cut watermelon.  Just enough to clean your palette.     This is the place to be!!
4	Red curry and Tom yum rock. Level five heat will make you sweat. The owners are always extremely friendly. What more can you ask for? Our favorite Thai in town by a good margin. 15% off at happy hour for the holidays too!
4	Great food and great service.  We had their lemongrass soup, fish cake, BBQ chicken, pai Thai,  pineapple fried rice and curry beef.  All was so great, hot and tasty.  I will def go back again.
4	You can't go wrong with any of the food options here. It's all FANTASTIC!! It can be a little pricey but worth it.
4	I don't often make it to this part of town, but now that I've tried Thai E-San, that just might change.  Friendly staff, great food, and a calming atmosphere give this restaurant an A in my book.Myself and two other friends enjoyed a few dishes, as we were told most were meant to be shared.  What was selected: Lemon Grass soup with Chicken, Fish, and Squid; Yellow Chicken Curry; and Chicken Pad Thai.The Lemon Grass soup was just what was expected, deliciously tangy with some nice heat.  Tender fish, chicken, and squid was portioned liberally and melted in my mouth.  The Yellow Chicken Curry and Pad Thai were pretty standard, though definitely not a disappointment.Everything was excellent, though I have a feeling if it wasn't, the chef would have corrected it for us.  She was very helpful, even came out to make sure everything was to our standard.I will be back.
4	I am not sure what took me so long to write a review but this review is based on over two dozen meals at Thai E-San. I love this place. I have to admit, I usually order to go but I have eaten in as well. The people are absolutely wonderful and the service is just right. I have never had dinner here only lunch. It is perfect for lunch with their amazing lunch specials. The curries are my favorite thing but the Pad Thai is great as well. The portions are large. My only complaint would be about the restaurant. It is not bad but doesn't have much ambiance. The food makes up for it though.
4	Love the Tom Yum soup.
4	Great prices for tasty food. Portion size a bit small but still very good overall.
4	Easily my favorite Thai restaurant.   Every time I have been there, the staff is friendly and welcoming.   They will prepare your dish as spicy as you want, I enjoy really spicy food and they do a great job accommodating my request.  I usually either get shrimp or scallops with my dish, and they always are fresh and high quality.   I did not have an issue with the portion size.   I had plenty of food on my plate and left satisfied.   The food has a very clean taste and does not leave you feeling too full and uncomfortable.   I will definitely continue going here and will recommend it to anyone looking for a good Thai restaurant in central phoenix area.
4	I am lucky enough to live very near by this thai place.  We have it almost weekly when I refuse to cook.  We have tried the yellow curry, pad thai, thai toast, and the Pa-Naeng Curry.  I have yet to be disappointed.  The prices are good, the portions are large (I Always share a meal with my husband and then have lunch the next day)  and the staff is very friendly.
3	Ok prices, Ok food. I would rather go to Thai Basil. The portions don't match the price, in my opinion.
2	Sunday, August 12th:  all I want is some Pnang Chicken.  In any Thai restaurant, it's a standard curry.  I've reviewed the other place that jerked me around with how hot is hot..so I'm trying new spots.This place?  My order? Mostly sauce, not enough chicken.  The flavor was ok, but that's all: ok.You go.  I'll keep looking.
5	I love Thai. It is usually gluten-free, and can easily be made vegetarian. They finally got smaller tables and are more comfortable!The owners are always incredibly nice and love to make sure we enjoy our meals! Thai E-San has superseded ThaiRama as our favorite thai restaurant. Everything is delicious, and they are very accommodating to your needs!
5	I love this place! It is perfectly located for my needs, the staff is always friendly and the food is fantastic. It is super easy to order anything vegan or gluten-free and where I have had trouble communicating the level of spice I want at other Thai places, that is never an issue for me here. Their Coconut Soup with Tofu and the Mas-Sa-Mun Curry with Tofu are my favorite.
5	Great food. Beautiful atmosphere. Friendly staff. We will definitely be going again.
5	Best curry in town and when I ask for added veggies, they add a wonderful assortment not just bell peppers. Service is always good and most is gluten free.
4	all the naysayers seem have a bone to pick, the service here is incredible and the food is better.  vegan options as well and staff that helps make sure your order has no egg or fish sauce.  if your looking for thai, this is the best place in the valley we have been to, and being vegan, we have been to too many to count
5	The most authentic Thai restaurant in the valley. Very clean. Great customer service. Prompt with menu, re-filling of the water, food etc etc.
5	I've been to several Thai restaurants in the valley and this one is my favorite. Great food with great service!
5	This is one of my favorite spots for Thai! The service and staff are always stellar. I love the spicy fish and coconut soup. The papya salad is something everyone needs to try at least once.
4	This restaurant does not look like much from the outside, but inside was a whole different story.  Very clean and neat.  Comfortable seating and TV's if you want to catch a game.  Some of the best Thai I've had.  Red curry was excellent!  Pricing was very reasonable for the quality of the food.  They have a limited beverage selection with only serving cans and bottles.
5	Its 9:15 on a Saturday night in downtown Phoenix and the boyfriend and I are hungry.  Thai food sounds good but one of my biggest issues with Phoenix restaurants is that they close too early.  You are lucky if you can find anything opened past 9pm.  I think I remember that Thai E-San is opened until 10:30 but I am not sure why I think that.  I have never been to this restaurant but I hear good things and have wanted to check it out for a long time.  We get to the restaurant and check the hours. They close at 9:30.  I hate getting a table at the last minute as I don't want to hold up the staff that have been there all day long and know that they want to go home.  I turn around to get back in my car when a nice lady comes out and asks us to come in.  Well, with that warm welcome, how can I refuse?  We get seated in a comfortable window booth and look at the menu.  It is big with the usual menu items that one would expect at a Thai restaurant.  We start with Thai iced tea ($1.99) the perfect drink for a hot Phoenix evening.  We then ordered the chicken Satay ($9.50) Seemed high priced until the dish arrived.  7 large servings of grilled chicken breast perfectly grilled, served with cucumber salad and peanut sauce.  For our main dishes we both were in the mood for curry.  We tried both the Royal Curry, yellow curry in coconut milk, potato, onion and carrot (9.95) and the salmon green curry, coconut milk, bamboo shoot, green beans, Thai eggplant and Thai herbs ($14.95)  Both servings were Tasty, although too large for us to finish but that did not stop us from ordering the Sticky Rice with Mango ($4.95) The service was exceptional as the staff treated us like family.  One warning, if you do not like your dishes spicy, do not order past a one star.
5	Well this place has everything I could ask for.. I would say it is the most "authentic" Thai I have found in Arizona.  When I order "Thai hot"  at other restaurants I am left disappointed. Here, my eyes water. That's what I'm talking about! They have quick service and it is family run. The owner's daughters are both vegetarian so she is quick to accommodate and also recommend dishes you might not even see on the menu. She is always there and will come and greet you every time you visit. My personal favorite here is the massaman curry.. The best in town without a doubt. They also serve amazing thom yum soup.. And it literally comes out on fire.. Well, there is a circle of fire around the soup bowl. Semantics. This place has recently undergone a facelift. They used to have very over the top dining furniture which limited seating. They have since streamlined and added new booths. There is also a large flat screen usually featuring sports and they now offer wifi. The last thing I really appreciate about this place is that they are open late!Hands down my go to place for Thai. I tell everyone and bring everyone then repeat.
4	A friend and I were meeting up for lunch and the original plan was to go to a different Thai place we'd been to before.  Unfortunately that place didn't open until 5:00 and we met up at 3:00...fail.  Luckily I used my handy-dandy Yelp app to find other Thai places within a nearby radius and Thai E-San was the closest one and had a decent rating.It's definitely a pretty nondescript building but I figured that a lot of the time those are the hidden gems that most people don't give a chance to.  We walked in and someone was already waiting with menus (I'm assuming he saw us pull up through the windows) and took us to a table right away.  There was only one other group in the restaurant but it was a little late for normal lunch and early for dinner so I wasn't surprised.  It worked out nicely for us though as our waitress was able to check on us frequently and made sure our drinks were always full and we had everything we needed.The menu is HUUUUGE!!  There are at least 70+ items to choose from so it's a little overwhelming at first and if you're indecisive like me it's quite the task picking just one thing!  I ended up going with the Spicy Fried Rice with Basil with Beef as the meat.  I also ordered the Thai Egg Rolls.  My friend got something with Silver Noodles, I can't remember what it was listed as on the menu.  The egg rolls came out nice and hot and crispy, flavor was good and I love that they have the sweet and sour sauce in bottles on the table so you can apply it as you like.  The main dishes came out not to long after and portions were very generous.  I ate more than I probably should have because it was so good and it looked like I'd barely touched my plate.  Even my friend who is 6'8" couldn't finish his plate.  We both concluded that we were happy the other Thai place was closed as this one had a bigger selection and bigger portions so it seems like it was meant to be!
5	This place is a very well kept secret.  The owner and staff are wonderful.  Service is great.  Updated interior very inviting.  Best Pa-naeng and Drunken Noodles in the valley.  We love this place! The Drunken Noodles are so comforting in the cooler months.
4	Always good service, and good food.  I am a curry fan and they do it right.  Tons of flavor and just enough spice to add that dynamic, but not to overpower the dish.YUM!
5	Great customer service and delicious food.  Pui was very thorough and helpful when I ordered a large amount of food for our company meeting.  I think I found my new Thai restaurant.  Thank you and keep up the wonderful customer service.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Liz S. brought 14 of us Yelpies together for a great UYE here today.  This Buffet featured 19 items including two soups, salad, lots of different unlabeled but DELICIOUS hot dishes (spiced mild to medium), & little donut hole things for dessert.Dining room comfort and table service were excellent & we all had a great time, so it's 5 Stars for this newest Thai Buffet in the Valley!     :-))Weekend Lunch Buffet:  $9.50
5	Best Thai Food in Phoenix. Great Service, Great food. no gimmicks
5	The Mrs. and I went there today.  Had the lunch specials.  We knew about this place because it came up when I listed thai restaurants...highest rated, on Yelp.A group of people came out as we were going in and they raved to us about how good the food is.We found the raves to be no exageration!  We both had Pa Nang Curry: hers with chicken and mine with portk.  Very, very good.  We both had a 3 in "heatness" and while not that hot, it was a bit hotter than we would usually care for.  Maybe next time a "2".Wait staff were very good.  The woman at the cashiers table (Pui) was very friendly and put us at home.
4	My hubby and I went to the UYE set up by Liz S. last Sunday.  We had a really great time.  The buffet was very good.  I am a fan of yellow curry.  I wish it was not Tofu, though.  I had a taste of everything.  The only thing I skipped was the donut hole thingys.  I am being adventurous with beers also, so I asked them to suggest one, I had the Chang.  It was perfect with my meal.  This is such a reasonable place, you can enjoy your meal, watch the game, yes, they had the game on tv, have a beer and relax.  The buffet was only $9.50.  Thanks Liz, for setting this up, we got to experience a great place.
5	I love this place. The food is good and the service is better. We visited a few weeks ago and had the pad thai. You can't go wrong with that. Tofu dishes are good as well, but nothing is better than the lemon grass soup. Yum.
5	4 stars for food.  5 stars for Sunday brunch value and fun when we went with a dozen friends.  Love the yellow curry w potatoes.  Soup is terrific too.
5	This is my new favorite Thai place and not simply because it's near my home. It would be worth the drive. It is in a nondescript building (aren't most in Phoenix?) across from the Fresh & Easy at 7th Ave & Indian School. Inside it's very nice, including the large tables and throne-like chairs. The menu is extensive. Trying a variety of options and eating family-style, I can't remember the names of all the dishes except to say everything was good. Most especially, I can't quit thinking about the Thai ribs. I would swim in that sauce.
5	Great place with a beautiful atmosphere and great service. Try the silver noodle soup and follow it with some Pad Tai!
3	Not bad. Cute decor, friendly staff. I thought the pad thai with tofu was a bit sweet - I like pad thai a little spicier, and it was greasy. Portion size was fair. Red curry with tofu was also too sweet. Perhaps that's the personal taste/preference of the owners.I think my other staple Thai restaurants in Central Phoenix were closed for a holiday and Thai E-San was open, I wouldn't mind stopping in, but I don't think I'd make a special trip of it. However, if you like sweeter Thai dishes, Thai E-San might be a good way to go.
5	Small little snook but very clean, food is delicous with great service, think I just became a regular !
4	Our Thai food craze continues...We were searching for a place close to Lux and saw this place. It's in this shady little strip mall thing, if it even can be classified as a strip mall. I'll just call it that for now. Anyway, we walked in here and the place was cute. It had an old feel to it. It was pretty empty. There was one other Person in there besides us. I got something with beef. As I usually do. I love me some cow. And my friend got the sweet and sour chicken, of course. Everything was super tasty and delicious. Service was good. And prices were good. We left satisfied.
4	This small restaurant hidden away in Phoenix was recommended to me by a friend a few days ago. Low lighting and traditional decor made the place feel welcoming and family run. I came here with a few friends after visiting a museum and boy the food was pretty good. The menu selections are for the most part traditional Thai choices ranging from curries to steamed fish. For the appetizer, I decided to get the Fresh Spring Rolls and those were great, I wish that there was a bit more shrimp in it however. After that, I ordered the Royal Curry at a 3 out of 5 spiciness and that was really good. They nailed the balance of heat with the coconut milk based curry and while it was hot, it tasted great as well! The staff is friendly and I would recommend this place to people who want to taste a more traditional style of Thai curry.
5	Thai E-San has been an incredibly good experience every time that I've been there (20-30x).  The wait people and managers are efficient and helpful, you can get the food as mild of hot as you'd like.  My favorite is #51, Eggplant with garlic and vegetables.  I like it over the brown rice, it makes for a nice, chewy texture.They have good beer choices, as well as sake.  There are big tables for groups, so bring your friends!
5	My fav thai food restaurant! Fresh food and good service. The bathroom needs some TLC though.
4	I went to dinner with a friend here last night and it was my first time at this restaurant. The food was awesome. We had the fried egg rolls, pad thai, and yum neua. All were very good.The service was wonderful - the server did a great job and was very prompt. The manager even came over to say hello to us and ask how we liked our food.I will definitely be back. It's not easy to find good Thai in this city and this place is definitely a keeper!
2	Ate here last nite. Ordered Masaman curry with only vegetables, my friend ordered silver noodles with shrimp. My curry was not that good to heavy, and thick. vegetables were lacking not too many. And the few vegetables that were in the curry were diced up very thinly and overcooked. very disappointing. I ordered brown rice which costs $2. And the small bowl was not even full. less than half full. my friend said his silver noodles were just ok. vegetables were overcooked. and their were not much noodles. The manager or owner or both came over and sat at our table to ask us how we liked our food. I metioned about the vegetables and my friend metioned about the overcooked veggies. and She was very gracious and asked us to come back and to make a special  request as to how we want the food. That was refreshing and made us feel validated. Before we went to eat their we called to find out if they used MSG and the person on the phone said that "no they did not use MSG" so with that we decieded to go there to eat. I found out they do use MSG. As I woke up last nite with a splitting headache the type of headache I only get if I consume MSG. It sad because I wanted to give this place another try. however I don't think I will return they use MSG and that is poison and it makes me sick.
5	Want really good Thai food? THIS IS THE PLACE!This is the best I have found in the Valley.Everything on the menu is amazing (yes, I think I have frequented here so much I have tried everything on the menu)The staff is amazing as well, always make me feel welcome and at home.Just be sure to get here at least 15 minutes before they close.
2	The quality of their food is fine, but the value of the meal is weak. I felt that my Thai curry dish could have used more "meat" and vegetables since they added an extra dollar to the tab for the vegetables. We also ordered the vegetable dish in the brown sauce with shrimp for $12.95. The shrimp was good, but it just seems a bit pricey for a dish with just vegetables. I feel that I like Thai Rama (located on Camelback Rd) better for their value, service, and atmosphere.
5	Excellent food!!! I had the Phad Thai and coworker had the Thai Fried Rice, lunch portions were very generous and as I had already said it tasted very very good. Restaurant was very clean and owner and staff was very friendly. If you like Thai food it's a must to go...
3	The husband and I got take out from Thai E San on Saturday looking for some delicious Thai food. The food was alright, but nothing to write home about. We each got a different curry, I had the green curry (4 star spiciness) and the husband got the red curry with pineapple (5 star spiciness). The flavors on both were good but neither were spicy.... like at all. That was a huge disappointment. I will say that the portion was large and the price was reasonable. I don't think I'd be back as there are other Thai restaurants in the area that I like better.
5	One of the best Thai restaurants in Central Phoenix. Very Very Authentic. Pui, the owner is a very kind, caring and hospitable woman. Nice Decor. Do not judge the inside by the outside. Great menu. Great Prices
5	We just found this wonderful neighborhood place. Great food and warm, friendly service. We will be back soon!
5	I had the Siam seafood special and it is spectacular.
4	Food was delicious! Unfortunately, I woke up with a migraine the next morning which lasted allllll daaaaay looooong. Another yelper mentioned something about MSG. I decided to try Thai E-San anyway....hindsight is 20/20.This review is not because of the food or customer service, I'm just super sensitive to food additives.
4	I can admit when I'm wrong. Someone from Thai E-San responded to my previous yelp review informing me that MSG is not used in their food and to give them another try. Well, a couple of weeks ago I placed an order for pick up and did NOT have a headache the next morning. The reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because my order was wrong. I will continue to dine here, but when picking up an order I will open the bag and look inside.
4	This little place is in the hood and I finally got around to trying it today.  I'm a purist when it comes to Thai food...a good pad thai, a ton of peanut sauce, and some spring rolls are all it takes to make me happy. Luckily I was with a buddy who is a bit more adventurous than me...she had the recommended yellow curry and pronounced it delish!  We met the owner, who is a hoot, and thought the decor was very nice.  The food was great.I really appreciate the fact that the food meter goes from 1 to 5.  3 was just right for my meal and my buddy went big with 4.Now, how to get another star:  focus on better service.  The staff was good at keeping our drinks filled but forgot to bring things to the table.....this is a minor quibble for me but may be a dealbreaker for others.My noodles were also just a tad undercookedWe didn't have condiments at the tableAll of these little touches will add weight to your reputatiion!We both had leftovers to take home and the bill came to a whopping 28 bucks.  We left full and happy.Great food and good pricing?  Less than a mile from my house? Yes, please!  Can't wait to try it again :)
5	I came here for the first time today for a late lunch. The service was amazing! The staff was so sweet, friendly and so helpful and really took care of me. The food was extremely fresh and the portion sizes were fabulous! I got the fried tofu for an app and the grand salad for my entree. Usually I am disappointed after a salad entree because I am still hungry afterwards, but that was not the case here! The portion was filling. The inside is decorated VERY well and I loved the beautiful bowls the food was served in. Overall, amazing experience and I can't wait to come back! I will post photos.
5	Looks MUCH better inside than out.  Fast, delicious food at a great value.  Could have spent the day just enjoying the soup that came with the lunch special.
5	If you are near the Woodlea / Melrose area in Phoenix and are hungry...go here!  Great friendly service, great food, reasonable prices!  The coconut soup is fabulous, all of the curry dishes are fantastic, and the Thai E San sausage (listed with the salads) is really, really good!
4	Close to my house and had good pad thai. :)
5	This is a favorite restaurant of ours. We like authentic Asian food and after going here for a while we took a trip to Thailand, which we shared with the people at the restaurant, who are from Thailand. The food is quite good and plentiful, along with Thai beer (Chang beer, which means "elephant"). We enjoy talking to the owner while there as well. We have taken friends and family to this restaurant over the years.
4	This place is tasty! Had the chicken panang curry which was delicious.  Great lunch special, very attentive and super friendly staff.  You even get slices of watermelon at the end of your meal. The soup is delicious!
5	My favorite Thai food in the valley! The customer service is the best I've had by far! And the food is really good. I love Thai food, and being from Portland, Oregon where there are a few great places that measure up to the food I had while visiting Thailand, I feel I can give an accurate opinion on this cuisine. The E-San's cashier has even wooed by fiance into loving this place, which is nearly impossible. I usually get the red curry with tofu, my fiance has tried multiple noodle dishes, pad thai, and tom kha soup, and he has been pleased with every dish he's had. We have tried multiple Thai restaurants in the valley and have mostly been disappointed, so now we just stick to ordering here.
5	The food here is great. The service is fast and the owner is always here checking in. I come in pretty often and they remember what I order, even if I change it. I wouldn't go anywhere else now that I've been here!
4	Been here so many times and a review is overdue. But this review is based on my last visit. Every time we walked in the door we always greeted with this waiter (don't know his real name) we called him "Mongolian Beef" (inside joke). He's always friendly and we often joke with him. Most of the time I would start with Thai Iced Tea for drink and I did this time as well. Although I do think it is a little too sweet but it is pre-made so they can't adjust that. I love their Pineapple Fried Rice when they put the fried rice in the actual half cut emptied pineapple shell, but they don't do that anymore. So for this time I ordered a Pa-Naeng Curry (Malaysia) it has coconut milk, red chilli, & fresh Thai herbs. It tasted a lot better than it looked.
5	I've been ordering to-go from here for the past year! Absolutely delicious every single time, and the service is always wonderful. Always greeted by the friendliest staff/owners.  The coconut soup with chicken and spring rolls are my favorite! Can't wait to dine in when I have more time. Until then, I will keep placing my to-go orders!
3	I am surprised by their rating. I tried the restaurant recently and was disappointed with their service.  Their  spring rolls were greasy and the vegetables were soggy. Tried their green beans with red curry the dish was salty and the beans overcooked  ph at thai was also  overcooked . Disappointed
5	Great food, great staff and parking.  The prices were good and very reasonable.  Can't wait to come.back..
5	Come here during the week for Thai basil and pad Thai, get the tom ka it comes in a huge metal bowl with fire coming out the middle. Come here on the weekends for the buffet. It's huge, there are coconut curries, satay, spring rolls, and an awesome diversity of Thai dishes in varying degrees of spice.  I really miss being walking distance from this place.
5	Its a good thing that one of the most authentic Thai restaurants in the valley is right around the corner from us. We go here for lunch and for dinners. We have always had great service, fabulous food. Just can't go wrong no matter what you order..
5	Ab so lute ly delish..I luv Thai food.. I mean it's my very favorite..I've eaten at all the local Thai places.  But we only just found this one.We ordered the Thai cashew pork, chicken pa nang, and the pad Thai.. Along with Thai iced coffees..Excellent food, great friendly service.  Nice atmosphere.Average price per person with drink and appetizers is about $17.00..An absolute must try..
5	Best Thai food in central Phoenix, hands down.  If you are looking for tasty, authentic Thai food that is prepared with fresh ingredients rather than an Americanized version of Thai food, Thai E San is the place you want to go.  We dine in and ordered take out regularly and we are always pleased.  The food is consistent and the flavors are very authentic.  The restaurant staff are pleasant and very attentive. The portions are a good size and their prices are reasonable, especially considering the excellent quality of their food.  And as a vegetarian I have to say that they know how to cook tofu and don't skimp on it in their dishes. And the variety of options here for vegetarians is very good. The tofu satay is a must.  Their vegetarian Pad Thai and Massaman Curry are 2 of our favorite dishes.  Everything we've tried has been delicious!
4	Out of school and starving boyfriend and I headed to thai esan with high hopes and empty bellies. We eat thai basically daily and we happen to work at a really delicious one. When I saw the outside, I wasn't expecting much. The place looks pretty divey and you would easily miss it. Inside is way different!!! So much decoration! Really interesting to look at everything! The service was helpful although when my boyfriend ordered thai hot, she assumed he couldn't handle it and said she would give him a level lower hahaha. The food definitely wasn't spicy enough!! But everything was reaaaaallly great. Prices seemed to match the quality and portion we received. It's on the way home, we will definitely be back again!
3	Stopped in here for lunch as I'm a Thai junkie. The service was okay, not very friendly or personal and it was not very busy at the time.I ordered everything spicy, and when it can it had good flavor with a raging spice to it. Needless to say I worked up a decent sweat by the time I left. The restaurant is nice, the food came out fast and hot, and the price is great! They have a large menu selection for everyones palate.Good place to stop for lunch or dinner!
5	Came in since the reviews were so good and now I see why! Spring rolls = amazing!! BBQ Chicken = melt in your mouth! Pad See Yew = Fantastic! Massaman Curry = spicy but so so good! I'm kind of an expert in Thai restaurants and this is definitely one of the best Thai restaurants in Phoenix. Oh and super friendly staff! Helps when u tell them u saw them on yelp
4	Heat seekers, Thai E-San and Thai food in general knows how to serve up the heat!For Thai food, I always order a soup, some kind of noodle, Thai tea and dessert. So to start, I did share with my room mate for dinner so let that be known before I am deemed a glutton. We did the Seafood Tom Yum, Pad See Ew and Mango Sticky Rice.The Thai tea was good, sweet and strong (I didn't sleep till 3AM).Seafood Tom Yum had good flavor, not MSG laden, filled with seafood (mussels, scallops, shrimp, squid) Pad See Ew with beef, yummy flat rice noodles with strips of beef, savory and spicy!Mango Sticky Rice was good, though the rice was a bit too wet for my liking and the portion I felt was a bit small for the price point.For all the food, we asked for Medium heatwise and I thought it was perfect! I do like spicy food though, but there is a burn!All in all, Thai E-San puts out solid Thai food. The owner came by to talk to us and also made sure everything was alright with the food. The food tastes pretty authentic to me!
5	Seriously, I've been here like every other week for 2 years and still love it.  This deserves 5 stars.
5	Really great Thai food.  I am a creature of habit so I have only tried a few things on the menu.  The yellow curry with chicken is my favorite!  I get it almost every time I am there.  I am also a wimp so on a scale of 1 to 5 I get it on a max of 2.  Sometimes that is even too hot for me. lol  Service is always very fast and friendly.  Restaurant is super clean.  Free wifi too!
5	I luv this place. Today I have a cold so chicken curry is exactly what I need to clear my head. .Best Thai in the city by far.
4	Love this Thai joint. We love to order yellow chicken curry (spicy #3), spicy basil rice (spicy #4), spring rolls and the Thai tea is so good.
5	Favorite thai place in the valley. The pad thai comes with chicken and shrimp, and is delicious. The yellow curry tofu and the coconut soup with seafood are my other 2 favorites. Love love love this place!
