3	Light blue polo shirts. "Six gill" pleated khakis. 40 oz. $3 beers on Thursday night. One of these three things is really sexy. Guess which one? Angry Ale's has lots of TVs to watch sports and a "high tech" shuffle board that keeps score electronically. Pretty advanced. What isn't advanced is the service. Our server, while she was very sweet, seemed to have misplaced our table and we had to wait a while between beers. Angry's seemes to be short staffed and, according to my local friends, this seems to be a constant problem. The prices and variety of bar food and beer makes up for this. Another good thing is the patio. Lots of room to escape the smoke. Just be sure to let the server know where you're going.
2	If you are looking to run into someone from high school then this is the bar for you.  Or if you are 30 and looking to meet girls in their young 20s that have nothing better to do than hang out at this bar all the time.  The bathroom was a complete shithole and most of the people there seemed like douche bags.  Some guy knocked my beer out of my hand and I yelled at him.  He then smirked at me and told me that if I apologized to him he would replace my beer.  This place only gets 2 stars (instead of 1) because I ran into an old friend who was working there and that was a nice surprise.
3	Definitely a place for the younger twenty-something crowd, the thing that sets Ale's apart for me is the patio. The inside is decent but not overly spacious, and can get pretty crowded and definitely smoky in a hurry. A smaller seating area exists to the right of the bar area, and a single-table pool room leads to the patio, which sports its own bar to alleviate the need to take on the crowd to get a drink.Thursday evening seems to be the time to experience the true Ale's crowd, which ranges from scantily-clad socialites to volleyball and softball teams looking to relax with a pitcher or four. I've only eaten here once, but I recall the menu as being largey burgers, sandwiches and bar food, but faily extensive. They do serve until 2 am though, which is great. Toss in live music on some Thursdays as well, and its a decent place to spend a summer evening.
3	This place seems like a high school or college hangout, but my volleyball team used to meet here after matches.  The food is good and they have lots of TVs, I'll give them that.   Typical bar food.
3	While Angry Ale's is DEFINITELY frat-tastic (over-the-top preppy behavior is on display here: pink polos, croakies, short shorts), with a demographic largely made up of UNC grads, it's pretty good for what it is: a fratty bar. We love going here during basketball season, when every UNC (and ACC) game is on TV and the bar is packed with enthusiastic fans. You can catch pretty much any sporting event you'd like here, although don't plan on being able to focus/hear. This place is rowdy. Good beer and drink specials, and a nice (rowdy) outdoor area that gets totally packed when it's warm out. This place gets wild on Thursdays. Decent food of the pub variety. Decent "games" too--pool, foosball, that slidy game. Fun place.
2	Angry Ale's reminds me of bars I used to frequent when I was in college.  When we didn't have any other choices.  The restaurant/bar is a series of interlocking rooms.  Some with tables, some with bars, some with pool tables.  Great for mingling in crowds.  In college.  We had a coupon for Angry Ale's so decided to give it a try, hoping to find a new local favorite bar at which to hang out.  It was a nice evening, so we sat outside.  They have a big outdoor seating area, but AA was seriously lacking any atmosphere.  No color, no theme, no spark.  The service was a-ok, as was the food.  Nothing stood out.  It's your basic bar food -- apps, salads, burgers, wings, sandwiches -- but they had a pretty good variety of each item.  Maybe if they did something with the look and feel of the place, Ale wouldn't be so Angry?
4	Angry Ale's is a fine drinking establishment.  A lot of other reviewers are knocking it for being too college oriented, which it certainly is.However, go here for what it is, don't attempt to make it something it isn't. They have a good beer special in that they'll sell you a 22 oz. (a deuce-deucer if you're a good ol' boy) for $3.Also, I picked up a veggie wrap while I was here and thought the food to be well priced and prepared (as far as bar food goes). I've heard this bar and the surrounding area is the place to go for nightlife as well.
3	The crowd here SUCKS if you have any depth to your soul! The shallowness and snobbiness of the night time crowd here is unparallel to any other bar in Charlotte that I know of. That said - the staff is really really nice and the patio rocks! They typically have great live music in the summer time in the open air. The food is descent and the kitchen is quite accomodating. Parking is a bit limited but there are several bars on that street that you can visit within walking distance, as well as a bowling alley.  If you do descide to check it out make sure to say hey to Vita!
4	A good, solid place for multiple occasions.I have been to Angry Ale's on multiple occasions at different times during the week.  I usually go here on a weekend night to let loose after a long week, but have also been here for a few afternoon drinks and lunch/dinner.  I am not sure if Angry Ale's is trying to market itself as a restaurant that serves drinks or a bar that serves food.  If it is the latter, then they definitely have some of the best bar food around.  It is a very diverse menu that goes beyond the traditional burger and chicken fingers that seem to be the flagship items of most bar menus.I am a little mixed on attending this place during the winter.  One of the great things about Angry Ale's is the outdoor seating, but it is not too much fun when it is 20 something degrees out.   Needless to say, this is one of my go to places during the spring and summer months.  On weekend nights, Angry Ale's seems to attract a college and just out of college crowd, which is right up my ally, but might be unappealing to others.  During afternoon hours, it is sparsely crowded with alcoholics with very entertaining stories and other locals who are just looking for a chill spot to hang out. The pool tables are a nice outlet for entertainment if you are looking to pass some time.Overall, I would recommend Angry Ale's to anyone of my age and lifestyle.
5	On recent trip to Charlotte, I found myself at Angry Ale's on no less than three separate occasions.Away from my home turf on the recent Nuggets playoff run, I found AAs a go to spot to watch the game.  The staff and crowd was friendly and accepting of my explicit Nuggets fanship, as I was clad in a jersey and not without boisterous comments.Also, I made it here on Wednesday for trivia night, which was awesome.  I am a regular trivia geek at Woody's Pizza in Arvada, CO...thus it was quite interesting to be exposed to a different format.  I found the competition stiff, the questions written with wit and intelligence, and the overall experience quite invigorating.Finally, on this most recent trip to AAs I noticed how friendly the wait staff is.  They truly do epitomize a sense of Southern Hospitality that is difficult to find elsewhere.  Lindsay is awesome!
1	Yuck. All around. Dirty, nasty, and tacky! We had wings there which literally glowed under the "awesome" black lights. We call them Snot Wings. There are plenty o'dive bars out there which are good and good for ya. This is not one of them.
2	Let me start off by saying I'm giving Angry's 2 stars even though I've been there a TON and still plan to go quite frequently.. (it's like 3 minutes from my house, let's be honest - I'll be there again)Positives: Has all the games, lots of TVs, almost always has a good crowd, decent drink specials, decent food, great outdoor seating area. Perfect spot to catch a game and a beer/quick bite. Decent amount of parking, good location near Park and Woodlawn.Before now I would have seriously complained about the smoke issue, but with smoking no longer permitted inside, Angry's is a much better spot.Middle Ground: Hit or miss service. Can be great or can be awful. Just depends on the waitress and the day. Negatives: Constantly changing their menu. They were known for their mac and cheese - gone. Entrees constantly coming and going. I don't know if there is management issues but the menu and wait staff never seem to be the same. Only the guy at the door.. Kinda weird set up. It's divided into 3 rooms and then an outdoor area. Which would be good I guess if you had a group and wanted an area to yourself, but it's hard if the group is particularly large or if your group is in a room and you show up late and it's just impossible to fit another chair. I would say the biggest negative is if you did not or do not go to Queens or UNCC, the people are probably going to annoy you. Young crowd that can get obnoxious at times (and I'm in my 20's so it's annoying enough to bother someone in the same demo). Very "Greek friendly" aka FRATastic! Clearly a flip flops kinda bar but the girls show up in their heels and pearls anyway. All that being said.. it's not a bad place. But when I read "Meh. I've experienced better." it just seemed to hit the nail on the head.Foghorn Chicken Wrap is good... if they still have it on the menu? Good pizza, awesome potato skins (but I'm pretty sure those are gone now), Granny's Fried Chicken Salad (something like that) is really good. I'm almost afraid to recommend any food, but most likely it won't be there if you choose ot try Angry's out. (Seriously)
1	probably the worst service and food i've ever had in charlotte. im normally not a complainer, but this was beyond terrible. the service was rude and slow, and after waiting over an hour for food mine came out with a chunk of hair in my burger. ill never ever go back.
1	Very dissappointed. Sunday afternoon..hardly anyone in the place and our order took a long time to come out. Not surprising because the burgers were overcooked. Ordered the PCP burger - with pimento cheese, fried pickles and bacon. The burger lacked taste..could only distinguish the bacon..everything else had no distinct flavor. The French fries were overcooked and soggy and had a slight taste  of fish.. No kids menu so ordered them sliders. The sliders had better taste..which leads us to think that the sliders are fresh made and the larger burgers are frozen. Hence the lack of flavor on the bigger burger. Family consensus is go back to Five Guys.
4	Maybe it was the fact that my team (Wisconsin Badgers) was killing San Diego State...maybe it was the fact that Angry Ale's was pretty open & not filled with drunkies mid-Saturday afternoon....maybe it was the tasty sweet potato fries....or maybe it was my husband's low key company but I really liked Angry Ale's. I went in with modest expectations - I wanted some good bar food, a table and a chance to watch the game. Overall - Angry Ale's delivered. Now, don't get me wrong - it's a sports bar with a menu. It's not a place to bring children or expect gourmet cuisine. It's not the nicest sports bar I've ever been to, but it's certainly not the diviest. The bathrooms were clean, the waitress (Lindsay) was nice and attentive and the food was pretty good!I ordered the Baby Burger w/cheese - A 4 ounce patty with cheddar, lettuce, tomato on a toasted bun. I choose sweet potato fries as my side. The juicy burger was just enough to satisfy me and I adored the toasted bun. The fries were a total winner - nicely cut sweet potato fries with cinnamon sugar dusted over the top. NOM.Prices were affordable for food and drinks and TVs were plentiful. I'll definitely come back to Angry Ale's to watch another game - as long as it's not super crowded!
3	Good place to watch the game, have some bar eats and beers. Big patio with several TVs too. Went there recently to watch the Wisconsin game and after about 2 minutes we figured out the spot and the waitress was kind enough to change the the TV for us. Wasn't too busy, which was a nice change as some bars on game day just get ridiculously busy and it's hard to get good service. That said; it wasn't slow by all means, just a good crowd. Ordered the chicken nachos, which were OK. Came on separate tortilla chips with all the fixings. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but when I think of or want nachos, I want a stack of chips with the ingredients dumped on top, but that's just me. Had a bite of the wife's burger and it was good as well. Menu is full of special sandwiches and burgers as well as salads and apps. Only negative was that the PBR was $2.50...now that's steep for a PBR, even knowing how much I love it.
2	Allow me to provide a review from two different perspectives the crazy college kid and anyone else other than a college kid. College Kid Review: Man this place rocks pitchers of beer galore- plastic cups oh my! When drunkenness sets in there is nothing to break! Lots of younger twenty somethings where you are bound to meet someone new and makes lots of noise. A plethora of TVs for numerous college sports viewings and cheapish bar food tops the list. When the weather is nice the large outdoor patio can be used as a giant outdoor party. Anyone else other than a college kid review: Two words to describe this one: scary larry. One of my coworkers got sick from the wings. I don't recommend it if you have some expectations. This place serves your typical sub-par bar food. The same goes for the drinks. My review may be skewed because once someone I know gets sick from the food is warrant enough for me to stay away. The only positive I can see is the large outdoor seating area which is why I gave two stars instead of one. If you go there good luck and lower your expectations.
2	Why are you so angry?  Is it because you had to paint everything since the fire in a red and black motif from your previous green and white?  Or maybe it is because you got a mixed drink here that tasted awful?  That is why I am...well, I guess more bummed than angry.  Atmosphere -   college kids, softball leagues, occasional trouble maker, red and lots of black paint, same setup as before, cool deck area w/ TV's, pool area (fyi, not for swimming).Food - I ate here pre-fire and the food was okay bar food, as in I loved their tater tots.  They were really good tots.  I have not eaten here since the renovation.Drinks - This review is on the drinks, which when they were of the mixed variety were bad.  I am not sure what was wrong.  Maybe the syrup mixture was off or the bartender was off.  Whatever it was, the mixed drinks went down like broken glass.  Speaking of breaking glass, that is not a problem here.  The cups and pitchers they serve in are of the plastic variety, which is probably a good thing when a rowdy softball group shows up after a game.  Price - I forget...it was either the same or cheaper than Brazwells.  So you got that...Overall - I would come here for the drink specials, as in domestic beer drink specials.  As for anything else, I am not sure about that because I would not want to make you...bummed.
3	Yes, I have become one of those sports league people who hang out here after a game.  Quite frankly that free pitcher of beer (Angry Ale's partners with the league organization) is the highlight for us (look... it's our first year and we don't "suck" per se, we just haven't quite figured out how to win yet, haha).  There's always a decent crowd for a Tuesday night.  One reason is music trivia, which is fun if you like that kind of things (winning free beers and gift cert can be motivating).  However, it's loud, and they play inside and outside so there's no place to hide.The most disappointing thing of this place is the service.  It's fine when you're with a group of friends, or watching a game, not in a hurry and just enjoy being there.  But if you want to order food right away because you just broke out of prison starving, or if you want a cold beer PRONTO because... heck that's why you are at a bar to begin with, well, good luck buddy!  My advice: go up to the bar and do it youself.  Food/drink are your typical neighborhood bar offerings.  On Tuesdays they have $1.75 silver bullets (Coors Light). Tater tots are awesome (I had the loaded one as well... I wasn't too impressed, the melted cheese was just there on the top, not evenly distributed).  I just tried the Ale's Burger, which has fried egg along with 1 onion ring, lettece, tomato, cheese & mayo (I skipped the pickle).  It was pretty good.  I ordered the small portion (1-4oz pattie instead of 2) and it's plenty for me, $6 for a burger with tots.  Before the fire, they had the most awesome onion rings, I haven't tried it yet since they re-opened.I give it 3-star instead of 2 simply because I do like it enough to keep coming back.  It's a good chill spot on a street where drinking has become a little high-end.
3	Good place to hang with friends and have a beer.  Live music was playing this past Saturday night and the pool tables were rockin and the outside was slammed.  Funny drunk people watching!
3	So this place gets a 3.5 Stars from me.  It's a sports bar... not my typical m.o., but good for groups if you are  with a bunch of drooling sports fans.Outdoor seating, cheap prices, pretty good service.  We had a sweet little thing named LA who successfully deflected all of the pickup lines from the married men at the table next to us while keeping a smile on her face.  Impressive.  You go girl - extra points for her.The food was nothing to rave about, but the hand cut fries were on point.They typically have some live music (90's covers mostly), girls that are just tipsy enough to not walk a straight line, guys in pastel polos & khakis, and pounders... lots and lots of pounders.  On a weekend night this place is wall-to-wall people.Cornhole in the parking lot.  Within walking distance to lots of other bars & restaurants.  Overall, not too shabby!
4	Dare I say I actually like Angry Ales?  I only go here during the week, but everytime I go I have a good time. The bartenders and bouncer always remember me and the drinks are cheap.  I have had the potachos here which were good, but I'm not really expecting anything from a bar.  Though they do have what I like to call "grease truck sandwiches" which are things like steak sandwiches topped with mozzarella sticks.  The crowd is usually varied from 21-30 with it being more weighted towards 21.  Also, I really like the deck in the summer.  Its a good place to go out and just talk to random people who don't deserve my stupidity.  I never been here on the weekend, but its on Montford so there is always somewhere to go if its beat.
4	I'm a fan.  After a long day at the office, it's nice to belly up to the bar for a man can and a bacon cheddar fatty melt followed by another man can.  If you're looking to hang out with some down to earth locals in charlotte, look no further.  If you have stuffy fine dining on the brain, you're in the wrong place.
5	This place is the tits! Had a double burger with bacon grilled cheese as the buns! Nom nom, also tried fried banana and PB burger, so delicious!!! Service was great, and there's a million TVs! Pool table and huge beer selection. Bam!
3	A dive-ish sports bar, it's an interesting spot with excellent burgers, a billion television sets and a reasonable selection of mass-produced beers.I met a few friends here, but I was late to arrive. By the time I showed up, they had already placed their orders and the menus cleared. When i was able to flag down a waitress, I ordered a burger (someone suggested the Carolina) and the sweet potato fries. And a PBR, because it seemed appropriate.The kitchen was able to fast track my burger so it showed up at the same time as my friends. The Carolina is seriously messy but it's loaded with fatty meaty greasy goodness. And the sweet potato fries were excellent.We didn't stick around for long - down the road to bowl!
3	Great place to hang, lots of games and a good patio. Food is american and greasy, but good. Gets real busy on some weekdays but definitely check out the outside area on a nice day.
4	Yep.  Four stars my friends.It started as a party of four at Good Food on Montford.  Yes, I know the place is fantastic, but after we had spent a lot of money already and were still somewhat hungry.  What is there to do?  Yep... Angry Ale's.  We finished off the night with an order of Chicken Fingers.  Some tossed in buffalo, some basic with dips.  I know I was already a few glasses of wine into the evening, but I know great chicken tenders when I eat them!  These tasted so fresh, so moist, and perfectly fried crispy.  We have been here before and support the local bars, but this stood out and I had to leave a review.  Great beers and well-above-average bar food!  The menu gets creative and the staff is excellent.
4	GREAT DRINKS! Good bar food, too, if you are fan of all things fried! Definitely go and check out their deck. Good for big groups.
3	If you know anything about me, you know that I am a Packers fan.  Hardcore Packers fan. From being born and raised in the land of cheese, brats and beer, I learned a little about bars and Ale's has it. Why do I mention the Packers?  Because Angry Ale's is Charlotte's official Packer bar.  Each Sunday (or some Monday or Thursday nights), this is where you can find me with my posse of cheeseheads. The drinks are great and now that I am re-kindling my love for Bloody Mary's, I can say Ale's are flavorful and strong  The food is tasty - At the upper echelon of bar food but none-the-less, no complaints.My only complaint, which has been reoccurring often lately, is the service.  Typically, I order 2 beers because mine will run dry before my server realizes it has been 30 minutes since we have been checked on.  The people at the atmosphere make it worth it.  If it wasn't a Packer bar, would I go?  Probably not but it's an ideal place to pack up your buds to catch the game, kick back and relax and hang out on the patio or hold up the bar.
1	I have gone to this bar a few times and each time I've gone there have been issues. The worst came a few weeks ago when I attended  a friends "going away" party. We got in and set a table, the whole nine yards. We all got food but it wasn't until a plate of some sort of fried chicken was delivered to our table that I cringed. Halfway into her bite, a friend noticed a beetle looking bug about the size of a penny in her chicken. She scraped it off thinking there was no way a bug that big could have made it, but alas, it did and she was lucky she didn't bite into it. We showed the waitress who then took the food back. That's it. No apologies, nothing.  We then barely saw her again but when we got our bill.  Upon leaving the 3 of us who had ordered food all felt sick. I spent  the next two days throwing up and so did my boyfriend and a the third person who ordered food. Seeing as how we each only got single drinks, alcohol intoxication was out of the question.  When we got home we realized that not only us, but several others sitting with us had been charged for extra drinks. When I called up to discuss things with the manager, the lady that answered informed me I must be wrong, because that waitress wouldn't deliver us bad food. The manager then said the same thing, denying there could be a bug because he "inspected" the kitchen the day before and we must all have gotten sick a different way.  This was followed by 10 minutes of us going back and forth with him saying that he would refund the 5 dollars for the extra drink. No real apologies, or decent customer service. This place is disgusting.
1	Terrible bar and terrible service. Every time I have come here I've waited twenty minutes to get a drink while some fratboy high school all star has gotten free drinks all night because they know the bartender. Owners also own the train wreck that is Andrew Blair's next door. This bar along with Andrew Blairs is a recreation of the Charlotte high school scene. If you did not go to high school in Charlotte, you will not get drinks and not know anyone here. I was completely miserable. Let's not forget the bartender who gave free drinks to young men who paid her for haircuts during the week. This kind of stuff is not how you run a business and I won't be coming back.
3	I always enjoy Angry ale's.  It's a great bar with decent food.  Just this past weekend I had their Mac & Cheese with bacon and steak. It was great. Their french fries were amazing! They always have great specials even on the weekend.
4	What makes AA so great?  Patio, Patio, Patio!  Location helps too... it's located off of Montford so it's pretty easy to walk to after some bowling or drinking at the other "hot" spots to go to.  A good bit of space inside as well on the colder, not so nice days to be inside.  Tons of TVs to catch sports games and a variety of menu items to keep the drinking stomach fueled and ready to process more alcohol... or whatever spirits you deem worthy.The parking for AA's is like other places on Montford, a bit of a challenge.  Never-the-less on the street parking never fails, and there is a decent size lot around the place.  Don't park at Andrew Blairs for fear of towing (if in doubt, look for the signs).Had some decent half priced wings on Saturday afternoon on the deck.  The atmosphere and quickly prepared wings with some extra wing dipping sauce made my afternoon complete.You can imagine the night I had... since I left my credit card in the bill-fold.  Luckily I called the next day and it was waiting for me behind the bar after some photo ID checkage.  I did take my "walk of shame" back to the car the next day since I was not coherent enough to remember to get my card after paying the bill.  We'll blame it on "forgetfulness."
5	Ive yet to eat anything bad here great food good drink specials the staff are very friendly if your not a snob. And the patio is awesome.
3	Great patio with shaky tables (without the patio this would have been two stars) The beer selection is okay but better across the street at Ducks. I had some wings that were below average with about 3-4 cases of soggy chicken skin which is a big no no for wings in my opinion.On of the beer "specials" were 5 dollar domestic tall boys.
3	Met a girl friend here for lunch yesterday.  I have some slight concerns about how expensive it was (I got a BBQ chicken wrap and 2 vodka drinks which were on special and it was $30 something).  The tater tots were great, the wrap was good, and the drinks were strong.  Had a good time.
3	Time went: 11:20pm-ishCrowd: Busy, people come to hang out at the bar, table, or patio just to chill and out with friends.Music: Okay, actually... I don't even rememberService: Good and attentive - the bartenders that is.Place: Typical bar place, but feels blah. Another 2 restrooms place for the women's while there is a long line to wait..This place is fine just to go to for a change of scenery from Andrew Blair's and Brazwells.  But I don't like staying here too long since its just not my cup of tea. I can tell you this, the boys loved the place - guy's hangout place :)
5	Reminds me of a bar from back home.  Friendly staff and a great food.  Try the Philly or the Mac and Cheese.  I come back for both of these religously.  They also have a great Patio!
1	Our company is close to them and we had went a couple times before. The outside deck is nice in good weather. The inside is kind of crappy, run down, dirty, and just smells. The bathrooms are the worst. One Friday probably 15 people from our company went for lunch and got brutally sick with the Nora Virus. We will NEVER go there again, just from this expirience! Wich is a bad thing for them cause we go out every Friday for lunch and happy hour, and tend to spend some cash.
2	Horrible service.  Currently sitting here for over an hour. We've gone to the bar twice for beer but have not once been offered service from one of the two waitresses on the patio. Good atmosphere. Still drinking. But would appreciate an offer of service from someone.... jeez
1	Every so often we would get tired of the other spots on Montford. Leaving us with Angry Ales as a choice. We would go there, but always regret it after mediocre food, lunches taking 1.5+ hours, and the least helpful servers around. One Friday a group ventured to the Angry Ales patio. Another regretful experience that spiraled into what I could only call 'near death weekend.' Angry Ales infected 19 of my friends including myself with the Norovirus . Take food poising and amp it up 10x and that's what you can expect from the Norovirus. Thirty Six hours of pure pain, vomiting, a fever, and other flu like symptoms. All of us filed complaints with the health department. The inspector went out and confirmed multiple reports of the Norovirus being spread from a cook.
4	I've been here on several occasions for drinking purposes (late-night), but haven't had the pleasure of eating here until a few months back. The mindset behind thisvisit was clear: loading up on a ton of classic, greasy American food before my summer in Tokyo, Japan.  Let me say this: Angry Burger delivered! Their burgers are absolutely amazing (I got their signature), and simply cannot fit in your mouth properly. This was fine, as I housed it in the messiest way possible. And what better than their delicious sweet potato fries to compliment said burger? Of course, washed it all down with a delicious Sweetwater 420. Pretty much had to be carried out of the restaurant, thanks Grace (yelp elite '12) for your assistance!ANGRY ALES FTW!
4	I like this place a lot. Been here for lunch and been here at night for drinks. And I like it here.The food is pretty good. It's bar food. But it's better bar food than a lot of places around the way. I like the burgers and wings especially.  It's a great place to hang out and have pitchers of beer with your buddies and chill. Lots of tvs. And the patio situation rocks! A+++
4	i love this place its typical dive bar setting with a great porch and the wait staff is very friendly and attentive.. what makes this place stand out is the food they have some very creative sandwiches. when we go i always get the fat Sanchez its a cheese steak with mozzarella sticks french fries and jalapenos smothered in cheese and some funky sauce. we usually get the not yet famous egg rolls they are amazing. i highly recommend it and will go back often.
4	Ok. Been here multiple times. Good food good drinks great looking staff!  ;). Ok more than multiple times. This is MY neighborhood.  Stay away from the shrimp dip unless you are a horse in need of your salt lick. Fried pickles are great but not nearly as good as the "DIAMOND" 's.  OMG OMG OMG.  The cuban sliders are crazy good!!!   I lived in fl. for a short min. And know what a good cuban is.  This far north...  This this is good.   I gtg. There is one more slider left.   :)   - corbin
4	I mean, I get why people wouldn't want to go here. However, if you're a fan of patios, beer and good times close to home, this is your place.
5	Very fun laid back atmosphere! Had the bleu burger, soooo good! Service was awesome! Love it here! Great music too!  Bye bye miss American Pie!
2	Location is what gives it 4 stars. What gives it 0? Out of every beer almost on beer list. Ironic part is we were the table that ordered them. Took the waitress each trip to realize what they were out of. (Wouldn't you just keep a list? )Also change your kegs and be prepared this is usually when beers change flavors and opening week of college football. Sorry this bar would never cut it in the big football cities. Seems they have tons of mixed shots which is cute if your back in the frat or need quick buzz.
4	Definitely recommend this restaurant if you are a burger fan!I ordered take out here and got a burger and it was absolutely delicious. The service was fast, the employees were very friendly & not to mention that my burger was exactly how I liked it. If you are ever in the area or would like a great burger with a cold ale, check out Angry Ale's.
4	*hic*The bartendress was beautiful and liberal with the booze.  I'm coming back!  Oh, and the food was excellent.  I had the fish tacos.
3	Just got into Charlotte. Wanted to watch the Panthers game. The place could be very nice for outside during the summer time. However, the inside is too small. The place is crowded and the TVs are somewhat in weird spots. I will return here during the summer. Like I said the outside has potential. The inside is well below avg.#YelpingChris
3	I am not really a huge fan of the food, but I give it three stars for the beer selection. They even had Cold Mountain!
2	Years ago this was the place to be after sports nights. My softball team and I would take over the porch. Now .... I just feel like they need to do some updating. You can smell the grease in the parking lot. Most of the tables and chairs are from 10 years ago. don't get me wrong, a bar is a bar and Montford is the place to be. Just think Ale's needs to step it up like the bowling alley did.
4	Quick and attentive service. Excellent fish tacos and tater tots! Portions are huge.
1	So disappointed. Played skee ball because it claimed you get a free margarita for 300 points. Two of us got over 300 points. Headed to the bar for our free margaritas and were told "the machine is old" no margaritas. Meanwhile the machine is clearly very new high tech computerized. So disappointed at the false advertising. Food was just ok. Moral of the story dont false advertise or else you will have very disappointed customers.
2	Angry Ale's is, unfortunately, your typical 20-something bar. Weird beer selection, beer company reps all over the place, terrible music. Probably won't return, not on purpose anyway.
2	Fun outdoors atmosphere. Decent staff though nobody will approach you unless you seek them nor greet you when you walk in or wait. Food mediocre, & don't try to eat while seated outside as your food might taste like ashes considering the number of smokers who I'm assuming come to the establishment for that sole purpose.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!Horrible customer service!! Racist employees and managers!! IF they do serve you, the odds of your order being wrong are higher then the contrary!I work too hard for my money, to be treated like it's less green then... The bills of my peers.
4	The beer here is very good, we tried a couple of things off they menu and pleasantly  surprising all of it was good!!! Try the mac & cheese, AWESOME!!!We sat out on the patio and it was awesome as well... The service is so so but who cares once you get your beer, right, Lol.
2	I wish, I wish....I wish #AngryAle's lived up to potential that oozes from its glamours and amazing patio area. I wish all the hype and noise you hear about this place around the Charlotte area was more than just noise and hype.  I wish I liked this place more, but the undeniable fact, that I keep tucked away in the back of my mind, and that I only admit when I am writing yelp reviews at 2:00pm on rainy Monday afternoons, is that this place is a cool, hip, and popular, disappointment.  What exactly makes Angry Ale's a disappointment?  First, the service.  I've been here a hand full of times and I have NEVER had what I would call good service while seated at a table, either inside or out.  I've sat at a table on the patio area and waited for what seems like an eternity for a waiter or waitress to take my order.  There's been times when I simply refused to wait any longer and migrated to the bar.  The only hope you have of every getting a decent level of service is to sit at the bar.  The tables might have salt, pepper, and napkins sometimes not.  Sometimes there will be ketchup, sometimes not.  Too often, disorganization and slow service are the thoughts I have when I leave Angry Ale's.  Then there's the food.  Every time I look at the expansive menu, I see countless things that I want to try, and that seem like they would be really good.  Unfortunately, they  rarely taste as good as the menu describes.  Take the Big Chuck's Nacho's, for example.  Not very good.  Chips were really soggy, wasn't really hot, and the chicken didn't have much flavor (hence the need for salt and pepper).  In its defense, I can say I've had the Chicken Bacon sandwich at Angry Ale's and it was pretty good, just not close to great. Cool bar, with an amazing patio area.  Service can be described as uncaring and lackadaisical at best, and the food is only slightly better.
2	We've been here a couple of times and the poor service does not disappoint.  I'm not sure if they're understaffed or the staff has tables inside and out that causes them to be so slow but both times the service has been painful.  The food is average at best, bar food and not good enough for us to come back.The bar itself seems like it could be great.  They need a lot of improvement to beat the competition that's right next door!
1	I have drank margaritas around the world and never ever have I paid $22.00 a margarita.  Watch this restaurant they will over charge you given half the chance.
4	Typical bar food but the drinks are where it's at. The moonshine slushed are yummy!..especially when you mix them together!
4	Was shocked how good the food was.  I highly recommend this placeI had the meat skewers with grilled veggies.  They were cooked perfectly and the price was reasonable The service was excellent.  I really hate I didn't eat at this restaurant while I lived near Charlotte.  I will go back on my next CLT visit!
4	I said three stars - my boyfriend said four - so let's say 3.5 stars. Went for a quick bite before a movie. We had the pretzel bites for an appetizer. I had the El Camino Cesar salad, my boyfriend had sliders with fries. Fries I stole were yummy! Salad was a little blah but as a vegetarian I am always pleased to see several options on a menu for me, I'll try something different next time. Service was fast and friendly. We made the movie with time to spare.
