1	For $10 cover, it's totally worth it if you like to be in a small, uncomfortably crowded bar surrounded by drunk, sweaty, horny fraternity boys hooting and hollering, thinking they're going to score with one of those bar-counter dancing vixens.
1	The idea of a club based on a cheesey movie. I have no idea why I had to check this place out. Probably because I was drunk.
1	I didn't pay for a cover....Thank god the bartender lady chick coyote (whatever you call them) was drunk, liked my tattoos and told the bouncer to let me in....SCORE!!!At the same time, we walked in very disappointed.  Unlike Zell C. at the time we had gone there we weren't surrounded by frat boys, but old men who just wanted to act like frat boys.  EWWW....Thank God for the Ugly Stick (yard long drinks) you can buy outside...Because the inside is not worth the time.
3	To be honest I had a 5 star experience here so I can't complain, but the crowd is lacking good looks and women so I can only give 3. I also can't give this place less than 3 because really it is just like the movie, small, crowded with dirty men, and they wont give out water. ..... Since the above visit I went back, and again had a 5 star experience. And yes, I will be back for another round of Coyote in the future.
2	Not all that its cracked up to be. I'm giving it an extra star just for the amusing conversation I had with this drunk gentleman. The dancers are not even aiit.
1	Yuck.  Old perverted men everywhere!  Drinks are overpriced, but it's Vegas.  If you're a girl and willing to go on stage,  you get shots poured into your mouth.  If you're into watching drunk girls having water poured on them, you're in luck.  And if you're also into annoying bartender girls yelling into a mic every freakin second, go here.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Totally staged, crap ass place.  My sister in law conned me into going here after I was 4 martini's in on the promise that she had 2 free tickets and that I could continue on my martini quest.  A little white lie to convince me to go and that she thought I wouldn't notice cause of the 4 martini's.  Whatever.The show on the bar was entertaining for the first 16 seconds and then we were ready to move on.  I think we stayed no more than 30 minutes.  Luckily I was able to finish my 5th and final martini for the night.  I tried to go one more round a little later on in the evening....but the thought of it made me want to puke.  Instead I took 2 tylenol and started guzzling water as fast I could get it.
1	I love the concept, I think it would be cool to see some good barmaids/dancers entertaining the crowd but... all we saw were big fat asses girls in need of attention and free shots. The Coyotes themselves don't even know how to move, nah, this place is a dump.
4	I am a sucker for choreographed dancing, so I had to check this place out.After a $10 cover, and a few $6 beers, I was ready to dance!  This place is fun if you want to dance on the bar and get free shots.  I only danced on the bar for a few songs, and I got a lot of free shots, and I was very happy about that.  Yes, I agree that the crowd is not that attractive.  However, on the plus side, if you are even a little cute and you've been to the gym in the past year, you'll feel like one of the most beautiful people in the bar.  And that is kind of fun.  :-)The bartender/dancer girls work hard to make sure that everyone is drinking and having a good time.  Also, the bouncers are hilarious!  However, I wish that the bartenders would have done more of their choreographed dances...
1	Been here twice and both times I left within 5 minutes. Girls get free shots for a reason, they wouldn't get people otherwise! Just don't go. Its a complete waste of time.
2	OH MY GWAD I GET TO DANCE ON THE BAR?!!! LOOK AT ME, GIVE ME ATTENTION!! LOOK UP MY SKIRT! WATCH ME MACK ON MY FRIENDS FOR THE SHEER ENTERTAINMENT AND DESPERATE ACCEPTANCE OF THE MEN'S AFFECTION AROUND ME! LOOOOOVVVVEEE MEE! WHERE'S MY SHOT?! OOO I'M SEXY WHEN I DANCE LIKE A DRUNKIN 3 LEGGED DONKEY WITH NO PANTIESIt's ok here if you like that sort of thing or beer or you're in the military on leave and need a sure bet
1	Saddle Rack meets Las Vegas.If you like skanky crowd (middle age ladies who don't act their age, old creepy guys) and don't mind paying the Vegas price for the drinks whilst mingling with them, then Coyote Ugly is right down your alley. Otherwise, go someplace else.  I'm surprised this place is still around after all this time.  Is it the free shot?
2	I was actually suprised when I went into this bar. I thought it would be better....is that wrong to say?!?!?! The ratio of guys to girls was at least 15 to 1. Which is fine and all but I can see why they offered free shots to girls. No cover to enter on the Thursday night I visited. And you could open a lingerie shop with the amount of bras hanging from the ceiling. The hot bartender with the awesome abs (she must have had ribs taken out and it is VERY clear she's never had a baby) was worth checking out, but that's pretty much it. I didn't get a drink at this stop so I can't comment on the price.
3	Well i hate this place, but i love the people who work here.Free shots for the ladies= YumFree groping by the creepy old guys that hangout there= EwwThey have a cute little bar out front where you can get frozen drinks, i loved the margarita with an extra shot, yum, drunk, yum. The girls who work there were very nice, and sweet. Stick to the drink window, going inside will only piss ya off.
1	How come I can't give them ZERO stars?! OK. That was mean. Sorries.Well. This place is a tease man!!!! I thought it would be all country and rock so I didn't want to go in, but then they started playing "Sexy Back" and some Kanye, so I thought hey!!!! Let's go in! Well. It's friggin $10 for cover which is some bull, but whatever, we went in. There are girls on the bar, but none of them were cute. They just let anyone go up there apparently. No one was dancing unless they were on the bar. There are like 100 guys to 10 girls (if that). The music comes from a jukebox and was bleh. The only thing that was good was the MC girl was funny and she was pouring drinks into people's mouth (only if she saw them singing to a song she liked). Other than that. WHACK. :(
4	Is your idea of fun not having to dress to the nines when going out, being yelled at by HOT women, getting sprayed with water, all in a college party atmosphere? Well my friend, Coyote Ugly in New York - New York is right up your alley. Men, don't wear a necktie when you come to this joint, as you'll be "asked" to leave it behind. And women, you'll simply be encouraged to leave your bra, to be hung up for all the world to see.Interestingly enough, there is a nice mix of men and women that go to Coyote Ugly. You see, the guys are there to stare at the hot female bartenders and the women are there to get up on the bar and dance their ass off. If you saw the movie Coyote Ugly, then you probably know what I'm talking about. Now men, don't try and get up on the bar yourself, no one wants to see you shaking your ass off. Besides, there's plenty of women to watch doing that.Something I should also mention, Coyote Ugly doesn't serve mixed drinks. You either want a shot or a beer. Don't let the Coyotes hear you calling for a foo-foo drink guys. This is Vegas. Just go with the flow. Remember, at Coyote Ugly, Misbehavior is Encouraged!
1	1.25.08: UGLY does not do this place justice. More like freaking horrific absolutely terrible SHIT!! Being that I could have fun no matter what, does not happen today. It was shit, like shit shit. Not that it is the shit but like dookie shit. ha ha..There's a charge and ugly people two stepping on a small stage. Skinny ass MC trying to be wild while I could see that if someone blew at her, she would fall off and break her legs. Music comes from a juke box...NOW that is the lamest Shit I ever heard. *SIGH* Really really bad place. Do not try. Seriously just don't!
2	Only go here if you don't wait in line, the cover is waived and someone else pays your drinks. I'm not even sure what hotel this place is in. When I got sprayed with water I was done.
2	We used to go to this place a bunch, but then we realized that we shouldn't be wasting our time going to a tiny overpriced bar where a bunch of drunk dudes ogled the girls that were paid to stand on the bar and be flirty.  Entertaining the first few times, and free for locals, so it's not all bad.  But there's better places to spend your time in Vegas.
1	Holy cow.  I've never been to a place this packed.  I mean, dangerously packed.  There's no where to go.  We only checked this place out because we had just seen the movie of the same name, and thought it would be fun.  After weaving our way through the thick mass of people, we decided that getting to the bar was impossible and got the heck out.Loud and rowdy.  Can't comment on the drinks.  Didn't like feeling like a sardine.  Luckily we didn't have to pay cover that night.
2	DEAD DEAD DEAD!!!!But what do you expect at midnight on a Monday night even if it is Vegas?I showed up with some friends after work around closing time.  Still not sure what compelled us to check out Coyote Ugly besides it being in the neighborhood.  There was no cover.  We walked right in.  Drinks are not bad (long island) but there was just a very awkward vibe in the place.  You have the bartenders (hot) up on the bar selling it hard.  But the crowd was an obvious mix of business men trying to get a taste of Vegas and bachelorette party girls.  The bartenders were giving out free shots and had to beg people to come get some.  Closing time came soon enough and we bounced.  I will give Coyote Ugly props for playing some rock inspired music.  I hear Flo-Rida way too much.
1	I have never seen the movie, and thanks to this "Bar", I never plan too. Got dragged here by a friend who always wanted to check it out. I figured since we were in Vegas, why not. Should of said Hell No instead. I got the idea that it does involve sexy bartenders dancing on top of tables, but I didn't realize that I would end up in a crowded assed bar that would make a Fire Marshall hang himself in shame. There was a line to enter but it mostly looked like convention goers from the Minnesota dressed in their best polos and pleated khakis trying to soak in the Vegas experience. Luckily for me, the bouncer accidently stamped me thus allowing me to enter for free. My friends on the other hand had to pay 10 bucks each. We got a few drinks, barely struggled to move and decided to bounce. Your better off at a Vegas Strip club folks.
1	ya, this place was pretty lame.  The night we were in there, they were giving away two for one drinks, and there was no cover, cause they couldn't get anyone in the doors.we did a couple shots, and bailed.  As we were walking thru excalibur, found a random keroake bar, that was actually much more happening.
1	I second, third and fourth all of these reviews.  To begin there is one small stage for girls to dance on, any girls.  It was pretty empty and the ladies wanted to go dance up there, I was thinking.... free drinks.  So my girls go up, and I'm standing with the boys and the girl with a microphone is looking at me and yelling for me to come up and the boys start to yell, so I go... again thinking FREE DRINKS.... but there are NO NO NO NO FREE DRINKS!  None, that was the only reason I went.  Then I see the girl with the microphone pouring a red liquid into peoples mouth, I asked my friend what it was and all we came up with was grenadine.   After it being forced in my mouth it tasted more like fruit punch.  EWE... NEVER GO!!!In the end I really realized how awkward it is, its just a ton of people, old and young watching random girls dance drunk on a little stage.  and there are no free drinks... if there were I probably would have given it two stars and its rep would be much better!  $7 for a corona, Ill pass!AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	Ever since Coyote Ugly came to New York New York, I've always been eager to enter and join the "supposed" wild party going down at this bar. So as soon as I turned 21, I made it my goal to make this my first trip at Vegas.WHAT A LET DOWN! This place was such a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. First of all, my party of friends got separated as we waited to enter. The cover charge was $5, not too bad, but seriously not worth spending the money. To add to things, the music was pretty lame. I was expecting to listen to some kick-ass rock and found myself listening to obnoxious loud junk that I couldn't even decipher. The drinks were okay, but I wish they would have made it stronger so that I could tolerate the not-so-attractive girls dancing on the counter. No, they weren't Coyote Ugly girls. Instead, some average looking girls were trying to give the crowd a show. I thought I came to the bar to watch the bartenders dance? The venue was severely cramped and so I literally stayed there for 5 minutes then left. Honestly, I would have been better satisfied using my $5 to buy a hot dog from the Nathan's stand outside.
2	Wow, a lot of bad reviews on this place...I liked it....We were already wasted on our way back from ghost bar....went to the hotel to exchange the heels for flip flops....and ended up here!Ended up on the bar with an extremely hot coyote girl giving me and my girlfriend free shots....It's was a cool experience, but probably won't go back....
1	I was so excited to visit this place but after going personally and reading all these bad reviews I am shocked NY NY management team has not closed this bitch down!This bar had a really good shot to be something cool and different.  It is so stupid.  The girls that climb up on the bar look like they don't even like working there.  I guess I mean to say, it's nothing like the movie!  Its like hoochies lip synching to a juke box.
3	BFF and I actually had a good time at Coyote Ugly. We were walking through NYNY on our way elsewhere when a promoter gave us free passes, so we waited in a quick line and were in. It was pretty busy on a Thursday night, but we got drinks quickly (and yeah, guys CAN order mixed drinks). So we were starting to get the feel of the place when the bartender sprayed the crowd with water. I just about died, and all I was thinking was "Thank God I didn't straighten my hair'. Ladies, you know. So we moved away from the soda-gun toting bartender and watched the crowd.There were sooo many more guys there then girls! It was quite interesting and a little disturbing to see grown men just stare at the dancing girls on the bar. However, BFF and I can have fun where ever, so after a few strong drinks and a jello shot, we were dancing a little and letting loose. One of the 'coyotes' kept giving us free shots. I think it was apple schnapps. Kinda gross, but free. I wouldn't pay to get into Coyote Ugly, and I wouldn't wait in the loooong line we saw there on Friday night....but we had a good time!
2	The only reason to go to this place is if you get in for free - which apparently is not that uncommon. I was with a party of 7 when we were stopped going into NY, NY and asked if we wanted free passes to CU. Sure, why not? I'd been before when it was super packed after it first opened, and didn't hate it. I knew the gimmick was free shots for the ladies (of the super-sweet, hardly any alcohol variety!), and I knew the whole cowgirl dance that happened on the bar frequently too. Anyway, we all got in...to find a near empty club. The hilarity started ensuing when us girls lined up for free shots, and our drunk male companion sauntered up there to get one as well. The sassy bartendress in her ripped jeans so that her "VS PINK" panties could show (like, ALL of them) gave him a whatfor, made him get on his knees, wag his tail, and bark like a dog. Bless his drunk heart, he did. All that was fun, until she threatened to cut off his tie. Being an expensive silk number, his girlfriend saved it just in time. When sassy chick found out we had a bride in our party, she pulled her up and FELT her up whilst pouring shots into her mouth. Which...was less sexy, and more icky. Fortunately, we only stayed  long enough for 3 rounds of shots, missed the dancing on the bar entirely - and even more fortunately, we weren't asked to take off our bras...I could see this being a draw for the younger crowd, particularly for free, and with more people inside. But I don't think I'll give it a third chance.
1	this place is horrible. go if you are 40+ years old and want to do something that you think your spouse would be jealous of, cause i swear that is all the kind of people that were there. the bouncers were douche bags and though the majority of the girls who worked there were attractive, only one was super hot; but they were all cocky as shit
1	OK here it is Short and Sweet.  In the name Coyote Ugly, "UGLY" is the imperative word.  If you want to see hot chicks that pretend to be interested while they pour drinks go to Hooters.  I promise you will have a better time and at least have some delicious chicken wings to show for it.   In order to even fit with the crowd you must be 40+, overweight, smelly and drunk.  I saw the movie and the contest on CMT and thought it would be fun.  Wow was I wrong.  The only saving grace was cheap beers and free cover.  It's fun place to go, laugh at the crowd for free, get drunk for cheap and never go back.
3	This review is about their bar outside with the frozen drinks. I was always under the impression you could only refill your 'yards' at the place you bought it at. My gf bought a yard at the Rio (complete with a tambourine handle haha) and I needed a refill. Of course, going back to the Rio just to get a refill would be insane. We asked the girl if she could fill our yard and she was happy to do it. $10 including tip. Thanks Coyote Ugly for getting me drunk again.
5	for those of you that think i only write 1 star reviews... booze always get 5 stars. had a daquiri i dont remember what flavor all i know is i had 2 shots of ever clear put in it and did a jello shot with whipped cream (bj style... ask and i will tell you what that mean) and my night on the strip wonderful! from what my friends say, every guy was fugly but at least im a happy fun and friendly drunk....take that!
1	The concept is definitely a male bar.  Its fame was hyped up from the movie WAY too much.  Inside, you will find a crowd of men facing north with their heads cocked up like they were sitting too close at the IMAX theatre.  Women are invited to dance up at the bar as well, although, you fail to see much dancing going on below.  Also, be prepared to get wet from the dancers throwing random tap water into the crowd.  BORING, if you are looking for a show, try perhaps a cirque, you will definitely feel less dirty.
1	Do not go here thinking it will be like the movie. I went on a friday and could hardly walk because they let so many people in, (the place is really small) people will be bumping into you the whole time and you can't really move around.  I am all for loud music but they have it so loud that you can't even here your buddy next to you talk. Drinks are about average for the strip (around 8$) but thats if you can get to the bar. The girls are cute but definitely second rate by las vegas standards. Also if you throw a 10 or 20 dollar bill on the bar don't expect change. Might be fun for tourists on like a tuesday or something (locals don't bother).
1	BUST! I was talked into going over to this joint instead of going to bed, gee thanks guys! I felt as I was trying to get into some classy club by having to stand in line and get past several bouncers at the door. Luckily I did get a 50% discount coupon from a promoter in the casino and got in for five bucks. Once inside, it was elbow to elbow trying to get to the bar. The music was so LOUD communication was impossible even by yelling and the use of hand signals. The main entertainment was a bunch of drunk girls trying to be sexy dancing on the bar while a sea of guys watched in awe. Gimmie a break! One of the CU girls would periodically get up on the bar and do a scheduled singing performance (apparently at gunpoint!) and entice more women to get up on the bar and perform. Bring your hearing protection!!! Free shots were given to the "performers" to lube them up. So ladies, if you shop at Walmart, live in a mobile home, or are just too cheap to buy a decent drink, this is the place for you!
2	I was only slightly surprised when I pulled this place up to find it was a one and a half star establishment. I really think the low rating is attributed to the fact that people are hyped up expecting a bar like the one from the movie...Sorry ladies and gents, this place is a pseudodive-bar located by a casino entrance...dead give away to what you really can expect. The bar itself is nothing special. Its extremely overcrowded with men and pretty much the only place you can find girls is on stage or behind the bar. I can see why this would be disappointing because its like a strip club with everyone scantily clad yet showing absolutely nothing interesting...Moreover, the only people who get "free shots" (like in the movie) are the girls who actually get up on stage...I figure this is how they keep girls around long enough to lure more men into the place. OH but there are usually people standing around passing out free admission/no cover passes by the elevator like 15 feet away...so look for that if you wanna just go in and check it out!
2	While roaming the strip on our unplanned night in Sin City, we were convinced to go into Coyote Ugly by a promoter giving out free admission passes.As a bar fueled by the movie, Coyote Ugly is a bar full of 35 year old men drowning in their own drool as women dance on top of a bar.  Dancers get free shots straight out the bottle while fueling the sea of 35 year old bones.  So unless you enjoy dancing with a bunch of dudes (I know i don't)while watching girls shake it like you ain't gonna get it (because really, you arn't), then move on to better things.
2	Way cheesy, way corny... We went to New York New York thinking that this place was going to be a good spot to just drop by... Man.. were we wrong..You get in there, and the place is actually very tiny, and it's set up just like any typical bar. The left hand side had the performing female bartenders lip singing and dancing to the music playing. And the right hand side had a small bar where a girl was serving. The girls work on getting the crowd hype, but it wasn't working for many of my friends and I. We did have a few drink coupons and we danced a little and tried to make the best of it. The girls doing their job tried to stay enthusiastic, but I could tell they didn't particularly like their job when I saw their facial expressions sometimes. But hey, I feel for them. It definitely does not look easy.The thing that turned me off the most about this place was the groups of girls they let on top of the bar. There was a group of 5 or 6 girls dancing on the bartops (I'm guessing it was a bachelorette or birthday party) who were extremely unattractive and they started dancing like they were hot strippers or something... It was kinda gross when the bartenders started pouring liquor down their throats and watching it drip off of their drunk, sweaty faces... And I don't wanna be mean or anything, but they reminded me of the groups of girls in "Shallow Hal". I kept thinking of that movie during the time, but it did make me chuckle. Now.. I'm not trying to be a jerk because everyone is entitled to have some fun.. but to potentially scare off clients? Just a bad business move in my opinion.After about an hour or less of hanging out there, we left. I wouldn't really recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas because to be quite honest, I think it kinda kills the Vegas vibe.
1	This was NOT a fun experience! I sucked it up and went knowing I didn't really want to go, but when I got there my low expectations did not change. The bar was so small and so packed that you couldn't move. People were spilling their drinks all over eachother and the dancers were spraying water into the crowd with a hose. I was there for 10 mintues and I had been drenched with the water hose three times!! The third time was unexpected and the spray of water hit me square in the eye and stung so bad I thought I lost my contact and might have to see a doctor.I told the bouncer and he did not care. I ended up leaving with my makeup streaming down my face and my new expensive top clinging to me soaking wet.Bad business, I DO NOT recommend.
5	Okay, so pretty much everyone that put that this place sucked needs to pull the stick out of their ass. If you watch the movie and pay attention to the "bar" part you will see that its pretty much the same. If you are looking for a "club" then you will be disappointed. This isn't a club it is a freaking bar. Hello, its called Coyote Ugly SALOON! Its not a club and never claims to be one. As for the girl that got water in her face, that does suck but in the movie they spray people with water. The girls they don't want people who are serious and can't just enjoy things. As for the guy that talked about girls going up on the bar and dancing and trying to be "sexy" is an insult. The girls that go up there, including myself, aren't trying to be anything. Half of them are trashed and don't realize what they are doing (kinda the point) and the others are buzzed trying to have a good time.I guess I am one of the few people that went there that went trying to have a good time. Not someone that was expecting shit, and got just that. When you go to a place like Coyote Ugly be hyped up to begin with and you'll have a great time. If you go expecting it to be crappy then that is the kind of time you will have. But you can say that about any place. Point is Coyote Ugly was tons of fun and will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Meh =Indifference; one simply does not care.  I did feel bad (just a bit) for Rose from Ireland who apparently came in not expecting to be called out by the female bartenders.  When she did not want to come over to take a free shot straight from an upended bottle she got a lecture on the finer points of...acts of...oral...uh...broadcast over the sound system and ran out of the saloon with the crowd chanting "Rose!...Rose!"Oh well.  Welcome to Vegas.Keep in mind this is really just a wannabe rowdy-raunchy bar and not a hip dance club.
3	I've always wanted to go to a Coyote Ugly ever since I was a young girl and saw the movie. I always wanted to go up and dance on the bar and twirl a bunch of bottles at once. Well in Vegas anything is possible, but when i looked over at the small bar space they give us regular girls to try and shake it on I got discouraged. Umm, 20 girls drunk girls, one small space... no thanks. I don't want to fall off and land in a crowd of drooling guys. I got a long island iced tea, the bartender flipped over 7 bottles in between her fingers and made my drink in under 10 sec ! crazy! It was an okay place to visit but keep moving, not a place to spend all nite @
1	Ugh.  This place sucks.  No wonder they don't charge a cover before 10:30 p.m. or else no one would even go in.  The Coyote Ugly girls are awful.  The MC had the most ear piercing voice and even worse singing voice.  The typical too-big girls dancing on the bar, followed by over priced drinks and drunk assholes.  What really turned me off was some sort of "sexy" water thing they were trying to do - ala Flashdance.  The water flew across the bar onto my done up hair and my friend's expensive dress.  WTF?  If I knew I was going to get dirty bar water on me, I would have skipped it all together.  Save your time, save your money, go to Diablo Cantina.
1	If there was less than one star I would give it... Yes I have seen the movie and yes I get that is what they are attempting to capture... however it seems that all of the girls at this 'real life' bar are attempting to capture the 'Bitch' character. I you are going to dance on the bar than dance. DO NOT just walk around yelling on the microphone. If you are going so sing along then SIGN ALONG... DO NOT just yell the words into the microphone. I appreciate that they want to make an experience for people by inviting girls onto the bar to dance... however... I did not come there to watch a drunk bachelorette and here entire wedding party shake it on the bar for like 30 minutes... Bring them up... make a scene and get on with the show...This place sucked horribly and I stongly discourage anyone from going there.
3	Me and my friends all got in free since I guess we were pretty good lookin. I give it a 3 for that. 1 star for the music. How are you supposed to dance up on a bar to Fall Out Boy?! Really right now?! Come on. Hah. Oh well. The bartender working there was sortof a bitch and not very friendly. I give it a 1 for that. Overall, it wasn't the worst but wasn't the best.
1	Yeah this place is horrible. I was there on my last night in Vegas and had absolutely no fun here. Paying $5.00 just to come here, what the fuck!!!! Also, I thought the one here in NY was a bad spot. The one in Vegas is worse. -Tourist trap central. I wasn't tryin to just throw money away so that was that. I did buy one $7.00 Corana. The Coyotes are apparently hotter in New York location than the one over there.
3	It's not as bad as everyone on here makes it sound. It could have been the fact that I was drunk when I got there or it might have helped that I got in for free, but I had a good time. I think people's problem with it is that they are used to the big fancy clubs in Vegas and this is pretty much just a bar that has a stage up front where any chicks can go dance. There was a granny up there who had to have been at least sixty-five. Personally, that cracked me up lol. If you're looking for just a place to chill for a little bit and have some drinks, then its a good spot. If you're there to see and be seen and wear your fanciest attire...this is NOT the spot. Yes, it is a tourist trap...but aren't most of you tourists anyway?
1	"Put some f***ing money in the jukebox if you don't like the music. Why aren't you as*holes dancing?   My friend and I are walking in Coyote Ugly as we hear from skinny skanky girl with the black raccoon eyes screaming in the microphone. Every other word was the f -bomb.   Are you kidding me??? Seriously, people seemed to be leaving faster than they were coming in. Sound system was bad, atmosphere was too bright, too cheesy...No thanks, I will stick with the movie.This place isn't even worth one star but I have to give it something in order for my review to post.
2	I liked the movie Coyote Ugly, but I definitely didn't want to be in it. True to scenes from the movie, the girls here definitely have some personality and, especially, ATTITUDE. I clearly remember when me and my friends walked in we were welcomed with a..."LOOK! THE ASIAN INVASION JUST WALKED IN!"I guess my group kind of stood out. It was funny, but not funny enough for us to stay.This rough and rowdy bar scene was just not for us. It's a total change around compared to all the ridiculously decked out clubs on The Strip. This place is way too dark and has WAY too much yelling. Not my idea of a good night. If I want to be yelled at, I'll go pick a fight with my parents. Come here if you want to spend some time at that neighborhood bar like the one you have back home, but if you want something a little more refined, go anywhere else on The Strip.
1	We were looking for something to do and I thought Coyote Ugly - that would be fun! Just like the movie, right? UM wrong! Thank goodness there was no cover. If you're extremely determined to go, look for the guy passing out free admission cards outside NYNY. When we walked in it was crowded and there's really no place to go. We decided to hang towards the back. At least we could avoid the random spraying of water over there. There was some random country song playing and a bunch of girls up on the little bar area dancing their butts off. Am I supposed to know this whackass country song? Because everyone else in the room seemed to have it memorized. Can we get these girls off the stage because I don't remember any fat, manly looking coyotes in the movie. OR some advice to those who decide to go up there. Please don't wear a skirt. For the love of God, please don't. So finally they kick the girls off so that the official coyotes can do their little dance. It was cute and entertaining. 5 minutes later - back to the fatties. Ugh, see yea coyote ugly. I've had enough.Why oh why did I not think to check Yelp before coming here?!?!
2	When my friends and I were going to Vegas in May, we were so excited that we decided to leave early. I mean, really early. We headed out around 2 AM, with no traffic and after a few stops, we made it to our destination just before 8 AM. The first thing we did was get some breakfast. After about an hour, we realized that we had nothing to do cause we couldn't check into our room until 12 PM. So, naturally, we grabbed some beers and started wandering around the strip. We ended up in the NY NY, and saw that the Coyote Ugly had the yard long margaritas. I got one, I forget the flavor, but it was the red one and the orange one mixed in together. I think it was like $30 with $9 refills, I think...Now, I'm not sure if it was the 5 or so beers I had drank prior to this, or the lack of sleep, or the heat, but when it was finally time to check into our room, I was pretty tanked. I never made it back to get my refill though, which sucks. And I didn't go to the club part of Coyote Ugly either, cause I could tell just by looking at it, that it was not gonna be a good time.
1	My sister and I were so excited getting ready for this place, with our already purchased tickets. Rushing out the door, running into the Taxi, scurrying to the door of the casino and through the casino floor, to the line of Coyote Ugly. Too much cheese and I'm not talking mozzarella. I am talking cheese as in CHEESY! We get inside and it looked like we were in a little bar in the middle of Texas with the population of 100. There was a girl standing on the bar that was skinnier then one of the Olsen Twins. She was screaming and cussing at the crowd as if she was cute! OMG Horrible! Everyone was standing around looking at her like she was crazy. We walked in and turned right back around. We spent more time in the line trying to get out the door than the line to get in! We couldn't get out of there fast enough! BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!
2	The only reason I am giving this place two stars is because the door guy came to the back of the line and allowed my group to breeze past to the front and pay half price. They played the same fifteen songs over and over, the chick workers that were up on the stage screamed and sang into the microphone and it was horrific, there was no way anyone was getting a drink in the bar and sweat was literally pouring down my face and I was barely moving.I'm kind of embarrassed to admit I even went here.
3	This place is cool if you are not looking to hook with anyone as the guys that you find at this bar are real tools.  However, if you are there for a girls trip, like I was, it was perfect and a great time.  The only real bad thing was that the bathrooms were downstairs in the casino!  I was really stoked when I got to dance on the bar it was the best part of the night!  They will also give you free shots!  If you are looking for scene away from the overcrowded dance clubs then this is the place for you!  I know that I will be going back real soon, for sure!
1	This was the first Vegas club/lounge I went to... and boy, was it a forgettable one. Firstly, the venue is packed with guys... with an occasional woman here and there, however, since there is no dance area really, the herds of men shower the bar area while the few women stand on the outside of the watering hole that are the main bars. The Guy-girl ratio was a good 15-1... not my type of venue. Coyote Ugly also draws in an older crowd (which is okay, but not for someone who just turned 21). The music was not very good and our entertainment consisted of bar tenders dancing on bar tops and encouraging middle-aged women to do something "crazy" like dancing on a bar top. Conversely, the herds of men watch and watch and watch for something crazy to happen... and nothing ever does. I don't see how this place could be satisfying for men or women. The only niche I see for Coyote Ugly is drawing in a middle-aged crowd seeking to get away from the pretentious Vegas scene and be in a venue where you will not really be bothered. Unless that is your scene, expect to be bored out of your mind.
2	Well, the staff are hot. And it's awesome that they were offering free mouth shots of whatever berry liquor that was. But the atmosphere was really lame. I can't really describe it any better or in any further detail. It just blew.But like someone else said, maybe I'm just used to the classier spots in Vegas night life. But most bars everywhere don't treat themselves like clubs...
1	Whether or not you'll enjoy this place will depend entirely on what you're looking for. If the 15-person group I was with hadn't been staying at NY NY (where this bar is located) for a bachelor/bachelorette weekend, we probably would never have decided to go to Coyote Ugly. That said, though, we all wanted to get some drinks and do some dancing so we kept open minds about what we might encounter when we showed up around 11:45. First off, I'm pretty sure they stack the lines outside to make the place look more hopping to those cruising by than it actually is. The bouncer said he'd let the girls in free without waiting in lines if the guys each paid a 10 buck cover, or we could all wait and pay 5. Nice ladies we are, we took the latter option. Regardless, we only had to wait 5 minutes and the 5 bucks seemed like a drop in the bucket in the grand scheme of a Vegas vacation. Once in, we soon found out that drinks, were way overpriced (even he nightly "specials" they offered were far worse than other places we visited in the hotel and in other nearby casinos) and the atmosphere was exaggeratedly cheesy and fake -- the place is meant to be a "replica" of the original Coyote Ugly Saloon in New York City, I think, but the whole thing just comes off looking like a brand new, run-of-the-mill dance bar trying to pretend it's a unique, well-worn, eclectic dive. The inauthentic surroundings would have been easy enough to get past, though, if it weren't for the fact that this wasn't a great place to dance either. Atop the far end of a long bar on one side of the room there were some wasted female patrons dancing up a messy, awkward storm. One of the bartenders frequently hopped on a microphone to tell everyone about drink specials, but whatever she was saying was largely indecipherable, which brings me to the issue of music..... When I'm going out for a night of dancing, especially in a place like Las Vegas, I definitely don't expect to love every song that comes on. The problem here was that even when the occasional crowd-pleaser did find its way into the playlist, it literally lasted less than 30 seconds. They seemed to be just letting some pre-packaged dj blend run all night, and whatever the playlist was, it only included snippets of each song. So even when all of us in the crowd were REALLY feeling something that came on (which was rare to begin with), we only got to revel in the enjoyment for mere seconds before we could hear something else looping in. As if there were more things that could have been unfortunate about this place, they take a strong liking to spraying bottles of water on the crowd without warning and pulling hammered girls from the crowd on stage to provide cringe-worthy fodder for future YouTube videos. I'll reiterate that if you don't want to have any conversations with anyone , are in the mood to dance in a small space, don't care about being sprayed with water and having to watch drunk Vegas chicks dance like they're hot shit, and are at NY NY anyways, this might be your place....but that's a long list of "ifs." Bottom line: don't go out of your way to make it here because you'll likely end up disappointed and with soaked clothing, sore feet, and ears ringing with the sounds of crappy music.
1	The bar was pretty lame. I was expecting lots of dancers on the bar -but they only had one gal on the bar doing lame dance moved and screaming really loudly in the mic.I would have never went there if it was not because of the free shots and free entry. The bar was one tiny room with lots of ugly old guys rocking out to bad music. I was expecting it to be much better.The shots were actually yummy and the drinks were ok too.
1	I really didnt like this place at all! I came here last month and I really didnt like the ambiance. There were a lot of manly lesbians and older people. I guess I'm not a beer drinking, boot-wearing kinda girl. I also hated the water throwing thing!! I mean ok i get that its like the movie,  but it was like an every 15 minute thing! I hate the male bartender here too. ugh...bryan is his name he's a jerk and a thief who stole me and my friends cell phones and things, including money. So if you have other options, i recommend you go somewhere else, even if it's studio 54, which im not very fond of either.
3	Only nice to have a drink before going out but it's a shame to wait 30mn to get in there and pay a cover... just to see a bunch on bacholerette girls getting shot on stage. You do it only once...
1	tiny Mormon gymnasium (hardwood floor, tiny crowded space with corners curtained off, no decorations really)crowdfulls of drunk stupid girls and creepy guys that do nothing but stand and stare at the meat of the day (the "dancers" or really just MC girls in sports bra and jeans shaking their asses/abs on-stage shouting "who wants pussy juice?")bimbo bartenders. "vodka soda" is interpreted as "vodka tonic" or "vodka/sprite" or "vodka soda". it's up to the bartender, it seems.and what closes at 2 AM in vegas? and that's okAnd I got roofied, I think.Crowd is shit, the music blows, and the girls that work here are stupid. I am not sure why anyone would go here. Are you desperate and haven't gotten any action in years or something? Maybe this is the only place you feel like you could see some skin?
2	This place is located inside the New York New York, so on a night we didn't have reservations my husband and I decided to check it out. There always seems to be a big line to get in there, so be prepared to wait. And make sure you pick up one of the free entry cards they're always handing out, cause I wouldn't want to pay to get in there. Or if you happen to pick up a frozen drink from the bar next door, the receipt will get you in for free. It's incredibly tiny, and they pack so many people in there that it's incredibly uncomfortable. The drinks are somewhat overpriced, and it's just not any fun. I say skip it and go elsewhere. There's a Coyote Ugly on Denver's 16th Street Mall that I greatly prefer.
1	This place is an absolute dump.Even as a guy, I feel sorry for the girls who, regrettably, think it's a good decision to go here as part of a bachelorette party. It is FILLED with fat, nasty, sketchy dudes in their 50's who will salivate over any girl in their 20's. As a guy, the bartenders there are absolutely nothing to get excited about. Many bars in big cities - not to mention nearly every bar/club in Vegas - will have much hotter bartenders than those who work here. They're in really good shape - mostly because they're forced to dance all evening - but that's about it.Bachelor party, Bachelorette party, regular party, or for any other reason - just stay away from here. We got free admission passes AND buy one-get one free drink passes, and I still thought going there was big waste of time.
5	This is the BAR that is in NY NY casino on Tropicana. For all those peeps that want a CLUB, this is not a place for you. All these bad reviews is due to people looking probably for a club. That said, this is a great bar!Yes there is a line if you get there after 10:30pm but here are the secrets for success in getting in with out waiting in line or paying.1. Get there before 10pm, i would say 9pm, and there will be no cover and u  get a stamp which will get you in anytime that night. You may come and go when you please.2. Get the line pass cards that the guys hand out by the escalators or outside and use them when in line. If you are a hot group of girls, keep these cards and walk to the front of the line... BUT KEY WORD IS "HOT"..Inside you will find some HOT Coyote Dancers on the bar, and you will also find on a weekend tourist girls dancing on the bar. If you are a guy its a good place to people watch and if you are a chick you will get FREE shots if you dance on stage.So use these secrets and just enjoy a BAR not a club...a good place to start off the night
2	I was actually excited about going to this Saloon. I loved the movie and I imagined this was going to be just as good. I was disappointed. There was a long queue to get in, it was comp because we managed to grab a comp card off one of the girls giving them out outside. The place was just not my scene at all. To be honest it was a couple of years ago so I'm a bit hazy on the details but I know I didn't like it. The music was pretty terrible, the girls dancing on the bar were just your ordinary fat girl, and it didn't smell too good in there!We didn't stay for long. We actually went to another bar afterwards, I'm quite annoyed I don't remember the name because it was a very classy place!
1	This place is awful.  Handing out free tickets then charging $5 at the door was classy with a capital K.  Having the meathead door man give us attitude was unacceptable.  Walking into the bar to see everyone standing around watching the drunk plumber cracked girls on the dance floor flounder around was pathetic.  However listening to the so called bar dancers scream into the mikes was more than I could take.  I ran away screaming.
2	I'd like to say me and my friends were already drunk when we decided to go here, but unfortunately that wasn't the case.   So the bartenders dance on the bar and pour shots into the mouths of girls who also get up on the bar and dance.   Maybe I'm getting too old for this, but the music was annoying, the girls weren't that attractive (except for the bartenders, who were pretty cute), and the place was packed with dudes.  I mean, I know I was in town the same weekend as CES and AVN, but there would be less sausage at a hot dog eating contest.    I guess it's supposed to be kind of a dive bar and all, but if you want to get your drink on without going to a fancy club in Vegas, go hit up someplace like Rockhouse instead.
2	A monday night in vegas, so expectations were low but... wow...We went into NYNY for a vendor meeting, and were given free admission to coyote ugly by a promoter outside. So we went in.Not only was it a sausage fest (not one girl in the place other than the bartenders), but the only people dancing were two dudes... WRONG.
1	creepy guys, gets really crowded and hot, no bathroom in bar, you have to go downstairs in the casino. they bring the girls on stage to give you shots from the communal shot bottle...they were extremely watered down, tasted like straight kool aid. the men when i went were older, creepers looking for a good time and will probably be calling the phone number from the whore cards they get from the strip when every other girl rejects them. you know the type...they stand with their arms crossed, staring at women with a weird grin. pricey drinks and rude bartenders. luckily we got in free because i sure as heck wouldn't pay for this place.
5	This review is for the bar outside of the club. I always look forward to coming here every time I go to Las Vegas. We went here shortly after landing and it didn't disappoint. $17 well spent. I got their pina colada 32 oz....heaven! I will continue to come back, I love it here. They have a great selection of alcoholic Slurpee's as I call them. I have yet to have a bad drink here. I also introduced a friend of mine to this place and she agreed, very tasty! Looking forward to drinking at Coyote Ugly when I return!
3	When my friends and I entered Coyote Ugly in Vegas, the first thing that impressed me quite a bit was the hanging bras displayed near the right side wall facing the dance floor and some hanging on top of the dance floor. Made me think, "Wow, they're really taking it off!" LOLI only gave three stars coz I see it as "okay" of a place. I was not blown away. Too many drunk women (and that's bad?) being loud and full of non-sense. Of course there were weird looking men with that around. I guess my mood at that time was bleckh. I was mostly people-watching and hardly drinking. I didn't want to be drunk with that particular crowd that night. At least dancing was good.
1	I walked in and out in about 3 minutes. Small, crowded, low class and the only hot girl there was my wife. Don't bother.
4	I think there should be a separate Yelp listing for the Coyote Ugly Daiquiri bar located right outside of the club.  I would care less about the club honestly (they even gave me free admission with the receipt of my drink), but I come to this stand in New York New York for one thing... A 48oz. BOOT FULL OF ALCOHOLIC SMOOTHIEWhen you're in Vegas, you NEED to get a novelty drink.  Unlike Fat Tuesday stands which typically close at midnight, this bar is open 24 hours, so feel free to stock up on some delicious drinks on the go at all times of the night.Feeling a boot?  Just want a big ugly stick?  Whatever it is, they have it here.  I opted for the hurricane fruit punch combo with 151, and an orange smoothie that contained shots of everclear.  Costs range from $12-$18, but well worth it my friends.Also, if it's your birthday, you'll get a comp free shot of 151!  Good times for reals.
3	This is an ok spot... We had some drinks before coming here so that might have made it more fun. The highlight here is dancing on top of the bar with the dancers and getting some shots. One thing I liked is that they don't discriminate, all type of people of all shapes, looks, etc are welcomed to dance and be a part of it all. Tip - leave this club for a "slow night" in Vegas, or gp early in the night, on your way to another club.  We had fun but didn't stay long...
1	Lame and overrated. Awkward effort by the girls on the microphone. Low energy and tacky.
3	You get what you pay for here. $10 cover. Depending on the night and/or the dj, the music could have a fair amount of country or it could be more focused on top 40. Yes, they have women dancing on the bars. It's mostly employees, but there are also a fair amount of patrons as well. $10 cover. More guys than gals. Late 20's to late 30's, I guess.Overall, though, just not that exciting.
5	I always enjoy coming here.  Good music, the girls always do a good job of getting everyone involved and having a good time.  Plus they have a good happy hour with 2 for 1 drinks and $2 drafts from 6-9 pm.  Cheap beer, good music, fun atmosphere, and good looking women on the bars.
2	Nothing like the Movie so please don't think that.Know before you GO: There is at least a $5 to $10 cover, the music is from a JukeBox or if there is a DJ - but its mostly a SING-A-Long and Crowd Participation so be prepared to be picked on!Overall:  It was LAME. The only cool things I expected from CU, were the hanging bras from the ceiling and FREE Shots for the Ladies. Me and my husband were there for 15 minutes and then walked out. We had much more fun and excitement at the Dueling Piano Bar.Save your money and go to Hooters Casino instead. They may not dance on the bar, but more Girls to look at and better surroundings with no cover charge.
3	Fun, but trashy at the same time. My only advice, be prepared to get sprayed. It's really just an OK  place, but if you want to try something new and different in Vegas, I'd say check it out. Oh, and go before 9pm as there is no cover...
2	HAHA to this place cause it was a joke. If your a perv or a western twang, this is a perfect place for  you!Stayed about 15 min and had to bounce. We looked waaaaay to nice LOL. For the suckers who have paid to get in this joint, I feel bad!(BTW, the "free shots for ladies" are in the mixed bottles in the hands of the girls! bottoms up!)
2	Looking for a fun, cheap time. Go to Coyote Ugly! The girls do a great job of involving the WHOLE crowd in the dancing and singing along. If you feel like you're gonna fall asleep, don't worry, water WILL get splashed in your face. It's a $10 cover and if you ladies are looking for some "free shots" they're not really free, you have to get up there and dance for them. So if that's yo style.. Drinks were reasonably priced, if you can get up to the bar. I got annoyed at the water being thrown in my face and having to duck, at the drunkos pushing me around, at the fact that there was no place to sit and at the guys infront of us that kept farting (You're not gonna attract any ladies like that boys) Ughh..but that wasn't Coyote Ugly's fault. So pretty much I stared at the back of mens heads as they drooled over the women dancing ontop of the bar. $10 for that shiz?....PASSSSSS!
1	This place is horrible. Its one of those places that you think could be fun because of the movie. The idea is good, but the only people dancing on the bars our the audience. You can't just have your patrons dance. Something professional would be nice.
3	Located on the 2nd floor of inside NY, NY hotel. There is a $10 cover for guys but any groups of girls get in for free. Drinks were pretty crazy with $7 import beers and $16 JagerBombs. There is a small stage and waitresses and entertainers dance on. They often let other girls dance on there too. It's a pretty small place with an older crowd and mostly guys. Nonetheless, it had high energy and it was pretty fun.
1	BOOOO This place was WACK/WEAK/CORNY/BORING/etc etc The bouncer dude at the door had major attitude & rolled his eyes at us for not leaving out of the exit door instead of the entrance door. You would think l he was bouncing for a club that had a real importance or something. Dude your bouncing at a chick bar in a hotel get over urself Walked in place was dead & so were the girls, well the three girls that were there & that's including the bartender who had a major attitude as well. Really in this empty dump you should be happy someone even walked in there Drinks were overpriced w/the next drink free promotion but the odds of anyone staying in there must've been the catch. The place was so boring we did not even stay for a second drink as a matter of fact we left out with the first drink in hand & headed somewhere else The girl on the mic was annoying & supposedly some bad ass shit talker but more like some annoying chick that you wish would just STFU & let me enjoy my overpriced drink The crowd was about 10 old men & 1 old granny that was at the bar getting alcohol poured into her mouth,that's how bad it was you know it's bad when you see granny with a fanny pack on getting tequila poured down her throat.. Yea umm ok time to go for sure now
1	Awful, rude service. They told us they open at 6pm. At 6:10, the (2nd) rude bouncer said they needed a line and would open when they felt like it. We wanted to stop in on our way to a show and spend our money with them. (we have a group of 7). Too bad. Terrible service is such a turnoff. Without going into further detail, Kevin is EXTREMELY unprofessional.
3	Totally not what you see in the movie "Coyote Ugly" but it was alright being that it was free to get in, there was no line and there were free shots for chicks. I was a bit suprised how fast the free shots were coming around, and I thought it tasted good (some kind of vodka) but I was bumed there were only two chicks on the bar. They were constantly on the mic trying to pump up the crowd and I thought they did a good job. They even let drunken chicks up on the bar to dance a few songs. Anyway it was okay - but I was bummed it wasn't like the movie. There were no guys in there except ones that were legit. It is okay if you wanna get on the bar drunk and dance, but it was entertaining for a little while.
2	Wow!  This place was kind of embarrassing.  It was so bad and not a happening place.  I happened to go there because two coworkers wanted to go in.  I can't believe people would pay to get in here.  We did not.  The only good thing is that they serve American Honey shots at a good price.  If you like to see a crowd that goes from 21-99 years old then this place is kind of cool.   For you!!  Not me.  I am not super into 60-70 year olds getting all freaky.  Kind of a joke.  Might be cool for some though.  Have fun.
1	Pure sausage fest! My girls and I had just walked into New York-New York and this man approached us about getting into Coyote Ugly without having to pay cover and getting free shots (for ladies). I cooly walked away only to be dragged back by my friends who were attracted by the "free shots." Mind you, it was 6PM, but hey, I'm always down for some free liquor. Unsurprisingly, there was no line at the door. We were in and out within 10 minutes because it was so boring/dead in there. The place was embarrassingly empty. And, I have nothing against the elderly, but a lot of the patrons were older than us. Hey, if you're down with that, that's cool, but I was hoping for a younger crowd. As for the free drinks, you'd have to approach the bar and have one of the bartenders who was standing on the bar pour it into your mouth. No thanks! What a waste of time! Don't be fooled by the man standing at the entrance of New York-New York passing out wristbands for this place. You're welcome, I just saved you from wasting your time.
3	First off, this place is not a club. It's a bar, so treat it accordingly. Personally, I had fun, but I did not expect much either. Maybe it was an exception of a night, but it seemed like everyone was having a good time here. We got in for happy hour, $2 beer, 2for1 on drinks and no cover, and decided to stay longer. The girls on stage kept pouring free shots for the ladies and even the guys, most girls in the place could get up on stage and dance and a few girls left their bras on their trophy ceiling. The place was pretty full but not packed and it was a pretty young crowd. The music could have been better, but then again for a while they utilize the jukebox, so it's up to the patrons what is played. Lots of Sweet Home Alabama and 80s kind of stuff.
3	I feel bad for rating TAO the same as Coyote Ugly but at the same time Coyote Ugly is a bar and Tao is a club.Anyways, my friends and I had sooo much fun at this place. It's free for girls (guys had to pay like $5 or something). The crowd is kinda older, and I remember seeing way more men than women, but the best part was that girls could go on top of the bar and dance up there whenever you want. It is definitely not like the movie though. The women who did dance on top of the bar were hot, and gave out free shots, but they did not do a choreographed dance number like Tyra Banks and those other girls. Haha. Hell no H2O! The music was good, and my friends and I just really had a great drunken time.
4	We found this place after walking around and seeing this short guy carry around this huge margarita around his neck.We stopped and asked and he said COYOTE UGLY @ NEW YORK NEW YORK.We went into New York (x2) and asked some guy who gave us girls these wristbands to enter the Saloon for free. They did a somewhat good job in trying to duplicate coyote ugly.. The singer was great however, thats not what we were there for.  (oh they give shots straight from the bottle so if you're in the front and lucky you get shots poured in your mouth..)After asking the bar tender we were told it was on the outside bar and that's where we went.33 for 100oz margarita.. mmm hehe. I'm not much of a scene girl so you can tell I was itching to get out of there but it was an interesting area :P
3	The Coyote Ugly at the New York New York was one of the best stops my crew and I made during our trip to Vegas. Where else on a Monday night, just before midnight, are you going to find a club/bar with a cheap cover that happens to be packed with beautiful girls who are there as patrons and not as employed eye candy? This place was a fun location to people watch, dance with our ladies and other hotties and have a enjoyable evening. My only complaint is that is closed at 2:00am. Really? Clubs really close in Vegas at 2am? Well then, it was time for new adventures!
3	This was my second time here in two years and had I been on Yelp a while back, my review would have been higher.  So Im averaging out the two visits.  Yelp doesn't offer half stars (yet), so I'll be generous and give it three stars.We decided early before our trip that we'd hit this place.  My buddy's girlfriend had not been here and my he, my girlfriend and myself pumped this place up to be the coolest thing on the strip..  I know.  So it's about  7PM and we make our way into NYNY and just by chance, one of their guys happens to see us and ask us "hey guys, want free drinks and access into Coyote Ugly?"  Of course we do.. even though it really doesnt mean anything since they dont charge before 9PM.We show up and there's already about 6 people in line ahead of us.  Eh.. not a big deal. We're inside in about 5min max.  Since it's NASCAR weekend, I notice a lot of older nascar folk filling the place.  I was shocked the place was already this packed so early.    We quickly squeeze through the crowd and there's two girls there shouting on the mic to play their nightly drinking game. I dont remember their names because they dont tell anyone, but one was a white girl with dark hair and the other very fit black girl with long hair.  Both not too bad.  Id give them a 6 on a scale.. We all stand there, order a few drinks and for the next couple hours, just watch them do games and play bad music.  I suddently realized how bored I was and remembered how much more fun it was the first time.  I guess the only interesting thing here was when they had this one girl take her bra off and hurl it to the ceiling to be stuck, everyone joined in.  But after 50 or so tosses and no luck it gold old too.  Finally some blond threw it and made it up.  Through out the course of the time there, two managed to spill beer on us.  Good times..  I was bored and and so were my friends.  We took off after just a few hours.  I remember the first time we all went, they had about 5 girls all over the place, dancing, the music was rockin.  The place felt like it did in the movie.  I guess we'll try Rok next time.. but Im hearing that isnt even that great.
1	Oh HELL NO!! It had been at least 5 years since I'd been in here last...ugh a few beers at Nine Fine and my old age allowed me to forget how bad this place completely sucks! It is an absolute train wreck. Instantly after walking in I felt the urge to leave but couldn't seem to muster up the strength. This was in part due to being crammed in this crap hole like sardines and also due to the sickening instinct to stick around and find out if the girls running the mic could say anything more stupid. Like many of the other reviews note, these girls are terrible. They'll shout just about anything possible in an attempt to get some sort of response from the crowd. One snippet went something like this, "Who likes country music? Who likes rock music? Who likes rap?" Seriously? Who likes red crayons? Words can't explain how amped up I was when 10 people from the crowd made a half hearted attempt to express their love for rock music. Finally after about a 1/2 hour of this shenanigans, being sprayed with water (I hope it was water) from the gun, watching go-go girls that should just go home, we left. The absolute relief was like finding $40 in a pair of shorts you haven't worn since last summer. Steer clear my friend, steer clear!
3	Oh what the hell. I hope that when I'm 80 years old I can still shake a tail feather without breaking it, and hike my fanny on up to the stage. Heck, I'm gonna love not giving a shit what the young whipper-snappers think.The place was packed on the weeknight the oldman and I stopped by. I really wanted to just chug down my diet coke and skedaddle my ass on out of there.  But, the little old lady on the stage, who just celebrated a birthday was just too cute... so we stayed for a few more minutes. Yeah, it's that kind of place...
5	CATEGORY 5 HURRICANES....You have to try one of these....they are the BEST!!!!
3	Yes, another Vegas tourist trap.New York, New York is an awesome sight to see but I'd say avoid Coyote Ugly simply for the fact that beers are $7.00 bucks.  But hey, it is a very female friendly bar.  My girl got a bunch of free shots.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. The place is small and over crowded. It seems like all they care about is getting you to be foolish enough to pay the $10 cover and could care less if you have a good time. Got a small 8oz draft and decided to switch to rum and coke. Big mistake, it was all coke and a splash of some cheap ass rum. This place is bullshit and I should have never fell for it. Don't make the same mistake as my friends and I.
3	Expensive beers and many elder people!!! But this looks pretty clean and the cocktail staff is pretty nice!!
1	Thank god I got in for free because this place was beyond lame. There was two coyote girls dancing and the rest were drunk girls and a drunk mom on the stage. There was a girl screaming into the mic the whole time. So annoying. The only cool thing was all the bras hanging from the ceiling. Mostly guys in here too being creepy and staring at the girls.
2	I went there for the first time about 7 years ago and had a much better experience.  This time is was heavy on the UGLY and not worth the free cover we got.
4	Not sure why this place has such bad reviews. If you're going to the strip expect to pay for, just as if you were going to Times Square in NYC. Just how it is. The play a variety of music and girls get free shots if they dance on the bar. FUN! Cover is really cheap. $5 bucks for tourists.. can you beat that???I've never had a bad time here and I'm a local. If you're bored on a Wednesday or Thursday, hit this place up!
2	Ladies free before 1:00AM to get in, and cheap drinks. I didn't really like it because the music that's playing is from the jukebox and not everyone has great taste. I'm not really a slow RnB person when it comes to shaking it and that's what we got. The country wasn't too bad (not a country person) but at least it was danceable. This is just not really my scene. Maybe someone elses....
3	Yes, this place is a tourist trap.  But, is'nt that what you expect from a bar on the strip.  There is a cover to get in and the drinks are expensive.  Again, it's Las Vegas on the strip in New York New York hotel.  And, if you're here you are probably on vacation, so suck it up.  Coyote Ugly is a great concept.  They have scantily dressed bar girls who dance on table tops and ecourages female customers to come up and dance too.  The woman brave enough or drunk enough to get up on tables get free shots.  Trust me, with multiple woman dancing and drinking, it makes for quite the party atmosphere.  With the women, music and drinks it's hard not to have a good time.  It was'nt my favorite place in Las Vegas, but it was cool.
4	Well, I had an amazing time! Coyote Ugly was a unique interactive experience and I got shwasted on $8. Non-stop free shots and games for those who dare (although I had to donate my bra which I loved for losing a game of flip-cup) and a fun CASUAL social scene. The girls were fun and peppy, but not-over-the-top or bitchy. I would seriously recommend this for any Vegas visitor, especially girls.My only real complaint is that I expected more dancing. The Coyote Ugly girls did not jig on the bars ONCE during our stay there...
4	The best way to go to Coyote Ugly is to not go to Coyote Ugly. By which I mean that you shouldn't actually go inside the bar, but walk up to their window and partake of one of their frozen beverages. Specifically, the orange dreamsicle (I think that's what it's called - the orange one) which is, as its name implies, an absolute dream. Rather than being obnoxiously sweet, like most of the frozen-drink-on-a-wall variety, it's tart, tasty, and loaded with alcohol. Buy yourself a souvenir cup, refill it a couple of times, and you're good to go.
3	This one is not nearly as good as the one in Austin but was fun nevertheless. It took on more of a dance club than the good old rowdy country bar. The drinks are priced very well and they had a two for one happy hour. Definitely a go, even on a budget.
4	This place is fun. It's not glamorous or glitzy like what you would expect in a Vegas night club. It's very hole in the wall, with wooden floors, wooden stage, and the bar is wooden itself. You also can't miss all the bras hanging from the ceiling. But it's fun to sing along with the staff, dance on stage, and just rock out. Also, don't expect the staff to put on a show and dance and squirt water like in the movie. They are more audience interactive, they like to pull girls on stage and make them dance, and instead of spraying you with water from the spout, they fill a glass full of water and splash it on randoms. That's the big difference.
3	Kind of an ordinary bar. Except there are chicks dancing on stages and the bars. $5 cover for guys, not bad for Vegas. I got in free (schweet). $9 for a Jack on the Rocks (well, it's Vegas.) Also, they spray you with water from time to time which is really weird. I was drunk and kept forgetting, and was like wtf! Did someone spill a drink on me?! Oh wait no, I'm just being watered. Like a daisy on the lawn.
2	Watch the movie...it's that more entertaining. I've been to this bar twice and not by first choice. Both times I have been disappointed because I didn't see any girls dancing on the bar top. The place is small and can get very crowded. It is more of a casual atmosphere than most places in Vegas but I like to dance so this place is not at all meant for getting jiggy with it. I go to bars like this in my neighborhood for a drink on a Tuesday night. I have never paid a cover but there is one and I would have to say that it's not worth your money. Next...
3	For a very casual entertainment , this place is great, ambient is awesome, however, the guys better be careful  how they behave because they have this fat lard a... Bouncer that thinks he is all that and has an attitude, he will push you out of the way with no reason, the last two times I've been at this bar he is there and I saw him putting this guy out just because he was just trying to have fun, I don't know how they can get away with this
2	It's a bar...like the movie Coyote Ugly.  Girls dancing, pouring shots...other random girls from the floor get pulled up on stage to dance.  It's a bar...it's Vegas.  What do you expect...Yea, it's fun...don't get me wrong.  You can dance, kinda...
1	The worst bar on earth.  They should pay you to tolerate this place instead of charging a ridiculous cover.It is filled with desperate sad people staring up a mostly average at best girls dancing on the bar while doing awful karaoke.  It is too crowded, and difficult to get to the bar.Run from is place.   Save yourself.  You can find much better bars with much prettier women.
5	Review is for the Frozen Daiquiri bar outside Coyote Ugly. I must stop here every time in vegas because they have the best frozen drinks on the strip. I highly recommend. Plus only $2 for an extra shot in your drink! :-)
4	So im not gonna lie, this place is pretty awesome.I would really suggest going here if you are looking to chill at a bar, this place is more for the show. You have the cowgirls on the bar acting as the MC for the night and they do a great job interacting with the crowd and keeping the party going. Free shots every where and girls dancing on bars, okay so it is a bit Vegasy but for a tourist it can work.Overall, I loved it here def someplace worth checking out!
3	This was my first time at Coyote Ugly and I have to say...it was pretty darn cool.  The main host was a JWOWW look alike, super funny with tons of energy.  We danced and drank with a really fun crowd until the bar closed. I would go again :)
3	This is one crazy place. We were there at 9.45pm on a Friday night and it was already so crowded we barely could walk from one side of the bar to the other. To top that, everybody was already hammered too. The reason for that might be their happy hour - $5 well drinks until 9 - and the cowgirls dancing on the bars. The male to female ratio wasn't so even. I'm glad we got in for free, but there is normally a cover charge (I don't know how much).
5	Let me start of by saying I despise country music, but the only place I can tolerate it is at the Coyote Ugly. This spot is ridiculously cracking and has a killer happy hour and free shots! Gets super crowded so get there early and get ready for a raunchy, tasteless, awesome, wild time!
1	Wait in line, pay cover walk in the door. People. Crammed full of people. Look to the front, girl singing songs. She's alright at it, nothing special. Look back, much less pretty girl staring down at everyone "dancing" in the back. Want a drink? Good luck moving toward the bar.Want to dance? Good luck finding enough room to move your arms.What to flirt? Good luck getting that girl to hear you (or even finding a girl for that matter). Free cover wouldn't be worth going to this bar. It's Vegas. You can do better people.
2	Tiny and unfriendly.  But that hurricane 151 frozen drink was potent!  There is though an open bar time I *think* Monday-Thurs from 9-11for $30 or something like that.  I'm sure it's all wells and Bud Lights, but the line for it was insane!But if you like a tiny, dingy bar with bras hanging from the rafters (how long have those been up there anyways?!) then this is the place for you in Vegas!
4	I would definitely come back here. It's a pretty entertaining place! They play old jams from the 90's, 80's and country songs. Everyone gets really into it and the girls they pick from the audience to dance on the pole is hilarious. Cheap ass drinks as well. Can't go wrong there since it's Vegas!
1	I begrudge giving it one star. I walked for 30 mins to get there, took one look inside and walked back. If you like bars that are 99% male with hairy palms and BO then this is the bar for you.
2	This place is tiny, and not a very good time there.  Like most of these places, they use the name to get people in there, but with over priced drinks and service that is sub-par, there are much better places to go to than this place
4	Great place to hang out!  It's fun to be in and have a good time.  There are many choices in bars and this can be a good choice.
4	This place made my night simply spectacular! After going to a few places throughout the night the crowd at this place was just great! Great entertainment I would give it 5 stars but I will take 1 away due to the attitude at the bar! Wasn't service you would expect in Vegas!  Other than that I would definitely recommend for anyone to stop by here.. it's worth the $10!
3	This place can be a lot of fun just remember this bit of advice;1.Get there before the cover starts. When we were there they didn't charge a cover before nine. got my handstamped and it was good for the entire night...no cover.2. bring a hot lesbian. The cowgirls will love her and in turn love on you. It will be a blast.
3	Had to check it out as we walked by.  The New York, New York was definitely an interesting hotel.
5	2 for 1 drinks, don't remember the rest. We had the best time, I think. Friendly staff and you can smoke inside, I think. They play country music! (I think)  In all seriousness this place is great, the girls are sweet and keep the energy up and give away free shots. Plus the bouncers bring their A game. Defiantly stop by if your in New York New York.
2	We stopped here to grab a quick drink after visiting New York NY.  I asked to sample the margaritas, the bartender said I was only allowed to sample one.  It tasted pretty bad, and I didnt want to just not get a different one since it would look bad on my part, so I went with the red one which I believe was strawberry, and felt terribly disappointed.Waste of money.  Did not return.Cheers
2	We came here on a saturday night.- with vcard, it only grants free admission (no $10 cover) and you got to wait in gen admission. - extremely crowded. for the non-smokers, it is a definitely problem. - seems more like a karaoke bar. everyone just yells the songs together. top40, some classic rock.  -  didn't stay very long. get a boot drink. jump up and down with the crowd while buzzed. someone blows smoke in your face. time to leave.
1	Whatever you expect of this club, it's not there - but they'll charge you 10 bucks for that.
2	Couple hot girls dancing on stage, a sausage fest watching them.
2	Came here as part of a club crawl, didn't get it. It didn't do much for me at all. The girls weren't that great either. Too many dudes and it wasn't any better than the average bar back home. Honestly, I've been to better Howl at the Moons.
1	I went to this place for the first time and I wish I didn't. This place was small and dark. Bras on the roof, okay thats fine but thats it ? The decor of this place was very poor. Girls dancing on top of the bar okay cool, but then what ? it got boring after a while. The girls on the stage get so jealous if someone tries to dance next to them. Then, why even have a stage where you allow girls to go up ? Ladies, this is not about you or your wannabe singing career its about the clientele. Customers need to feel good being there this way we spend more money on drinks and everything else.  The rudeness here does not want to make me go back to this place.  The only good experience i had here were the doormen and the bouncers. They were the nicest people there. This place should be about having a good time and not about being treated inferiorly. Drinks were not too bad. Shots were about $8.00 and mixed drinks and beers were about $7. Bartender ladies most of them were pretty cool. But I did see one of them yell at a customer. I was like wow. But whatever. i'm not going to this place ever again. Oh, and guys if you buy the VIP ticket for drinks until midnight they don't include Jack Daniels on the list. just FYI. And guys this place was a sausage fest. Just fyi. Hope this review helps.
1	Coyote Ugly was the end of our 9 bar journey before we headed back to the hotel to crash. In the movie, "Coyote Ugly" was explained as a one night stand where you would rather gnaw off your arm than look at the person you were with. I think that sums up the experience of the experience. Once we got in, it was apparent that besides the name, it was nothing like the movie. There was a girl on the bar the entire night, but she was not so into it. We got a "Yeah, Vegas", "How do you feel?", "Can you scream?", "Whoop, Whoop" but it was all in a monotone voice. There was no dancing on the bar tops. Barely any interaction with the crowd. We ended up bouncing after 20 minutes and called it a night.
2	Overpriced drinks, overpriced entry, long wait for the drinks... The music is great, and it's a good spot to go once, just to say you did... but not not worth hanging there or spending the $$ there...
5	Great time. Not too crowded when we went on a Sunday night. Definitely a good time out!
3	Not what I expected. Had a great time, but a small bar...small. Great drink specials and a fun atmosphere, suggest going with a group to keep the fun going. Music is dictated by patrons playing jukebox songs.
3	It's a small bar, standing room only. The bartenders look perpetually bored and I've never seen any of them actually get up on the bar and dance, but they DO have a front-and-center stage for customers. You get asked if you want to come up and dance, and bouncers line the bottom in case some rowdy drunk girl decides to accidentally push you off the crowded stage. It's loud, but fun. Bras hang from the ceiling; I was asked if I wanted to 'donate' mine to the collection, but I declined.Drink prices aren't awful. The best parts about it are that dress code is relaxed, it's loud enough that you can drink without having to talk to the weird drunk guys buying you drinks, and you can laugh and get rowdy on the stage with your girlfriends. I didn't stay long, but the atmosphere really helped get my nigh started. And there are 2 quiet, open bars with seating literally around the corner and downstairs if you're wanting to go somewhere else.
1	Poor guy. Was his 21st birthday, the girls pulled him to the stage. I thought he was gonna get shots or a dance or something. They ended up giving him a huge wedgie! Don't come here for your birthday. Girls were bitches. Flicking you off.Standing room only, seriously no stools or chairs. Hanging bras look gross. Overall pretty bad.
1	Avoid at all costs.  If you like to wait in line to pay $5.00 cover only to get inside and pay $13 for a bottle of Bud while listening to horrible music then this is your place.  Not only is the place a poor attempt at a bar and service is slow but the girls spit water onto the crowd.  Yes I've seen the movie but perhaps they should post a sign that says you might get water spit onto you.  You're better off at a regular hotel bar.  And one other thing is that there are only about four stools inside to sit on and no bathrooms.  They should pay people to go inside instead.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
2	Small. Crowded. Cover charge. No seating. Customers were hotter than the help.But if you like rock and country karaoke with spendy weak drinks both served up by cute but not hot bartenders. This is your place.Little or no fair comparison to the original in NY. Same can be said of the rest of NYNY-Vegas.
3	Step into a Southern-style bar and get ugly? Well, to each own experience. If you must or must not. I had that pleasure when just enough for a quick rest and feel the "bar" experience for the time being during a night out in the city, but it did not bring back the "Coyote Ugly" feel of the movie. If you've seen the movie, do not expect such to be. As it is located by the "Strip", a name for Las Vegas Boulevard, expect loud, crowded atmosphere with beautiful patrons. Standing room. Not much of dancing on the bar top, there was dancing but nothing like in the movie. Cowgirls. Bouncers are there to keep rowdiness in check. If you'd like to dance on th stage, you get free shots of drink. Still it was fun. Music? from the jukebox. Patrons pick it. Singing? There's Karaoke to get those vocal chords working. Sing country music or rock songs. Look up over head, female acoutrements which are cup-like (okay, that's the bra to layman's term) hangs above. The light looks mistily fogged from smoke, whiff second-hand smoke. Bartenders worked with the crowd who have waited for the attention for some time. Cute waitresses. Friendly staff. Pricey drinks. But that's what it is when it's the most visited bar in the city that stays open till three in the morning. Expect to be patient and not take the fun out of a Vegas night visit to a hot bar with feeling un-bar happy. I could only hum that song from the movie to get me in the Coyote Ugly mood and I like that song. To those wanting to imbibe on this bar experience, it is final tonight 2013 March 1st, as it closes. Well then it was at service for twenty years. But it stays open in other US cities and globally, to name some: New York, Nashville, New Orleans, Novosibirsk in Russia, Key West in Florida, St. Petersburg in Russia, Germany, San Antonio in Texas, Oklahoma, etc. Want to re-live the experience, see "Coyote Ugly" movie and dream it was. What was that song played in that movie, which I like? It's "Can't Fight the Moonlight", a pop song written by Diane Warren, recorded by country pop singer LeAnn Rimes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPA5QBr_YmM There I go now, singing and humming http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfzNb6JGwT0 that song... "You can try to resist... you'll surrender your heart..."
4	What a great place! The cover here was very cheap compared to other places. ($10 cover and $35 open bar) there are also people handing out fliers around New York New York that get you in for half price. Well drinks were around $8. The girls were great. They kept the free shots coming and kept the crowd moving. The music selection was definitely strange. It's the only reason I'm rating this as 4 stars instead of 5. In the time we were there we heard everything from YMCA to Guns N Roses to the latest hip hop. The music didn't flow together at all and got awkward at times. The place is very small, but for the price it's a great spot to hit up in Vegas.
1	This place is flat-out AWFUL!  Long line to get in the bar, and had to pay.  Lame.  Music was whack with a bunch of ugly fat chicks dancing on stage.  The offer "free shots", but they're just pouring bottom-shelf liquor into your mouth.  When I ordered my drink, the snobby bartender told me I needed to tip her.
1	I went only because the group I was with wanted to go, the only good thing about this place was that I got in free. The music was just eeh nothing big, I'm in my mid 20's and there was at this saloon was mid 40 ladies and a lot I older guys not my type of crowd. If your in 40's and want free shots of juice (had absolutely no alcohol in it) then this is the place to be.
4	had a blast here, and will def go back! my husband enjoyed the $30 open bar from 9-12. he got a wristband and never had to wait for a refill on his beer or liquor (in a red solo cup might i add). bartenders were freely giving out free shots. and they didnt discriminate on who could get up on the bar to dance. nothing bothers me more than bars that only let skinny "pretty" girls (i use pretty loosely, i should say skanky) on the bar. this bar made every woman in there feel gorgeous and welcome. not enough room to line dance which is why we went in the first place, but i did like that you got to pick what comes on by using the juke box and there was a good mix of country and other top 40 playing.
3	Music was good, drinks were okay, atmosphere was fun (except for a couple of snobby uptight GUYS, "excuse me" does not mean I want to dance with you or have you buy me a drink, it's the polite way of saying get the eff out of my way dirt bag!). But, for 3 drinks it cost us $50, if the atmosphere was TOTALLY worth it, it would've been okay but, it was not THAT great. EXTREMELY crowded, could barely move in there. then again, we all went on a Saturday night, so ya get what you get. I know there's better times to go, but honestly it was okay. nothing special.
2	If you are a creeper or hoochie who would like to get trashed and dance badly, this is the place to go! When we went there were a few girls dancing in the middle of the dance floor and a bunch of older creepsters just staring at them. Then security told the girls to stop dancing. Seriously odd vibe, maybe we were there too early or it was a bad night? Had a cocktail made with Jack Daniels honey that was tasty, but weak. If you wanna go probably best to do it late.
2	This is my second attempt to this place and I still agree with my thoughts a few years back. It is small, crowded, and there is a cover charge (although I did not pay). No seating at all and if you are a lady in heels just FYI your feet will hurt BAD standing there just looking up at these women dancing on the bar. I did not order any drinks here, I just was not impressed. The bouncers inside were complete jerks to the women and I think that is what turned me off the most.They had certain girls from the stage to go up and dance with the coyote ugly dancers and ya :( poor girls. I just think I will stay away from this place. Is not worth it.
4	We went with a bunch of friends. Good thing for happy hour since the drinks were a lot cheaper. We had fun and they played some game around the bar.  It was something different, but super small. I'm glad we went when it wasn't very busy. This is located in the New York, New York Hotel.
5	Danced all night. Free entry.. Free shots, good music! We came with a group of 8 for a bachelorette party & had a blast!
5	Had so much fun! I've been to the one in San Antonio and I have to say Vegas wins!!Very good mix of music!!!! Easy to get drinks! And the ladies rock!!!!
2	OK...thankfully I got into this place for free. I am just not a fan of any club atmosphere. And this is just like that loud music and overpriced drinks. I can see why people would love this place. But I am not into this kind of thing at all.
5	They played a good variety of music. The coyote ugly girls are such great dancers and they get the crowd hyped up. Had such a great time and danced on stage. Most definitely coming back here on our next Vegas trip.
3	After Hooters, my girlfriends and I wandered over to Coyote Ugly in New York, New York. This place, I believe had a cover - I don't quite remember because of the shots from Hooters, but in any case, I didn't really care either. This was a bachelorette party, not a count-your-dimes party. We wandered in, possibly paying, possibly not, and went straight to the bar - ordering, again fittingly, ex-boyfriends. The drinks were strong, the music was loud, and the dancing was fun. We were tempted to toss our bras so they could hang from the ceiling - or maybe that was just me. We got photobombed and did some bombing and burned off the food and drink from Hooters. I was on stage last time I was at this place - way back in 2007 - because I was pulled up by a bride. I guess things come full circle - taking a future bride here. Here, the women are gorgeous, it's nothing like the movie (so don't go here looking for that ish), and there's a pleasurable amount of differences between the people drinking and dancing. They are a teensy bit expensive for drinks, but this is Vegas - don't have high expectations of anything and everything will make you happy. This place did its job - happy future bride, happy girlfriends.
1	This place was fun until the bouncer started to push girls on stage. I know this part if the job and it makes it a fun environment but this bouncer was out if control. He grabbed my wife once she said no she did not want to go he grabbed her again and started to pull he rip again she said no. Again he grabbed her and would not let go that's when I turned around and pushed him off of her. Then we left go here if you are looking for some creepy guy to push you on stage
4	Its absolutely shocking that I am giving so many stars, and even more shocking what a great time we had here.NY NY in general has always skeeved me out.  It seems its actually a lil better these days. Its a super small "club" more like a bar actually.  Music was ok, I dont know who listens to hip hop anymore but it was really good mix.  The saloon go go dancers/MC etc. are actually pretty amazing entertainment; those chicks work their asses off and its super fun!  I would say good to come with a group of people.
2	RUDE EMPLOYEESBAD CUSTOMER SERVICEGIRLS WITH BAD PERSONALITYI frequently visit Las Vegas at least 5-8 times a year from San Francisco. Coyote Ugly has been my must to go spot every time I go until this summer in August 2013 I was in Vegas on a Tuesday and I was wondering what time the Saloon closed so I call around 10PM and a horrible rude chick answers and hangs up on me . I call back because she didn't answer my question and she answers what the F*** do you want , you're calling again? So I tell her that she hadn't answered my question and she hangs up. I was upset and decided to Email the Hotel and the Coyote Ugly Corp and surprisingly they did not even bother answering me back with at least an apology or an explanation.NOW that i think about it the girls are very nice to the guys but to the girls who go are mainly  treated RUDELY. Except for a few who are very sweet and nice but its rare to be attended by a nice one. SHAME ON YOU COYOTE UGLY FOR THE BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE AND NOT CARING ABOUT THE REGULARS AND PEOPLE WHO TRAVEL FAR TO VISIT YOUR BAR!!
1	This*  place*   situated in  new york new york is  more like a dive you would find in any 3rd world country than a saloon  I fully expected to discover the bathroom  was just a hole  in the middle of a room .. it was,nt but not much better.  cover charge,  bouncers bullying  female  patrons to remove their bras ,  awfully  loud music, no where to sit ,expensive drinks and skanks dancing on the bar while they squirted  some sort of  drink  in your mouth seemed  to be the mode of this establishment .the male customers  who  looked like extras out of a horror movie were  sloppily  dressed and slivering around  with a bored  look  on thier  faces gazing attentively at the stage hoping  for a glimpse of a breast  or perhaps a crotch shot from the gyrating  dancers . not a hope    we had one drink (cost a arm & leg )found a vacant space on the  wall  to  lean against  untill   we could,nt stand the   noise  any more and left    not a place we would visit again   but part  of the  Las Vegas  experiance ..
3	We headed into Coyote Ugly with a "special pass" so in before 9 you get free admission all night and 2 for 1 drinks till 9.  After heading in before 9 to get stamped we left to gamble and came back a short time later. We got to cut the line and ordered two beers ($8 each) and hung out for a bit. FYI they don't sell wine here. I know, I know they don't in the movie either except that they do serve all types of liquor and beer, so the only thing they left out was wine. This place definitely has a divey feel to it, but that's what you expect after all of the hype and stereotypes from the movie. We were there on a Friday night and it was decently full. There was always a girl on the main stage getting people to dance and offering free shots to girls. This really isn't a bar you go to to dance, it's a show bar. We just stood there all night and watched the various contests and things the Coyote's tried to get people to do. The dancing is nowhere near like the movies but I actually had a really great time. The DJ was awesome; he played an good range of music that kept the energy up. The girls know how to keep the crowd engaged so it made for a really fun time.  It was nice to check out and can say I've been, when we return we probably won't stop there again.FYI there is no bathroom actually inside the bar, you have to walk out and hang a left (or right?) to find it. I didn't need to use it while I was there but they have a sign posted near the back that tells you where you need to go. WUT.
5	Was weary cause of the amount of "bad" reviews. But we got in free around 11pm, thanks to the nice promotion guy at the escalators. Had a great time! Met some cool people from various places. Yeah drinks are a bit pricey but that's to be expected. Not many places to sit, but its not a place to sit. Its a place for having fun & dancing.
5	THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE BAR WINDOW, not the actual saloon.This is the ONLY place on the strip you won't get ripped off on blended drinks. Fat Tuesday, Purple Zebra, etc. - they skimp on the alcohol in their blended drinks. You spend a ton of money for a fancy cup and get a virgin daiquiri. Coyote Ugly is under new management as of last year. They changed the way they serve their blended drinks. They now put the shot in first and the mixed drink on top. You can choose what kind of liquor you want as well. You can see the shots going in. It's a great deal BECAUSE it's not a rip off like every where else on the strip. I brought some friends here that ended up tosses their Fat Tuesday's drinks and taking my recommendation on this. They were glad they did.Also, the bartender here (he's served me multiple times) is really friendly and talkative. He makes it fun while you wait.
1	You will be horribly disappointed if you have to pay to get into this hellhole.  Terrible bar service, overpriced drinks, unattractive drunk girls being pulled on stage.  There were 3 Coyote girls trying to run the show, but weren't doing a very good job of it...it was as if they were just going through the motions, and they looked bored.    After 5 minutes watching a bunch of drunk girls making spectacles of themselves, I was bored to tears and wanted to leave.  Please do yourselves a favor and go somewhere else, there are so many other better options out there!!
2	If you're looking for a nice place to avoid the average club scene then it's the place to go. I'm not into country type of music so I waited until after 11pm for the more mix music and it was decent.
1	Crystal and the manager Alex are extremely rude!  Definitely not what it used to be.  I heard they are under new management, too bad because the old coyote ugly was amazing!
1	Um no. A friend got sick so we needed to leave... 6 of us... One of our friends got a refund after being there for 5 min so we all wanted a refund.... Well that didnt happen. Between short blonde girl, tweeker with the stamp and asian bouncer we all ended up leaving after handing over 10$ a pop for 5 min..... One friend got refunded. I will never come here again. Plus this was the first time there was a charge to get it to see uuuuuh nothing! Bye New York!!!!! Hello Aria! Btw a lame a** bar for 10 when girls get in to clubs free? Get it together!
1	So not worth the money to get in.  Would not recommend unless you're looking for a cramped spot that is overpriced.
4	It's sad to see so many poor reviews of this place and I am surprised that their overall yelp rating is so low.  This place, in my opinion, is like most things in Vegas - 1) you have to appreciate it for what it is and 2) know when the best time is to soak in all of it's wonderfulness.So I've visited this location several times and it's consistently held up, if not exceeded my (somewhat trashy) expectations.   Appreciate it for what it is...Coyote Ugly is not a fancy joint.  It's entire concept is based on rowdy bartenders partying hard and being a bit rough with customers at times.  Don't expect clean floors or fancy glassware.  Expect to see lots of skin, hear girls swearing, cheesy bar games, and loud music.  It's a little wild and at times it is unclear who is degrading whom, but that's the fun of it.Know when to go....this location has happy hour between 6 and 9.  For all intensive purposes...go at this time.  There is no cover, the drinks are actually reasonable and it's far less crowded then it will be after 10.  When you're not crammed next to a bunch of strangers in a dirty and degrading bar setting you'd be surprised how much more tolerable it is.  In reality though this happy hour is my favorite time to go.  It's not crowded so you get a lot of personal attention from the bartenders, it's easy to participate in games and girls get lots of free shots.  Then when it gets busy head out.  I'll also say the bartenders have always been sweet to me.  I have seen them get  ornery with male customers, but have always been sweet to me and my friends.Clearly I'm a fan...I've also seen other locations be no where near entertaining as this one, so I really appreciate their crowd involvement and generosity with shots!
2	Even though this place was packed and it was a holiday weekend..I wasn't impressed. We had around 13 girls and 11guys looking for a chill place. They wanted to charge $20 each for girls and guys....a few of us walked in to see if it was worth it and nope! To charge $20 for girls in Vegas is out of the question...not worth it at all. On to the next
4	I was incredibly nervous to visit this bar after reading the reviews..BUT..It was so much fun and I didn't see any of the issues yelp reviews claimed they have. The bouncers were very nice. The bar tender let my group create a drink at the bar for our bachelorette! It was titled "Amanda's shit show" so good.The dancers were up beat and fun. They let our group go up on the stage to dance. The bouncers were standing at the bottom of the Stage to assure no one falling off and hurting themselves. I think it was a great way to start our Vegas trip. Definitely worth going.
1	This place sucks I went there on sept 4 2014 the girls bartender are to loud and rude one of them slap my brother so hard in the face and told him not to touch her jukebox . She lucky I didnot turn around to knock her out I will not good back because of this
4	Here's my take. First off the shit is free before 9 o clock or whenever they charge a cover so if you're a smart mutha fucka like myself you get your stamp then and then you're good for all night. Second, even when they do charge a cover it's only like $10 bucks, if you can't handle a $10 cover in Vegas then what in the blue fuck are you doing there? You got the "Coyotes" up in there doing the dancing thing and they seem to have all genres of lady, black, white, brunette, blonde, thick, slim, tom boyish etc. There seem to be a good bit of international cougars in here like from Europe and Australia, they let em dance on the stage so you can see which one you wanna holla at and then when they come down you swoop on em and introduce yourself like a gentleman and offer the lady a drink. It's what the fuck gentleman do. Drinks aren't the cheapest but you can pre-game at the bar outside and then go in there ready to meet you a nice young lady so you can enjoy your evening and have a Vegas moment.
3	I have visited almost every Coyote Ugly around. This one is no different. My first suggestion, know what you are getting into. I keep seeing reviews about how they are disappointed about things that will never happen here. You can't expect to get a steak from McDonalds, so don't expect a clean, sit down chill place that serves water at a Coyote Ugly. That being said, I was here on business, so was alone. Trying to not be bored, I came here. The girls were nice, gave lots of free shots (to ladies) and everyone was dancing. Agree with the other reviewers, come before 9 and at very least get a stamp so that you don't pay a cover. You can always leave and come back.
1	Um no. Avoid at all costs. Don't buy into the name. I walk in and everyone is standing around watching some loudmouth chick dance on the bar while she yells and you to buy drinks. No thanks! Bye, Felicia.
4	We came here our first night in Vegas and had a blast!! The cover to get I'm was cheap, only $10. The music they played was a a lot of fun, the girls dancing had a lot of energy! The only bummer was that there weren't a lot of people dancing. Aside from a few here and there most were lining the outside of the floor. We had no problem being in the middle though! Drinks were expensive but hey, you're in Vegas.
4	Love this salon! Not stingy on the alky but it's different then previous times I have gone here. They don't blend the alcohol in the mix anymore and add the alcohol after which makes the drink watery instead of slushy. I like it blended better but when the attendant poured in the rum it was almost half filled...I got drunk off that sh*t fast! Thanks lady! The prices are a tiny more than Fat Tuesday their competitors but I will be back still if I want to get drunk fast!!!
3	Mehhh, nothing really being missed here.You walk in and it's just a bunch of people standing around the center stage watching  one of their girls yell at a foreign person while pouring a warm nasty margarita type mix down that person's mouth.   The girls who went up on stage were sub par and nothing to get excited about.The only cool thing about this place is the somewhat attractive coyote girls.  Other than that, not much to see.
1	We were just at coyote ugly and had an absolutely horrible experience. We went to the washroom and then the bouncer Martin Hampton would not let us back in. No one is an angel in vegas, but we were clearly not out of control. He claimed we  were and we are parents at almost 50 years of age with three boys. I don't know what they were up to, but they ruined our evening. When you are wrong, that is fine, but this situation baffles me. Don't you want business? and i write this note in the clearly inebriated state that they assessed me at? AVOID
