5	The first time I came in, I was scooped up by a woman who looks just like Divine, fingernails and all. She talked my ear off about how wonderful the food was, promising me the best meatballs I've ever had in my life. She was right!And aside from meatballs that are better than anything I could ever make, they have my favorite sandwiches and chicken wings in Las Vegas.Eddie D's is the bomb and I can't believe I'm the first person to write about it.GO!
4	Eddie D's is hidden in a strip mall parking lot near Steiners, starting going here with my little sister months ago.  This little joint packs a mean punch when it comes to their sandwiches. The staff is friendly, could talk for hours if you wanted.
4	It's no secret that I love sandwiches. This place is by my house and I figured I'd stop in one afternoon to grab a bite.I parked my car, and brought in a big bag of hunger (my gut). An older guy greets me and asks me what kind of food I like. I tell him all of my likes and dislikes. As I'm looking over the menu, this dude starts telling me about where they get their meats, cheeses and chips. Then he mentioned the Philly style hard rolls and I nearly fell to my knees in appreciation.  Come down here and grab a sandwich with the hard roll. No whimpy soft bread that turns into mush.Also, if you order sausage in your sandwich, you can rest assured that it was handmade fresh, old east coast style. Also, your hot sandwiches come with the appropriate dipping au jus. I'd drop an eff bomb, but it'd be inappropriate, but it was FREAKING amazing.Also, you can get phenom Tastykakes and Wise chips here. ULTIMATELY, you will get a killer sandwich, and there is always someone to talk to you about great food. It reminds me of some of the great east-coast style sandwiches that I had in Los Angeles (Bay Cities among those). Worth the trip.
5	Holly crap, this place serves one of the best, scratch that, the best sandwich I have had in vegas.  I love the Pauly Walnuts and it has capicola, prosciutto, and genoa salami with sharp provolone (top notch quality). They serve it with lettuce and marinated tomatoes and the best part is the delicious hard roll it's served on.  It is a perfect sandwich roll, delicious mild sour flavor, not to hard, and chewy.  (I love bread)I am from San Francisco and I love deli sandwiches but have never found anything that I have liked in town until now (I love a bobbie but thats completely different).   I think this place only has italian meats and cheeses so don't come here looking for a bacon and turkey sandwich.  Also the sandwiches with the artisan meats and cheeses are just a tad under 9 bucks but it's worth it because you figure those ingredients are expensive, and they don't skimp so I feel its a fair price.  All the hot sandwiches like cheese steaks and meatballs are actually a buck or 2 cheaper.  I had the cheese steak and I wasn't crazy about it but I did have a made to order mini canolli for a buck and it was fantastic, they also sell great gelato by the pint.  I gave them a 5 because the cold cut sandwich was that great and they were very friendly, and the canolli is awesome for a small one buck dessert.  I can't wait to try the meatball sub after reading the other reviews.
5	BEST SANDWICH IN VEGAS!!!! This is hands down the best sandwich shop in vegas ive been vegas for about 4 years and have been searching for a place like this real hard roll real deli meats and cheese and homemade salads im from the SF bay area and i have worked in various Delis for over 7 years there  so im kinda of a sandwich snob lol anyways its nice to see a family owned shop i recommend the Pauly walnuts (all the sandwiches are named after soprano characters but they dont have the SILVIO lol maybe i can help with that)definitely give this place a try ive been there 4 times in one week
4	I decided to stop there today for lunch.  It is around the corner from my house, so it was very convenient.Food - There were so many sandwiches that looked good.  I decided to go with the Elliott Ness....which was Hot Pastrami, Cole Slaw, and Fries in a Hard Roll.  The sandwich was very good.  Not the best I've ever had, but good.  The fries were large, steak fries.  I thought there was too many fries and not enough pastrami.  The size of the sandwich was perfect.  I don't like sandwiches that are too small or large.  I was concerned that the Hard Roll might be too hard, but it was just right.For side orders, I got chips and a soda.  This place is rated as a single $ for price...which is suppose to be $10 or less....but I rated it $$.....1 sandwich, chips, and a soda was $12.21.There were only 2 types of chips to choose from....regular and cheetos.....I wish they had more to choose from.  There were a lot of fresh made dessert items to choose from and Tastykakes for those of you from back East....I know my East Coast friends go bananas over them.Service - everyone there was very nice and the food came out fast and fresh.  There was a guy who delivered your sandwich to your table and cleaned up after you.  That surprised me...nice touch.  You can tell it's a family run business....I hope they never lose that connection.I rated it 4 Stars.  There are so many other items I want to try here....it could move up to 5 stars if I get blown away by one of the other sandwiches and if they get a more diverse chip selection.Will I come back?  You can bet on it.....
4	2nd time visiting Eddie D's....this time I had a Johnny Sacks sandwich.  That is Hot Cappicola, Prosciutto, Provolone Cheese, Tomato, Lettuce, Oil/Vinegar on a Hard Roll.  The sandwich was awesome.  I had fries as a side order.  They were too much for me to handle, so I didn't finish.  Overall, very good experience.I'm glad this place is located a few blocks from my house.  You can count on me returning.
5	Eddie D's makes me happy. Seriously happy. Had my first visit last week and was instantly greeted by Eddie at the door. He walked my man and I through the menu, step by step. He was so proud of his food and pretty much hand picked our sandwiches for us. My boyfriend had wanted to order the Roast Beef but went with a Meatball Sandwich mainly because both Eddie and his wife insisted on it. They were right! So moist and juicy. I had a Dante (I beleive that it what its called) with Prosciutto, Roasted Red Peppers and Provolone. It was on this artisian bread and was beyond delicious. While we were waiting for our sandwiches Eddie brought over a basket of bread with a side of his marinara sauce for us to taste. He then brought us a few peices of the Roast Beef (to my boyfriend's delight) and some au jus to taste as well. So make sure to ask for a sample or two if you're having trouble making a decision but know that everything is good. They also will deliver anything on the menu, including pints of sauce, cold cuts, or their famous sandwiches and wings. Plus there is no delivery minumum which makes my one sandwich belly very happy.
3	I got the Paulie Walnuts sandwich. The cheese is so flavorful. Is that what provolone tastes like? My son had a philly, which was bland, hence the 3 star review.
4	This was our first visit at Eddie D's.  Owner Ed and Shirley personally  greeted us and explained the entire menu.  Ed brought us over samples of meatballs, sliced beef, macaroni salad, cole slaw, potato salad and cream puffs for dessert.I ordered the Shirley special which was a chicken breast with sweet peppers, a side of spaghetti with marinara, garlic bread and a cannoli for dessert.  The rest of our table had various sandwiches.  Everyone's meal was delicious and extremely affordable.  This is must try.  A+++++
5	Well, I finally made to Eddie D's to pick up sandwiches for dinner. Had a hell of a time finding it, but it was worth it. (It's next to Steiners in a strip mall) Anyway, when I walked in it was instant italian deli ambience. Eddie and his wife are there to help you figure it out. Eddie is quite the character by the way. He works the joint like he owns it......oh yeah he does LOL Took home a Pauly Walnuts and an Anthony with a side of potato salad. Pauly Walnuts was my fav and my spousal unit liked the Anthony. Let me tell you, these sandwiches are on the best hard roll I have had in ages. Chewy and sturdy that can hold up to all the toppings. Meats were premium and cheese was tasty too. Eddie walked around handing out slices of pizza for samples and working the crowd like he owned the joint......oh yeah he does own it. Don't fugedaboutit, go see Eddie. Anyone who has a signed photo of  Vince Curatola aka Johnny Sack is da godfather of sandwiches.
5	Best sandwiches in the area.  Always greeted with a smile when you walk in.  Never a dull moment when you waiting for your food.  In fact  while waiting for a order with my sis one time Eddie just kept giving us samples of the meatballs which are great by the way.  Also samples of the pasta and desserts.  Great owners great sandwiches what more can you ask for.
5	What a gem to find this place. We only travel to this side of town once a month but EVERYTIME we go to Eddie D's the food is fantastic and Eddie and his wife are so great. Greeting you and checking on your meal for a sandwhich shop what service and they are opening a second location on the SW side of town hope to be their best customer.
4	Just made my first visit there and I must say I was impressed.  It is nice ot know that there is finally a real italian deli out here.  I tried the "Pauli Walnuts" sand' and it was very good with high quality meat.  I also had the pleasue of trying some of my friend's meatball sandwich and that too was excellent!  The only thing I would stay away from here is the "Chicago beef", its not like back home.  The only real downside to this place is that they are pricey.  Four Sandwiches and a large salad cost 60 bucks!  In their defense I do know that imported high quality cured meats can be very expensive and the taste is great, however I'd probably be in there at least once a wekk if they were a little less expensive.  All in all I think most of you will enjoy the food.
4	I walked in here yesterday thinking Eddie D's was like a normal sandwich shop but I was ill prepared for all the choices that they provided for me. The mission: A roast beef sandwich sounded easy enough until I got to the counter. "Do you want the roast beef hot or cold" ..."hot" ..."Do you want the bread hard or soft?....Soft? (Truthfully ..I didn't know if I wanted the bread hard or soft I was just spouting off answers at this point.) I didn't want to mess up my order so I pointed at the menu to" The New Yorker". This had deli roast beef, with melted Provolone on garlic bread. While I was waiting around for my order I was looking around. They have Tastykakes!...I haven't seen those since I was a kid living in Virgina Beach. Too bad I already paid for my order ....I thought. . My order was ready to take home and enjoy. It was soo good ! They even included a side of Au Jus sauce for dipping! They will definitely be added to my "to go" list!
5	Planned ahead to try this place on our latest Vegas vacation after reading the rave Yelp reviews. So very, very good!!! Hubby had the Paulie Walnuts sub and I had a meatball sub...incredibly delish. Also shared some fries (they are the steak fry kind and are tasty) and some potato salad. As noted, the food is a bit pricey but you have to pay to get meats of this quality. Hubby grew up in CT and he said he has not had meatballs this good (yeah, of course he had to have some of my sub :)  ) since he was a kid and ate in the Italian sub shops on Franklin Ave. His sub was packed with exceptionally good Italian cold cuts. As other Yelpers have noted, the owners are super friendly and very accommodating. You'll probably have trouble choosing as there as so very many goodies but this is definitely a must go.We stopped in here after spending some time at Mt. Charleston and it was a highlight of a wonderful day.
5	Want a good sandwich ?FuggedddaboutIT -you found it- here at Eddie D's, which I prefer to call Most Awesome Italian Deli. I totally love the Soprano's themed sandwiches - and pictures ;) They have refrigerated cases showing all fresh meat and big hunks of cheese.They also have a lot of salads, peppers and other items to choose from to add to your order. I went with a party of 3, and we all had different wants - me I took the chicago hot beef with a hard roll - with a side of tortellini salad. Susan took the meatball sub...and John, totally ordered a pizza.Everything is cooked to order so I ended up eating my tortellini salad before my sandwich ever arrived. It was SO good that I actually was mad I didn't get a larger order to take home with me. When we got our sandwiches I was excited the sandwich was stacked HIGH , on a fresh hard roll, that was perfect for dipping in the Au jus.  It was fragrant and had excellent robust flavor. Susan let me try a little of her meatball sub- and I will be honest... i normally do not like meatball subs...  i don't like meatballs that are pre processed  and am VERY picky. These meatballs were fresh- the marinara sauce -- heavenly it was not overpowering and had GREAT flavor. (I might order this on my own next time)The pizza was a crispy pizza with several toppings that John chose just for him.  But I did notice that every item was very fresh, and the flavor was good.Service was awesome by MR. and Mrs. Eddie D .  I love them now and want to be adopted ... ESPECIALLY after eating the homemade tiramisu and cannoli ... even a bite of Johns white chocolate mousse was to die for. I was pretty sure they were going to have to roll me out the door. I am thinking that this will become a habit... Thank GOODNESS they are opening a shop near my work...
5	Love ...Love..Love their meatball sandwich ! I think their sign for the tastiest balls in Vegas are right on the money! The sauce wasn't salty it had just enough cheese and the meatballs...yummy. I also tried a Cannoli which I was hesitant about because I remember trying them a long time ago and it just left a bad taste in my mouth. This Cannoli changed my mind really fast! It had a deep fried shell with a cookie cream in them ..they were heavenly!
5	Oh wow...we have been living in the NW side of town for 10 years now. Thanks to YELP we discovered EddieD's. My wife and I stopped in for lunch and I ordered the Hot Eddies Famous Roast Beef (with provolone, onions,mushrooms,and grilled banana peppers) I was surprised to find out I had 8 choices in peppers to add to my incredible sandwich. The bread is amazing and PERFECT. The hot aus jus is the best I have ever had. The steak fries were also very good. My wife ordered the famous meat ball sandwich and now I understand what all the fuss is about. This was a great sandwich. Meatballs were old school and perfect. nothing out of a freezer bag. Slow cooked and juicy.The service would be tough to beat on any level. When you have two very active owners helping in the ordering and food delivery process you cannot go wrong. Shirley was great and steered me to the sandwich that i was looking for. We will be back time and time again.
5	Had been a bit since my last visit .  Heard they had some new sandwiches wanted to give one of them a whirl.  Right when I walked in was greeted with a smile.  And even though it has been awhile they still remembered me.  I couldn't spot the new sandwiches on the main menu wall.  They are actually on the front counter on a white board that say's specials.  I ordered the Elliot Ness which has pastrami, swiss, fries, and coleslaw.  While I was waiting had a small convo with Mrs. D she noticed my Braves shirt she joked with me since she was a Philly fan.  Then Mr. D himself brings out a fresh pie (pizza) and starts handing out slices.  I mean come on what more can you want.  This place is the best.  Oh by the way the Elliot Ness is delicious.
5	Wow.....wow.....wow.THIS IS THE BEST SANDWICH PLACE IN TOWN HANDS DOWN NO QUESTIONS ASKED.  I lived in the south side of Pittsburgh for 4 years.  Pittsburgh has some of the best sandwiches anywhere (if you've eaten at Primanti Brothers you know what I'm talking about).  This place not only equals those amazing East Coast sandwiches, I would arguably say they beat the sandwiches I had on the east coast because of the high quality of the bread.  Look this restaurant was so good it gave me goose bumps and flash backs to the 22 years I lived on the East Coast.  (1)  The meet is super high quality  (2)  The service is some of the best I've ever seen in a sandwich shop (3) the owner was actually there and he loves his job and loves sandwiches.I haven't tried everything on the menu but I will be going back.  I would give this place 6 stars if I could.
5	Stopped by for Lunch and had a Johnny Sack (Hot Capacola, Sharp Provolone, Prosciutto, Lettuce, and Tomatoes soaked in Balsamic Vinegar & Olive Oil) $8.49.  One thing you should know is that most of their Sandwiches are made with their signature "Hard Roll", which is hard Italian Bread.  If you don't like Hard Bread, you may not enjoy this place.  I think they offer other Bread, but I'd call before you come down here.This was my 2nd time trying the Johnny Sack.....damn, it was good!  So good, I'm upping my rating for this joint to 5 Stars.  The kicker for me was the Tomatoes soaked in Balsamic Vinegar & Olive Oil....wow, that Sweet/Sour flavor brought out the flavors of the Meat & Sharp Provolone....what a great combination of ingredients!  The Johnny Sack didn't have that the last time I was here.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Will I return?  Don't be silly....of course!
4	A real sandwich shop in The Northwest! We stopped by for lunch with high expectations - after reading all of the Yelps. So the bar was set high - and I am happy to say Eddie D's lived up to it's rep! They have a pretty good sized menu - We ordered a Pauly walnuts and a Chicago style roast beef. The bread was excellent. Had some body but it wasn't too tough - just right. The roast beef was extra tender. The Aujus with the roast beef sandwich was excellent! They definitely use high quality meats and ingredients here. They brought out a birthday cake for someone that was eating there. I guess it was a friend or family member. They offered us a piece of cake - very convivial indeed! 2 sandwiches, 2 chips, 2 drinks was about $25 - a weee pricey...but it was quality food so I would say it was fair!
5	This is the best sandwich place in Las Vegas. The deli meats are amazing. They have every kind of meat you can think of. From Hot cappicola  to imported prosciutto. They make the food fresh and quick. The place also has different foods if you're not in the mood for a hot or cold sandwich.  Thee have soup (Italian style wedding is my favorite), pizza, wings, and pasta. They service is also great. They're funny, friendly, and caring. Thanks guys!
5	been here twice. im a mild sandwich buff. my sis and i was craving something wholesome for lunch, so we came in and i wanted a hot sub,  so i asked what was good. guy at the reg' gave me three options: meatball, steak, or chicken. meatball fo'sh. since this place is italian, why not. it comes with mozzerela but i love provolone, so i switched. my sis got the steak pizza sandwich, and we shared a basket of steak fries. he had a regular fountain drink, but the "manhattan" espresso coffee soda spoke to me.when my total reached to $27.60 for our whole order, my first reaction, was "my bf is gonna kill me for spending this much. hope it's worth it."sports were on so i was watching that while thinking if i was charged right. it seemed right. in that moment, i wanted to drop a star.this shop is no ordinary sub shop. owner shirley took care of us like she was  "aunt shirley" and we were coming over her house to enjoy her best recipe's. when i mean she took care of us, she basically waited on us, the way our mama's take care of us when we're sick. we got our food, let me tell you, i was kinda discouraged at how small it looked. but then i took a bite into the meatball, wow, "that's one good meatball".  that one meatball was packed with flavor, like mary poppins' suitcase is full of magic. ive had other meatball sandwiches, that weren't so great because it would fall apart, but they use the wholesome bread durable to hold all the sauce and meatballs, and cheese. the owners followed up on how we enjoyed our food, they ask with so much pride in their recipes. i can't argue. in the end the price is reasonable because the sub is suffice for folks with great appetites. i'm able to take home the other half for later.5 full stars for the hospitality and qualitythey also have a mini fridge of italian desserts, such as cannoli's. gotta try that next time.
5	I've found capriottis Bobbie's father here at eddy d's. It's called the Robert. You know an Italian spot is good if you see Italians eating there.I've been here twice and so far my favorite is the Elliott Ness. Anything with fries in it, calls my name. They have so much more to choose from.I've only tried their meatballs in one of the sandwiches. I suppose they're known for their meatballs. But even in the sandwich, you can taste all the herbs mixed in this savory ball of meat!The service is soo family style. We saw this lady walk in. We thought cool another italian customer. Then she started bringing our sandwiches over. Her name is Shirley and she's absolutely a sweetheart! She straight took care of us. Which made the experience above awesome.
5	+ Paulie Walnuts+ Excellent imported meats and cheeses (you will taste the difference)+ Friendly service (this family clearly loves their restaurant)+ The french fries remind of the fries that I could get at any state fair in the Midwest and that's a good thing.+ Very family friendly + One of the best sandwich shops in town
4	Capprioti's "Bobby" took steroids, bulked up here at Eddie D's, and now calls himself sir "Robert." His exterior is tougher, but deep down inside, he's still the soft, cranberry sweet , lovable stuffing we all have known to love. Robert takes gravy baths now so the chicks will love that.  Most girls will dig the 6 in Robert, but for the heftier gals, Robert transforms into 12 in also.  So don't hesitate, when you're lonely for lunch, hit up Eddie D's and find Robert waiting for your company.
5	Me and my boys all ordered the same thing: The roast beef sandwiches. The best.  Drink down the rest of the gravy out of the cup when you are done. We did it and didn't get any weird looks. It was uncomfortably funny watching my 10 year old son trying to understand the talkative man who kept calling him "Cheech" and asking him "What do you say, Cheech?".He seriously could not understand what the man was saying but didn't want to be rude.Anyway, that sandwich is a five star sandwich.
5	First of all they have Capriotti's beat by a mile!  The food is just amazing! I feel like I'm back East.  The owner's are more than welcoming and make you feel as though you are eating at their home.  The last two times I went there I had the Stuffed Rigitoni with meatballs.  OMG!!! The gravy (sauce) is so damned good that I just had to mop it up with bread, otherwise I would have licked the plate!  The meatballs are "melt in the Mouth" good.  I love their sandwiches also and my personal favorate is the Bada Bang (chicken cutlet w/provolone and hot or sweet peppers on a nice crusty roll)  TO DIE FOR!!!!  Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
5	Stopped in accidently.  Great food!  Pizza, yum, meatballs, yum, Eggplant, yum, cream puffs, yum.  Eddie and Shirley, yum ;-)
5	My husband who is really into Subs, this is part of being from Jersey, found their subs to be really amazing.  Better than that though was the owner was so friendly and kind that it is worth going simply to met the man.  Anytime someone shows passion for what they do they are worth a visit.  Vegas seems to be a safe haven for NY Ex-pats, you can get good subs and Pizza. My husbands biggest complaint about california living was that the health nuts couldn't do east coast food.
4	eddie d's is really good you get a good amount of food for your money and the service is friendly.  I had the Robert and it was aawsome i would recommend anyone tryit once if you live or are in that area.
3	I've gotten sandwiches to-go here twice. I've had the Robert, which is their version of capriotti's bobbie. I've also just tried the Al Capone. The Capone had sausage and Chicago beef. It also came with "juice". Which is like their au jus sauce. They have more than just sandwiches. They have pizza which i have yet to try and they also have pastas. Service is friendly and quick. Size of the shop is your normal size for any sandwich joint. But mos def a must try. I will be back to try more of the wide selection on their menu.
5	5 stars for the sandwiches.  (I have yet to try the pizza or pasta; and the french fries I had were meh.)I have been here 3 times now, and every time you feel like you are sitting in the kitchen of your long lost Italian uncle. They make you feel like family.  My husband couldn't decide between the slow roasted pork or the slow roasted beef, so they gave us a sample of both.  And the sample alone was a huge plateful that could feed a family of 4.  It was so tender and I wanted to just drink every last drop of the au-jus.  The meatball sub and the Robert are also divine.I am salivating as I type this. Thank God it is around the corner and i can fulfill my craving whenever I want.
2	Have to disagree with the consensus here.  Been here a couple of times due to being a sandwich afficianado.  Thought the sandwiches were overly salty with mediocre bread.  Seem to just lather it with liquid and the sandwich ends up soggy.Still on a search for a great sandwich in Las Vegas.
5	This east coast old-school Italian eatery is serving up traditional delicatessen style sandwiches with a twist.  Each named after the first family of the New Jersey underground,"The Sopranos".  The Hesh is a new spin on an old classic.  Corn beef, Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Coleslaw all served on a fresh baked Baguettesque Italian Roll along with a side of Russian Dressing for dipping. To say this is my kind of a sandwich would be a huge understatement.  The meatball sub met all my expectations as well. Jam packed with authentic home made meatballs and gravy topped with fresh parmigiana.  Finish it all off with a couple cannolis for desert and you won't be disappointed. I promise.
3	Okay place. Nice employees and pretty good food. Not really worth the drive, though.
4	I love sandwiches and this place has some excellent Italian grinders. The chicken parmesan is great and the place has a very family feel to it.  The owners are a married couple who are always hanging around and mingling with the customers and recommending items from the menu.  They even gave us free sample of the meatballs which are supposed to be the best in town (they were very good).  Definitely worth a trip!
5	I walked in here from a recommendation by My T. and I was instructed to order the "Al Capone" from the specials.  I got that with 2 sides which were a buck each, so no biggie.I took it back to the office so we could split.  I have to say that this is an authentic east coast style joint.  I loved the sandwich... the fresh roll, the sausage, the Chicago shaved beef.  We got some major heart burn.I wish I had read the yelp reviews before going, I would have definitely wanted to try the meatballs, and the Pauly Walnuts sandwich.  I do want to come and try several of the sandwiches, I'm definitely hooked.
4	I must say this place is great for subs! I met the owner and a few of its regulars while i was there and the regulars and the owner recommended the meat ball sub and let me say it was phenomenal.  The meatballs were cook right and were super juicy and the sauce and amount of cheese added to the sub were just enough where nothing overpowered each other so you could taste everything. Bread was fresh from that day as well. The do take out and inside seating and the service and staff are totally friendly and can recommend you anything from fresh cuts to warm sandwiches which would best fit your appetite for the day. Its not hard to find and there is choke parking being its within a shopping center. Indoor seating is comfortable enough to enjoy the meal as it is not a fancy place but more just for casual eats.
4	SO i've been keeping an eye out for the grand opening ( or is it a re-opening ) - ever since yelper Peter made mention of it what seems like a lifetime ago, when i drive by i keep looking for the "open" sign. so i stop by on Saturday ( was going to the bakery next door ) and i see "now open" - it's about 1:30 pm - open the door, " sorry, we don't open until 4." - D A M N ! So i'm in the area on Sunday ...nope ... CLOSED ...damn ! It's about 3 miles from my office - lunch today - OPEN and not too busy. while waiting to order the owner / manager offers a sample of meatballs ...very good. I order : Italian sausage ( add grilled onions ) The Robert ( their version of the Bobbie ) The pulled pork ( add monterey jack ) Total cost $23.50 While waiting i noticed they had other sammies with sharp provolone - it wasn't On the cheese options portion of the menu  - i would've ordered that with the pork ... bummerThe verdict - One constant - the bread - excellent - i give it tops for best sammie roll in the Valley - period. the sausage was amazing - great flavor - liked that the skin was removed - all good. The pork - decent but there wasn't nearly as much cheese as needed and could've used a little more pork. But still, good flavor. The Robert - sorry guys , I do like that you grill up the turkey but the ratio between turkey and stuffing does not compare to your competitor. Overall, I dig this place and look forward to trying all their sammies ! crappy photos posted
2	April 29, 2010 was when I found out that Eddie D's meatballs are definitely one of the best in town. The staff was amazing and so nice when we wandered into the Cheyenne location. We couldn't rave about this place to our friends and family! We were so happy for the Rainbow location to open up so we added them on Facebook to keep track of when the new location was opening since it's so much closer to home and the hours were awesome (open until 3am?? Really? Sweet!)It is Friday June 3 (Opening day!) and my boyfriend and I are craving the meatball subs! Unfortunately, we both had a long day and couldn't make it until later...but wait, they are advertised to be open until 3am! Fantastic. So we stop by for a sub at 12:30am. The door was locked but there were employees inside. One of the employees unlocked the door for us and we walked in. We were deciding on what to get when the employee yells across us to another employee behind the counter..then he yelled back to her then she told us that there is no food left and that everything was already put away. I made sure that they were closing at 3am but she said that they had no food. The door said 3 am and it was advertised all over the Facebook page what the hours were (Note: On Sunday June 5, they re-posted their hours on Facebook and the hours on Yelp are correct). Later, I added a comment to the their Facebook page saying their hours were wrong and what had happened on opening night.I love supporting businesses like this but you can't just change the hours on opening day. Also deleting the comments wasn't so nice..hence the Yelp review.  Good luck in your new location.
4	Nothing beats some good grub after baking out under the sun and a few beers. Hanging out with foodie friends, we were pensive about a new place that is across town. But being foodies, we cannot let our fear of the uncharted cripple us from trying something new. Thank goodness that we didn't. Instead we just sent one person to pick up while we continued to lounge.The place was apparently packed and the wait was long, but they were courteous and gave my friend a slice of pizza and a meatball. He said the pizza was delicious, so it might be the agenda for the next visit.We had ordered 2 Heshes; a pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and thousand island dressing. Both on the side so that the sandwich would not be soggy by the time it got to us. I had ordered the Pauly Walnuts and it was phenomenal. The priscuitto, capicola, and salami was meatastic. The best part was the crusty bread. It provided such a wonderful contrast to everything else within. I would not hesitate to order it again. Although some might complain that it is expensive at $8.50, but it is not bad if you look at all the high quality ingredients. The only down side is that their wings are a breaded mess. If you get them to go, get the sauce on the side.
5	Decided the pick up lunch from here with my coworker that has been here a lot and is always raving that is the best sandwich shop out there.Ive read reviews from other yelpers prior to my visit and decided to go with the Paulys Walnuts with the hard bread.As we were arrived we were greeted by the staff and Eddie's brother.  He quickly told one of the workers to get 2 meatballs for me and my friend to try. The meatballs were packed of flavor and juicy. Way better than the competitors.  Anyways got back to work and took a bite of the sandwiches and it was awesome.  You can taste the quality in the meat, cheese and the bread. I will definitely go back and try the other sandwiches.
4	Yummy meatball sampler hit us as we walked through the door along with great customer service! Had the New Yorker sandwich which was good along with a slice covered in yummy mushrooms. We'll definitely be going back in the future.
3	I'm not sure what to make of this place.  I swung by to pick up lunch and ordered a meatball sub, Sinatra style.  The Sinatra style option is on their paper menu but not on the menu on the wall for some reason.  The cashier didn't know what I was talking about until someone explained it to her.  Sinatra-style, according to the menu, is supposed to add broccoli rabe, sharp provolone and fried hot peppers for an extra $1.99. The restaurant was pretty full but no one had food, which was kind of scary.  The kitchen was pretty backed up for some reason.  It took about 15 minutes to get my sub, which isn't horrible, but longer than I am used to.  The sub didn't rock my world.  The meatballs were ok and the bread was kind of soggy.  And it was missing the sharp provolone and the fried hot peppers. But I liked the broccoli rabe.They may have just been having a bad day. This restaurant isn't particularly close to me so I don't see myself giving it a second try.  Just too many good restaurants in this town to go out of my way to try this again.
3	I agree with Holly, not sure what to think of this place. I went here after hearing friends rave about this place plus my roommate had gone the day before and had ordered the meatball sandwich and kept saying how awesome it was. I mean all the hype about their sandwiches and yet they couldn't meet the expectations I had. Perhaps I expected wayyy tooo much? I ordered the Elliottness along with the New Yorker with a side of potato side.First the the Elliott Ness! I ordered this with pastrami and originally I just received a hot pastrami & cheese no fries! So when I told them my order was wrong, the two employees started yelling at each other for screwing up the order haha! So they threw fries on the sandwich and needless to say the sandwich has no flavor whatsoever, both the pastrami and fries were bland. Not even the dressing could save it!So next I tried the New Yorker, which is hot roast beef sandwich on garlic bread and a side of au jus. Well you get to choose if you want sliced roast beef or shredded roast beef. On this trip we choose the shredded. The meat was nice and tender but again no flavor! Even the au jus was bland! The only semi-saving grace was the garlic bread it was on and that taste was in my mouth all day. And the potato salad was actually pretty decent so that was a surprise.Sadly I was disappointed by the sandwich after paying $20 for 2 people to eat. The sandwiches were pretty small and I still left hungry. Thank goodness for Drago Sisters Bakery next door! I'm willing to give them another shot and try their meatball or Pauly sandwich but I'll stick to Cap's or East Coast Eats for regular visits!
4	While searching for sandwiches one day on Yelp, Eddie D's popped up. I shared this with my fiance who said that he NEEDED to go try this sandwich with french fries in it. After two weeks we finally made it down here on a Thursday night. It wasn't busy at all, but it was fairly late (730ish). Eddie could see that we were newbies and offered us free meatballs to try! Free food? Why yes please and thank you. They even gave us a couple of slices of bread to dip the sauce in as we were waiting for our order.  This definitely put me in a good mood and the meatballs were delicious as was the sauce. The Elliott Ness, pastrami with french fries, is what the fiance ordered. This sandwich was very flavorful and delicious. I had ordered the New Yorker I can't remember what it was called? Slow cooked roast beef with melted provolone. I wasn't too impressed with the slow cooked roast beef, because it wasn't very flavorful to me, but tender and a decent sandwich. I know we will be back. We met "Mama D" and she was really nice to us as well.Everyone was helpful and service was outstanding for the 5 minutes that we were there waiting for our sandwiches to go.  Yay for Eddie's D's!
5	Wow... where to begin.Well, first of all, I'm surprised by some bad reviews.  Someone complained about portion sizes? We were stuffed beyond what we even WANTED! Pretty much a meal for the DAY! Here's what happened: We walked in, were greeted by super friendly guys and introduced to the AWESOME meatballs "just to taste" as one owner put it.  My husband and I ordered a turkey sandwich with fresh mozzarella and roasted peppers to share and an order of ten wings.  Our sandwich came with no mozz, which was really what we wanted...they took it back right away and fixed it happily.  Sandwich was awesome.  The bread and mozz was perfect.  The wings were also SUPER good.  Crispy wet outside,  tender inside.  Medium sauce was delicious.  My husband merely asked about the pizza, and they ended up giving us a slice "just to taste!"  The pizza...wow.  Great NY style.  Thin, crispy crust, great sauce.  Fresh.  Yum. Also got some extra wings...nuts!  We were STUFFED.  Chatted a bit with the guys. They sell all their food by the pound, so if you want some great Italian food for a bunch of people fast, this is your place.  They even have some upstate NY "riggies" dish!Point blank- ambiance rules.  Loud NY chatter, friendly vibe.  "We serve to please" type attitude- something that is truly missing in Vegas.  Thank you Eddie D's, for serving us great homestyle food with such great attitudes.  we felt special and we WILL be back!
3	finally got to sample the much talked about samichs here....i like the idea of the bread, although a bit hard, if you like that kind of bread, then you'll love this roll.  I prefer a softer roll but with more sourdough or bite?the meat is of good quality, I had the "pauly walnuts" prosciutto, sweet cap, genoa salumi... i ordered some cherry peppers on the side, yummmmmm, they use an italian dressing that makes the bread soggy n drips out the bottom.   have to say i'm a bit disappointed, was really looking forward to this samich.they have some HOT options that sound good so I can give em another chance, they have pizza also.... and pastaI didn't get the meatball sample and didn't get much conversation from anyone?let's give it another try and see what happens.....C
4	You had me at "free meatball?"While the decor here is basic, the food is phenomenal. The manager, Gary, was warm and welcoming, and offered the free meatball for the newb. He asked if I was looking for a hot sandwich. I said no, a cold one, and he recommended the Pauly Walnuts. I'm game for things with a funky name, and when the first ingredient was prosciutto, he didn't have to say anything else. The other meats and the fresh cheese were all gravy for me. The funny thing was, the cashier is way at the back. So I told Gary to start making it, and then I had to tell the cashier what he was making for me. She took my name and said she'd bring out the sandwich when it was ready.About 5 minutes later, I had my little slice of heaven ready to be devoured. I'm a fan of hearty bread, and this was some of the best I've had outside of Europe. This is bread that Subway execs have wet dreams about. Fresh, think, and hearty, it was almost a meal unto itself. The meats were fresh and flavorful. I usually have prosciutto by itself, so having it on a sandwich was a little new for me, but still totally tasty. The first bite told me everything: fresh, real, deli meats, real cheese, real good! A little pricey for lunch, but it could probably feed two - I pondered long and hard before delving in to the second half. I'd definitely come back again, and then swing by the bakery next door for dessert.
3	Pretty good sandwiches. The New Yorker ($7.99) was great. Roast beef and melted provolone on garlic bread and a side of jus for dipping.Also tried the Robert on a separate occasion. The Robert is their version of the Bobbie -- Thanksgiving on a bun. Wasn't a fan of the sliced turkey (as opposed to the pulled turkey at Capriotti's) and was surprised that they put melted cheese over it...not good. Capriotti's still has the best turkey day sandwich, but I'd come back to try other ones.
3	I had heard many great things about Eddie D's from friends that frequented the other location, so I was excited to give it a try for lunch recently when I was running errands in the area. As other reviewers have mentioned, the staff is extremely friendly and will ask if you have been there before. Sadly I was not offered a free meatball to try like some of other Eddie D's virgins... I was unsure what I wanted and apparently my facial expression made this clear, because one of the employees suggested I try the Pauly Walnuts which they stated was their most popular sandwich. I also ordered lunch for a friend, the eggplant platter. I thought it was nice that the employee actually brought my to go order out to me rather then calling my name. Sadly, the eggplant platter was placed on it's side in the bag, making a mess. My sandwich was HUGE, with lots of prosciutto, capacola, genoa salami and provolone cheese. It was tasty but simply too much sandwich for me. Eddie D's should consider selling half sandwiches for those of us that are watching our girlish figures! The bread was nice and hard without being stale, but there was too much Italian dressing on the sandwich for my liking. My coworker enjoyed the taste of eggplant platter, but the serving size was pretty small for the price. Overall I was a little disappointed... Perhaps my expectations were too high?
5	The best pizza in town!!! Sandwich's rock also!!
1	YELP REVIEW UPDATEI AM UBER BUMMED, but my review below was for the CHEYENNE location, not this Rainbow location. Apparently the CHEYENNE location went out of business. The last time I was there, the managers told me they were opening a second location (Rainbow).It's all good though, because you can get the original Bobbie from Capriottis just down the street on Cheyenne and Buffalo. It's no knockoff like the Robert.Also, beware of false advertising. These guys claim LV Weekly gave them the award for "Best Sandwich in Las Vegas" in 2010 and 2011. Not entirely true. In 2010, they were tied with Capriotti's. And in 2011, the best sandwich went to The Johnny at Johnny McGuire's. Google it for yourself. Don't buy into false advertising. This place off Cheyenne was damn good. But don't let lies deceive you.In any case, any Yelp reviews you see, might be from the old location at Cheyenne. Not a knock on Eddie D's because I used to love this place. I just don't want my review of the Cheyenne location to transfer over to the Rainbow location. It's not fair.
5	Seen the "coming soon" sign for months.. Finally opened. Hot Sandwiches:New Yorker: Garlic Bread as for the buns, melted Provolone Cheese and Upgraded to the Slow Cooked (hours and hours) Chuck Roast.. Does that sound like a winner or what?.. Well it was! Bursted with Flavor and came with a side of aujus.. dip, bite and enjoy!  (Garlic gave it some depth, but could of done without it, nevertheless still a Great sandwich)Chicken Jerry: Breaded Chicken, Tavern Ham, Swiss Cheese and a unique dipping sauce. Nicely breaded, ham and swiss reminded me of a cordon bleu chicken and the dipping sauce a little sweet and grapey.. Yum!Philly Cheese Steak: Black Angus Steak, sauteed onions, green bell peppers and opted for the provolone. One of the better Phillys I've had!* Homemade Meatballs: Tender, Moist, Balanced seasonings.. Soo Gooood! Got to meet the owners wife and she was absolutely charming and welcoming! We had a nice conversation table side, hilarious lady! Superb Service, Value for food is there and I found nothing wrong after back to back lunch visits.. I will be back for more, indeed!!
3	Call me harsh, but when I bit in to a philly with provolone and the meat had no flavor, which means no basic seasoning (salt and pepper) were used, I'm automatically disappointed.  The rest of the lunch meal wasn't so bad, but I have to admit that I had better.  I ordered the meatball sub, the 9.99 cheese pizza (coupon), the philly, and steak fries.  The meatball sub is huge, which is typical, and smothered just right with sauce and cheese. Their sauce is pretty tangy, and their meatball, although juicy, needed more salt in my opinion.  A little more salt goes a long way. The steak fries weren't steak fries but fat fries.  I do believe that steak fries are flat, not a larger cousin of the shoestrings.  Still, the fries were actually awesome.  The pizza, although the thing, need-to-fold type wasn't awesome, but okay.  I'd eat here again for the fries, but I'm not down for anything else there.  It was just meh.  I'll try them again in six months and see if they improve.  Until then, dear readers, try it for yourself, but stay close to their salt and pepper shakers.  You may need just a touch more.
4	I loved the Cheyenne/Durango location. I was very sad when they moved. Besides being very convenient and having a great selection of sandwiches, I always came back for Shirley's service. Eddie and her made it feel comfortable to just sit and enjoy lunch.  This is the first place I tried the broccoli rabe in a sandwich.  It's an acquired taste, that I got on the first try.I see others comparing Eddie D's to Capriotti's.  That's like comparing quality to quantity.  Customer service will always get me to return. I wish I could give 5 stars, but they lost one when they moved so far away.
2	Just ok for us. We both ordered  Sammys. Hubby got Philly Cheese steak, I got Roast Beef. Not very flavored. Meat was "chewy" and hard to eat. The free meatball was ok, needs more salt. They are super friendly though (although, they were almost too friendly and it was uncomfortable to eat). We both had horrid gas that night (I know, TMI! lol)Don't think we will be back as there are better options in town
3	Automatic star deduction for not having fountain soda, one 12oz can just isn't going to cut it for lunch. I had The Hesh sandwich, pastrami and cheese with a side of thousand island a side of cole slaw. I figured these would come on the sandwich but whatever. Sandwich, fries and a 12 oz drink cost me $13 something, that's a little much. Sandwich was fine, but nothing to really Yelp about. I was not offered the free meatball tasting :( but the next people to walk in were so I guess that whole thing is a little hit and miss. I came with a friend and her 2yr old son. She decided to have two slices of pizza at $2.99 per slice and the girl at the counter convinced her to just order a whole pizza for $9.99. What a great suggestion as that translates into some pizza for me! The owners were friendly, in fact a little much so. They were at the table every few minutes touching the baby, making faces at the baby, cooing at the baby, petting the baby, etc. I haven't spent a lot of time around babies but I found this behavior to be a little much. I would have preferred to just sit there and eat my lunch undisturbed....but they did give junior a free ice cream bar, so that was nice. I'll probably give this place another shot if I'm in the area, but I'm not going to drive across town for it.
4	good sandwiches. great bread and good meats
5	Yummy.....bring your own bottle of wine...eddie will open for ya
4	Came with husband and mother in law, firs time for us, we'd tried once before, but on Sunday's they are closed.  Well, the minute we walked in, the entire staff was treating us as if we were family, the owners quickly came over to the table, showing us the menu and talking about how we came to their establishment.  After a thorough review, we decided on the order and I walked to the cashier to place it.  I was told immediately that our choices were all good choices.While waiting for the food, they came back over to offer a sample of their meatballs, these were really good, very tender and just the right amount of seasoning.  We got three sandwiches to try, we had two of the "Johnny Sack" which has hot capicola, prosciutto, sharp provolone on this really good bread, and marinated tomatoes.  It was really good.  We got two of "Pauly Walnuts", which had prosciutto, capicola, genoa salami, sharp provolone on their bread and it had the marinated tomatoes and lettuce.  Both were really good.We also wanted to try a pizza, so we ordered a mushroom, olive and sausage pizza.  The crust was crispy on the bottom, not too thick and really good.  With the owners ensuring we had everything we could possible want, the service was excellent, and we enjoyed the food.  We'll be back for sure!
3	We went to Eddie D's with some anticipation after opening the door and seeing the prep station was open to view and the nice welcome we got from the cashier.  Even though we were getting take out, she invited us to sit and brought us over a sample of their meat balls.  We ordered our pie to go and I tackled the meat ball.  the sauce was delicious.  while the meat ball itself was a bit dry, the sauce was 10x better so who noticed once you combine them.  Service was quick despite it being lunch hour and it seemed to be quite a few regulars since the counter staff called them by name.  Sadly when we got home with our pie, it was uber disappointing. the dough was cardboardish, the sauce was just a swipe and the extra cheese we'd ordered was none existent.  Since our dentist & new favorite bakery is there as well, we will go back and try the sandwiches.  From the reviews here, it looks like their sandwiches fare better then that pizza.  Of course there is the Vegas water factor in the dough.
3	Got a pauly.  Heard it was good. Not terrible. Papa Geo's gets the point tho
5	Food is great and Eddie and his wife are fantastic.
3	Checked out Eddie D's for lunch one day.  Walking up, we couldn't tell if it was an actual store, or if there was another entrance because the whole front side is plastered with this graphic window film that you couldn't see through but, once you get inside, you can totally see the outside.  I guess it's to block the sun, but God forbid the store gets held up, you can't see what's going on and you innoncently walk in...sucks for you.Usually when the s/o and I hit up a new sandwich spot, we each order a sandwich and swap half for the other's to get a good sampling.I ordered their Pauly Walnuts and the s/o ordered the Johnny Sack.  Both sandwiches were piled high with meat but unfortunately, when we swapped halves, I had a hard time telling which was which as they tasted quite the same, until the Hot Capicola in the Johnny Sack woke my tastebuds.  Speaking of the Johnny Sack, it did have quite a bit of flavor and I loved the Sharp Provolone that it was served with but, for some reason, the meat was really cold, almost frozen, then sure enough, when I pulled the tomato out, it was partially frozen, what the?My Pauly Walnuts was good, it was like a tame version of the Johnny Sack.  Funny how it was served with Sharp Provolone too but, I could barely taste it.  And yes, the meat was also very cold and the tomato was partially frozen.  Okay, I'm fine with the meat being almost frozen as it's probably easier to cut, but the tomato, really?  Also, the bread they use was kind of tough.  IMO, if the sandwich was heated, it would've tasted so much better.Overall, Eddie D's serves up good sandwiches but, it's nothing to write home about, well, Yelp excluded.
4	ok food. not bad, not good, just in the middle. Got the turkey sandwich with gravy. the sandiwch was pretty big for the price i paid for. its a basic thanksgiving turkey dinner between two pieces of bread sandwich, nothing special just regular. the gravy was a bit TOO salty. I wouldnt recommend going there every single day or week, but stop by time to time, and you'll be happy with them
1	First of all the 80 year old lady, that THROWS herself on people in there hugging them and kissing them HAS GOT TO GO.  2nd of all WHAT a DUMP, it looks like they spent under 1,000.00 dollars to put that place together. When it comes to ordering the food WATCH OUT for HIDDEN FEES (cashier will not give you a reciept to show you), the so called philly cheesesteak was the WORST I ever had, it was DRY and tasted like you were chewing on a TIRE.  If you want a better sandwich go to the FROZEN FOOD ISLE in the grocery store.THE SERVICE was SLOW and UNORGANIZED (I think it was everybodys 1st day on the job).    WILL NOT BE BACK.
3	Made my debut around noon after reading about "the Robert" in the Weekly. Place was pretty empty, but that only usually worries me in a real sit-down joint. The older lady hadn't arrived yet, but the grill cook gave me a free meatball, which I thought was tasty. The sandwich was good, but there is so much room to make it really legendary. The turkey was grilled, but hey why not use carved turkey and not deli meat. The menu says Stove Top stuffing, so you know what your getting, but hey why not make a homemade batch of stuffing? Clearly, the bread was quite tasty and a side of cranberry sauce was a nice touch, but hey why not buy some cranberries and make some magical sauce - I do it every thanksgiving. It was a friendly place and at $7.99, I feel I got good value, but it wasn't memorable and I don't think this is where they excel, it is an Italian place afterall.
4	Very good sandwiches, but very overpriced.The base of the sandwich here is Eddie D's signature bread, which is easiest described as a ciabatta.I've had two sandwiches here. The first was a daily special called the Sausage Diablo. It's a hot Italian sausage, split and grilled, and topped with freshly sauteed peppers, onion and tomato sauce.The second sandwich I ordered was a riff on the Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia. Semi-off-menu, I ordered up a roast pork sub prepared the way they make their eggplant sandwich, the Meadow - topped with broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers and sharp provolone. Au jus on the side.Since Eddie D's names their sandwiches after Sopranos characters, and since my off-menu creation is essentially a "Pork Meadow," let's refer to it as the Jackie Jr.The one hesitation I have about this place is the price. $8-11 is too much to pay for a counter-service sandwich, even a good one like this.
5	Eddie D's is simply outstanding. They are what they say they are which is delicious. The "Robert" beats the Bobbie hands down. Who doesn't want gravy with a Thanksgiving sandwich? The Chicken Philly is right there with the best in the city if not better (and Pop's is tough to beat). I even had a meatball sample and was blown away (and I don't normally eat beef!). The bread and meat make the difference. I'm so glad to have a place where everything including the service is great. Thank you Eddie and family!!
5	I am absolutely in love with this place! The people that work there are super nice and helpful. They give you a free meatball if it's your first time there and it's the best meatball I've ever eaten. We got a platter of them which comes with little pieces of bread. Amazing! After we were done with those, our pizza came out. Pepperoni pizza and we put oregano, parmesan cheese, garlic and roasted red peppers on it. SO good! I will definitely be back there :)
5	Eggplant, Meatballs, Thin Crust pizza mmmmmmm
2	Had a great coupon from yelp! Ordered a Philly and the grilled Italian and get a 14' pizza. The Philly was good but needed seasoning on the steak. The grilled Italian was ok but I've had way better( the meat was good but I'm not a big balsamic vinegar fan. Most places back east put good italian dressing on it). The pizza was BIG and ok but not real amazing sauce. The only real problem my husband and I had with Eddie D's was that the delivery driver showed up at our home with his cigarette in his hand at my door!!! (WHO DOES THAT IN VEGAS!!!) all and all ok food but really really bad delivery driver!! We might order pick up food but really not sure.
3	As Jay said, good sandwiches, a bit overpriced.  I had the Italian beef combo with a can of soda and standard frozen style fries for $10, and my lady had an Italian chicken sandwich with broccoli rabe for $9.Beef was dry, as was the chicken, but the chicken was better and moistened with the rabe.Staff was friendly and helpful and gave me some giardiniera for the beef which helped.  Overall I probably wont be going out of my way to eat here again, even tho I really wanted to try the meatballs which people say are amazing...
1	The sandwich was good.  I won't deny it but it was painfully over priced.  Two subs, two bottled waters and I was out nearly $24... just sandwiches, no fries or chips or salad...Now for the real kicker the elderly couple running the place are either attention starved or have no, NO knowledge of the hospitality industry.  My friend and I could not peacefully eat our dinner.  They not only kept coming by every 3 minutes to ask us how we liked it they wanted to chat.  The fellow even sat down at our table and chatted at us and, here is the kicker.  HE. KEPT. TOUCHING. ME... yes you read that correctly he could not keep his hands to himself.  This on top of the fact that he made fun of my friend for being disabled when we were seated at our table telling us, "the nights that he has midgets serving everything is half off."  0_oReally you make fun of a woman walking with a cane and in the same breath rip on little people??? CLASSYOH did I mention this was all to the background noise of two televisions blaring FOX news at a decibel which either implied that the cook wanted to hear it in the back, or the couple was hard of hearing.Really stay the fuck away unless you like being pawed by an old east-coaster and cannot eat with out constantly reassuring someone that the food you just bought isn't shit.  No sandwich is good enough to put up with that crap in my mind...
3	Meatball is pretty good. Can get chaotic in her at lunch. Overall good, not great, pricing is a little on the steep side for what you get.
5	Eddie D's moved back east.  Now it's Rocco.  Five stars for the nice lady that was here.
5	Eddie D's is no more :(. It's Rocco's now. I don't know who this Rocco guy is but his meatballs don't taste half as good as the ones Eddie made. The rest of the food is also downgraded. The worst part? No more Eddie and Shirley (old owners)! They are greatly missed as they were a HUGE part of why Eddie D's was so great.
1	Golfball size meatballs. I mean tiny. What's this?!! No Italian I know makes these teeny meatballs. Almost $10 for 6 meat golf-balls. Sad. And the flavor? Nothing remarkable. For anyone who was lucky enough to experience the huge $10 meatball-and-farm-fresh-ricotta appetizer (meal!) at Jr's Place near Russell/Durango (now closed, boo hoo!) there's really absolutely no comparison.
