5	Go see Frankie's show.  Now.This was really the best show I have seen in a while and I didn't even know who Frankie was before this weekend.  He did a mix of original songs and covers like Eleanor Rigby, Mack the Knife and Blue Christmas (it is that time of year).  Each piece was high energy and Frankie said more than once how excited they were to have their own showroom.  In fact at one point, he took a bottle of Crown Royal and went through the audience giving away shots.  Nice.The only negative for the whole thing was the room itself (smelled a little musty) and a weird short video they played in the middle.  But even that isn't enough to bring it down from a 5-star show. Watching this show, I had a feeling I was catching a performer on the verge of making it big (or at least bigGER).  So, go catch it while the tickets are so cheap ($19.99 for locals).  There is a 10-piece band, lots of laughing and the guy has an amazing voice.  Oh, and ladies, he is a cutie.
5	What a wonderful night and show.  Moreno is truly one of the most talented people we have ever seen in modern Las Vegas.   This is the way people should see a real show and real entertainer.  You better see him soon before the prices skyrocket and he lands in a big Showroom.  Drinks at a Table and Band with Strings and  a horn section! You are in the Show, not just a spectator.  Las Vegas the way it should be where the Talent is the Show and not the Stage Sets.We Loved it!
5	ONE of MY TOP 10 FAVORITE LIVE EVENTS/SHOWS --- OF MY LIFE!!! --- I'm talking about FRANKIE MORENO at The Stratosphere Hotel! WOW! WOW! WOW!The odds of you not moving some part of your body while a part of Frankie Moreno's performance is about the same odds of staying still as a drumstick in the hands of John Bonham at a Led Zeppelin Concert. Frankie Moreno is so talented that you meet only a few of his kind your whole life. The show is unbelievable in every sense of the word. He's the definition of world-class entertainment that Vegas was born on. During his show he reaches back and touches the best of the past, pulling out memories or creating new ones for every member of the audience. It doesn't matter what age you are or what type of music you are into, the show pushes every sensory button you've got in your body and then some. You just can't stay still while you watch it, it's impossible. You will move and you will be moved.Frankie Moreno is a musician in every aspect of the word; writing, playing, and performing, like no one else I've, or probably you've, ever seen. While you're inside the theater, looking up on that stage, you're witnessing the future of something extraordinary. That's a fact. The show's a gift to all of us here and everyone that visits. I enjoyed it so much I couldn't wait to share what it was it like with you. I hope all of you give yourself a shot at falling in love with this show like I have and go see it sometime! I'm going back for sure!
5	Better go see this Guy before he hits even a bigger Show Room.   Probably the most talented young Entertainer to hit Las Vegas in years.  We have seen most of Big Shows in Vegas and Moreno Tops all of them in shear talent.  We love the old style Las Vegas Entertainment were you can sit a Table with friends and have a few drinks.Party on and do it now before it cost you $150 bucks!
5	I'm a local and professional musician in another show on the strip.  I heard Frankie was good but 'good' doesn't even come close to describing the energy and fun this show somehow contains.  Frankie has a cool, debonair stage presence and voice that make him instantly likeable.  I was impressed with his musicality and the arrangements of the tunes were VERY interesting and well done.  The 10 piece band (rare now-a-days) was kickin', including horns and a pretty cute string section. (well done, sir.)  Everyone on stage looked like they were having a blast, the lights were programmed well, the slap-stick humor was tasteful and funny, and it was just a wildly entertaining show from start to finish.  Definitely check out this rising-star on his way up.  Best of luck to you Frankie, I really enjoyed it.
5	Have been following Frankie for a few years now. Have seen him with Air Supply, at the Rush Lounge at the Golden Nugget, at the M, SouthPoint, the Palms...Always said his day would come. It has. have been to the Strat numerous times to enjoy a spectacular show and evening. Frankie and the entire band are true entertainers. You can not help but enjoy the show because he makes you part of it. yes, Old Vegas, in a new show. Better see him now!
5	After the buzz on this dude, I had to check him out. All I can say is get there before he moves to a much more expensive room down the strip. IMHO He will soon demand a much higher ticket price at one of the fancy schmancy casinos in the Central Strip area. He is beyond talented and so is his band. I think he could outshine Michael Buble' down the road.This is the same showroom that Danny Gans started his ascent in and it is a roomy and nice showroom. The only caveat......we were being blasted in our seats by the volume and bass of the speakers nearby. Next time, we will ask for a better seat in the center of the showroom. In spite of sound problems, we will be back. GO SEE THIS KID!
5	Wow what a great show!  Frankie is so talented.  Has such a great voice, plays piano and guitar, he's funny, his band is incredible.  He's like a modern day Frank Sinatra/ Dean Martin that's funny/corky and can play instruments? We got to meet everyone after the show, everyone is so HUMBLE!  Even if they did a terrible show I would still give it 5 stars because of how down to earth everyone is.
5	I was invited to this show by a friend who is part of the elite yelpers =) At first I thought we were going to see Frank Marino Divas, but as soon as we got to the Stratosphere I noticed the billboard which said Frankie Moreno lol. I wasn't sure what to expect, I've never even heard of him. I went in with an open mind and was BLOWN away. For me it was hard to watch him perform his original songs and not know the music to sing along with, but I definitely was moving my body to the music.Throughout the show it just got better and better. Could it be the shots he and the band were taking during the show, or could it be that they came out to the audience and shared those shots lol =) Seriously though Frankie is very talented. Between his singing, comedy here and there,  playing the piano, harmonica and guitar, there was never a dull moment. Did I forget to mention that Frankie and his brother Tony (guitar player) are HOTT!!!! Let's not forget the band, they were awesome as well.If you like Sinatra, Dean and Elvis, Frankie's got all that in him. I could listen to him sing to me all day. Absolutely loved it! Let's face it, who doesn't love good entertainment???Anywho, I'm bad at writing these reviews which is why I've only done one before this. If I'm taking the time out of my day to try to write a review that ought to tell you something ;) How much more convincing does one need =)If you'd like to know more please feel free to ask =)
5	he is the BEST in vegas, so real. its refreshing to see talent again here in this fake town, everyone who meets him falls in love, his band is top notch and hotties i might add.. such an eye candy show. after 1 time of seeing him your going to want to listen to them on pandora or buy there cd... this is a must see!
5	WOW! Best traditional singer/band performance on the strip.Mr. Moreno was been around for quite a while as a performer, singer/song writer and has honed his craft. His show at the Stratosphere is amazing. Well polished, fun, energized and engaging. He is a real talent and super approachable. Poses for photos and autographs after the show. He loves to perform and so does his band. Adult contemporary, pop, rock, R&B he and his band does it all.Great value even at full price which I believe was under $40 (locals score with even a better deal about $25) Look forward to seeing each visit to LV.
5	This is the second time I have seen the Frankie Moreno show and it was awesome each time! This time I was lucky enough to sit right next to the stage. The VIP seating is worth it! The way the room is set up every seat is a good seat but there are perks to sitting close to the stage:Perk #1 I could see Frankie and the band without my glasses. He is an awesome performer! The band is also fantastic!Perk #2 I'm pretty sure Frankie pointed to me during one of his songs...true story haha lol. Perk #3 During some of his last songs you are able to take pictures so It's a great spot to do so! Perk #4 If the Crown Royal girls are there they give out free stuff. I received a free shirt and a shot. The shot tasted like gasoline to me but my husband enjoyed it! He played some songs off his new album. The one that stood out but I didn't hear the title is one that he may be signing as a duet with Norah Jones. Lovely song! He also played some of my older favorites like Let's Fake a Honeymoon, Tangerine Honey, and I'm Sorry. I love this show because he interacts with the audience and the banter between him and the band is entertaining. I think this is the best deal on the strip! You don't have to pay hundreds of dollars to be entertained. The VIP tickets cost about $33.00 dollars but I'm not sure if that included a local discount. Frankie also does a meet and greet after the show which is very cool! My husband was asking me if I was going to take another picture with him since I already had one..."I was like a yeah ...of course! "
2	Walked out during the first 10 minutes.
5	Great music, funny as all hell. I had such a kick ass time! It was an awesome show, I am totally going again when I get a chance.
5	We have to say Frankie is  one of the very best entertainers we have ever seen.  And we were lucky to see most of the big names since the 80's in Las Vegas.  He will continue learning and will become even more well rounded.  He doesn't need any more Talent.  I only have one negative comment.  In 2011 we saw Frankie at the South Point and were blown away with his talent.  We recomended his show to everyone but one couple returned from Las Vegas and said they hated the show.  TOO Loud.  They were older folks and we understand.  We were lucky in Aug. to again see Frankie at the Strat.  Amazing Show and talent.  But, they really need to cut down the volume a bit.  At time you simply could not hear Frankie.  We still believe he is the one of the best ever and will always attend his Shows when we go to Las Vegas.  But we will be in the back of the Room.  This Band Rocks!
5	Frankie was incredible!  I was a little skeptical that the Stratosphere was hosting his new show but had to check it out. The venue is perfect with booth and table seating. The band was very talented and of course Frankie was his talented, gorgeous, and entertaining self! I loved the mixture of original and hit songs they performed with great solos from most all of the band members. The Frankie Moreno show is on the top of my "MUST SEE" list for tourist. I can't believe this show is so inexpensive! If you are a local grab tickets from the box office for $20 each. Regular price seats are only $40. Splurge on the VIP for this show if you want a close up and personal experience. Pros: Great variety of musicAwesome bandHigh, fun energyYummy eye candy :) It really feels like Frankie is personally singing to you, the boyfriend might of been a little jealous of my drooling!Picture ops with Frankie and the band at the end of the show and afterCons: I didn't' want it to end! So great!
4	Good show don't understand how someone this much talent is stuck at the strato,
5	This is one of the most affordable and fun shows on the strip.  I like this show so much that I brought my parents and made it an entertainment choice during a company meeting.  The talent of not only Frankie but his big band with a dash of humor and tremendous charisma really captivates you for the whole show.  If you're shy I recommend sitting in the back and if you want to be close to the action and maybe want to admire his moves and handsomeness then by all means get seats up close.  I plan on seeing this show in the future and make it one of my recommendations to all friends and coworkers that visit the strip.
5	I absolutely love this show! Their rendition of Stand By Me had me floored! If you want to experience the best music in Vegas, this is it! It is unlike anything else you will find on the strip.
5	OMG! If you love live music, you must see this show! Frankie and his band are so energetic, funny, and entertaining! They had us up clapping half the show. I think the band was well selected and did a fabulous job on solos. This show is a must see in Vegas. I will be back (because I hear it is different everytime). Thank you Toni and Frankie!
5	Ooooowooogaaaa Ooooowoooga!!! I felt like the wolf in Tex Avery's Red Hot Riding Hood. My tongue fell out and I had to roll it back up. Ok, back to the review. The show started out with some shameless plugs, local and big time celebrities on the big screen saying how great Frankie is, is it corny? Yea probably, but is it supposed to be taken seriously? Not sure, but it was funny. The band is incredible, it is loud, and I see some other reviewers complaining about it, but it's a live band! And they're AWESOME. Frankie is truly an entertainer, he engaged the audience, (at one point he was passing out shots of Crown), he had moves, and he's got an amazing voice. He writes his own material, which we were treated to a couple of his songs, but he also included covers of big names like The Beatles. I am totally loving this show! Right down to all of his manery (that's man jewelery, lots and lots of it, bracelets, necklace). I wish them nothing but luck, and I can't see him being at the Stratosphere for long. Too much talent! Take advantage of the deals, 50% off for hotel guests and 25% for Vegas locals.
5	Best show, best value on the Strip!!
5	Per Frankie this show was fucking awesome! No assholes here....Frankie and the entire band are amazing! I've never seen so much talent on one stage. Thanks Frankie!
3	If you like Michael Buble, you'll dig this show!If you like retro night on American Idol, you'll dig this show!If you like playing Rat Pack with your Ken and Barbie dolls, you'll dig this show!And if you like air-humping, pelvic thrusting, eyelash-batting and toothy smiles...you'll like this show so much, you'll probably cream your "What Happens Here, Stays Here" panties, and should get over to the Strat STAT!!! If, however, like myself, you're a miserable old cynic with a chronic snark affliction.....then it might take a few martinis or magic brownies before you dig this show. That being said, the band is excellent, the energy level is super high, and everyone on stage is so gosh-darn good looking and enthusiastic, it's like watching the Vegas Mickey Mouse Club! The tickets are affordable, the showroom is small enough to where all the seats are good ones, and the walk from the parking garage to the theater is unbelievably scenic, and will burn at least 15,000 calories.Which you will undoubtedly make up for with your martinis and brownies.
5	Wonderful show. This guy can do EVERYTHING and the band rocks too.  He may be the next Freddie Mercury minus the gay part. Fine for older kids too and your mother will not be embarrased!
2	It's the cruise ship show- "I love myself and you should too".Let me start out by saying that all the performers are very talented musicians. Excellent on their instruments and Frankie has a great dynamic voice.That being said, the show is very confusing. It doesn't really have a good flow. The first thing you get is several huge video screens with clips of famous entertainers praising Frankie. This goes on for a good 5 to 10 min. Weird. I think these videos would be better suited to playing in the lobby, before the show.the show was only about 1 1/4 hours and had many solos by the various artists,  I felt the show was too short to have so many solos in it. My wife said it was okay.There were several songs that Frankie really belted out and had great energy with. FANTASTIC! More of that PLEASE.then the show shifted to a weird video about Frankie and his brother's traveling and writing songs. ???? There were two videos like this in the show.Frankie seemed to be doing the audience a favor by allowing us to see him perform. Lots of inappropriate comments and foul language. an attempt a humor I suppose. To top it off at the end Frankie says "if you liked the show, please review it on yelp. If you didn't like it, don't' be a d*ck".WOW did he just say that?Too bad. Frankie is obviously very talented. if he pulled out all the weird videos, re-worked the song list and lost arrogant attitude he might have a winner.
5	Best Show, Best Value a must see for locals and guests when in Las Vegas!
5	What an amazing show, truly one of the best in Vegas. If I could give 10 stars, I absolutely would... all of the rave reviews are right on target!Frankie, his brothers, the band, the fun, and the entertainment make for the perfect night in Vegas. I have been lucky enough to see the show many times and love going back for more. If you don't know any of the songs, you'll leaving singing one of them and hop on iTunes so you can play your favorites day in and day out. Great show, wonderful and talented performers (and people)... this is a can't miss!
5	This guy is really amazing- he and his ban ROCK!They play a medley of their own music and classics, sprinkled with comedy and a few personal videos of their lives. Frankie is really talented, and fricken everything apparently. He sings, dances, plays the piano, plays the piano backwards, uses a harmonica- well you get the picture. I think they use nearly every instrument known to man up there! I would certainly go see him again, and hope he stays here for a while.
5	SOLID!Honestly, I never heard of the guy except for seeing him on billboards all over town. So finally I got to see him along with my wife and her two friends at 20 bucks a pop because that's the locals price which is not a bad deal at all.Since I was not familiar him, I found out firsthand what he was all about. Anytime you have your own singing show in Vegas, you better have a really good band to back you up and Frankie's band knocked it out of the park! Each individual band member ranging from the saxophone, cello, violin, trombone, and guitar, all the way up to the drummer had their own solos at different parts of the show that highlighted their elite skills not to mention Frankie himself performing duets with them.Frankie also has two other brothers that help out during the show which I thought was kind of cool by keeping it in the family. One brother plays the guitar while the other does funny skits that involves the audience some of the time.Frankie himself is one man talent show. He can sing, dance, and play numerous instruments including the guitar, the harmonica, the drums, and his best instrument, the piano. His vocal range is off the charts. Some of the songs he sings go from high to low and vice versa without him missing a beat. This guy kind of reminds me of a young Elvis with the way he entertains the crowd with the movement of his hips, especially to the ladies young and old.As for the songs he sings, some he wrote for other singers, some he wrote for himself, and others he does awesome covers of some of his favorites. Some of the songs he sings just strictly playing the piano and I must say it seems like the piano itself is apart of him meaning whatever he thinks, the piano does. Forget the keystrokes, it seems like he is barely touching the piano at all. That is how good he is.Overall Frankie is a good showman its obvious that his actions are based on the crowd reaction. For instance, in between songs he would talk for a bit and ask people in the audience questions. Sometimes the next song he sings is because of the interaction that just happened. So I can honestly say every show is not gonna be the same. Frankie does a good job of keeping the show flowing. Its a solid 75 minute nonstop roller coaster ride!
5	I missed the Yelp event here after Moreno opened and I wanted to go see the show.  After seeing the show last night, it's easy to give him 5 stars.  Moreno is an excellent performer, a man skilled in putting on a good show and highlighting his many talents.  He also has a band backing him up that's simply superb!  Nine member sin the band and they blow the roof off the room.Much of Moreno's music is unknown to me because it's music he and his brothers have written.  The show varies from rock to ballad, to Jerry Lee Lewis-like banging the keys on the piano.  If Moreno wasn't so talented, I'd say he was showing off, but he simply is an excellent piano player.  In addition, in one number he has a bit of a drum duet with his drummer.  In a couple of songs he plays guitar.  He sings very well, a strong voice with excellent enunciation!  This is a show I'll recommend to friends from out of town.  I think it's the only show like it on the Las Vegas Strip.  Very enjoyable!
4	Amazing show! Bought tickets online (VIP right next to stage). When we got there, we were moved to handicap section at the back of floor. After show my wheelchair bound brother asked to wait around for pic or autograph - no Frankie and 2 other band members totally walked past him when he tried to say hello. Not cool.
5	My wife and I were staying at the Golden Nugget Downtown in 2011 when we stumbled across Frankie Moreno and the band playing to an amped crowd at an intimate little bar called "Rush Lounge".  He was charming, funny, interactive, doing shots of Crown Royale and of course, killin' it on the piano and on the mic.  Getting to know him and his brothers along with the folks who followed them has been a true pleasure and it was ultimately one of the coolest experiences we've ever had in Vegas.Nowadays, Frankie has seriously blown up!  He's now a headliner at the Stratosphere where we absolutely cannot miss going to see them when in Vegas.  Every time we go, we bring new friends and family to see his amazing show including during the summer and for the first time this past year, we saw his New Years Eve show.  When you go to see the show, it's a given that you're going to be blown away by Frankie and the band who are so incredibly talented that they recently made headlines by singing on "Dancing with the Stars".  We recommend the show to everyone we talk to and I'm stoked to do the same on Yelp.  The only drawback would be the crowd itself.  Frankie thrives on an energetic, enthusiastic crowd.  If you're going in hopes of sitting there and snoozing, please don't bother!  But if you want to get outta your seat, hoot and holler and watch Frankie respond by climbing on his grand piano and belt out tunes backward, then this show is for you.  It's a mix of throwback Vegas Jazz, Rock, Pop and well-timed ballads.  Think Harry Connick Jr., Chris Isaac, Billy Joel and Jerry Lee Lewis all rolled into one.  And lets not forget those badass folks working the instruments behind him.  From Tony on Bass to Jennifer on the Violin, every single one of them are stoked to be up there playing to packed houses at the Strat multiple times a week.BTW, the show, while an amazing experience, can't be taken on the road with you.  So check out his album "Frankie Moreno" on iTunes, it's been a staple of my listening pleasure for well over a year.  I still have "I'm Sorry" and "Never Mine" in steady rotation on my iPhone playlists.  I think it would be really helpful to hear some of his original songs before you go to see him in person.  But no matter what, you're gonna dig the tunes, the atmosphere and the awesome vibe at the Frankie Moreno show at the Strat!
5	Third time seeing Frankie Moreno! Highly recommend this show. Very talented and entertaining!
5	The Best!!! Singer and musician with a super 9 piece band behind him. Original music that becomes so easy to like. Half way thorough the performance everyone is enjoying themselves even if you are new to his music. I have seen it every time I have gone to see the show. Enjoyed it so much we went back the next night. Great performance with his warm personality and energy!!! A must see!!!
5	Oh my Frankie Moreno is HOT HOT HOT!!!! This was my second time seeing his show and it did not disappoint. Frankie puts on an amazing show engaging the audience and leaves us begging for more!This time I bought his CD's too! He is donating half to help bring music back into schools. He is so worth seeing, you will not be disappointed.Don't miss this fabulous show .... I hope Frankie keeps entertaining can't wait for my next trip to Vegas to see him again!
5	A-Freaking-Mazing! I don't normally like big band type shows but this guy was amazing. Great brass section, great energy, great crowd interaction and he's a virtuoso on that piano of his... fun, fun, fun- I was smiling the entire ride home.
5	My wife and I have seen over 20 shows in the last year and this was easily the best. Very talented, I can't believe this guy isn't a huge star
5	What a great way to spend an evening as you will be entertained from the minute you sit down. Frankie is an absolute pleasure to watch perform with his band .With his looks, charm and talent  I am sure everybody will know his name soon !Fantastic experience , thank you Frankie for an absolute splendid evening
5	This was our first time seeing this show . It was fantastic . What a great show . Wanting to go back already . Love it !! Best show in Vegas .
5	This by far the best show on the entire strip. Every time I am in Vegas I end up going to this show, and I stay on the opposite end of the strip, but this is worth the trek! The band is legit, I mean seriously, they rock. The string section is amazzzzzing! They have this hot blonde violinist that could play with the best. Every single member of the band is honestly just great. Frankie Moreno is probably the best performer I personally have ever seen in my entire life. He gets the crowd excited, he owns the stage and his talent with mixed with his band is mind blowing!!
5	It's a really good show, if it's type of music. There were a lot of old people there though, but I guess that's the kind of people they want to attract?? But I'm writing about the show itself because I really liked it, and the casts was really upbeat. Frankie Moreno is very talented at what he does!
5	Frankie Marino is a great entertainer and he will not disappoint you at all. This is like my wife and I's 4th time seeing him as we are locals here in Las Vegas and you can get free tickets by going to this website www.showtickets4locals.com We go to this show as often as possible as Frankie has every kind of music inside of him from Elvis to Sinatra.
5	This show was amazing! It has a total Vegas vibe. Frankie is super talented and energetic. We will definitely go see this show again.
5	I thought this might be another ho hum act until my musical director friend told me otherwise.  So decided to go see his show and WOWI  Frankie did things with the piano that seemed impossible.  He was funny, had a fantastic voice, and a great band.  It was so much more than we expected.
5	If visiting Vegas, this is a MUST SEE show with huge bang for your buck. Spring for the VIP seats...it's worth it. Frankie and his band are amazing. I've seen the show many times over the last couple of years and each time, it is a little different but always super fun. After the show, you can go to floor 107, enjoy a drink and a spectacular view.
4	Definitely a fun and enjoyable show!!!Had seats off to the side of the showroom but still could see all the action on the stage!If you want original music, with a few covers, then this is the show to go see.  The love song he sang (sorry, I forgot the name), that he stated was to be recorded by Ray Charles before his passing, was GREAT.  Frankie's cover of "Bridge Over Troubled Water" towards the end of the show was great as well...very powerful/emotional in my opinion.Frankie and his band seem to have a great time on stage and interacting with the audience.  I love that he takes shots of Crown Royal on stage too...happens to my favorite drink of choice!!!Props to the opening band who sang 2 songs which are students from a Las Vegas music academy that Frankie supports!  How many 15 - 17 year old kids can say they perform on the Las Vegas Strip? Thought that was a classy move!A good evening of fun and music!
5	Great Show! Frankie is talented, funny and a wonderful showman. His band is awesome, and the way he interacts with his members on stage is worth the price of admission alone. Very entertaining and fun! After the show the band the band sells CD's and shirts, and the band comes out to autograph them and take pics with their fans.
5	He puts on an incredible show. One of the most talented people I have ever seen. Him and his band have hilarious banter. He did a couple of really creative and awesome things throughout the show but I won't give it away. If you enjoy good music and passionate performances. Go see this dude.
2	FRANKIE MORENO, A MIXED BAGOK, so last night (10/2/13) we went to see Frankie Moreno (no, not that drag queen guy, the one with real talent) at the Stratosphere.  The whole thing was a mixed bag.First, the good stuff.  The theatre was top notch, with very comfortable chairs, rock solid tables, clean carpets, excellent lighting throughout and a fine sound system.  And the "seating density" was very moderate, so that we were "approximate" to others but not crammed in like sardines.  Drink service was very attentive and friendly, with some outright humor.  Excellent ambiance.The pre-show video was (largely) interesting and informative (I knew nothing of his background).Kudos to Moreno for his massive talent as a singer, musician and songwriter.  He delivers the show in a high energy style that clearly requires significant aerobic capability and physicality.He has a fine nine-piece band made up of a drummer, a long-legged string trio, a brass trio, one lead and one bass guitarist.  Moreno handles piano, harmonica, guitar and vocals.  Together, they put out a massive sound.Now, the bad stuff.  Together they put out a massive sound.They have one level.  Full blast, 130 decibel, in your face, crack the concrete VOLUME.  If that's your thing, you'll love 'em.  I would have liked to hear the names of the group members when he introduced them, but the drummer was banging away so loud I think I caught "Jennifer" ... and that's it.  Who she was I'm still not sure.They have one tempo.  Full speed, 95 MPH, hair on fire, full throttle, run like hell, RUSH.  If you have no interest in catching the lyrics, or savouring a note, you'll do just fine.They have one "musical interior design" modality.  Frilly, froufrou, Victorian mansion, lace doily.  When 6-8 succulent notes would have been perfect, you get 15-20 ornate runs in rapid fire succession.  At times it's impossible to tell what the original melody was.  It's all a bit frantic, and tiring.OK, so all of the above isn't ABSOLUTELY accurate, but it's 90% + accurate.For example, he did slide into a nice, measured piano solo rendition of Bridge Over Troubled Water.  Then, 2/3 of the way through he raced off into a jarring heavy-rock ending that ruined the whole mood.  Frankie, not every piece has to be "Jerry Lee Lewis-esque."  We know you can bang the ivories, so lighten up a bit.Same thing with the special song he had written for Ray Charles, delivered in a thoughtful, Charles-esque manner (I even caught most of the lyrics)  ... which ended up in another frantic dash to the finish.  Pity.Does he have talent?  You bet.  Does he have charisma?  Yup.  Is he surrounded by talented musicians?  Absolutely.  Would I want to see him again?  Nope.  Should you go see him?  Maybe, just know what you're getting into.As for me, give me Human Nature over Moreno, every time.Dean Herrington
5	I've seen a lot of famous musicians (I saw Hendrix for the 2nd time at Woodstock), and I've seen lots of high-priced shows in Vegas. Not a one was any better than Frankie Moreno. This guy and his band can heat up a room as well as any showman I've ever seen. Without a doubt the best Bang for the Buck in Vegas.
5	This show is great!!! The band was awesome, original music, and Frankie is a true performer. Frankie is very talented, and does a great job of getting the crowd involved. I will go see this show again.
3	The show is good if you're paying less than $30 per ticket. It's a small theater so just about any seat is a "good seat". The only reason I'm giving it an "A-OK" is because it was cheap entertainment and my friend thought his was very attractive. Her good time gave me a good time ;-). Most of his songs are originals, but they have a good beat/tune. The band is also good as they have a few girls playing the violet, cello and double bass in addition to the drummer, electric guitars, sax, trumpet and trombone.The few disappointments in the show was when he was promoting his champaign, a when a champaign flute "accidentally" falls on stage causing a delay in the show. Another disappointment was when he had his son go on stage to preform his rap.The show is only 60-70 mins long. I felt kind of ripped off because a sold ten of those mins was due to the broken glass on stage and his son rapping. What do you expect for the $20 per person ticket I paid, right?
5	I am a Vegas local and admittedly the Stratosphere isn't my go-to spot for...well, anything. But I was invited to attend the Frankie Moreno for their final performance of 2013 and after reading the awesome reviews I felt compelled to give it a chance.I loved this show! Frankie and his band were so talented. All elements were very entertaining and the crowd was genuinely enjoying themselves. The wait staff could have been a little quicker with our drinks but that had no bearing on the entertainment. I will definitely be back in 2014 :) Outstanding job!
5	Vegas local and I've been to this show many times and there's always something new and fun every time. Great music, good comedy, and just an all around great show.
5	Outstanding! Outstanding! Outstanding! What a show! I've been to many shows, musicals and other. This show was the best, hands down. From the beginning of the show to the end, Frankie plays his heart out. He's an outstanding musician backed by very good musicians. The only thing that I didn't like about the show was that it ended too soon.Just finished hearing Frankie for the second time and it was better than the first. I would highly recommend this musician and performer to anyone that appreciates extremely talented artists. I like that it's a small venue. I predict that with the right marketing and agent, this guy will become as popular as Sinatra or Elvis. Thanks for a great night!!!!
5	Really good show - some of the best original songs I've heard in a long time- band was excellent- he's handsome, can sing and entertain - great value
5	First of all, I witnessed the two year anniversary show, which was special and spectacular...2nd as a pianist with a guitar playing father and a backround playing many styles including the mixing of classical motifs and themes, this show was like watching the professional version of myself. ( with a lot more detirmination that is ).  Mainly great singing and ensemble performances very well choreographed and behind it all is the great guy Frankie, who has brought his family along with him for the ride.  Mereno is a somebody who alot of people just don't know about!  That won't be forever. enjoy it while you can!
4	The show and venue are great. The performance balances well-orchestrated humor with talent. And it's delightfully random. From the moment he emerges, your eyes are glued to Moreno--great energy as a performer. I recommend!
4	I have to be honest and say I had never heard of Frankie Moreno prior to this trip. However, we bought tickets to last night's show hoping to hear live, original music. And that we did!  The show was very entertaining!!!!  Other than being very good looking, Frankie is a talented performer--singing, dancing and playing several musical instruments (piano, guitar, harmonica, and even a little drumming).  His band is really quite good and it looked like they were all having fun.I thought it was very cool that Michael Grimm, winner of America's Got Talent 2010, was in the audience and Frankie brought him up on stage to sing a couple of songs. It didn't look pre-rehearsed and the band adapted well to the songs he performed.  I hear that Frankie likes to do this quite often when famous people stop by (which I think is awesome)!!!!!There wasn't a bad seat in this very intimate theater, but it wasn't close to being full. That's the pity of it. I'm actually a big fan of Lacey Schwimmer and enjoyed her little solo dance number (although it might've been better with a partner).Overall, we definitely had fun at the show and would recommend it to others. So, Frankie, if you are reading this, like you said you do, GOOD JOB--Keep it up!!!  And, oh yeah, Happy Birthday!!!!!
5	By far the best show on the strip! I can't even remember how many times I've seen it but have never had a bad time. Not a bad seat in the house. The show is full of amazingly talented musicians, awesome original music and a few covers that could be better than the originals! A must see for sure. Any music lover will adore this show. Frankie is full of charisma and when not in awe of his talent, you'll be laughing at his antics.
5	In the many years we have been coming to Vegas, it isn't very often I'm surprised. The Frankie Marino Show was more than an amazing surprise! Within moments everyone was up on their feet. The original music out shined the covers. I would suggest bringing anyone (young and old) to this "super stars"show. The brothers have written and performed most of the songs. Just Do it!
5	OMG!!! Was up front, woohoo at Frank's filming last nite of his new Video.  He is just amazing!!! His band has soo much talent as well!!!  The girls play Violins and are in lil red dresses, sexy and talented wow! The dancing with the stars star, comes out as a Diva, soo sexy her dance routine!!!  Frank, has come a long way from the first time I saw him and his band on Fremount street!!!!  He is the next Elvis, he is soo handsome and he plays the Piano like Liberace wished he could, AWESOME! He played the harmonica, and the guitar oh and the drums with the drummer!! His Brother is Tony, plays bass and is handsome and amazing too!  The guitarist, drummer and horn section, wow,  were great too It was a treat for sure, great original music too!I give it two thumbs up and 5 stars a must see show in Vegas!!!!  The song Diva, I think will be a huge hit!!!
5	Saw this show tonight and was blown away with the talent and charisma of Frankie! Wow!! Great entertainment in so so venue...would see this show again and again !  Great voice and musical talent with awesome back band...not too be missed and with a trip to Stratosphere...Frankie is A!
5	Went on a Wednesday with at least half the showroom empty and those that were there mostly over 50.  I got to think it is very hard to get the vibe going and the crowd jazzed under that situation but Frankie Moreno sure did it.  Immediate spontaneous standing ovation at the end.  I can only imagine what he could do with a full room.  It was excellent!  I would definitely go again and recommend it to others.
5	FINALLY, he's hit his stride!I've seen this show maybe 10 times because I've watched this guy work his way from a really small lounge in the  the Gold Nugget to a showroom on the Strip, and I gotta tell you, it's well deserved.I happened to see the show on the night that they did a live taping that will be aired within the next month. Having seen the show so many times, I can tell you that if you have seen it BEFORE February 11th, 2014...you should see it again. The show initially was a cleaned up lounge show, which wasn't a bad thing in that it was about talented musicians, friends and music. Qualities that, quite honestly, I'd never seen in a Vegas lounge show before. He seemed to have little interest in flash, pomp or circumstance.Now, however, he seems to have listened to his audiences feedback and used this venue to let his show evolve into a proper SHOWROOM SHOW.Just so you know: There are 10 people in the show and EVERYONE on that stage is REALLY talented, and they give it 100%.   The evening is comprised of about 95% original music, written by Frankie Moreno and his brothers (one of whom plays bass onstage with him).Frankie is ridiculously talented and distractingly handsome. He never seems to rely on his looks nor does he even seem to take himself that seriously, but CLEARLY he is VERY serious about his music. He is a classically trained pianist with a penchant for rock music. Knowing that helps contextualize his approach. He is, in no way, trying to emulate nor pay homage to  Vegas "greats" that preceded him, nor is he discounting their value or appeal, but it is clear that he knows and understands what it takes to be a great entertainer, and how to entertain a Vegas audience. It occurs to me that he is creating his OWN place in the tapestry and history of Vegas. If you want an old school type Vegas show, this ain't it, because Frankie Moreno is born of a different generation, one that has been influenced and inspired by bygone eras, but not LIMITED by them. He is not ONLY an accomplished  singer like a Sinatra or Sammy Davis, Jr., he is also a musician: adept at playing many instruments with amazing proficiency. Instead of trying to recreate what people already know of Las Vegas shows he is creating a possibility for a whole new type of Vegas audience to emerge.  This iteration of the Frankie Moreno Show is FAR more polished than any I'd seen of him prior to this. The show is now cleverly staged so that the band members are all integral pieces to the evening. Every member of the band has a featured moment of some sort and each one is really quite dynamic. Of particular note are the drum feature (a Gene Krupa-esque treatment of "I Wanna Be Like You" from Jungle book) and a chilling violin solo that precedes his rendition of "Eleanor Rigby", (which he recorded with Josh Bell). Though the night is predominantly original music, what Frankie is good at is making the music that you're hearing VERY accessible. It reminds me that, at one time, the old greats introduced brand new, beautiful songs that only now, many years later,  are they regarded as classics. At one time those "classics" were unknown songs to the people listening to them, and the fact that they were new and unknown did nothing to impede the audiences experience of enjoying an evening of great music, in a well produced show done by a talented performer.The show is high energy, for sure, and Frankie has a very real, almost irreverent way about himself that reminds me that he is indeed a real person, and he seems be in no way  caught up in the idea that he should be "bigger than life". His TALENT is, and THAT is what you cannot help but respect.This show is also one that young people can appreciate and parents can feel free to take their young kids and even their teenagers to see this show because the music can reach them without alienating the parents and vice-versa. That quality, in and of itself, is what makes this show so unique and completely worth going to see. I cannot say enough good things about this show, but I will keep going just in case there is something new to discover, because I can tell that as amazing as Frankie Moreno is, the best of him (and this show) is yet to come.
5	I came to Frankie's show from a recommendation by a friend, and I had a great time! He was entertaining and engaging, and not too hard on the eyes! All the artists were so talented and really helped to bring the whole show together! I also appreciate that he involves his family in the show. I would definitely watch the show again and would certainly recommend everyone see it! His champagne is also quite good. May God continue to bless them in their endeavor to keep music alive in school!
5	Frankie plays at the Stratosphere Theater. This is one of the best shows in Las Vegas. A first class, top shelf musician playing his own music! High energy and a lot of fun. Get ready to catch the cork for a free bottle of Frankie Champaign. I highly recommend this new Las vegas classic! It is well with the trip! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I brought my family and we really enjoyed it.  There is an age limit of 13 for entrance.  It doesn't have anything to do with the content,  likely the ambience.  We really enjoyed the show.  I really recommend it for a night out.
4	I wanted to be cliche for this Vegas trip instead of constant partying, so I decided to stay in our hotel n find something to watch. If you stay in the hotel, u get discounted tickets. I saw Mr. Moreno and he is a real talent! He sang for a second without the Mic and his voice is REAL lol and amazing. Would I pay the normal $40 to see him again? Idk but I'm glad I did this time.
5	Great music.  Superb show.  This fella is so talented.  Amazing how he can play the piano backwards.  Great great band.  Plays oldies and new stuff and his stuff.  All good!!!
5	Want a show with a classic Vegas feel? Go see Frankie. Want a show that is t as expensive but feels big? Go see Frankie. Want to be able to watch a hot, good-looking, gorgeous man? Go see Frankie. Want to laugh? Go see Frankie. Want to dance? Go see Frankie. For your money, Frankie is a great show!!!
5	This is an amazing show! You will not be disappointed. Frankie is great, but the ballad crooning of his brother Tony will leave you speechless.
4	Frankie flew the coop. Frankie shut it down. Frankie hit the road.Unfortunately, the residency at Stratosphere concluded; however, Frankie is determined to go on to bigger and better things as opposed to extend what was a critically successful run. There is certainly a lack of good shows with legitimate backing bands -- or just bands period since the backing precursor might be demeaning to accomplished artists in their own right -- and, Frankie Moreno's show broke this unfortunate paradigm. Moreno's was a show that any live music lover could get behind. Then, it came to an end. It was good while it lasted.
