4	Went there for the first time on friday night.  I heard the place was small but man its like a glorified walk in closet.  There were 5 tables of 4 and one table of 3.    The wait wasnt very long but the servers werent  very happy i was by myself.   i found it humorous that i was being discriminating against because of my numerology.  I was even asked if i would prefer take out, i declined of course.  Than, after being seated at a table for four I was asked to switch to a table of three (in mid meal mind you) to accomodate the party of four coming in.   I laughed through the entire ordeal and really didnt blame them.  Like they say in golf "The ONESOME has no power."Ok enough about me and onto the food.  I started off with a fresh shrimp roll.   It came as advertised, fresh, crunchy and sweet.  For a main course i ordered the pumpkin curry with chicken.  I have never ordered this before so i do not have anything to compare it too.  it came in bowl filled with chicken and pumpkin chunks.  A plate of rice was also served.  It must be ignorance but it always seems like thai places never serve enough rice to go with the curries.  The curry was delicious and the broth had a mild pumpkin flavor but when you included the pumpkin in your bite it had the perfect flavor.   It was an entertaining but more importantly a delicious meal and I would definitely go back especially in the spring because they do have two tables for outdoor seating.
5	I have a new favorite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. The Tofu Paradise is aptly named.Fresh spring rolls were not their strong suit, but Panang curry was the best I've had in years.Only a few tables, but the small space is perfect for intimate dining.
4	The food is cheap and authentic Thai. Although somewhat cramped, the ambiance is much nicer than an average Thai restaurant, and the take-out service is reliable. The staff is also very nice. If you like hot food, their scale is  well calibrated (10 is very hot). If you do not like your food hot, play it safe and ask for something extremely mild.
4	wow.  so refreshing to be happy after a meal, especially if you go there and didnt know one thing about it other than it was a thai restaurant.  .I went here for lunch and got a seafood dish that blew my mind and my friend got the keo mow.  both were awesome.  cooked to perfection.the service was awesome.  the spring rolls were great.  very good place that I never knew about and just happened across.would definitely recommend this restaurant to people
4	The food keeps getting better! Had take-out tonight and our selections were extemely good. I'd rank it as an equal with  the Green Mango and Nicky's. Its only problem is its small dining room, but I don't mind taking it home. We had chicken pad thai (heat = 4), curry fried rice with veggies, chicken satay and shrimp and veggie spring rolls.
5	One of the best Thai food in Pittsburgh. Very reasonable preice and wonderful staffs
5	I wish this place was closer to me, please open another, please please! I absolutely love SBL (as me and my friends have began calling it), and honestly think about it atleast 2-3 times a week. The dishes are consistent (hard to find at any Asian eatery in Pittsburgh) and you're likely to get the same delicious flavors every time you stop by. The service is on point, the prices modest, the decor is adorable, if only they had a bigger space!
4	I was debating between 6 different Thai restaurants I had bookmarked on here, and ended up going with the cheapest one.  I'm so glad I did, because I think I found a new favorite.As previous reviewers have mentioned, it is tiny, but I didn't feel too cramped.  Our server was very nice and friendly and the food arrived very promptly.  They were out of Thai iced teas, but we ordered Thai samosas ($4.50 for 4), a massaman curry minus the peanuts ($9.50), a Coke ($1.50), and a chicken pad thai ($8.50).  The Thai samosas are delicious - the filling is creamy and the cucumber sauce is great.  The massaman curry was pretty good.  I thought the rice-curry ratio was good, and there were good chunks of potato and tofu, plus peas and carrots.  I thought it could have used a touch more flavor.  The pad thai wasn't bad but wasn't the best.  We ordered it with a spice level of 8, which seemed pretty accurate.We didn't order desserts but they were $5.  They offered fried bananas, a taro custard, and two other which I can't remember.  Our total was $25.  We are both eager to come back and try some more dishes on their menu.  BYOB.
4	Bustling but pleasant atmosphere that has a neighborhood feel, but delicately spiced fare.  Would say it's the best curry of several thai places in Shadyside/Sq Hill.  Moo yang pork is also recommended as excellent appetizer.  If you decide to get take out, walk around and enjoy Highland park's excellent and eclectic architectural styles.
5	Another great Thai restaurant in the Pittsburgh area, conveniently located in Highland Park. We had a Saturday lunch. Rebecca had Tom Yum Soup with chicken, and I had spicy noodles with napa cabbage, chicken, and basil leaf. Both were excellent with complex flavors, adequately spiced, and satisfying--on a par with Nicky's Thai Kitchen in Verona or the Green Mango restaurants in Edgewood and Homestead. Service was quick and efficient. I'd guess it might be difficult to get seated on some evenings, because there is not much seating. We will be back.
3	This place was delightful. I will be returning and I'll update my review appropriately.I went here for some take out dinner and got some Pad See Yew with Tofu.  It was great and the dark soy sauce was near perfect. I asked for it to be very spicy, but it sort of fell flat, and I'll blame it on my blinding midwestern whiteness. So, if you want Thai-Spicy, make sure to specify that emphatically. The place does seem small, so take out if probably preferred. It is ridiculously low priced for the quality of food you get, so jump on this place before it becomes inundated with every hipster in Pittsburgh. I think some Penang Tofu will really test their mettle.***UPDATE**** I tried the penang tofu. It was miserable. The curry was watery, the tofu tasted barely-fried, and the veggies became limp and waterlogged in the spicy mix. The upside here is that after I requested at "15 out of 10" they delivered a spice level that didn't disappoint, unlike the rest of Pittsburgh. Rating dropped to 3-stars, from 4. Head for their noodles folks.
5	Hands down best Thai place in Pittsburgh, and probably one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. I went there for a casual Saturday lunch and we shared some dim sum. It was very flavorful. I also had a mango chicken salad (to DIE for!!!). It was an explosion of flavors, one of the few good explosions you'd have! Also, it is very very low priced for the amount of food and ofcourse the taste. Better than any other Pittsburgh "thai-pan asian- or anything like it" place!
5	This place is REALLY busy for dinners, so please be prepared for slow service. Absolutely worth the wait though!
5	Great food.  Great asset to highland park. Delicious.   Need to go again soon.
4	Very good Thai at a reasonable price in a relaxed atmosphere. The fresh rolls (rice wrapper), wide noodle dishes, and curry dishes are especially good. Lots of strong vegetarian options. The place is small, but nice, with outside seating for nice days. The staff are medium friendly. Definitely a good place for lunch or dinner with a small group.
5	This is the best Thai I've found in Pittsburgh. I generally don't bother with anything besides their pumpkin curry (veggies + tofu), because it's ridiculously delicious. Creamy, spicy, subtly sweet...it's also a perfect serving for one sitting.To avoid being cramped, just try a weeknight or go with a small group. The atmosphere is adorable and great for a date, and they're BYOB. Excellent for takeout too!
4	Now, I don't live too close to Highland Park, but on the recommendation of you, the Yelpers, I had to try it while I was moving in.Smiling Banana Leaf is a small Thai place, that, in my opinion, sets itself up perfectly for a good lunchtime experience. We got in later in the afternoon, but we were still alright for the lunch menu. I ordered the Panang Curry and my parents got the pineapple curry and some spring rolls for accompaniment. My curry, as I'd hoped, was creamy and abundant with coconut milk, and piping hot. The chicken in it was equally pleasing due to its moist, curry inundated state. It's definitely a dish that'll keep you going if you want a big lunch.The food is good, but you'll want to avoid coming in large groups. They only have a handful of four-tops and one that seats six, so any larger may cause difficulties. But if you're going to roll in one afternoon for lunch, go for it.
4	Came here with a friend the other day for lunch. We were walking around Highland Park and did a search on his phone for good restaurants nearby. When this came up it sounded like a good idea, but it took us a minute to find it even though we were standing right across the street! The signage is a little odd and not next to the entrance.We got in, and it was a very small, cute place, with furniture/decor that we instantly recognized as Ikea =). We shared some chicken satay appetizers, and I had Pad Kee Mow and I think he may have had the Rad Na. Everything was delicious! Service was good. Nicely priced lunch specials. No complaints =)The one thing I guess is that it's really small, so don't plan any large parties here. There was also a little outdoor seating, but it was way too hot out the day we went for that.
4	What a cute place!  We would never have come here if not for the Yelp reviews, so good job on that one, yelpers!I'm not sure what they do in the winter, because this place is TINY.  The amount of outdoor seating is equivalent to the amount of indoor seating (which is probably somewhere around 10 people per space), so make reservations if you know you're going.  The service is fantastic - they are SO friendly!  It feels like a real neighborhood restaurant, which it is - totally tucked around the corner off Negley.Some of the food was good, and some could have been better.  We started with the crispy calamari and steamed dumplings, both of which were fine.  I think we wished that there was a little more calamari than there was.  We then shared the pumpkin curry, pad see ew, and green curry.  Hands down, the pad see ew was the best we'd had in Pittsburgh, definitely on par with Green Mango, and potentially even better.  However, the consensus around the table was that the curry dishes were not as good as those at Green Mango - they seemed a little on the watery side.  Perhaps not enough coconut milk (some of them specifically that they are not made with coconut milk, so there's that).  Mainly, they just didn't seem as... "taste"y as others we'd had before.  Also, the pumpkin was a touch undercooked and was tough.But we loved the fresh mango with sweet sticky rice dessert, perhaps even more than the fried banana dessert with ice cream.  This is all to say, we're happy to have found another good thai place in town, and the service is just so cute that we'll have to keep on going back.
4	The cutest little place you ever did see. Nice people, good food. Can't wait to see you again, Smiling 'Nana Leaf!(Tip: Enrico's around the corner is a good place for a post-din espresso.)
5	Amaaaazing!! The place itself is tiny and so adorable, service is exceptional - a rarity these days, and the food is fantastic! We started off with samosas which were light and flaky with perfectly spiced filling and accompanied with a sweet and tangy cucumber sauce. I had the Green Curry and the bf had a noodle bowl, both of us were pleased with our dishes, veggies were bright and cooked just right so they held their firmness, my tofu had a good consistency, and Justin enjoyed his chicken immensely, and spice levels were pretty on point. We both ordered a 9 and it was just enough heat to make us sweat a little without making our noses run or tongues burn to the point of not being able to taste all that delicious food. Nothing on the menu is over $10 and portion sizes won't let you leave hungry. We can't wait to back!!
5	What was I thinking? The food isn't good--it's great!And it's BYOB, with no corkage! I wish we had a place in DC like this.Get your azz down to Smiling 'Nana!
5	Awesome!  My friends and I just drove in from DC on our way to Chicago after seeing the rating for this place and I have to admit, there isn't enough stars that can attribute to their greatness!  The service was amazing, you could really feel like this was a family restaurant and the atmosphere was beautiful.  Very modest on the outside, it was a pleasant surprise to see how upscale it was on the inside, without a feeling of pretentiousness.  Now to the important part.  The food was very delicious!  I had the "garlic", with my friends having the pad thai and teriyaki and we each had trouble deciding which one was the best!  If you're passing through Pittsburgh like we were, you have to stop by this place!
5	I took a leap of yelp on this place and I was not disappointed. This place is delish! After reading so many positive reviews I had this place on my list to try and I'm glad I was able to make it there for lunch today. I had never been to the area before but it was quite easy to get to from Shadyside (where I live). There is a small parking lot where you can park and when I went there was plenty of spaces left. The restaurant is small inside but is very well decorated - loved the ambiance. I ordered the Tom Kha soup and the Spicy Noodles - OMG they were sooooo good. I thought the spicy noodles were the best that I've ever had. I love the classic spicy basil noodle dish that you see at most Thai restaurants but I've always had complaints about the ones I've tried in the past - they were either not spicy enough or the chicken was dry or there wasn't enough sauce. But at Smiles - it was perfection - there was tender pieces of chicken, it was spicy (as it should be) and sauce covered each noodle! I highly recommend this place and will definitely be going back there again. It's such a gem of a place!
5	Not only the best Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh, some of the best food I've had in Pittsburgh. Split the Thai Samosas with a friend (wonderful!) and had one of the curry bowls. Rather than try to describe the food, I will only say that it's excellent. You absolutely must try this for yourself.As a bonus, prices are very inexpensive for the quality & the atmosphere is welcoming and intimate. BYOB.
5	Such a good find! Tiny little place with the most amazing pumpkin curry. The Thai samosas were delicious and everything everyone around us had looked equally delicious. Oh and try the brown rice-it was like no other brown rice I had ever had and it was divine!
5	This is a small, cozy Thai restaurant in the Highland Park area. The dishes are delicious. I highly recommend the Thai samosas. Ditto the basil dish and the Tom Kha soup with coconut milk. Bring your own alcohol; the waitstaff will serve and they do not charge a corkage fee. We felt the spice levels were not consistent. A 7-hot dish A was much milder than a 5-hot dish B.  Maybe it was so only when we went...The pumpkin curry did not taste much like pumpkin. Not a big deal since it was still very good. Would definitely go there again...
5	Found this place on Yelp, read the reviews & knew it was a must during my trip. We had the fried spring rolls with shrimp...they were delicious. I had the Tom Kha soup with squid. The soup was creamy and well balanced. My beau had the Curry Fried Rice with chicken and added shrimp. He loved it! I took a bite & was sold. There is no denying the strong curry taste, but was not overpowering. I had the roast duck curry & it was FABULOUS! The mixture of spices with the pineapple was perfect. We got all dishes as a spice level of 6 which was perfect for us. We LOVE spicy foods, but any higher of a spice rating and would not have been able to enjoy the flavors.
4	Food: The menu has so many "good-sounding" entrees that its difficult to choose what to eat.  Its typical Thai cuisine with curries, noodles, soups, or rice/fried rice options.  There are plenty of vegetarian options, as would be expected, and more than enough meat too.  We ordered the fresh spring rolls which were very fresh and tasty.  The Tom Yum comes in a very large bowl, the biggest I've had in Pittsburgh, and was great.  Entrees are ordered on the 1-10 spicy scale and come with your choice of meat or tofu/veggies.  We ordered a curry dish, which was good but a little bland, not as potent or spicy as we anticipated or would have preferred.  We also ordered a spicy bean dish which came with an excellent sauce and the correct amount of spice based on the number we selected.  The servings are large and we had enough to bring home.  We didn't try dessert, but there were 4-5 options.  Overall, the food was far above average, but not incredible.Price: Smiling Banana Leaf is very modestly priced.  Entrees ranged from $10-12, soups around $3.50 and appetizers for $4-5.  The quality of food and atmosphere are excellent considering the price of a meal here.Drinks: BYOB. Atmosphere: The dining area is very small, and only accommodates about 20 people.  The decor is cozy and there is soothing music, not played too loud, in the background.  The tables are close together, but not so close you feel like you're sitting on top of each other.  Although, it is hard to get to the bathroom without asking someone to move.  It may be wise to make a reservation due to the small size of the dining room.  Despite the room being small, it didn't feel loud or distracting.Service: The service was great, and our waitress, who appeared to be the owner or manager, was funny, engaging, and seemed genuinely pleased to be serving us.  She had a great attitude and made the dining experience more enjoyable.  Our water could have been replaced a few more times, but our food came very fast (almost too fast) and we didn't have to wait long for our check despite a packed dining room due to Valentine's Day weekend.(+): cozy dining room, friendly staff, very affordable(-): tables tightly packedWould I go back again? Yes. Worth the drive to Highland Park, especially if you're on a budget.
4	I've been wanting to head over here after seeing all of the glowing reviews on Urbanspoon. Also, it's practically in my back yard and I'm always up for some Thai food.The problem with most Thai restaurants is that nothing really sets them apart. If you were blindfolded and a number of Pittsburgh Thai restaurants set down plates of the same dish you'd probably have a very hard time picking them apart. Luckily, The Smiling Banana Leaf managed to carve itself a niche in the Thai-saturated streets of Pittsburgh.Just by looking at the bustle inside the restaurants shows you how good the place is. There's only five tables inside yet they are always filled with happy, hungry people. Customers are constantly coming in and out for take-out and the smells coming from the kitchen are amazing. The restaurant is intimate without being intimidating.The server we had was great. She was very upbeat and made small talk with us. She kept our waters filled and was attentive even though she was responsible for all five tables and a lot of the take-out ordering. Her warm demeanor alone makes The Smiling Banana Leaf the kind of restaurant you want to come back to.The food was excellent, by the way. To start we branched out from our usual and got "Tofu Paradise". The tofu was crispy on the outside and soft, warm and flavorful on the inside. The peanut sauce, something I usually do not care for, was smooth and perfectly balanced between sweet and savory. It went well with the veggies that were cooked but still crispy.The Tom Yum soup was served in a heaping bowl and had a brilliant red color to it. The pieces of chicken were hearty and the lemon grass was delicious. It wasn't my favorite, though. I like the soup to be really sour and this was more sweet tasting. To each his own, though! It was still prepared expertly. The fact that their dishes vary in flavor to other restaurants means to me that the chef is taking great care in cooking his food. It's like all cooking, depending on the tastes of the cook certain flavors may be emphasized or downplayed.I ordered the Spicy Green Bean entree and thought it was delicious. The sauce was spicy and tangy but also had some curry notes to it. Occasionally the spiciness would subside and you'd get smooth hints of coconut. Usually I'm not a fan of Thai sauces but I found myself sopping it up with my chicken and veggies.For dessert we had the epitomical Thai dessert, Thai custard and sticky rice. The portions were perfect for two people and much more generous than I usually get. The bill at the end of the meal was very fair and surprisingly cheap.The Smiling Banana Leaf is my new favorite Thai Place. It absolutely oozes charm.
5	Excellent Thai food!  Well worth the search in Highland Park to find it!We went last night with friends who are vegetarian and so we had a variety of dishes at our table.  We started with the fried spring rolls - a little garlicky but other than that, fresh and tasty and crisp!I ordered the Pad See Ew with shrimp.  The shrimp were small but they were plentiful.  The sauce was a little different - it was a soy based that almost tasted sweet and sour - it was quite tasty.  We weren't sure what "temp" to order things not having been there before  - I ordered a 5 but would probably move up to a 6 next time as they are on par with the usual Thai restaurant we go to.  It was the best kind of heat - you could taste it but it didn't build or last long, so you could taste all the flavors coming through.  My preference is always heat but not overpowering heat.  DH ordered his favorite green curry and gave it two thumbs up - while I didn't taste it, the smell was just heavenly (it was so good, he wasn't offering to share :(.  The other couple ordered the Choo Curry Tofu which was a basic red curry with tofu and the Tofu eggplant with basil which was loaded with both tofu and what looked like the smaller Asian eggplant.The restaurant is quite tiny - perhaps they can seat 20 there.  We arrived on a cold snowy Sunday evening at 630 without a reservation (we bad).  They suggested that we walk up the street to the coffee shop and they would call us as soon as a table was ready.Definitely worth the trip - just call first!
4	Thai one on!   Good Thai food.  Place was jumping.  As we walked up to SBL we could smell this wonderful aroma.  What a way to start...really made my taste buds swirl!  Server was very good, made sure drinks were full but not overbearing.  It is BYOB but we did not BYOB.Tables are small...as is the restaurant.  Seem to get many take out orders. Started with the Tempura shrimp with vegetables accompanied by sweet and sour sauce.  Very average and no real veggies - just two lettuce leaves.  Ordered the Spicy Green Bean entree.  They ask how hot you want the sauce..from 1 to 10.  Had a 6 and it was plenty spicy with the ability to still taste the food.  The sauce was oh so good!  Made sure there was not any left on the plate...
4	Great Thai place. This is a busy little restaurant tucked away in Highland Park. Very cute little neighborhood joint. Service is excellent. Our waitresses were courteous and attentive without being pushy.On to the food - excellent Thai cuisine! We had the coconut curry chicken; the sauce was delicious and flavorful without being too heavy. Portion for the coconut chicken wasn't too large. The chicken pad thai however was a much bigger dish! Still also, a very good choice. Pad thai can be somewhat generic in its application but we both found it to be very tasty.I can definitely see myself coming back here again. The prices were also very reasonable given the quality.
5	Right off the bat, I have to give this place one more star than Bangkok Balcony.  I went to look for my Bangkok Balcony review, and realized that I had never written one.  Well....at least now you know how many stars Bangkok Balcony gets before I write a review!I had tried to visit this place once before today, but when I called in to try to reserve a table for 5 at 7PM two hours before, they were booked until 930PM with no space even for walkins.  So, yes. MAKE A RESERVATION.  I made one more than a day in advance for 2 at 7:15PM on a thursday evening.  Parking was pretty easy; I found a number of free street side spots along Euclid Ave, north of Bryant St.  The very first thing I noticed before I visited the restaurant was their marked difference in price.  For the same dishes, Smiling Banana Leaf had at least a 2-3 dollar price advantage on almost all the main dishes compared to those at Bangkok Balcony.  The only two things that were to be determined at dinnertime were quality and quantity.We ordered and split a Som Tum (papaya salad) spiciness level 5, Red Curry with chicken spiciness level 5, and basil pork spiciness level 5.  The red curry was delicious: not too rich like some places make them (with regular coconut milk instead of low fat coconut milk), and just the right quantity. the papaya salad was actually perched upon a bed of greens, a change from the usual way I have it (without the bed of greens, obviously).  there was a tad bit too much dressing, which I will take a note of next time i order the dish, which was otherwise tasty.  lastly, the pork of the basil pork was slightly tough. the pork didn't seem very fresh or something, perhaps due to the fact that most people order chicken.  not sure though: i wouldn't deter anyone from trying it!Cutting this review short, someone in my vicinity is complaining that i'm writing a novel. so...good thai iced tea! potent tea flavor without too much of that condensed milk mixed in (usually the point of failure in man other establishments).  In summary, I'll be coming here from now on.  Cheers for great Thai food in Pittsburgh!
5	I consider myself somewhat of a Thai food connoisseur and can genuinely say that this is the best I've ever had.  The restaurant itself is very small, probably no more than 12' x 20', and is somewhat hidden away, but the service is superb--punctual yet not obtrusive--and the ambiance delightful.  It's low lit, but not irritatingly so, and the only real complaint I have is that the tables are a bit close together due to it's small size, making it ideal for a fun night out with friends as opposed to a private and quiet gathering.  And given the limited seating you'll definitely want reservations.We started out with the fresh rolls, the best I've ever had, and followed up with entrees of pad thai, pineapple chicken fried rice, cashew pork and pumpkin chicken curry.  The presentation was beautiful but it should be noted that the entrees come as individual servings, not necessarily for sharing as is common to some Thai restaurants, so it's a good idea to order perhaps one or two more things on the menu if you plan to share amongst yourselves, as we did.  The pad thai was not at all greasy, a first for me, and all ingredients used were fresh and high quality.  Surprisingly, my very favorite was the pineapple fried rice.  I'm not sure what spices were used but it was phenomenal and unique.  My conclusion is that you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  I'll definitely be a repeat customer and can't wait to try out more of their exceptional food.
3	Food (pad thai) was too sweet and the portions certainly aren't generous. Their seafood dishes were ok, but a bit too salty. The prices and service are excellent, however.
5	The place is decorated nice and its clean! lol The food is really good! I love spicy food but don't usually find restaurant food that spicy. Smiling banana leaf is an exception!! My husband loves the pad thai on a level 10 spicy but I can only take level 8. The spicy green beans with chicken is my favorite dish (level 8). Yesterday, I tried it with pork and it was an epic fail! The pork was really chewy. I like my meat (except for bacon) very well done. The first time my husband and I ate there we actually dined in which was a big mistake! My friend told me it was intimate but she should have told me it was a crack in the wall (not a hole but a tiny crack). There was only one waitress/hostess for the WHOLE restaurant! Be prepared to be thirsty because it might take a while to get a refill. The seats are very uncomfortable! I felt like I was back in high school sitting on the bleachers with a numb butt. The waitress was nice but she didn't know BASIC restaurant etiquette. I asked for a straw and chopsticks and she gave me both of them unwrapped with her hands all over it! Gross! Keep in mind she is a waitress/hostess so she was touching money,the cash register, menus, and 5 millions other things... okay maybe I'm a bit of a germophob OH and how can I forget... the bathroom!! The whole time I was hoping and praying that no one would go to the bathroom and do number 2. The whole restaurant would smell it... yes, the place is that small. Things to take from this review: 1. The food is great! 2. ALWAYS get the food to-go.
4	I absolutely love smiling banana leaf. The food is fresh and full of flavor. The atmosphere is tranquil yet cheerful. Customer service at sbl is on target and refreshing. If you like/love thai food like I do, you will enjoy eating here.
5	The restaurant is small but nicely decorated! I love the atmosphere. I've been to this place at least twice and I'm still a fan! Both times that I remembered I went  for lunch on a Saturday. There was no wait! So for those who do not want to waste time and eat good cheap thai food, this is the place!I tried the Crispy Calamari and it was surprisingly good! Very different from large chain restaurants and has a home-y feeling to it. I wouldn't mind ordering it again! OH, and the thai ice coffee is yummy! It's on the sweet side, so if you don't like sweet coffee, don't order it.From the same party, we had the chicken basil, chicken red curry, pineapple fried rice, curry fried rice, and pad thai. I'm a big fan of their red curry because of the coconut milk red paste.  The veggies that came with the curry were all delicious too. The pad thai was wonderful as well. The pineapple fried rice was a bit on the sweet side, but if you like it, it may be for you. The curry fried rice had its distinctive taste, but personally I prefer the red curry.So if you don't want to wait and want cheap thai food, come to smiling banana leaf!
5	Very Small, kinda of hard to find, but oh so worth the trip.  Excellent service, and the food was incredible.  I had red curry, and I don't think I could have made a better choice.  Hubby had the mango tilipia and loved it. Sis could not stop raving about the Pad Thai, and mom was really happy with her duck dish. If we can find the place again, I do believe a repeat visit is in order.  All thumbs up, great job.
4	Just finished the Pad Ped Talay. Delicious! Just the right spiciness with squid, shrimp, fish and bay scallops. I had a taste of the SBL Fish Special with the sweet and sour sauce. Tasty. The place was small, but nicely decorated. We were trying to figure when we could come back without getting lost. It was a little hard to find.
5	You might have to wait a while for a seat because this place is quite literally a hole in the wall but it's well worth it! The service is amazing, the food is even better! You couldn't ask for a more family run business and get a genuine meal!
5	I love coming to Smiling Banana Leaf, and even if you haven't been how can you not giggle at the thought of it with a restaurant name like that? This gem is tucked away in residential neighborhood and for those who find it are in for a treat. The space is small (we're talking maybe 6-8 tables) but the atmosphere is cozy and intimate. It feels really calm too. Service has always been awesome. You're greeted with a smile and the staff has been very polite - they check up on you to make sure the experience has been good throughout the meal.And now on to the food - everything that we've had has been so scrumptious from the calamari and samosas to the curry dishes, pad sew yew, chef specials (mango tilapia) and fried rice. We haven't gone wrong yet.The portions are just right though do be warned if you don't want  your food spicy at all make sure you make it clear. We've asked for dishes that have a spicy level of 2 and others that have a level of 6 and they both seemed to be equally hot. Even with the discrepancy, plates have been wiped clean. To boot the food is cheap.We just keep coming back for more that if there was a tshirt with a smiling banana leaf I would just buy one.
4	Really tiny place, very pleasant service. However sidewalk seating looked questionaby uncomfortable.Stopped in for take-out. Ordered the shrimp fresh spring rolls and green curry with chicken. Food was wonderful. Fresh spring rolls were fresh and spot on - basil was very fragrant. Green curry ordered a 6 hot which I think was good and manageable. The rice was warm and perfectly sticky, eggplant in the curry was buttery and flavorful. Chicken was spot on not dry, not meager- green beans were a bit tough and it would have been nice to have had some pods in there, but overall the curry was very delicious. Price point was good as well - got me out to Highland Park which I never venture to - Bryant St. has promise. Will definitely come back :)
5	This is absolutely the best Thai food I have ever had. I've lived in Asia and visited Thailand. The restaurant is small, but I never have a problem getting  a table. It's BYOB. And the waitresses are very friendly and helpful. Lately I've been eating here once a week. It's awesome!
5	Smiling Banana Leaf! This small but amazing Thai restaurant is tucked away in Highland Park, which is hard to get to without a car.  As a result, I haven't heard of this place from any of my college friends.  Rather, it was a graduate student who told my friend about the place, and so two nights ago we went to have dinner there.The restaurant was very small, but thankfully not very crowded like Point Brugge Cafe.  Their menu included noodles, fried rice, curries, and so on.  Both me and my friend got the red curry.  It comes with a bowl of rice.  Apparently they also had purple glutinous rice (which I love) but we didn't get it because I didn't know about it until the customers beside us ordered it.  The next time I go I'm gonna order that =XThey allowed us to choose spiciness, from 1-10.  I of course wanted a 10 and it wasn't that spicy at all.  They definitely gave a lot of curry.  My friend easily ate 2 bowls of rice for the amount of curry they gave.  It was very, very good.  I'm not sure if I like the bamboo in it though.  It was kind of over cooked (probably because it was canned bamboo or something), and the peas and carrots made it seem like they used some frozen vegetable blend, which didn't go well with the curry.  But the pork soaked up the smell of the spices really well, and overall the curry was just really amazing with the rice.  I can't wait to come back again and to try some of their other dishes!
2	After visiting Nicky's Thai Kitchen, I was expecting even more from the Smiling Banana Leaf, as per the reviews--but I was a little let down. I'm not sure if my ordering was off, but I found a theme in sauces and dressings that were just too sweet. We started with the spring roll, steamed dumplings and the calamari. The spring roll was quite good, steamed dumplings were very light and well seasoned and the calamari was good, but a bit overcooked. It was a little too chewy because of it, but it wasn't a bit greasy and the coating was perfect. However, the dipping sauce was extremely sweet and almost like jam. I preferred the dumpling dipping sauce for it. The glass noodle salad was heavily, heavily dressed with a dressing that would have benefitted from  healthy does of acid and much less sweetness. However, the meat in the salad was generous and the shrimp in the salad was well cooked. The vegetables, specifically the onions, were rather huge pieces, while there seemed to be an under representation in the "greens" department. Honestly, by the time I finished my salad I couldn't really taste a whole lot because it was just SO sweet. The pad thai, at a 7 level hotness, wasn't very hot. And again, it was pretty sweet. There weren't very many bean sprouts and the meat chunks were huge. The curried noodles, at a hotness of 5, had a delicious sauce, but the noodles were pretty overcooked. It could be, we caught the restaurant on a off day, as it was a holiday weekend. It could be, I just ordered badly, as the neighboring diners food looked delicious. The ambiance is quite adorable and the service is good. I would give it another shot before declaring it a no-go zone.
5	Smiling Banana Leaf is a must for Thai food lovers.  Amazing food, excellent service and a quaint atmosphere for a casual lunch or dining.  I would highly recommend it to any one living in Pittsburgh.Food:The food is simply delicious.  I would highly recommend getting the Chicken Paradise, any of the curry and the appetizers.  Each are a nice portion, but may be small for a big eater.  Lunch prices are around $8 while dinner hovers around $10-12.  For the quality, these prices are unmatched.  I would recommend Smiling Banana Leaf over Bangkok Balcony any day.Service:The owner? of the restaurant is very friendly and will make your visit even more memorable.   Dinner hours are quite busy.  Due to the limited seating and the popularity, you may have to wait for a while to get a table.BYOW is a nice touch.**May 2011**The food seemed undercooked / overcooked for the first time.  I did not see the usual owner?.  perhaps the owner / cook changed?  not sure.  was disappointed.
4	Great little place we just stumbled upon.  Great food.  Good price. Service was a little slow. Over all. Very good find
5	"No sign on the front means this place is going to be the shit!"-- Says my roommate. And that, it was. We began our magical thai food experience with the fresh spring rolls and mango salad, which were both DELICIOUSSSS, fresh and addictive. Then we tried the tom kua soup. As a typical favorite spicy coconut soup of mine, I knew what to expect, or so I thought. This soup, was like a warm, coconut, creamy orgasm in my mouth! Literally. We both licked the bowl clean, there was some major food porn happening over at table 5. After the coconut soup came (was that pun intended?) the pumpkin tofu curry arrived at our table with a blob of rice. SO Abso-freaking-lutely amazing! Big chunks of spicy tofu with moist pumpkin bits. We devoured that dish as well. Never had a better tofu in my life.Did I mention our bombtastic waitress/waiter/transgender thai woman/man that was so cute and bowed to us and spoke thai? So awesome! Ah. I love. I wish I could go back. Only $28 dollars for the best thai food of my life. So ridiculously cheap it's embarrassing if you live in Pittsburgh and have not been to the Smiling Banana Leaf yet... Go now! Oh and it's BYOB! God. Why did I ever move?
5	I had the pumpkin curry.  Delicious!  I finished the entire dish in one sitting, which only happens if I really love it.  I don't remember the service being either bad or great, so overall, no complaints.  The price was not as cheap as, say, Thai food in Austin, but it's on par with other places (Boulder, SF).  Also, the pillows are pretty awesome.  Looking forward to trying more dishes -- everything on the menu sounded good.
5	Amazing food! This was my first time here, and I was by myself so I only got to try the one dish, but it was the best Pad See Ew I've ever had. Positively stunningly good. Packed with flavor, noodles almost a little caramelized, just the way I like it. Also had the mango with sticky rice. Had to try it even though I was stuffed. As good as I've ever had. The place is tiny but with high ceiling and windows, so naturally bright. I knew when I walked in and saw the several smiling Thai women working the kitchen that i was in for a treat. Do not miss this place!
5	Our Garmin lead us through a very sketchy neighborhood to get here.  We were just about to turn back when we noticed the area got a bit more hipster.  Figuring that I could beat the plaid & mustache out of anyone who tried to do anything ironic to my car, we decided to go in.So glad we did!  This was the best Thai food I've ever had.  The seafood was tender, the peanut chicken curry was well balanced and the summer rolls were tender and delicious.A word of caution.  Order a little less spicy than you think you should.  They are judging heat by Thai standards, not by my pallid tongue.
4	Okay, it's a leap of faith walking through the door.  Every time I drive up to SBL I think it's a dry cleaner.  Once you cross the threshold its a completely different experience.  You are greeted by an excellent waitress (tall woman, adams apple), and seated in a very tasteful, if small, dining room.  Excellent Thai Food!  Great service, nice decor inside.  I loved the green curry beef with eggplant.  Yum.BYOB
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.  This was my first experience with Thai Food and i was not disappointed.  I instantly fell in love with the atmosphere and then once I got the food, i fell in love with peanut sauce.  My mother and I got three different plate of food, and all of them were excellent.  The waitress was also very nice and pleasant.  She even asked about how spicy we wanted our food.  Absolutely perfect food.  Defiantly get the peanut sauce.
5	Smiling Banana Leaf, oh you. You know me so well. With your fair prices, tasty menu choices, and perfect balance of spices, how could I not have been smitten?I couldn't help but feel a bit jealous that you've been seating other people. With your six or seven tables, I thought it would be just you and I forever. But no, you had to go and ruin everything we had and share your curry concoctions with complete strangers. They'll never love you like I do. They just sit there, fill their faces, and leave. Is that what you really want? Someone who dines and drives off? I can give you more than that, my Smiling Banana Leaf. Remember the time you made me a delicious duck curry? I do. I'll always remember what we shared, however short-lived it may have been. Smiling Banana Leaf, I guess what I am really trying to say is, every time I see a banana, or even a leaf, I smile.I love you.
4	Smiling Banana Leaf's Thai is out of this world. On the inside they have a handful of cramped tables, and (not?) surprisingly the outdoor area on the sidewalk is just as crammed, as our group of three attempted to sit at a small bistro table for two. The day was wonderful and I called ahead to ask if they would mind my dog joining us, and they said it would be fine.The waitress is extremely friendly when we come, but she is usually falling over herself when there is a rush as it is usually only her to manage the tables and a girl at the front to manage the take-out service. We ordered some dumplings, red noodle curry(6 spicy, $11), mango tilapia(8 spicy, $13, and pad ped telay(6 spicy, $13). We also got a steamed dumpling appetizer($5) and a thai iced tea($2) while we waited. When the waitress brought out the dumplings, she also brought along a to-go container with water for my dog.The dumplings were decent, but the sauce that came with them, a sour, sweet sauce with a hint of soy and lemongrass was delicious, I could have poured it on everything. Our food came out quickly, the red curry was a humongous portion, a large bowl filled with vegetables and noodles and up to the brim with a delicious curry sauce. It was decently spicy for a 6. The mango tilapia was quite sweet, and extremely tasty. Well fried and not overcooked, the only complaint about the dish was that for being the highest spicy level of the group, it was the mildest(aka a 0 on a 1-10 scale).  The pad ped telay was my favorite, great flavor and a lot of spice. I was stealing a bit of that dish by the end of the meal. We also got a fried banana, which comes with ice cream and a delicious caramel cinnamon sauce, and three small fried spring rolls full of banana.Smiling banana leaf has some of our favorite Thai in the city and its well worth the trip up, just be aware that the place is small and there is often a wait. If you live in the area, take-out might be just as good of an option.
5	Great Thai food in Highland Park! The restaurant is a bit cramped, though I haven't eaten there since the remodel. It's well worth it for the food. I've eaten in a couple times as well as getting take-out on multiple occasions. Consistently good Thai food, which cannot be said of a lot of restaurants around Pittsburgh.
4	I love this place! I used to live right around the corner from them. The tofu paradise and choo curry with tofu are both amazing! Their spice levels are spot on. I love spicy food and cannot eat past an "8" here because it is hot, but delicious. The only con is that the place is extremely small. Takeout seems to be the way to go.
4	I came here with bunch of friends and I would say this is probably the best Thai food I have had in Pittsburgh. Very reasonably priced along with great service. Everyone answered any questions that we may have had and had plenty of patience. I order the beef Rad Na which compared to what I have had at other Thai establishments throughout the US it was much soupier than what I am used to but still very flavorful. The Tom Yum soup was very much in line with what I have experienced if not better than other places. The only real issue I had was with the seating setup in this place. Since we had a large group we had a table that had a wall mounted bench that was just too high for the table. My buddy and I basically had to sit with our waists at table level, A little bit of oversight during design and construction, not that big of a deal but worth mentioning.Check it out.
4	Amazing Thai food! Cute, small place. Everything there is really delicious. Love their green curry and garlic entree. The service does get a bit slow, I feel like it's gotten a little worse lately. They could probably stand to hire another server.
3	I showed up Saturday night with the GF, and there seemed to only be three staff total, what looked like the owner and two waitresses. Between them, they were cleaning, taking orders (including takeout orders), delivering food... the whole gauntlet. As a result, here's what our night approximately looked like:7:45 - Arrive at restaurant7:50 - Table opens up8:05 - Get seated at table8:25 - Take order8:35 - Appetizer arrives8:50 - Entree arrives9:10 - Finish meal, pay at counter because we didn't want to wait for the checkI realize that this is a small independent restaurant, but c'mon, an hour from when a table opens up to when the entree arrives? I don't think it would kill them to hire an additional waitress.So despite this pretty major gripe, Smiling Banana Leaf still gets a 3 because the food was quite good, and inexpensive to boot. We ordered the as entrees the duck curry and tofu eggplant basil. The flavors for both were excellent, bright but well-balanced, although the tofu eggplant basil needed more eggplant. Minus the whole time issue, I would give SBL a 4.5 (5 if the eggplant dish had more eggplant), but I just can't overlook waiting 15-20 minutes just to place your order, and the overall slowness. Sorry.
4	The lunch menu is fantastic (few bucks cheaper than the dinner menu)!  Every item is delicious, I try to get a different dish each time I go.  In my opinion it is the best/most authentic Thai food in Pittsburgh.Its a small venue though, so its hard to accomodate large groups.  Its also far from CMU campus, so I can only make it out maybe once a week (wish it was more!).
5	inexpensive and delicious
3	Smiling Banana Leaf, I love your food, but you won't get your 4 stars back until you give me the spiciness level I ask for. I know an '11' can beat out 'medium' store-bought salsa, I know it can. It seems like every time I go, I order a higher level of spice, and the dishes get milder.
5	Honestly, I'm going to have to give this place 5 stars. There is absolutely nothing wrong with Smiling Banana Leaf.Food - super flavorful, and piping hot when it arrives. I found myself drooling over half of the menu. A really great selection. The pineapple curry my friend had was spot on, the vegetarian spicy tom yum gai noodle soup was superb and my friend's shrimp special stirfry was super good. The fried calamari appetizer was a bit small, but it was clearly fresh and delicious.  Prices - extremely reasonable. The three of us each had entrees and shared an app and it came to 50 bucks with tax and tip. Amazing!Service - friendly, genuine, prompt, and yes, we had the lovely tall Thai woman/transgender waitress. Honestly, she is one of the loveliest people ever. We were seated and out in an hour. We werent' rushed and everything was timely. The place was absolutely packed, with only two waitresses. Ambiance - it is small (probably seats 30 max), and I don't think they take reservations, so get there at a decent time! The table layout make it not cramped at all though. It's not romantic and can get a tad noisy, so it's perfect for a friend gathering. Bonus! BYOB, you can't go wrong.
5	This is an amazing place to eat. Probably the best fusion food in Pittsburgh. A must try!
4	I've been to a handful of Thai restaurant in town and Smiling Banana Leaf is by far the best.The outside tables are a  little bit wobbly, but are surrounded by fragrant flowers. Service was prompt and attentive - even when we came right before close. I fell in love with the pumpkin curry. Luckily, my friend enjoyed a hearty helping of my meal leaving me with enough room to sample the mango and sticky rice. The dessert was a perfect end to a delicious, reasonably priced meal.Not to be missed!
3	I was really excited to try this place based on all of the reviews, but overall I wasn't very impressed with the food (more because of personal taste rather than them)What we sampled: Tom Kha soup with chicken and with shrimp (overall it was a good version, but I was a bit confused by the cabbage that was in it?  I have eaten a lot of Tom Kha and have never seen this before)Pad Thai (way too sweet.  It was sitting in a pool of very sweet sauce that was a bit too much)Red Curry (one of my faves, but I did not like the peas in it.  I specifically didn't order the duck curry because it mentioned peas and then I found them floating the red curry)Mango and Sticky rice (delicious)Overall service was very friendly and prices were good, but there is so much thai to try in this town I don't know if I would feel the need to return immediately.
5	let me just say that i've been to my fair share of thai restaurants in pittsburgh (bangkok balcony, silk elephant, thai place) and smiling banana leaf definitely has the best dishes at the best prices. i came on a wednesday night, so i had no problem getting seated. the hostess/waitress was super friendly and attentive, and our orders came out promptly. i ordered their pad thai (@ 7. i know, i know, i always feel lame ordering pad thai, but i really hadn't had good pad thai in a while...), my friend had their green curry (also @ 7), and we both also ordered thai iced teas.my pad thai was delicious and at the perfect spiciness level; the 7 for green curry was a /litlte/ too spicy for me, but still really good. thai iced tea was fine, as always.so overall, nice atmosphere, good food, and friendly service :) no complaints!
4	I'm hardly an expert on Thai food (though quite by chance, this is my second visit to a Thai restaurant in a month) but we had a really positive experience at the Smiling Banana Leaf (including the outstanding service from the tall "woman" who is exceptionally friendly.  I had the duck noodle soup, my wife had the Chef's chicken special, and my son had the pumpkin curry, which was plenty spicy for me at number 5!  Everything was very tasty, well presented, and indeed, incredibly reasonable in price.  Dinner for three with tip for less than 40 bucks.  (We didn't do the BYOB thing, but it's definitely an option.)As is often the case in Pittsburgh, we meandered through quite a few interesting neighborhoods en route, and I was a little leery when we pulled up to park.  But once inside, the place is modest, but nicely decorated.  Showing up after 5:00 on a Saturday night without a confirmed reservation seems like it would surely lead to disappointment!  Still learning about the nuance of Thai cooking, but thinking this has set a nice baseline for our future exploration!
4	Get place to eat and get away...i love the red curry yummmmmmmmmmmmm
5	Smiling Banana Leaf is the Cadillac of Thai food restaurants in Pittsburgh. There are a lot of Thai places in the Burgh, but this is as good as it gets. The place is tiny and it's a very intimate atmosphere with soft candlelight. It's a great place to take a date and it's BYOB. The food is fantastic. Consistently. Also, I like that they don't try to dumb down the spice level of their dishes. If you're averse to hot and spicy food, make sure that you tell them as you order your food. On a scale of 1-10... The place is within walking distance of my home and the staff always remembers my name. I am smitten with this place.
4	The best Thai food I have found so far in Pittsburgh.  They aren't afraid to spice things boldly (as Thai food should be spiced).  The noodles here from narrow phad Thai to wide phad se ew are well done.  Sometimes they use a bit too much oil for my tastes.  They usually also do well in including a good bit of fresh veggies in the curries and noodle dishes.  They are small so get reservations if you want to eat on a weekend.  Also they are good for takeout...
5	We had a great late lunch here today. Excellent food and excellent service as well. The dining room is very small and cosy. The prices were also very reasonable.
4	Yelp'd "thai food" while visiting Pittsburgh and ended up here.  Probably a good thing we visited it between Christmas and New Year's because it is TINY and presumably less crowded due to the timing...a great neighborhood restaurant, but if they take reservations I would strongly encourage (we were 4 and just walked in...and probably got a little lucky that a table was open). I'm almost strictly a Phad Thai and spring roll person, so that's the basis of my review.  The fried spring rolls were good, but, disappointingly, they were room temperature...as if they had been fried earlier and deliberately served that way...call me picky, I like to feel like they just came out da frier.  The Phad Thai, however, was quite tasty.  I've had better in PA, but that's no complaint, this was still pretty darn good. Good portion size, fair pricing. I would certainly recommend this place...very quaint...very neighborhood...probably an awesome place to walk to on a nice summer evening if you live in the area, but also worth the jaunt if you're an out-of-towner (be warned, parking can be a challenge).  And there's a cool coffee/pastry shop about 2 blocks away that's good too (but the name slips my mind...something with "Enrico" in it).
5	Once again, Yelp steers us in the right direction. Delish! Don't forget to BYOB!
5	THERE'S A VERY GOOD REASON OTHER REVIEWS FOR THIS PLACE START IN ALL CAPS!It's because this place is de-freaking-licious!If you read my other reviews on Thai places, you'll see I always get the Pad Thai as my point of comparison.  This place served me the best Pad Thai I've ever had!  My wife was pissed at me because I was too busy stuffing my face to talk to her.  The dish struck the perfect balance of deliciousness with the sweet Pad Thai sauce, scrumptious chicken, peanuts, and green onions.  The sauce was incredible.  Pad Thai I've had elsewhere is usually too bland or overpoweringly sweet and fake.  Instead, Smiling Banana Leaf has cemented itself in my mind as the gold standard for Pad Thai.In the midst of stuffing my face with noodles, I managed to set aside some time to breathe and take in the atmosphere.  I'm glad I called ahead for a reservation because there were only a dozen or so tables in the restaurant--and it was packed.  The lighting was low and the setting was intimate.  I would definitely recommend this place for a date night--if you can control how fast you eat...  Remember to get a bottle of wine beforehand (unlike me).  It's BYOB.
5	I have become completely obsessed with this place! It's adorable inside, the service is great, and the food is MIND-BLOWING. Seriously, I have yet to try a single thing here that I didn't completely LOVE. The pineapple curry is wonderful, as is the basils, pad thai, and get the samosas! The cucumber sauce served with them is soooo good! I normally get about a 7 for spicyness and it's very hot but bearable! Perfect, perfect food! Best Thai food I've ever had, hands down.
5	This place is delicious!Definitely make a reservation. I was skeptical when the hostess recommended making a reservation for a Tuesday night, but I'm so glad we did. The restaurant was packed! Granted, the place is small, but business was definitely booming. My husband and I ordered the chicken satay as an appetizer and the red curry and pad thai as our entrees. All of it was amazing. Loved the sauce that came with the chicken satay. I ordered my curry mild (level 3 on the spiciness scale) and it was perfect. I've noticed other people have mentioned the dishes weren't spicy enough - I guess I'm just a woos! My husband's pad thai was also tasty, probably some of the best pad thai I've had! Our server was attentive and friendly. They were the only server for the entire restaurant, but I never felt like we got lost in the crowd. My only complaint was not at the restaurant itself, but at my husband, haha! He forgot that it was BYOB and so we were left sipping on water. I don't think we'll forget a bottle of wine next time though! This place also does take out, which I'm sure we'll take advantage of one of these days.
5	Best Thai food I have ever had. I would be here all the time if I lived in Pittsburgh.
3	Have to downgrade this restaurant based on three consecutive bad experiences.  The last of which we found chicken in our tofu dish.  Not cool.
4	Smiling Banana Leaf is a wonderful neighborhood gem with a number of delicious options.  At one point it may have been a well kept secret, but food this good doesn't stay secret for long.The downside: The location is a little cramped, and the menu may be better suited for vegetarians than carnivores (I like meat better, but I have to confess the veggie stuff is better executed here).
5	WONDERFUL!!! I can't say enough about it. What a beautiful little gem of a restaurant. I received a gift certificate from a friend for Christmas. I had never been, and was excited to go. It is a tiny little place, but they manage to seat more than you'd think could fit in the space. Such a calm, relaxing atmosphere. The food is gorgeous from start to finish...it looks gorgeous, smells gorgeous, and tastes gorgeous! I savored every bite like it was my last. I took an out of town friend there for dinner and he loved it! Exclaimed over everything and said it was the best Thai he'd had in a long time, and he lives in Atlanta. The hostess/waitress is so lovely. She answered all of my questions about the menu, recommended dishes, and even adjusted the spiciness of a dish to my liking (I craved more spice!). The soup is to die for! A glorious experience all the way around. All I can say is go, go, go!
5	Smiling Banana Leaf is one of our favorite Thai places in Pittsburgh, and if Highland Park didn't "seem so far out of the way" (you know how it is to leave your part of the city, even when something is only a few miles away), my wife and I would be there way too often.My only complaint is that the Smiling Banana Leaf sort of defines the line between being a cozy, intimate restaurant, and being simply TOO SMALL. Every time that I've gone, we've had reservations or picked up take out, but you still end up standing for a few minutes, packed uncomfortably in the opening of the restaurant or standing outside, while your table is prepared. Once at your table, you still feel the almost-claustrophobic size of the restaurant, but it's easy to adjust to due to the brighter lighting that takes the setting from a potentially intimate dinner to a more casual one.Most of the hesitations go out the door, though, once you get your food. The food is excellent, and incredibly affordable. Your portions aren't likely to be as large as some other Thai restaurants in the city, but the price is perfect, and really, so are the portions...unless you're looking for a gluttonous evening.The curries are tasty and the pad thai is my favorite in the city. My favorite Thai dish right now is actually the pad kee mow/spicy noodle from the Banana Leaf. Their wide rice noodles create a different texture than other similar dishes that I've had, and really sets it apart.I'd say definitely make a reservation if you're going to dine in, as there are only about 8 or so tables. Otherwise, grab take out, because it's definitely one of the best Thai spots in Pittsburgh!
5	Small, cheap, reasonably sized portions (yay!), and delicious! This place is tiny, so make a reservation or get take out. I think it's up there with the best Thai in the burgh, but it's cheaper than other locations.
5	I came here once but didn't go in because my friend persuaded me to try another restaurant. "Big mistake, Big, Huge"Today my office got take out and we ordered from the Smiling Banana. Great menu selection all my favorites were there Pumpkin Curry, Pineapple Curry, Spicy Green bean...on and on I want to try everything on the menu. I had given up on finding a Pad Thai that I liked in the burgh; one of the girls who is a Thai Nazi said I should give it a try! Here is my review. I had the Veggie Pad Thai heat #3. I was slammed at work so had one taste, ran out of the room, turned around came back in. Took 2 big bites and "mmmm'ed"  Left the room to tell the girl that she was right. Best Pad Thai I have had in forever, or whatever I mumbled. Back into the room for one last bite. Worked for a couple hours busy. Had most of it left and thought it would be dinner. By the time 4pm rolled around my Pad Thai was finito and I want to order more tomorrow. Scratch that...right now!
4	I got takeout for dinner from here this past Sunday with a dining companion.  Since we got there a bit early to pick up our food I was able to look around a bit while waiting.  The restaurant itself is quite small and I counter ~25 seats in the whole place.  It does have a cheery feel with yellow walls and some flowers that looked real from where I was at.For my dinner I decided upon having the chicken red curry at a level 10 spice while my dining companion had the chicken pad Thai.  There was an ample amount of food as I got a large portion of curry as well as a big side of rice.  The food itself was really good, better than most Thai that I have had in Pittsburgh.  My curry was spicy but not overly so and had a good mixture of all of the ingredients inside of it.  My dining companion also commented that she really enjoyed the Pad Thai.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely eat here again.  The food was good and I would like to actually sit in the restaurant and eat as it is a BYOB.  Of course when I do want to eat there I  would try to get reservations since the restaurant is so small.
5	Best green curry I've had in the city. Portion size good for weight conscious people. Simply delicious Thai food!! Wish they had bigger seating area.
5	Definitely my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh and the best Thai in Pittsburgh.  This is the most authentic Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh.Their pad thai with tofu, Kao Soy, Green Curry, etc. is superb.  I also like that it's BYOB.My only complaint is that they don't deliver.
5	The best Pad Thai, punang curry, and pad see uu. Evar!!!
5	i just ate here again i love thai food now...YUMooooooooooooooooo i had the red curry mmmmmmmmmmmmm...get it on a 10 HOT HOT SPICEY TOO LOVES and nice pepole that work..
2	I don't care much for Smiling Banana Leaf because although I ask every time which entrees can be made without fish sauce, shrimp paste, egg etc, I am offered many choices but the food always tastes like fish sauce anyway; either that or msg (admittedly, I confuse the two flavors, but I truly think in this case it's fish sauce, unless maybe it is msg that has so many people hooked on this place!). I also agree with Jarrett H. in that they seem to take you for a fool when ordering a high spice level, so they just serve everything U.K. style. In conclusion, I feel that the Smiling Banana Leaf does not practice respect for the customer's requests. Vegans and spicaholics beware.
4	Delicious food, good service, relatively low price. This cozy restaurant has an intimate feel and the accompanying limited seating. The food is consistently good and prepared to requested spiciness.
5	I did it, I fiiiiiinally ate here! Whew! I'm giving it five stars for taste and service, but I hate that the prices change drastically at night and that it is so teeny-tiny! But cozy, for sure - I mean, people. seriously. did not want. to leave. Anywho! I shared a dinner-sized portion of the salmon with red curry sauce with a friend, and there was plenty for both of us. Even still, when I asked for a little more of the curry sauce, we were happily obliged!  I think we were seated in the coziest part of the restaurant - a four-seater right near the wrap-around front window, with a wall-bench (and pillows!) on one side and chairs on the other. Nice, candle-lit ambiance and oh man, I was thinking of the food the whole way home and almost (almost) did not brush my teeth that night, to preserve the flavourful sanctity.
5	Amazing! The hostess/server was wonderful and so kind. Food is excellent and a bit addicting.
4	Very tasty.  My first experience with Smiling Banana Leaf was with takeout.  Everything was ready on time and piping hot.  The pad Thai is great as is the garlic preparation (I had it with beef).  I'm also a fan of the dumplings.  The restaurant itself is a bit cramped, but the service the one time I at inside was friendly and efficient.  I will likely return for takeout many times.
5	I literally walked in to the Smiling Banana Leaf not knowing what to expect, and I am not ashamed to say that I was totally blown away and fully satisfied after my afternoon adventure there for lunch..I will admit that I might be the worst person to ever judge anything Thai, as this was one of the first times I've delved into this particular cuisine, but we showed up being in a hurry looking for a quick lunch only having about 45 minutes to get in and get out, and we were sat and served delicious Thai food with plenty of time to spare.I ordered the Pad Thai Chicken and asked for a little spice. ( The server asked how spicy I wanted it on a scale of 1 to 10, and I'm pretty sure I said "not too hot.") My dish was brought out within ten minutes and I couldn't help but dive right in, even though it was steaming off the plate.My Pad Thai was delicious. It was perfectly spiced, as it was spicy, but not too spicy to make me take a sip of water after every bite. I loved it, even though I ate it Americanized with a fork instead of chop sticks. I will definitely come back and try some of what they have to offer for dinner and I'm looking forward to it.
3	This place is so so highly rated and talked about I was surprised at how small it actually is!  I can't imagine what the wait would be for a dinner, let alone a weekday lunch, where every table was full still.  But it's super cute and intimate with the benches lined in cozy pillows.  My Pad Thai was good, but oh so small.  I think I received the lunch portion.  I didn't specify, so it was my bad.  But I gobbled my dish up in about 5.5 seconds and I wanted more because it was so good!  The shrimp was plump and the sauce was sweet, just how I like it.  Maybe it's my big American appetite, but I definitely left hungry.  Just a little taste of magic!Very good Pad Thai, yes.  But here's the thing... This place is SO highly rated I feel like I need to go back and be adventurous!  Next time, adventure's on!
5	I'm assuming best Thai food in Pgh, though I can't say I've thoroughly tried the menu.  I always order Tom Yum and Pad Thai (both #5 heat, which still isn't too spicy).  Nice decor and quaintly small inside.  Street parking is surprisingly ample, which makes the drive to Highland Park worth it.  Reasonably priced, the food is full of flavor and not greasy, which I've experienced at other Thai and Pan Asian establishments around Pgh.  As much as I love this place, I wouldn't recommend the fresh spring rolls (For spring rolls, check out the Vietnamese Pho restaurant in the Strip).  Banana's version are a little bland in comparison to the greatness of their other dishes.  Either way, this place is a must!
5	I love this place. I go here about once or twice a month...But there are some truths that must be shared. I agree with the earlier review that everything tastes like it has fish sauce in it (& I love fish sauce.) The place is tiny and could use a fresh coat of paint and some cleaned up chairs. I never have a problem getting a table around 7pm. I order the red curry or the pineapple or pumpkin curry (which both have the red curry as a base.) I love the crispy duck salad. And the Tom yum is ridiculously amazing. Prices are reasonable too. For three courses I usually pay $25.
5	I've been around the world, and I've seen a lion, and I think this is the best Thai food I've ever eaten. Word to the wise: I asked for a 3 (out of ten) in terms of spiciness, and it had a good kick despite. If you want mild, say you want it at 1.
4	Five stars for food and two stars for service. The waitress didn't seem to pay attention to our requests. For example, when I asked to see a dessert menu, she handed us our check.Overall, I recommend it for the scrumptious food but don't expect too much in terms of service.
3	In Pittsburgh for two days and found this on Yelp. I had a cold so I wanted some good old Tom Yum. I found the food at Smiling Banana to be too sweet. I know that sugar is used in Thai sauces but everything was too sweet. We  also ordered the seafood salad and a green curry with chicken. Salad was ok, but much of the seafood was tasteless. The curry was the most successful dish, but chicken was tough. We got everything 5 out of 10 for spice level.  Maybe we should have gone higher in the spice scale.I liked the space and the service was good. The bathroom had no paper towels to dry your hands on.
3	3.5 stars.This place was pretty good although it doesn't compare to my favorite places in NY, Houston, and SF. But I gotta remember ... I'm in Pittsburgh.The papaya salad was really good and tasted authentic. The fried tilapia, though tasty, was a let-down because of it's small and thin size. The pad thai needed more tamarind flavor and was kind of wet.The mango with sticky rice was absolutely delicious though. We finished all of our food and left happy. Will definitely return.
4	It was awesome!This is a place that true foodies will enjoy ( I can't believe I wrote that, but it is true).- small (tiny) but warm, friendly, and cozy- food was insanely good (everyone at table agreed)- really cute area of Highland park
5	I don't know much about Thai food, but I have to say what they serve at the Smiling Banana Leaf is absolutely delicious. I've had the sweet & sour entree with tofu and the pineapple curry also with tofu. Soooo good. The second time I visited my tofu could have been just a tad bit crispier, but the meal over all was pretty delicious. It is small and the outside and inside decor does leave quite a bit to be desired. As some others have warned, watch out for the spiciness! My boyfriend ordered his meal at a 7 (out of 10) and his eyes were watering! His entire face turned red and he finished off two glasses of water by the time he was halfway through his meal lol! He did very much enjoy it, though.I have only eaten at one other thai restaurant in Pittsburgh, but this one blows the other out of the water. It is also BYOB, which I have not partaken in, but keep that in mind!
4	Love the Panang Chicken Curry. Service second time there was not as friendly (first time great service) but food is so good it made up for it!
4	Love the food... The servers are friendly and the service was pretty good. The place is small and the location is somewhat odd. But nevertheless, a highly recommended place if you're in search of a great thai cuisine. They also have a limited outdoor seating which could use a bit of TLC.Plus, it's BYOB :)
3	I've been wanting to go to SBL forever. Like, FOREVER. I just for some reason never did. Maybe I was just expecting too much but I was a little let down. This is not the best Thai food in Pittsburgh, oh no. It's not terrible (would rather eat here than Thai Place) but not stellar either.I started with fresh spring rolls, like I do at every Southeast Asian restaurant. They were out of shrimp so I got tofu. They were okay, but not enough Thai basil, and I didn't like that they cut them into pieces for you. The dipping sauce was good though.The pineapple curry had a great flavor but not spicy enough for me. My major complaint with it though was the meat was just not good. The pieces of beef were small and had a rubbery texture. I'm not expecting filet mignon in my curry, but this was pretty bad. Some of my friends' dishes that I sampled were better, particularly the noodle dishes. But my curry was not up to par, and since I order curry about half the time I eat Thai, this is a matter of importance.I like the BYOB and the atmosphere is cute, but I'll stick with Thai Cuisine in Bloomfield.
5	We are visiting Pittsburgh so just following the yelp reviews, it did not disappoint us!We ordered Tom Yum Soup, Glass noodles Salad, Green Curry and they were all delicious. The only thing with them was a short of labor... as the service was a little bit slow. But overall it was a very good experience.
5	My favorite place in the city to visit for anything Thai.  I've gone here an embarrassing amount of times in the past year and a half and usually choose tofu pad thai every time.  I've also had the spring rolls, fried rice, thai ice tea and thai ice coffee, all of which are terrific as well.Apart from the food, I must say that the gracious service really makes this place.  Practically everyone here is warm, polite and attentive.  Particularly the tall woman who remembers what I order every time and recently spoiled my friends & I to some free after dinner ice cream.The only tiny flaws are the portions are slightly smaller (though still less expensive) than some other places I've gone to.  I've lucked out and never had to wait for a table inside but I can see that may be a problem in the winter time.  I do highly recommend it.  One of the many gems of Highland Park.
5	In sum, the food here is mind-blowing and simply to die for...if eaten as a take-out or  to eat in person via a reservation only methinks. I prefer the former, I get a little claustrophobic sitting that close to complete strangers. We are fortunate, us Pix'burgers to have a nice selection of Thai restaurants in the area. That being said this is the uncontested winner in my book. The servers are great, friendly, welcoming- it seems everyone enjoys working there. That is an excellent framework for any successful business. The parking can be rough, it is on Bryant Street. Any given weekend can make this messy. Best to use the buddy system. I call ahead for take-out, me husband drives a few laps around if his double parked car becomes an issue... I run in and grab the goods.I ordered the Moo Yang for our starter. Grilled and mouth-watering, slightly smoky and sweetly marinated pork served on a bed of lovely greens. A nice pile of sticky rice to boot. Did I mention the dipping sauce? Not that the pork needs it, but seriously what is in this spicy plum sauce? I want to ask for extra next time and eat it with a spoon. Then again I am obsessed with dips, sauces and the like. If you are not- you are missing out! Nevertheless, the pork can stand on its own.Soup. Oh dear. I am quite the sucker for coconut based broths. Let me tell you that the Tom Kha Soup is a pure creamy decadence of nirvana. I cannot say enough good things about this soup in general and especially their preparation of it. They obviously use a decent coconut milk. I honestly can say I can tell the difference. Moreover, the ginger or should I say the galangal the "kha" of the soup brings that sweet and zesty twist that complements the coconut milk fondly. A bit of mushroom, a hint of lemongrass, a splash of lime juice, and a dash of red chili paste (methinks) merry well together especially when one chooses to add the shrimp. I think non-shrimp eaters would like that one can add chicken, beef or tofu. But the shrimp, juicy medium sized scrimps! Love it.I have a confession to make...I am that Thai-food customer...but it is okay- I can admit it...I love Shrimp Pad Thai. I order it every time I eat Thai food. I know, I know. I cannot believe I am writing this in a such a public forum. I feel like I need to attend some sort of addiction group. "Hi, my name is Jordana and I cannot resist ordering the same Thai entree every time we go out for Thai." Nothing is more run-of-the-mill than Shrimp Pad Thai. In that essence, I am not a daring food critic of sorts. But- I promise the next time I order a Thai entree I will go outside of my Pad-Thai comfort zone and share all the details with everyone. Nevertheless, their Shrimp Pad Thai is the best in the city! After all-who would know better than I the purported amateur Shrimp Pad Thai eater =)Enjoy the food, I know you will =)
3	I really wanted to give this place more stars based on the other reviews... but alas, just 3 stars.  I ordered the Thai samosas and spring rolls, and both were phenomenal!  I then ordered the pad thai ( i know super generic, but I wanted to try it).  Let's just say, it was definitely lacking in the flavor department.Service was great, but the place is rather small and kind of smelled a little funky in a sewage"y" way.  Nonetheless, if you can get a seat outside, it makes the experience a lot better.  Overall, I'd go back, but only if I could eat outside.
5	After one meal at the Smiling Banana Leaf, I was pretty certain I was hooked. A second visit recently sealed the deal: every Thai meal in Pittsburgh will have to live up to the high standard set by the Smiling Banana. We had the panang curry and basil curry, and on our second visit, the crispy duck soup and noodles along with red curry. Everything was delicious, and the service on both visits was attentive and nice without being overly intrusive - which is hard for a restaurant with a tiny dining room.Now that I've mentioned the tiny dining room, I can be honest. my biggest fear is not "will I have a good meal?" it's "will there be a wait - I'm hungry!" So far so good, but just for the record, it's food totally worth waiting for.
4	Great waitress.  Nice to sit outdoors. Can be crowded indoors.
1	That's it. I'm never eating Thai in PGH again. I visit my boyfriend from NYC every month and though I look forward to seeing him, I don't look forward to the dining options here. This (from Yelp reviews) is supposed to be the best Thai in the city, but it's really just below average Thai food. We tried new things this time and with each bite, I kept thinking about Sripraphai in NY. That restaurant both spoiled and ruined me.The panang curry was watery, lifeless, and just really sad. A few strips of carrots and bell pepper. 4 small broccoli and a few pieces of pork. Really?? For that price?The fried calamari was overly breaded that I couldn't taste the squid. If you told me they were onion rings, I might believe you. Also a severely small portion.The sticky rice we ordered was HALF A CUP size. I was floored!The papaya salad was fine, but I was most disappointed that our waitress didn't give us the dessert menu. She took away our plates and just handed us the check. From what my boyfriend told me, she's a terrible waitress (the short one).As my boyfriend and I were walking out of the restaurant, we both agreed that it will be the last time we go there. I'm just going to bring him Thai food from Sripraphai straight off the plane.
4	Excellent and reasonably priced Thai food! This place is tucked away in a pretty unassuming location, but that only adds to the allure of the place as a hidden gem of Asian cuisine in Pittsburgh. I've heard that there are other great Thai places in the area, but I haven't tried them yet. For now, this place suits me just fine and serves dependably excellent and authentic Thai cuisine.Definitely give their tom yum soup and curries a try!
5	We consider this one of the best Thai restaurants in town as we have been to almost every Thai restaurant in the Pittsburgh area. We are never disappointed when we go or when we get take-out.We often order as an appetizer 'Tofu Paradise'  and split an entree of "Pad See Ew"  which are our favorites there.Noodle Dishes: ExcellentCurry Dishes: Ok- too much liquid Atmosphere and Service: Great BYOB and Outdoor Seating: Nice extra
5	Best thai food i have eaten in pittsburgh.  We ordered the  dumplings the sauce to go with it was excellent we also tried the soup i didntthink i would like a coconut based soup but it was also great.  We ate the ginger dish and the panang curry both were excellent the sauces and flavors are both top notch.  We finished with the fried banana dessert which i recommend to anyone.  I love spicy food and ordered 8 stars the other dish was 3 stars both dishes had a lot of spice so if you are not a spicy food kinda person get 0 to 2 stars regardless though the Food gives this place 5 stars on top of the food the service was great.and the resturant while not fancy or very spacious was a great cozy place on a sunny afternoon.  I will eat here again whether it is dine in or take out. 5 stars  This place is a must try here in pittsburgh.
5	I had no idea banana leaves smile, but that's beside the point.  This place is fantastic.  It's kind of a hole in the wall neighborhoody sort of place in Highland Park.  The food is absolutely delicious.  I had the veggie pad thai which was made appropriately spicy as I requested.  It came out fresh, hot and full of veggies.  Seriously, the quality of food here rivaled some Thai restaurants I've been to out in the Bay Area where amazing Thai food is like a dime a dozen. The outdoor seating is a great feature of this restaurant, especially on a nice cool evening when you can just hang out, eat some great food with great company and just people watch.  Almost like a cafe in some sense.  Very refreshing and unique.  Asides from the stupid bus stopping every 20 minutes by the corner of the restaurant, you almost forget that you're in Pittsburgh.Seriously though, the value here is tremendous.  Plenty of food for your buck.  BYOB if that's thing your thing.  Service is solid and can be somewhat personable, which certainly isn't a bad thing.  Finally, a place that can go toe-to-toe with Pusadee's Garden; check it out!
3	The food I ordered was very tasty. I got pad-see ew  with beef, and pumpkin curry chicken. I tend to prefer my curries a little less watery and more thickened, but it was still a nice flavor. Good portions, fair proportion of meat. I'll warn you- the prices on their website are not accurate. Their prices are actually higher.The reason I gave it three stars was because I was very disappointed in the service. I made an order at 7pm on a Saturday, and was told it would be a 40 minutes wait. That in itself seemed excessive. So I arrive at 7:40, ask for my food, and she says it will be another 10 minutes. That seemed long for a mis-estimated time. And yet ten minutes later, it was still not ready. I ended up waiting until 8:20 to get my food. People who complained more got their food sooner. I wouldn't have minded if they warned me beforehand about the wait, and given me an accurate time. But an hour and twenty minutes for food is ridiculous, and making me wait in their small entranceway for an additional 40 minutes is also ridiculous.
5	I still think this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. The green papaya salad is on point, the other dishes are also delicious. I recently went to that other thai place on butler street...it has a nice ambiance and the food is also exceptional, but I just love the papaya salad at smiling banana.
4	We tried this place visiting from New York City, where there are plenty of great Thai restaurants.  I would say this place is well above par, even by NY standards: small place on a nice residential block, nice ambience, friendly service and, of course, great food. We had the basil dish and the red curry - both were excellent!  I've seen a couple reviews here saying the curry was a bit liquidy, but that's how it's supposed to be, from my experience.  Tom yum soup was also very good - I've had better but it was still above average. Oh and for dessert, the fried banana with ice cream was outrageous, and the mango with sticky rice was quite good as well.  I'm sure I will be back next time I visit to try more of their dishes.
4	Yum. Smiling Banana was the perfect blend of spicy delicious food, cute atmosphere, and ideal location. We drove out to Highland Park to visit this little gem on a referral from a friend and we were not disappointed.  The interior is very nicely decorated although would not accommodate a large group. The patio on our random 80 degree October days is also perched nicely in a cute neighborhood. I had the Veggie Pad See Ew, delicious! The hub had Panang Curry, which left a little to be desired. We also had the calamari which was pretty good also!Overall, I would say stick with traditional thai noodle dishes-but we left pretty satisfied.Pros: Pad See Ew, Service, Location (walk to Park Brugge for a beer after!), DecorCons: Watery Panang Curry
5	This cozy Thai restaurant is fantastic!  On Bryant St it is away from the busier areas of the city.  The food is excellent and the service is great! Our waitress was happy to help us.  I got chicken pad thai.  It's a lot different from other Thai restaurants in the city but just as good.  The Thai iced tea and coffee were great!  Large menu.  Comfy cozy place for a nice dinner.  The spicy scale seems to be higher than other Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh.  8 was quite spicy.
5	My husband and I went to the Smiling Banana Leaf on a tuesday for dinner. We knew this place was BYOB so we took a bottle of wine with us. The very friendly hostess/owner sited us and brought us actual wine glasses (you'd be surprised what some places that offer BYOB will offer to drink from). We had three appetizers: Thai Samosas, Chicken Stay and Tofu Paradise. Then my husband had the Seafood Pad Thai and I had the Chef's Specials: Prik Poa Talay. The food had a lot of flavor, fresh and crunchy veggies, spicy to your taste.The restaurant is small, with only 24 seats. From the outside you wouldn't imagine the warmth of the dinning room; there are pillows on the seats up against the wall, candles lit on every table and a beautiful mural on the ceiling. Finally I have to agree with everyone that the Smiling Banana Leaf has great service, great food and no corkage fee. We'll definitely go back.
3	This is a tough one...5 for the Shrimp Pad Thai (good flavor, perfect noodle consistency, good shrimp)3 for the Beef Basil Stir Fry (decent flavor, tough beef)3 for the Chicken Penang Curry (good flavor, tough chicken)2 for the Crispy Calamari Appetizer (SKIMPY portion- maybe 8 pieaces, too much breading)I really wanted to like this place, but I was definitely a bit disappointed- decor was nice, service was good, but the food was really a mixed bag.  In addition to some tough meat, the portions were on the small side for the price.  If you do go, get the Shrimp Pad Thai!
5	My whole family loves this place. It is cozy, the food is great, and the people that work there are very friendly. I've tried a variety of the dishes and haven't had a bad one. I particularly like the masaman curry, Thai samosas, and anything with their peanut sauce. Even if Banana Leaf were not a mere block away I would frequent the place!
5	- Decor: Upscale modern done nicely, very very small dining room.- Food: Curries are solid. I loved the Pad See Ew and the Pad Thai. - Value: Prices are what you would expect with the quality of the food and decor.- Service: I have been here three times and each time service was friendly and attentive.-Bonus: Pittsburgh has very few good Thai food and fewer that are this great. Definitely worth going out of your way for. This is the best Thai in Pittsburgh.
4	I had dinner here with my wife and two boys last night.  Although the description says that this place is not good for kids, there were many kids both young and old there last night.  I did not find any reason not to bring the kids here other than my own peace of mind.  The place is small so a reservation is recommended.  The menu has lots of different options.  We orderedtwo appetizers:  the chicken satay and fried spring rolls.  The satay was excellent.  It appeared to have an egg coating, and was very moist.  The peanut and cucumber sauces were both very good.  The spring rolls were a little too doughy and did not have a lot of chicken in them.  I would have preferred the shrimp or veggie; but sometimes you have to compromise with the rest of the family.  For dinner I had the Spicy Noodle Tom Yum Soup (spice level 5) with shrimp and veggies.  Sweet and spicy with rice noodles done right. I would have preferred more noodles than what was included.  The shrimp were so so.  I am getting tired of the small imported farm-raised shrimp as they ususally don't have much flavor.  Lots of fresh veggies.  My wife had the pad thai noodles with chicken, which she enjoyed.  I tasted it and the peanut sauce was really flavorful.  My boys both got chicken dishes, which were both very good, as well.  The place is BYOB and the restaurant provided us with nice wine glasses.  I don't they even charged us a corckage fee.  The place was hopping by the time we left.  There were two staff serving food and taking orders; they were very helpful is helping us decide what to get, and they managed to heep up with the tables despite how busy they were.  I will definitely come here again to try some new dishes.
5	excellent quality food, plain and simple. appetizers are incredibly delicious.
5	Last weekend, my boyfriend and I set out to satisfy our craving for Thai food.  After driving out to Pusadee's Garden and discovering it was closed, we did a quick Yelp search for the next closest place...and ended up at Smiling Banana Leaf.After a short 15-20 minute wait, we were seated at a table in the tiny dining room.  Not a bad wait, considering we didn't have a reservation.  I ordered tom yum soup and green curry with tofu and couldn't have been happier with my selections.  They will ask you on a scale of 1-10 how spicy you want your food, and they aren't afraid to really add some heat.  The portions are large, the food is flavorful and spicy, and everything came out quickly.  My boyfriend, who ordered the tom kha soup and panang curry, was equally as happy.  We left Smiling Banana Leaf full, happy, and with leftovers that tasted even better the next day.After our dinner at Smiling Banana Leaf, I craved that green curry all week long.  I even went so far as to attempt to make my own green curry.  And I've never made any sort of curry in my life.  Needless to say, I think I'll leave it to the chefs at Smiling Banana Leaf.We decided to make our second trip to the restaurant less than a week later.  We rarely eat at the same place twice, especially so soon after our first visit.  But we had to make an exception for this place.  This time, we planned ahead by making reservations and bringing a bottle of wine.  I decided to switch it up and try the tofu eggplant with basil, which was tasty but came out a bit cold.  My boyfriend again went with the panang curry, and enjoyed it just as much the second time.  Next time, I will probably switch back to a curry as well.Overall, I would highly recommend Smiling Banana Leaf.   The service is always super speedy and friendly, the food is delicious, and the value is great.  Considering how small the dining room is (probably seats about 25 people), I would suggest making a reservation.  It can also get quite loud when the dining room is full.  Keep in mind that the restaurant is also BYOB. I would rate this restaurant a 4.5/5 if I could, but for now I'll give it a 5.
4	Delicious food, good service, and nice decor/ambiance. Smiling Banana Leaf would definitely be my second choice for Thai food in the Burgh.
5	The Tom Kha soup was the BEST I've ever had! Great little BYOB place.
4	The only reason that I didn't give five stars is because I order take out more often than I stay and sit, so I can't speak to the service. Their pad see ew is the best that in the Burgh and their yellow curry is delicious as well. The last time I ordered the pad Thai, it was bland, but it's been delicious before so I could've caught the kitchen on an off night. The beef noodle soup is also tasty. I'm a huge fan of pho and Thai and the broth in this dish is delicious, warm, and spicy even by itself.
5	Best Thai in Pittsburgh. Worth the wait for a table, but just as good for take out.
2	I liked this place but didn't love it.My Tom Kha soup tasted like pure coconut milk, I could not detect the lemongrass, or the cilantro. Also too sweet.My pad Thai was forgettable, again too sweet. I forget whether a spice tray is offered here, I am sure one is.  Spice levels are not very hot. Parking is on the street do not park where the buses need to go (i think they are marked do not park to be fair). But my meal was repeatedly interrupted because of this. A little frustrated but it was not the owners fault, it was "black BMW and black Benz" as the manager asked over and over owners fault. So parking can be limited. No problems with service I just felt the food was a little over on the sweet side, the layering of spices was wrong. It is ok if you are tipping your toes into Thai. If you want authentic Thai over the Americanized version this is not it.
5	Thinking about their pad thai is making me drool.  We got our food to go, but we finished it before we got home (and eating pad thai and driving is not easy -- that's why I pulled over).  I got a spice level of 7.  It was hot enough to warm the face but not be unbearable.  It was delicious.
4	I have only ever had take-out here twice.  I asked for a 5 on the spicy scale and was not able to eat it because it was too hot.  The second time we did not ask for any spice and, although It could have used a little spice, It was incredibly delicious.  I will stay and get a seat next time.  My advice is, ask for a little less spicy than you normally ask for anywhere else.
5	I can get down with the Smiling Banana Leaf. The dining room is cozy,  gorgeous and ornate from the jade green glass table tops to the celestial mural painted on the ceiling. Each table had it's own glass vase filled with vibrant yellow tulips too.This was a truly relishable dining experience. My waiter had the face of a Calvin Klein model and I detected a Western European accent, was it Austrian, or German? I dunno but he had it going on! Any who I had the shrimp tempura , pork dumplings and pineapple curry with shrimp.  The shrimp tempura was cooked too hard and was dark not light. That is the one and only complaint I have for SBL. The shrimp tempura was served with a peanut dipping sauce that was both sweet and tangy and full of peanuts.  The was a very nice touch.  Thai food has me spellbound.  I cannot seem to get enough , I blissfully devoured every spoonful of my pineapple curry with shrimp. SBL is BYOB so I brought along a four pack of wine coolers.  Day drinking at it's finest.  Is BYOB just a dinner thing,  I am still new to the BYOB game.
5	Great meal.  We started with the shrimp spring rolls and steamed dumplings and both were very good, especially the sauces.  I had the green curry with noodles and shrimp.  It came with egg plant, broccoli and green beans.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  My wife and son enjoyed their meals as well.
4	There's not much I can add that hasn't been said already except to say that the Tom Kha soup there is some of the best I've ever had. Saw some folks hating on it down below. The thing is, every Thai place makes it a little differently so it could really just be a matter of taste. Heck, see for yourself. And if you've never had Tom Kha before, this is a great place to start.
5	My favorite Thai place in the Pittsburgh area so far.  It's a tiny hole in the wall place so if you come at a busy time it may be hard to get a table.  Everything I've had has been really delicious and the staff are super friendly.  I particularly like that they have curry noodle dishes since those are hard to find.  I tried both the green and read curry noodles and both were delicious.  Prices are reasonable and they also do take-out.  My only complaint is that the inside dining room rather cold both times I went.
5	sticky ricemango,green curry!!
4	Helluva place but don't blink cuz it's a bit tricky to find, the ambiance is amazing very intimate, the dining area is quite small ... The service was iffy.. If you needed a server you definitely had to flag them down.. ON TO THE MEAL.. I had chicken pad see ew, which was prb the best Thai food place I had ever had, also had the duck noodle soup which was very very good as well.!! I'd love to go back and continue to explore the menu...
3	A OK place. It's not the real thai food. It's like America-style thai food. I'm not sure why it gets such a high score.
5	Tiny place, like many good restaurants in Pittsburgh, but oh boy is this a gem. I had the Spicy Green Beans with a Vegetable Samosa appetizer, and both were delectable. My date had the Panang Curry, and I honestly couldn't pick which dish I liked more. Friendly staff. Pro tip: don't park in the convenience store lot that  shares a wall with this restaurant, unless the store is closed.
5	Oh my gosh, this place is so good. I've came here on multiple occasions and had a delicious meal, no matter what I got.  Keep in mind that the seating is pretty limited and if you want to go there on a Saturday night or something, a reservation would be a good choice.  I've had Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, and Rad Na, all of which were great.  They tasted even better than I expected them to and the level of spice was as I asked for.  If you come during lunch time, the prices can't be beat.  The lunch portions are enough to fill me up and it costs less than $10!  Also, the Thai Iced Tea is always a great addition to the meal.All their desserts are also super yummy. I've had them all but the sweet mango with sticky rice usually wins for me.  The mango with the rice is a great finisher to the meal.  Fried Smiling Banana is also something I'd definitely say to try if you've never tried it before.
4	The place has a nice decoration and the food was tasty. I had red curry and it was very good. Also try their drinks, coconut juice and ice tea ...
1	Food is great but the new waiters are a total joke. Two young guys who are either overwhelmed or plain incompetent. Would love to see if others start commenting on this too. For example, bringing us waters when we already have water, and then just leaving the waters on our table anyway. Or how about giving not checking in on us for 40 minutes while we wonder where the food is? There used to be a man (who later transformed into a lady) who was kick ass. Epitomized Thai hospitality to me, actually. Bring her back PLEASE. Watching the new front staff is like watching a bad comedy.
4	This place is consistently delicious, and the waitress I always seem to get is adorable. I usually get the same thing, so I can't tell if she actually thinks I'm a genius for ordering my usual (tom yum, glass noodle salad, duck and pineapple curry) or if she does that for everyone. Don't really care, because it's adorable.I also appreciate that it is possible for me to order something so spicy I can hardly stand it. I love spicy, but the most I can get here is a 7. If you're part asbestos, go for an 8. If you're suicidal, get a 10. The only negative comment I have is that because the place is so small, you can sometimes feel as though you're eating with the people at another table. Usually, this isn't a big deal, but on one occasion a family's three ill-behaved children all but ruined our night. Food: excellentService: greatAmbiance: cute, but crowdedOther people's kids: deserve takeout at best
5	Yum!  Charming staff.
4	In my opinion, this might be the best Thai food in the city.I just got done working a nightmarish shift at work, and decided to go with my coworker to get an early dinner.  I've been to this place before, and every time have had a pleasant experience.This time was no exception.  I got the red curry with beef (spicy level 9), and started off with some calamari. After having a brief discussion with the...absent server, I managed to get my calamari out to the table.  The calamari was great as always.  Not overly breaded, great soft texture, and the sweet chili sauce was a much better option than the typical marinara.The curry took a little long getting out, but made up for it as I took the first bite.  The rice was a colorful blend of different grain rices, and there was a generous portion of curry.  The flavor was great, and it was almost as spicy as I would have wanted it.  Home run.Now for the reason that put it short of five stars.  The service.  The server, who had some sort of European accent, was friendly, but seemed to be overwhelmed, which as a member of the service industry, I couldn't believe.  There was 3 tables other than myself in there, and he seemed pretty weeded.  My calamari came up after my curry, but he was apologetic, and get them out in a timely fashion, and kept my food hot in the back while me and my coworker ate our appetizer.  My water glass was empty within 5 minutes of sitting down, and remained empty until I was halfway finished with my meal, which was the only thing that really bothered me about my meal.All in all, regardless of the service, I would go to Smiling banana leaf whenever I'm craving Thai food.  The portions are large, the prices are fair, and the food is amazing.
4	I am not a fan of Thai food, but this place's food is really good.
4	First off, beware of the spiciness scale. I can handle my spice but when I asked for a 5 I was thinking it was going to be really mild. My mouth felt like it was in heaven and in hell at the same time.  The food was really good so I wanted to keep eating it, so I painfully ate every delicious bite. It probably was just a mistake or I'm becoming more sensitized to spice, but either way - the food was amazing. To start we had the samosas which had a bit of a twist on them! They had cucumber sauce and the dough was more similar to the wraps that spring rolls are made of.  It was interesting, but a little too sweet for my taste. I was looking for a more savory samosa. We had the pad thai and the panang curry which were good. However, the portions were pretty small and the prices were a bit high for how much food they were offering. The pad thai was not the best I've ever had but it sure beats a lot of other restaurants out there!Another downside to this place is that it's so small! You almost always have to make a reservation, the only time I got in was on a random Thursday for lunch. The service was really quick which satisfied my impatient 5 year old self so again, remember to tip well!
4	I've been searching for a good Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh and I think I found it. My dish was delish. Not a single piece of rice left on my plate. Left with a smile and a very satisfied tummy. Will be back.
4	The food is delicious.  I continue to get the chicken pad thai, but have also tried a number of other things on the menu.  Nothing has let me down yet, it is all just fantastic.  The service is usually very good.  My one minor complaint about SBL is that the dining area is rather small.  However, they also do take-out, so if you live around the area, it would not be a problem to get your meal to go.  If you are coming with a large group of people, you might want to reconsider as they do not exactly have the adequate seating for this.
2	I don't get it, 4.5 stars?  Ordered the garlic chicken, very bland.  Wife had the veggie pad thai which was also bland.  we paid ~25 bucks for 2 entrees and rice which was not cheap for thai in my opinion.  Very underwhelming.  Service was pretty good.  I prefer Thai Gourmet and Thai Cuisine
3	Am I missing something? From all of the reviews, I made the hike all the way up to Smiling Banana Leaf from the South Hills.  I didn't hate anything I had, I was just expecting something more exciting.  It just seemed to mesh in with all of the other thai places I have had before in the taste factor.  Not sure if it was worth the 40 minute drive.
4	Vegetarian review: The entrees are fantastic. My favorite are the noodle curries. The apps leave a little to be desired, but are good. The physical space is a little cramped, but cute. The service is consistently excellent.
3	I have been to this little place several times. Overall, its impression on me is OK. Parking - Street parking. Usually relatively easy to find a spot near the restaurant.Atmosphere/decor - Neat, modern, but extremely small. Usually extremely crowded, especially on weekends.Food - Each time the food has been pretty good. It is definitely one of the better Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh with regards to the food. The portions are not small, definitely filling. I usually order their curry, especially the roast duck curry. Today, we ordered a beef curry and the roast duck. We ordered one at spice level 5 and the other 3. Neither was overly spicy, but we couldn't tell the difference between the spiciness. Service - It's alright. Waiters/waitresses are quite friendly but always seem to be busy. When it's crowded, be prepared to wait for awhile for your food.Compared to other Thai places in Pittsburgh, Smiling Banana Leaf is one of the better ones, but personally I would prefer Thai Gourmet just because it is usually less crowded and more spacious.
4	This place is teeny tiny, but nicely decorated, the waitress was friendly and accommodating, and the food was out lickety-split. It was also very reasonably (dare I say cheaply) priced and DELICIOUS!!I had my faves, the summer rolls and basil chicken--HUGE lunch portion of  the entree!  Friend had the pineapple fried rice, HUGE portion of that, too, and she said it was yummy!  I will be back for sure!
5	This is a fun place to eat with good food and good prices. If you like Thai food, don't miss this place.
4	Hands down my favorite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. It's great whether you are eating there or getting take-out, but if you eat in be aware that it's BYOB. You can get a pretty good Thai iced tea though if you're not into alcohol. The food is reliably good and the portions are fair for the prices. I've always had a pleasant experience dealing with the folks who work here as well. If I had lived in Highland Park I would have eaten here all the time.
5	Amazing curry fried rice !
4	We picked up some Smiling Banana Leaf to-go after a strenuous yoga class.  I had the panang curry and my husband had the green curry.  We both enjoyed the flavors very much, and I noted that the veggies used were great choices.  I thought that the portion size was a bit small compared to what I've received at other Thai places.  I also was not that happy with the shrimp.  They were very chewy, and it might have been because it was to-go and they sat in hot liquid and got overcooked, but either way, the flavor wasn't very fresh on the shrimp either.  I would say the goods outweighed the bads though, and I would probably just get a vegetarian version next time.  The service was pleasant and quick for how busy they were.
5	I can't get enough of this place.  I haven't had a bad experience here yet.  They have some of the best Thai iced tea I've had anywhere, and their food is all excellent.  It can get a little cramped inside if it's busy, but you can always order take-out, so I can't hold that against them!  I frequent this place, and my girlfriend and I never get sick of coming here. Highly recommended!
5	Fantastic food, excellent service. I ordered take-out from here on a weeknight. Not only was the food amazing (pad kee mao w/ veggies and tofu), but they made no mistakes in taking down nor executing the order, which is really important for carry-out! Highly recommend. Enjoy!
5	AMAZINGI came here based of the reviews and the som tum they had on the menu. I loved this as a kid and I cant find a Thai restaurant anywhere that has it.I had the som tum and chicken panang curry and both were excellent. I don't remember what the other 5 of my family ordered but everyone enjoyed everything they ate. I ordered 2 stars based off many reviews and found that it wasn't spicy enough. I'm usually not a fan of really spicy food in the Thai category so I'm surprised my review isn't of the same opinion of others. Usually Medium is my max and at some places it's to much. However I wish I would of went 3 or maybe 4 start here on the spice. 2 was very mild to little heat.The place was very small, seating for 22 so make a reservation and the place was full by 6:30-7:00.Service was great and everything went smoothly. they were very friendly to my 6 & 4 year old and they didn't mine kids.
3	Everyone's food was ok. Our service was just ok (we had difficulty understanding our server) and there was NO room to sit inside. The restaurant is tiny. The bathrooms were not well kept either...go here if it is your only option.
5	Not even thailand delivers thaifood like this!! thumbs upppp!
4	I was looking for a Japanese place to eat at in highland park but they were close so this Thai place was th next best option.I had seen several reviews on yelp and it's high rating made me very curious so me and my hubby decided to try it...The space is very small inside yet cozy for a midweek afternoon lunch...there's only enough seating for 20 people max but the new sofa chairs they have are extremely comfortable and roomy.We ordered the fresh roll app along with the samosa. The samosa were small triangle shaped pastries stuffed with a potatoe mixture that was somewhat sweet and decadent..it also came with a sweet sauce with diced cumcumber that made it taste even better. The fresh rolls were good lots of fresh ingredients but to me they lacked flavor. The brown sauce that accompanied the rolls was delicious so it helped with the flavor aspect.For lunch we ordered the pad thai and red curry at a spicy level of 6. I had tofu while he ordered chicken. The tofu was perfectly fried and the dish looked and smelled great..when I ate it, again the flavor didn't pop out at me but it was good enough. I believe the spicy was took away from the flavor of my dish. My mistake there. The red curry on the other hand was very good beat I've had before...very flavorful like it came straight from thailand. The spicyness made it even better.We washed down out food with two mango juices which were smooth and not watery like the concentrated stuff..Our bill ended up being $44 after tip and an extra order of samosa, a lil expensive for lunch but I would return again...plus it's BYOB!!
5	We stopped here after the zoo one day - BEST DECISION EVER. I've had a lot of Thai food from a lot of places, and this is the best Thai food I've ever had. The service was friendly, the atmosphere was cozy and quaint, and even though it's out of my neighborhood, I will be returning regularly. Highly recommend!
4	I love, love , love this cute little Thai restaurant!  I have no idea what they put in their soup broth, but it could probably cure a whole litany of ailments.  If I could bathe in their wonton soup and drink straight from the pot, I would!  Do you know how many restaurants screw up wonton soup? A dish this simple can be easily made to taste like dirty bath water with clumps of soap.  However, this place pulls off a perfect symphony of delightfulness for your taste buds.Now that I have waxed on the poetry of the soup, I just want to say that Thai and pineapple versions of fried rice are excellent, along with the massaman curry dishes and the pad kee mow (spicy noodles) dishes.  Pick any meat or stick with the vegetarian versions and you can't go wrong.Additionally, the hostess is extremely friendly and accomodating here, which is a departure from some smaller Thai restaurants.All in all, you can't go wrong at the Smiling Banana Leaf!P.S. Some much larger restaurants can take a cue from whomever designed the decor in this place...It doesn't have to be large to fashionable or comfortable!
5	Great place! Loved the atmosphere & enjoyed our lunch very very much! Will def. return!
5	Pineapple fried rice is fantastic. Cute place but very limited seating. Takeout is available.
5	For what this place is, it delivers. A group of co workers went here for a meal. We have had their delicious catering before (highly recommend) and thought it would be good to try the restaurant.Note: byo beer. There is a place two blocks down where you can purchase some.I ordered a vegetarian pineapple red curry - medium spicy- and it was great. I actually rarely see this on a menu so I felt like I got a special treat! They also really nailed the spice for everyone at the table- no one added more. Parking is plentiful. Casual and small.
5	I would make this 4 1/2 stars if i could because of the size but  the pad thai is incredible. i can't bring myself to try anything else.  I started at a 2 in spiciness but now go 7 or 8.  As the rating bar indicates - Woohoo! As good as it gets.
1	The food is decent. The attitude of the owner and the server is really really f********* disgusting. He made a mistake in taking my order and I was told maybe "you did not tell me correctly". 20 minutes to get water to the table. Might as well close down the place and sell soda and chips.
3	Went there for the first time yesterday and I had high expectations given the yelp love. by and large they went unfulfilled. The room is small, some would call it cozy, but it did not look particularly friendly to me. It smelled weird too, something like cleaning product - perhaps the product used on the tables or perhaps a smell from the bathroom (speaking of which, the door of the corridor to the bathroom does not close properly, really annoying if you are near it...). and it was not very warm. I even considered not staying... The service was so ... slow. the  waiter being alone a wednesday evening. I know it's not his fault but management should make sure that 2 people are working there until closure.  The food was perfectly fine, but not outstanding. Our curry and spicy pastas were tasty, but not memorable. hard to see why i would cross town for it.
3	I really wanted to love this restaurant. The atmosphere is homey and I wanted to linger long after my meal was done. The food, however, left me a little underwhelmed, although I admittedly have high standards for Thai food. The appetizers that I ordered were spot on; the fresh rolls with shrimp were refreshing and light, while the satay chicken had great flavor and came with delicious sauces. The red curry, which I ordered with vegetables, was way too sweet. Achieving the right balance in curry can be hard, but this one was so sweet that I had to force myself to finish the portion I had on my plate. On another visit, I ordered the Pad Thai which seemed like it was missing something. The flavors weren't developed and I didn't enjoy it. The service is warm and personal, although the restaurant is always busy. Give it a try; you might love it, like some of my friends, or you might like other places better, but it's worth a shot.
5	This place rocks! The food is amazing and cheap. Its a hidden gem....
5	I've come here twice for a meal. I've tried the Pad Thai, Pineapple Curry, Spring Rolls, and the Tom Kha (coconut soup). Everything was delicious, exactly what you want from Thai food. I highly recommend this place.
5	Smiling Banana Leaf is my favorite Thai restaurant in the East End! If you eat in, the restaurant is very small, and I would recommend making a reservation. The service is always fantastic, and I never feel rushed, even if we sit for a while over dinner.It's BYOB, which I love! The prices are very reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food. The fresh rolls are delicious-my favorite starter. The red curry is my favorite. I also love the pad kee mao, which is loaded with basil. However, their spice scale is no joke, so consider that if you attempt you go hotter than a "5."They are usually very quick with takeout, which is great. I live about 10 minutes away, and if I call before I leave, it's always ready when I get there. Like I said, excellent service!Give this place a try, or maybe don't, so I'll have an easier time getting a reservation at my favorite little Thai place.
3	If this rating were based off the food alone, I would have to give it a 5. I am a bit if a Thai enthusiast and have been impressed by both the quality and the portion sizes of the dishes. However, I have to give it a 3 for these reasons: Every time I eat there, I'm cold. Truthfully, I run typically at a lower temperature than most, but when your boyfriend also needs to keep his winter coat on throughout the whole meal, you know it's too cold. Cosy or cramped? There is definitely a fine line. Also, the height of the booths does not measure up to the height of the table nor the chair sitting across from it. So if you're sitting on the booth side, you're going to be much awkwardly higher than the person who's sitting across from you.Thirdly, they use a very strong cleaning product or soap in the bathroom that is right off the dining room, so you get that smell pretty much the whole time. I would still return because I love the good so much (particularly the pad see ew and the cashew chicken) and it is a sweet place for a date. I do wish above all they would turn up the heating in the restaurant, especially during winter!!
5	My gf wanted Asian instead of BBQ, so I found this place with really good reviews. I was surprised how tiny it was inside, and it would be really cramped when it's full. Food was great, I had the pork dumplings and a couple orders of chicken satay. I forget what she had, except that she said it was pretty spicy. We both really enjoyed it though, and will definitely be back.
4	I have to admit I wasn't wowed by Smiling Banana Leaf during my first visit. I tried the pad thai - boring, I know but I had read so many yelp reviews saying it was the best pad thai in Pittsburgh - and was unimpressed (actually I thought it was kind of dry and lacked that awesome, rich peanuty flavor). I didn't really plan on going back until I was looking for an open restaurant on a Monday night and was in the area but I'm so glad I did. While Smiling Banana Leaf isn't my favorite as far as noodle dishes (Thai Cuisine and it's Spicy Basil Noodles wins there), it is by far and away my favorite for curry in the city. The pumpkin curry, in particular, is truly phenomenal. I love that they don't scrimp on the veggies/meat (no big bowl of sauce here), that the veggies are varied/interesting, that they have really great brown rice for accompaniment, and that the spice level here is actually legit. Granted, when I order a higher spice level the server often second-guesses me, but once I verify that I do indeed want my curry hot, they deliver (something that's been lacking at other Thai restaurants). Also, the spices they use in their curry seem more flavorful rather than just delivering tongue-burning heat.
5	We called ahead to order take out, and the restaurant said it would take approximately 20 minutes, which it actually did. So when we arrived, the food was ready to go.I ordered the beef pad see ew, which was great. The sauce was a semi-sweet soy sauce and the noodles weren't too dry or too sticky. However, the beef itself was a bit dry, so I would recommend ordering some other type of protein. My brother ordered pad kee mow, also known as drunken noodles, which was delicious. He ordered a 3, so it was a little bit spicy, but not unbearable. I personally liked the pad kee mow better.The portion is pretty generous (we ordered dinner size), and the food is delicious. I will definitely come again.
5	mmmmm.. I love this place!! Any negative reviews are WAY too skeptical because this is the best thai food I've ever had, and I've had alot. DEFINITELY go.
3	It's been over a year since I've been but I had a positive experience.
3	I've waited until I had been here a couple times before I ventured into this review. I have mixed feelings but not about the food. With one exception, all the food I've had here has been good. Really good. That exception was the calamari appetizer. That was just downright awful. "Crispy calamari" turned out to be 8 (I counted) small calamari rings that were deep fried beyond recognition and were impossible to bite through. Like bad onion rings. Just terrible! And for $6.50 it has to be the one item on the menu you absolutely must never order! Talk about a bad taste in my mouth! I'm willing to overlook them and just take it as a lesson learned.The spring rolls are a delight, the pork ginger was spectacular with spice level right on, and seafood entrees are very good as well. Lunch size portions are sizable and a really good value not to mention super tasty. I'd give the food a solid 4 star rating.The atmosphere, however, is abysmal. I'd give it 1 star. People tell you its small. That's an understatement. Small, crowded, uncomfortable. And in the winter, the front door opening and closing brings the temp inside down 5-10 degrees each time. BRRRR.  The setting is like someone set up tables in your grandma's living room and said, oh wait, we can add one or two more in here, you don't mind do you? - now sit down and enjoy! Sorry, that's not my idea of an ideal dining experience. There is no way you'd EVER get me here at a conventional dinner/lunch time nor on any weekend! It's bad at off peak times! So small and so uncomfortable it ruins everything! I consider Smiling Banana Leaf a take-out only place. The food is good and if I lived closer I'd have their number on speed dial. But don't invite me to dinner there. I won't go.
4	If I lived down the street from Smiling Banana Leaf, it would probably be dangerous. I'd probably get takeout from here every time I didn't feel like cooking. Eating in again would be another story. It's just so tight in here it's pretty uncomfortable. Their entire space is smaller than my family room & every time the door opened yesterday, I froze. Now for the good part. Their food is really delicious! They have so many options on the menu and many are seafood dishes, which excites me. I had a hard time choosing but ultimately picked the prik poa talay with seafood, lots of veggies & a sweet chili paste. Yum! There are at least 7-8 other menu options I'd love to try. Previously we'd tried multiple veggie appetizers and they were all very tasty. Yesterday we ordered the fried calamari & unfortunately it arrived overcooked. It was probably a 10 second mistake, so I won't be too harsh on that when everything else I've ordered here I clearly loved. Service has been outstanding in both our visits here & they delivered a full 9 in spice to my husbands dish, which made him super happy. It's rare when this happens.  Prices here are super reasonable - my lunch entree was $10. I'm anxious to eat their food again, but from now on its takeout.
5	Some awesome Thai food! We ordered takeout but we are definitely going back for formal dinner. We ordered vegetarian pineapple fried rice and pad Thai and trust me, it did not disappoint. Tasted good the next day as left over.Highly recommend!
3	We come from an area where Thai food restaurants (SF Bay Area)  are abundant so our review is probably a little bit harsh. We enjoyed the vibe , the staff and also there was plenty of parking to to be had. We had soup, flavored salmon and pad thai.
4	I feel like I need to try the Thai here again, because everyone else seems to love it so much. It was good, don't get me wrong, but my 9 spicyness wasn't that spicy :( That always makes me sad. Other than that the food was good, but not what I would call the best ever... Maybe the best in Pittsburgh.
5	Excellent! Everything we had was flavorful . The steamed dumpling sauce was the perfect combination of tangy and sweet. The decor and design reminds me of restaurants I loved in Los Angeles.
4	Samosas!Ah, I finally made it to Smiling Banana Leaf!  Being the fine purveyor of all things curry and Pad Thai, I was excited to finally grub down at this corner bound spot in Highland Park.Here's what lived up to the hype (no need to rehash the details already covered):1.  The Samosas2.  The curries (particularly the red)Here's what left a bit to be desired:1.  The Pad Thai2.  The curries (particularly the natural)So what's that mean?  Smiling Banana Leaf is definitely a good spot, but would I say it's the best Thai in Pittsburgh...  no.  It has some great dishes it hits out of the park, yet it has others which don't particularly have a lot of flavor.  Do yourself a favor and just do a little research prior to going.As for the space itself, this place is small.  I'd say reservations are a must on the weekend and make sure you bring a light jacket (at least for where I was sitting, the vent above me insisted on blowing cold air ... in December).  The staff were courteous as well (although not particularly helpful in offering recommendations).
2	I DO NOT understand why this place gets such good reviews. First, I *live* down the street from Smiling Banana Leaf, so I've had the dubious pleasure of going there more than once. Each time, I go and hope it'll be better--but it never is. First: the chicken is pre-cooked before it's inserted into whatever curry you order. WHY hasn't anyone else realized this? It's always gummy, and sometimes it's downright odd-tasting. In fact, if you look through the kitchen doorway on the way in, you can SEE the big bin of pre-cooked chicken. That's IF you manage to find the chicken in your selected curry at all. Last time I was there, I ordered the mussaman curry. As some other reviewer pointed out, it had crinkle-cut carrots in it. I ordered the extra chicken. The extra chicken tasted odd, but at least it was on the plate. The time before that, I got the green curry and it came with possibly eight pieces of thin chicken bits.Another time, I ordered the pad thai. "Pad thai," I thought, "hard to f**k that up." It came in a nondescript brown sauce, no vegetables, very little tofu, and black bits stuck to the egg in the noodles. The Pad See Ew is OK if you're hungry, but feels somewhat one-dimensional.And then there's the issue of their fried dumplings. Who sticks these things in a deep fryer? The last time I had them, they were unpleasantly crispy and overly oily. Anyway, I'm posting this because I can't for the life of me understand why this place is rated so highly. It's mediocre at best. Seriously.
5	Delicious food! I loved the green curry, and I also tried my friend's pad Thai and it was good. It gets packed here, so call ahead if you don't want to wait long!
5	This place is amazing! The traditional cuisine is tasty and not too expensive. I had the green curried tofu, which was amazing and just spicy enough. The place is small, intimate, and the owners and wait staff are incredibly nice. My brother lived in Thailand for two years and I took him here when he visited Pittsburgh. He ended up talking Thai with the owner for the rest of the night- they loved him as much as we loved the restaurant. If you're in the mood for Thai and can drive a little outside of the East End bubble, it's a must-do.
5	I ordered take-out, brought it home and couldn't stop eating it. I'm officially Thai'd out. Yet, I still want more :X THEY HAVE PUMPKIN CURRY. Agghhhhh!!! If you order won ton soup however, don't expect a plethora of won-tons; works out great if you're on a diet though! I ordered spicy on all dishes, maybe that's what made a big difference in taste.  Go already, bye.
5	Wonderful Thai food in Pittsburgh. Although this is not as frequently mentioned as other Thai places everything I have had is outstanding and the spices are always dead on. I have had both their pumpkin curry and pad kee mow (spicy noodle) and both were excellent. They are also one of the few thai restaurants in Pittsburgh that serve green papaya salad, which is a stable of thai food and a special treat to find. The place is small so it can be hard to get a table if it is a busy time, but they also do take out well. The staff is always friendly and eager to be of assistance. Do not miss out, you will not be disappointed and end up with a flavorful thai meal!
4	A teeny, tiny Thai place - super cute and super small - absolutely delicious very authentic Thai in the way of decor and food. Spicy! I love spice, but woo - this place likes the heat. I ordered my typical Tom Yum Soup and Pumpkin Curry. The soup was fantastic, lots of delicious veggies, but I ordered it a little too spicy - and I wanna say I only ordered it at a five...note to self, when ordering something with just broth and no rice or noodles to cut the heat - order with a little less spice than what I think can handle...The curry was also great, the rice helped the heat situation...and I had a little of my friends Pad Thai (a staple when you're going out for Thai food), which was also very tasty.Definitely one of the best Thai places in the 'burgh - I wish it was closer to where I live - though that could get dangerous, I could eat good Thai everyday...
4	A couple of friends and I decided to check it out on a snowy Sunday night in January. None of us are familiar with the Highland Park area, and it took us a couple of trips up and down the street before we found the location... and this was with our GPS. Maybe we're just navigationally challenged, or perhaps they need a better awning or sign or giant flashing arrow indicating their location.We didn't have a reservation but were lucky enough to be seated immediately. It doesn't look like it from the outside, but this place is very tiny, in a could-you-please-shift-your-table-so-I-can-get-into-my-seat-and-not-move-another-inch kind of way. It was moderately crowded when we arrived and only got busier as the night went on, so I would definitely suggest calling ahead for a reservation during dinner. The service was awesome: attentive staff and very efficient in terms of ordering and getting food out of the kitchen.As I usually do when I check out a new Thai restaurant, I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai at a moderately spicy level. The sauce the noodles were dressed in was very flavorful, but the entree as a whole didn't live up to all the hype and my expectations. The curries and other noodle dishes my friends ordered all looked delicious and they had nothing but good things to say. Thus I'm definitely looking forward to going back and trying something new next time.
4	Great thai food, a menu with a good selection of options. The tom yum was good, a bit too tangy for my taste, but my friends liked it a lot. The duck entree was very tasty! I got yellow curry with chicken and asked for a 9/10 spice (I love hot & spicy food). I would rate what they gave me at more of a 2/10, but oh well. The flavors were good, and the portions were perfect, with enough to bring home.We'll be back soon!
5	Excellent pad Thai. There's an amazing Thai restaurant in Lubbock, tx called Thai pepper. This place is on par with Thai pepper.
5	The pumpkin curry is real good.
5	This was our first Thai experience. The food was fresh and tastes amazing. My sister ordered the curry noodles with shrimp and the flavor was amazing. My shrimp pad thai was really good. Tasty. The hostess was very nice. We are definitely returning.
2	For a restaurant that made it to the "top 5 restaurants" in pittsburgh on yelp, this place was a major let down. There is great Thai, and then there is just plain blah Thai.... Smiling banana leaf's food belongs to the later category. There was nothing really memorable or special that set this meal apart... What a disappointment!For our meal we ordered their famed chicken pad thai, the fried rice & the red chili shrimp. None really good. If I absolutely HAD TO pick one I would say it was the fried rice (what a sad state of affair!)The place isn't large, just a hole in the wall. So don't you dare come in with a big group to enjoy the food here!Overall: I'm sure there are better options in Pittsburgh for thai food that would have deserved a spot on the top Pittsburgh restaurant lists over smiling banana leaf.
1	I cannot talk about their food because we left the restaurant after waiting 20 mins to get seated. We made a reservation and showed up on time. The waitress didn't bother to ask the name on which a reservation was made  and gave the  last available seat to somebody else who came to restaurant after us. All this while we were standing right there. I checked the list and sure enough their name/time was after ours. Also my living room bigger than this restaurant(no exaggeration), the tables are very close, noisy, ambience is bad. Did I mention that the area where this restaurant is located is shady ?  Never going back here, there are other/better options in PGH.
4	This place is pretty small...maybe room for about 30 people. Though lots of people do takeout from here, so I have never had to wait very long for a table. Servers are nice, though sometimes you wonder what happened to your drink. The pad thai was good, but not great. The cashew chicken was tasty. I enjoyed the cashew dish with tofu even more....fluffy cubes browned on the outside and soft inside....though they skimp on the cashews, which are the best part! I could drink the thai iced teas every day. I am a spice wuss, so I can't speak to that part of the meal. I order a 2/10 and still have to drink water like crazy.
2	I did my yelp research before ordering. Cautiously I said "mild" because the reviews come up warning this place can be very hot. True. The mild has a kick so the medium might blow your head off. Pumpkin curry is good but am a little curious about the diced carrot and pea mixture in there. I am guessing since the dice on the carrot was perfect and exact that this was from a frozen bag mix which upsets me. The curry fried rice had veges in it though that looked fresh and cut by a human so then I felt relief. My daughter tried the duck curry and said the duck was fattier than she is used to so I am not sure how to rate it.
2	This place is okay, I've had better thai in other restaurants. I order the chicken pad thai for lunch today. In my opinion the vegetables were over cooked and quite mushy plus the sauce itself was way too sweet. Unfortantely I don't think I will be back.
4	Wow, some of the best Thai food I've had. We started with fresh shrimp spring rolls which came with a sweet teriyaki peanut sauce. The appetizer was good, but the main entrees was outstanding!I had the red curry with shrimp at a spicy level of 10. This was an actual 10. The kitchen uses fresh red chilies which make for a very spicy dish. I needed four napkins to blow my nose and wipe my tears. This might not be ideal for all; however, for those seeking serious spiciness, then smiling banana leaf has what you're looking for. Overall, it was an excellent curry. If you're not a fan of overly spicy dishes, then you can have the dish prepared at a lower spice level.One of the drawbacks is that the restaurant  is quite small. We had to wait 30+ minutes for a table for two without a reservation. This wasn't a terrible inconvenience since there is a pub down the street. Just note that SBL is quite busy on Saturdays between dine in patrons and take out orders.I would rate this restaurant four and a half stars if I could.
5	Well kept secret that I sure am letting out. I love to get the mango chicken salad with the fresh chicken roll as an appetizer. Very light, refreshing and filling. The basil chicken is also very delicious. My top three favorite foods to get. They have fantastic prices and quick service. The staff is always very friendly and welcoming. The atmosphere is small and cozy.
5	Quaint corner restaurant in Highland Park.  Very flavorful dishes ---- pumpkin and green curries, the red and green curry noodle dishes, tofu paradise appetizer and tom kha soup are all excellent.  The lemongrass and lime flavors are very fresh.  The hot ginger tea is also very good --- the best when you run in on coldy, snowy nights.  The restaurant space is unique with decorative pillows alongside the perimeter bench seats.  The spice level is no joke - its legit.  I choose a 6-7 / 10.  Spicy enough for me.  When I first came here, I returned two more times the same week, dragging a different person with me each time to share the wonderful meals this restaurant provides.  One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.
4	We went at about 6:20 pm on a Friday and just barely got a table. This place gets packed! I got the pumpkin curry, which was delicious. My husband had pad thai, which was just okay. I got the impression that this place is a good staple for take-out. It's far too busy and cramped for a sit down dinner.
4	I got the chicken red curry, spice level 6 and my friend got chicken pad tai spice level 3. I would get them both again anytime. I called for take out and it only took 10 minutes which is perfect. Can't wait to try more!
5	The best Thai food I've ever had. I'm not eating curry from anywhere else ever again.
5	Best Thai in Pittsburgh.
5	Wow!  I was hoping it would be good by the other reviews on yelp...and it was!  The food is fresh, delicious and so full of flavor.  You will be blown away with how fantastic it is.  So authentic and truly worth the trip.  I wish we lived closer.  Everything seemed to be made to order and served perfect and I think the best thai I've ever had.  Can't say enough good words about it.
4	Fantastic local Thai with great prices, also great for take-out.Small dining area can create wait times and the space tends to be loud.
1	I've been disappointed by this restaurant many times now and have finally decided that I am never eating here again.On multiple occasions I've had horrendous 30+ minute waits for takeout food despite arriving after the time they've listed on the phone.  One time, my girlfriend was ignored by the staff for ten minutes only to annoyingly find out that our food had been sitting on the counter (getting cold) the entire time.Most recently, after another thirty minute wait despite arriving after their estimate, we finally got our food and went home only to realize that half of the order was completely incorrect.  Waiting over an hour for incorrect food is completely unacceptable.  I will never be returning to this place due to their terrible service.
5	OMG I'm back here again I love there food.. They make the best red curry chicken mmmmmmmmm
1	We called and the answering  machine. Had nothing to say. We arrived at a time  open on their internet site. We arrived to find they are closed for remodeling.Fuck em!Can't they put a message on the phone? I'm going to Nicky's. Fuck smiling banana  leaf owners, they are sloppy and left a bad taste in my mouth.I hear they  are closed for a poor health department rating
5	Very cool minimalist interior. Close quarters but still comfortable. Pleasant staff and incredibly fast service. Good prices. The best part is the food. I had the red curry noodles and it was PERFECT. I'm always on the lookout for my new favorite Thai restaurant and I may have just found out.
4	Pad thai was really pretty good but I prefer my noodles uncut. Curry dish was good. The tea leaf salad was a one on scale of one to ten. I'd go back for the other dishes and cute environment
2	Picked up takeout today and was disappointed to find out that the inside decor has changed greatly. No more vibrant colors with pillows on the dining benches. They have been replaced with a darker colors of hardwood floors and wooden tables. It is not the Smiling Banana Leaf that I remember for its beautiful interior. I ordered pad kee mow on a 8/10 spicy scale but found it to not be very spicy at all. The noodles were also clumped together a lot. So unfortunately, it has changed and I'm hoping that other dishes will be better tasting with fresh flavors and spices but time will tell, as I'm a bit leary to come back. Also, they no longer have lunch specials on Saturdays...not sure about the rest of the week.
4	This is just down the street from my house, so we go there or carry out all the time. Their curries are exceptional - and hot. They roast their own chills on site, so their 2 might be hotter than some are used to. Their Pad Thai is one of the best we've ever had. They used to have fresh spring rolls but don't anymore, and that's the only reason I didn't rate the place a 5. Bring them back! Bring them back! It's BYOB, and I'm not sure if they have a corkage fee. They have outdoor dining during nice weather, but the indoor dining room is very small, and this is a popular place, so it's a good idea to make a reservation. Ample parking in the surrounding neighborhood. And the 71A and B stop right outside the door.
4	Wow. This place has a lot of reviews!Anyways, we had dinner here. It was decent. The fried tofu app was a little bland.I had the cashew rice with tofu. They definitely give more tofu than other places around. Standard fare--nothing outstanding but nothing awful either.
3	I have to agree with Ran L. about the food here being just average for Thai.  I stopped by with a friend on Sat. evening to get take-out.  I ordered the pad see ew with shrimp (spice level: 4), and she ordered the ginger chicken (spice level: 3).  I'm not sure if they accidentally transposed the spice levels, but her food was so spicy it was inedible to both of us.  My food, on the other hand, had about the amount of spice that I like.In addition to the shrimp, my pad see ew came with what appeared to be small pieces of chicken.  I was a bit surprised by the paucity of shrimp--but then again, I'm not super-familiar with this dish, so they could just be an add-on.  The flavor was okay, but didn't wow me.  The vegetables were well-cooked and not limp, which was nice.  The two dishes came with a side of rice, though it was unclear which dish it went with, which we ended up splitting.  Because of the inedibility of the ginger chicken, my friend and I ended up splitting the pad see ew--fortunately, there was enough to do that.I should mention that my friend, who lives in Morningside, is a frequent customer of SBL, and has ordered the ginger chicken (in addition to other dishes) many times before.  As such, she was surprised at the inconsistency in the spice.  One level up shouldn't have been that much hotter!I tried the ginger chicken and didn't care for the dish's flavor, so when my friend offered the rest of it to me, I declined.  I did take the rest of the pad see ew and finished it tonight, but was debating not doing so.  Ultimately, a combination of hunger and being out late got the best of me, though.  With so many other great Thai options in PGH, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, based on my experience and the extremely small seating area (it really is tiny!).
4	Really good Thai iced tea!! ...heads up, if you ask for a level 3 spice it's still going to be pretty darn spicy
4	Tiny neighborhood place with great food. Menu is not particularly large, but the food is very good. Portions are a bit on the small side, but perhaps it seems so because everything is so tasty.Staff is great.
5	Wow. This was my first time trying this place after being in Pittsburgh for over nine years. Don't let that happen to you. The curry noodle dishes and soups were amazing. The prices, very reasonable. The atmosphere was very casual yet sort of romantic. I'll definitely be returning.
4	Since moving to Pittsburgh, I have heard that this was THE place to come for Thai food.  It is out of the way so it took until yesterday to finally try it after a visit to the zoo.Thankfully we were early enough that there was no wait because the dining room is so tiny.  I think there may have been about five or six tables total.  Where we were seated was bench seating on one side and metal chairs on the other.  They each had cushions but weren't exactly comfortable.  The server seemed a bit frazzled which didn't make sense because there was only on other table that was occupied.  When we had questions on the menu, they weren't sure and had to keep coming back with the information.  That being said, they were willing to get the information and not be rude about it or write our questions off.We started with a Thom Kha soup and peanut satay.  The soup was a hit.  A perfect blend of sweet coconut and spice.  It was LOADED with vegetables.  Almost too many for the fairly small bowl.  Friends wanted to order the fresh roll of the day but apparently they hadn't made them yet (even though it was after 5:00).My husband ordered the pad kee mao and although he enjoyed it, said he has had much better elsewhere.  He had asked for a spice level of 9 and it was more like a 4 or a 5 which was disappointing to him.  I ordered the mango curry with tofu with a spice level of 5.  We wonder if they accidently switched the spice levels of our dishes because it had a crazy kick.  It was extremely tasty, though.Our friends ordered entrees with brown rice and both came out with white rice.  When more rice was brought out, even though they both ordered the same rice, it was different.  Not sure why, but they both enjoyed it.Overall, I really enjoyed my dining experience here and would be back more often if it was closer to the areas that we tend to frequent.
4	What a find! I came here with friends for a late lunch and we were all blown away! The service was friendly and the food was amazing. Sadly the curries were non-vegetarian(curry usually has fish sauce or shrimp paste etc) but they even had a pumpkin curry which I would have loved to try! I ended up getting a spicy eggplant dish that was delicious. I can't wait to go back and take my husband. If you like Thai food this is probably the best in Pittsburgh. Also, the Thai iced tea is to die for.
3	This is a sweet little restaurant.  Very homey, quick service, good food.  Their menu is pretty standard as far as Thai food goes.  They have really fresh tasting veggies.  Part way through my meal I started feeling funky and asked if they use MSG.  They do.  It makes me feel off and of course I should have thought to ask when ordering but forgot to.  Why do places have to load their food with it?The space is tiny.  And, some of the tables have wood benches to sit on that look particularly uncomfortable.  This does not seem like the kind of place where you want to linger with friends but more so a good take out option or a quicker lunch or dinner.  This place is not bad, but I will stick with Thai Cuisine where they don't use MSG and the food is great.
2	i've eaten here a million times because it's a few blocks from my house and the quality keeps going down. I don't like writing negative reviews, but honestly, we are disappointed every single time that we've been in the past two years. the veggies are not fresh, most of them are even canned. The noodles taste like canned mushrooms and rice wine vinegar. Our new place to go is noodlehead. it's fresher, faster and delicious.
4	Wow. Some of the best Thai food we have ever had. Crisp Duck salad, tom Yum soup, Wild Curry Shrimp, Sweet rice with custard. All fabulous!
