4	After waiting over a year for this "coming soon" supermarket to open it has finally opened.  I decided to pay them a visit and for the most part liked what I saw:large clean store, nice produce, reasonable prices, good promotions.  Lots of Korean ingredients that I am not familiar with (will try to arrange a walking tour with one of the Korean culinary student at the school to get better acquainted with store and products).On my third visit (during lunchtime) I stopped by to get some red cabbage (only found organic ones, but it was only priced at $0.49/lb), but ended up swing by their "deli" in the back.  The ladies were making kimchi stew, pan frying other items and making Korean-style sushi rolls ($4.99/pkg).  The Mung Bean Pancake ($2.99/lb) that was on the griddle smelled really good, so I decided to wander around the store until they were cooked and packaged for sale.  In the end I also  picked up their Stir fried Vermicelli (Japchae $2.99/lb) to take home for lunch.The Mung Bean Pancake definitely smelled better than it tasted. It was thicker than iHop pancakes, more greasy, and have very little vegetables and other ingredients besides the batter.  (Will not buy it again).The Japchae was okay and could use more seasoning (soy sauce, garlic, a little sugar and sesame oil).  This one is made with some spinach, sesame seeds, shredded carrots and onions. Overall, nothing to complain about for the price, but hopefully they will improve their recipe and make it taste better in the future.What I thought is missing from the "deli" are prepared Korean BBQ items with rice or Bibimbop. But it may be intentionally left off the menu, since they have also built out storefronts for the food court (currently empty).  Anyway, I hope they continue to keep up the appearance of the store, maintain the quality of the products/produce/meats and offer competitively priced promotions to attract more customers, and I will be back again to shop soon.(Side note, it seems down the street on Spring Mountain there is also plans to open another Asian grocery store in the strip mall of Big Lots and Pho So 1.  Can't wait to check that one out when they officially open).
4	If I ever want kalbi or bulgogi to cook at home, this is THE ONLY market I'll buy it from.Greenland supermarket is a brand new Asian store located on Spring Mountain and Rainbow.  They are an excellent source for very fresh ingredients ranging from vegetables to meats.  They have the typical array of fish and seafood, but what I love is how fresh their meat and fruit selection is.  For some reason I can't find pork and steak as good as this market.  They also carry all my favorite snacks that I used to buy back home, and at reasonable prices.I come here for the real Fuji apples--the ones that are as big as a softball--and their ready to cook meats.  You can get a pound of bulgogi for 2.49 and cook it at home, saving yourself over 30 dollars if you went out to eat.  Their marination is excellent, and I bought the korean bbq plate and single burner to use on the dining table, but you can cook it in a frying pan if you want.  I just love the experience at home.Their food court is okay so far.  I love the bakery in the entryway because their cakes are the EXACT same cakes I found in Japan on my way here.  That was a nice find.  Also, their Island Cuisine food kiosk is good for bbq.  You have to try the bbq plate.Whether it's an odd Asian ingredient you need or some snacks, this is a great store to find all your Asian delights, and at great prices, too.
4	I love how clean and neat this place is. Very refreshing from some of the disappointing dirty Asian markets. Also, finally a korean market! I like korean food but basic cabbage kimchee isn't my thing and the only thing I can find in a usual Asian market. They have a good selection of made banchan in the back- pretty good and they always have radish kimchee which I prefer and dried spicy octopus. The marinated meats look good...will have to try them for a Korean BBQ at home.  Produce is pretty nice- specially the fruits are lovely. A lot of sauces/boxed foods are in korean so kinda frustrating if I need to find something specific (I couldnt figure out what to buy out of all the bean pastes) but could be fun too to make a guess at what snacks might be good. FIsh is good here. I have a problem with some of the fish being hit and miss at other spots but its fresh. Sushi grade fish here looks really good and the regular whole fish on ice is fresh. We got sea trout (packaged filet) and spanish mackerel (whole from the iced counter) and both look to be quality so will be back again for fish. Only downfall is sometimes I just want a filet and here they dont really have that except occasionally 1-2 types near the sushi cuts. Meh, maybe I'm just lazy on fileting, but it's hard without investing in another expensive fish knife.  Who filets their own fish nowadays? Definitely will try their food court soon.UPDATE: So the Spanish Mackerel was fresh and good. Had to filet it myself, but still. Happy it was really fresh. The Sea Trout on the other hand....must've been sitting out for a while. OMG it was so rotten smelling the cat for once was not meowing begging for a piece. It was turned in the saran wrapped package to show just the skin and the skin looked fine and healthy but sea trout doesnt really turn lackluster as much as other fish so its hard to tell its freshness by just that. I trusted it as all the other fish was very fresh. I threw it away and when my BF came home I greeted him at the garage and mentioned it smells really fishy....the kitchen is on the other side of the house. Kinda a downer...I guess I'll caution on the filets.  The Sea Trout was only $4 so it wasn't a big loss. I'm just gonna get whole fish as I can inspect those and their quality on that is better than the other Asian marts.
5	Bring out the inner Korean in you. I paid a visit to Greenland because I was fed up with how stuffy the Ranch 99 store was becoming. Ranch 99 went through a renovation, but it seems that it got smaller. ANYWAY...The moment I wanted into Greenland, I texted my Korean bestie and bragged about how awesome this store really is. It's great.Awesome produce section, awesome seafood (only downside is no live crab, shrimp, or fish), and amazing freezer sections. The pricing on shrimp was amazing too!! And high quality to boot. I know because I'm a food snob.As you walk past the seafood section, you'll go through the meats and eventually into the prepared foods section. If you came to this store stuffed, you'll leave starving if you don't eat. It's THAT good. Delish kim-chi, pickled garlic and anything else that is on your K-Palate. Om nom nom.Lastly, the customer service is quite good. Although the number of checkstands is low, they are efficient, and you don't have to wait long. Also, you can listen to killer K-pop while you wait. Get ready to hear the awesome tunes of Big Bang.
4	I was making my way to the other Asian Markets in Chinatown when I came across this place..I fell in love instantly. They weren't busy when I first went there around 9pm. I really like that they close at midnight everyday. I tend to do most of my shopping at night when places aren't so busy.Besides being a market, they have a mini food court, a little side that sells baked goods, and little stores varying from beauty products to clothing.The first thing I noticed when I walked in was how bright and clean it was. All the fruits and vegetables looked fresh. As with places that have seafood, there was a fishy smell, but not as bad as other places tend to be.The meat looks really good and on my second trip there I had gotten some marinated short ribs and they were to die for. I'm not sure what prices should be for that kind of thing, but it wasn't bad at all. The gentleman that got the meat for me weighed it then added a little bit more for free. They have a ton of side dishes to go with your meal that are made fresh available there too. During the afternoon they tend to have free samples of food like curry and iced coffee.They also have some frozen Hawaiian food! I forgot about that. The prices are a lot cheaper that what I used to pay so I'm definitely stopping there more often. In fact, a lot of things in there were a lot cheaper than the bigger stores here.I highly recommend this place. I don't know much about Korean food and ingredients, but I'm definitely willing to learn thanks to this market!
5	Love korean or japanese food? This is THE place to get it! From fresh uni to tako yaki, jajangmyun to bulgogi, they've got a huge assortment of goodies to choose from! The meat selection is my favorite- last time I went I bought $50 worth of galbi, bulgogi, thinly sliced beef tongue, duck breast, ground meats, pork belly, beef slices for sukiyaki... plus an army of sauces [gochujang, bean paste, fish sauce, ponzu, salad dressings, etc] in all the sizes you could possibly need. There are huge bags of mineral salts, a well supplied produce section, a large refrigerated section with rows of noodles, natto, a huge frozen area with meats & dumplings, etc. I haven't tried the food court yet, but I might next time because the photos look yummy! There are open mini-store areas near the front that are mostly unoccupied, but I'm hoping they'll fill in soon because it has a lot of potential. It's pretty far from my side of town, but it's worth making the trek to stock up on awesome foods that are hard to find. I haven't seen skate or fresh uni anywhere else, and the marinated bulgogi is delicious! If you spend over a certain amount, they offer you a bag of rice for $.99. I'll be going back after my next payday! :}
5	These are of the foodcourt booths. See my previous review for the actual markets review. *****Island StyleI went to the Island Style booth, same owners as the Island Style that is on Sahara and Valley view. I had #2 Bibimdaemyeun- cold buckwheat noodles in a spicy sauce with sliced pickled radishes and cucumber, brisket and a hardboiled egg. they have me two banchan of cabbage and a radish kimchee and a bowl of broth, seaweed I think. All that and a Hawaiian Sun Lillikoi can for $10. It was delicious- this is one of my favorite Korean dishes specially on a hot day. Actually cools you down quite a bit while heating you up with the chili! Chewy buckwheat and crisp veggies is such a great texture combo too. Island flavor also gives you complimentary, serve yourself barley tea and water. It's great for when I eat spicy- I'm drinking up cups in a single gulp! Will be eating at this food court quite often since I work close by now. Other than Island Flavor there is a Noodle Village, Chapaghetti, namyriang. 3 more booths are coming soon. The court also has L'Epidor Bakery, a cellphone place, a clothing store and a Korean cosmetics place.*****Mr. Colorfood 6/25I tried another booth, the most recently opened Mr. Colorfood. Got to-go order of "Happy Pig Pork and Squid" which comes in a spicy sauce and they gave me a side order of a miso soup, spicy pickled radish and sweet vinegar pickled radish and cucumbers for $10.50. It was a bit disappointing....usually this dish comes in a thick spicy paste and this was more watery. It also had this herb that is okay in some dishes, but I don't know if I like it in this and the squid had an odd texture...it was soft in a way that the outside of it was brittle/mushy that I can't really describe. I dunno, but I'm not sure about this booth....3 stars for that.*****Island Style 7/1 Got beef bimbimbap from Island Style....yummy and generously sized! Lots and Lots of veggies (garlic spinach!, carrots), pickles (radish) and banchan (kimchee and radish on the side). I could not finish so I saved the rest for later. Still my favorite booth- 5 stars*****Chapaghetti 7/16I got jajangmyun which is black bean paste noodles. It has in it egg noodles, zucchini, cabbage, potato, onion and diced pork. It was pretty good, the sauce was savory (some places make it too sweet). There was mostly onions, with a little more meat/veggie and a thicker sauce it would be absolutely perfect. 4 stars.****Island Style 8/11Got their meat jun- pretty decent! Comes with cabbage kimchee and macaroni salad. I like this place a lot.***L'Epidor Bakery 8/24Got honey layer cake- was pretty good. I would need to try more...I noticed their bags were Providence Bakery bags....so even though they're sort've different I assume this, Crown and Providence are related somehow. Will confirm this bit of info soon. 4 starsUPDATE 8/25- SO we tried to finish the Honey layer cake today and found EGGSHELL in it. WTF?! This also happened at Crown which we wonder if they are affiliated then it's the same person baking eggshells into the cake?!! Lets put that it's 3 stars since now I'm cautious even though it was a good cake.****Island Style 8/25Got Chicken Teriyaki to go. Nice flavors, good char, but needed a sauce. I dont know if it usually has one and they forgot to include a cup of it One thing that was off though was the macaroni- it was frozen and the parts that  were not was a yucky texture since it defrosted. 3 stars. ***Noodle Village 9/7Got the "spicy noodles with vegetable". It is very like my favorite Bibimdaemyeun but the noodles are thicker (spaghetti width) and has sliced cucumbers, cabbage, carrots, and half a hardboiled egg. They give you some daan moo ji/ sweetyellow pickled radish on the side. 4 stars. Just a note- Mr. Colorfood and Namyriang are now CLOSED. Tiffany Coffee will have a frozen yogurt booth coming soon.***I Love Oishi 10/6This is the newest booth  in the food court.I got their Korean Style Jirashi bowl to go. It has mixed diced fish (tuna, salmon, and snapper it looked like), some masago roe, mixed greens, rice and spicy bean paste. They also give you miso soup with it. This was a lot better than the premade ones in the greenland deli since it's fresh made. The fish and greens were all fresh and for $7.99 it was a good portion of food. 4 stars.Just a note- Mr. Colorfoods old booth has a sign for "School Food" coming soon....what an odd name! Curious to see what the food is like.***I Love Oishi 10/26Sushi and Sashimi Bento $9.99 It had salmon sashimi, 4pc nigiri (shrimp. tuna, white fish, salmon) , grilled salmon collar, salad, potato crochette and miso soup. It's a good light lunch. The salmon was very fresh but the other sushi is just ok. The grilled collar was great. I rather have rice than the crochette though. 3 stars. I still think the Korean Jirashi is the dish to get here.***
5	I just love Greenland! I happily drive across town anytime I want to get reasonably priced fresh vegetables. (usually once a week!) Especially if I need, green onions (5 bunches/$1), napa cabbage, onions, or an assortment of mushrooms (enoki, beach, shiitake). They have a great seafood section. I always get a little slab of salmon to eat salmon sashimi! It is always fresh! They also have a small selection of already made foods such as an assortment of kimchees, kimbab, vegetable pancakes. My favorite is the seasoned raw crab! They also have pre-packaged raw meats/seafood with vegetables to make hot pot, I'm assuming?They have a food court in the front area. I've never tried any of the places (I usually buy already made foods from inside usually) But it looks like there are a lot of choices from a few vendors. They have a small little bakery in the front as well. They have freshly made breads, cookies, manjoo, breads filled custard and much more. Greenland is my favorite and its not the closest asian market near me, but I drive there cause its THAT AWESOME. lol. I haven't been to International Market Place or Ranch 99 in ages!
4	I went in for my usual weekly shopping trip. Marinated Bulgogi, various banchans and some cooking essentials like sesame oil. As always, I'm pleased with the selection they have. I was a little disappointed that they were out of the boxes of original Sapporo Ichiban noodles but no biggie.
5	I LOVE Greenland! This is my weekly grocery store, and where I do most of my shopping at. You can get good quality seafood here, there is a meat section that is already marinated, kimchi and side dish station plus daily made kimbap, battered and pan fried veggies, grilled fish, etc. The produce area is far beyond impressive. You can buy apples and Korean Pears by the box, bagged veggies at a good price, and for the people who don't like to deal with the hassle of peeling Garlic, they have bags of peeled garlic ready to buy. You can also find a little Hawaii food section isle over there also...something that used to be at Longs Drugs before they were taken over by CVS. They have an area in there that has fresh noodles (Udon, wheat flour, chow mein, etc.), that beats buying the dehydrated noodles. They even sell rice cakes there, so I like to make Dukbokki :)My favorite part of this store is the household section. We bought one of those portable stoves that you can put in the middle of the table, so we can use it at home ;) I also love their plastic storage containers, they are sturdy and airtight so when I store the Kim chi in there, it wont smell up the refrigerator.
5	Sitting at the house on a Sunday afternoon with some of my other sushi loving friends and the plan was to BBQ some steaks that night and have a few drinks... Somewhere in this mix the idea of going to sushi came up, and then somewhere in that mix the idea of me just making sushi came up. Okay, so now that the dinner plans had officially been established I had to run to the store to get the things I was missing. Yes smiths and albertsons are right by my house but I have heard great things about the selection here but again it is just sooooo far from my house. 10 or so minutes later I was in the car on my way to Greenland Supermarket. This was in no way a mistake... what a selection, and the fresh fish market is amazing. They had everything I needed and much much more. I have always wanted to have a market I can go to and get Sashimi grade fish and it is finally possible.
5	Seriously, Greenland, SERIOUSLY! This has by far kicked the sh!t out of any Asian grocery market in the Las Vegas Valley and surrounding cities. The cleanest supermarket as far as Asian ones go. And we all know how it usually is (example: 99 Ranch). They have a whole food court to the right as you walk in, and a bakery on the left. It is still a fairly new complex so a lot of the "office space" hasn't been occupied yet! I am excited to see what else comes in. Anywhoooooo, I could have sworn I went here at least 3 times in the week that I first found out about this place!! What makes this place even better is the fact that they have cute Korean ladies making samples of the different food every single time I go! They've got some personality and are very funny too! ("You don't need to read what it is! Just try it!" or "Hungry time! Come on!") Now the banchan has got to be some of the best selection! I LOVE THE ROASTED FISHCAKE! AHHH, and the bean sprouts! and the pickled daikon! and the different selections of kimchi! Even ready to take kimbap! WOW... just WOW! The pre-packaged bulgogi is YUMMY! And, if you get the bulgogi in the case, they weigh the meat first, price that, and then ask if you want more sauce! SCORE! I frequent this section of the store the most! Not to mention i just love  the non-stop yummy smells coming from behind the banchan display. They even have other things besides food, like teapots, plates, fans... a bunch of random home goods and personal care items on the left side of the store. I thought about the hair dye... haha, but that will need to come with a translator! I did buy a cute little teapot for under $10 though. I'm also happy that the people at the check-out counter are friendly! And the prices are very reasonable too! Especially for a lot of the snacks!Even though it's a little further down the way for me, I'd still make the drive to this place! PLUS, they're open until midnight! YAY.
5	I love love love this market!  It's so clean and well lit, with beautiful vegetable, meat and seafood sections, great prices and it's open till midnight every day, which is good for a vampire schedule person like me.  :)  I've also bought several of their prepared foods like various banchan, chicken wings, pancakes and my family has loved all of it.  Especially convenient are the bibimbap pre-cooked set of vegetables and meat - all you have to do is add that to your sizzling rice.  Very nice for tired evenings when you still want something yummy.There are also several excellent Korean fast food outlets in the lobby of the market.  So come a little hungry when you shop here - work up that appetite while browsing all the delicious things on offer and then get yourself an awesome treat!
5	Dun Dun DunDunnnn!!!  Time for Juany B's 2nd review!!!...of one of my FAVORITE places!!!Greenland is this half-Koreans dream come true!  This is where I go to get my Seoul Food on!!!...LOL...I used to always rely on Vietnamese markets to find my Asian supplies...until a friend told me about here...  Seriously kick @ss!!!So your thinking Greenland, that doesn't sound Korean...well once u walk into the place you'll think differently!  There's a food court with yummy smells coming from each one!  Some of the signs r written in Korean but the folks there r always smiling n willing to help (I've been to 2 and there's like 8-ish different ones...). There's also a couple different shops...I just remember a hair product one and a coffee one I think, but the Bakery stand!!!  Ohhh this lady knws me cuz I ALWAYS stop for something!!!  Lil pastries for like a buck25 each or so...(hint hint--there's a lil tag on the back telling u what each one is, LOL...)Ok, onto the shopping!!!  Always fresh produce!!!  Great prices, and some hard to find items too...the back does have a fish dept...a little bit of a fish smell in that corner (it really is minimal!), but not NEARLY as bad as some places I've been to...if your looking for fish it's always fresh w/ good selection, they also have a small fridge area w/ a sashimi selection too!The high point in my book is the back section where they have marinated selection of meats!!!  Kalbi!  Bulgogi!  Spicy chicken!  I love the boneless rib meat the best!!!  Also they weigh the meat, make the price sticker, and then add the extra juice...Brilliant!!!  Also have a meat fridge selection of Shabu!!!  Tons of different kinda, in different thicknesses...Further down the line they have more made goodies, like rice cakes, Dop-po-ki!!!, Kim-bap...For those familiar w/ Korean food you have to have all your little side dishes right?!  Well they have a slew of them in little plastic bins ready for consumption...nom nom nommmm!   =)Yummy yummy all up in my tummy!Of course they also have rows and rows of your staples like rice, sauces, ramen, etc etc...additionally also items like porcelain dishes, knives, serving dishes n all...best part you can tell this place is new and well kept CLEAN!!!  It's not crowded like 99market or some of the older ones...not doggin them but u feel claustrophobic n nasty coming out of some other places, not here!!!Since finding this plce I seriously do like 85% of my shopping here...and if your one of those odd hours working guys/gals...they're open from 9 to midnight!!!  Corner of SpringMtn and Rainbow...enjoy some good shopping/eating!      =)
3	(For food court review see previous review...I reviewed each food booth!) Last week I dropped into the Greenland to hit up the deli for a easy meal. I came home with the broiled fishcakes in sweet sauce with bellpepper and onions, steamed dumpling stuffed with pork and clear noodles, spicy radish kimchee, and top chuck marinated bulgogi. I thew on some rice and cooked a bit of the bulgogi and had a little sampler feast at home. I did not eat anything else that day aside from tea in the morning. I was hella sick by the night and spent my night throwing up. I am skipping the hot deli in the back and sticking with the cold veggie items and foodcourt. I'm also kinda afraid to touch the rest of the bulgogi I got. It looked like fresh meat, but I just don't want to risk it. I bought a few packages to experiment with it into different fusion taco styles so a lot is going in the trash. It sucks because I love this place and use the deli often....then I got food poisoning. Still, I will shop there. I was there today shopping for OTHER goodies. It's just it'll be no more than A-OK since a bulk of what I buy is now on my caution list.
5	Champaghetti This is a little Korean food stand in the far corner of the Greenland food court.  While there are lots and lots of Korean restaurants in town, I haven't found many that serve Champong.Champong is a Chinese-Korean noodle dish made with a red, spicy Beef broth. It is noodle based, and filled with seafood and vegetables. (See pic #45).Champaghetti's version offers large portions, and great flavor, with a decent amount of spice.  Takuan, Kim chee and raw onions are also served as sides.  The broth is very red, so dress accordingly-- no white shirts!  Also, get a few extra napkins, this stuff will make you sweat! Great all year round, but a must for the rainy weather season.
5	You name it, they slice it! Talk about do it yourself teppanyaki heaven. Greenland is my go-to place for hosting a dinner party. The sliced meat section is to die for. They even have wagyu beef ready for the grill (It's a smoking $25.00 a pound and it's worth every penny). Sliced rib-eye, sirloin, beef belly, sirloin OH MY!Set up a griddle in the middle of your dining table, add some veggies, rice papers and dipping sauce and you've got yourself a party that goes all night long.
5	This place is awesome. It's a Korean supermarket with authentic Korean food and groceries. It's a grocery store/bakery/food court all in one! The food court is small, but the food has HUGE flavors. They serve your typical Korean favorites and even if you don't know what everything is, just point to whatever on the menu and it's bound to be good. Also, they have HUGE portions, so make sure you bring a buddy to share. The grocery store has a very extensive selection. The produce looked really fresh and their marinated meats are AWESOME. They have pork, beef, chicken, and lamb all pre-marinated that you can buy by the pound and it's SO TASTY. I would go out of my way to come here and get my groceries.
5	This is about as good as it gets for Korean supermarkets. They serve a wide variety of fresh and packaged foods, as well as prepared foods. There is also a small food court outside and a small bakery stand as well. The prices are fair and the food seems very fresh. They are pretty busy so I imagine turnover of their inventory is pretty good. A great find!
3	Not too bad a place to buy food - vegetables arent always the freshest so it's hit-or-miss.  The food court is a decent place with few, but good places to choose from.  Good place to go if you have small kids too as its open and relatively clean.
5	This place is the ultimate ASIAN KINGDOM!  You get an ultimate shopping experience with samples and music.  Now how cool is that?  I really, really, REALLY LOVE how this place gives you pre-marinated meat.  I love to shop for all my Korean food addictions here, and I get it all in one sweep.  Kal-bi, bugolgi, kimchi, and pork belly! All crossed out in one area.  I also love their various choice of ramen, I could stand in the aisle for hours reading every single one and putting them into my cart.  And get this, THEY EVEN HAVE MY CHILDHOOD DRINK! Milkis = YUMMMMMMM!
5	This place is clean and doesn't smell. Aisles all neatly lined up and products are all nice and fresh looking (in terms they don't look like they been sitting on the shelf for a while)Okay that gets it 3 starsIt's Korean supermarket with a food court that has good food okay 1 starThe items in the supermarket is diverse and pretty much 90% Korean products and the rest is Japanese/other ethnic products. The items they sell are legit and the seafood/meat section is diverse. OH AND THE PRICES, I love how their cheaper then white grocery stores and better too. Tried buying chicken breasts at Vons it was like $5+ while here it was like $3+. amazing (GAZILLION STARS FOR THAT)
4	Greenland Supermarket is a welcome addition to all the other Asian supermarkets in Las Vegas.  A little healthy competition is always good!  However, this market does specialize in more Korean goods than anything else.Since it's a newer supermarket, it's very clean and quite large.  They also have quite a few promotions going on and the Husband loves to stock up when they have their mushroom sales.We've been known to hit up their sliced fish section and have our own little sushi meal.  They also have a lot of pre-cut up items ready for your own hot pot / grill meal at home - so many variations of marinated meats!  That's definitely useful and something we'd love to take advantage of in the near future.  (We've already witnessed My T.'s use of their sliced meat section and can attest that it's great!)  Their selection of ramen is worth taking a look at too - Koreans love their ramen and you can probably go for weeks and have a different kind each night!And if you're hungry before, during or after your shopping trip, there are a bunch of little restaurants in their food court.  Those little shops have gotten some decent ratings although we have yet to try any ourselves.
4	Growing up, the Greenland Supermarket was a Lucky's, and little bit later an Albertson's. However, just like everything else on Spring Mountain between Rainbow and Decatur I barely recognize it anymore. Chinatown is getting quite epic. This is a review of the food court:In the Greenland Supermarket food court there's a Hawaiian place, a Sushi place, two Korean booths, a Tofu "casserole" place (which I don't think I'll ever try, it sounds kind of disgusting) and a coffee shop which serves Boba but seems to be out of it a lot. I really wish the Hawaiian place served lumpia and Portuguese donuts but I digress, the spam musubi was quite delish. The sushi place is pretty cheap, for $1.99 they will give you two nigiri, which is about ten nigiri for $10. I also tried Korean food for the very first time when I came to this place, just for the hell of it. I had a kim-chee and meat stuffed bun, which will have to grow on me sadly. It tastes very good at first but the aftertaste is pretty odd. In conclusion, I had a pretty good experience here. I wish they had a little more variety (such as a Vietnamese booth or more offerings at the Hawaiian booth) but I will definitely return.
5	I gave this place a 5 star rating. Nothing more needs to be said.
4	I don't think I've ever seen a Korean Supermarket of this magnitude -cough maybe i'm just uncultured and need to explore more- but there's fresh Korean sides in the back near the meat and the typical asian-market items. There's also some guy-hair dye and gatsby near the bath & kitchen area. There's also some coal-soap that my friend got to have her family try. She checked it online and it's supposed to be good.I needed toothpaste and got some pinesalt toothpaste to spice life up a little and try it out. It's really kewl and feels good lol. The toothpaste feels more gel-like when you squeeze it out of the bottle than other kinds.There's also a food court, baked goods in the front (at least when I was there), and a little store with some clothes that's worth a look.
5	Well lit, clean, courteous help, great looking produce, organized, well maintained, and the marinated bulgogi and sides taste great.  Will be returning soon!
3	I was actually astonished to see all the rave reviews for this place. Of course I ordered the jjambbong and I give it 3 out of 5 stars because the flavor just isn't there and the ingredients aren't of the best quality; yet it costs just as much as a bowl of jjambbong in some of the amazing Chinese Korean restaurants in Los Angeles. My sister was not impressed with the jjajangmyun. The noodles seem super cheap and the flavor of the sauce isn't the best. The meat dishes are over-fried (tang-soo-yook and kam-pung-gi sp?) and not as tender as they should be. The prices SEEM great, but in reality, it's a little steep for the quality.... I think $1-2 off each menu item would be more appropriate.  I don't want to discourage people from eating here though, because it is a quick and convenient place to eat for lunch. The cafeteria-style atmosphere keeps it casual and comfortable, plus the food comes out quickly. I also like the fact that you can eat before or after shopping for groceries in the same buliding. I will have to try other dishes next time to get a better judgement, but from what I saw so far, it's a fast and convenient place to eat but do not expect to be amazed.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Katrina M. took me here after I was getting homesick. I have been back almost every week if only to walk around and read the Korean. I love supermarkets. Maybe it is the fact that we all need food to survive and food has always been a source of comfort. Walking around a supermarket in any country I visit is almost as important as seeing a landmark. It speaks more about the people of that area than any other culture center.The pre-made food section offers a wide selection of banchan (Korean side dishes). I haven't tried any yet, because I am still in the stage of wanting to make my own. I have 8lb. of kimchi sitting in my fridge as proof. Thank you Greenland for stocking all the essential ingredients. ^_^v I have bought their bulgogi since my friends were too impatient to wait for me to marinate my own. I liked it, I would only add some onions, enoki mushrooms, and green onions to give it a little contrast to the sweetness of the sauce. The japchae (sesame clear sweet potato noodles with vegetables) was also decent. A little sweeter than I am used to, but it is decent if you add some black pepper and slices of green chili peppers.
4	Since my last review, I have discovered that after 8pm some of the items sold at the "deli" are half off. The only one that interests me with this deal is their laver rolls or what I think of as Korean California Rolls.They also have a members reward card system that offers % back.And the produce sections and the pre-marinated meat sections still offer great products at a reasonable price.Plus if you can't wait to go home with your groceries, you can always grab a bite to eat from one of the food court vendors.
4	I went to Greenland Supermarket a couple of weeks ago with my friend. She was nice enough to walk down each isle with me and give me a tour on what everything is. I grew up going to Asian markets but this was my first time in a Korean market. She was also there to point me in the right direction to this fabulous Chili paste that I love...move over Sriracha! We first started in the far left side of the store where they have everything from hair dye to kitchen knick knacks. I love their little Sake sets and they even have waffle makers that will put hearts on your waffles. I fought off urges to get cute stuff and bought some practical cleaning supplies. One of my favorites worth mentioning was this dish rag that had all these holes in it. If you can imagine Madonna back in the day in her Lucky Star video with her black mesh blouse. It kind of looked like that but it was thicker and pink. The holes help all the dirty dish water to escape and because the material is hard it's easy getting off caked on food off your plates. It works like a dream! They have pre marinated Kalbi it's a great quick fix if you are entertaining or need a Kalbi stash in your freezer. Greenland has a decent seafood area it's not the biggest I've seen but I if they sell Dungeoness crab at a good rate then I don't mind. I didn't have a chance to check though. Greenland also has the biggest selection I've ever seen of soy sauce, and sesame oil. I never knew there were that many. I of course picked up that chili paste which is yummy! This supermarket  has a vast selection of exotic vegetables and fruits to choose from. I saw that they sold Lotus Root ...I've never tasted it but would love to try it. All this talk of food reminds me of their great food court filled with deliciousness. The food court alone is worth making a trip down here!
5	I loved organic mangos and papayas from here... Everything is affordable and fresh, and stuff are kind and helpful. I live in Henderson, so it's not the closest, but I'll definitely come back.
3	I don't know too much about the actual supermarket. I finally visited GS for the first time last night to pick up some cheap soju. Other than that, I can certainly echo other reviewers observations; this is the cleanest Asian grocery store I've ever seen.I came back tonight to check out the oft talked about food court. For some reason, I had the impression that it offered cheap eats. The prices are higher than I expected. Since I recently discovered Sundubu at Mr Tofu, I figured I needed to try it here so that I could have a point of reference. It was also $8 for Beef Sundubu. The bottom line? There's a reason why people love Mr Tofu. Everything about the stew is just better there.Still, the Sundubu at the GS food court is pretty good. I like the fact that they give you a raw egg to crack into your stew. At Mr Tofu, I think it's already in there. Of course, it also comes with rice and Kimchi. I was surprised to see a small fried fish come as part of the Banchan. Not sure what kind of fish, but it was pretty good.With respect to the food court, I enjoyed the food, but I really don't need to return. But of course, this is a supermarket we're talking about here. The actual supermarket seems pretty nice. Overall, they get an A-OK from me.
4	Love it. Beef bulgogi is awesome. Apples the size of new hampshire. Cheap fish. Got to love it.
5	I was quite impressed with the cleanliness of the supermarket. I've been to others and was put off by the cloying fishy smell and general dinginess of other places. OK, the fish section may have a little smell but it's only confined to that area. For all you 9th Islanders there is an aisle containing all kinds of products normally only available in Hawaii. And an aisle for Mexican and Latin American products. I don't speak nor read Korean, but all the products are clearly labeled on the shelves in English.Outside the supermarket is a food court and mini-mall, so you could do all your shopping there and grab a bite as well. I highly recommend a visit if you need Asian or Korean specialties for your next home-cooked meal!
4	The baby and I decided to take a peek at this Korean market.  Everyone was very friendly and the store was nice and clean.  I felt strangely comfortable in the store, making sure to check out everything they had in there.  Ever since we (me + hubby) were stationed in Korea back in the day, I've been looking for those little bottles that had the magic hangover potion, Bacchus-D.  FOUND IT!  Had no idea what it was called, but recognized the bottle and the box.  It was also on sale, yay for paying less money for things that I would have payed full price for!  We also picked-up some OB & Hi-Lite, for memory sake.  The hubby much appreciated it.So the baby fell asleep while her mommy was wondering the aisles, so I stopped by their food court.  There were many places to choose from, but I decided to grab something from the one non-Korean place, I Love Oshi.  I picked up their udon special with a spicy ahi tuna roll.  Not too bad, but I did love the nice and runny poached egg in my soup.We will be back and maybe, if he behaves, we'll bring the hubby/daddy along too!
5	I agree. Going down to the food court alone is worth the trip. Well everything there is really good,but that's my opinion. All the restaurants there are all the best! If it's your first time going here either go shop than eat or eat than shop. Whichever choice you pick, you still get to leave with a happy stomach!
4	I have been driving past Greenland Supermarket during all those months (years) that it was being renovated from the previous occupant and was always going to stop after it really opened.  Today I took the time to stop and I did a lot of looking.Now I know where to go for fresh or frozen fish whether common or exotic.  The marinated meats looked great.  There were so many varieties of kimchi I'm going to need help from some fellow Yelpers before I buy.The whole place was really well stocked with Asian foods of all kinds.  I really enjoyed the stop.
4	Im putting 4 stars here because I haven't bought anything from Greenland as yet, but I will be. I am so happy we found this place today and I wish I had checked in when we were there but I just wanted to mention that this is one of the more organized Asian markets I have been to and this one has the exact brand of seastix I NEED (It totally matters I Swear) to make the spicy crab I so love for my sushi rolls at home. I have been looking all over Vegas since we got here Easter wknd and were starting to think I was going to be making monthly trips to San Diego to get what I need from there. Thank you Greenland. Now just don't disappointment and stop stocking this (lol) Wanted to mention that they have a large selection of fresh rolled sushi as well as a counter to order from in the back with food, as well as the food court in the front.
4	There's a big Korean shopping center here - they even have a post office in it.  Greenland is the flagship store.  It's a large one and has a huge variety of Korean foods,  including some I haven't seen elsewhere.  Prices do seem to be a bit on the high side; both compared to Korean places in California and Oregon, and, for produce, compared to SF Market down the street a ways.  Still, its the place to shop in Las Vegas if you want to get Korean groceries.  There's a food court out in front of the supermarket.  I suspect i could have me a tasty lunch there. In the supermarket they have lots of types of banchan, a table of varieties of tteok. I wish they had Greenland where I live.
5	This review is on the market itself, not really the food court. I was first led here out of simple laziness. I was invited to a bbq and Hawaii style dictates try never to show up empty handed. Being too lazy to make something, I sought out the nearest Korean market since they almost always have marinated meats. So glad I was forced to come here! First off, the parking lot has slanted parking spots. As anyone who's been to Chinatown knows, Asians can't reverse for sh*t. Hey I'm not as bad as some, but sadly I'm included in that generalization. It's nice to shop w out worrying about some little old lady w a minivan backing I to your car.The store is very clean since it's still pretty new and hopefully will stay that way. They have a great selection of produce, but sadly the quality is lacking. I got super excited about a box of dinosaur egg pluots by the entrance, but every single one was overripe. The seafood section isn't as extensive as other Asian markets in town, and nothing live swimming in tanks. But that's usually in Chinese markets, not so much w Korean ones. On to my reason for being there - the meat dept! Large selection of cheap marinated meats and everything I've tried so far was great. Spicy pork isn't too fatty and has great flavor, although I don't consider it spicy at all. I usually add more garlic chili paste before cooking it. Bulgogi is pretty good, but may not be marinated long enough since flavor wasn't really set in. Same with kalbi ribs, which were also extremely fatty. Yes I know the cut is supposed to have marbling, but this was excessive. They also have ready to fry tonkatsu (pork cutlet) and chicken katsu. Katsu is simple to make, but creates such a mess I hate it. Awesome to have this option. They must season the meat because it has flavor even w out katsu sauce. Spicy chicken is just ok, teri chicken is flavorful and so juicy.Their regular meat section has cuts of varying quality including some beautiful and expensive kobe beef. Next to that is a small hot and cold prepared food section. The best thing there is the beef pancake. Its a beef patty w carrots and other veggies mixed in, dipped in egg and pan fried. Its like a patty version of meat jun. Whatever it is, just get it. FYI - the label simply said beef on mine. Greenland has the best selection of Korean snacks, nori, instant soups. It seems to be the only place that carries my fav potato noodle soup. Ladies at check out are quick and friendly, although they always talk to me in Korean. I respond by staring back blankly....  I've only tried the homemade fried mandoo at island style. Its just like my Korean aunty used to make, and love that I can also get Hawaiian sun juice w it.This market is pretty damn awesome, but I still prefer SF market (spring mtn/decatur) for my produce, seafood and spices since Greenland is solely Korean.
1	The Cashier Lady of "L'EPID'OR Bakery", is so TERRIBLE!! What is wrong with her? Probably she's never gotten customer service training. Of course no smile whenever I saw her, NEVER says "hello" nor "thank you".Yesterday (July 19th, around noon) was the worst. She was tapping her fingers so hard after the check out (when I was putting my change to my wallet). It was so ANNOYED!! I looked at her, she stopped tapping, but 2 seconds later, she started again. Then, I looked at her again, she stopped. Then I turned and leaving, she started tapping so hard again!! I don't have a chance to put my change to my wallet for a little moment?!? Or she was not happy because I asked her to give me a receipt? By the way, the store was so slow, no customers but me.My friends, who went to the bakery, hate her so bad, too. One of them has never go back to Greenland Supermarket because she doesn't want to see her face. Too bad the bakery is located at the entrance of the building.The Bakery Cashier Lady should know what is a customer service, she should not have a job at a check out counter.
4	well I guess this is one of the few asian super markets around in vegas, at least that I know of.  So gets an extra star just for that.  Otherwise its your run of the mill asian market with a food court.  I tried the jja jang myun here, it was ok,  and it wasn't like the cheapest price (but not sure where to get jja jang myun in vegas so I ended up here when I had my craving).  I'm sure I would have stumbled onto this place one way or another as it's on a busy street corner....but the first time I came here was when I used yelp to find a post office of all things!  haha  They have a small postal kiosk inside.  It was fun people watching as I ate my lunch....
5	Ahh Greenland is my new favorite market. So much goodness.  I spent almost an hour in the store looking around and bought nothing. I was just over whelmed with all the great selection they had and I'd probably leave with a least a couple wagons full easily.  Being late I didn't want to be a pain to anyone so I'll save it to next time.First thing, straight to the back where there was fresh blue crab still kicking, ahi trays and other fresh seafood, all the Korean marinated meats ready to just be cooked, Kalbi, bulgogi, spicy chicken,..., all kinds of Kimchi variations, bottles of soju for a round a buck, ton of frozen mandu dumplings and pastries, sushi, a Hawaiian aisle with all my favorite treats, the list goes on. I also like that it's closer to the west side of town so I don't have to rush to get home before my Asian ice cream and goods don't melt. Bring a cooler if you live on the other side of town.There's also a really good food court which I haven't tried yet because they were all closed when I was there @ 10pm. But from the menu and prices on the wall  I'll probably coming back for some quick bites.
4	Greenland Supermarket is really the only Korean market in Las Vegas that has legit fresh products. I was reading up on other peoples review for this place and the reason why my mom and I go shopping here every week is the variety and freshness of meats & fish they have here. GS reminds me of the Korean markets in LA and in Korea. They have a plethora of different types of rice cakes, fish cakes, meats, ramen, sauces, banchan, dry goods, snacks, etc. and this is the only Korean market where they actually pay attention to the expiration dates of the products! The meats are good quality and you will not regret purchasing any marinated meat and the pork belly. My favorite 'togo' meal they have is near the banchan isle and its an assortment of fish eggs bibimbap style. It has chunks of sashimi with lettuce, daikon, carrots, and hot pepper paste. Mmmm yummy! Before you enter the market they have a list of specials that you should take advantage of, especially the dumplings and cold buckwheat noodle soups. Last but not least, the GS foodcourt. My mom and I usually stop by Baek-ni-Han (corner store towards your right). The owner is a man with glasses and he makes everything from scratch. If you like soups and noodles, try getting the half seafood soup with cha-chang myeun. The bowl actually has a divider so you can have a bit of each. Spiciness of the seafood soup compliments so well with the soy-sauce/ heartiness of the black bean noodles. What a great day to end your shopping trip before you head home and a one stop shop for Korean cooking headquarters!
4	This Korean supermarket now has a steady following of Koreans and other patrons.  When it first opened it's door, business was slow and there wasn't as much selection of food products and produce items to choose from.  But now business has picked up significantly and their items are more expansive and fresh.  They have a deli section that serves package japchae, gimbap, sundae and other Korean delicacy items.  If you go at the right time, the food that is packed may be freshly made and still hot.  I will start coming here to get my japchae fix from now on. The food court outside the supermarket is equally as busy now.  This is my first time eating at this food court.  I was pleasantly surprised by the selection of food booths to choose from.  There were quite a few people in their food court area, so the food must not be bad.  For a food court, the menu items are a little bit on the expensive side, but you can expect Korean food to be more pricey.  I ordered the haejangguk from Mr. Color Food.  It basically is a vegetable soup made with Korean spices.  You also get a bowl of rice with the soup and a few pickles radishes.  For $7, it was quite a nice meal for lunch.  It was delish and a refreshing change from what I usually eat during lunch time at work.  I would go back and try their seafood soup next time.
4	If nothing else I like Greenland Market for their meat. I love shabu shabu. That being said, my favorite shabu shabu restaurant is all the way across town from where I live. I can make it at home, but slicing meat that thin is just not easy (and I'm lazy.) Enter Greenland market, which is up the street from where I work. No need to ask the butcher for special service, they have it already sliced up in nice neat little packages. And bulgogi, ah, already marinated and ready to pop on the grill plate. My mom was really happy with some of the fried fish selections. I really liked the well stocked Japanese curry and furikake aisle. Another big plus is the selection of Lock n Lock they had in the housewares section. I love making bento and have been looking for a local supplier of these containers. Also, I don't know if I just haven't been looking hard enough but they carry Aijinomoto potstickers in the big bags. I can usually only find these at Seafood City.
4	Green land is the best for their asian cuisine food court.  Great variety in foods.the only negative is that they don't slice their fresh meats thinly.... ;(
4	Premade Korean side dishes, premarinated Korean meats, authentic Korean food court, and a lot of other goodies.  Sure the fish section can be overpowering when walking into the market.  Actually, it's rather disturbing how smelly it is.But I still YELP this place! When you walk into the building to your right are the restaurants.  Starting directly next to the market entrance is a place not too many people are familiar with.  All I know is you've gotta get the pigs feet (which is sliced up for you), it comes with sesame leaves, lettuce, sauce, jalapeno slices, garlic and rice.  I take the meet out of the sliced pigs feet, wrap a little bit of everything into the sesame leaf...OH, BOY!  Party for your taste buds. Next to that is Island Style.  Yummy Yummy!  My favs are Bim Bim Bap with chicken, pan fried dumplings (on request), Guk Su Bap, and Hawaiin Sun Green Tea.Just after, is a sushi joint.  I've only gotten the Korean Style Jirashi...absolutely love it.Then Chapgetti...momma gets the Jaja Meoung.  It's here favorite along with some sweet potatoes.The next restaurant is stuck between Chapgetti and the new Thai restaurant.  It too is oh, so good.  We usually get the steamed pork buns.
5	This is another place that my son and I went with a friend and her son. We loved it because we got to sit down and eat lunch at one of the restaurants, then go in to do some grocery shopping. The atmosphere was busy but pleasant. My son had teriyaki chicken and steamed rice. I had one of the specials that had so much food which included kimchi, soup, and much more. The food was GREAT. Then as we walked around the grocery store to let the food digest, we saw a lot of foods that we liked that did not have in a long time since our family is in another state. I got mangos that were 99 cents a pound (got $4 worth), sushi, and a few other for items. My son got chop sticks for beginners and a packet of stainless steel chop sticks. The place is a great place to get out Asian food. We will coming back when our family comes out for Thanksgiving week.
3	Part one of the review is on the market itself.It's clean, bright, does not smell (well maybe only by the seafood section). But I love the cheap produces and the meat selection here. You can even get the pre-marinated Korean BBQ. I would not recommend their fish though, I bought it twice and it was not fresh.  So I would suggest their meat, which is really fresh and also their cooked food section with various kimchee and Korean side dishes and salads. (These however are a little bit pricy but I thnk that's pretty common for Korean food, it's usually on the more expensive side)Second part is on the food court outside.Two of my favorites ones I think are worth trying is the Chaphaghetti (try their Jajangmyun - noodles with black bean sauce) and Island Style (which is a spinoff of their original location on Sahara I think?)Food comes out fairly fast, sometimes I come get food to-go for dinner.It's pricy for food-court food, but the portions are huge so it will last you 2 meals.
5	I came here for kimchi and there was a bunch of different brands to choose from. Marinated meats for good prices. Nice market, will return.
4	I love this market everything is cheap, I can get all my homeland cooking stuff, the have fresh fish, marinated meats, Korean food court which has awesome selection food and open late!
5	Why should you come here for your asian grocery needs?1. The place is cleannnn. When you compare this place to the other asian supermarkets in town *cough* 99 Ranch, this place gets a A++ from the health inspector. 2. Large selection of fruits, vegetables, seafood and just your overall asian spices, sauces, and snacks. This also includes everything you need for a korean style feast : marinated meats (bulgogi, galbi), fresh made kimchi, soft tofu, every type of ban chan available, krn chili powder etc etc. and everything is at a reasonable price.3. This place comes with a fully loaded food court. Too hungry to shop and make your own korean dishes at home? No worries! This place provides just about every korean dish your heart desires.
4	My girl is from Japan and she offered to cook dinner for me when we first started dating over a year ago. I've been hooked since!Even though this is a "Korean Supermarket" they carry Japanese and Chinese food products and other goods. Every time we feel like doing sushi, but not all you can eat, this is the first place we hit up for sushi grade fish. They have a small section stocked with salmon, tuna, and a third fish that isn't coming to mind. If you want more selection you'll have to go down to the display case where they hold the yellow tail, squid, octopus and whatever other sashimi they managed to get that day.While their fresh seafood leaves something to be desired, their frozen seafood is extensive and well stocked (they always have soft shell crab) Their produce is also very fresh and only a few times they didn't have what we were looking for.
4	I continuously smell like kimchi because of Greenland.  Enablers! So, yeah, blondie here is addicted to kimchi and Greenland is my proverbial crackden.   As I'm writing this review, I have a giant jar of Greenland kimchi in my fridge.   I have no idea what brand it is, the label is written in Korean.  That narrows it down, right?Anyways, Greenland, besides supplying the cabbage, also has other great selections such as marinated bulgogi, kalbi, cucumber salad, stir-fry noodles, etc.  I'd highly recommend the cucumber salad.  It's excellent, very flavorful and slightly spicy.Their produce selection is also pretty decent.  You can find deals on oyster mushrooms and shitaki.  They also sell gigantic bags of bean sprouts.  If you need to make a stir-fry for 29, check it out!I do buy other things there but, honestly, I have no idea what they're called. They're good, whatever they are! I guess I need to learn Korean....
3	Finally a place like the Korean markets in downtown LA.  Like the LA ones, this one has a supermarket as well as a food court and post office.  Plenty of space.  Produce is okay, but not as fresh as the produce I get in the supermarkets in LA.  I suspect they get their groceries from California.  Also, they don't have water sprayers to keep the produce crisp or plastic wrappings/bags to keep the lettuce and celery individualized and fresh.  Nevertheless, produce still cheaper than standard supermarket chains.  Lots of items to select from.  Recommend you go whether you are Korean or nor, when you want to go supermarket/food shopping.
4	Going to Greenland gets me excited.  What do you do when you go to a grocery store?  Buy food.  What do you do at a Korean grocery store?  Buy Korean food!  And I love me some Korean food.  Whether you're satisfying your current hunger at the food court or bringing home some food for later, Greenland's got you covered.The biggest reason I go to Greenland is for their BBQ.  They have several meats already marinated and ready to take home.  Buying your kalbi/bulgogi/etc. by the pound here and grilling at home is so much cheaper than eating out!  That wouldn't mean much if the meat and marinade isn't good, but luckily that isn't a problem.  Potluck coming up?  Pool party coming up?  Greenland's BBQ is my go to spot for bringing a dish.The other thing I've come to buy a lot of is the banchan they carry.  Gotta have the banchan with the BBQ!  Kimchi, bean sprouts, cucumber, fish cake...more banchan than I can remember!  Everything has been decent and consistent.  For someone that's never made banchan at home, this is my only option!Another nice thing is that it's no problem if you head to Greenland with an appetite.  No need to go grocery shopping while you're hungry, just stop by the food court!  Obviously the biggest reason to go to Greenland is for Korean food.  Me being a fan of Korean food makes me a fan of Greenland.
5	I love this place!This place reminds me of a condensed Home Plus without the clothing. They sell just about anything you would find in Korea. It's very tidy here. You don't have to worry about stepping over boxes or around large crates.The produce section is great! Most of the produce you can't find anywhere else. Since the drive is a bit long, I always stock up on my favorite snacks. I also love nodding my head to the k-pop playing as I shop. I'm not a seafood person, but there is a fresh seafood section there.There is a home good section where you can buy pots, pans, utensils and other goods. The food court is amazing too! I love getting japche and dukkbokki. When I was living in Korea, there was a street vendor on my walk home that sold dokkbokki. My home-stay sister and I would stop there and get some just about everyday. I was glad they sold it here. On thing I liked in Korea's food courts specifically was that they don't use Styrofoam as much as we do here. All of their plates, bowls and utensils (beside chopsticks) can be washed and reused. I was happy to see they do the same thing in Greenland as well. The only Styrofoam they use is for the drinking water. And the service is just about the same with the numbers on the screen. I feel as if I'm right back in Seoul.  Overall I love this place and can't get enough of it. It's very clean, the workers are very helpful and you can find what you're looking for.
5	First time here today with my family.  Great prices on produce (quality may not be quite as high as Whole Foods, but eh) and fantastic selection of Korean and not-Korean foodstuffs, including but not limited to: Hello Kitty marshmallows, kimchi, pork belly, seafood that moves and grooves, and sauces and oils to satisfy almost any need or craving.  The place is very clean, which I appreciate very much!  We had eaten lunch at KoMex before our trip to Greenland, otherwise we would have checked out the food court.  Next time.....I know I'll be coming here a lot.  In fact, I got a few ideas for stocking stuffers from the snack and candy aisle!  :)
4	Greenland Supermarket is right around the corner from my parent's house. So when I needed to pick up some Korean chili powder to make Momofuku Daikon kim chee, I immediately thought of Greenland. I think I got the right one, though it was hard to tell since only a small portion of the label was translated into English. I tried to get help from one of the workers, but he didn't speak much English so I stumbled through.While there, we picked up some marinated bulgogi and seaweed salad. My wife cooked up the bulgogi with some sliced onions. Yummmm!Greenland has a nice supply of fish and Asian produce. It's a great place to go if you're looking for these items.
4	I come here mainly for the large selection of kimchi as other supermarkets (especially Chinese/Viet ones) have slightly lower pricing on non-Korean food products.  Their food court, mostly Korean eateries, is awesome.
4	I mainly go here for the kimchi which i like a lot. I think their dessert section is kinda weak. Still a good place to go to for Asian food stuff though.
5	love love love this place!!! got all my Korean food needs here!!!
5	I love this place. GREAT food court, great prices both in the food court and in the market. VERY clean, organized, great selection. They always have what I am looking.  Great produce too.  Their seafood & meat dept is fresh, great quality, I come here allll the time.
3	Great place for sushi to-go but the place never seems to prepare enough.  Either hire more chefs or make more sushi!
4	This Asian supermarket has emphasis on Korean goods.  I don't know a lot of Korean cuisine and culture, but my girlfriend and I have taken an interest lately.  I really enjoy coming here.  There is plenty of parking.  It's not as busy as some of the Asian supermarkets in Chinatown.  There are several Korean businesses in the front when you walk in.  Try the food court to the right; I recommend Island Style.  I love the snack foods available at Greenland Market i.e., cookies and chips.  There are some items from this place that we have made a staple in our pantry.  I'm assuming that this place is a must for Korean households, but even non-Koreans will have a fun visit (assuming you are open minded to other cuisine from other cultures).
4	This is an awesome place to eat.  The stands at the food court are all battling each other for customers.  So the prices are great. You can get a whole fish for around $11 and delicious too.  Don't go for those deals where you order something and get a free bowl of noodles because those free noodles are bland.  Be careful, the portions are huge. You can easily share a dish with a friend.  And most of the stands will give you different types of kimchee for a nominal price if they charge you at all.  Walk around and look at the photos of different dishes displayed at each stand and don't be afraid to ask questions. Check out the grocery store as well.  They have great prices for everything. I pick up some good asian beers at reasonable prices at this grocery store. You can get korean beers that you can't find at other grocery stores.
3	Greenland closely resembles LA's Korean markets except that its selection is much smaller. It sells pretty much all the brands and items I normally purchase but nothing beyond that. I like their ready-to-go side dishes, kim bab (rice rolled in seaweed), fresh oxtail, and Greenland brand dumplings (in the frozen section).  I was bummed out today because I got there too early and they didn't have the kimbab.  I usually come out here 1-2x a month because it's a long way from Henderson; I usually have to stock up on galbi, shabu shabu beef, and black pig pork belly. I would have given this place 4 stars but the customer service stunk. I had to bag my own groceries when there were plenty of employees around. I don't mind bagging groceries but I was irked that everyone acted like they were too good to bag groceries and didn't help another cashier out. Lastly, the food court is a bit overpriced so I'm hesistant to eat there unless I'm really desperate for Korean food. I'm glad that there is actually a Korean market around here but I wish it was closer so i could get my kimbab fix.
4	Can you be overwhelmed....in a good way? I did not know a feeling was possible until I found myself wandering the aisles of Greenland Supermarket 10 minutes into my visit there. It takes a lot to overwhelm me in a grocery store-I mean what's there to get worked up about? Greenland market just had so much of anything and everything, most of it in languages and characters of which I'm not familiar, but it was so much fun going through every single aisle (and believe me, I did) and discovering things I'd never seen or heard of before or finding things that brought out all kinds of nostalgia in me like candies and snacks my grandma used to share with me or that used to get sent to us by relatives.Greenland is your one stop shop for all kinds of Korean and Japanese products-whether it's your standard soy sauce or freshly prepped kimchi, pickled strips of radish, fresh fish or marinated meat (bulgogi....I'll be back for you!). They also have a pretty extensive fresh produce section with some of your standard market fruits and vegetables, but a lot of things that you usually can't find at the market; this really sealed the authenticity of the place for me. I was really happy to have found thai chiles here, but wish they could have been purchased in bulk form and not already pre-packaged (maybe I missed the bulk bin?) One of those little chiles has the heat of probably 4-6 jalapenos, so I'm going to have to be creative with the pack of 40+ chiles that I have. Although the store felt a little cluttered to me-everything seemed to be well-organized and it was very clean. There's just so much stuff! Really, unless you come with a specific shopping list, it's easy to lose track of time in here.There's also a food court which I didn't check out, but based on the reviews, it's definitely a highlight I'm looking forward to when I return. If you're looking to expand your shopping horizons, get some authentic Asian cooking staples or just like to wander around expansive grocery stores, then put Greenland Market on your to-do list!
5	Going to Greenland Supermarket is a major trek for me as I live on the opposite side of town, but is it worth it? YES. YES INDEED.Upon entering there is a mall-type area, with shops on the left and a food court to the right. Straight ahead is the supermarket itself. The vegetable and fruit selection were bright and fresh, though my friend said a few items seemed pricey. What I really liked was their selection of yogurt drinks (i.e. Yakult). We had been looking for ones that do not contain many additives or sugar and were quite surprised that the selection here had just what we wanted.This store is huge and we spent well over an hour maneuvering through the aisles. I will definitely try to come back again.
4	WOW wish we had more time to explore the store. We were pleasantly surprised to see an eating area at the entrance of the store. Next time we come, we will be sure to eat there and then do our shopping. We live about 25 miles away, so I can't visit as often as I'd like. We bought some Korean ginseng, mochiko flour, and some Korean snacks.
5	Wish I found this place sooner... Now I buy all my fatty soups here! The prices are great, compared to other local shops. I am not so crazy of how small the place is though. I have been to the one in Las Vegas and man that one is huge! Still it is what it is and it is good. Everything is neat and at it's place. The shops on the left hand side make up for it though. I must say the beer is good haha.
4	This place reminds me of OC because there's a lot of Korean super markets in Orange County with Food courts inside their grocery stores. I love the concept!Korean Food: 5/5 I love Korean food and at Green Land I love their meat section. You can pick from and variety of different meats to BBQ that are already per-marinated to Barbeque. I love the their side dishes from sea weed salad to cold noodles to Kimchi and radish so yummie. I really like their selection of rice cakes golly they have a lot. Veggies: 2/5 Its a hit or miss, they usually have way better prices than your average grocery store but I find a lot of their produce aren't fresh. Some are even beginning to welt and rot away. Food Court: 3/5 Like I said I love the concept but I don't the selection. In OC the selection are all different but at Greenland they seem all to be noodle stews. I want tofu stews or Korean BBQ at a fraction of the prices because it is in deed still fast Asian food. Overall if your looking for a Korean dinner at home go here. This place is Korea away from home for Koreans :)
5	Best Asian Supermarket in the Valley.  Supermarkets need to be assessed based on these categories:  Selection, layout, quality of service, and price.  Here's why Greenland slathers the competition in Gochujang, and throws it on the hot grill:Selection:  Although it's predominantly Korean, there is a large variety of goodies here, ranging from whole fish that the monger will slice or filet to your likings, freshly made banchan, good produce, and an array of delicious snacks.Layout:  The store is organized in a logical manner.  If you start out with the produce, and make your way around the floor, you'll finish at the frozen goods.  This is how it should be, so your frozen food doesn't get all melty on you before you check out.  Quality of Service:  The staff is usually very friendly and helpful, even if a language barrier pops up, you can still get the answers you need rather easily.  The fact that you can have the seafood prepped here quickly before you get it home is a huge benefit to trying new recipes.  Price:  The prices here are similar to many other supermarkets, cheaper than Whole Foods of course.  **Bonus**  The food court here offers up some tasty fare, including soups, stews, sushi, and some grilled items.  A new Korean fried chicken place opened here, and while I haven't tried it, it looks fantastic.  Thumbs way up for Greenland Supermarket!!
5	While my parents were here, I decided to take them and my nephews to Greenland market to do some shopping since we didn't go the last time they were here. My mom WAS in heaven. They had everything we wanted and a cheaper price than what she wzs use to spending. For instance she got 4 lbs of bulgogi at $5 a pound vs the $7 per pound the she spends in Washington State. We found frozen New Zealand Mussels. We found taro as well and cooked it on Saturday so that we could eatas part of the celebration for my son's birthday. She cooked with coconut milk and seasonings. We nighthawk rice, fruits, veggies, and much much more. We had a great time walking around finding everything she wanted.
5	wow this is korean market, i like it.i think this is new market at vegas.iam not Korean people, but i like korean food.before inside market , they have korean food court too,to many item korean food they sale.ready to eat.  unbelieveble.the price cheaper than korean resto, i like it.i love korean bakery too.the bakery regular the same japanese  bakery.if i go again to vegas, iam not worry about the food.if you like korean food, i recommend this place.
1	(FOOD COURT ONLY) All Previous *OWNERS / HEAD CHEFS* of the last 2 years in the food court are no longer operating the 4 stalls below (contract is over) SINCE 1/31/2012. Bossam House (1st stall)Island Style #2 (2nd stall)I Love Oyshi (3rd stall)Chappaghetti (4th stall) Why 1 star? go and check out the Island Style stall.. or what's left of it and see why. The cooks that Gina (owner) had trained herself for the past 2 years are STILL cooking the same dishes she brought over from her original store, but trust me when I say the quality will not be the same. That also goes for the other 3 stalls. Greenland can change the name and the prices, but Island Style still has 20 years of experience no shady business can duplicate.Island Style owner Gina (Yeon-hee) is back at the first location on Valley View and Sahara. Island Style Yelp page:http://www.yelp.com/biz/island-style-las-vegas#query:Island%20Style%20Restaurant
4	I love this market. Although it is a Korean market they still have other non-Korean food items from Japan and China. What I love though is how clean, organized and well stocked this store is! Ingredients are labeled well and usually in English somewhere. This is helpful to those of us that love these foods buy can't always decipher the original label.The have a nice seafood section although probably not as big as some of the other asian markets. They will clean them to order, however. They have a nice selection of sashimi cuts such as salmon, ahi, hamachi, and white tuna. This varies as I have also seen uni and octopus. just look for the freshest ones!The food court just outside of the grocery is worth a look too. The food is pretty cheap and also tasty!
4	My favorite asian market. They have everything you can imagine inside the store not just korean but really other asian culture food and products. I am from Hawaii so seeing basically one aisle with all the local comfort snacks and foods through the store. One store that has the most diversity comes too find local style products. The fresh meats (love getting the kalbi; just like back home plus go too regular grocery store aka alberstons or smiths never find that cut of meat), too fresh seafood, and produce all really clean, fresh looking, displayed really nice and organized. The prices are very reasonable for most too all of products.The food court LOVE the place never thought about checking it out. I usually go there for the market. I wanted too check it out since brother telling me about ramen one of the stores. I ended up getting the meat jun at island style store. It awesome! It exactly like meat jun back home in the islands. The egg batter was just right on not too heavy or light. The dipping sauce was tasty. It comes with rice, mac salad, nice hot fresh clear soup (not sure call it but great starter cleanse the palate so too speak), couple side dishes of kim chee and bean sprouts. Both are really good. I love kim chee in general.The atmosphere is nice laid back lots of tables and chairs. I never went super crowded so maybe it could get loud? The service is excellent they call your number or not paying attention they come drop off the food. Something makes it different most food courts. All the stores get food on real plates and nothing like strip mall food court all paper/plastic. Nice change is knowing that every store is family run places not chain places see in normal food courts. I been too island style twice but make point few times too try the other stores.
1	The food court is great yes I agree but the stands around selling bake goods are not friendly at all; the same goes for the grocery store.All of their products are label in Korean,  if you try to get help the people here are so rude and they act like your are taking their precious time, in the bakery outside the girl was speaking Korean with a friend from the booth next to her, they ignore me and when I ask for help she had and attitude.I have no intentions to go back or to recommend this place to anybody.
5	The best Korean market and great food court.  Very good selection of high quality meats, seafoods and produce.  This place is clean and everything always looks fresh.  The marinated kalbi short ribs are amazing.  The food court has so many good choices would highly recommend trying a few.  Island flavor is delicious.
4	Greenland is probably my favorite Asian supermarket in town. The store has so much variety and is pretty well-organized and clean, which I enjoy. Everything is pretty reasonably priced as well. I don't shop there nearly as often as I'd probably like, probably because I don't really cook. I do try to get here about every month or so, just to get my fix. Also, as someone who doesn't really cook, I really enjoy their huge selection of premade items as well as all their inexpensive kitchenware.  Another great place about this place is all the food vendors that are located in the mall area as well. I can usually grab some food to go on my way out for dinner as well, which is probably my favorite part about the place. Convenience is the name of the game here.
5	The stars are for the food court! I still cannot get over how good my unagi don was! My friends also tried their bulgogi potato pizza, we're coming back to try more of the food :Das for grocery, love the meats and noodles, these products are not available at every asian market! This is my favorite place to go for my asian food needs!
4	The market was of a pretty decent size and bigger than the ones found in Cleveland, but it was certainly didn't blow me away like the markets in Toronto. The store was very clean and it was nice to find a lot more variety of korean brands than I would normally see at the Chinese markets. They also have a good selection of marinated sliced meats and some prepared banchan. Wish they had more produce and Asian fruits though. They do have a very nice variety of drinks.
4	After 8pm you can get discounted kimbap (beef and vegetable rolls) or chapchae (stir fried sweet potato noodles with vegetables) for 50% off if any are still available. I had some chapchae for around 2.14 for my dinner, good eats! The kimbap goes fast so try to get there before 9, you can get that for around 2.25 for 2 big rolls.This large marketplace also has some of the most hardest to find korean items you will find anywhere. Whether it's a brand name korean soju, red pepper paste, or candy, this supermarket has it all. There are also stalls inside the center that sell freshly made breads and pastries from the Lepidor bakery, and another one that sells fresh rice cakes. Along the outside, there are stores that sell electronics, travel tickets, as well as clothing.For a one-of-a-kind experience into a whole different world, Greenland is the place to go.
5	This place has everything one might need in an Asian supermarket...I used to shop at Western Market on Spring Mtn before they shut down. Greenland is much bigger and more spacious, with lots of ready-to-eat foods which are helpful for me who doesn't cook. You can still get your fresh fish and meats from the back, noodles, Asian snacks, and especially their produce. Who doesn't like Korean pears?You can't go wrong with their food court, I'm always ordering something to go, shop inside for groceries, then come back to pick up my food. Kal-bi, sushi, spicy tofu soup, spicy rice cakes... lots of choices.I'll be there again next week :)
3	I had the miso ramen from the food court which was kinda bland.  The tuna rolls are tasty.   Prices are comparable to a most sit down full service restaurant.  For the quality of food, it should be 1-2 dollar cheaper.  The portions are reasonable. They do offer free tea and water to all patrons.  Overall,  I like the comvenience of getting a bite to eat before or after grocery shopping.  I will try the korean pizzas next time.
4	Closest place you'll find to a kyo-po market like the ones in Santa Clara off El Camino. They have frozen pre-marinated kalbi/bulgogi along with freshly marinated ones you can buy at the butcher counter. This place has all the Korean spices, cooking sauces, snacks, etc... Large parking lot, clean market, legit products... good prices.
4	Clean, but tends to be expensive on certain items... Good place to get marinaded meats for grilling, and the food court in front has a great selection of food to eat, but is on the pricey side for what it is. It does offer some items that you can't find at other asian supermarkets in the area, but if you want good prices on sake, go to Lee's discount liquor or other liquor stores.
2	I prefer 168.
3	Korean Supermarket, Most stuff here is pricey compare to other Asian supermarkets.  For the damn food count the prices here are crazy that I can just go to an nice restaurant to eat. Shhsh But if you need anything Korean specialties for cooking they have it here.
5	Went their for the first time to pick up some good korean food to q and it was more than i could imagine as far as having everything you need. They also have a  food court in the market that had good food smells on the way in and out but didnt try it out, next time. The store is very big and worh the trip.
4	One of the cleanest asian super markets I've ever been too. Even the bathrooms are spotless. Enough said
4	I came here because a co-worker suggested I go here for some ready made bulgogi.  It has just about everything you may need for your Korean BBQ needs.  A good selection of the per-marinated stuff and some side dishes too.  It has everything you can expect from and Asian supermarket.  Parking is plentiful and they also have a food court which the wife and I haven't sampled yet.  All in all I'll be back.
5	I love Greenland market! It is an excellent Korean-owned asian grocery store and carries a lot of varied products. Their fresh meat selection is awesome. Everytime my Mom is in town I always make a trip to Greenland to stock up on Korean-style short ribs so that she can marinate them (and so that I can have a freezer full of Mom's delicious bulgogi short ribs nom nom nommm).The prepared foods section is very good too. I have had jobchae, kimchee, kimbop and seaweed salad from there.The food court is perfect for when you need a quick bite before grocery shopping, knowing that if you walk in to Greenland hungry you will end up buying everything in the store. My favorite food court item is the mussel champong (spicy seafood and noodle soup) from the stand in the corner, the name escapes me. So yummy.Be sure to get your Greenland Market rewards from the cashier. For every $500 you spend, you get a $10 coupon/voucher to use towards future purchases.
5	Love to shop there! They have everything from pre made sides to marinated Kalbi, Bulgogi, Chicken, Pork belly and Cutlets. And if you would like to make your own, they have all the ingredients you'll need there. I also love their Food Court. Sushi, some Hawaiian and Korean foods at decent price compared to DJK and some other Korean restaurants.
5	This is the first time i've ever been to this place,and it sure as hell wont be the last :).They have everything you could want here from ramen,to chilli paste,drinks,frozen foods,and ofcouse SNACKS!!! They have the nicest erray here besides nakata japan.And the people in there are actually nice unlike some of the other supermarkets in china town.But back to the snacks,I could be in those 2 isles for a half an hour just looking at them :) I got a few things wich i will post later,so far everything is good! I'd defently recommend this to friends.
4	I got the pork-kimchi soon tofu soup and fish with the #33 chapaghetti.The tofu soup is something I wanted to compare to Mr. Tofu, but the soup here was so bland and tasteless. However, the small fish it came in was really delicious (besides the fact that there are many bones and it is a pain to remove them). The jjajangmyeon from Chapaghetti is an awesome dish that everyone must try! It is something I remember eating growing up as a child. Also, the noodles came with a sweet & sour chicken, which I think has a lot of MSG because it was so slammed with the flavor of MSG, I forced myself to swallow it.Last stop, dessert (fish cakes) from Tiffany's Coffee Shop.Please try the Red Bean fish cakes from here. It is an authentic Korean dish. The fish cakes are filled with red beans and surrounded by a waffle-like texture that comes out delicious, warm, and perfect during the winter time (in my opinion). They also make ice cream out of this, which I think is a great idea during the Las Vegas heat (look for the ice cream version in the market).
5	My husband spent a year stationed in South Korea, so he's developed a love for Korean food.He loves taking us here to shop in the market, and I love soju! The food court is amazing!  It's pretty affordable, but very fresh! Bring a fork if you're not well versed in chop sticks!
1	Greenland does have a good selection for Asian products, but they have become very inconsistent in bringing in products. There are certain products that are in stock, then you won't find them again for a few weeks. The Food Court has gone to SH!T. They have these kids taking orders that have NO care for sanitation. Case(s) in point: We ate at the Sushi place and the girl sneezed in her hand while taking our order. I asked her to wash her hands and she just smiled. She probably didn't understand me, "Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth?" LOL! She then proceeded to prep the order with her dirty-ass hands. I just told her I had to leave and I need my money back. While sitting and waiting for our other order from another restaurant, another kid comes in to the sushi place; puts on his apron, wipes his face with his bare hands and then sneezes in them. And guess what? He doesn't wash his hands too! Do this kids even have Health Cards? The Grocery Store is slowly declining and as mentioned earlier, the Food Court is already DEAD. From what I am told by many Koreans in Vegas, this place is run by Mr. Lee (Lee's Liquor) and he's nothing but a money hungry old man who doesn't care for service, but only filling his pockets... So sad!
2	The food was better when this market first opened at the food court.  Now, it's just ok.  To be honest, wouldnt drive out of my way to come to this food court.
4	When I have my Asian snack craving this is the spot for me.  Prices are average but they don't carry much of the snacks I like, however, I can get easily carried away.  They do have a food court and several other shops that carry clothing, makeup, and the like.  I mostly go to the food court, especially, for lunch.  The prices are fairly reasonable and to my surprise pretty good.  Parking is ample making it easy.
2	The sad thing is that every Japanese resident of Clark County would rather shop at Greenland Market than Nakata or Japan Creek.  Whenever I am at Greenland, I find every single Japanese person I know hanging out at the "Japanese food aisle". I constantly run into the cooks from Monta, the angry old man from Ichiza, a ton of various Sushi Chefs, and even the workers from I-Naba. Do these "authentic" Japanese restaurants actually get their ingredients from a Korean Market?The produce here is awful and totally f*cking costs too much. The only nice workers are the Latino ones, no one else ever even gives me eye contact. K JUN chicken in the food court was good while it lasted but apparently they f*cking kicked them out. F*ck You Mr. Greenland or whoever the f*ck owns this place!Chappagetti is the best jajangmeon we got here in LV but I feel it's slightly missing something on account of the fact that it's not Chinese owned. Jajangmeon is NOT Korean. It shocks me how many Koreans think it is an authentic Korean dish. Jajangmeon is a Chinese dish which became very popular in Korea. Anyone who knows me knows that I always bitch to my Japanese friends( most particularly Aaron K) about how Koreans tend to treat me like sh!t. I don't appreciate it at all. My Mom is Korean, so that makes me Korean, and during my youth I constantly attempted to reach out to the Korean community but was always pushed away by snotty FOB Koreans, who hated every single damn thing about me. My Dad is a 3rd generation Japanese American, and no one in my family speaks any other language but English..but is that a just reason to consider me an outsider in the Korean community?  My brother took more of the Korean side of the gene pool and grew up to be 6'5". Many of you idiots don't know this but the average height in South Korea is actually around 5'10", which is considerably taller than South American and African countries. Koreans tend to be one of the taller ethnic groups in the world. Well, the workers at Greenland assume my brother is Korean on account of his massive height and they treat him pretty darn good, but I can't get any sympathy over here. I hate how at Japanese Markets they think I'm Korean, and at Korean Markets they think I'm Japanese, and at Chinese Markets they think I'm weird.OKAY.... the best thing here at Greenland is the FROZEN SMILING RABBIT MOON CREME BREAD. Believe me, you have to f*cking try it. Pictured here:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qVO3l9Q0-KVQE7W9JL9ePw?fsid=IOt7lW-WFEOARLbS_yG77w#Vb2-TK6mBKPndNEUkb3Y2AThey also sell those mega sized Mexican cokes for 1/4 the price you would get them at "World of Coke" for. World of Coke is officially useless now, and sucks!I've experienced this epidemic of White dudes married to Asian women trying to shield their wives when I walk by them.  They literally grab their wives and hold them really tight when they make eye contact with me. What the f*ck is this? What the hell is going on here? I know I'm really f*cking hot, and I'm a giant womanizer, but I'm not gonna steal your damn mail order bride. Stop being so paranoid! I have white uncles and most my white friends are married to Asian women.It's funny cause in Hawaii, it's just a casual normal thing for Whites and Asians to marry..but for some reason the people here in LV think they are living some "John Lennon-Yoko Ono" fantasy and that their relationship is "forbidden" or some stupid sh!t. Go shop at Albertsons or Smiths then if you don't feel comfortable shopping around Asian people. Whenever I come to this Koreatown shopping center, I usually just walk straight over to "SUSHI ON RAINBOW", while my brother eats at Chappagetti. I don't know how we turned out so different. The Moral of the Story is to eat FROZEN SMILING RABBIT MOON CREAM BREAD with Mexican coke.UPDATE- Today I was at Greenland Market and the workers were talking about how confused they were that  everyone was now suddenly buying Frozen Smiling Rabbit Moon Cream Bread. Apparently, they had a hard time selling it in the past.
3	Greenland is my korean supermarket for all my korean needs. Honestly they do not have fresh produce.  I just shop for mostly packaged items and korean goodies.  They set out premade side dishes but not offer a wide variety.  I'm pretty dissappointed in the premade dishes, i alway have been purchasing these items until this week as i was eating at home i found 2 hairs in it..YUCK! totally lost my appetite. Not to mention, my brother bought a packaged bulgogo (marinated meat) and after he fried it up and sat down to eat he saw a roach in the mix.  The food court is not so great either.  I feel like the place has gone down with the premade items.  I will be shopping here only because its the closest korean market for us.
3	Didn't buy anything from the actual supermarket but they had a great selection of korean ingredients. The vegetables were very old, however. Most of them were wilted or covered in fruit flies though the daily necessities (ie. green onions) were still fresh. The supermarket is super convenient and tasty. The ban-chans were just enough and the noodles/soups that I ordered tasted very homey and warming. The price was right as well. If I ever moved to Las Vegas, this is where I would get all my korean grocery needs!
3	3 1/2 stars.  good korean super market.  like all other asian markets in the china town area it has asian type veggies you don't find in  nonasan markets.  although, some of the veggies look bleah!  there are a wide assortment of korean eats, from prepared meats to pickled vegetables.  alot of seafood,  make pokee buyin the mix in their small hawaiian section.  will go again.
4	this is my to go place for when i need my shishito peppers fix (twisted peppers on the label). its a typical los angeles style korea market. beauty store, bakery, cafe, korean old lady style clothes store, computer repair store, travel agency, post office, jewelry, etc... the supermarket has good produce. over priced korean snacks. the food court is ok. the employees are usually busy playing on their phones and occasionally dont see customers waiting in front of them. they had some good  food there when they first opened up, but most of the stuff there now is just your standard  korean food court stuff.
5	Recommended by a work colleague, this market carries some of the best asian foods and products I have been able to find in Vegas. Reasonably priced, this market offers quality nori, frozen gyoza, Thai/Korean/Japanese spices and sauces, soy wrap paper, pre-cut fish for sushi, fresh veggies and AMAZING salmon steaks. I went in for a quick look and ended up spending over an hour just browsing around. The staff is pretty friendly and will accommodate your requests (meat department).The prices at this market are right on par with any other grocery store in Las Vegas, so if you are in the mood to try exotic spices or different foods, come shop here. Some of the things I found here are:* Nori (quality stuff)* Salmon Steaks* Sushi grade salmon/tuna* Pre-cut fish for sushi* Sushi rice* Loco Moco sauce* Apple-Pears* Amazingly fresh ginger* Fresh pork bellyIf you are going to this market for the first time, do it with time to spare so you can browse around and find some pretty cool stuff.
4	What kind of noodles are you looking for? Well look no further, Greenland has a variety of noodles to choose from. My favorite is the tempura and miso flavored noodles. If you don't like noodles, check out their meat and seafood section. We always get the marinated Korean meats. There's also a section with all the ingredients already made for bim bim bop. If you like hurricane popcorn like I do, there is a Hawaiian section.Did you say Asian vegetables to make your favorite Asian dish, well this is your one stop shop. I love this place. Its clean and has what I need in terms of Asian food. There are vendors right when you walk in that sell Asians sweet goods. Did I mention there's a food court too? YUP This place has it all.
4	I didn't make it past the food court!This is an Asian grocery store with a huge food court up front.  Honestly, I don't even know what I ate there, but it was a bowl of rice with a bunch of stuff on top.This place is a legit place for Asians.  There are Asians everywhere!This place is a Korean market but I do believe they have a variety of Asian goods.If I lived even remotely close to this place I would stop by more often.
5	Well I think the food court are ok; not great , not bad... But the grocery store is nice. well organized. Some times the items just runs out and taking so long to put on display. Maybe their shipment is not often enough? I go there regularly and happy with what i am getting.
2	This market is huge, but the sashimi grade fish steaks were a huge disappointment.One word: Smelly. All of the sashimi here smells terribly fishy. I made the mistake of buying the fish without smelling it first (amateur, I know). I got it home and it smelled TERRIBLE.I tried making it into spicy tuna and spicy salmon the second night in the hope of drowning out the smell. I took two bites and gave up. I'm throwing away about $15 worth of fish because the smell is so fishy, you can taste it in every bite.Other than that, there's certainly variety in terms of this being a huge market with a ton of stuff. Anything that's a dry food is a safe bet here. Just stay away from the fish.
5	I love this freakin' store. When I first came here, I was like WOW! It's like back in Korea! Awesome. They have a great selection of different food and fresh produce. They also have all your banchan needs and other prepared foods - if I need some kimbap on the fly, Greenland it is! They also have a pretty awesome food court. The portions are big and they have water coolers available for your needs. They also have other little shops inside the store like a pharmacy which came in handy the other day when I need to pick up aloe water for Baboy and some children's medicine for Hunnie Bunnie!
4	Greenland is the largest Asian market in town.  Though there are many options on Spring Mountain and around town, there are some things that are only found here or just cheaper here than some of the other markets.I had a few things on my list but generally just wandered each aisle slowly (and painfully to my friend Susan, who was starving but waited for me to traverse the entire food part of the market), picking up anything that sounded interesting to me.  I had been here before and noticed that this is the only place in town that carries ito en's green tea-fruit blends.  I spotted a new set of flavors since they were first released around the time of the World Tea Expo last summer, and bought the remaining four green tea-coconut blends...I cannot wait to try this!I also noticed they have abalone (from Chile they told me), but did not buy any today.  I also was unable to find soft shell crabs this time.  I picked up lamb shabu shabu meat, and noticed there was a nice selection of sliced beef tongue meat...mmm!  No yuzu tobiko, but there was wasabi tobiko frozen.  I got some uni and hamachi.  I do love the produce section, where I got a huge amount of shishito peppers for $2, lemongrass (3 stalks for 99 cents), and ginger.In the aisles, I sought out sushi vinegar, mirin, sansho pepper, layu (chile sesame oil), half size nori sheets, yamamotoyama loose genmaicha tea for a friend's birthday who loves it, yuzu kosho, Japanese sweet rice, hijiki....I did well today!  There is so much to see here, and I could spend hours looking through the aisles.  The small stuff adds up quickly though!  There is also a nice food court in front of the store in the plaza as well as L'epidor bakery.
2	Disappointing. But at least it's clean even though you can clearly smell the fish in the back! I have been on a search for good ethnic markets where I can source authentic produce, sauces, spices, and other items and that search has led me to some interesting places. My visit to Greenland was another one of those discovery visits, I needed a couple of basic things and thought I'd give them a look. Getting in the place was interesting as one of the front doors was broken. Once inside the front door you have to pass through a mini-mall of sorts with assorted shops, food offerings and even small appliances on display before you finally get to the market. Shopping carts...you gotta look for them as they are tucked away to the right side and I almost missed them. The produce...was disappointing. It's overpriced for one thing. And the quality was hit or miss. The Italian squash was huge and good quality. The mushrooms? They looked good in the package but once I got them home they were slimy, stinky, and woefully disappointing. But they do carry lots of various peppers, they carry shallots, and even had watercress but again the pricing seemed a bit too high compared to other places I've been. They do offer Mexican coke in the dairy cooler which caught my eye before I checked out the seafood cases. Shrimp was priced pretty competitive, but overall...I felt the seafood selection was ho-hum. I've seen better selection elsewhere and yes that includes the squid. The rest of the store was not anything surprising. If you like a wide variety of Cups of Noodles you'll be impressed. They also had large jars of kimchi including some that listed radishes vs. cabbage as the main ingredient...and they had some housewares including average quality pots and pans, chopsticks, soup spoons, and the mandatory bulk rice section that was again priced a tad too high compared to other places. Overall...it wasn't worth my time to drive to check it out. I'll give them 2 stars...one for not finding flies on the produce like Seafood City had going on, and another star for fast checkout lines. Otherwise...yawn...it ain't all that. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #1)
4	I get in touch with my inner Korean every time I come here. No better way to do it than through food that reminds me of home. Greenland was built after Albertson's had shut down a couple years back. It's exciting that the Korean community is growing in Vegas. Now I don't have to drive down to LA to get my Korean market fix. Sure, there are smaller Korean markets in town, but Greenland is the first of its kind. They have great produce selection for fair prices...sometimes. My mom likes to buy her apples there but complains that its much more expensive than the supermarket down the street from our house. They have a good selection of meats, too. You can find different cuts of beef and pork already marinated and ready for the grill! They also have a good selection of side dishes. This comes in handy when we get too lazy to make our own. Furthermore, we all have to agree that Korean cookies are the best! You can find an isle-ful of sweets here. If that's not enough, there's a small area in the front where they sell pastries and cakes - all fresh baked and delivered to Greenland every day. These pastries are my guilty pleasure. Their pre-made hot food (i.e. jap-chae) is buy one get one half off after 8 PM! But beware, the cashiers have to manually punch it in and they always forget to do so. I lost count how many times my mom went back to the store huffin' and puffin', all angry at the fact they keep forgetting. Food isn't the only thing they sell here. They also carry household items too. I love the  red Korean rubber gloves that you use for dishwashing. Seriously, better quality than the typical yellow ones you find at Wal-Mart! I also bought a back scratcher from here - you know, the Asian wooden ones. Greenland has an amazing food court! You can find your typical Korean stews and soups here. Have a craving for some jjajangmyun (black bean noodles) or jjamppong (Korean spicy seafood soup)? Well, you don't even have to pick between the two. One stand serves both in a bowl divided in half. Feeling like sushi? They have a stand serving your favorite rolls. Want something sweet? They have a little boba/coffee/snow ice shop adjacent to the food court to satisfy your sweet tooth. Most of these stands open at 11 AM. Perfect for lunch! Not craving Korean? It's okay, there's a Subway a few doors down. See, something for everyone.
4	Korean supermarket located on the north east corner of Rainbow and Spring Mtn. I've been coming here since it opened. Most of the smaller ones have closed down and this is by far a lot larger and cleaner. I come here and to 168 Market for all my Asian food needs. I rarely venture outside of the two and I don't have to go out to LA constantly as they have what I need here! I usually get some of my Japanese foods here as well, since they have some of the better quality stuff for a decent price. I usually get my udon and soba here along with soup stocks and sauces that make up the dishes. I love getting Korean snacks here! I wouldn't know what to do without some of them. They have an aisle full of Korean snacks and a lot of them are my favorite from my childhood when I used to visit family in Korea which is a huge plus!! I get a lot of meats from here as well! Specifically if I'm buying meats for KBBQ or Hot pot for home. They have a wide selection and the quality is better than most of the other supermarkets. I also get a lot of my produce here because it's usually cheaper. Since it's a typical Asian supermarket they have household items as well. They have a wide selection of Asian household items that you wouldn't find anywhere else really and are a LOT better than Wal-mart. Usually end up getting pots/pans, some dishes, rubber gloves, chopsticks, and etc. from here. The food court is good for after shopping fillings or even before. They're pretty quick and have a wide range of foods available. It's not top quality but it's good food still and I like coming here to just chill and eat something when I'm craving something Korean.
4	It's been a while since the whole debacle of feeling sick and I've been getting a bunch of deli items again and have not had issues since. I like getting the various pancakes specially the mung bean, chive, and seafood pancakes, the braised fishcakes, and various kimchee. I like shopping here as it's clean, convenient from work and has all the Korean staples and basic Asian staple items. The prices on vegetables and fruit is pretty reasonable, though sometimes the quality is hit or miss, but generally more good than bad. Only thing I don't really buy here is meat. They carry mostly sliced meats for bbq. I do sometimes get their marinated meats. Their fish selection is small compared to other Asian markets, but generally pretty fresh and the area doesn't stink of fish just because it's there. It's always nice smelling in here. Of course the bonus is the food court and various other businesses all in the same building. Eat, shop, go to the post office kiosk is often a routine of mine.
5	I love this Korean supermarket where I get my fix of kimchi. It's also usually the cheapest place for fresh vegetable when in season.What I don't understand is why they stopped accepting the membership card. I got my $10 coupon a few weeks ago but the Korean checkout lady said they are no longer scanning the membership card as the program has ended. No time to explain with other customers behind me and my Korean wasn't so great.
5	Love, Love this supermarket! Every time we visit my family we stop at this supermarket. Everything is so fresh & a lot of groceries to choose from. They sell a variety of Bento, sushi, fried fish etc. There is also have a food court which is very good a lot of restaurant to choose from. If you are hungry & have a taste for asian food such as Japanese food I would go there & price is reasonable.
5	I have been going to this market for a while for their kimchee, namul, and Kalbi to cook on my grill ay home.  It's all great, especially the fresh kimchee.  But today I took a chance and bought the spicy chicken from the marinated meats counter.  It was FANTASTIC.  It looks really spicy as it is bright red with chile, but it was perfect for me after grilling.  I ate it with so e kimchee, bean sprouts, and radish from the same store and LOVED it.  Oh, and I am positive it was breast meat, which my doctor prefers for my cholesterol.  Perfect!
3	This was a fun mall/grocery store visit. I came looking for looseleaf green tea based on a tip from a Yelper. Found the tea in a smaand looked at other interesting items. They carry lots of imported foods and have a small but nice produce section. The strawberry packages were huge -and those berries looked delicious! It was an early Sunday afternoon and hardly anyone was there, so no lines. I wish the tea selection were larger.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 67/100Possibly the cleanest Asian Grocery store around LV and thank God for living close by. Greenland's neat arrangement of aisles and a variety of products keep us coming back -  make that Korean, Japanese and some Chinese! Certain days, I would come here to buy a pack of kimbap, 21 pieces (give or take 2) cost only about $4.40 on average, depending on its weight.Yesterday, my parents and I strayed away from our usual restaurant hops and settled with getting some pre-packed cooked goodies - chicken kampung gi (sweet with a hint of spicy), broiled blue mackerel, kimbap and spinach - which we ate at their food court. For less than $15, we had a well-stuffed lunch that kept us away from any other cravings the rest of the day. Greenland is not merely a supermarket, but a whole lot of other things too. They have postal services, bakeries, a jewelry kiosk, a Korean airline agency, miscellaneous gift stores, clothing stores. I guess you could call it a mini Asian mall. This place alone makes up what people call Korea Town here in Vegas. It's quite a treat.
4	I must say, out of all the Asian Supermarkets in town, Greenland is definitely my favorite. As of lately, my boyfriend and I have decided that we are going on strike from eating out at Korean BBQ places, and have decided to make our own Korean BBQ at home. Making the sauces and side dishes are a piece of cake for me, but they aren't the most important part of Korean BBQ, the meat is. Greenland offers a wide variety of marinated meat, as well as un-marinated at a great price. You can find everything here from kalbi to brisket, and it's affordable! On top of having great prices on meat, their produce is pretty cheap as well, making it the perfect spot for a one stop trip to the market. If you're looking for a great selection, as well as great prices, then this is definitely the market for you.
4	I think that I would come to Koreatown just to visit the food court.The Greenland Supermarket meets all of my Asian food needs, desires, wants, etc.  I like the variety and of dry goods, produce, and meats.  It would be more helpful if all of the displays were both in English and Korean.  I am the Korean-American kid that didn't pay attention much to my Korean language skills.The best thing I like about the Greenland Supermarket is finding all the great things that I didn't know I needed until I walked by the displays!
5	great korean supermarket, had items we couldnt find here at our local K super, prices are extremely reasonable and staff was stellar-we asked one of the workers in the produce section if the plums were sweet and he took two to the back, washed them and offered us to taste them before we purchased any, so nice!
4	I went to Greenland Supermarket yesterday after reading a review on Yelp. I was really impressed that they had everything that I needed on my grocery list. I've been to other Asian grocery stores and haven't been able to find the ingredients for the sauces that I had wanted to make. I wish there was a bigger variety of fresh meats. I like the marinated meats that they had. I just would have liked to see more fresh non-marinated meats.
5	wow, this place is awesome. It has a great variety of fruits and veggies section, as well as the common core of canned products, a wide selections of snacks whether they are candies, cookies, or just freshly made at the store. They also have a section that is household products. They have a meat/fish market and "banchan" section too! I love this huge selection of things under one roof. As you come in, they have small stores clothings, accessories and services such as postal and airfare. I love the kitchen section, looks like many simple, delish dishes would fly out of their venues, but sadly they are under construction/remodel~ oh well... They also have a small "tokk" stand and a korean pastry booth. Love love love, food! Im glad I stopped by to check this place out in my visit to LAS VEGAS. Can't wait to cook me some lovely dinner with some delicacies I picked up at the store, and finish it off with "shik hae" (sweet rice water) yum yum yum :)
3	This place has arguably  the cheapest Japanese/Korean rice in town and a nice selection of things so its not terrible but, what was terrible was the food court. If I had the option of rating their food court I would give it a 1. So there I was, I was next in line the cashier lady turned away from me and started saying angry things at the bus boy or the kid who took the trays back.It went something like this.Old lady: Jinhuan u no gudJinhuan: I gud.Old lady: No u no gud,Jinhuan: I rear gudOld Lady: WONGTONGBONGSONG!!!!!!!! U NO GUDMe: Shil lyeh hamnida.... Excuse me....*Stand there with a $20 in my hand... They kept arguing. So I walked away.*I would go back for the Kimchee in the supermarket though.
5	I go here beacuse right outside there is a guy who does car washes from his truck. They get pretty close to detailing your vehicle for a good price. Inside and out. Love them.
3	They have everything I need to make my delicious Korean food at home... but one let down is that they do not have the food court anymore. The food court is completely empty... I'm not sure of the exact details but something with the owner... (being greedy). But anyways, they do have all of the groceries that I need that I can't find at other supermarkets such as Ranch or 199 which primarily caters to the Chinese.
3	Greenland as a supermarket is pretty cool. I do like the variety they provide for people with things such as rice, fruits, frozen items, Korean specialties, etc. The food court though has gone down hill to say the least compared to when it first opened. The food court was my favorite part of going to Greenland and people loved going there, but now the food court is relatively empty and dead now.The supermarket itself is nice. My favorite part is shopping for where all the meat is because of all the different Korean meats you can get. They range from different kinds of beef, spicy pork, and chicken. Their snacks that they have, are filled with variety. My personal favorite are the shrimp crackers! Those are a MUST try. I do like these seaweed flavored chips by Calbee (if I remember correctly). They are different, but a good different for me. It may sound really Asian of me, but I like that they have all the different kinds of rice you can choose from. I like short grained rice, and they do a really good job of having a variety of those. Line things that I didn't like is that they discontinued their rewards program, for whatever reason. I think that was pretty selfish of them, but hey, what can you do about it?This Greenland supermarket has a good court in it, so that has to play a role in my rating. I really really loved the good court. I would go with my family at least a few times a month, and then they started changing. Things became different and less people started showing up for whatever reason, and then the restaurants started closing down. I don't really know what happened, but I was bummed out about it. Currently, they reopened it with a few restaurants up, but it is nowhere near the same as it use to. People who did come during the prime of its life know how it was, and it was amazing. I don't think it can ever go back to being like that, but we could sure hope one day.
5	Every Asian mom's favorite grocery store. One of my favorites, too, for that matter.I get my rice, Asian fruits, veggies, nori, and Korean bbq and banchan from here. Talk about Asian snacks galore. Not enough flavored KitKats but, enough gummy candies to make up for it. They seriously have some of the tastiest (homemade) banhans evs. Love their pickled radishes and seaweed salad.Just recently started making my own miso salmon and they have a ridiculous amount of miso selection that I took 15 minutes to decide which one to purchase.Oddly enough, they best part of Greenland is that they have a food court outside of the grocery store that I can eat various Asian/Korean foods before buying my groceries.
5	On the corner of Rainbow and Spring Mountain, there's a big sign that says Korea Town. And while we can't compete with LA or NYC's version, I'll gladly come to this market for all my bibimap, sprout and kimchi cravings. I'd rather much come here than Seafood City (the Filipino version; it's a cluster fuck and I feel like I'm at a bad family reunion) or Ranch 99 (the parking is the WORST) because it's less crowded, rowdy, loud and better organized.They have a food court and bakery if you're so interested. They have lots of pre-cooked food to take home with you at a reasonable price. I got some 2 sushi rolls for less than $5. Booyah. Although, the employees are alienating and don't really smile, they're quick at check-out and get the job done. Plus, they played Gangnam Style while I looked at a dead fish on ice. Where else can I do that? Whole Foods? I think not!
4	Everything thing you need to barbecue Korean style at your own home. Great marinated bulgogi and other meats, all the vegetables that you need, kimchis, rices and sauces. We stop at this one store and get everything we need for a bomb backyard barbecue. I love it. I'm not Korean, but everyone is very cool there and it has been a great place to bring the kids to explore new foods. My favorite "Asian" supermarket in the valley.Bummer- as of December 2013 all of the food court is a ghost town- weak sauce.
4	This is my favouritt marcket.  Great selection for Korean product, I hope they have more Japanese one as well.
5	They sell endive, dandelion and other super healthy and super good greens for you and very affordable :) however other stuff in there is a little more expensive comparing to other stores in china town ... I'll always have to swing by to buy my green leaves for my smoothies ^_^They also have a variety of Natto which i like also kelp noodles are a must here very affordable  and good for you if you vegan
4	Took a long long time for it to open but after it did, its one of my regular places to shop at ! Not only do they have a grocery supermarket, there's also a wide variety food court (to satisfy your korean or hawaiian? cravings), small shops, bakery, and coffee shop ! Prices are decent. This is THE PLACE TO GO for ALL YOUR HOT POT MEAT NEEDS (sliced beef, chicken, pork, lamb) and of course BBQ too (galbi, bulgolgi, etc) XD i do not go anywhere else to buy meat for hot pot. such a wide variety at a good price ! After 8PM, the "cooked foods" area, the metal cart, i think everything on there (kim bap, jap chae, corn?) is 50% off. good snacks XD
3	Since this is a Korean Supermarket, I come here for one thing. Kimchi. This place sure doesn't compare to HMart or anything similar. If you ask me, I think most of their goods are overpriced compared to other stores in the area.But if I want some good, fresh kimchi then I know I can come here. I don't have to buy the bottle stuff and can get some that they make in house. And I have a plethora of choices. And while I am at it, I can pick up some fresh, hot eats. Choices from noodles, dumplings, sushi rolls, tofu dishes and various meat dishes. Most choices are $5 and under too. For me this is a good spot to come and get some lunch or dinner if you want to pick up something quick and easy. You just probably won't catch me wondering the store with a basket and shopping.
4	If only they were closer to the Henderson Area!!!Not only do they have an amazing grocery, ( I have flash backs of the grocery near Halmoni's house in Osan ),But the food court has so many choices, it's hard to decide what to get.I definite must if you need authentic Korean food items!
5	This place is so essential whenever I go down to Las Vegas for golf. My Korean food cravings are 100% satisfied with an excellent quality food court, clean and organized groceries, and delicious ready-made foods. I especially love to pick up the kimbab, which is among the tastiest. There is a store in the back of the food court that also freshly makes boonguhbbang.  The existence of this place makes my trips to LV a pleasant experience.
1	I go here all the time because the food isn't so bad and it's a reasonable price. The lady in the food court "hot tofu" is VERY RUDE. She doesn't have no sense of customer service. I asked her for napkins when its clearly stacked right infront of her register.. She told me to go to the other ones and gave me a bad attitude. Very stuck up. I asked her "why does it even matter?" And she completely ignored what I had to say.
5	I'm half korean and always searching for my groceries to make homemade food from.... I've always found what I needed and reasonably priced too!! I go in for 1 team and walk out spending $200. Great place!
4	I love korean food so it's no surprise that I like this supermarket. I like how you can get meats for kbbq. It's your typical asian supermarket. I also like how within the supermarket there's a food court, small shops, and a bakery. The bakery inside has great desserts all for under $5! The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because of their kimchi. I'm not a huge stock person, and they happen to fill their kimchi containers with mostly stock rather than the leaves. It also didn't taste as great to me until I fried it. Overall, good place!
4	If I'm in the mood for getting Korean bulgogi this is the place I go and they do have other Asian food besides Korean also they have a little pastry section yummy pastries it's a pretty big market so if you're looking for any type of Asian stuff you might want to check this place out
5	This is one of my favorite Asian supermarkets in Las Vegas. I love Korean food and this place makes it so easy have a Korean meal at anytime. They've got a great selection of pre-made items including all of the little side dishes you would get at a Korean restaurant. Its a pain to marinate any meat just right to make the perfect bulgogi or kalbi and I don't have to anymore. All I have to do is stop here is make a quick stop here and then cook it at home. This place has saved me a lot of headache of trying to figure out what to do for lunch or dinner.
3	This location is ok. Service is friendly. The location seems to be a bit disorganized,but generally clean.
2	Not sure what the deal was or if we came on a bad night but the produce section was horrid. All of the greens were wilted and brown. The spinach was waterlogged and swampy brown. The broccoli was soft and I could bend the stalks easily. Same with the carrots, I could bend them and they looked dry. The napa cabbage was bruised and brown - like someone used them in a recreational activity. Not one thing was fresh. I couldn't stomach buying any produce there. On a positive note, they did have some dry goods I needed such as udon soup base, aji pon ponzu, and udon noodle packets. Other than that, I was able to grab my produce down the street at the Vietnamese SF market - the produce was much more promising. I'm hoping it was just an off night for them and they aren't typically this terrible. I will give them another shot on a different night - maybe the night that they actually get their fresh shipment in.
5	Favorite Korean market. They have everything! The building is very clean, organized, and not crowded at all, despite their large variety of products. The yummy tteok and bakery kiosks are particularly why I make the trip over. Always worth a stop on the way in or out. The lovely women who work at these kiosks are always delightful and value their customers. I will return many times in the future and I would recommend this market to anyone.
5	A specialty Korean market with a mix of frozen, fresh and prepared items. It is a smaller store, but does have a nice variety, including large rice section, fresh seafood and marinated meats. Loved the prepared veggies and Kim chi varieties. Make a fun healthy dinner from my finds.
4	They have everything I need to make my filipino meals if I can't go all the way to seafood city. It's close to where my place is at, on spring mountain and rainbow. It's right across from a target one of my favorite stores to check out when I'm doing errands. Just recently I discovered that they have household supplies in the store. It's awesome and so cheap! Most of the things are written in Chinese so you have got to be careful making sure you're getting something that you could actually use. They had a juicer for fruits and vegetables with seeds that was very cheap, cheaper than a juicer you would find at Target or Walmart. I got my refrigerator handle covers here and they were ao adorable! Only 3$! They have a variety of vegetables and good meat selection. Also they are pretty big in selling Asian snacks and desserts. It is a good and quick place to get things if you live around the area. The parking lot is laid out well. Before you enter the store there's little booths that sell bread and a shop that sells clothes, accessories, and makeup imported from parts of Asia I believe. I believe there is also a U.S. postal service where you can drop of your mail, which is convenient for people who need to do errands as well as go to the post office. I definitely recommend everybody to come check this place out! I believe there's only two or three locations, two of them are in California and there is only one in Las Vegas.
4	I love the Korean Market.  I especially love Hot Tofu Restaurant inside the food court.  You get a bowl of soup, a whole fish, and sides all for $6.95!!!  Best deal in town and so yummy!
4	My favorite, and honestly only, Korean grocery store in Vegas. Not only can you buy close to anything you need to prepare a Korean meal, they sell pre marinated meats that only require cooking. Great to keep around for a quick meal. I love the ramen selection as well as the kimchee, sides, and other food items they sell ready to eat. And if you aren't quite sure what you want they have a food court where you can try different dishes before you buy ingredients to make it yourself. I like to go for a quick meal when I'm craving Korean and don't wNt to do the whole K-BBQ thing.
4	Not a huge fan of the Asian supermarkets in Chinatown but Greenland is different.First off this place is clean! No overwhelming fish smell (99 Ranch!) or messy produce/deli sections. However, the aisles are small and hard to navigate if the store is busy. The aisles aren't organized that well either. Chips and assortments of noodles can be found all over the place. I noticed that the prices on some of the items were a big higher than say, SF Market or Seafood City but Greenland has a lot more selection and variety. For me, this super market is my one-stop-shop for anything KBBQ: The deli/butcher shop features pre-marinated bulgogi, kalbi ribs, chicken or pretty much anything you need.But what really sets this place apart is the food court. Small eateries that make up the food court offer a great opportunity to sample some unique Korean and broader Asian food if you don't have the time to cook it up yourself at home. The sweets/boba spot offers excellent smoothies and the sushi stand serves up freshly made rolls. Definitely worth checking out especially if you are in search for a certain Korean grocery item.
3	168 is my usual Asian market of choice but I decided to try this one for a change of pace- produce section is a lot smaller but this place has sushi-grade fish available in salad-bowl type packs, which I haven't seen elsewhere.In addition to produce, there's the mandatory giant row of various pastas and multiple rows of condiments, along with an insane amount of udon. I liked the ready-made section, with seaweed salad, fried vermicelli, wings, pancakes, and even sushi rolls. (Side note: there's a sushi stand in the food court making it fresh for less.)*Minor irritation at the fact that the soba noodles and the soba noodle sauce are nowhere near one another- in fact, the soba noodle sauce is on a random shelf above the frozen gyoza. Too bad I didn't find it until after I looked through every other aisle with bottles for 20 minutes.And then I was kicking myself to realize I could have asked the cashier, who speaks perfect, fluent English- I think he was actually Hispanic. Guess I need to check my assumptions at the door!*Without the attached food court, I'd have no reason to come here over 168. We'll see which becomes my preferred stop over time.
4	Amazing food court...
4	Full of all food things Asian and other accoutrements, plenty of authentic smells to go along with it. The produce area is always worth a gander as is their meat/seafood counter...very live and squirmy....I can always find that one hard to find 'ingredient' I need to complete my feast!
4	When I did a search for Korean market, this is the only place that shows up in the area.  They were definitely no H-Mart from Cali, but it was the best they got in town.  The place was quite big with a modernize design located within a complex with a mini strip mall before you reach the grocery store.  They even got a post office here.Size is about the same as other ethnic grocery stores like 168 and Ranch 99.  They do have a large variety of Korean products here, like the Korean paste had over 20 plus choices, and tons of brand for soju.  They also have small boxes of the fresh Korean small dishes for sale here.I would definitely recommend Greenland Supermarket if you are into Korean products.  The staffs were very friendly too.
5	Having grown up in Los Angeles  and being korean I am very well versed in the korean market scene. This place is clean, has everything I need, and the food court has restaurant quality food.
5	I come here for pork belly!!! I leave with a fancy bill. I love coming here but it's a quite a drive for me...The food court is not bad at all! Yum!
5	They should call it "wonderland". This place has a little of everything. I really enjoy just coming in here and poking around. They have an excellent selection of Japanese candy and snack foods which I adore. The fish market is really fresh and they have a nice produce area as well.
4	This is the only major Korean market in Vegas so I come here often. They have pretty much everything I need. The customer service could be better. The cashiers never say hi. Also, I don't like how they stopped using the reward card. Other than that, there really isn't any better Korean market in Vegas so this one will have to suffice. :p
4	A generally clean and well stocked market.  It is a plus that it has a food court too.
5	It's rare to find a Korean market in Vegas and we heard about this one so we decided to look around. It was the typical Korean market....it was fun to look around but to me, it's all same since I live around a lot of Korean markets. It was just interesting to find in Vegas. We got our dinner here, dumplings, Korean soondae, corn, fried beef, and a lot of Korean snacks. It was a fun little adventure driving over here and looking around. Will be back!
3	I like to shop there but what ever u do, do not buy anything that is soup, kimchi I have been finding rocks even fishing line in fresh kimchi I have complained about it but almost every time I purchase soup, kimchi or gim bab I find my self chewing on rock.
5	I literally was in awe when I first came here. It's sooo much cleaner than the other Asian supermarkets and doesn't smell like an old aquarium. They have a food court, which I love and is delicious, great portions, a bakery section with ready to eat cakes, breads and desserts, other small stands and of course the grocery part. The produce was fresh and neatly arranged and they have a crazy amount of Asian specialty ingredients! I really like how they have marinated meat at the deli counter as well as sliced and packaged meats for convenience. Ban chan is also available and comes in a wide variety. They even have a small section of ready to eat sushi rolls and bentos. Towards the back of the store there's basically a ramen room filled with any and all types of noodles. And more towards the back are house/beauty supplies and other essentials. I could spend a good couple hours looking through the aisles and testing all the different foods. It's a great grocery store!
5	I feel like I'm not in the US when I'm here, which is awesome!  The produce is really fresh, I can pick up roasted corn tea, soju, random cute household stuffs, tteokbokki and various banchans by the kimchi, they even have marinated meats you can buy by the pound and take home to grill.
4	Snacks heaven!!  omg... i was absolutely lost in this snacks heaven.  All kind of snacks, both sweet and savory snacks.  And the fish section was so clean, i usually hate to go to the Asian markets especially the fish section coz the smell, but this place does not smell! If you are not a fan of fresh seafood like me, they got plenty of selections of frozen seafood such as mussels, clams, shrimps, squids, bah bah bah! ready to cook/eat in vacuum bags!!  Cooking like a pro without stinking your hands! lol
4	Asian snacks, whether savory or sweet, are my favorites. You'll find either of those in the aisles and ready to eat/hot foods at the back of the market. Produce is nice. Home goods section is adorable. Single serving foods for a quick lunch at work you can buy by the case. Meats and seafood you can find seasoned and marinated ready for cooking or unadulterated for your favorite dishes at home. My family will make the 40 mile round trip to Greenland over my weekends without a second thought. I like this joint!
5	Greenland market!One of the few familiar grocery stores I see in Las Vegas.This Greenland Market is alot bigger, more well maintained, and at least have fresh items - unlike most other asian grocers.Bought most of my korean snacks here, and they have everything from fruits/veggies, meats, seafood, hair dye, and home goods like rice cookers! (Just in case anyone needs a rice cooker)They have a bakery right outside the registers, and a small food court. The outside is a row full of eateries! Will def come back for all my asian foods.
4	It is so hard finding a clean and fresh Asian market in the Las Vegas area. Ever since I moved to Vegas I luckily came across the Greenland market. Their produce is always neatly arranged and fresh, along with their many items on other isles.The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because when you need help finding something no one is really around and when you do come in contact with an employee they do NOT smile or have any vibe of friendliness. They just scan your stuff, wait for your money and give your change/receipt to you. Some don't even tell you the price of your products or the change you have back - you need to watch what they scan on the screen.  PLUUUUSSS. When you walk in it stinks. So after you hit the revolving doors ladies and gents, hold your breath until after you've reached the registers.. Unless you dig that sort of scent.
3	Good selection of stuff. It was even open on thanksgiving! They have two snack aisles and lots of fresh veggies to choose from. Their banchan selection was nice but a lot of the stuff wasn't so fresh. The squid looked really old and just tossed in some spicy sauce to hide the quality. It's really different from my usual Korean markets. Sucks that I wasn't able to bring any back home. They have sriracha popcorn!
4	Clean store. Well stocked & organized shelves. Kimchi & prepared  side dishes are fresh. Some items are pricier compared to other oriental groceries, but their quality is better.  My favorite place to go for everything Korean. I'm glad they have a food court.  Fast service, delicious food & reasonable price. We are regulars here :)
5	If you are looking for any type of Asian food item, or any type of Asian item at all, you will find it at Greenland!  My husband looooooves Asian food so we stop in every once in awhile to stock up on Hite and other hard to find food items.  It also give us a reason to go to Chinatown, which is always a good time.  Not only is Greenland a huge supermarket, they also have a food court full of any Asian food your heart desires, a little bakery that makes everything to order and some K-Pop & J-Pop memorabilia stores.  Check it out!!
4	I LOVE this supermarket! Compared to 168 Market, 99 Ranch, and Seafood City, this market is much more clean, well maintained, and I simply prefer the selection here. Expect the selection here to be more pricier than the other markets though. I always get decent parking here too unlike other Asian groceries where it's too crowded and not enough parking spaces. I feel this Greenland is just as nice as the one in Van Nuys.While it is primarily Korean goods, they carry many fresh produce, meat, seafood, and SO MANY SNACKS. I'm in snack heaven here whenever I shop! They also carry bunch of beauty products and home goods on the far left side.Other than standard grocery, they also have a bakery, salon, and a food court here. The eateries at the food court and stands are decent. Surprisingly, the ladies working there are actually very nice. The kimchi in their banchan is always a bit too sour for my taste though.I'll definitely be back for my Asian foods and snacks :)
5	I usually stay at the Hampton Inn near the airport when traveling to Las Vegas on business and this Whole Foods is not too far from this hotel. I will often frequent this place for dinner, and typically take my dinner back to the hotel. And before I head to the airport on my way out of Las Vegas, I will try to make a stop for lunch or dinner to fill up before boarding my plane. You can't beat this salad bar...they have everything! I always feel good about my food choices when I stop here, especially since it is hard to eat healthy while traveling.
