4	Organic and health conscious grocer.  I go for the soy and non dairy stuff which they have a pretty good selection.  Not fantastic but pretty good.  You can find things like non-dairy cream cheese, sour cream, ice cream, So(y) Delicious ice cream, Amy's frozen foods, etc.  It just irks me that they are frequently out of the most popular items for these brands.  Yet they carry a plethora of other things that look like they haven't turned over in months.
4	I was so glad to find the Home Economist when I moved to Charlotte mostly because I use all-natural deodorant, toothpaste, face wash, and stuff like that.  This place carries a good selection and the prices are not outrageous.  A stick of Tom's deodorant at Harris Teeter is almost 10 bucks!!!  Their beer selection is AWESOME!  I have spent quite a bit of time gawking at the rows and taking forever to pick something out because the choices are seemingly endless.  The produce is overpriced, however, and not that great.  But, they do have pre-made food, a hot bar, and lots of yummy cold salads you can get to go.  Now that Talley's green grocery is closed, this is the best place to get veggie-centered food.
3	I visit here often, partially because I keep getting $10 off coupons in the mail.  The produce is overpriced - I saw a head of cabbage priced at over $7 - but some of the specials are good.  They have a coupon handout that you can pick up and some of the coupons are for one or two dollars off, so it is worth the hassle.  I have picked up prepared foods here before and been satisfied with them.  It's definitely not as upscale as Earth Fare, and I do prefer Earth Fare, but it has a unique vibe.  Lots of bulk items, fresh ground peanut butter, fair trade coffees, lots of personal care items and cruelty-free cosmetics.  There's a lot of good stuff in the frozen section.   There's also an area to sit down and eat or have a coffee.
2	This store makes Earth Fare look like Walmart prices! I'm all about healthy eating and living, but not at the price it takes at the Home Economist. Geez, if you aren't a conscious consumer this store would leave your bank account empty!I have my staple items and know the prices at various stores well. A box of emergenC at Home Economist is almost double ($15) that of what you would pay somewhere else ($8 on the high end). A bottle of my one daily vitamins is marked up by $20?! I just kept getting surprised at the overpricing. The produce department is very small, but they offer a lot of bulk items. At some point in my browsing experience I was completely disappointed that a store that gives the image of healthy living would advertise such out of reach expenses! The outside of the store does not indicate that it is Home Economist...rather the Healthy Store (or something). Again, going back to the prices, I'm just shocked especially considering that it may not be as much overhead as a location in the South Park area. Stars for offering healthy options, but lack of more due to being way too overpriced and not being spectacular enough to justify.
3	Apparently it's called "Healthy Home Store" now.Since I don't have a Whole Foods for my random vitamin/herb/remedy needs, I am glad to have this store as back-up. GREAT beer selection, as mentioned. Tried a hot wrap from the front of the store. It wasn't labeled, so I had to ask what it was. The meat inside was gristly and tough. They were offering samples of Stilton...but had none in stock. Employees ran the gamut from exTREMELY helpful to oblivious.  Clean, good variety of brands, and, well, healthy. Hence the name. :-)
5	The Healthy Home Market is a vital Charlotte resource that must be protected...that means you need to go shop there.  And by that, I mean you need to go shop in the beer section.  HHM had good beer when it was Home Economist, but since the name change, they have totally stepped up their game.  They have a wide selection of beer -- it may not be as vast a variety as what you'd find in a warehouse store, but it's like they took only the very best of everything.  They have lots of organic beer.  They have an emphasis on local or regional breweries -- today I bought an eastern NC dunkel-style brew and a crazy thing from FL called orange blossom pilsner.  I am just waiting for the hour of decency to roll around so I can start consuming them.The other thing HHM in its new incarnation really excels at is gluten free products.  They have the best variety of gf items in town, and they are always adding new stuff.  And of course they are one of the only places in town where you can still buy bulk herbs and spices.  I go in there with very specific missions for items that aren't sold anywhere else in town.  I avoid the vitamin/supplement section -- that's where their markup seems most extreme.   For food and beer though their prices are no crazier than Earthfare and sometimes they're much better.
4	It's true that the products can be expensive but if you're in need of that one healthy item for whatever reason you know they'll have it. GOOD:* Excellent healthy selection (vegan, vegitarian, gluten free etc)* Inexpensive yet high quality classes (some are only $5 a class) go here for more info ttp://www.hemarket.com* Extremely knowledgeable staffBAD:* Can be expensive depending on what you are buying* Not the best location in Charlotte but still safe to shop inUGLY:* Only 2 stores in Charlotte. Need more!
3	Yes, its one of them fancy schmancy, pricey healthy/natural/organic/vegan grocery shops.  So you know what you're buying into when you go inside.Well then, why on earth would you go inside?  Here you go:-If you switch over to the natural (or at least, slightly more natural?) cosmetic bandwagon, you've got a wide selection to choose from here.  Some of their brands aren't all that expensive, no more than Olay or the like, and depending on who you believe, they are better for you in the long run so okay.  Lotions, eye creams, even makeup needs are covered here.-Newman's own stuff.  Specifically, Newman's popcorn.  Loves it!-Bulk grains, nuts, dried fruit, legumes, etc. Next time I'll have to stop by the carne and see if they do the whole grass fed thing.  That would put the place into my regular rotation.  I don't eat a whole lot of meat so when I do, I'd prefer it to not be the type that contributes to antibiotic resistant superbugs.  Oh yes, and the beer.  But plenty has been said about that already.
4	Thank God there's a Healthy Home around the corner.Listen, I won't shop there for produce - I can get better and cheaper at the farmer's market or even at Harris Teeter (whose produce selection continues to improve), but for bulk items and for vegan specialty products, it can't be beat.When I need Earth Balance "butter" and/or shortening, I go to Healthy Home.When I need barley or cornmeal or quinoa, I go to Healthy Home.If I can't find it at Trader Joe's or the 'Teet or Berrybrook Farms, I'll go to Healthy Home.  (And they'll have it.)
4	In a world where we don't have a Whole Foods (yet?), I am thankful we have Healthy Home Market. They have everything that a standard healthy, organic market could have but with reasonable prices. They have a HUGE selection of kombucha to choose from along with a pretty sweet selection of beers and protein powders. Like others have said, I pass on buying produce there since the prices are a little jacked up but the prices for fresh meat arent bad at all. They have a smoothie and sandwich bar where you can get it made right there along with prepared meals to take home with you. And they have bulk bins with a wide variety of oats, nuts, grains, etc which are super cheap---two thumbs up!
3	I like Healthy Home Market's location and selection, but it is way expensive.  It truely feels price-ier than Earth Fare.  They have some great deli items - pastas and such but at the price point you might as well go out.  Their produce section is small but the products looked appealing and undamaged.  Their supplements and natural living section is extensive - if you are into that you will probably be excited to check it out!
4	This grocery store has better pricing than Earth Fare and about the same amount of variety.Their beer selection is awesome and reasonably priced and they have a lot of specialty drinks (like kombucha and Honest Tea).For your organic and vegan/gluten-free needs, I recommend shopping here first.
4	Really friendly staff, nice mini raw food selection, and pretty good pricing. Really yummy green juice bar, make your own too!
4	I'm thinking that if Harris Teeter and While Foods/Earth Fare had a baby, we'd have this Healthy Home Market.Much nicer (in terms of atmosphere) than its sister store over on Independence, this grocery caters to those looking for whole foods and special diets, such as gluten-free or vegan.  They also have a deli and juice bar that caters both to veggie friends and those looking for more traditional fare.  Highlight here, like it's sister store, is the humongous selection of bulk foods and spices, sold by weight.  This is where traditional grocers usually make their margins, selling you either too much or too little at a premium price.  Here, though, you can buy just as much or as little as you need, usually at a fraction of the pre-packaged price.  They have everything from prepared trail mixes to Himalayan salts.  Whatever your dietary needs, they likely have some options in these bins.  I also appreciate the fact they have many different sizes and types of containers and bags to choose from to hold your goods.  Especially helpful for the spices.Like others have said, the produce section is small and, while organic mainly, it can get quite pricey.  They do have occasional specials that are worth checking out.  Bonus here is the large number of community events this grocer puts on inside its store.  Not only do they have a community room for speakers and alternative health practitioners, but they occasionally turn the whole store into sampling room that is no joke.  The wine tasting last month was just stocked with vendors and samples from wall to wall.  Next month they are doing a beer tasting.  Do like them on F'book or subscribe to their e-mails for the details.  Just a warning: get there during the earlier times as it can get quite crowded once the event gets going.
4	While I get what Will H. says in his review about this place being the baby of HT and Whole Foods, I've got to disagree on a few levels and here's my run down of the place I've been stopping at for years:#1. The selection here is great for anyone looking for natural, but if you're looking for something that might have a touch of something not-green, you're out of luck. For example, there is no hair spray in this place. Fair enough, just go to CVS or whatever, but this is 1 reason that I don't shop here a lot.#2. They've got a really large prepared foods section, with everything being made fresh but sadly lacking spice! I've tried the chicken salad (OK, but dry), the pimento cheese (Andre makes it, it's good but not WOW), the chicken burrito and ceasar salad wrap (both super dry and sad), and the raw spring rolls (excellent!). So it's hit or miss there, but you can always ask for samples of anything in their coolers!#3. The staff here really likes what they do and it shows - nicer people can't be found working in a large store like this, it's very Trader Joe's happy staff like, which is fun for me as a shopper.#4. The advice given by the staff is 2nd to none - they're thorough, honest and intelligent. Have a question? Ask away and ye shall receive!#5. The beer and wine selection is GREAT! Lots of cold brews waiting for you and they always have a bottle of great wine at an even better price.All in all, a great place to stop for a few natural things or a quick lunch on the go but if you're planning on doing a full grocery trip here be sure you know what on your list you might not be able to find here.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this little grocery store. I love the fact that it's close to Southend, very quirky in nature, and offered an array of yummy samples (including free beer- woohoo!)You can tell that the people who work here really have a passion for the local market- which is always nice to see. I did find it a bit odd that a guy serving us beer was proudly proclaiming that they have a large stock of Gluten free products ...um hello beer in hand- I like my Gluten thank you...but I suppose that's good to know. A jaunt through the grocery store told me they had a really nice selection of pre-cooked foods (yummy looking deli sandwiches and pasta dishes). They also had a pretty impressive selection of beer. The produce looked pretty nice- most of it was priced correctly. I balked at their frozen foods prices - you will pay much more for these products than you would at Harris Teeter. The pay-off is they seem to have a pretty nice selection of "healthier" frozen dishes.
5	Went in the other day and found out they give case discounts on cat food, making it cheaper to buy the pointyheads their fancy food at HHM than to order it online.
4	I can't really believe I had been in Charlotte for a couple years before going to this store.It's true that it's a little pricey for your every day grocery shopping, but man, this place is great for people in and around uptown (including Plaza Midwood) who need a Whole Foods/Earth Fare type store without driving to shopping mall land.The most impressive aspect of this store, to me, is the bulk food selection.  They have an astounding variety of dried fruit, nuts, grain, teas, spices, etc.  I loaded up when I went.  You can buy a jar of paprika at HT for about $4.00, or you can get the same amount at Healthy Home Market for about $.50The beer selection is otherworldly, truly impressive, and they have a lot of wine, too.Big, big relief to find this place finally.
4	If you dig organic, healthy and/or natural foods you must give Healthy Home Market a try. I concur with other reviewers that this is a great place for specialty products, as if you try to fulfill your entire grocery list here you'll either a) spend a boatload of money and/or b) you'll miss a few things that you may need (toiletries, certain branded foods, etc). Beyond the pretty produce, natural dog products and sweet selection of local eggs, my favorite section is the pay by pound nut and snacky section. I know - I find the most unhealthy place in Healthy Home Market and latch on to it. But really, the chocolate covered nuts here are incredible -to the point where I'll be nomming away on them in the car during the 5 minute drive home. Don't judge me. So, yes, I fully appreciate Healthy Home Market's presence in South End. It beats the drive to SouthPark for Eathfare (and in a few years, Whole Foods) plus there's a real community feel about it when they host plenty of free tastings and events. Yay for Healthy Home Market!
3	This place is basically an organic food store. Very similar to a Whole Foods or a Wild Oats. Lots of specialty products, organic foods and drinks. A little pricey, but most of these type places are. Now, on to the most important part of the store... Beer, the beer selection is actually pretty good for an organic/health food store. There was probably 15 - 20 doors worth of beer. No real shelves devoted to beer, just the refrigerated doors. I did see that there was quite a bit of older bottles, but overall the selection is quite nice. I was unable to find anyone working that was knowledgable to ask questions. The beer pricing was pretty competitive.Overall I would say that this place is worth a visit if you are in the area, I wouldn't go out of my way to stop here but a decent find none the less...
4	A great local, organic and healthy food store...I have been to both locations in Charlotte and even though he store on Independence is much closer to me I prefer this store on South blvd. it's bigger and has a greater selection of prepared foods.  You will love this place for theiraw foods prepared by amazing raw food chefs. Try the tirmisu!  They have a great selection of organic produce and gluten free products.    Need vitamins?  great prices and an incredible selection - if your not sure what you need just ask one of the expert staff members they are very knowledgable. This is the place to come for bulk items - flours, nuts, dried fruits you name it they probably have it in stock.
4	I love this store! My only complaint is that I always end up spending too much $$$.  I love the vast selection of everything from chocolates to dog food to beer and wines.  I also love the bulk spices -- definitley an economical way to spice up your life.
3	Well, the great thing I like about the Healthy Home Market is that it's quite large and they have a great selection of items.  They really have a good selection of interesting wines and local and organic beers.  They sell some good items in the display - their barbeque is pretty darn tasty.  I also love their wide selection of bulk items.  They also have a lot of different vitamins and protein powders.My biggest complaint is their prices.  I always spend a fortune every time I go here.
5	Love this place!!! It's a beautiful local market and it has an enormous Gluten Free Section!!! Reasonably priced too!
5	I attended the Raw Foods Class taught by Ami.  It was fantastic!  I learned something new that I was able to utilize.  Ami was a great demonstrater.  He had to leave the room to get things that he forgot, but it didn't matter because he had the sweetest sense of humor about it.  I enjoyed his gentle and unrehearsed delivery, plus, this man can cook (or, uncook, rather).  The samples were delicious and plentiful.  Today, I made the raw chocolate fudge from the class and discovered, "yes, I can!"  I will definitely attend future classes by Ami, plus, I will buy the ingredients from Healthy Home Market (which I think is the plan), but I love that store anyway.
4	I rarely visit Healthy Home Market because its above my pay grade but it is a great place for health food enthusiasts. They have a lot of unique products, many yummy raw snacks which are what I usually buy. The bulk section is huge, their beer selection is also surprisingly solid for a grocery store with a neat section of local brews. The location on South Blvd also has a smoothie/juice stand and all the smoothies and juices that I have personally tried have been deliciously.
3	I usually go to the store located on Independence Blvd because it's closer to where I live.  While the prices are high, they do give a 10% senior citizens discount on Thursdays, which helps oldies like me!  Also, while the overall prices are high, you can't beat the prices for bulk items.  Herbs and spices are a fraction of what you'd pay at a grocery store.  Also, I have gotten addicted to the multi-green kombucha and there are very few other places that sell it.  I wish they hadn't changed their name though.  It was always  The Home Economist and that is what I still call it!
4	I ended up at this store to attend a new hair product demonstration that was being held in the store's community room (I can't say no to free samples!).  When the demonstration was over I browsed around the store and was pleased with what I saw.  Not only was there a wide variety of organic and natural foods and beverages there were also health, home and beauty products.  I was most excited to see all of the different hair products for us natural haired gals.  Can you say hair product heaven?  I kid you not I was in that aisle for about an hour.  The staff was equally great.  They were really nice and they even mentioned when some of the products I was looking at would be on sale.  Needless to say I'll be going back even if there is no sale.  What ever you could possibly be looking for this store has it!
4	The old Home Economist is now Healthy Home Market.  I like the upgrade as they seem to have cleaned the place up a bit and the staff is well versed in what they offer.  The deli area is not the best, but I do like that they sell items from local businesses (Honey Butter Bakery, Beverly's Gourmet Foods, etc). What impressed me the most was the large section of natural hair care products, that alone is worth a trip for me.
4	Walking in through the door I am greeted with samples of bourbon salmon and slices of dessert bread, cheese and dips. Yum! On many occasions there is a store wide food tasting going on beckoning for my attention and free nibbles!  I Navigate the bulk food selection of granola, cereal, nuts, grains, dried fruits and vegetables, gluten free flours, specialty snack mix, dry pasta, beans, and specialty vegetarian mixes of all sorts providing a good 20 minutes of time killing (as if I am in another world) while trying to figure out what to take home and try. If only I was independently wealthy!  I am in healthy food heaven! Since moving from from upstate New York  Healthy Home Market has that  Wegmans feel making me right at home. One trip and I was hooked!  Browsing each aisle I see many labels containing locally produced in Raleigh, NC, Winston-Salem, NC, Greensboro,NC and Charlotte, NC present itself on many occasions how refreshing! This also includes the plethora of beer selection in the back.Diving more in detail healthy home market is best known for its large bulk food ,ample vitamin and wellness selections. In addition HE also has a tasty selection of prepared foods similar to Earth Fare but not many folks seem to know this tasty tidbit. A side note about the bulk selection:if you have not sampled the sprouted almonds please head straight to nut selection and sample some of these buttery nibbles (plu code 354 - yes I know it by heart because they are that addictive) and I do mean buttery and crunchy. One sample and addiction is soon to follow! Healthy Home Market is the only place in Charlotte selling them by bulk for a reasonable cost! On a side note I love the eclectic non presumptuous feel of HE and the numerous free health workshops they offer on a monthly basis. If you are seeking a healthy grocery store to get most of your shopping completed I recommend checking out HHM.It really is worth the extra minutes of investigation as well as the price tag.The four star rating is due to the limited dairy/yogurt/cheese selection every healthy food supermarket needs to have.  I will continue to support this local business despite the fact that whole foods will be right down the street from where I reside. Local is more important than convenience.
4	Local, Farm Fresh, Organic!South Tryon Street is the best location of all their stores. One of my favorites and I'm a regular here. Check it out.PS - They make smoothies
3	Good selection of organic and gluten free products.   This location is a bit run down and found moths in two separate containers, ( Cookies and  the bulk nuts)
5	Wonderful food selections for all types of diets and allergies, Awesome classes and community events, Friendly staff
3	Earth Fare reincarnate I think?  That's my initial impression as I browsed up and down the aisles and as I made my way to the beer aisle.  I do like the feel of the place and even though I was there for a mission to find some specific beer I'd like to go back and dig a little deeper into all they have to offer.I've since noted that they do have several wine tastings here.  The interiors here are just a little lacking but I think they've done the best they can given their location and the adaptation of what was once a crappy grocery store it appeared like to me.
4	This supermarket with a focus on organic, phosphate free, gluten-free, sugar-free and anti-biotic free foods is spendy and packed with stuff that is probably very good for every part of your body except your wallet. Produce area is pretty small (no cucumbers?) but it is more than made up for in the deli and store-prepared foods that are ready to heat-and-serve at home.We've used this place for a specific brand of dog food that doesn't seem to be available anywhere else.I'm not sure how often I'll be back - this market is smack dab in the middle of a part of Charlotte where there isn't a nearby Teeter, Lion or Bi-Lo. I'd say that Whole Foods has nothing to worry about.
2	I live in east Charlotte, and I shop at the Healthy Home Market on Independence at least 3 times a month, so I know  that store quite well.  A friend took me to the one on South Boulevard last month, and I did NOT like that store!  The main reason I did not like it was the sales staff!   Not knowing the layout of this store I had to ask where certain products were located.  And my friend doesn't frequent any of them, so she too, was having diffiuclty finding things she needed.  EVERY clerk we approached acted like they didn't know much more than we did and futhermore didn't CARE that they didn't know much about what they sold, where it was located, and if they were going to get more of the products that were sold out!  I said multiple times that I would NOT come to this store again!  The staff at the Independence HHM doesn't set the world on fire with exuberance either, but next to this bunch, they all need to win  customer service  awards!  (I have a suggestion-let's KEEP the name Healthy Home Market for  the South Boulevard location and return the name of Home Economist to the one on Independence Blvd!)
4	I work nearby and head over there for lunch several times a week.  They have a grab 'n go area, as well as soups, cold sandwiches, etc.The beer selection (my favorite thing) is amazing.  The entire right side of the back wall is a cold case with hundreds of craft beers (and some crap beers like Coors lt, etc).  I salivate everytime I go in, looking at all the stuff I want to try)Overall, its great!
5	Love Healthy Home Market !Nice market atmosphereFriendly staffOne of the only stores that still sell spike! I can only find my Polenta here as well!They sell a large selection of flour and saltKangan water (must purchase)They have a salad bar and a smoothie/juice bar as well. Love their beet juice!If you haven't been...GO!
4	Awesome Hummus. I come here for my teas, vitamins, local honey (horrible allergies), and random items I need at the time, like aluminum foil (they have 100% recycled!). I love that they also have various wines and beer. So this literally can be my stop for anything. Very nice inside. I saw someone getting a pretty nice massage in a chair. Just a cool place :)
4	I am a fan of good health food stores. These guys are helpful and informative.They have a calendar of different things you can learn about foods for the month.(I suggest checking it out)The prices are a bit cheaper than a larger chain health food store. (but considering the other guys prices are pretty high... ;-) )I love there meals on the go. I had the unfortunate situation of having to live in an extended stay while my Apartment passed it occupancy inspection.  I just loved that all I had to do was to pick up a meal and I was good for lunch or dinner.We as americans tend to eat more than we should. I found the take and go meals about the right size. Though someone who is seriously working out will need to take 2 meals .... Just my 2 cents.
5	They have a good selection of wheat free foods and other specialty items
4	For Chef Ami and Chef Rian introducing me to gourmet raw food here 4 years ago, and changing my nutritional profile forever,  this place get's 4 stars.For the regular (though pricey) grab & go raw food gourmet options available , 4 stars.Chef Ami-El and Chef Rian get 10 stars though.
1	Do not waste your money on this place. I'm a long-time vegetarian, and frankly, I was pretty psyched to finally make my way to this store, thinking it was like a whole foods without all the hype. Even more, I was so excited to see a lot of my favorite brands well represented... But what makes this place a total waste is the bulk foods section. Few weeks back, I was eating the raw nut mix and I found a mealworm in the mix. Totally gross, and 10 bucks down the drain. Tonight, I reached for my Mekong flower rice and found the air tight container to be swarming with little brown insects - totally disgusting. Then, thinking, ok, yogurt pretzels, surely these are safe - nope, stale as stale can be and one even tasted moldy, Do not waste any money on this place - the bulk foods are infested with insects and anything else with a brand name can easily be found at a more reputable location.
4	So here's the deal, my coworker always keeps a lot of granola at her desk and somehow I always end up munching off her stash throughout the day. Well, my guilt finally got the best of me (basically because I finished more than half the bag) and I asked where she picked up her granola so I could get my own and stop taking hers....she laughed and said  "Healthy Home Market"Say...what???Yep, totally a fan of this place!Still being a "newbie" to the area....I'm a little ashamed to say I've driven by this place numerous times and never knew about all it's awesomeness. Well, my eyes have been opened and I'm sure that this will easily become one of my favorite places to shop for my healthy goodies. They have so many organic and natural options!!! Yeah! But my favorite part is their BULK variety. Get as little or as much as you want and the options are endless. I mean of course there's granola (haha) but also, oats ,nuts, snack mix, beans, dried fruits and veggies and so much more!!!I left with so much stuff and even replenished my coworkers stash! I cant wait to go back!
4	Great Slection of natural and organic foods and a great price to go along. The fresh, local meats/fish are outstanding, once again, reasonably priced. Great supplement selection. And one of my favorite beer selections in CLT.
3	A decent alternative to Whole Foods- but way less organized with a much less knowledgable staff. We got all of our organic fruit here, coffee, some meat, oils and a defuser, almond milk, you know... the essential stuff. Pretty basic, right? It seemed that the butcher had no idea how to use a scale (asking my boyfriend how much the piece of meat weighed- WHAT? We're just magic and can read meat scales), the lady near the coffee grinder needed to ask someone else for assistance when we wanted to grind our coffee beans, and when I wanted to look for coffee filters I seriously had to stare at the display for 10 minutes before finding them hiding at the bottom. Oh well. The food is actually very good- delicious filets, vegetables and fruit, from what I have eaten so far. I live across from a Harris Teeter and I honestly don't know if Healthy Home is worth the trip.
4	A pot of gold for local, organic, gluten-free, healthy, hard-to-find items.I love that a portion of the items they carry are local- on a recent visit scored both local chicken and duck eggs.Fantastic juice and smoother bar is at the front left near a small area with tables and chairs. Their prepared foods make for an easy lunch or dinner. Their hot tea section is expansive - go for homopathic meds and organic health items. Their meats are fresh and not to be missed esp the ground boar and ground elk. Yup. Its a small space jam packed with a lot to discover. Expect to pay for quality and their selection as well.
4	I love this store!!!  HUGE craft beer selection - you will not believe it until you see it.  Lots of local beer selections too.If you are looking for organic anything you must stop in.  I found organic and regular produce.  Gorgeous fresh selections of greens.  There is a deli case with meals and lunches to go in case you are in a hurry.  The meat counter sports local preservative-free beef.  Pricey (per pound the same is cheaper if you buy it from Block and Grinder's meat counter) but worth it if you are looking for healthier options.  If you are looking for more veggie and tofu alternatives of hot dogs etc they have a huge selection.  We loaded up on nitrate-free veggie dogs.  Yes it is a bit more expensive but your health is worth it!!  Love it!  :-D
4	This is a wonderful alternative to whole foods, but I do love whole foods! The outside doesn't look like much but inside is amazing. I love organic, clean foods and this store delivers. One difference is their beer and wine selection is a good but larger than whole foods. They also have a juice bar that makes fresh juice and coffee. My favorite part is their medicine section. They have a ton of homeopathic remedies and I enjoyed sipping my fresh made juice while going through them. If you're and Whole Foods/Earth Fare fan give this place a look just to branch out.
2	Had bitter carrots both times I had a fresh juice.  I went on Sundays and they must get fruit on Monday cause there were way too old local strawberries, moldy local blueberries. The cantaloupes were rotten. The honeydew were small,1/2 the size of one I got for the same price at whole foods. Twice I bought leaf lettuce that had decay or mold on the inner leaves.   The non local strawberries I bought got mold while refrigerated for 5 days. Definitely wont buy produce here.  Whole Foods may cost more but I've never gotten anything but very fresh produce there.  Not sure what a vegan tuna salad wrap is but they had one. I am guessing this place is good for vegans cause they had a lot of cool vegan products. They had good prices on frozen elk,wild boar, and venison. The price of grass fed  beef was good too. The new york strip steak I ate was excellent and 100% grass fed. The staff were friendly but not highly aware of their products.  I try to support the local merchants but whole foods has a much better overall product and only more pricey on their fresh meats.I rarely but things from the vitamin area but it looked pretty big.
2	Great selection of products, fairly expensive but about the same prices as other health food stores.  However the staff overall is apathetic and unfriendly.  I visit this store every couple of weeks and each time I go in no one greets me, and if I ask where something is the staff appear annoyed to be bothered and point me to the aisle.  The cashiers are pleasant, but no one looks happy to work there.   I expect that kind of customer service at Walmart, but at a place where one can easily spend $100 on two bags of groceries I sort of expect better staff attitudes.
