4	Annie is always very hospitable & she's a hard worker. Former server now the owner. The Pho here is excellent. I am Vietnamese & am very picking when it comes to Pho. Everything I've had here is good except for the eggrolls. Tried it a couple time with previous owner when it was Pho Rainbow. It wasn't any good so I never order it anymore. Bun Tom Thit Nuong & Lemongrass chicken are my favorite. So happy to have a nice Vietnamese restaurant close to Mt Edge. Use to go to Jenni Pho(pho there is no good) but now I'm a fan of Pho Annie.
4	My girlfriend is Vietnamese and we both love good Vietnamese food.  Annie has done a great job on making this place her own.  The food is very good, good prices, and good service.
5	Special Rainbow Pho please! Broth soooo good!
3	I am pleased to see Pho places creeping West.  I do not like to drive all the way to Chinatown whenever I have a hot soup craving.  Pho Annie is cute inside.  Clean. Pho, egg rolls, and iced coffee were A-OK.Nothing better or worse than your average Pho place aside from the slighty nicer ambiance.  Service was short,  and generic as expected.I'd go back anytime to warm my belly and soul with hot soup.
4	I love their Mango Salad, its my favorite on the menu.  Its green mango julienned into pieces, topped with lots of shrimp and flavored with fish sauce.  I like to add in some Siracha to give it a little kick, yuuumm!  I got to try something else other than their pho.  By the way, their portions are enormous.  Every time I've ordered, I can only finish half the bowl.  So this time around, I tried the duck noodle soup.  I thought the duck was going to be the itty bitty pieces of duck, but these were large portions.  I'm talking fat pieces of meat on every bite.  It is served with clear noodles, the thick rice vermicelli.  I think next time I will ask for egg noodle or pho noodles because those noodles are hard to eat.  They get stuck together and when you take a big bite and try to bite it off, that wasn't really working for me so I just had to slurp up whatever I scooped up.  LOL.  Service is great here, they are actually pretty quick everytime we come here.  I definitely recommend this place.  They also take Credit Cards, unlike the restaurant down the way when you have no cash.
4	pho here is the best on the southwest side of town. ive been to many pho places around town this one is definitely my favorite. the bowls here are big but i eat alot so i actually ask for extra noodles. ive had the potstickers, chicken wings, egg rolls, spring rolls, pad thai. porkchop and rice, egg wrapped fried rice, rice vermicelli bowls and obviously the pho. the pho is my favorite here followed by the fried rice. my only complaint is the checking out service is super slow. when its somewhat busy it takes the server a little while to get me my check. but other than that i definitely choose this place over jennipho. that place is no good and they dont take card. thats a demerit in my book.
4	This pho place is very close to my house. I go there pretty often. Very friendly staff, I always get the egg roll, best egg rolls I had in vegas pho places.
4	This place use to be called rainbow pho until one of the servers purchased the entire restaurant.Pho Annie is a great place to grab pho or if your into the meat dishes like the grilled pork chops.This is located on the west side for all you west side peepz!My friend and I ordered the Chicken Pho and I ordered the grilled lamb chops with rice and egg. And for appetizers we had the fresh Vietnamese wraps.Our food was amazing, service was great, greeted with a smile and acknowledge you as a returning customer.cannot complain much about this place.
5	So Michael Jackson was a thief who stole his music.  One of his greatest hits actually originated in Vietnam... notice the similarities below??  Hmmm????Pho Annie Are You OKSo, Annie Are You OKAre You OK, Pho AnnieWell that was weird....Anyway, this restaurant is more than just okay, it's one of my favorites.  The dishes here are really big.  The all star is the pork chop, w broken rice and egg.  Add egg rolls if you want to get really cray cray.  Be warned, this dish is BIG.  I wonder if the broken rice is bought broken or they break it in the restaurant, message me if you think you have the answer, I am curious.Restaurant has the sweetest staff.  Ingredients fresh.  Portions big.  Prices fair.  What else do you want?  This place is a winner in my book, so glad it's by my work.
4	I didn't know this place changed owners, but I'm a fan. I liked the previous place, but like this one even more. The broth was so flavorful. Deep, rich, and aromatic broth with a good punt of noodles and meat. Hands down my go to pho spot in the southwest!!!
2	It's Pho. Nothing special but I really wished the chefs don't spit when they're in the kitchen.
4	Love this place, come here almost once a week...
4	Neighborhood Pho Restaurant!  I think the food is pretty good, price is fair, and large portions.
5	I went here on a recommendation from a friend.  I got the grilled pork with rice and to eggs over and that was good my wife got the bun Bo hue  and the soup was delicious.  The shrimp spring roll was fresh and could of used more shrimp in them.  We also got the three color dessert and that was great also.  We got the shaking beef dish for my son and he like it a lot .  Definately going back again.
5	Excellent service and delicious food
4	So, we've been here at least once a week since moving into the neighborhood.  The owner Annie is bubbly and reminds me of a younger version of my mom.  Are her dishes as good as my mom's? Hmm, not quite, but who's ever is, right?? Anyways, I've tried the chicken pho (pho ga), crab soup (bun rieu), grilled pork with rice (com thit nuong), combo beef pho (dac biet) and  the roast duck/wonton egg noodle soup (Mi Vit quay).My favorite? For sure, the roast duck and wonton noodle soup- which is more of a Chinese dish than Vietnamese BUT, it actually is pretty damn tasty and I don't have to drive to Chinatown each time I'm craving duck :)But all the other dishes are actually not bad either- I've had bad pho before and theirs is not bad at all, in fact, it's good enough that I actually brought my mom there!  Let's just say it started off a little rocky with mom, but overall she said it's pretty good and that the soup base for the wonton noodle and her chicken pho had lots of flavor. Guess that's a win :)
4	I had the chicken rice noodle soup and it was good, so was the fried eggroll. My husband had the chicken curry soup, I didn't care for that very much. Their thai coffee was good. I would definitely go back.
1	Horrible service. We walked in when it was empty to order food to go for work and it took 10 mins for anyone to even notice us. After reading the great reviews I though the food sounds like its worth the wait. When I got to my job our pho had none of the chicken or meat that we ordered so we only had the noodles and broth. I immediately called back and explained that I couldn't come back at the moment but what their procedures were for this. The guy told me that they were busy so to come the next morning and they would refund me. So I went and the owner Annie went completely crazy shushing me out saying that the guy who answered the phone didn't know what he was talking about and saying she didn't care what he said that she's in charge and she can't help us. I'm always very understanding but the manager clearly doesn't care about her guests.
4	I like it...its not amazing...buts its simple and affordable.  Large portions at an affordable price and a small step ahead of Jennie Pho.  That's good enough for me when eating lunch or take out.  FYI, I am half Vietnamese and know what the cuisine should taste like...this isn't great...but this isn't Houston, TX.
2	My Husband and I decided to try Pho Annie instead of our usual Jenny Pho down the street.  The Pho dishes we ordered were great but the service at this restaraunt was absolutely horriblee! I asked for lemon and the server said they didn't have any but limes instead. Those never came. I asked for napkins, she said okay but never returned with those either. Was not friendly and when refilling water would overfill so that ice and water spilled and didn't say a word about it. Overall the server acted annoyed like she was doing us a favor.These are just a few things that happened. Ir's such a shame, the food is great but the service not so.
5	As most places like this I am always scared about food poisoning. But I am here to tell you Nay Nay. Awesome food. Low pricing. And no trips to the hospital. I go at least once a week now.
5	A favorite for us! Ask fir the Satay!! Spicy, rare steak, noodle soup to die for! And Annie is rad!
4	Salt n Pepper Calamari? Yes please! I love this stuff and it's on point at this spot. NOM! Crispy. Salty. Tasty!!! The broth for the pho here is fantastic as well! It doesn't even need any extra seasoning added to it, but what's pho without some sriracha??!! Decent prices and closer than China Town now that I'm in a new 'hood.
4	I walked in and I found myself awkwardly standing in front of a family trying to enjoy their meal. Although the place is not very large, it can accommodate small parties quite comfortably. I can never find myself to stray from my usual bowl of Pho and that is exactly what I ordered. I usually frequent Pho So 1 but this place seemed like it deserved a try and I'm glad I did. I will probably choose this place for my Pho fix if I am coming from home. For ~$8 (average price), I had a good sized helping of noodles and meat. The broth itself was slightly oily for my taste and there appeared to be no MSG. I enjoy Pho both with and without MSG, but I do prefer without because of the cotton mouth feeling I get after eating MSG. So the verdict? Long wait to be seated, long wait to order, long wait to receive the check but my patience probably needs practice anyway. I'll be back, pho-sho.
5	I'm digging their vegetable tofu pho! To die for! #AnniePho @LasVegas_Now YUMYUM! Best pho place @LasVegas_Places
1	We come here even though Jenni Pho is closer for all our hangover needs but this past Sunday's visit just might be our last. Walked into the restaurant and was not even greeted for over 5 minutes even though there were workers here and there just looking at us... My man finally walked up to a server and asked if we could sit in one of the empty booths.. We sit.. takes another 10 minutes just to get water and menus.. After a few more minutes pass my boyfriend tries to get one of the server's attention but we are told to "hold on..." At this point we are so irritated. We walk out he gets a cheeeeeburger from next door and I got my pho from Jenni Pho. UGHHHHH the restaurant is small and was not even that busy.   Annie you need to step up your game because the service here gets a big fat F~!!!
4	So whilst traveling on the Pho circuit, this out of chinatown eatery which is close to my house is a surprise.  The Pho is decent here, but the star is the Bun Bo Hue (spicy noodle soup).  Better than most others I have sampled in Vegas, the rice plates are good too.  The service for me has been fine, as I get waited on by Annie herself alot, I haven't seen that "other" guy.... but then again I'm used to the "service" from the asian joints so I am a bit more forgiving.... So in a pinch, this spot works for me, but give the Bun Bo Hue a try...and don't let the pork blood squares or the pig's feet pieces scare you, just try it.....there's worst and scarier things you could eat......Ciao!C
4	No longer will I need to travel all the way to china town for good pho.  This place has everything that you would expect from an Asian restaurant.  Great food, oriental atmosphere, servers that barely speak English and mediocre service...lol.To compare the food i'd have to say its a little better than Pho Kim Long, except for the calamari.  I don't know what Pho Kim Long does to their calamari but theirs just can't be beat.   Annie's Pho however is extraordinary; always on point.  Most pho for me is a hit or miss on the broth (e.g. jennie pho) but Annie has never disappointed.  I like the fact that they include the soup with all their rice dishes as well.  So I never have to order a big bowl of pho if i just want the soup.  Very convenient for me.  The main difference with Annie is that its just once size bowl.  So you have no choice but to have a big bowl of pho everytime.Oh and they have duck... i love duck.  It's not on the menu but for those in the know, know.  The have pho with duck as well.  Nothing fancy here, just a quarter duck served in pho, but i still like.Their portions are bigger than Pho Kim Longs as well.  Their Charbroiled Pork Chop with egg comes with 2-3 pieces of pork chop and 2 eggs compared to Pho Kim Longs 1-1 1/2 pieces and one egg.  Oh and its cheaper too.Spring rolls are pretty much the same as everywhere else.The Mango Shrimp Salad is a must have every time I go there.  Sweet with a little sour and just oh so good.Annie is usually there, i take that back, Annie is always there making sure everyone is being taken care of.  I always like to see this in a small business owner.  She puts in the work.  Some of the other employees...eh...not sure if they are all their sometimes.  This one server, my gf spoke to him in Vietnamese and in English and he still didn't understand.  We had to point and use hand signals... really weird.  He was good at keeping my water filled though.  I know we've all experienced the server not understanding you in these kind of restaurants so I can't really explain.  Its part of the experience I guess.Food takes a while sometimes but everything is made fresh and they come out sporadically.  No waiting till every ones food is ready.  You just gotta be ready to eat when it comes.All in all I have a 4 star experience at Pho Annies on the average.  If it wasn't for the  delay in receiving the food and the random slow acting server i would have given it a 5.
4	Being new to LV I have to get used to the Asian spots....thank goodness for friends!  It's a ways from Chinatown, it's actually on the south side near 215 but well worth the drive!  Reminded me of some of my Pho spots back in Houston. Thai tea is so bomb!! I need to go back!
5	This is my absolute favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas! Their prices are so cheap for the amount of food that they give you which is literally a huge giant plate. Although I'm a pho kind of girl, their broken rice dishes are absolutely delicious. This will always be my go to place for pho and Vietnamese rice dishes!!!
5	Currently my favorite Pho. So that alone gets 5 stars.The Pho Satay is really good, I think that isn't on the menu, but it's very very spicy too.The crispy noodles is very good.Curry chicken is very good, but no bread! A nice french bread baguette is so common with this dish, and it's all it would of needed to make it perfect.The Vietnamese coffee is often too sweet, so I ask for lite sweetness.The Pho here is better than: - Pho So 1 - Pho Kinh Do - Hue Thai - Pho Bosa
4	Awesome food for great prices, just make sure your thorough when ordering (point to menu, pictures etc) as English isn't their first language, we received something we didn't order. Awesome Thai Tea, Pho, spring rolls & egg rolls. The squid wasn't great, fried, and lacked flavor.
4	I love this place! I just tried Pho Annie with couple of friends the other day and have been here now 3 times this week for lunch. It's fantastic in my opinion. I'm only giving it four stars because I've only had pho at handful of other places. Otherwise, this would definitely be my first five star review.I've seen reviews that service sucks at Pho Annie, but I have no idea where that's coming from. Have you been to Jason's Deli? Every time I come to Pho Annie (well, this week) they greet me at door in about 2 seconds and take my order within 2 minutes. Within about 5 minutes after you order you have your food. This place is sick. I've been getting the steak and beef brisket pho (I think it's #16 or #17 on the menu). It's great and in pretty ridiculous amounts for only $6.99. You get a crazy amount of the soup and noodles plus the standard sides (bean sprouts, jalapenos - ask for more - and fresh Thai basil). It's just like sitting in the streets of Saigon or something the produce is so fresh . Freaking awesome! One my friends ordered the #1 (or as it seemed - mystery meat combo).  It was only described in Vietnamese on the menu. As a big fan of Thai food I figured from experience this was probably organ meats...and it was. Basically tripe, tendons (which look like wieners of an unidentified animal) and some roast beef in thin slices. If you're not adventurous, I wouldn't go for it your first time. It's also great that they don't ask you what you'd like to drink. They bring you water and that's what you have. I love that you don't have to make a decision between Pepsi or Sprite.I also love the fact that  the ambiance is somewhat questionable. I'm pretty familiar with the area having lived in Spring Valley for a while and worked in the area as well for sometime. Everything in that area is very generic and nice - and incredibly boring. I hate that and prefer culture over comfort. The decor is sort of like Asian restaurant meets depressing IHOP booths, which I like a lot. However, it's incredibly clean, but small (love that).Nevertheless, the kitchen is open viewing for all customers and looks really spotless with fresh sprouts, jalapenos and basil in full view. I love Pho Annie and will probably come back for a long time. It's an awesome place with awesome food and awesome service. I'm sold.
1	this place was just ok. the pho was mediocre, egg rolls were good, i got a pineapple smoothie and it tasted like it was made with rotten pineapple. seperated before i could even drink any of it. probably wouldnt eat here again unless there was no other pho place open. much better pho resturaunts in vegas
5	Bomb spring rolls! Who knew there was a Vietnamese restaurant away from China town! Amazing food!
5	After a long weekend of athletic adventure, drinking, and the road trip home from CA, Annie Pho was just what we needed.  When I don't feel so great, pho is the magic potion to make the boo boos all better.  Annie cured me right up with some of her Roasted Duck Pho.  Bf opted for his beloved Rare Steak Pho, which he gave a thumb up to between slurps and noodle chomping.  The broth is solid.  This was our first time visiting since it changed ownership from Rainbow Pho.  Our friends tell us that this place has consistently good broth, which is not always the case for many of the pho competitors in Vegas.Service is great for dine in.  Water glasses are promptly addressed and food is delivered to the table as soon as the cook places it on the service counter.
3	When the craving for pho hits and I am stuck at home, this is my go-to since it is in the Southwest. My first time here was during lunch on a Monday. The place was COMPLETELY PACKED. Every booth and table was taken which was very surprising, but in the end, our food came out promptly and service was the usual for an Asian restaurant (I'm Chinese so I'm allowed to say that). We ordered 2 bowls of the house specialty pho and the pan fried seafood noodles. Everything was SO good. The noodles were fried into a bowl shape and had a lot of shrimp, squid, fish, and an abundance of veggies (which I love). When you smash the fried noodles & stir it up with the seafood sauce, they turn into half crunchy/half tender noodles. The consistency was so good that I barely got a couple of bites in before my kids gobbled it all up. The pho was pretty good with the meat all very tender and not chewy (like when you just chew so much and force yourself to swallow because it's not falling apart enough, no, that never happened). The broth was good, although I tend to just take a preliminary taste before I dress it up with japalenos, lime, sriricha, and hoisen sauce. The second time we went back was on Mother's Day at about 6PM. There were only 3 other tables there? I was wondering if I had missed something & if this place was closed down by the health district or something prior to our visit. Hopefully not. This time around, we ordered boba milk tea (75% ice, stop being so stingy), and the same order as last time + spring rolls. The spring rolls are standard, but served with extra lettuce to wrap around the spring rolls. Sure, I'm down to eat extra lettuce whenever I can, although others may not like it. The pho was the same as last time, but the seafood noodles were different. They had beef in them and bbq pork. It was lacking most of the seafood in the "crispy pan fried seafood noodles", and just tasted way different. I'm going to go again and order all the same stuff and decide if I should keep this spot on my radar. I wish the food was more consistent, but for now, I'll say it's alright.
5	My favorite local Vietnamese food! Springs rolls, pho tai chin, pork chops, Vietnamese coffee(strong) are among my favorites.
4	Small but packs a big punch. This is such a good local neighborhood spot, its just as delicious as the more popular Pho Kim Long but the service is way better. It's not too pricey, most dishes are in the $6-$9 range and the portions are huge so get your gut ready!
3	It was good. My only complaint would be the 5 Spice Sauteed Squid. I asked for "light oil" but when I got home, I found that it was tempura fried! What? Pan or deep fried is NOT sauteed and when I asked for light oil, the server should have told me that is impossible because it is a fried dish. It did taste pretty good though,  didn't taste any 5 spice though. Tasty pho and decent mango salad even though most mango salads are not as ripe as this one. The mango is usually crunchy like green papaya. Better than Jenni Pho, which is greasy as can be.Will be back.
2	Bleh. That's all I can really say about this place. The food is sub par. The service is horrible. The only upside? It's close to me. We got seated, and ordered two waters and one hot tea. We received one water and one hot tea. When the waiter came to take our order, I once again asked for another water. When they came to deliver the dipping sauces for the egg rolls, which was about five minutes later, I once again asked for another water. When they delivered our egg rolls, about ten minutes later - I once again asked for another water. When they delivered our main course, about a minute and a half later - I once again asked for a water. FIVE TIMES. Five times of asking to get a simple glass of water. Seriously? That's so ridiculous. Also, the fact that our appetizer came out only a minute and a half before our entree, is ridiculous to me. That's not quite the point of an appetizer - but ok. They were decent in taste. The pho was alright. Broth was very oily and not too hot. Flavor was there though. All in all, no thanks Pho Annie. No thanks.
4	Finally a decent pho restaurant near the house without driving all the way to chinatown. The food here is actually not too shabby, but the service is typical of any asian restaurants LOLZ, doesn't bother me one bit. The service has gotten alot better over the past year now that they have more staff, so they are getting better.      The location is perfect for those of us that live down south. Infact It's so close to the house, that I could even walk there haha. I would have to say the food is above average so I can't really complain, I've tasted worst in chinatown. The price is actually pretty good in comparison to other pho restaurant that's why we come here frequently. Been here probably 20 times by now and tried pretty much EVERYTHING! Like I said, overall food is DECENT, service is OK but location is PERFECT.
2	Okay, so I have a Pho craving like twice a year...called this place about 9:45p asking to get take out.  Lady told me they close at ten so I told her my order and she didn't want to accept it because she thought I would have gotten there after 10 haha. Denied! So, obviously I'm never going there I told myself if they don't want my business...but out of convenience and considering a vegetarian friend we went and it confirmed my prejudice. Waiter told us they do not have a vegetarian broth, which the chef easily took care of after we told him to ask. He didnt know what kind of fish that they would put in a seafood veg soup. Friendly but knew nothing. Food was average. Safe to say I will not be satisfying my random Pho craving here again haha
1	Blech! Can you just say this is pure disgust? There pho broth tastes so bland that I might just as well have water as broth with my pho. On top of it shitty service does really accompanies with their food quality.   The lady owner is such a b-i-t-c-h she was taking my order, and giving me attitude when I was asking about the sizes.  Crappiest Pho place I ever been to in my life!!
5	I've eaten Vietnamese foods all my life. Luckily, there's a pho restaurant near my house. Normally, I'd drive down to spring MTN to eat good Vietnamese foods, however, there's one so close by my house. I ate a few times here and I loved every single dish they have. I go here regularly now because the  foods are great and the people are nice and sweet especially Annie, the owner. Please try it yourself and you'll love it!!! Overall, this place deserves 5 stars from me....keep up the great foods!!!
4	You guys got it all twisted..the food here is pretty decent..although I will agree that the pho is not top notch the other dishes definitely make up for it..try their grilled pork and egg rice dish. Vermicelli(bun) is bomb and and Chinese dishes like crispy noodle chow mein is delish! Service is just like any other Asian place don't expect too much..the owner definitely is working on that part because there was this one lady that used to wait on us there and she sucked...went in there last week and the new guy is cool..(im a regular)
4	Their food was good, the soup had deep Vietnamese traditional taste. Pho Annie was different from other Pho places I've gone too. Although the service was good and the food was also good, I wish they could be able to serve alcohol here. That would make this place perfect for dinner.
5	This place has some good pho! The staff here aren't the most polite (you'd know what I mean if you have Asian aunties), but don't let that affect your visit! For example, the owner, Annie, was looking for fish sauce for another table that somehow did not have any. She happened to notice the full bottle on my table, so she reached over my food with no clear "Excuse me" or "Thank you" (same thing when she came to put it back). I thought it was funny, but I am familiar with this type of "mannerism" so it didn't bother me at all.My favorite dish on the menu is the crabmeat and tomato pho with vermicelli. There are nicely-sized clumps of crabmeat (Fresh? Imitation? Who cares?), peeled shrimp, wedges of tomatoes, sausage slices, fried tofu, and beef liver, garnished with green onions and what I think is dried fish shavings or something. The broth is bright orange and not spicy at all. I always order this with some Thai Iced Tea. For each soup, they also bring out the usual side of bean sprouts, sliced peppers, mint leaves, limes, etc. I also like their egg rolls and spring rolls with peanut sauce (yummmm!!!). The food usually comes out very quickly, unless they are very busy... which sometimes they are.The dining area is long and quite limited in seating. There are booths along one side of the wall, with a few tables near the front. The interior is nice and dimly lit with a TV on either end of the room.Overall, I'd rate this 5 stars based on their menu and location. If you can look past their "mannerisms" you'll really enjoy it here!
4	Im so glad i found this place! I used to go to jenny pho but they just kept getting worse and worse. When i tried this place i fell in love with their broth. They have the strong taste and i love that. Also, their customer care was exceptionally good and they give you big portions. I would definitly recommend this place.
4	I was a bit skeptical of coming to a Vietnamese restaurant in the southwest away from some of my favorite places in chinatown, but my friend convinced me to try Pho Annie...and I'm glad that I did. This is definitely a hidden gem in the southwest area of town when you do not want to drive over to Spring Mountain/Chinatown. I had the Pho Dac Biet (basically the pho with everything) and it was a good sized portion and very flavorful. There was a good amount of meat and noodles and definitely enough to fill up most appetites. We also got the egg rolls which come as 4 eggrolls with lettuce to wrap. They were also quite good.I am looking forward to going back to Pho Annie to try some of the rice and dry noodle dishes that other reviewers have talked about.
3	In search of Pho in Las Vegas. We tried this place based on the Yelp reviews. The decor is very nice and the service was great. For me it is all about the Pho. The broth in Pho varies from place to place and the broth at Pho Annie just isn't my style. For others it may very well be exactly what they like but for me it didn't hit the spot.
5	Food was legit, The staff was very cool, we got white boy love.
5	Regular customer here,the pho,spring rolls,egg rolls,pork chop over rice are awesome, no need to drive to spring mountain anymore, willing to recommendation to neighborhood!
5	Just because a place isn't in China Town, doesn't mean it can't be as good as them. Such a cute little place with the best fried rice ever. It's wrapped in a giant scrambled egg. I also had this type of dry noodle dish with bbq and shrimp in it. Definitely plan to keep going here on rainy days.
3	Ok place for pho. The place is kinda scary at  night. It is hidden in a dark area. I felt like I might get robbed coming out of there.
3	I just tried this place for the first time since jenni pho was closed for what looked like a deep cleaning of their whole restaurant. The great thing about Annie pho is the service was good and friendly (you never know how the service will be in places like this). However I was disappointed with the pho, the broth wasn't as rich to me and a little too on the sweet side. Overall the experience was good but the pho just wasn't for me. They accept debit and credit cards which is nice!
4	I like this place. The atmosphere is nice and the food was good.  We had a very nice waiter .  The give you a good size portions.  I was only half way through my pho and I was getting full.  There chow fun is really tasty. I will be coming back here when it starts getting colder for the tasty broth.
5	Service is great.  This place is clean and seems organized.  Unlike other Vietnamese restaurants with empty condiment bottles on the tables or missing utensils.  The food smells and tastes delicious.    Annie has really done a great job with the place and food!
5	HUGE menu! The broth is fantastic. Pho makes everything better. The egg rolls and spring rolls are also amazing. Try the duck pho if you wanna get crazy.
3	When I have my cravings for some hot pho ,.. Annie pho is always my first call. They broth is delicious, the rare meat is fresh and the flavors all combined is like pho-king heaven in my mouth. The only thing I don't like is they always make me feel rushed. I usually order it to go, but even when I am picking up my order they make me feel like they have to hurry to the kitchen or something. That's the only downfall. But other wise the pho itself is delish!!!! I will be back... Maybe tonight!!
5	I usually go to Jenni Pho to get my pho fix, but wanted to try this place since it's a block closer to my house than Jenni Pho lol.Friendly staff, very clean and fast service. I only order one type of pho anywhere I go & it's the rare steak pho. Broth was really good, and I felt like they had a pretty good selection of food. I will definitely be coming back here :)
5	They are now my favorite place for Vietnamese pho restaurant period.. great food fast and cheap..order everything because it's all good
4	Good food and very affordable and big servings wow! And it's near my place to. Check it out you won't be disappointed.
3	Man talk about feeling sick and craving pho this was the perfect choice the soup was best I've had yet they were busy but still gave me the customer service everyone wants everyone greeting me and made sure my pho was the way is like it tip try the brisket bowl it will satisfy your hunger.
4	Have you tried their beef stew? Hmmm hmm hmmm hmm hmm.  The beef stew noodle soup was so good that I probably won't ever get anything else. I love beef stew and since they threw some noodles in with the beef stew it made it like no other beef stew I've ever had. Was it the best beef stew I've had? No but it was different and very enjoyable that I wanted more. Technically its pho, it was under the pho section on the menu but I wouldn't call it your typical pho it was thicker, I dont think Ive seen any other pho place serve it, and I won't add those usual pho ingredients and hot sauces. Those in the group who ordered the pho seemed like they enjoyed it but I already know what I'll get here.They make other non-pho items like various pad thai and various Asian dishes which looks good from the pictures. The prices are reasonable and a decent place 3.5 star. It does feel and look like a dirty place. I'm a little curious how the health place feels about Annie Pho but if I didn't get sick I'm OK with going here again. There's not a lot of pho places in the area so I'll throw them in my rotation being all cold outside right now.
5	very friendly friendly and attentive staff considering how busy they were. Good food, reasonable price, good pho.
4	The food is pretty good but not as good as the ones closer to Chinatown. I would usually just go here to get my pho fix since it's a close proximity to my home. The service is adequate & I never have any problems with having to wait for so long to receive any service. I also like the smaller environment because it doesn't seem as crowded as opposed to the ones in Chinatown which is something I personally like about the place.
1	No good.. Eat pho few times a month. This was one of my least favorites. Broth was like warm water.
4	This was probably the nicest Pho place I've been to in Las Vegas. It was decorated with nice (but fake) lush greenery everywhere and made it look so inviting the moment you walk in. We ordered the steak Pho, summer rolls and pot stickers. I only tried the potstickers and I'm glad I did! Highly recommend this item if you come here.
1	Was not impressed, ordered the wonton soup, noodles smelled old and the wontons did not taste good. Nice servers though.
4	This is my new favorite pho place that's not on Spring Mountain. I'd give more stars, but my first server treated me like a gringo, and you can't order a 1/2 order of spring rolls. They actually messed up my order at first(I'm not gonna complain because they gave me too much tendon), but they fixed it perfectly. I almost didn't have to add fish sauce to my broth, because it was so well seasoned. Easily the best pho in Mountains Edge.
4	My go to place for pho in Vegas. Small place but they do it right. I get the BBQ pork pho with won tons and add a squirt of hot and Duck sauce. Perfect.
4	FINALLY! I have found a place where I can truly enjoy a nice bowl of pho! If you know anything about my pho searching journey in Vegas, you'd know that I've been pretty disappointed with every experience I've had at a Vietnamese restaurant thus far. But eureka! Pho Annie does it for me. First off, we need to cover location because it is not an easy find. Complex is rather odd. It's almost like the complex curves toward the street with Pho Annie tucked on the inside hidden from the street view.  Just look for Chee Burger Chee Burger, it's in the same complex.Restaurant isn't large 5-6 booths on the left, 3-4 tables on the right. First visit was during lunch and it got packed fast. Second visit was on a Sunday night and it was much slower. I order the Annie Special pho that includes all meat additions (tripe, fatty brisket, tendon, meat balls, flank). In Houston, we are given the option of small bowls or large bowls for pho and this would definitely be considered as the large bowl. The bowl costs around $7. I order the egg rolls as an appetizer and they're great -- comes with 4 large egg rolls. Keep in mind pho doesn't take long to prepare at all so your main course will most likely follow the app within 5-10 minutes. It's really hard to describe the taste of the broth. All I can really say is that I truly enjoyed it. It had the perfect amount of flavor and I actually sipped on it after I ate up everything else. And if pho isn't your thing, they have a wide selection of other dishes. Can't go too much in detail of that for ya cause I didn't pay close attention.. sorry!My favorite pho place so far! The only downfall is you have to spend a minimum of $10 to use your credit card.
4	Finally a pho place next to my home besides jenny pho! I really did like the food compared to all the other pho places on spring mountain ( I've been to all of them).The meat was very tender and kinda melted in your mouth. The broth was amazing and I almost finished everything in my whole bowl. The prices were pretty standard compared to other pho places. The reason I gave it a 4 star is because my pho took forever to come out! The other pho restaurants usually have my pho out in 5 minutes. Annie took about 15-20. Nonetheless it was worth the wait and the service was pretty good.
4	Veggie pho is vegan, gluten-free, and includes broccoli, bok choy, carrots, black mushrooms, green onion.  No msg.The veggie broth is very plain, though.
4	I'm pretty hungover so take this review as you must.Ordered the spring rolls, thai tea, and rare beef steak pho. Spring rolls were fresh but the mint leaves slightly overpowered the rest of the roll. Thai tea was smaller than what I was used to getting for 3 dollars but it was delicious. The pho was very good. Broth was full of flavor and the noodles were pleantiful. What can I say. If I was 100 percent right now this place would probably be a 5 star. Oh well baylife.
1	Incredibly annoyed with the service tonight. We've been going there for over a year now (even back when it was called Rainbow pho) and the food and service have been great (but we usually go for lunch)... Up til tonight.... They sat us at the table n forgot about us, and even took orders for people who came after us. We asked for three waters, three different times before they brought us two waters instead after they served us our food.  Asked for some more napkins that never came.. I would try to get the waiter's attention and it was like we were invisible. Soup wasn't hot and honestly this is one of the worse service I've gotten from any restaurant. Guess we will NEVER be going back there for dinner again..
2	I've been coming here for years since it was since Pho Rainbow. Pho Rainbow was amazing. Extra rare beef and meat, a big plate of bean sprouts, yummy broth that tasted like it was actually stewing in bone marrow. And the biggest plus was that it was 10 miles closer than driving to Chinatown for pho.Sadly, this isn't the case anymore since staff and management changed for Pho Annie Since it changed, food quality can't compare:**Broth seems like it's from the pho broth powder. Not as much meat. Small oval platter of sprouts and mint leaves. Not bad. Just mediocre. It doesn't stand out compared to Chinatown.**Pan fried noodles aren't really Hong Kong style if that's what you want. They use a thicker canton type noodle (instead of thin egg noodles) thats drenched in brown sauce. It's literally a deep dish of noodles with soup filled halfway. Fish taste fishy. (We all know then that it wasn't fresh fish I was eating)**DEALBREAKER: In the summer, I had Che Ba Mau (3 bean Dessert) that I noticed something was off. My groupmates seemed to brush off my , "does yours taste different to you?" notion while we were there. I finished it halfway before going to discard it but my boyfriend took a bite and gave me the weirdest look....the coconut milk in my dessert was SPOILED. It was sweet but had a sour taste that I took in for "normal" because of restaurant variation.He even gave it to his whole family to try to which they all looked at me in awe cos I actually continued to eat it.  I was so embarrassed.OVERALL: It's not the worst pho place, I'm sure. It's just that I keep returning hoping it would return back to its glory days. But they seem to let me down. This place is okay for a craving fix, but if you have the time and gas, I'd rather go the extra distance for Chinatown quality.
4	Small local Pho restaurant. Better than others from a food and ambiance standpoint. Don't know if I'd drive across town for this place but I live nearby and I will most certainly be back. The sprig rolls there are much better than most other similar establishments I have been to. The sauces were also much more flavorful too. Our server was good too a young lady with tattoos and a bold personality.
4	Delicious pho broth and an excellent beef chow fun. I like that they have other non-Vietnamese options on the menu in addition to the traditional stuff. Ambiance is nice, lighting is much nicer than Sammy Pho. Could use some music though. Staff is friendly and attentive.
3	This place is good! They are pretty friendly and service is quick. When you walk in, you don't immediately get the overpowering pho smell as with most other pho restaurants. Their pho bowls are not bad. I would travel further into china town for a better bowl but this place is closer and more convenient. Decent portions of meat to noodle so no complaints there. My family orders take out from her quite often. It's enough to split into two good sized meals.
4	Our first time here! And def will come back...our new go to pho place in sw from now on:) The food was great and there's a lot of servings!! This is close to my house too!  I gave 4 because there are no servers available when we needed something, they are all in the kitchen unlike jenni pho which is nearby also have more servers to accomodate you!
4	I used to eat at Jenni pho but since I found this restaurant, I have eaten here every week. There are not a lot of Vietnamese restaurants on Rainbow and on this side of town, but this restaurant is stand out. Their Bun Bo Hue is the best in town in my opinion. Very authentic!!! All of the rice dishes are great. Pho is much better than Jenni pho. Wonton soup is great. Hu tieu Bo kho is decent. Alot of noodle though. The service is fast.I only gave 4 stars because the hu tieu satay was not good.
5	Well done. really impressed with the rare beef soup or pho. Added a touch of siracha and lime to it and viola. Amaze balls. Perfect flavors with the added bit of heat I needed to clear the sinuses. Great cleanse for my hang over. I will be visiting again soon next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Very friendly staffs for Asian restaurant.  Lemon grass chicken was pretty good but Bon Bo Hue is definitely a must try.
1	Food was good... but service was horrible.   Waited and waited and then waited some more while everyone around us was served almost immediately.  I just wanted some good noodles while visiting.  If I lived here, I would never go back because of the service.
4	A good Pho restaurant in Vegas?! Can it be??Yess!! It's about time that I write a review about this place. I live right down the street so you'll find me here for dinner if I'm too lazy to drive out or cook for myself. Their location is great for me, but for the masses they are at a huge disadvantage. They are located on the south side of town, 20 minutes or so away from Chinatown, which is where most people who seek out Vietnamese or any type of Asian food will go. They are also hidden in a complex where there storefront cannot be seen from the street.When it comes to Vietnamese food, I am quite spoiled. I grew up on my grandma's homemade Pho, so most Pho restaurants in Vegas don't even compare. Pho Annie though...hits the spot! Satiates that craving. When I order a bowl of Pho, I like it to be perfect without me having to add any of the condiments available. Hoisin and sriracha should be a dipping sauce for the meat not to flavor the diluted bowl of broth that some places try to serve. Of course everyone has their preferences but regardless the foundation of the dish has to have substance to begin with. Their broth is perfectly balanced...very hearty and full of flavor (but not salty) unlike many other restaurants that will serve diluted broth or broth that tastes like MSG. The noodles aren't soggy or undercooked and the vegetables are fresh. Everything just comes together. Service could be better, but Vietnamese restaurants are notorious for awkward service. The servers do not look you in the eye when they are talking to you or taking your order. They most likely won't be checking up on you. HOWEVER...you will get your food within 5-10 minutes...which is nice. If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese food, seek Pho Annie!!
5	Tell me why I've never heard of "Pho Sate" until I came here?! I came in the other day expecting to order my usual rare steak pho but was wanting to try something new. I told the waitress (who I'm pretty sure was Annie herself) that I like the broth of bun bo hue but not all that crap in it. She quickly suggested the special, Pho Sate, and oh man .. it was life changing! A delicious spicy and sour beef broth with pho noodles and flank. All these years of sirracha drenched pho .. only wish I knew about it sooner.  The spot is nice a clean, and the staff is usually friendly and attentive. I've tried their appetizers and rice plates as well. Good food all around!
5	I ordered the Pho Tai it was delicious! Some of the best I've ever had! Near my house so it wasn't a far drive. I will definitely be bringing my family here!
3	Located on the SW side of town, on Rainbow, near Windmill. Not really a place you'd go to normally unless you live in the area. Small little restaurant, owned by Vietnamese-Chinese owners.Was told this place was decent, as was also told that their portions are the "largest" in the city. Came here for lunch on a saturday afternoon. Friend was there waiting already but after i arrived, waiter came up and took our order. Didn't take too long for the food to come out. She had ordered a rare beef & tendon pho (#18?) and i ordered the combination pho (#12?)Combination pho - $7.99? - various types of sliced beef, two slivers of beef balls (yeah slivers.. imagine a beef ball... and cut into.... 1/8th's...), and a piece of tendon. Meat and noodle amount wasn't bad. To me, seemed a LITTLE more than the usual from like Pho Saigon 8 or Pho So 1, but those two definitely didn't have meat balls in their combination pho's. The broth, not exactly msg free. Reason i say that is, if it was a real made broth, you usually dont feel like you have phlegm in your throat, causing you to do the *eh-hem* kind things to "clear" it. Wasn't a soup i'd drink completely like some other places. Rare beef & Tendon Pho - $6.99? - this wasn't my order but from what my friend said, she didn't get that many pieces of tendon (disappointing for her since she loves eating tendon). And to her, it didn't seem like much of a size difference compared to other places. NOTE - minimum credit card charge is $10. Overall, not a bad place, if you are in the area. I'd probably pick this place over the other place down the street (Jenni Pho)
4	FINALLY found a pho place near me so that I don't have to drive down to Chinatown. I came in with my bf for lunch on a Saturday and the place was packed. First thing I noticed was that all the customers were regulars (good sign!). This lady (assuming is Annie), went around and chatted with all the customers like they were family. +1 to service. I ordered the pho dac biet and the bf ordered the beef noodle soup. I really enjoyed the broth for mine but as Andrew C. mentioned, it was probably laced with msg. My inner Chinese could just tell but thankfully I'm used to msg. The amount of noodle was good however it was lacking in some of the meat and tripe. I really like tripe =( and there was literally 1 beef ball... it was cut in half. Not a very tasty beef ball might I add. We also ordered a side of fried egg rolls. They were fried well however I didn't like the filling.. the bf however loved it. So if you're ever in the area and want pho or if you're just deciding between Jennipho or Pho Annie, ALWAYS PICK PHO ANNIE.
4	Intimate spot for pho.  Selection of Thai food and pho soups.  The service is typical for pho places I have to say, but better than Chinese spots.  Just sayin!  The pork chop with broken rice and egg is a must if your not in the mood for soup.
5	We enjoy a good pho place..! Typically these places are not that nice (aesthetically), but don't let that be the judge of the food. This place, however, was really nice place. The service came sincerely, food was great, and the price was about a $1 less than most pho places I have been too.
5	I love this place for lunch.  Most of their food are authenticate enough, even for a Vietnamese dude like me.
4	Definitely coming back. Phantasy hair salon recommended this spot and I have to say. It's pretty good. Being from LA, around the SGV we are surround by the best pho in the the world!!! So whenever I travel to other cities, states, country-- I try their pho. I have to say Pho Annie lives up to SGV standards and is definitely the best pho in Vegas IMO. Plus I don't have to deal with going to Vegas Chinatown. Definitely try Pho Annie's special pho and ask for the spicy broth (if you like spice). And you can't go wrong with the mango salad (effin good!) and the egg wrapped fried rice! The place is small but very clean and the service is VERY FRIENDLY! Absolutely better service than the pho spots in LA. lol
4	The pho broth is delicious. I also ordered their mackerel and chicken wings ... tasty. The service was attentive and fast.
5	The best Chicken Pho I've ever had!!!!!! The only Pho I did not have to add hoisin sauce or siracha.  Amazing without it!
4	Good pho in the southwest, favorite of all of them. I wish they would remember our order when we come in. I can't ever tell if they remember us even though we are there once a week to every other week. But other than the typical way you are treated at a pho place the food is good and quick. Would recommend anyone in the area to their restaurant.
3	Firstly let me say I wish there was a 3.5 star rating on yelp. Because this place is def a 3.5. Not quite a 4 but not a 3 either. So I defaulted to 3. I grew up eating viet food in northern cali, so id like to think I know what good viet food is. Its starting to get pretty hot outside so Pho is out of the question,  so I decided to get some refreshing viet items. I had the shrimp and pork spring rolls and vermicelli w grilled pork and egg roll. Everything tasted good enough but felt as though could have been better. For instance the spring roll had great fillings big shrimp and freshly cooked noodles and lettuce but really lacked on the pork side. The vermicelli dish had alot of meat but had way too much vegetables for the amount of noodles I received. id say I received 50% meat, 35% veggies, and 15% noodles. The flavor of the meat was great, very tender not much fat *which is nice bec most of the time thit nuong is fatty* , most of this i could get past buuuuut the nuoc mam (fish sauce) that came with it was pretty bad. It was really sour, too sour, seemed like they needed to add more fish sauce and sugar to take the lemon bite down. Kinda killed the whole dish for me, as that is a staple thing in Bun. Hence why I leaned towards a 3 versus a 4. I think that it would be a great alternative to Chinatown for the southwest folks like myself, if they had a couple little tweaks. That being said having been to ALL the other Pho places in the southwest, Annie's the clear winner. Ill definitely be back to try their pho, but probably wont get any dish that requires nuoc mam.
4	Awesome place. Usually a return customer of the very popular Pho Kim Long, due to convenience. However Pho Annie is small but family owned, fresher and with better customer service. (not amazing but compared to Pho Kims usual carelessness is an A+) Tried their chicken pho, meat tasted fresh and broth was definitely on point. IMO if the broth isn't just right, I'm not a fan. Would definitely come back. Prices are also average and not high at all, typically pay 7 to 8 bucks for a bowl of pho
5	Since I am the duke here I should at least give a decent review. I'm telling you guys right now when it comes to pho I am a super pho eater ive tried it all in Vegas. Their broth here is the best and that's what matters when I eat this. Don't be scared though to try other things because it's all good..me and the wifey have tried alot of stuff here and it's been great from egg rolls, spring rolls, chicken wings, crispy egg noodle (pan fried noodles), their grilled pork and porkchop, chow fun,beef stew, egg noodle soup,papaya salad, lemon grass chicken.you name it weve ate it..also price is so cheap for what you get as well Bring the family out for a great meal and not hurt your pocketbook im all in anyday of the week.
5	Best. Vietnamese. Egg rolls. Ever!!!! Vietnamese egg rolls are my favorite things and I've tried many!!  These were perfectly crisp on the outside, with the filling perfectly flavored. I ordered take-out and they were still perfect 20 minutes later!!  I highly recommend this restaurant!!
5	I picked up pho here on my way home yesterday. I called ahead and the guy on the phone was nice enough and got my order on the first try, which is rare for phone orders with the language barrier. LOL. He said it would be ready in 5 minutes and luckily I was just 5 minutes away. They were a bit skimpy on the meat and tendon, but DAMN that is one good bowl of pho. I ALWAYS have to drench my broth in fish sauce, but I didn't have any on hand and realized I had forgotten to ask for a side. But thankfully the broth was perfect just the way it came, and I only needed to add some sriracha. I daresay this is the best bowl of pho I've ever had. I will be coming back to dine in and check out this horrible service I keep hearing about...Hopefully it's just a myth from some picky yelpers. ;) oh yeah, and other food items!
5	Delicious. This place has authentic cuisine. I love it :) their bun reive is their down side. But the rice plates are huge portions and the pho satay is really good.
4	Service was horrible here because they only had two waitresses. They took orders, bussed the tables, I mean do they cook too. Hire more people. The service was like drive through service. Also they took a long time to come take our order. Food was really good. If service was better, 5 stars.
3	It wasn't great but it wasn't bad either. After reading the yelp reviews for this place, I decided to stop in since I'd been craving Pho lately. Walking in the place was small and I was seated immediately. They didn't seem to have an extensive menu but then again, you don't always need that. I ordered the Seafood Pho and it came in a fairly quick time. I ate it all but it didn't blow me away. The broth seemed fairly boring and not terribly flavorful but then again not bad. I'm going to have to give this place another chance but I'm surprised at all the rave reviews. Maybe it was just an off day.
5	Service was great! She even gave us complimentary Thai iced teas- 4 of them! My family and I have been here twice.. In one week!! The egg rolls are delicious. My three year old devours them! I recommend the seafood pho, shrimp pho and the seafood pan fried crispy noodles with gravy. We just moved here from Cali and we are pho fanatics! Thank goodness we found a spot the whole family likes!
4	The food was delicious. I came with my boyfriend (so party for 2) & you really should know this place is not comfortable for a party over 6. Such small spacing but the food made a little up for it. I ordered the bf chow fun and egg rolls. But the spring rolls are soo much better both coming with 4. The timing was perfect but the food was a bit greasy. I also ordered the coffee with condensed milk and it was terrible! Too strong for my liking. But the lady there made me a thai tea in place of the coffee and it was Delish. Def enjoyed my self and I would recommend for anyone to try! (:
2	Not a good experience.  Ordered a to go order for just one pho and stood at the counter for just over 10min before anyone chose to acknowledge me.  I said excuse me and was popping my head into the kitchen and everyone just stared at me.  When someone did finally acknowledge me it was to tell me the food wasn't ready yet.  Mind you I was quoted 10min and showed up 20min later.  By the time someone spoke to me 30min had passed since I ordered.  The pho was really good, but not worth the bad service I received.
4	Happy to say I finally found my place for pho. I am new to Las Vegas so I had tried other places in the area and it just wasn't that great whether it was the service or the taste of the actual product. I was very impressed by this place and will e back again often.
5	Love their pho noodles. The texture of the noodles and soup = amazing ! The egg rolls are really good too !
4	The Roasted duck  noodle soup is delicious ! I love it. The pho noodles are not soggy and the meals always come out fresh and hot. The bathrooms are very clan and the staff is always friendly and nice :)
5	Had the pho with beef balls and rare steak. It was by far the best I've ever had!! The broth and meat was so delicious and all the food came out immediately. Definately coming back here all the time. I reccomend this place to anyone and everyone.
3	It was just OK. The pho was alright, but less beef than other places. The appetizers were a little disappointing. The fried squid was very soggy. Pot stickers were good. The service was good, but they seemed a little understaffed. The lady who seated us was waiting most of the tables as well.
4	Nice little spot I had lunch a few times. It's really good and depending on what you order you can eat very healthy.  The prices are reasonable, about $30 for 2 people to eat. I would recommend to friends to check it out.
2	This is one of the closet pho place to go to when you're hungover! LOL I used to always choose Pho Annie compared to Jenni Pho but I think times have changed.A couple times i've dined in, the cups didn't look very clean! GROSS. It is always HIT or MISS here with the pho. Sometimes, it's not flavorful or it's really sweet. Is it just me? But I guess I can't be too picky since it's close by and I'm too lazy to drive to chinatown. I've also had the lemon grass grilled chicken which was decent.Customer service is usually the bare minimum. Sometimes, i'd be sitting down a little too long waiting to be given a menu. However, any time I've made a to go order, it's been great! The owner listens to any additions or changes you have.
5	This is a little out of my way but I have to say this is one of my favorite place for some really good pho. The broth is really tasty without adding any sauces to it. The atmosphere is cleaner then most pho places that I've ever been to and the lady that owns this place sure knows how to treat her customer right. :) I have two young kids and she would never charge me extra for a little more pho on the side.
3	I always come here when I'm hungover, they have great service and the soup is bomb. I always order the same thing. And I love how it always tastes the same. I prefer to come on the weekends in the morning. It's usually very busy at night.
4	I can't believe I just discovered this place, considering how close I live. And here I thought Jenni Pho would be my go-to place to satisfy Vietnamese cravings. Turns out I'd come here instead. Asides for the sake of convenience, Pho Annie has better food, more selections, lower prices, and the ability to accept credit card! It's all win, win. While I have nothing against Jenni Pho, I also don't have anything really for it. Maybe Pho Annie is newer, so that's why it has fewer reviews, or maybe the location isn't as great. Regardless, I think time will tell, unless Jenni Pho rises to the competition. You can tell there is a larger food selection just by comparing menus. Pho Annie seems to be run by Vietnamese Chinese people because there is a fusion between the two cultures in terms of menu items. I'm not complaining. Anyway so I ordered egg rolls (4 for $5.99) and a beef short ribs/rice/veggies dish that came with soup ($10). The egg rolls had good flavor. They are not the best egg rolls I've ever had, but so far they are the best I've had here in Vegas. I also like that they came with lots of giant lettuce leaves. A lot of the restaurants here are stingy about that, but Annie Pho was generous with the veggies and sauce. The beef short ribs were well marinated and cooked, and the rice was chewy and seasoned. The soup was a nice cap to my meal (or you can drink it as a palette opener); it tasted like the soup used for pho. In case you're comparing, at Jenni Pho you get 4 bland egg rolls for $6.29. I've never tried a rice dish at Jenni Pho, but the meat there is not as well seasoned.  Overall, I'd come back here. I made sure I grabbed a to-go menu for lazy days when I don't want to cook. The owner or cashier doesn't speak much English, so that's a down side, but the food and prices are good.
5	So it took me a long time to like pho. I just didn't care for it. I'm not sure what happened but I started tolerating it as the years gone by and recently I started liking it. How my taste buds change! I've only been to three pho places in Vegas. I can't recall the ones I've been to in CA. This is my favorite one so far. I consider myself a pho noob so I'm not sure what constitutes the perfect pho so if I'll just summarize it by saying this is some damn good pho!I get good service here which is a bonus because we all know Asian restaurants are not known for their southern hospitality. When we first went, Annie was friendly and chatted with us. I had recently went in to take pho to go and the guy greeted me with a genuine smile. I got my order fast, between 5-10 minutes. He was thankful too. I really appreciate genuine customer service especially from an Asian restaurant. ;)
5	Impressive broth coupled with chilis in oil next to the Sriracha and Hoisin. Lots of attention to detail with this broth recipe. A modest amount of saltiness completely complemented by the robust beefy flavor and judicious spices make this Pho worthy of praise.Very busy when I go in most times, and seating can be limited. A trendy, popular place for a good reason: good food!
5	Delicious! I was pleasantly surprised by their veggie pho. I am vegan and I don't like tofu but they were great and added extra veggies!  Also I asked for no extra salt because pho is usually already salty and it came with no salt. I loved it sodium is a killer for me.
5	There's an Asian older women who's the server there. She is so amazing and friendly. Probably the sweetest Asian server I've had in a long time. A lot of the restaurants in china town have the most horrible service but that's not the case here. It's amazing authentic Vietnamese food with awesome service. You just can't beat that anywhere!
5	The pho broth is actually flavorful and doesn't just taste like hot water with beef and noodles. I usually do take out and the order comes out fast during dinner which should be expected with pho, it's not hard to soak noodles, slice beef and pour broth.
5	My wife loves pho and this one is the best Vietnamese restaurant that we've tried!
5	Simply some of the best I've ever had -- and I try to make it myself as a committed Pho eater.
5	Love this place!. It's the best Pho we've had and no cilantro in the soup! Friendly, clean and very close to our house! Delicious! Definitely give it a try if you've never had it!
4	Great place to get something tasty. Flavor is on point. Good chill spot to grub. one of my favorite spots in Vegas. Not over crowded.
5	Found this place after done with Jenny pho. Excellent food. Friendly people .clean place. They accept credit card .not cash only like that place.
5	I miss this place. I still go here for lunch when I am back in vegas. They have this crunchy noodle dish with seafood and veggies on top. Totally addicting. The pho broth is flavorful and crispy egg rolls are super yummy. They come with lettuce leaves to eat wrapped around this fried perfection and a sauce to dip. I have ordered to go just as many times as eating there! Very clean inside. The owners are very sweet, genuine people. Give them business!!
4	This is my second time here but I am loving it.  A bit different lay out as it is one long strip to seat its guests.  I like the modern look from the walls, that I can just almost see the food being prepared which is a plus.  Tables and booths are appealing and service is good.
5	Finally found this hidden little gem! I've been going here for the past couples months, at least once a week! The broth for the pho is always consistent! Full of flavor and always fresh! The meats are fresh, veggies are fresh and the food is delicious! The service is amazing! I LOVE their pho and spring rolls! Yummmmmmmmmy!!!!
5	This is my favorite pho place. The broth is always on point and rich in flavor. You know that it's good pho when you don't have to add in a lot of housin and sriricha and lime. I came in around 9pm and ordered shrimp spring rolls and chicken curry noodle soup. 5 minutes later I already got my order. The shrimp spring rolls were huge! The peanut sauce is amazing here. 5/5 for these. Chicken curry noodle soup: omg if anyone likes curry this is the thing to get. The flavor is so rich and delicious i scarfed down the whole bowl. I highly recommend getting this. 5/5! Garlic chicken wings: they were pretty good. I did burn my tongue because of how how they were. Lol. But that's a good thing how fresh they were :) I feel like they could've put a little sauce or something in it and maybe a little more garlic, but I love garlic so maybe that's why. I would say these get 3.5/5. I'm also used to going to pho places and never getting checked up on. Our waiter came by a few times asking if we were okay. I'm so not used to that haha. So all In all of you're looking for some good pho with good service, swing by this place.
4	The pho was low cost and delicious, service was quick and friendly. If you like pho, give this place a try.
4	I was a little put off at first that the older gentleman didn't greet us or ask for our drink order when we first got there. He kind of just put our table together when we got there and ran to the back. Then the next guest that comes through the door and they receive the correct service from the younger server. Going to so many Asian restaurants, I should be used to this, but the difference between the two bothered me. Why is there never consistency? However, all that changed once the younger server ended up taking care of us. I ordered the standard pho because they ran out of the chicken curry pho. We also ordered the duck pho and the fried eggrolls, both great. The only reason I will come back is for the service and to try that chicken curry pho finally. I also like how they take credit cards unlike Jenny Pho. It's just nice that I don't have to travel all the way to Chinatown for pho anymore.
5	I love the food. My most favorites so far would be Pho with Wontons and Barbecue duck and Mi. The owner is really friendly. If I'm ever in Vegas, I will most likely come back to eat again.
3	For appetizer, I ordered the fresh spring rolls, which I had to remind them three times before they brought it out. They kept forgetting so our entrees came out first. By the time the spring rolls came out, we were already getting full. For dinner, I ordered a grilled pork rice plate, which is supposed to come with a side of broth, but they forgot the broth too! At least the pork was  tender and flavorful. I also ordered chicken curry noodle soup for another entree. It was good, except too thick and more curry than soup like. I also ordered hot tea, which was oddly served in plastic cups instead of a a traditional tea kettle and tea cups. Besides all the mishaps, the prices are decent and it beats driving all the way to Chinatown to eat Vietnamese food.
3	The food is alright, a bit the on the greasy side. I love the coconuts but I didn't dislike the place and the rest of the menu entirely
5	this is my go to pho joint.surprisingly the pad thai noodles were decent.sadly still no french bread for the chicken curry, but oh well.
4	Great Broth.... This place is very busy. And i can tell why. Glad uts close to home. Will eat here again. But i wish there was more seating
3	While the flavoring is authentic, Annie Pho suffer from the same problems with any Vietnamese restaurant in southwest compared to China town area:1. Meats are skim down. You don't get enough meat and the slices are thin.2. Over priced appetizers to make up for the competitive price of a noodle soup bowl.  $6 for 4 egg rolls and they do not half a half order.  You can get a half order of egg rolls in China town.
3	I came here again somewhat near closing time. Either we made the bad choice of coming here near closing or it was a bad day, I don't know, but the food wasn't all too great. The spring rolls were predominantly carb. See the pictures. The beef noodles definitely aren't the best I've had, but it's a classic Hong Kong dish that I wouldn't expect to be done perfectly at a Vietnamese restaurant, so that's okay. Regardless, I'm still coming back because it's convenient and decently priced. I'll be planning to try more dishes. It's also probably bad that I still haven't tried the pho here yet, considering it's in the name. Next time!
4	Love this place. There's a couple Vietnamese restaurants around my house and this is the best. Their broth is so delicious. And the duck soup is to die for. Half a duck for 9.99. There's only a couple things I hate. The service and the dinning room. You have to get lucky to be seated right away.
5	I had the rare beef pho and the broth was amazing and the beef was lean and delicious. My husband had the beef stew pho and again delicious. The broth was a little thicker like stew soup but his beef was a little fattier. Still wonderful!
3	This is my third time here.  The last two were about a 4 - fast service, courteous, and attentive.  This last time was a 2 at best - but it was also a Saturday night after Christmas.  I thought it was fair to average the score.When we arrived there was a wait - about 7 people were waiting in the doorway.  There was no one taking names.  As more people came in, I asked if anyone was going to start taking names so they know who was there first and he replies "oh ok - good idea."About 15 minutes later we sat down.  I quickly ordered some appetizers as we were hungry.  Fried egg rolls, fresh spring rolls and pot stickers.  The spring rolls were pretty good but the egg rolls and pot stickers were just ok.  The appetizers came out real fast.  We got waters right away.  I then ordered our dinner.  We ordered two orders of pho (rare meat and rare meat and tripe) a grilled shrimp dish, salt and pepper squid and beef chow fun.  The shrimp came out first.  two skewers with 4 small pieces on it.  The shrimp wasn't bad, just small.  The meal came with soup which I believe is just the broth from their pho but for some reason, this broth was yummy and flavorful - and our two bowls of pho tasted as if they started to run out of broth and they added some hot water.  Very disappointing.  The squid was average.  It wasn't greasy and it was well cooked, however the squid itself was chewy.  The chow fun never came out even after I reminded them twice and after we were done with our meal I asked someone to cancel it.  About two minutes later, another server came by and said they were really busy in the kitchen and my noodles will be another 10 minutes.  sigh.To be fair, the times before the pho was great. Rare steak was fresh and not chewy. Had the duck pho and that was really good. Lots of meat. Perfect seasoning. Not sure if it was because they were busy, but be that the food quality and service went down drastically I hesitate about returning.
3	Good Vietnamese food is hard to find on the Westside, so if you don't feel up to driving all the way to Spring Mountain, I suggest going here. Service is a hit or miss, since they always seem to be short-staffed. Just last night I saw a potentially large party leave since they weren't acknowledged for a long time. I also had to flag down a server multiple times to get the soup that was supposed to come with our order, and re-ask for our drinks (even after that, we were still one short). One of the empty plates we had weren't thoroughly cleaned and had remnants of a spring roll wrapper on it, we didn't even bother letting them know about the issue. In any case, the food is pretty consistent. I prefer the pork rice plate which comes with an over easy egg and a side of plain broth. My husband likes the shaken beef, which is a higher quality beef. Parking is easy here and  they do take-out so shaky service aside, people will still keep this place busy.
4	Service is great. Pho has lots of flavor and prices are perfect. I come here often whenever I'm craving soup. This is the spot to go.
5	Let me just say WOW! This was so delicious! Not only that everyone is friendly. I was kind of intimidated to come in because I have a cold and was wearing sweats I thought they were going to make me feel unwelcomed instead they kept making sure we were ok and not only that they brought more broth to my table because they saw that my soup was a bit low on it and dry. This will now be our spot and we recommend this place!
4	The pho was 3 star. Broth was average, but meat was very delicious and tasted fresh.Definitely try the garlic chicken wings. It's crispy, and batter is simple, yet delicious.
5	I've been eating pho what seems like phoever. I've always tipped because I enjoyed the food. I've found that holds true for a lot Asian food. For the first time that I can think of I'm tipping based on service. Everyone was super nice and quick to refill water witch and is important cause I tend to go overboard with sriracha. On top of the super fast service the food was phonomenal. This is now my new pho place
