4	My girl friend ordered me some products from Lush for my birthday last year. A few months later we're going to dinner in Mandalay Bay and low and behold they opened a store here!This isn't just another bath/beauty store this is Thee Bath and Beauty store. Our favorite is the Melting Marshmallow Bath Melt! The girls that work in here are very nice they'll show you how to use all the products, give you samples, make recommendations... it's a lot of fun to go in here. It's more expensive then I'd like (hence 4 stars and not 5) but I will admit no other bath place is quite the same.
5	My husband and I took a mini vacay to Las Vegas a few weeks ago and we happened to come upon this LUSH store in the Mandalay Place mall (it connects the Luxor and Mandalay Bay, which was convenient since we were staying at the Luxor).  I had always wanted to try a LUSH bubble bath every since I heard Randi B. rave on and on about how awesome they were.  I'm not normally a bath person, but when I realized our hotel room had a jumbo sized bath tub, I knew I had to give it a try.The service at this place is wonderful!  I was helped by a girl named Aubrey, and she really knows her stuff!!  She was really attentive without being overbearing and I really appreciated that.  I didn't know that their product line was more than soaps and bubble baths - they have a TON of stuff, like moisturizers for your face and lots of other neat products to pamper yourself with.  I went straight to the bath bombs because that is what Randi had talked about, and they even showed me how it worked by giving a demonstration towards the front of the store.  I was hooked after that and decided to get the Sakura Bath Bomb and the Pop in the Bath Bubble Bar.  We went back to our hotel room and I couldn't wait to get started on the bath.  My husband wanted to go back out to the strip but I couldn't wait and I said "We're in Las Vegas!  Almost everything is open 24/7!!" so he was sweet enough to wait.  Well, after I stepped into the bath, which was seriously like stepping into silk pajamas, I never wanted to get out.  About 30 minutes later, I heard my husband snoozing away on the bed so I decided to stay in longer, and ended up being in there for over 2 hours!  The coolest thing?  My skin wasn't all wrinkled on the fingertips like how it happens when you're in the pool for too long.  You should definitely give LUSH products a try, and if you're in the Las Vegas area, hit this one up if you want stellar service.
5	THIS is the happiest place on Earth! I LOVE Lush and I try to go into one if it's nearby when I'm on vacation. I love everything Karma. The girls & 1 guy who were working here were awesome. They are so much fun and very knowledgeable and excited about what they sell. I'd much rather spend $50 at Lush and come home with some yummy stuff than lose it in a slot machine! One negative, I tried to give her part cash, and pay the rest on my credit card, and she either didn't know how to do it...or they truly don't do that, which I'd find hard to believe. Just a small setback. Still love Lush! Wish they'd open one near me so I can work there to support my habit!
4	My first time into a Lush store after hearing MANY, MANY friends rave about their products, I was dying to check out their products.When walking in, I was looking to kill some time.  The associate greeted me immediately and was extremely friendly.  She was very patient, explaining the products and their benefits to me.  She did not rush me at all.  Their products are all natural.  A bit pricey but worth the cash, as they make you feel fabulous when you use them.I left more than I planned in this store, because I could NOT pass up buying the Karma soap, the solid perfume oil, the Jack bath bomb, and a few other goodies.I definitely recommend anyone who has not checked out Lush in person yet and is in Vegas to pass by this store and let them explain the products to you. I guarantee you that you will walk out with at least one product and loving their products.
4	I was very excited to come here, as this location wasn't open the last time we were in Vegas. As someone who was turned off by her last experience in their Herald Square (NY) location, I was very pleased to find that the staff here at Mandalay Bay to be nice, knowledgeable, helpful without being overbearing, and most of all, they don't pressure you into purchasing products. They actually leave you alone to shop in peace and wait a few minutes before re-approaching their customers. Imagine that!This location is also fairly large. I think asides from Georgetown (DC), Orlando Airport, and Harvard Square (MA), this may be one of the largest Lush stores I have been in. They are open until midnight (!) so after seeing "The Lion King" we went back and bought a bunch of bath products. Many of the hotel rooms in this city have deep tubs, so you owe it to yourself to get to Lush and splurge on a bath bomb or bubble bar to unwind after a night of dancing and drinking. Or for the day after, a Brazened Honey fresh mask does wonders for the skin (do not use if you have dry or sensitive skin; ask your SA for advice before purchasing). Lush also has a very good return policy (similar to Sephora) as they want you to love the products you purchased.Products here may not be as vibrant or super scented as other stores, but this is due to the climate of Vegas. The bath bombs I purchased were very nice compared to the one I got in NY. I also found their store to be clean and well-maintained, which is difficult as glitter will get everywhere in a Lush store. I thought I had rid myself of Lush since they priced themselves out of my budget (was a customer since '01) but this experience got me excited about trying new stuff from them. Do check them out if you happen to be in the area!
5	So this past summer as I am waiting to get a seat at Burger Bar, I mosey into Lush across the way.  Well actually the smells positively pulled me into the store.  I was quickly helped by an associate and schooled in all things Lush :)  Bottom line - handmade bath and cosmetic items that are made with top quality ingredients.  OK - sounds good, but not Earth shattering!  To say the least, I was a little skeptical when the gentleman ASSURED me one "bubble bar" could be broken up and give me 4 super bubbley baths.  I wasn't too sure about the massage bars and if they would actually moisturize in the harsh dry Colorado air, but I love bath stuff so I bought a bit of everything and let me tell you it does it all it says it will and more!!The bubble bars positively pile on the suds, the lotions and massage bars leave my skin so soft for so long!  And it is all handmade, organic, some of it even vegan.  Amazing!  I have gone back to their online store to try even more!  I am addicted!!  Everyone in my family is getting lush bath bombs for Xmas - I will convert everyone one bath at atime :)
5	I'm smelling the strawberry massage bar as I'm typing this and getting hungry... They were having some sale where they give away a surprise gift if we buy anything. I bought a strawberry massage bar and got another... FREE! Their bar shampoos I feel dries out my hair but they smell incredible. Almost everything smells good enough to eat...
4	Lush is...luscious.   We went to Las Vegas last month for a cheer competition and we decided to take a break at Mandalay bay and were  lured in by the smells and the nice presentation of the products.The soaps and bath products are a bit expensive, but they are so nice smelling and luxurious that they are worth every penny.   I love the bath bombs and the wonderful lotions. 4 stars instead of 5?   Where is the San Diego Lush people?
3	I found Lush about 6 years ago and over those six years their pricing has been on the incline.  Although I loved their items, its breaking my bank.  And that they have foregone with the buttercremes for this solid bar, I am just no longer on board.  Especially since I have ordered from BODYCAKE SPA.COM, I ordered this cupcake bath that was OMG...the best thing you may ever happen upon.  I will still love my Lush, it will just have to go to the back burner, atleast until I am getting more for my money.  Although in their defense I wasn't aware of how much I was lacking until I tried Bodycake cupcake melt... the difference is night and day.  How do I find their review site?
4	The salespeople are a little overzealous but I love Lush so no worries. They have great products and this store is really big and clean. Prices are high but the quality is totally worth it.
4	love lush!   the staff was a little overwhelming tho...  too many in one store i think
5	This lovely purely organic bath products store located in the mostly empty (unoccupied spaces) Shops at Mandalay Place, is the only good reason for coming to this shopping center. You will smell all the yummy goodness when you come within a few feet of this store!It's hard to spend less than $30 here. I love the bubble bars! (Gift cards, yes, please.) You're supposed to put the whole bar in the bath, but I don't do that- I stretch it out a little more than that, into three uses. I love the Frosty Glitter @ $6.95 for a 3.5 oz.- a pink bar with vanilla emphasis (yeah, the tub gets glittery, FYI). I also like Ma Bar @ $7.95 for a 3.5 oz. bar- a brown and white bar- honey, toffee, chocolate with sugar on top- mmm, smells so good, good enough to eat (like Yankee Candle's Christmas Cookie). I'm dying to try French Kiss bar- lavender is one of my favorite scents of all. What I am telling you is a just a tiny drop in the bucket- there's such a huge catalog of products that they offer. If you get on their physical mailing list, you will get their catalogs. Better yet, get on the website www.lushusa.com.The employees are eager to share their knowledge with you- they will also test products on you, and explain the company's background and philosophy. Become an e-mail member and you will find out about their "Parties"- which are monthly.
4	A friend visiting from Chicago suggested we stop in Lush while we were walking around Mandalay Place this week. Wow! Absolutely amazing service...unlike that of any bath products store I've ever experienced. The sales people spent 30 minutes with us -- encouraging us to dip our hands in the bath products and try the facial masks to see how smooth our skin felt after. I didn't feel as if they were pushy -- just very helpful.  They also shared tips about which bubbles complemented which bath soaks. I'm not a fan of overly scented stuff and loved the scents available here. Also - loved the all natural element. My husband is allergic to glycerin, for example, and none of their soaps contain glycerin. The prices are pretty nutty (a "slice" of half a bath bar was $6.75) and gift wrap options are rather spendy in my opinion -- although they do sell gift cards and have pre-packaged gifts available. While it's pricey - it's most likely worth it. Their products are like a spa treatment at home.   I am in the middle of marathon training so treated myself to a special bath soak that they say is ideal for sore muscles -- with bubbles in a complementary scent. Can't wait to try!
5	I see as many males posting about Lush as I saw in the store, and the other guy worked there.  I love the soaps at Lush.  I even send small bars to family members for stocking stuffers on holidays.  It's nice to come home after a long day working on cars to a nice scented soap.
3	I LOVE Lush, and I've been to tons of their locations.  This is one that I have a love-hate relationship with.  Some of my experiences here have been awesome (The grand-opening party was great!), and some not so great.  The staff has always been friendly, but there is a very high turnover rate with sales-associated so it's kind of annoying when your a weekly customer to be asked "Have you ever been to Lush before?" (Ummm I was here for the grand opening, YES I've been here before).  I don't like going on the weekends because it's just too loud and there are too many drunk people staggering around the Mandalay Bay shops.  The products though are top notch, so if this is your local Lush, try to go earlier in the day and/or during the week to avoid the crowds and the drunks who are amazed at the miracle of bath-bombs and try to take bites out of the sweeter smelling soaps.
3	The smell there is overwhelming... not stinky but sweet soapy-like.Very friendly employees, though. A great place for gift shopping.
4	let me gush about lush. (yeah, i just said that.)how do i love thee, let me count the ways.1. your fabulous bath bombs. a cheap and perfect gift that the girls always love. i always put them in the gift baskets. I suggest even breaking them in half and getting double use out of these bomb little babies!2. bubble bars. a giant, heavenly scented bubble bath. what a great way to end a stressful day. another little cheap goodie.3. fresh made face masks. you don't pay more than 10 dollars for a freshly made face mask that is made with all natural products and lasts up to 2 weeks. you also get choices for your face type or for what scent/flavor you want to smother on for a evening.4. ocean salt. now i am sure you are thinking why would anyone put ocean salt on their body, but this is like spring break in a jar. open it and take a wif and you can put it anywhere. great as a face wash and body wash! double win!5. lots of vegan made products so how can those be bad for your skin?6. the girls here are nice and helpful and will even give you a free hand demo of some of their awesome products. they seem to be well trained too so bust out those questions.7. lucky number 7 goes to one of my favorites (not like the rest of them aren't though)...the buffy. a great body butter bar you use in the shower that takes off some dead skin (leaving you so soft how could anyone complain?) and leaves you moisturized!go in and have some fun. i happen to like this place better than bath and body. lots of great mix and match fun little gifts for you and your family and friends.
4	Very helpful staff with a great selection of organic bath products.  My husband loves the shampoo bars, which is a unique product that they carry.  Also the Fair Trade Foot Lotion is expensive ($21.95) but awesome and has a great peppermint scent.  Makes my feet look human again.  I've tried their version of a pumice stone, called Running to the Embassy ($12.95).  It's doesn't work too well and I wouldn't recommend it.  I'm looking forward to trying more of their foot scrubs.  They have a Volcano Foot Mask that I might try but for $20.95 I think I will hold off for now.  They have a ton of bath bombs, which I love, except when I have to clean my tub afterwards.  I think I'll get some for my next vacation and just tip the hotel cleaning staff extra!  In a nutshell, a great bath store with a great variety of products for both men and women.
5	This is more my wife's kind of place than mine, but it is kind of a guilty pleasure. The place smells wonderful and there's quite a few different things you can get here from bath bombs to massage bars to hair products.My only complaint is that the times I've been here they have the radio just BLARING and you can barely hear each other talk.
5	Have I told you about LUSH? Well, if I have not... then let me just say - you must head over there and do it fast!   I first found LUSH about 7-8 years ago in Carmel, CA... when I walked into that fragrant little gem I was pleasantly assaulted with jasmine, coconut, cinnamon, the list goes on.  Anyway, when I came back to Vegas - much to my disappointment we did not have one... LUSH is a refreshing change - they are focused on (can I say) homemade products - a bit of an organic approach to your typical shampoos, conditioners, creams, lotions, etc.  I have been on a more 'organic' approach in my daily living and they truly fit the bill!  I have visited them at least 3 times since November... not a good sign on the pocket - I have been told to stay away from them by Gio... I hide the receipts.  Even though the products may seem a little costly upfront, you will notice with consistent use that a very tiny bit of their product is all that is necessary being that they are so concentrated, therefore, lasting longer than your normal commercial products. My favorites right now are:  BIG (Sea Salt / Seaweed & others) it is a shampoo, Trichomania is another shampoo I love - it comes in a solid (soon to be discontinued - hence, my recent visit ;) Had to stock up), UltraBalm is a petroleum free balm for all your dry bits, Mange is a solid body lotion that is also edible (tastes a bit like Chocolate) Mint Julips is my newest conquest - it is a scrub (exfoliator) for the lips... there are too many to list right now as I might embarrass myself with all the goodies I might have to admit to...Sharing the love... if you love the natural side of things - do yourself a favor and go check them out! You will not be sorry...your constant companion,~dee
4	From the moment you walk in your surrounded by amazing scents. Everywhere you turn there is a new scent that just begs to be brought up to your sniffer.The customer service was on point. They were helpful without being to pushy. This is a must stop if your looking for a nice gift for your lady.She will love it!
5	Real Men Shop Lush!This store is just plain awesome. Great product, great people and great company beliefs and campaigns (no animal testing, saving shark/ seals, etc...)My first visit to Lush and I'm hooked. I'm glad there is one in my hometown as well!I bought a couple shampoo bars and soaps. I love how nothing is packaged. The smell of their products is incredible.If you have a Lush near you........ go check it out!______________________________________________________We believe in making effective products from fresh, organic* fruit and vegetables, the finest essential oils and safe synthetics.We invent our own products and fragrances. We make them fresh by hand using little or no preservative or packaging, using only vegetarian ingredients, and tell you when they were made.We believe in buying ingredients only from companies that do not commission tests on animals and in testing our products on humans.We believe in happy people making happy soap, putting our faces on our products and making our mums proud. We believe in long candlelit baths, sharing showers, massage, filling the world with perfume and in the right to make mistakes, lose everything and start again.We believe our products are good value, that we should make a profit and that the customer is always right.* We also believe words like fresh and organic have honest meaning beyond marketing.
4	I don't usually go in for this sort of thing, but my better half and I were walking from Mandalay Bay to Luxor and we happened upon this place.The staff was incredibly nice and helpful explaining the ins and outs of the various bath bombs, masks, soaps and other related items.The Better Half decided to partake, and took a bubble bath immediately after we got back to the room.  Against my cynical expectations, her skin was noticeably smoother and softer!Now, granted, this could be the case should you shop at Bath and Body Works and buy similar products from them, but after this humble reviewers visit to Lush, I am convinced that it is worth your time to stop in and check out. Just keep the slightly higher price in mind.
4	Mandalay Bay has these great big bathtubs that are begging to be overflowing with bubbles and Lush delivers (well they don't actually deliver-but that would be cool if they did provide room service to bring you some soap lol). My room had a jetted jacuzzi tub. I came to Lush and bought 2 Sunny Side bubble bath bars. It smelled like citrus and was covered in shimmery gold dust that makes your water glitter (the French Kiss bubble bath bar is also very yummy and smells like lavender and turns your water purple)! I broke off half of one of these bad boys and crumpled it into the warm water while the jets were on, and sure enough within 5 minutes there were bubbles everywhere- EVERYWHERE. It was faaaaaaaaaaaaaaantastic, and I ended up with some glitter on me too :).
5	Like Mandalay Bay - its sister property THEHotel has huge soaking tubs.  How happy was I to find a lush store conveniently located in Mandalay Place - a short walk (at least for Vegas) from THEHotel's lobby.  The staff is so happy, they are almost high from the smell that place generates.  They are all very knowledgeable about the products and can tell you what's in each item.  Bag in hand, I was off for 5 days of luxury, sparkly, aromatic, soft-skin creating baths.
4	I stopped in at Lush when walking from the Luxor to Mandalay Bay one evening, and I've been a fan ever since. There's no Lush where I am from, so I had never heard of them. They can be a bit pricey, but everything is natural and many products are even vegan. Their products are mostly foofie girlie stuff to make us feel soft and pretty, but my boyfriend certainly didn't complain when my skin was still super soft and fragrant the next day after taking a bubble bath the night before with a bath bomb and bubble bar combo. I even went back a couple of days later to get more. While there I also picked up a face mask, lip scrub, shampoo bar and pre-wrapped gifts for friends. They truly have something special for just about anyone. My one complaint about this location is that both time I went there, I felt like the staff would not leave me alone to shop. They kept hovering and butting in to tell me all about whatever product I was standing near. I felt they were a bit too invasive. If it had only happened on my first visit, I would have thought it was the staff currently working, but it happened on my subsequent visit, as well. On the plus side, since the staff is so attentive, they'll offer recommendations and information on any product, and they hooked me up with samples of some other products that I wanted to try.
5	A FANTASTIC PLACE TO SHOP. I am soooo into Vegetarian lifestyle and natural products. Lush has amazing products that work as far as I am concerned. Vegas is a dry place and the products you bring from home don't give your body the moisture it needs. This place has everything to keep your skin smooth...soft and fresh. I am a lancome junkie and I have switched to Lush. They have products for all skin types and hair. I came out of that place $100 less in my pocket and well worth it! Friendly and knowledgeable staff on all products. I am going back to Vegas in August and that is one place i will return too stock up on beauty products.
5	Amazing! I can't believe it's taken me 16 years in Vegas to discover this revolutionary cosmetics company. It's almost impossible to believe how 'natural' their products really are. I am comforted by the fact that a company is sincerely concerned with what goes into their products. Aside from all the warm sentiment associated with vegan/ environmentally friendly wares, the stuff actually works! I was assisted by a super sweet blond girl that led me around the store to several different stations and gave me the basic rundown. I came with my girlfriend who has been using (and liking) the shampoo bars for some time. I ended up with the coconut shampoo bar, which smells delicious and leaves my super long hair moisturized and cleansed. I bought the 'King of Skin' moisturizer bar, which is similar to putting body oil on in the shower without all of the drippy mess. The 'Magnaminty' face mask is perfect for brightening dull skin and felt very refreshing after a long day of shopping. I also purchased a massage bar that I can't remember the exact name of. The massage bar is such a great idea, instead of heating up oil to pour on someone, you gently massage this bar for a few minutes and it's as if you did pour hot oil onto them. It also has some staying power, it didn't dry up one bit even after massaging for 30+ minutes. I LOVE this place and the whole idea of natural ingredients. I will definitely add this to my shopping rotation!
1	Great products. Worst customer service ever. My diabetic mother,my aunt and i were called liars. We were told we had been in earlier when none of us had ever been in the store! If you want to get treated crappy go to this store otherwise buy overpriced cosmetics elsewhere. If i could rate this store negative stars i would. Never again
4	Already knowing and loving Lush handmade cosmetics, my trip to the Las Vegas store was heavenly. I usually order Lush products online, so it was a treat to get to touch and smell all the products in person. The staff was so friendly and welcoming and very knowledgeable about all of the products. It was fun to try a variety of different soaps and moisturizers. They are very generous with the samples--I went home with 3 or 4 samples of facial moisturizers and hair products. My favorites are the solid deodorants, shampoo bars, and facial cleansers. I love the reduced packaging, high quality all-natural products, and the smells! My fun find from this visit: Dirty Tooth Tabs. With baking soda as the primary ingredient, you chew a tab, wet your toothbrush, and start brushing. An amazing foam results and your teeth feel so clean.
5	Lush...my skin...so soft...so soft.Located in the Mandalay Bay shops, Lush is a paradise of natural, hand-made lotion/soap products. I first encountered Lush on a trip to San Francisco. Being a native of Las Vegas, the girl at the store informed me that a location existed in Vegas. I was beyond excited.I could spend lots of money here but I have a few go to products: Dream Cream and the shower scrubs. The Dream Cream (about $20 for the bigger tub) comes in a pot and goes on so smooth. It is great for dry skin and I even heard eczema. The Shower Scrubs (about $10) are sea salt infused bars that you rub all over yourself to exfoliate in the shower. Heavenly!The bath bombs are fun but very messy and no fun to clean!I feel everything is moderately priced. Most of the products are vegan (if you're into that kind of stuff). The staff is very helpful and will go above and beyond to assist with your needs. I got a "hand facial" the last time I was in and was floored at how soft my hands were after. The major complaint I hear about Lush is that is expensive and the products don't smell "perfumy." I really like using products that I know are good for the skin and don't dry me out like other fragranced lotion. Lush makes my shower and bath time super delightful!
2	I'm sad that this is the only Lush store in Las Vegas because not only is it a pain to get to (being on the strip and all), the employees are insufferable and make it impossible to actually shop.I'm not new to Lush. When I walk in and the employees ask if I've been there before, I tell them yes, I have, I've been using their stuff for years and I'm familiar with the products... so they don't really need to give me their whole handmade-vegan-natural-organic-crap spiel. BUT THEY DO ANYWAY. And then they follow me around the store asking if I need help, or if I want to see how a shampoo bar works, or have I tried this before, etc., etc. Normally I would appreciate a friendly sales staff, but here they are absurdly pushy! Do they work on commission?!I give them two stars because I love the products and the first girl who helped us was very nice and friendly without being annoying, and helpful, while still knowing when to walk away and leave me alone. But I have to take off stars for the creepy male employee who followed me around the store and would not leave me alone, making it impossible for me to actually shop. Even when I said, "All right, thank you, I'm going to go do the rest of my shopping now," HE FOLLOWED ME ACROSS THE STORE. And the other male employee who started an impromptu hipster dance party in the middle of the store, directly in front of the products I was trying to see, forcing me to walk through said hipster dance party with an annoyed expression on my face, causing another employee to say to me, while laughing at his oh-so-random antics, "I'm sorry if he's making you uncomfortable! He's such a goof! HEHEHE" in this "I'm-sorry-you're-such-a-square-and-don't-appreciate-our-hilarious-RANDOMNESS" tone. And the lady at the cash register who told me I could get a WAY better deal if I bought the larger version of one of the products I was purchasing, even though when you do the math on price. vs. size you only really end up saving about $2 while actually spending twice as much, which does not qualify as a way better deal in my book, and kept asking me if I wanted to buy more things while she was ringing me up!I'm doing my Lush shopping online from now on, because I cannot handle the intensely social, intensely pushy sales experience at this store. Even my extremely friendly, sociable husband was put off by the atmosphere. I would actually have bought more stuff and spent more money if they had left me alone so I could, you know, shop.
5	Amazing is the only way to describe this place. i love the idea of a new twist on old school soap making. and even though some of the products in this store are wicked expensive. i love it and all of the soaps here don not irritate my ever so sensitive stupid skin.
4	okay , so the first time i went to this store.. i wasnt really sure what to feel about the helpfulness about the staff.. but then i went there the second time and this worker there named ABBY, (i dont really know how to spell it) really took care of me and my boyfriend. every question we asked, she had an answer for it.  EVERY NEED we had for our skin they have it there . and what was best for it, she gave us so much samples for free that kept me coming back for more (: definitely addicted to this store. all organic too so its even a plus !
5	I've always loved Lush, but haven't been to the sole location in Vegas because it's a bit out of the way for me to just pop in. I had some time to kill before a Yelp event at the Mandalay so I beelined to the store. I'm huge on natural products. I find the smell of the store overwhelming when you first step in, but trust it dies down and you can smell all the products. Lush gets pricey, but a little goes a long way. Many of the things I've bought have lasted quite a while.Customer service is informative and attentive without feeling pressured to take everything they explain. On this visit I ended up with a solid shampoo of Karma Komba and I love it. It really has been good to my hair and it is looking great! I have oily very long wavy hair so it tends to get weighed down but a lot of "clarifying" items just make for a tangled mess even with conditioner. Will be getting more of this and trying a few more of the shampoos in the future. They're fan-freaking-tastic! One of the best shampoos I've tried that is reasonably priced. I've been using for a few weeks now and the bar doesn't look any smaller than new.  I got a stocking stuffer for the BF and chose Sea Vegetable soap. Of course, I did try it once he opened it and it's very nice on the skin. It doesn't lather up much, but gets you clean. A plus is that the smell of the products waft through our whole bedroom from the shower. Definitely making special trips to Mandalay now just for Lush.
4	I love Lush products and its located in our Hotel... well sign me up!!! Had amazing service on December 28th by a young lady I can not recall her name but what a great gal! She was super helpful and got me to spend more than I wanted too!! :) Not that its hard at Lush.. now my bathroom smells yummy at home and so did my hotel room! :)Can't wait for Fashion Island's to open!
5	I am just in love with this place. It's a little bit on the pricey side but oh so worth it. I originally came here to get the face wash which is awesome, got the big tub but ended up buying other things. I LOVE LUSH!!!
5	I love Lush. I'm a serious addict for their organic products. There's just something about having to use all naturally made products to enhance your beauty needs! The product is grade A quality products. You really get your money's worth and see really good results! The staff here is genuinely friendly. Jordan was such a nice attendant. He saw me looking lost (as I always am), and staring long and hard at a few products on the display table. He was kind enough to offer me a nice demonstration (I think because he can sense that I wanted one). The demonstration conversation was a mixture between the product and bikram yoga which I thought was super awesome of him! The place smells wonderful! The layout of the little boutique makes it even more welcoming, fun, and inviting. Everything is so neatly placed, decorated, and the labels are so fun and descriptive too!Here's what I purchased (and highly recommend):Volcano Foot Mask-Your feet needs some TLC too you know! You put on this mask and wrap it around cellophane and just let the mask moisturize and hydrate your feet! Feel the tingle!Lemon Flutter- GREAT INVESTMENT. Especially with our dry Vegas weather and hard water, our hands tend to get dry, rough, and scaly. A small amount of this once a day keeps your hands soft all day! It's also helps harden your nails and naturally gets rid of your cuticles.Aqua Mirabilis Body Butter- This leaves your body feeling silky and moisturized without that oily feeling. You can rub this bar in the shower or dry! Ocean Salt Scrub- GET THIS! f you get anything. This pot exfoliates your skin so nicely. I walked in the store with really dry (embarrassingly dirty), rough skin, and when they did a demo on my hands it was super nice and soft. My hands felt like a million bucks!Have fun in there, but I do warn you DO NOT! I REPEAT DO NOT! EAT THAT TOOTH TABLET BY THE COUNTER THAT SAYS "TRY ME". Its actually a toothpaste tablet. I popped it in my mouth thinking thats what "Try Me" meant. apparently not. I had to learn the hard way.
2	Their staff is too aggressive and it's hard to browse without them getting in my face. I would have had a much better experience if they would have just asked if I needed help once. I actually dislike the overly helpful service so much that the next time I go back there, I will probably pretend I don't speak English. Aside from the aggressive staff, I love the store, and all of the products are interesting as well as effective and smell great.
3	Love the products, just feel "eh" about this store.  As a local, it's not in an optimal location but that's fine.  As stated by previous reviewers, the staff can be a bit aggresive and pushy.  On two occassions, I've let them do a demonstration and offer me a sample only to get to the register and be told that they don't do samples.    However, there are some very nice people that work there as well, and my shopping experience is so much better when it's the less aggresive group on duty.It's also always outrageously LOUD in there.  Between the music, product being pushed in your face, and the fragrance, it can be pretty overwhelming.I wish they'd put one at Town Square or Tivoli, or even at the District.  I think it would be more calm and certainly would be much easier for locals to access.
5	Being at Mandalay Bay I had to stop by here. When I walked in I was greeted by the nicest guy. He ended up being so helpful..and funny.I was able to pick up a few things after his guidance and be on my way.I just love this store. I think if I ever give up my stay at home mommy gig I will have to work here. Its amazing! I bet its fun to work there.
5	If you love to pamper yourself in the bath then invest in something that is going to make your skin look great without all of the additives! Tried Lush for the first time on 5/20 and had the best sales associate named Adina. She knows her product and even will demonstrate different products on your own skin! If you want soft & smooth skin right out of the shower without having to put on body lotion then you must buy the "Buffy" bar, I've used it three times since I bought it and my partner in crime commented on how soft my skin has been lately, SCORE! If you want a truly educational experience on amazing bath products you must go see Adina, call ahead if you have to!
4	I really love how attractive all of their products are.  I have never used their products before but Gershanna was amazing in showing me what every thing was and even gave me an arm massage to show me a few products.  I have very sensitive skin and was in the sun so I can not attest to how any of their products work but I ended up buying a lot of different stuff.  I really liked their make-up remover.  That was one thing I REALLY needed and they did not disappoint.After an otherwise productive and fun shopping spree, my only complaint would be that some girls were really aggressive to get me to try stuff.Thank you Gershanna for making my shopping spree fun!
5	This place is flawless. It is adorable and the staff are full of energy and charisma. I lov how all their products are natural and guaranteed to never harm your skin or hair. I LOVE coming into the Mandalay Bay and into Lush. I wouldn't go anywhere else for my ocean salt!
5	I came for the bath bombs, and keep coming back to try everything else. Be warned, you will become an addict. Lush cosmetics is where you'll find natural, vegan products to beautify yourself. It is a little pricey, but you can make the product last if you use right. You can get hand or feet treatments right in the store. But don't let the lovely people who work here try and convince you to buy larger sizes of any of the face masks. Most are literally made with raw food and they will go bad before you even have a chance to use all of the product, even if you store it in the fridge. Same goes for the vodka/lemon/sea salt face and body scrub, which is my go-to favorite.I would recommend getting bath bombs. I am Black/White with brown skin. After using a bath bomb (especially he butterball) I don't even need lotion!I love so many products, but I won't go into detail about all of them or this review will be PAGES long. I have sensitive skin and I'm so happy that there's a place where I can try new products without fear of turning red or breaking out in a rash.The only thing I don't like is the location. It's convenient if you're staying in Mandalay Bay, but for Vegas residents it's a long hike from the parking garage, through the casino, past House of Blues, up the escalator and through the mini shopping mall. You can order online but a lot of their products that I love can not be shipped because they can't withstand our extreme heat.
5	I went to a Lush store years ago in Ireland, and I have been wanting to go back ever since. Seeing this while exploring the area outside of my casino, I had to go in. I actually went twice, and although I went in for a spray perfume and a powder, I came out with a bunch of awesome stuff that I am still using three months later. It can add up if you get a lot, but everything is really high quality and it lasts for a long time too. I am now a Lush addict and will continue to buy their products. The staff is really friendly and helpful too (without being pushy) and the store is adorable and smells amazing walking in.... and you feel amazing walking out. :)
4	LUSH products are second-to-none. I adore he products and I was thrilled when a LUSH store came to Las Vegas. I was introduced to LUSH whilst living near Bath, England and, upon returning to the USA (prior to the arrival of this store, anyway) I had been stuck buying products online. I was over the moon when I learned that this store was opening. I have been a loyal customer of this shop, ever since.The only negative aspect is the hard-sell aspect of this shop, in particular. When I am visiting my local LUSH shop - every, single customer service rep asks me (multiple times) if I need help. It is hard to enjoy my shopping experience when I can't hear myself think.I am a fan of excellent customer service - but a little goes a long way. I could do with less "in your face" assistance . . . so I removed a star for the hard-sell approach I *always* receive when shopping in this store.
5	Every time I come here, I leave satisfied because of the great customer service I get and not to mention the vegan cleansers I need. I've been coming here for a couple of years now and every employee has sufficient product knowledge. If you're not sure what to get, don't be afraid to ask questions because they pretty much know anything and everything there is know about Lush products. The aroma is a little too strong, some may say too strong that you can smell it 50 feet away but it doesn't really bother me. It's the ONLY location here in Vegas so that's a negative. Other than that, I love Lush and I will continue to go as long they have those fresh face cleansers and masks.
5	LUSH is my mother ship so this is going to be a VERY bias review.  This store front is just as nice as any of the rest.  I have been to almost 20 different LUSH stores and they all have happy, friendly staff who really know their shit.  The products are THEE best!  Don't let anyone try to tell you differently.  This one is in the Mandalay Bay which is at the end of the strip but this being the ONLY LUSH store in Nevada makes it worth the trip.  Stop by.  You won't regret it.
4	During my stay at Mandalay Bay, I received a coupon for a free facial so I thought.. why not? Scheduling an appointment with them was fairly easy as they were quite flexible. Upon entering the store, I was greeted immediately by a staff member offering to try out the samples of lotion bars. Now if you've never been here, everything is handmade from organic products. And they exude such a beautiful fragrance! (Well, most of them anyway.) The only con about that is, being that they are organic, they do expire faster than normal products. Think wisely when they ask you the amount you want to purchase!The employees are great with suggestions if you need advice on improving your skin. They were even nice enough to give me samples of the products they used on me!One thing that I thought was really neat is that the designer of that specific product will have their face on it! (Unless they have a scary face :X)
5	Have you ever gone into a Lush store before? Because you should, especially if you're a fan of using baking soda, avocado, chocolate, cake or vodka (among others) to cleanse yourself. This shop at the Mandalay Bay has outstanding service you'd come to expect from this place. They will let you sample stuff right and left---and miraculously, you buy it. We got this stuff called rhassoul mud, a clay from the Atlas Mountains of Morocco, and the girl working there just started slathering it on there on my hand, right in front of my girlfriend. We had used their bath balls before too, and they are hard to resist when at home, and lead to adamant claims of ownership upon purchase haha. They make a face and body scrub from sea salt, sage, lemongrass and vodka and we got to try that too. We've been to Lush in the San Francisco Bay Area, and the service is still top notch. If you ask, they will give you toothpaste chews, which come in the form of tablets to be used as a paste when chewed and left in the mouth. For free!
5	I love Lush.  I love the products, I love the website, and I love the store.  There isn't one near my home, but every time we've been to Vegas, I always stop by & stock up.  Lucky for my husband, Hubert Keller's Burger Bar is across the way, so he can drink beer and watch whatever sporting event is on TV or check his emails while I wander around and sniff, sample, and shop to my heart's content.  The salespeople are really nice & helpful, they don't try to pressure you into buying stuff, but they do show you how to use products and give you samples of different things, because Lush has so many unique items it would be difficult to know what everything is w/o a demo or explanation.  Some stuff is a little pricey, but I adore their bath bombs, especially the Sex Bomb bath bomb.  You just smell soooo good and your skin is SUPER soft after using it.  What else can I say...this place is great!  Give it a chance :)
5	Oh Lush, how I love thee.Hand crafted soaps with ingredients from all over the world... what more could you need to make your body look and feel beautiful. I personally use the Brazilian soap. It smells very fresh & has grains of sand from Brazil instilled in the bar. My skin has never had that "glow" but after using this particular soap for a few weeks Ive been getting complimented non stop. The girls in the store are amazing as well. They are very knowledgeable and helpful. I always suggest this place to all my friends. It can get a little pricey but hey, you cant put a price on natural beauty!
4	After eating at the Bar Burger at the Mandalay Bay, this place got my attention. Mainly because of the name and then the soap bombs just blew me away!!! I'm a Lush fan, are you? Different colors and designs, flowers, planets, cupcakes, lips, bows, and much much more! The smell of these things are great! I buy them and I leave them in my bathroom in a bowl, I collect them to make my bathroom smell lovely! Don't have the heart to use them, they are just neat looking and great! I saw one at the Santa Anita mall, darn no more excuse to travel to Vegas to grab these goodies!
4	I just came back from a recent Las Vegas trip and I have fallen in love with this store immediately. I actually came to this store in hoping to get some soaps for my mother's Christmas gift. As soon as I browsed through their selection, I ended up buying some bath bombs for myself and my sister. I just couldn't resist. I do admit, it is quite pricey, but well worth it. They're really against animal testing which I really do support as well. The only issue I have is that the store associates are EXTREMELY nice, just very nosy. I did explain to them that my mother had wanted some fruity soaps. The nice lady showed me gift packages that were just perfect for my mother's taste. I couldn't be thankful enough for her helping me. However, as I explored through the rest of the store she did seem to look at my basket and make more suggestions that I tried to shrug off. Other than that, this place is perfect. I am so glad they have some by where I live, I will certainly be buying more Lush products in the future.
5	I stopped in last night after work and literally ALL of the sales people were so friendly and helpful. They recommended things to try based off of my needs/weird allergies and were very sociable. The prices were reasonable given that most of the stuff is organic/vegan. I will be back!
5	This place was pretty awesome and Karly was an amazing person. She knows a lot about the products and was a fun person to talk with! She is a keeper Lush, take care of her!!
5	Wow, What a fun place!  Every time I come here, everyone is so nice and more than happy to help.  Everyone is very educated about the product they sell and you are free to sample just about everything that they sell.  If you are into handmade soaps with a unique palette of smells, this is a must-go.  For those that are unfamiliar with the location, it is located inside the Mandalay Bay (upstairs in the shopping area).Pros: * Attentive & Educated staff * Try it before you buy it... I love it! * They remembered me, even though I didn't go for nearly half a year!Cons: * I hate having to park in the garage of the casino just to get there ( * Some things are a bit expensive.Tips:*  Definitely try it out before you buy it & if you have a question, don't be shy to ask!* Park as close to the NE corner of the garage as you can.  Enter in through this way and you don't have to walk through the entire casino.Overall: Excellent Service - Sweet Products - Fun Atmosphere   HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	The customer service here is excellent! I've been in a few locations before and was pleased with all of them. This location really stands out for me because when I came they were crazy busy and still made sure everyone could find what they were looking for and answered all the questions one could possibly think of. Maybe they are just so used to a deluge of tourists they have been able to get their act together, but I was so impressed.You could tell the employees really knew their stuff (or were amazing BS artists) because they could give informative answers about their products instead of saying that 'Everything is great. You'll be happy with anything.' Do people not realize they sound like they don't know what they are talking about when they thing EVERYTHING is great? But I digress.Moral of the story: walked in to look around; walked out with Strawberry Feels Forever massage bar and a smile on my face.
4	This place is fabulous! I've tried a couple of their products before via BFF Lily and have enjoyed them, however, this is my official first purchase. My friend, Hally, informed me that they were having a re-opening event this afternoon and she was dying for some new bath products. I had a blast while I was there! The store is so much fun and so are the products. Everything is colorful, pretty, and fragrant (however, a tad overwhelming). I also love the fact that it looks like you're in a grocery store! So cute!! Anyway, a lovely associate assisted me with choosing new hair and body products and I was very grateful for her insight. I decided to take the dive with 500ml bottles of American Cream (conditioner) and The Olive Branch (shower gel), plus a shampoo bar of New! and a shampoo bar tin (I can't wait to take this with me on our next vacation!). I'm VERY excited to try my new hair products and shower gel. I'll definitely need to update my review after use and may award another star! ;)
4	I love how nice the people are that work here. The bath bombs leave your skin feeling so soft. My mom bought us the sugar lip scrub, and it is good enough to eat. No, I mean it.....you rub your lips together and then lick the sugar off. Yum!
4	I love Lush and their commitment to producing all natural products. Going to Lush is dangerous since a quick trip to get one item can easily multiply. The mint mask is my favorite. If I am having a rough day; nothing beats running a bath with one of their bath balls, and soaking, while the mask clears up all the impurities. The individuals walking around and behind the counter are all enthusiastic about their jobs. It is refreshing to see when so many become dejected.
4	Erin is awesome, totally helped me find great things and educated us on all the goodies that me and my cousin picked up! While some other round mexican chick with very messy hair on the other hand was very pushy to make quick sales... So like every place there's some good and bad everywhere. Love this location though compared to the one in San Francisco this is way more spacious and gives more breathing room.
5	Best bath bombs on the planet! I also purchased lemon cuticle cream. It's a softener & smells so amazing. My cuticles are gorgeous now, haha.Seriously, I cannot praise their products enough.Did I mention that it's VEGAN? Nice.
5	I love my Lush store back home so I decided to check out the Mandalay Bay location. Lovely as per usual, the staff was especially great (I wish I could remember their names; one was Tia, and there was a lovely redhead that sold me on Blousey;) Everything I expect from Lush and more, highly recommended.
5	I'm seriously in love with this place! I went to the store for the first time yesterday, I usually shop online because I'm too lazy to drive all the way to Mandalay Bay, boy had I been missing out! First of all all the employees here are super friendly and helpful, they also let you try EVERYTHING. You can really tell they love their job and love the products they're selling. It's a good thing I decided to come to the store because they have this "avowash" which is limited edition and isn't sold online. I had to have it, and I got the last one! I used it on my hair and body this morning and it feels and smells amazing! Things you must not leave the store without, bath bombs: these things are the coolest ever! you throw them in your bath and they turn the water all these wonderful colors, not to mention the awesome feel and smell it gives to your bath. Charity pot: really really good lotion, perfect for the dry weather of vegas AND 100 percent of the money is donated to charity and you can choose from a bunch of different ones! Their products are expensive yes, but let's think about what you're getting: handmade, vegan, and no testing on animals. To me I think it's worth it, and I fall in love with everything I've bought so far. They just opened a Lush store in Fashion show mall and I'm super excited because I'm over there a lot more than the shops in Mandalay. I can't wait to go and pick up some of their makeup!
1	If yelp allows me to gave out 0 star, i would've. I love Lush products but the people who works in that store sucks. This afternoon I was there and just browsing to see it they had anything on sale for memorial weekend, but the employee actually stopped me and asked me if I have "taken" anything from them. she told me that she saw me took something and put it in my bag. WTF!!! I was in store less than 5 mins and they already assumed I have stolen something from them. She actually wanted to checked my bag. After all that t, no apology was ever given to me.  What kinda customer service and WTH!!!!! I am filing a formal complaint to that store and I will never go back that store again.Worse customer service ever,
5	Vegan cruel free handmade no preservatives!?!!?!? YESSAAAAAI can't believe I have gone past this place dozens of times without seeing the giant bunnies declaring they are against testing on animals. What is wrong with me? Anyways, I finally got into the groove and waddled over here while waiting for our table at Burger Bar.Everything here smells delicious, and looks so cute. It's all handmade, and they have literally everything you need for your body care, from bath bombs to shampoo, face masks to lotions, you can get it here- and it is all preservative free! Whoot! Products have a sticker on it that tells you who made it and when- which is cool.Yes, it is pricey, but I think it is worth it. I got the Ultrabalm, which is basically like Vaseline, but without the petroleum and gross gunk. You can put it anywhere from open wounds to dry skin, and so far it has worked well for me. The staff here are extremely helpful and very cool. I will certainly be back to try some face masks and lotions :)
4	OMG love the buffy bar and the Miranda! I have been by here many times but until recently I have never walked in. The sales staff that followed me around was nice but it started to get a little strange. Hubby had to save me. Overall I love the items I purchased and will return
5	I am OBSESSED with this place!!! So easy to splurge and go crazy in here, my favorite shampoo bar is the Squeaky Green!! I also use their face products, very good too!. Masks are fresh and fun to wear!!
4	Friendly service and helpful.   Lush is a chain store.  The bath fuzz is very fun to use
5	This place is AMAZING! We come to vegas a few times a year and I always look forward to stopping here. My favorite products are the french kiss bubble bar, big comforter bubble bar, dark angles face soap, and dirty bsr soap just to name a few lol! They are always so healpful and show me all the product and give samples (which I usually buy). I also that they do no animal testing and have top grade ingredients!  Seriously always the highlight of my trip!
5	the best place to get your lush fix in Vegas.  The staff is always nice and friendly.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!Animal cruelty/testing free is the main reason, second reason being that their products leave your skin feeling so soft and glowy. We came here almost every day to get a new bath bomb and moisture bar for our spa. Each bomb smelled so amazing! The day before our last day we hit this place up and I was so happy to be treated to a free facial. I ended up getting the exfoliant wash as a sample since I didn't want to purchase that day and I got the face mask and the moisturizer. My face has never felt better! And every single person that works here is 100% darling. It was a little embarrassing when I found out that there is indeed a Lush store 5 blocks away from where I live back in California. I was spending money here like it was only a Vegas thing. Funny, embarrassing, whatevs. I love this place and its products!
5	I love Lush! I went crazy and bought a bunch of bath bombs/bath melts last February, to try it out. Loved almost everything. Some of my favorite products are: Bubblegum lip scrub, Twilight/Sex Bomb bath bombs, Dreamtime bath melt, and A French Kiss bubble bar. Lovely, all-natural products that make baths fun.
5	I love this place!  I first found Lush at the airport in Orlando, FL and I was about to get on a plane so I didn't buy anything.  I was pretty excited when I saw that there is now a Lush in the Mandalay Place shops (which I also love).  I went a little crazy buying bath bombs and melts and massage bars, because frankly the ONLY negative is that they are PRICEY!But, the products really are lovely.  Your skin is left feeling soft by the bath bombs and melts and the massage bars and hand lotion bars really soak in to your skin and leave you feeling moisturized versus so many that feel greasy and then when you wash them away you feel dry.I also like that they encourage you to try the products when you are in the store and will go over the different products and how they work and touching is encouraged!The staff is friendly and fun and pretty knowledgeable about the products. I highly recommend anyone try these products and I am very happy to see that there is also a location in San Diego that I am hoping to get to soon!
5	Lush is amazing! I was in Vegas on my honeymoon and my  husband and I stopped by Lush at Mandalay Bay. The employees were SO friendly and knew so much about every product! They were willing to help me with everything and I walked out a happy camper. Everytime I pass a Lush store I have to go in :)
5	This place is magical. Blows bath and body works away.Prices are great!!
5	Love this place. Love their products. However it is dangerous because you'll go in for one thing, and end up buying five! ;-)
4	Ok, so since I have been here several times, I think a review should be in order. Now before you go on judging me, I come here only because I am accompanying my wife. You will never find me here all by my self. Great now that song is stuck in my head. "Don't wanna be........"I gotta admit, as you are walking by this place, you cant help but smell the nice aroma that is emitting from all their organic products. Once you enter you will find out that this is not your typical bar of soap type of place. My wife loves everything they have here and then some. Things like bath bombs, lip balms, skin balms, any type of balm you can think of they have. Should be called Lush Balm. LOL.Customer service is always excellent here. Sometimes I think the employees are required to take happy pills before starting their shift because they are always smiling and are very helpful.Coming from a guy that doesn't usually shop here, I think the 4 stars are generous on my part. Im sure my wife would give these guys 5 stars on her review. The only difference is that the items she gets usually comes out of my pocket and does tend to get a bit pricey sometimes.So Lush, thanks for helping to keep my wife's skin, hair, and lips soft and silky especially in giving her samples of new and current products. Im sure this marketing scheme of yours works every time because I find myself taking her here every so often.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #30
4	I really really like this place, I haven't tried all of their products but their bath bombs are truly amazing! You have to try Big Blue it is the best one I've tried so far and it make my bathroom smell wonderful for 3 days!
5	Came here yesterday and went on a total spree! With the help of beautiful Desi and assistance of Stephanie they put together a nice little package for me. Since I am highly allergic to nuts, Shea butter, and Jojoba, the girls were extremely helpful. The majority of the products are vegan and organic hoo! I've always been a huge fan of Kora (Miranda Kerr's brand) and Lush certainly lives up to my standards.Here's what I got: Volcano Foot Mask- amazing since I'm on my feet bartending the majority of the week. It really keeps my feet soft and flip flop ready!Ocean Salt Exfoliator- I've used this twice since yesterday and holy Wow... My skin is already brighter and softer. I even trusted this product enough to use on my face. Flying Fox Shower Gel- omg... Can we say luxury in a bottle!? 3 types of organic honey will moisturize your skin like no other product Ive ever used. Andy even tried it last night and loved it. Dream Cream- This cream deserves a medal. I have horrible dry skin and I've tried everything from prescription lotions to one's that cost ethyl over 300$ a bottle and not a single one compares to this product. Over night my skin has transformed and has a beautiful glow. Whatever you do... Get this product..Cynthia Shampoo and American Cream Conditioner tried them both once last night, they're great from what I can tell. American Cream makes your hair smell amazing! I also got a sample of the Gorgeous Facial Moisturizer. Can't wait to try it.A huge shoutout once again to Desi and Stephanie for their patients and help. This is such an amazing place. I'm so happy to use these beautiful products.
5	I love Lush, and I REALLY love this store. It's located in the Shops at Mandalay Bay and you can avoid dealing with the casino by using the shop's valet parking. Lush products can pretty much sell themselves. They smell great, they work well, and they are made with natural ingredients. On my most recent visit to Lush, I was specifically looking to Lush-ify my skin-care routine. I have many friends that swear by all sorts of different Lush products for cleansing and moisturizing their face, and I had checked out the Lush website earlier in the day so I had a general idea of what I wanted to try out. I wish I could remember the name of the absolute doll of a sale associate that helped me out. She was so knowledgeable about the different ingredients that were used in each of the products I asked about, what the benefits of those ingredients were, even how long I could expect each bottle or tub of product to last me. I spent more money than I was expecting to, but I am thrilled with what I walked out with... Here is a quick breakdown of what I took home:-Angels on Bare Skin: My new cleanser. It's clay based with ground almonds to exfoliate away dry, flakey skin. After sampling this on the back of my hand I was sold, and I am thrilled with how clean and soft my face felt after using it at home.-Eau Roma Water: My skin tends to feel tight and dry and can be prone to redness. This product is perfect for someone like me, simple yet oh so effective. -Skin Drink: Recommended by a friend and by the Lush sales associate, my new every day moisturizer. A little dab goes a long way, and 8 hours after applying my face still feels soft and smooth.-Ro's Argan Body Conditioner: My new favorite thing. I LOVE the way the bath melts that Lush sells makes my skin feel, but I don't have time to take a bath every day. This body conditioner is used in the shower, and leaves my skin so soft, I don't need to apply any lotion! And it makes me smell like I just spent hours rolling around in rose petals. I LOVE this stuff.-BB Seaweed Fresh Face Mask: I was a little disappointed because they were out of the mask I usually get (The Sacred Truth) so I decided to give this a try. I also got a sample of the Brazened Honey mask. I have not tried either yet. -Ultrabalm: A super skin salve that I got to use on chapped lips and dry patches on my elbows. The sales associate also said it's great for cuts and scrapes!-Assorted bath bombs and melts: I won't get into specifics because frankly, you just can not go wrong with any of these... Which is why I always get an assortment.  The Rose Jam Bubbleroon is my favorite though.I also got an assortment of samples of other products I was curious about or the associate thought I would like based on what I was purchasing. This was the biggest difference between this store and the other Las Vegas Lush store for me (other than size, this store is quite a bit larger). I am never offered samples to the Fashion Show mall location.I could gush on and on about all the amazing products Lush has to offer and the lovely lady that assisted me at this particular location... It's THAT good, if you haven't checked it out you are missing out.
4	I have walked by Lush a ton of times on the way to eat and complained about the perfume smell. Who wants to eat across from perfume smells? Well, when the hubby and I were upgraded to a spa suite, I surprised myself and stopped in. I found several bath bombs with mild scents. If you have allergies, the Sakura bomb is great! The bath bombs made our skin so soft and the smell was mild. The bubble bars really bubble. I only used half the bar and had bubbles in the tub for my entire bath. I was impressed with how soft my skin felt after using the Lush bath products. A bit expensive for an every day use, but it is a fun splurge while in Vegas.
5	So today was my bday!!!!!! Yaaaaaa. One thing that was on my list was lush. First off let me say that all of the ladies here were sooooooo helpful. We actually talked for a little while about things that were unrelated to homemade products. I love this location much better than the one at the fashion mall. This lush is much larger, better stocked, and they also give amazing customer service. I got two bath bombs, some fun soap, and the lettuce face mask and the cupcake face mask. I know what I'm doing tonight!!!! Relaxing, in a nice hot bath.Lol.But truly, please go here your mind and body will thank you. Make sure you like them on Facebook too.Another fact!! If you like the face masks that require refrigeration, then make sure you go on Thursdays because that's when they get their shipment in. If you go on another day, they might not have all of the different ones to choose from.This will definitely be my go to store every two weeks to treat myself to something different and great each time for my body.Btw, this store smells so delicious!!!
4	I love this Lush location!  I love all the vegan products, clearly marked on every package and that they use ethical business practices. Everyone that works here is super knowledgable and friendly. My ONLY small gripe is that their service is so good that employees are constantly approaching you (every minute or two) asking if you need and help and up-selling.
5	This is the best Lush store in town. Spacious and the employees are more than willing to help you with free samples and product demonstrations. It's fun to sample everything and there's mini bottles to buy if you want to try something without spending a fortune. The store is also kept extremely tidy and smells amazing.
5	I absolutely 100% love Lush. I got: Cynthia Sylvia Stout Shampoo (doesnt lather, smells like beer, but so refreshing!!) I Love Juicy Shampoo (lathers well, smells like straight mango, very cleansing) American Cream Conditioner (LOVE THIS, smells like vanilla, leaves hair so soft) Flying Fox Shower Gel (lathers well, honey scented, leaves skin squeaky clean) Ocean Salt Face/Body Exfoliant (LOVE THIS!! Has coarse and fine salt, do not get it mouth! Ew) D'Fluff Shaving Creme (super awesome, very creamy and smooth, strawberry scented) African Paradise Body Conditioner (LOVE THIS!! this is expensive but so awesome!! Leaves skin velvety soft) Fresh Farmacy Face Wash Soap (soft scented, for sensitive and problem skin, very light and refreshing) Imperials Face Mousterizer (very light, non scrented) Lemony Flutter Cuticle Cream (LOVE THIS! very thick, good for feet, light lemon scent) Wiccy Magic Sugar Scrub (break off pieces and use to exfoliate, sweet scented, dissolves  nicely) Tea Tree Facial Spray (havent seen dramatic results from this, earthy scent, refreshing) R&B Hair Mousterizer (feels grainy and gross when I put in my wet hair, but once it soaks in it leaves hair so soft) Mint Julip Lip Scrub (very effective without being harsh, edible, delicious) Dark Yellow Foundation (med-thick coverage when applied liberally, can be mixed with mousterizer for thinner coverage. I am light colored Hispanic decent and this matches my skin perfectly) Love Lettuce Fresh Face Mask (very grainy, for oily skin, earthy scent, easy to remove) Angels On Bare Skin Face Wash (sample size, not very impressive, weird sponge texture, earthy scent) Ickle Babybot Bath Bomb (good for before bed, chamomile/lavebder scented) Butterball Bath Bomb (vanilla scented, very soothing) Granny Takes A Dip Bath Bomb (colorful, makes bathtime fun) Floating Island Bath Melt (light coconut scent, relaxing, multiple uses) Cinnamon massage bar (LOVE THIS!! Good for sore back muscles, smells like spicy christmas!! Very oily) Dirty Toothy Tabs (alternative to toothpaste, smells minty but does not taste minty, foams up a lot, leaves teetg very clean) overall I love all the produ ts from Lush and I am a life time Lushie!!!
5	Once again, lush has proven to drain my bank account but still manages to make me feel really good about it. There is something about relaxing skin products that puts you in the best mood! The service is always phenomenal at lush and this location wasn't any different. I went in for ocean salt, and left with so much more! The staff was knowledgable about all of the new products (yes, I tried ALL of them), and I managed to get new hair products and body lotion. Additional first for me was the lip scrub and balm. I got the popcorn lip scrub and use it everyday! I'm pretty sure that can't be good for my lips, but it's so worth it!
5	I've been hearing so many great things about Lush. When Jessie B invited me to come along I was so excited to check it out! When we walked in we were immediately greeted. Jessie started showing me the beautiful and yummy smelling bath bombs. We were then approached by Sally. She was so sweet and helpful. Before I knew it Jessie and I were soaking our arms and Sally was asking us what we were looking to purchase. She grabbed a bunch of things for us to try. It was like a mini spa day. Sally demonstrated facial masks, body gels and even a boob tightening cream called Lovely Jubblies. How cute! She even massaged our arms!! Super sweet!!I really love that Lush's products are all natural and smell amazing. They are a bit pricey, but I'm telling you it's so worth it. Also, if you want to try a product and you don't want to commit to a whole bottle the girls at Lush will give you samples. So cool! I ended up getting a really cool face mask called Mask of Magnaminty and Vanilla Puff! Both I really love! Plus, I left with tons of samples. I can't wait to go back. Now I totally understand why all my friends love Lush so much!
5	Knaila is an awesome salesperson.  She was very helpful and patience and knowledgable.  Customer Service A++++.  I will shop at this store everything I'm in Vegas.  THANKS again Knaila!!!!!
5	We stayed at the Mandalay Bay one christmas and I was fortunate enough to stop into Lush while shopping around hotel, and have been hooked ever since. They are so friendly here and offer hand and foot massages with their fantastic products. That is how they first hooked me. I have tried facial products, nail and hand products, bath melts, and my favorite are bath bombs. They are so relaxing and soothing. My favorite is avobath and sex bomb. They are must tries for anyone who loves to be taken away like in the old Calgon commercials.
5	Located in The Shoppes at Mandalay Place, this has to be my favorite LUSH location in Vegas.Upon entering, you'll be greeted immediately, Staff here is too friendly without being all up in your space if you don't want them to be.My very first time purchasing Lush was for their mint julips lip scrub ($9.95) and honey trap lip balm ($7.25). I had problems with getting chapped lips during the winter and Vegas dryness didn't help much either. They have got to be my favorite products from here. Save your lips with these.Since then, I've tried their popcorn lip scrub, porridge soap, bohemian soap, honey I washed the kids soap, and their dirty soap bar. All have been great. Recently got into their dirty massage bar that smells like mint chocolate and I'm a fan. Rub against your hands and oils just release onto your palms. While here, you can test their products. Staff will assist you and give you a mini spa treatment with whatever product your looking for. Samples also available. Good selection of gift sets too. Also, after 5 empty black pots, you can recieve a fresh face mask for free.It's pricey here but definitely worth the splurge!
5	Service was awesome! They were very helpful and informative. They knew when to help out and when to let us browse. They gave us lots of samples unlike the Fashion Show location that doesn't give out any! Much larger location and friendlier staff.
5	Out of Mandalay Bay and Fashion Show's locations, I prefer Mandalay Bay! Much larger, well stocked, and I feel that the employees are more passionate/professional & appreciate your business at Mandalay compared to Fashion Show :)Here are a few products that I recommend:-Mask of Magnaminty ($12.95): Minty and soothing face mask! Great for oily/combination skin.-Cupcake fresh mask ($6.95): Chocolatey and slightly minty. Although doesn't feel AS refreshing and deep-cleansing as Magnaminty, it's still a very fun mask to try out and all my friends & family love it.-Dream Cream ($26.95): One of their best sellers! Works for every skin type, I have sensitive skin and this doesn't irritate my skin at all.-Vanishing Cream ($42.95): Pricey but if you have oily/combo. skin like me this is perfect to keep your oily skin at bay, but the drier parts still hydrated. -Honey I Washed The Kids Soap ($7.95): BEST SMELLING PRODUCT EVER CREATED. Honey/toffee goodness. It is pricey per block, the staff is generous though w/ samples if you ask nicely ;)They are most known for their bath bombs and bubble bars, which I highly recommend too! Price varies from $3.95 to $10.95+. They pretty much have everything from citrus to sweet scented. My favorites to mix up in bath tub are the twilight bath bomb and the french kiss bubble bar. Mix these two up and makes the water reallyyy pretty colors w/ sweet/lavender aroma. Well, all of their stuff is pretty, I just like the color pink.. a lot...AND the employees are really friendly & helpful here, never pushy or annoying - I actually like when the employees give you recommendations & personal experiences with their products! Then.. there's some employees like at Fashion Show that when you ask them a question and they just read the ingredients on the back of the package *facepalm* PLEASE please please Lush open a store in Town Square !
4	There are certain things I have no qualms splurging on, but cosmetics are not one of them. On this rare occasion I was curious about their famous bath bombs and decided to give them a try while I was at Mandalay Bay waiting for our show to start.The shop is cute and everyone was very friendly the moment I walked in. I tend to prefer to shop alone, it took a while for the sales associate to take the hint, but she was very nice so I would never hold it against her.I enjoyed the items I purchase and if I'm ever feeling a little spendy again, I'll be back.
5	I love lush products and this location in particular is my favorite because the employees who work there are awesome! Never did I get the feeling that they were trying to make a sales. The workers there were so pleasant. I also looked frumpy the first time I visited but I still got treated well. I bought a lot of stuff that day and came back for more the next day.
