5	Imagine driving by the shopping center for weeks, seeing the "opening soon" sign for yet another Triple D featured restaurant.....waiting.....waiting.....waiting.....until one Sunday morning, we think it is open.  We pull in only to see the dumpster still out front.  But wait - there are people inside.....could it be......maybe.......yes! It was the soft opening for Over Easy, a new shining star in the East Valley skies!We happened to fall into the restaurant on the day BEFORE the official grand opening - which meant that we were one of the first to taste their menu on this side of town while overlooking the little oops that come with opening a new business.The decor is bright and cheerful - and comfortable.  Nothing fancy, very functional - so I won't review the service that day b/c it still had some kinks to work out - and that was to be expected  - but i will say that what those servers lacked in experience, they made up for in enthusiasm in trying to get it right - and I am sure by now they have!We decided to start with the very basics and just ordered omelets and coffee.  I like that the omelet menu lets you choose a meat, a cheese, and a veggie so you can really make it your way.  The omelets come with potatoes and toast.  Lots of potato selections including old-fashioned slice potato home fries, just like my mom made in her restaurant.  No onions or peppers, just good fried potatoes.  Nice toast selection as well - including marble rye which was a treat for me (I never see marble here - reminded me of back home).  THe omelet was nicely stuffed - I ordered ham, mushroom and swiss.  There was some time taken with the omelet to ensure a good even mix of fillings and I the 'shrooms were freshly sauted, not canned and - I could be wrong - but I swear there were baby bellas in there.  Either way, it was a hearty breakfast.  Coffee was hot, fresh, and a nice blend - strong enough for DH but not so strong that I couldn't enjoy an extra cup.  As we looked around to see what the other patrons were enjoying, we saw lots of omelets and egg dishes, with a few diners enjoying the Brioche French toast.  Lots of clean plates and happy faces.  I think that OE Gilbert is off to a good start - and a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
4	I really enjoy the food and atmosphere at Over Easy. I had a cup of coffee and the spinach benedict with hash browns. My hash browns were done perfectly, but one of my eggs was hard poached. I really look forward to breaking into a perfect runny poached egg yolk with my benedicts, and when I told Laura the problem, she was quick to ask the kitchen to poach me a new egg. The menu has a great variety of high-quality food.
5	So New Years Day and we didn't want to make our own bkfast... I saw this place a week or two ago and we're always on the lookout for bkfast places.  We are early birds.  Quick Note : They don't open till 6am.Once we got there and ordered I was shocked at the sizes!  Well worth the price.  DH got an omelet (pictured) and ended up taking half of it, the hash and the toast home for lunch.  I got 2 eggs..I'm not really the exciting bkfast person but love some scrambled eggs.  I was thrilled with this place.  Its close and good with options for everyone and a cute ambiance.
2	Tried this for the first time today.  While my hubbies french toast was wonderful and the kiddos enjoyed their meal, my biscuits and gravy tasted much like bacon grease and flour.  Sending it back and trying something else is what I would have liked to do, but the server never returned to check on us until my family was finished with their meal.  The owner did apologize and asked us to give them a try again.  Maybe I will, if the staff gets some training.  Everyone seemed completely overwhelmed.  It's too bad~as I love going out for breakfast.
5	I have been to the other site in Phoenix, so I was excited to see one near me. Had early breakfast to celebrate New Years. Had the traditional Eggs Benedict. Really yummy. The hollendaise was perfect, as was the poached eggs. Even the muffin was better than most. Sweet potato lots are crisp and tasty. Will come back again not only for the food, but for the great service.
2	I was excited to see Over Easy come to the East Valley especially since I experienced the original restaurant on 40th & Indian School in the old Taco Bell building.  I was hooked and remember recommending Over Easy to LOTS of people.  Even though I lived in Gilbert, I still took a trek to Central Phoenix because I loved the food, the wait staff, the ambiance.  When the restaurant closed and moved down the street on Indian School, I wasn't sure what happened, but the quality of food and the service started to wane and each visit become increasingly disappointing.  I had a former boss from Orange County visit earlier this year and he heard me talk so much about this place.  He stayed in Scottsdale but found his way (with his family) to Over Easy.  They weren't very impressed. Well, when I saw that Over Easy opened on Warner Rd., I immediately told the family....Over Easy is here!  I hadn't visited in awhile, so I thought maybe they worked out their kinks and have restored the quality that I had come to love back in the day. I visited the restaurant TWICE this week, and I am officially over OVER EASY.  The hostess (there both days) was atrocious and extremely unprofessional and unfriendly.  I ordered the chiliquilies which I absolutely raved about and it seemed like a completely different dish.  On my second visit, I brought my wife and kids and she saw another customer with the chiliquilies, and asked the owner (or manager) about it.  He said,  "it's basically Nachos".  I couldn't believed he was dogging his own food.  It was obvious they were not committed to high quality of anything.  My kids (ages 8 and 12) even noticed the poor service.  The has browns were lukewarm (both days) and the portions were definitely different from my original experience back in Phoenix. Needless to say, I need to cancel my text I sent to several of my friends that Over Easy was open in Gilbert.  I'll tell them not to bother; especially if the mean hostess is still there!  What a shame.....
2	So I have eaten at this place twice and the reason I give it 2 stars is primarily the atmosphere and very friendly staff. The ambience is cool, fresh and bright. The staff is very attentive and nice. Now to the food. Very mediocre. Had a hard time believing it was on the food network. The Wolfpack was just a plain tasting meal. And the second time I went I ordered chicken fried steak. The gravy was sooo bland I scraped it off the meat. The home fries were also kind of lackluster compared to other breakfast eateries in Gilbert such as Liberty Market or the Farmhouse just as examples. What really had me miffed on the second visit, my friend and I sat at the bar. Shortly after we arrived another couple sat next to us. We all waited about 20 minutes maybe a little more for our food. But the couple that sat next to us got their meal paid for bc of the wait and my friend and I didn't. We waited just as long and also had a single item each. Just didn't seem right but all I can say is that I have no imnmediate plans to return. I believe two chances is enough especially after this incident.
3	I liked it and I'll go again. They provide typical breakfast foods but with several different dishes that I want to try the next time I go. Today was my first visit and I had the Wolfpack and it was tasty and hearty.I also had a side of the corned beef hash. I liked it because it was the same way my Dad used to make it, simple and good.  The wait staff and bussers did a great job. As typical with a breakfast restaurant on 10:30am on a Sunday there was a wait. They said 15 to 20 minutes and I know we didn't wait any longer than 20 minutes. The coffee was really good and hot. I like it when I'm nearing the bottom of my mug and the coffee is still nice and warm. I had three issues:The eggs in my Wolfpack were supposed to be over easy but were over medium. A manager came over to us while we were eating and asked how things were. In the process of the conversation he made it clear that they will do their best to adhere to requests such as switching out the bacon in the Wolfpack with sausage which I think would be better. The waitress didn't mention this but that is an indication of lack of training which is on the management, not the waitress.A side of corned beef hash is $4.50. While I liked it, it was not worth $4.50.The table next to us order some of the Benedict entree's and they looked really good. I'll order one of those next time I go.
5	Great place to open. Food is great as well as the service.....
3	Service was good. Food was nothing special. Prices were too much for what I got. I think Ill stick to The Farmhouse in downtown Gilbert.
1	Went to the new Gilbert store.  Asked what the speciality was for the restaurant and the staff had no clue.  Employees knew nothing about the menu or the food.  Food was about average and very pricey for small portion size.  Both my wifes and my hash browns were burnt and I showed to waitress who said "YEP, LOOK LIKE THERE BURNT ALRIGHT" and did not offer to replace them or make any adjustments.  When I asked her to replace them and she looked really confused and appeared really suprised that I actually had asked her to do so, so I just let it go.  We were the only people in the store with about 5-7 tableservers and we still received very poor service.  Nothing really to write home about, will not be back.
2	What a disappointment!! I had such high hopes since everyone on yelp wanted to rant and rave about how good the wolf pack was as well as the strawberry rosemary lemonade.  I had come here with my boyfriend who is not a huge breakfast fanatic like myself and I have tried so many places as far as breakfast goes.  My favorite is still Crackers and Co by far.  So as my boyfriend made all the faces known to man looking at everything I was pretty set on what I was about to order.  As I thought about ordering the wolfpack I was tempted to order the half order of the carmelized banana french toast; but saw other peoples plates and the size of the wolfpack sort of forgetting about they had the wolfpack club opted out of getting the french toast(bad idea, b/c the wolfpack was a lot smaller obviously) . In my opinion the wolfpack and the woldfpack club is COMPLETELY overpriced. I can make the club for about 11 dollars spent at the grocery store and serve up 12 dishes of it.  I know restaurants tend to be overpriced especially this once since guy fieri has been to the main location.  As our food was on its way my boyfriend b****ed and moaned about how gross both the lemonades we had ordered were(rosemary and mint) and i couldn't agree more.  Then came to realize that there was an alcoholic beverage menu which he then decided to complain how he didn't see it and wish he saw it first. Our waiter had said he doesn't drink and IMO probably why he decided not to tell us about the menu to start off with.  My boyfriend is irish and can definitely drink like a fish; Every drink he had ordered that was SUPPOSED to contain alcohol he said it did not taste like there was an ounce of alcohol in it.As our food had arrived, I noticed that the wolf pack would disappear within a matter of 5-10 minutes, and had wished that I ordered the french toast half order.  My boyfriend order the chiliquiles and looked like nachos with 2 over easy eggs on top. definitely glad I didn't order that for breakfast.  Some of my boyfriends toast was burnt so i ate the burnt slices for him to scrape my plate with.  Today's total for our food and drinks was not what I expected to spend for 25 dollars a person.  If I would have knew we were going to spend that much I would have waited til sunday and went to wandering horse buffet for all you can eat for 5 dollars more a plate. Or waited for dinner and went to fogo de chao for all you can eat brazilian steak and such.  What a waste. When I go back with my friends, I will be ordering the half order of carmelized french toast and steak. Now that sounds like a winner compared to my breakfast today.
5	Today was our second visit to Over Easy.  The place has been busy every weekend since it opened, so we were hoping the rain would keep people home today.  However, it was still packed but we were able to sit immediately because the patio was open (the north-facing patio is going to be great for breakfast this summer.)Both times we have been here, the service has been great, and the staff all very friendly. Our server did a great job keeping our coffees and waters filled. The manager came out to our table a couple of times to make sure everything was good.One of the nice thing about Over Easy is are the unique items on the menu ... particularly, Gary's Spinach Loaf ... it's simply amazing!  My husband loved the corned beef hash and my children loved their strawberries and cream waffles and cheddar jalapeno biscuits and gravy.  The portion sizes are normal sized and the ingredients are fresh.  If you are looking for huge "lumberjack special" 1200 calorie breakfasts,go to Denny's ... if you're looking for a GREAT breakfast, this place is hard to beat. Oh ... forgot to mention, they also serve local beers and specialty drinks.
1	Overall not a good experience on any front.  The food is overpriced.   $6 for a large orange juice is ridiculous and it didn't taste that great.   The quality of the food is not adequate.  The toast was over toasted and burnt.  The fruit looked over-ripe almost to the point of rotting.    When we pointed this out to the waitress, nothing happened.   Overall very disappointing. There are much better choices in the area.   Stay Away
4	Arrived at 10:30 on a Sunday morning for a late breakfast and were informed of a 30 minute wait. There were empty tables inside and in the patio, so not sure if they were understaffed or what. Once we were seated all was fine. Interesting menu items, food was served hot and the drink menu was a pleasant surprise. Mama liked her Bloody Mary, and my coffee was good. Our waiter was attentive and checked on us just the right amount. We'd like to see them add regular tabasco sauce to their available hot sauces. We'll be back!
1	I want to give a 2 stars because the service staff was friendly and good as well as ambience was decent.  But we came here for food not to meet the staff.  Food was just really mediocre, not even hot.  The hashbrowns taste pre-cut and frozen.  The "real maple syrup" is just a maple syrup blend.  I could make a lot better food myself.  We had pancakes, bacon, and the wolf pack.  All the prices were way too high with food that's more on par with denny's.  Would rather IHOP across the street.   Unfortunately it looks like another lackluster joint resides here (before nypd pizza).
2	I had gone a second time to give their caramelized banana french toast a chance to makeup for last times visit.  As you can see by my rating. The french toast was good but something that i wouldn't say is caramelized for beginners and then I can easily make this stuff at home for half the price. My friend had ordered the reeeses pancakes and said it taste like a normal pancakes with hints of reeses bites  every couple of bites.  Think this will have been my final visit.
2	It's sad when you can say that Denny's has a better chicken fried steak, but it is the truth! The gravy was bland and the steak was like cardboard.  Maybe if they had Tabasco to add some flavor it wouldn't have been so bad, but they don't have Tabasco!?  I did enjoy the Mimosa.
4	We've been here twice now.  Both times was a Sunday around 11:am.  Both times we were told there would be about a 35-45 minute wait so we decided to wander around and run a quick errand.  When we returned 30 minutes later, our names had been called.  Since we weren't there they had given our table to the next party, but they put us on the top of the list and were seated within 2 minutes.  Lesson learned- the wait isn't nearly as long as they say it will be!  I will say, maybe because we've been there during a busy time, but the girls at the hostess stand didn't seem very happy.Both times I had the chicken fried chichen with waffle.  The waffle was average to good, but the chicken was awesome.  This is why I've yet to try something else- a decent waffle and a great piece of chicken is hard to beat.  Add saracha hot sauce to the chicken- a little is all you need!  YUM!  The servers, unlike the hostess, have been great.  Checked on us regularly, kept us updated on the status of our order, and best of all, they smiled.  My partner has had one of their breakfast sandwiches and a scramble with egg whites and steak.  The scramble looked (and according to him tasted) delicious.  Lots of meat!  Their prices are pretty average for the area.  The decor is nice and bright, it is very open and clean- a great place to start your day.  We've been there twice in a month and hope to keep going!
4	I went here last Sunday after a race (with a very hungry stomach) and I was completely satisfied.  First, let me say why the four stars instead of five stars.The place was packed and the tables are close together.  This isn't super typical for the Gilbert area, so I'd like to see a little more space.  BUT, that being said, I'll still come back again because that's only a minor issue.  The server was fantastic and polite, but I think they were a little understaffed for the weekend.  For those two reasons I'm giving a four instead of five star rating.But, when it comes to the food and menu...FANTASTIC.  I had a chicken friend steak with country gravy, two eggs and hashbrowns.  The meal was delicious.  My friend had pecan waffles, and they were also quite good.  The place is kid-friendly.  And they are happy to give to-go cups for drinks, which I always appreciate.  I like the upbeat vibe of the facility, and it was clean.  If you haven't tried this place yet, I do recommend it.  I know I'll be going back for more.  The only bummer is the possible wait, because it's good.
3	Food was good and allot. I sat at the bar, weird choices on the menu. Your looking at a $ 8.00  breakfast not including a drink. Would I go again.      Yes Sat & Sun would go early.Small dining.  Fill up quick
2	Went to breakfast a couple of weeks ago with friends. It wasn't anything to write an awesome review about. I had the egg/mushroom omelet. I was a little runny, but I think it was because they got my order wrong the first time and rushed to make me another. I might go back and try other things, but it's also a bit over-priced so maybe not. When there are endless choices of breakfast places, I would go back if others were going there. I probably wouldn't suggest it.
5	The Lox, Eggs, & Onions was delicious.
4	My husband loved the chicken and waffles and I got the country fried steak with eggs and hash browns. The food was delicious but the steak was a bit tough. Overall we would go back!!
5	Visited for the first time this morning and even though it was recommended by a friend who'd dined 2-3 times before I was hesitant seeing all the negative reviews. We thought it was great! Arrived at 8:15, sat on the patio and had great food & service. We had the brioche french toast, waffle dogs & scrambled eggs - all were great! We will definitely be back.
3	The wife and I eat breakfast out every weekend, and we're always looking for someplace new in the Chandler/Gilbert area, so we were excited to try Over Easy. We're early risers and arrived before 8 on a Saturday; we were seated immediately at a table on the patio, as requested.The menu looked good, and I ordered the spinach loaf--the closest thing I could find to a signature dish. Imagine my surprise when the server came back a few minutes later to apologize and say they didn't have any--it would be ready in 25 minutes or so. Now, they open at 6, and the place was nearly empty, so how would you not have the signature dish ready to go an hour later?Plan B was the Crying Pig. The omelet was good overall. It was seasoned well, tender, and cooked just right. My only complaints are that instead of using grated cheese, they just threw a slice of Swiss in before folding it over. This resulted in the cheese being inconsistently distributed; it was a rubbery glob at the center of the omelet. The onions needed a few more minutes in the skillet, too--they were still a bit crunchy and had no color to them at all. The hash browns were perfectly griddled but bland; a little salt fixed that just fine.Coffee is always a gamble for me. I love good black coffee, but the first time I go to a restaurant I always ask for cream and sugar in case it doesn't cut it. This morning's brew was cream-and-sugar stuff.The Boss ordered the eggs with sauteed mushrooms. The mushrooms were porcinis, hardly the wild 'shrooms on the menu, but we both knew "wild" would mean dried, so it was no big deal. But call a duck a duck for goodness sake. The mushrooms were really good, with fresh thyme, but there were way too many for the two eggs. Her sweet potato tots were nothing special. Probably poured from a bag into the fryer and artificially sweet. They were fried nicely, but fell flat; we should've known better...When the server brought our check, she let me know she had comped my omelet because they didn't have the spinach loaf. Nice gesture, but I ordered something I wanted and it was fine. This kind of knee-jerk reaction always seems to me like a restaurant expects a complaint and is just acting defensively. Honestly, it almost cost them a star, because it just felt like a desperate move.So, in the end, the food was fine, but not good enough to make our regular rotation--and certainly not what I'd consider a destination for breakfast.
2	not worth the trip.  Food is average and overpriced
1	This place is laughable and pretentious. We went in for breakfast on a Saturday morning, the 20 minute wait was expected and the least of our worries. The server was by far the worst experience i have ever seen, after the second failed attempt at taking our drink order the yahoo finally decided to write it down (there were only 4 people in our party - 3 coffee's, 2 waters, an iced tea and a large OJ - even i remember that). . It took about 5 minutes for the drinks to stagger to our table.After sitting for about 10-15 minutes we finally placed our order, again (i should have known based on our drink order experience that this was going to be a long/bad experience). Again our order was written down (not that i fault a server for taking the time to do it right, its just a shock to see these days outside of a 5&Diner). 5 minutes later the server approached our table to notify me that the kitchen didn't have a component to the order i placed, not the end of the world but the time in which it took to become aware of it was the alarming part, how long did that guy really take to place our order? (just a little glimpse into our experience with this nameless server, when ordering sausage instead of ham on my mother in-laws eggs Benedict the server asked if she wanted links or patty's..... uhhhhh??? Really?). The food came SUPER FAST, almost annoyingly fast.My husband ordered the chicken and waffles, not what we expected.. A small SMALL waffle and a fried chicken breast - the whole plate looked half a**ed.My eggs Benedict's were acceptable, one of the eggs was completely cooked which means the rest of my plate missed half of the necessary yummy juices from that poor little overcooked egg. not the crime of the century just disappointing. mind you the eggs Benedict's do come with your choice of potatoes, so much to our surprise when her order arrived ala carte it was a shock - flagging someone down to advise of the partial order was a challenge. Thank goodness the manager was the one who was able to help. Lastly i think we watched our busy server buzz around the restaurant for at least 10 minutes after our meal was complete. All in all i was NOT impressed, the meal was overpriced, the plates were small (weird i know, but it made our food look awkward), the service was TERRIBLE so 1+1= Not planning on returning. .
3	We ate here -- it was average. I thought it was over priced. Won't be a place we will frequent! Definitely not worth a long wait.
5	This is now me and my boyfriends place for breakfast. I'm a little confused with some of the negative posts on here as we thought it was seriously the best breakfast we have ever had! We walked in and the place was so cute! Our waiter was super nice.  There was such a good variety of food and had things that were different than all the other breakfast places so we couldn't decide what to get so we ordered a ton of stuff and shared it all lol. The caramelized banana pecan French toast was delish!
1	Expected more when visiting this place.  I told the girl I was diabetic and asked for a recommendation and she recommended a Mexican breakfast I can't pronounce (Chilaquiles). I ordered it and it was basically breakfast nachos. Not dietetic for a diabetic...not sure why she recommended that. I tried it anyhow and couldn't eat it as the chips were a soggy mess. Sent it back for corned beef hash with "over easy" eggs...and it was nothing to write home about at all.What's worse is the grumpy service. When we walked in we stood at the front for 2 minutes before a server walked up and blurted "TWO?" Geez, how about a "Welcome to Over Easy, will there be two of you joining us this morning?"  Female manager did visit the table and was nice. When we were leaving, there were 2 employees at the front and neither batted an eye at us as we left. So...crappy greeting and non-existent parting. This was the first/last impression of this place sandwiched between mediocre food. Too many other great breakfast places that are much friendlier to guests with better food.
4	I thought this place was very good.  One of the few places around here that serves lox, and as a native New Yorker, I appreciated that!  I got the scrambled eggs with lox and onions.  It was salty from the salmon, but still good.  I got it with the sweet potato tater tots, and I really liked them.  Mine were actually a little more oily than I like, but I'm pretty sure that is because they were the first of the batch.  My boyfriend also got the tots and his were less oily.  Admittedly, A tiny piece of bacon ended up on my dish, probably from another one it was next to before getting brought over.  I don't eat bacon, so I picked it off.  Not the end of the world though.On the weekend, you should plan on arriving before 8:30AM unless if you want to stand in a line.  This is pretty common for any good breakfast places though.  The decor of the restaurant was hip and trendy.  Due to the screaming baby factor, my bf and I chose to sit outside.  It was very nice out there, but the seats are small.  If you have a bigger than average bum size (and considering this is an Arizona breakfast joint, you very well might), the chairs could be tight.  The chairs inside were padded and have not arms, so anyone can fit on those.  We will be sitting inside next time, in spite of the noise.Food was good, even for someone as picky as myself.  I also liked the coffee.  Our server, Tim, was great!  He gave us great recommendations on the food and was quick to bring us everything we needed in a timely fashion.  Other local breakfast places I enjoy are the Farmhouse, and the Morning glory Cafe at the Farm in Phoenix, to give you an idea of what I like.
2	This was a very disappointing visit. We have been wanting to try this breakfast spot for several months and finally did so this morning. We know to expect a wait at a breakfast spot on Sunday morning, so that was no big deal.The only reason we are giving over easy 2 stars is because the server was very nice and made suggestions from the menu when he learned none of the 5 in our party had been there.My wife is eating a dairy free diet due to our breastfed son, and she made the server aware of this prior to ordering. She ordered a breakfast sandwich with no cheese and requested the egg not be fried in butter. Her sandwich came out smothered with a slice of cheese- the server looked bewildered but took it back. It was replaced in about 2 minutes with another sandwich with 2 basted eggs (clearly cooked in butter), but the sandwich she ordered was supposed to be fried hard. We didn't bother sending it back again.I ordered the pollo loco omelet without the Swiss cheese. It came with a big glob of cheese inside it. I didn't bother sending it back but scraped the cheese out of it.Maybe they are better able to submit and make special orders on less busy days, but I don't think we will return to find out.
2	I went here after buying the Amazon Local Deal ($10 for $20). The location is clean, bright and modern...but the first thing that put me off was the coffee...NASTY. They have the 'hole in the wall cafe, drip coffee thing' going on which is all you can order. So no specialty drinks are available (as in an Americano or anything having to do with espresso).  I personally think that the industrial sized drip coffee machines tend to taste burnt and watered down...which was exactly what this coffee tasted like. If you ask me, A BREAKFAST PLACE SHOULD SERVE REALLY GOOD COFFEE. Period. Otherwise what's the point?The food was just ok...nothing special and certainly nothing to be remembered by. The pancakes tasted a little bland and my breakfast burrito (Selena) was just ok. I only ended up eating half of it and took the other half to go, which I'm going to take a wild guess that it's just going to end up in the trash anyway later today.I went with a friend for this visit but my husband has been wanting to try this place too. Once I tell him about the coffee situation, it will be over though. We won't be coming back.
3	I went to the original Over Easy once about 6 years ago, and I remember it being good so I was happy to hear they opened another one in Gilbert. Even better, there was a Living Social voucher available.I really like the decor of this place. The yellow and gray paint isa nice modern touch which is a very welcome change compared to all the country kitsch you see at other breakfast places in town.The coffee was acceptable but not good. I wish they would use fresh cream instead of the prepackaged cups. My breakfast burrito was decent. I liked the crispy hashbrowns inside a lot, but the tortilla was absolute crap. How can an Arizona chain be ok with using tasteless Taco Bell-esque tortillas? At least they served cholula and green tabasco along with the very mild salsa.My husband got the jalapeno cheese biscuits and gravy, and he was very pleased when they asked if they should serve the eggs on top or on the side (on top, of course!). However, the "sausage" gravy was white gravy with a quartered sausage on top of each biscuit. Weird and unsatisfying.
1	Stopped in this morning for breakfast and out group of three was sorely disappointed.  The service was awful.  The waitress had a terrible attitude and made is feel like we were a bother and wasting her time.  The hostesses weren't much better.  For as crowded as it was we expected halfway decent food.  My toast was burnt black to a crisp, the hashbrowns undercooked and very greasy.  The "small" orange juice for $3 came in what looked like a shot glass with no refills.  I will definitely not be returning, ill stick to Denny's if I want a mediocre breakfast for half the price of this place.
4	The good was great and prices are affordable.  We were surprised that the food arrived just five minutes after ordering.   Quick and pleasant service was a big plus at this venue.
2	It was ok. Enjoyed the freshly squeezed oj. My omelet was fair, nothing special. Spent 20$ (including tax and tip) for the above items and tea. I think $3.25 for a hot cup of water and limited tea selection was a bit much.  Not impressed. The decor is cheerful.
2	Not as good as the original.  "Real maple syrup" on the pancakes,  my dad didn't notice the fake syrup until it was too late. Server was rude,  made it clear that fake syrup "isn't her fault." I ordered the famous caramelized banana pecan French toast. Bummed that it came out warm-ish.To the owners of the original... get down here and straighten this place out!
1	I tried this place for the first time and I hate giving it 1 star but I have too. Over priced bland food. We much prefer Crackers and Co but there is not one really close to us so we thought we would try this place out. The only really good things we had was the coffee and the fresh squeezed OJ. My ex ordered the chicken fried steak and actually sent it back. the texture was tough, bland, and tasted greasy. He NEVER sends food back. Instead he ordered something they cant mess up-pancakes. My daughter had the kids meal with an over easy egg,a piece of bacon and hashbrowns. Still a small portion for $5 which is what all the kids meals are priced at. My son ordered the french toast and for $5 he got 2 pieces of french toast, nothing else. i ordered an omelette and again, bland and the cheese I expected to be smothered over the top but it was inside it and not much of it. I had to order salsa on the side to spice it up. We complained to the manager and he obviously took off the chicken fried steak but nothing else and they also knew it was a birthday breakfast and our first time there. I actually left a little embarassed at my choice of dining place. HUGE disappointment and we will not be back. Honestly we have had better food at IHOP and Village Inn and even Denny's. If you are coming for lunch and hungry, just go to Zipps next door they have the best wings and margs in town.
3	My favorite breakfast hot cakes!! But, the service was just ok and slow
4	This is a cute little breakfast/lunch spot if you are looking for something low key and where you don't have to wait for extended periods of time just to get served a cup of joe.I tried the strawberries and cream waffle, and it was great! The strawberries were fresh, the cream was not. Slight disappointment there, but I got over it pretty quickly when I tasted my over easy ice. It was an iced coffee with sweetened condensed milk. And let me tell you, sweetened condensed milk makes everything taste amazing!! They add a hint of mint, cinnamon and cardamom to it, which sounds a little crazy, but it's really quite refreshing.The prices are really comparable and the service was really friendly. Definitely will be back.
4	This is a good little spot. The coffee was delicious; my wife had a peach mimosa that she really liked.  It buzzed her up good.  I had the French toast and my wife had a Mediterranean omelet and they were both tasty.  The French toast was some of the best French toast I have ever had, the butter was awesome.  It was a really good meal and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.  So now that I have recommended Over/Easy based only on the food, I have to commend the manager for taking care of his customers.  I bought this living social coupon without reading the fine print, my bad, I'm sure we've all been there, and I wasn't supposed to be able to use it at the Gilbert Over/Easy, the coupon was for the Mesa Over/Easy.  I explained that I came all the way from Phoenix because I couldn't use my living social at the Phoenix Over/Easy and Jeff, the manager worked with me and applied a credit to my bill even though it was my mistake.  That's quality service that will keep me coming back.  I just had to let folks know, the food was good and that is the most important but the service was accommodating even though I was in the wrong and that's something every service oriented business should provide  Be good to people who keep the business going and they will come back.  Good food, great service.  I'll definitely be back.
3	Quite an interesting menu, good service and ambiance, but mediocre execution in the kitchen.  If they could get the kitchen to deliver on the promise of the menu, it would be a five-star breakfast joint for me.  I look forward to giving it another try at some point.
4	Great service, clean place, and a huge menu!  It was hard to choose but Julian helped us navigate through several choices and we landed on the chiliquiles with two over medium eggs and the wolf pack with same type of eggs.  We are in love with this great place and although it's a bit of drive for us; it will be on one of our regular places when we are wanting a bit to eat and are close to the Mesa/Gilbert area.
4	Today I went my wife & friends to Over Easy in Gilbert.  I wanted to try it since I saw a great review on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives.  I started out with the Waffle Dogs.  You get 3 Waffle Dogs with powdered sugar and real maple syrup for dipping.  What's a Waffle Dog you ask?  It's a cooked pork breakfast link skewered and dipped in waffle batter and deep fried golden brown.  They were tasty but at $8.50 for 3, i don't know if I'd order them again.  If they were around $6 for 3, I'd be more inclined to order them again.For breakfast, I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with my 2 eggs scrambled and Home Fries.  The Chicken Fried Steak was very delicious and had a nice coating to the meat.  The white country gravy was also delicious with big chunks of sausage in the gravy.  I just wish there was more gravy they would've put on the eggs and steak.The Home Fries I was a little disappointed in.  They were sliced potatoes.  I didn't taste any seasoning and they were real plain.  I was hoping for maybe bits of onion or something.  I will order the hash browns or even the tater tots next time.  Yes they do serve tater tots & sweet potato tater tots too.Overall the restaurant is very clean, nice size and the staff was friendly and efficient.  We had our food at our table withing 10 minutes of ordering which was real nice when you come hungry.  I will definitely be going back and try to bring other friends too or recommend them coming for a bite.  They do have a nice patio with a misting system if you choose to eat outside.  We got in at 8 a.m. on a Saturday morning and got a table right away.  The restaurant was a 1/3 filled at the time.  When we left at 9, the restaurant was full so we came at a great time.  There is plenty of parking and a nice seating area to wait if you needed to.My next breakfast I will try the Wolfpack or even be bold and order the Wolfpack Club with a tequila sunrise or a mimosa.
5	Today, the hubby, 2 of our friends, & I tried this location of Over Easy for the very first time and we all had a great time. We started off with an order of Waffle Dogs, which are cooked sausage links of pork, dipped in waffle batter and deep-fried to a crisp golden brown. They look like your typical corn dog, as to their appearance, but they're covered with a little bit of powdered sugar and comes with a small side serving of syrup to dip the waffle dogs in or to pour on the waffle dogs...whatever your preference is. The drawback I found with this waffle dogs was the price. 3 of them for $8.50 seems a bit steep to me. Now had there been more, I could justify it.Our waiter was Ryan and he was great. He had our food out to us in a matter of minutes after ordering and was on the ball with refilling drinks and getting anything else we needed (ketchup, for example for the hash browns). I had the Wolfpack and had my eggs done the way I like them best: sunny side up...and this meal was SO GOOD! I would definitely order it again! The portion size was just right for me, as I am really trying to make a more conscientious effort on controlling my portions. I topped it off with a refreshing glass of iced tea and really enjoyed my meal! Everyone in our party enjoyed the ambience of this place. It was nice and quiet and not that full when we got there at 8:00. When we left an hour later, it had filled up, so we chose a very good time to get there. Next time, I will have to thy the Eggs Benedict or one of their varieties of French Toast. With so many choices on the menu, it's hard to decide on which one to try, but that's what is fun about going to a new place, plus there's always opportunity for return visits and I will DEFINITELY return!
2	Was very disappointed after seeing this place on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives. The food looked absolutely brilliant. In person....not so much. We tried the original place in Phoenix. The food was less than appetizing. We salivated for a whole week waiting to go to this place and it was a complete crash and burn. The kids wanted to write the owner of the restaurant an email about how awful it was. My family and I thought we'd try again at the Gilbert location. Three out of four of our meals had ZERO flavor. We really had high hopes for this place, only to be let down....again. One last note, the service sucked! Not because they were slow or inept, but because not one girl from the hostess to our server smiled once or was pleasant in any manner. Not a way to greet your paying cutomers.
2	My hubby suggested trying this place out due to his love of "Loco Moco" and the difficulty of finding a restaurant who served it.  Upon entering the decor is modern, music pumping, a sweet bar serving WHAT?  That's right, alcohol!  We were seated promptly without a smile (someone was having a bad day apparently) and then it took 10 + minutes to be greeted by our waitress, who did apologize and took our order promptly and was served within 5 minutes.  I had the blueberry pancakes with powdered sugar and maple syrup.  Pancakes were a huge 3 stack with plenty of blueberries...unfortunately the pancakes were as dry as cardboard.  Hubby's Loco Moco was a smaller portion than anticipated, the burger patty was paper thin, however the eggs were cooked well along with the rice.  This isn't one of those places that I wouldn't say "hey!  I gotta go there again!" unless I needed a nice cold Kilt Lifter at 7 am in the morning with my breakfast.
4	Decent breakfast spot. I prefer I-Hop though.
4	I came back a 2nd time and brought a different friend with us.  We still came on a Saturday at around 11 am and while it was busy, we got seated right away.  I went big and got the Wolfpack Club which is the original Wolfpack but more bacon, an extra layer of hash browns and 2 more eggs.  The price of this bad boy was $16.50.  The original Wolfpack sells for $8.99 (I believe).  I was full but was it worth the money?  Kind of.  Instead of cheese it was topped it with I'd rather have the country sausage gravy on it instead.  So for $16.50, I'm going to get the Wolfpack (PlanetCabo style).  I will get the Wolfpack minus the cheese and get an order of biscuits and gravy and marry the 2 together. BAM!  A star is born.One of these days I will try their brioche french toast but my new concoction is calling me first.
2	I ordered Chilaquiles.  $8.50 - the menu is very vague, I would recommend asking what their version of a specific dish is because I was fairly disappointed with mine.  I received a platter of chips, cheese , salsa n an egg prepared over easy.  Looked like a platter of nachos.  They had missed one ingredient...chicken.  They apologized and asked if they could just give me a side of chicken. Then they gave me 20% off of my bill...not sure how I feel about that.  Anyway...just ask questions before you order!
4	Omelette was amazing, coffee was delicious.  The price was high, but a good breakfast has its price.
3	Visited 8/18/13.I ordered the Wolfpack. Took a suggestion from another reviewer and added gravy on top. The meal was perfect for what I was looking for. We were seated immediately. Had drinks filled immediately. And waiter was good about refilling coffee. I will admit that this place is a little pricey!! But it was a nice change from the chain restaurants for breakfast. It will be a consideration for breakfast next time around.
2	I was really looking forward to eating at the establishment, based on verbal reviews from friends. Usually I never review a restaurant after the "first look", my standard is 3 visits, but I felt since my two guests have both been here and were very positive I would give it a go. We chose to go on a Friday at noon, hoping for fewer customers and perhaps better service. Our decision was correct as far as fewer customers, only 4 other tables, hopes were high and quickly dashed. Our less than enthusiastic server Mariela acted as if we were bothering her by our mere presence. When my dining companions ordered ice water only, you could see  the annoyance in the server's face, however when I ordered an over priced coffee drink she seemed to perk up.  Thus began our dining experience.My friends and I ordered Eggs Benedict-Florentine with home fries, The Tammy breakfast sandwich with sweet potato tots and the Ham Steak with red eye gravy, two over hard hard hard eggs and hash browns, I duly emphasized "hard on the over hard.The wait for the food was adequate. The food arrived; the presentation on the Florentine and the Tammy was nicely done and my friend was very happy with the flavor of the hollandaise, many times hollandaise is not lemony enough, however I noticed the sauce did not stick to the eggs and dripped to the bottom of the plate leaving the english muffin bathed in a sea of sauce...ewww, obviously not properly prepared, probably did not cook eggs and reduction long enough before adding butter. The home fries did not look very appetizing and my friend did not touch them.No comments on the Tammy sandwich, positive or negative, the sweet potato tots were fine.Now we come to the disaster. If you are familiar with Ham steak and red eye gravy  you know that it is generally a 3/4 inch slice of pan seared ham (preferably seared in a cast iron pan) with a sauce which consists of hot coffee added to the pan juices and emulsified with  cold butter. What I received was an 1/8" slice of processed deli ham, which had been quickly thrown onto a flat top, barely any caramelization on the ham and no sauce on top. I received the sauce a few minutes later in a plastic portion cup. This was not a properly made red eye gravy, I am going to assume it was a bottled imitation. The hash browns were undercooked and cold in the middle and the worst part of the meal, yes it gets worse, the eggs were still gooey in the middle, not over hard. When I spoke to our utterly unenthusiastic server Mariela, her only response was "Um.. oh...well, do you want more eggs?" I replied no because I had lost my taste for them at that point. So to summarize, the meal was disappointing and when the eggs were sent back the server should have at least offered to take a couple of bucks off the check as a good measure. The service was lack luster and the server was more interested in flirting with the manager than attending to her tables. I left starving and frustrated.I recommend if you choose to try this restaurant do so with low expectations.I will try two more visits and see if they can redeem themselves. I am a three strikes out kind of person, so until my next review.  Chow Chow
1	Will never come here again.  While service was okay, food and presentation were horrible and totally overpriced!
1	If you're in the mood for sub-average food, poor service, and a lasting impression that you just got ripped off, come on down to Gilbert Over Easy!Our waiter visited our table no more than three times, and argued with us when she did show up. Want a refill? Too bad! What is this, Village Inn? Looking at the menu, where they have a few unique items, they have no combinations which ensured us an expensive tab for breakfast.Despite being recently featured in the New Times for their Chicken and Waffles, they have no appropriate condiments. No ranch, no honey mustard, no honey, just hot sauce. Our server even had the audacity to argue with us about what we should enjoy on our chicken. She stopped short of calling us liars, at least.When our food did arrive, it had the texture of rubber combined with the delectable flavor of cardboard. There was one exception -- my Eggs Benedict was a flavorless soggy mess. When it was time to leave, our server really shined! Previously absent, she made two surprise entrances to rapidly usher us out the door. We were left confused and unsatisfied, like our first high school dance.Seriously, Over Easy, get it together.
1	Was sat and once our waitress was reminded about us she admitted she forgot about us. Food quality poor. Hash browns were crunchy not crispy. Will not return
2	Average service. Bad food. I had Eggs Benedict and the english muffin was burnt so bad I almost could not saw through it with my knife. Hollandaise was tasteless. I was surprised they would bring the food to me like this.There are MANY better options in the area. Skip this one.On a side note: they seemed to not mind a customer having her dog in the outside eating area. I am a dog lover, but this is disgusting. Your dog does not belong at a restaurant! She should have been asked to leave.
3	Had the biscuits and gravy...they were OK. (Bland, not as warm as they could have been).  Also couldn't help but notice the couple sitting next to us, sending both of their meals back for being cold.  I realize this location has just opened - so I may wait a while before giving Over Easy another go.3 stars are for our friendly waitress and the yummy Bloody Mary mix.
4	It's breakfast food. If you can't get breakfast food right, then you should not be in the culinary world. Granted, making a French omelette, or poaching the perfect egg can be challenging, but it's literally one of the first things you learn in culinary school. But, being a short-order cook sucks. And I've been to OverEasy enough to say that the service is always on par with a good breakfast joint and their food always comes out on time and accurate. Even at their busiest times (which seems to be around 9-10 on a Saturday/Sunday), they are pleasant and the food is reliable. I will say this - their coffee is outstanding. And they don't complain when you ask for a cup to go.  It's not HEART coffee, but it's damn good.
4	I am giving four stars, service was amazing, but the cost of the food and what you get was not that great. The hash browns not cooked enough and cold bacon didn't help the situation. Eggs and toast wee the best, I will stick with those next time.
5	I came here despite the reviews.This place is oozing with curb appeal, and my waitress was friendly.Food came in a reasonable time, and the fair  prices reflect that the food is good quality.One thing about the other reviews: yelp puts bad reviews on top to sell ads to the restaurant. If you don't know this about yelp, know it now.This is an excellent establishment, and I will definitely return.This is a brunch diner and not the Ritz Carlton, please remember that when reading other reviews.
5	This place deserves the 5/5. My wife and I eat here often and have never had a bad experience. Service and food are exceptional. It's a losing battle when trying to decide a better place to go. Get the sea wench with the wolf pack breakfast and you will not be disappointed.
5	LOVE this place! Favorite dishes are the eggs benedict (several kinds on the menu - all yummy!) pancakes, and the breakfast sandwiches. Do expect a long wait on weekend mornings, but that's to be expected of a good breakfast restaurant.
1	Not good at all. The young staff basically ignores you if you have any grey hair. The food was just OK, but I won't be back. The Good Egg is much better.
4	I loved the ice coffee and everything I've ordered here has been fantastic!Is my go to breakfast joint while in this area.
3	I've been here twice, and had one experience that was better than the other. The orange juice is fantastic and fresh squeezed. Eggs Benedict is good, the hollandaise sauce is a bit more lemony and sour than I'm used to though. Caramelized banana French toast is amazing, as are the sweet potato tots. We didn't like the strawberry lemonade with rosemary at all- it was overly sugary and had no sour lemonade taste. The waffle dogs were good, but ours came out undercooked in the center with raw batter. Wait staff was very friendly though and got us a new order to go to make up for it. Overall not a bad breakfast joint, but not really my first choice.
4	We were pleasantly surprised with the food & drinks here. The chicken fried steak was delish! But the biscuits and gravy were not good enough to order again but were good enough to eat once. We were intrigued by the rest of menu & will definitely be back. The En Fuego Bloody Mary was great & spicy, just the way my husband likes it & who doesn't like bacon?! We would suggest to them though to keep the bacon as one piece instead of crumbling it on top of the drink- as soon as you tried to eat it, it sank - booooo! They have many nice hangover drinks to choose from so we will definitely be back for those too!
5	Let me start off by saying almost didn't come here. 3 stars and some bad reviews. On the bright side they do have a full bar, what could go wrong. Ordered the something pig omelet and it was very good. My faithfull side kick and bed partner Tiff, Orderd the eggs benedict and she loved them. Ordered the berry mimosa (dont drink whiskey till after noon. Doctors orders) that was 90% Champagne and was refreshing. Don't believe some of the reviews. Service was great and wasn't rushed out of here. Will be back here again.
5	I love to check out new breakfast places, I actually went there for lunch (but ate breakfast ;) The service was extremely fast and courteous. I ordered the "wolfpack"because I saw other reviews about it and it was FANTASTIC! The music was a  bit loud and hipster-ish but I didn't mind it. I went with my toddler and they had a children's menu and crayons. Highly reccomend!Con: I am a HUGE tabasco fan and they only had the green tabasco. HOWEVER, the waitress offered Sriracha sauce and I loved it!
4	Overall the food, service, and "diner" atmosphere was good, friendly, and clean.  We went here for the first time and enjoyed our breakfast.  Our waiter was friendly, refilled our drinks often, and was personable.  The food was quick to be delivered to our table - we had blueberry pancakes and an omlet -   We will go back!
4	Two days in a row!! Two!! Good service, nice decor, excellent food, FREAKING AMAZING Bloody Mary's....I've found a new breakfast spot in Gilbert!!Our first visit was a day date for the hubs and I. He had been wanting to check this place out but thought the only one that existed was in Arcadia. I mentioned I had driven by the one on Warner and since we had other plans in Tempe that day, we decided to check it out. We arrived around 9:30am on a Friday and were promptly seated. During our time there, an hour or so, it really filled up.I ordered the chiliquilles. I asked our server what he recommended between those and the corned beef hash. The serving was large and I filed up quickly. The chips stayed crunchy through the whole meal...nothing worse than soggy chips. Blech! Not wanting to get loaded first thing in the morning (and therefore sleepy), we chose to split a Mary's en Fuego. Jalapeno vodka, Bloody Mary mix, bacon bits, Old Bay rim. YUM! It was spicy and so, so good. Highly recommended.On the next visit we brought the kids.  They loved their pancakes. This time I went with the corned beef hash. Meh. Small portion and not a lot of flavor. The chiliquilles is where it's at. Oh...and another Bloody Mary.
5	We have eaten here twice and have had great experiences both times.  LOVE that a breakfast spot in Gilbert has a bar and not just a mimosa.  Food is quick, delicious and meals are very large, we each had our own meal the first time and shared the second, not a Bloody Mary fan but their fresh squeezed OJ makes for a great mixer!  Staff is extremely friendly, even though they like the Seahawks....J/K.  Great breakfast spot!
1	Horribly bland food. No flavor what so ever. My wife ordered an omelet with home fries. I ordered the steak with eggs. Neither of our dishes tasted like they had any seasoning what so ever. The pancakes were OK at best. And the best part was the way overpriced bill for crap food.  Won't be visiting this place again.
4	Love the ambience, love the kid-friendly service, and love the menu. Very good service, good pancakes, good French-toast, but something weird is going on with the bananas. Were they coated in something or frozen/de-thawed? Or just off? I'm not sure but it was different. I'd get that delicious French toast again because the rest was so darn good. I'll be back, truly I will.
4	I love the atmosphere here and the food is always tasty. I love the Country Benedict. It has cheddar jalapeno biscuits with sausage, a poached egg and house made hollandaise sauce. Breakfast is my absolute favorite food and I love that they are open til 3 on the weekends so I can do brunch later in the day. This place is always really busy on the weekends though so be prepared to wait if you have more than two people. The wait usually isn't that long though, I've never waited more than 15 minutes.
4	It took a little bit longer than I expected, but worth the wait.The sausage tasted like real beef/steak/sausage.Not like fasted food restaurant places at all.Loved the variety of drinks they had to choose from, interesting.They need to change their coffee for sure though.Great service and nice vibe.
2	This was our first time at Over Easy. We visited the Warner location on a Sunday at lunchtime. It was very busy, but we only had to wait a few minutes. We were so hoping for a great breakfast place to add to our list of favorites; however, this is not one of them. My husband ordered eggs, bacon and hash browns with toast. He specifically ordered his fried eggs with NO SLIME on the whites and the yolks runny. The grill was obviously too hot since the eggs came out quite crispy on the edges but still slimy on top of the whites. Both of these issues are a cardinal sin in my husband's book! His hash browns were barely brown and the toast was only slightly toasted...no brown in sight and cold enough that the butter didn't melt on it! I ordered the fruit and yogurt bowl expecting a great bowl of mixed fruit with some yogurt on top. What I received was a rather large bowl of yogurt (too much for me!) topped with some fruit...a few blueberries, strawberries and cantaloupe. I think they could have done MUCH better with the variety of fruit since there is so much in the grocery store right now. There were a LOT of waiters and waitresses, so service was pretty fast...our waitress was very friendly and efficient on only her 2nd day on the job, which was a plus. However, we're still trying to decide if we want to give it another try since it was mediocre at best. Maybe if we order something else...
3	Good and unique breakfast choices on menu ..Its usually crowded but its because its a popular place. Its very busy always but the food is great. Its worth the wait...I will return..
2	Food was delicious. But customer service was awful. The hostess at the front seemed annoyed and she was short with her words and rude. The wait was over 45 min, the host said we were next on the waiting list and she sat people before us. Finally once we got sat, it still took us another 45 minutes to get our food. We arrived at the restaurant at 10, didn't get out til 1230.
1	I would not recommend this restaurant...Upon arrival, sour-puss, non-smiling hostesses. If I were their manager, I would tell them to smile to each and every guest at a minimum. If not, just go home. Waitress was fine. Nothing to compliment or complain about.The food... oh, the food... :/Bland. Tasteless. Biscuits and gravy was like eating paste... yea, that kind you get in kindergarten... don't lie, we all tasted it once! It did have chunks of cold sausage in it though which was good... If cold sausage is your thing.Home fries were NOT home fries. They were grilled sliced potatoes. No seasoning or onions or peppers.No free refills on iced coffee BTW, even though the waitress made it seem that there were...The real kicker: I ordered the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. They came out with a nice glaze over the top and hard as a rock poached eggs... the cook left it sitting in the heat lamp for too long (which is any amount of time greater than .01 second). I sent it back to receive about .25 oz of smoked salmon and maybe 2 T of bland Hollandaise sauce. Not quite the $12 dish I was expecting.Everything else was boring too.Blueberry pancakes and coffee were very good.Definitely NOT going to return. For the $60 it cost me to eat here, I could put out a killer spread and STILL have money left over to hit up Bergies for an outstanding ice coffee.
1	I came here after seeing Over Easy on the Food Network in hopes of some delicious breakfast food (the location on TV was actually the Scottsdale location, which might be a little different). Instead I got very bland food and sub-par service. I had the blueberry pancakes, which tasted like blueberries in a very plain bread, with a side of lemon curd, which was more like a butter with a hint of lemon, and hash browns, which were the most bland hash browns I've had at a restaurant, and they seemed like they had been sitting out a while. I was not impressed.
5	Best eggs Benedict I have ever had. The service was outstanding!! Very friendly atmosphere, kid friendly all around great place to eat!!!!!
2	been here a few times with the wife because they have decent morning happy hour on beer and mimosas but this time I didn't partake and I have to say, this place is not as enchanting if you aren't plied with booze.  most frustrating was the crappy service, and the fact that the server threw another server under the bus and said they were extra busy because someone else didn't show for their shift.  guess what, as a customer, I don't care if your service is terrible because the cook is banging a Martian on the grill - just be professional and apologize and manage my perception appropriately.  I was super embarrassed for the manager to have such uncouth employees working at this location.
3	Got the berry mimosa...yummm...and the wolfpack with goat cheese, eggs ever easy and country gravy...seriously delicious. Huge portions so be prepared to share! Cute diner feel and the staff was very friendly :) Will need to come back to sample the rest of the menu!
3	Very cute little brunch/breakfast place. Bonus? It's down the street from my house. lol. We were so hungry so we literally wanted everything on the menu. lol. I ordered the Chilaquiles. It has chicken, sour cream, cheese, and topped with eggs any style. This was quite yummy but it was spicy! Omg, I'm a wuss so I was dying. Someone should've warned me because it didn't say it on the menu. I think it would've been better if it wasn't so dam spicy for me. My friend ordered the Wolfpack. This comes with hashbrowns, cheese, bacon, and eggs. We topped it with gravy which made it delicious. We washed everything down with Mimosas. I like the mimosas here. For $5 you get a pretty good size glass, not one of those skinny champagne glasses that it comes in. I'll definitely come back to try some more items on there! =)
5	I think this is a good place. The service was really good and we got lucky and got a super good waitress. The food here is really good. I would recommend the chicken and waffles and the biscuits and gravy. The bloody mary and the mimosa are good. The orange juice is fresh and not bottled and there bloody Mary mix isn't pre mixed which is always a plus.Me and my wife will be coming back to try other things on the menu. The eggs Benedict are awesome as well.
5	Seriously one of the BEST breakfast places near me! They are always pretty busy so do expect a wait but it is well worth it! Plus you're able to get a morning cocktail while waiting :) haven't had a bad meal yet and the service was great! Super friendly staff all around! Definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone!!
4	I think Over Easy is a very nice breakfast place. Yes, it is more expensive then Ihop and Denny's but the food is really good and has some unique options. I have had in my visits the Dolly breakfast sandwich (egg, tomato, bacon on a English muffin), brioche French toast (plain and Banana's Foster) and the chocolate chip pancakes. Service is also good and overall, it's a nice breakfast place.
2	This was not a place I was impressed with on more than one level. First the hostess was horrible, she skipped names, forgot to right names down, I mean the worst. Next the waiter was average but the food was not. When I pay $10 for French toast I expect a full plate of beautiful food not two slices of wonderbread slapped in egg and thrown on a plate. I will not even give this place another chance. It only got a two because the busboy filled my water and smiled.
4	Over Easy is a can't miss. The service was attentive and friendly but not in a fake, overbearing way.I ordered the Wolf Pack:  2 eggs* any style, bacon & choice of cheese between two layers of hashbrowns. I ended up taking about half of it home. It's a good amount of food. If you like the typical breakfast foods this plate bundles them all together nicely!Wife had the blueberry pancakes. It is hard to get perspective of their size in the picture but she was able to eat about a quarter of that and ended up with 2 more meals from the left overs.Prices were very reasonable, especially considering the amount of food they serve up. I will choose this place over IHOP or Denny's any day.
3	My first experience at Over Easy was fantastic.  I had the chicken and waffle meal, and it was incredible!  I was with a big group and everyone was sampling one another's meals, and my heart broke a little each time I had to share a bite with someone else.  It was awesome.  We went back today, and I wanted something not super heavy,  so I ordered the egg white and spinach sandwich.  So much for wanting something a bit healthy.  While the sandwich was flavorful, it was super greasy.  My husband had the wolfpack, and neither of us were very impressed with it.  Kind of blah.  Service was great both visits, but the food seems to be a bit hit or miss.
4	Good breakfast...no doubt about it.I had a make your own omelette and it was really well done, I'm very picky with how breakfast is made, and here they did it right. I was happy.You know how most eggs at hole in the wall restaurants or chains like IHOP are always dry, scabbed over, and just tough? NOT HERE. This place cooks their eggs fluffy, moist, and in perfect texture, they are seriously good. The omelettes are a good portion, come with plenty of side options, and add-ons are only $1, throw on some extras, why not!?Nice place, hip atmosphere, retro-vintage style, the servers are nice enough and the place is clean. I had a good first breakfast here, and I plan on more. If you're out by gilbert, try this one out, it's good and you'll be happy you did.
1	People there were all unfriendlyFood was undercooked and served coldWaitress was rudePancakes tasted like bleachWater tasted like sewer waterWe never got any drink refillsTable was dirty when we sat down and we asked if it could be wiped off. It never wasDo not waste your money on this place
4	Just had breakfast here with the hubby and I must say I like this location better than the one on Power. They are more friendly here and it's cleaner. I had an omelette and hashbrowns and both were yummy. I actually really like their hashbrowns. Hubby had chicken fried steak and loved it. Not gourmet food by any means but good enough to have breakfast! Will definitely come back!
2	My first time there last weekend and let's just say it wasn't the best first experience.  I placed my order and it took quite awhile to get it.  Then we got our food and my order was completely wrong.  By the time they made another and brought it out everyone else was done with their food and I had to get mine to go.  The waitress took the check off the table, I was assuming they were going to give some sort of discount being as I had to take my breakfast to go now, but nope, she came back and there was no offer or mention of my inconvenience.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the food I did get to eat was good, but I won't be going back.  If a restaurant screws up and you miss enjoying your meal with your table, they needed to offer something for the inconvenience.
4	This place is like, so good, but like, so bad. It all tastes so good and in my head I was screaming "Amanda stooooop! You're full! Just take it hooomme!" But I couldn't take it home. I couldn't. I was about to get on a plane and I didn't want to be carrying a to-go box full of food on the plane, because well, that's too much work. So I ate everything. I ate the fried chicken on top of that waffle with maple syrup and I helped my boyfriend eat his eggs benedict that clearly had some sort of crack sauce on it because it tasted so good. And then I was even more full. But it was worth it. So, the food here is delicious and yummy and good, and the portions are big and awesome. But, just be careful young padawan, for your eyes may be bigger than your stomach. Take it home!
2	Just had breakfast the mimosas good breakfast good but way to many flys it's someone left door open all day.
5	This restaurant will satisfy your earthly food desires!!! The atmosphere is fun and retro in style. The servers are excellent and prompt. The food was fabulous and plentiful. Trust me on this - you will love this restaurant!A solid 5 star rating!!!
5	Great hip breakfast in Gilbert. Food and waitress Kayla were excellent. Reviews didn't do it justice. We will be back.
1	Horrible!!!  Potatoes are extremely greasy, burnt eggs, slow customer service, bland taste. I go to breakfast on a regular basis and this is by far the worst I have ever experienced.
4	I get the chicken fried steak but made with chicken. Its soooo good. I probably eat here once a week but I also only do take out. The wait time to eat there is too long on the weekends.
1	Normally I am easy to please however this was the worst meal I have had out since I can remember.  The coffee tasted strange to both me and my husband. They told us, "It must be you," which seemed odd. My son's, "Wolf Pack," meal was all hash browns. My husband's blueberry pancakes had no blueberries in them just some on top. His steak and eggs was not good either. There were about 6 tiny pieces of steak next to eggs that the waitress didn't ask how he wanted them cooked. His English muffin wasn't toasted, it was fried on the grill and the bottom was soggy from too much butter.  The strawberry lemonade was infused with rosemary which the eight year old wouldn't drink.  I know we won't be back and guess this place won't last a year. Breakfast was $72.00 and I would say money better spent other places.
4	Really enjoyed my first visit. Bright cheery decor and quick service. I had the wolf pack and it was excellent. Surprisingly not greasy and didn't leave me with that heavy feeling despite being a very large portion. Side of toast would've been nice.... But that's nitpicking.
2	I've been to other Over Easy locations in the valley and usually like my experiences. I wasnt impressed with the Warner location.  The retro feel is fun but the staff was unfriendly and slow. I thought the portions were small and the home fries were nothing special. Just butter and sliced potatoes. -  I left hungry.
2	Lets start by saying that overall the food here is good, although that is the only reason I am giving more then one star. I ordered a to go order over the phone and the service was friendly, when I arrived to pick up the order my bill was around 20 bucks. I handed the waitress that brought me the bill  2 20 dollar bills so I could leave a tip. She ended up pocketing the other 20 dollar bill and never came back with any type of change or a thank you or anything. I asked the hostess to talk to the manager and he came out and asked the girl and she pulled it out of her apron like it "accidently" slipped in her apron...the manager was not at all apologetic. I recently ordered another to go order and I was never told over the phone how much it would be. I called back and asked how much the bill was, the waitress on the phone proceeded to say how much it was and I asked her to repeat it and she said the price again SUPER slow and acted like I was retarded or dumb this time when I went to pick up the order I asked the waitress to talk to the manager and she said that he was here and was in the back. I proceeded to pay for my meal and she WALKED AWAY like HELLO ARE YOU KIDDING ME. I stood there a minute and another waitress came over and finished checking me out and I asked her to talk to the manager and she told me that the waitress that originally was checking me out was the manager.....on top of all this I never received a thank you... I think the employees here need to have a staff meeting about who the manager is and how to properly engage with customers....HONESTLY, the worst customer service I have EVER had in a restaurant.
3	Great breakfasts and mimosas!  One of the few good places to have breakfast in Gilbert.
5	Writing a review Wile I am seating here Omg.  The food is amazing. I love the breakfast here !Service is fantastic !
5	I really like the eggs benedict so I haven't ordered anything else here - but the menu has lots of variation. The hollandaise sauce is very tasty and slightly different. I also enjoy the breakfast cocktail selection and appreciate the creativity beyond the traditional (and delicious) mimosa! I had a HORRIBLE experience at the Phoenix location where I actually walked out, but I have been to the Gilbert location several times. I will only go to this spot.
4	I went here on a whim with my mother and infant son. We get breakfast together every week and wanted to try something new. I thought it was delicious. The kids meal I bought my son was gigantic, so he had tons of leftover and we definitely got our money's worth. I ordered orange juice and immediately noticed that it wasn't the normal from concentrate juice I have come to expect, it was fresh squeezed juice! Super yummy. Everything was well cooked and delicious. The waitresses were very friendly, although our waitress was a tiny bit slow to for my taste. They were very good with my son and made sure that our meal was to our satisfaction.
3	When we got here it wasn't too busy, weren't visited for a solid 5 minutes. Our waitress, Julia wasn't the most friendliest (not rude just not very cheery like everyone else there).  We were ready to order as soon as she came back with drinks. Ordered waffles and chiliqulies-wait time wasn't long and the food was really good. Julia didn't even bring us the food, which I get is the norm if the server is busy but we weren't given any time to ask for condiments. Luckily Julia caught on to my aimlessly looking around and brought stuff. But after that, she was nowhere to be seen. I annoyed my neighbors by swishing my empty cup of ice around in hopes somebody would stop and ask if we needed more beverages. The prices were high, the food was alright, my service experience will probably be what deters me from visiting again.
4	Great service ! Our server: Arianna  was super polite and friendly! Our drinks were on the table ASAP. Food came out fast. Cute place to have breakfast. Food was good. Location not bad. I would come in again.
4	Lox and eggs were delish! A little disappointed in the eggs Benedict. The chicken in the chicken and waffles combination was huge and cooked well. The kids pancakes were pretty small and overpriced.
