5	I have been looking for someone to do my nails in this area for almost a year without luck until now. I have pink and white nails and I'm very particular with how they are done. I am so happy that I have found this nail salon and Julianna. I highly recommend her. She took time and care with my nails and listened to what I wanted. I will go back.
5	First time in was yesterday I met with Kelly who is a delight to work with. She removed my nails that I got done last week and just did a overlay of my real nails. She's so wonderful at what she does I am her client now. Yey! Henderson has a new nail spot and I am loving it. I will be back for many happy returns. They have a reward system so if you stop in tell them Samantha Sent you. Yes every time you say my name I get five bucks off my return. So don't forget I sent you. And I will see you their :)
5	I love this place it's very clean and the service was very good the staff are awesome..will definitely come back...
5	This salon is great!  The staff is really nice and friendly.  Pedicure is awesome, they give you iPads while you're getting your pedicure.  Price is very reasonable. I will most defiantly come back.
5	Great new salon!  I had a Deluxe Mani/Pedi and it was amazing! Love the fact that they use disposable liners for the pedicures. It is a very clean.  They are extremely friendly.  I will definitely be a repeat customer.  I highly recommend this nail salon!
5	So I never get my nails done...like ever!I figured my birthday was around the corner and I might as well treat myself. I regularly drive up and down Sunset and noticed a, "Free Manicure" sign.... say what?????I pulled up and read the details of the sign, "Free Manicure with purchase of pedicure or other service at 20% off"It was worth the risk...so I went in and I was relieved to see that the place is CLEAN and NEW! The place opened about 3 weeks ago.I was greeted promptly and was told that there was about a 15 min wait, which was fine. I was then asked if I wanted something a soda or water to drink. Nice touch! A man named Nick give me a wonderful pedicure and manicure. The Pedicure chairs were brand new (of course) and I was offered magazines or even to play with their ipad with getting my services done. I was in pedicure heaven!Once Nick did my manicure we talked about everything under the sun, he was very nice and I would go back to him again. Great selection of regular nailpolishes as well as gel. Check the website for prices.$25 for pedicure$5 for french tip$0 for manicure= one happy AlysseNail Envy is even making me consider going back there on a regular basis :) They have a referral program where you can earn $5 for every referred customer.
5	Normally when I go to California every month or so I get my pedi/mani done down there since I have not been able to find a good place to go here. After reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this place a shot.We went first thing in the AM to avoid any long waiting... and there was none.When you first walk in... you can tell the place is new. Smells great and looks amazing as it is clean and very welcoming. We were greeted immediately but who I think was the owner/manager... he was extremely nice and professional. He explained the services and the specials and within 2 mins we were seated at the pedicure chairs. The pedicure was great, the ladies took their time and were sociable throughout the experience.  The Manicure was also nice and soothing as again the ladies did a good job and did not rush through it, even though business started to pick up a little towards the end.I got my brows done (first time) and that was very well done too, not to mention an interesting experience for my first time. Looks like I have found a local place for my pedi/mani from now on.Staff = AwesomeEnvironment = AwesomeCleanliness = PerfectPrice = Just rightOverall Experience = A+I will be back for sure. you guys are great! Keep it up!Thank you!
5	Had a great first experience here.  The atmosphere is very relaxing.  I especially loved the hot rock massage with the pedicure.  The staff was very accommodating and were very attentive.  I also lost my phone outside the store and the owner found it and made sure that I got it back.  Thanks for a great experience!!! :-)
5	I love this place!! They did an amazing job and the whole staff are so friendly..
1	So first of all my $25 pedicure ended up costing $45, with scrub and massage. $40 and a $5 tip the lady didn't deserve. Total rip off. I'm pretty sure the lady who did my toes was on pills. I wish I knew her name. Terrible massage and no attention to detail. After drying for 10 minutes there and driving 15 min home, my big toe completely smudged. She put the polish on way too thick. I also had to go to local shop to have toe fixed and they proceeded to file to even them out and clean up polish around nail. They couldn't believe I had gotten this pedicure 3 hours ago. This place is a HOT MESS. Spend your money elsewhere, xxoo
5	They hooked my feet up. This is a cool little shop with very professional tecks. Like Allstate should you come here your in good hands. They have a large selections of nail colors. And they provide you with refreshments. This is the right spot to spoil yourself.
5	Nail Envy's manager, Nick, went out of his way to contact me after a disappointing pedicure. He was completely understanding and offered to re-do it. I couldn't make it in for a couple of weeks, but he still honored his word. Today my pedicure was awesome and my toes looks perfect! I will definitely come back and the lady I had last time no longer works here :)
5	My first time in nail envy and also my first time getting pink and white. I went to Kelly and she did them perfect! It was exactly what I wanted, I was worried they would be to pink but she showed me both colors and then gave me her opinion. Great place i will be going there from now on
1	Nice salon in an accessible area. Called and got an immediate appointment. Went in and was guided to a chair for a pedicure. The bowl that you put your feet in was covered in plastic. It feels terrible, but I guess it's for ease of sanitation. The woman doing the pedicure asked if I wanted something to put on my feet for the severe dryness that comes with living in the middle if the scorching hot desert. I declined and said that my feet do well with the grater thing they use at my other salon. She proceeded to just scrub with a little tiny loofah bar which did exactly nothing. I had to go home and do my own feet which obviously didn't produce results I wanted. Ridiculous. I think that if you don't pay the up charge you get nothing. Time for my gel manicure. It starred out ok, looked fine. Until I got home. My cuticles had been cut so badly that around my nails were peeling. She used a minimal amount of gel so I've already broken or chipped four nails. I've never had this kind of result three days after having them done. I'm not sure why everyone has had good experiences here. I usually go every two weeks and have never had my nails look this bad when using gel. I feel like asking for my money back, but I'll just go elsewhere instead.
5	Just got a pedicure from Nick! Super clean and friendly establishment. We had a lot in common and talked about traveling and gambling! Had a great experience and will definetly be back! Thanks Nick!
5	This was my first time and Tara took great care of me with a pedi! The place was clean, chair massage was lovely and the service and care wonderful. Thank you, I will be back.
4	I decided to try this place after being in the area and checking yelp. It got good reviews so I figured I'd give it a try. I got there a bit before it opened and they were about 5-10 minutes late opening, but I wasn't too concerned. I went in and knew I wanted a pedicure and something for my nails (couldn't decide on full-set or gell mani).The Pedicure: I LOVE that they have liners for the pedi tubs. I have never seen this and was pretty impressed. Also I like that when they sanitize their instruments they put them in a sani pouch and open that in front of you so you know they've been cleaned. Another big plus. It was super relaxing and she massaged my legs for a good amount of time. They also do the hot rock massage (on the basic pedi), which I thought was awesome. My only complaint is she didn't really scrub my heels with the stone. The french looks amazing thought and I didn't even so much as get nicked when she was cutting my cuticles. Overall I'm happy with it for thirty bucks. Nails: I decided to get a full set and showed them a picture of something I wanted from a different salon. They did it with no question. They look awesome especially for thirtyfive bucks. He took the time to make sure the lengths were the same and rechecked his work. He took his time and I'm extremely satisfied. I will definitely be back. Definitely my favorite salon in town and I've been to MANY!
5	The salon is immaculately clean. I've never had such an exotic and thorough job on a manicure/pedicure. The pedi included salt scrub, clay mask, hot towels, oil massage and hot stones. There was a point where I was so relaxed that I thought I was going to fall asleep. They use plastic liners in the bowls of the pedicure chairs so your feet are not exposed to other people's germs. The array of colors in gels and regular polishes is immense....OPI, Gelish to name a few. I would recommend this salon to all my friends. The manager/owner speaks English and is extremely cordial and polite. I LOVE THIS SALON!!!!Price is average with other salons in town. Absolutely worth every penny!!!
5	*UPDATE*A few things I forgot to include on the first post. One: this place smells really good inside, not like the chemicals of most. Two: They offer free wifi (huge plus to those of us that don't have unlimited anymore!) Three: They offer complimentary water and select sodas and again don't make you feel like you're putting them out by asking for one. Four: Colors and tips galore!! I mean seriously. Any color and/or print you want is available here in regular polish, gel, or even a HUGE selection of awesome tips for full sets. I've now been back twice since my first visit. The first time was just the next day because I smudged the polish on my two big toes and got an eyebrow wax. Both were FANTASTIC! They sat me down and fixed the polish (free of charge) right away (and without making me feel uncomfortable). The eyebrow wax was seriously the best I've received out here. I laid down and she waxed them, then tweezed the few remaining hairs and even trimmed it (which I was SUPER impressed with - other places never do this). Today I went for a fill (a little early but I won't be able to make it next week). I walked in and got helped right away. I showed them (again) another picture from a different salon and they did it without a question. Super happy again and this is definitely my new 'go to' nail salon for nails, pedi, and waxing! And again I think they are EXTREMELY reasonable price-wise for what you get!
4	I like it because they do a good job on my gel nails AND VERY SPEEDY.  I wish they lasted 3 weeks but 2 is OK....But, the best part....everyone within earshot SPEAKS ENGLISH!!!  That is sooo appreciated!  I loved my last shop and went there for 7 years but they where chatting constantly in the native language and even looking at each other while doing my nails.  Yes, they did a very good job but that part was not how I wanted to spend 2 hours....not that I wanted them to talk to me....but I am the nosey type and would think of the Sienfeld episode regarding this behavior.....funny to watch but not be part of.The plastic bowl thing is not as nice as some and does feel funny but a lot safer...as my sister just had her toe nail removed due to a dirty pedi.
5	Landed In Vegas and needed to get a gel manicure and pedicure! Looked up Nail Envy and since it was close to the airport, decided to give it a shot. It was the BEST service I have received at a salon I had no appt in. Great service, clean, wide variety of color offerings! Will be back next time I am in town! Def recommended!
5	So now that ive come here more than 2 times Ive had Nick and Kelly and they are both awesome! The prices here are about the same as other places and I feel like you get what you pay for. Ive showed nick and Kelly 2 different pictures of what I wanted and both of them did them perfect!  I love this place and I will continue going here and bringing all my friends.. I tried a friends nail shop (we got pedicures) and then I brought her to mine, Hands down our pedicures here were way better, longer massages/ time spent and overall results were looked more high class lol if you know what I mean! If you have a certain design or nail shape you want to try come and try this nail shop out you wont regret it!
5	Only lived here for 2 years, been to a few nails salons. This one by far is my favorite. Clean, friendly, professional. The guy I don't know if owner or manager but greets you with hello and water. He did my nails last time. Very happy! Had a different girl do a pedi and a fill this time. Very fast and neat! Highly recommend! Keep doing good work.
4	THEY'RE FOR REALThe best feature of this nail salon is that their pedicure tubs are covered with a disposable plastic liner. This is the only nail salon I have found that offers this health care feature. I compare this to owning your bowling shoes versus renting. Which is more hygienic?Our most recent experience wasn't as enticing especially for my Yu-go Chauffeur.  Manicurist Jenny performance was as underwhelming as one could imagine. Fortunately I had Tara as my manicurist.
3	Very clean. Everyone was genuinely nice. Gel Manicure lasted 5 days, kinda bummed about that. will go back for pedicure for the convenience factor. Pedicure was nicely done.
5	Came here with a friend to get gel pedicures. First impression- the place was very clean, the staff was very nice, and they have great service. They instantly offered us bottles of water which I thought was nice since it was so hot outside. Usually when I leave a nail salon I can always find something to critque- however this place reset the standard for me. They didn't hurt my cuticles, they didn't cut my nails too short, so I was a happy camper. Price: For a standard spa gel pedicure, I paid $45- a little pricey but very worth it for the polish to last longer.Overall: They did an excellent job on my little piggies. They're painted and beautiful and squealed with delight all the way home :)
5	Exceptional service! Props to the manager Nick especially for taking care of me!I've heard alot of great things about nail salons in Henderson so I decided to give it a try since I was on that side of town. The first one that had 4 stars was Nail Envy. It was conveniently located by Galleria Mall which is a bonus!I walked in without an appointment around 6. It was busy but customers were being taken care of immediately and very well. The wait time took about twenty minutes and Nick, the manager, apologized and took very great care of me. I came in for a fill and to update my french tip and only charged me for $15. Other places charge an extra $5, but that was a thumbs up for me already! I also had the 10% discount which brought it down $13, which is quite amazing for nails!It was a little bit passed closing but Nick still went on with his awesome service. He modified the fan machine to decrease the wait time. Although it wasn't as long as usual, it was done perfectly. Unfortunately, when I got to the car, one of my nails got a slight chip. I was disappointed since they closed and locked everything down. However, right before I left, Nick came back in his car to check if the door was locked. I went up to him and asked to fix the minor chip and he did. He said I could come back in the next day which their policy covers up to 7 days for any nail problem at no additional cost!!Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. Fast, incredible service! Just know you will be leaving happy!
4	Just moved here from Florida and we were looking for a new nail place drove to a few places but this place had the best review... We gave it a try and me and my boyfriend were both very pleased! Our pedicures were very relaxing and the hot stones were a perfect touch! Also my eyebrows look great! Only complaint it it had a really strong "nail salon" smell like not enough circulation but I will def be going back! Very happy with the service!
5	Awesome place, I used to go to the nail bar but I am totally going there from now now on. The lady that did my nails actually took her time on making sure they looked nice and clean. I loved it.
5	My husband and I both got pedicures and both enjoyed our experience. My pedicure was with nick he is very good at his job and we had a enjoyable conversation. My husband had Juliana and she is very sweet. I felt bad for her because my husbands feet are in rough condition by the end his feet were soft and beautiful :)We will definitely be returning!!
1	I decided to give this salon a try since I was by the Galleria mall. I really wanted a longer foot massage, so I booked the deluxe pedicure. The nail tech at this salon scrubbed my feet raw with the pumice. I couldn't believe how fast and hard she scrubbed my feet. She scrubbed so hard, she actually cut my toe. Then she put an exfoliant mask product on my legs and feet and begin to massage. That did not feel good at all either. She also applied this thin and watery lotion to my legs and feet and massaged it in. My feet were so dry when I left and I was not relaxed. The only thing I liked was the nail polish selection at this salon. When you pay $40 plus tip for a pedicure, you expect more. I expected the salon to use better products and I had hoped for a relaxing experience for that price. I didn't realize how bad she cut my toe until I got home and got a better look at it. Very disappointed with this salon! Won't be returning or recommending them.Update: The salon owner contacted me about my review and offered to give me another pedicure or my money back. I opted for my money back. Still won't be returning to this salon ever though!
5	I've never reviewed anyone on Yelp but my experience at Nail Envy made me do it because it was THAT good.  I just moved to NV in the Henderson area and needed to find my regular nail salon here.  After searching a bunch of places online, I decided to try Nail Envy based on the reviews it had.Everything that people say is 100% true.  Convenience? Amazing.  It is so incredibly easy to make a same day appointment online and get confirmation of it - I've never gotten that luxury from any other salon.  Their service? Exceptional.  I had trouble locating the place since I am new in town and Nick was incredibly helpful on the phone and it was no problem that I ended up being a little late for my appointment time. In addition, everyone speaks perfect English and is very interactive with their clients holding conversations with them and it was apparent they truly care about and know their clientele very well which, in my opinion, sets them apart.The quality?  Unbelievable.  I stuck with a regular manicure for the first time just to test out the place and see if I liked it.  If the quality of a regular manicure is this good I can't imagine the quality of a gel manicure which is what I will be getting every few weeks from this point forward at Nail Envy.  In addition, it is CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN without sacrificing comfort.  Finally, the prices are some of the best I've seen in the area in all honesty.Two thumbs WAY up and a round of applause.  Needless to say, I found my nail place here in Henderson and will be a regular customer as of today. A big thank you to Nail Envy for truly exceptional business operations!
5	I went to a different nail place a couple of days ago where my gel nails were really thick and they gave me these little gems that fell off almost immediately, leaving unpleasant bumps all over my nails. I came here today to fix them. I got the same design as my messed up nails and the end result was better than I had expected. I was very happy with the service I received. I'll definitely be coming back.
5	Just had the best, most relaxing, gel mani/deluxe pedi that I've had in a very long time...at least since moving to this area!  Very clean, sanitary, friendly and Juliana is amazing! Honestly, I've spent hours pouring over reviews, trying to find a place that provides a decent nail service and Juliana @ Nail Envy has surpassed my expectations ten fold!  Feeling very thankful and blessed to have found Juliana and Nail Envy:)
4	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees. Overall very satisfied with my visit. Prices are reasonable, and the place was clean. I was impressed by their measure of sanitation, using a autoclave to sanitize! Kudos! The bags around the pedi bowls didn't bother me, this is more sanitary to me! The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that I felt that once they got a few walk ins they began to rush through my pedi! But I will go back, hopefully that won't be an issue next time!
4	Very friendly staff. Not the typical nail salon where you can't understand the language spoken. Technician engaged in friendly conversation while remaining focused on the work. As a male I often don't get treated well in the strip mall salons but felt very welcome here. Received a mani and pedi with no complaints. If I lived closer to this location I would come back.
1	Worst Gel mani ever.  I was visiting from out of town and picked this place because of all the stellar reviews.  Maybe I just went on an off day, or had a bad nail technician.  It was bad enough that she wouldn't stop talking (can you at least work at the same time!?) but the real reason I'm leaving a bad review is because I've already had three nails peel off in four days.  The first nail came off 2 days later.  She put on three layers of gel because "this will make it last 3 weeks instead of 2".  Um, try 3 days.  No bueno!  Total waste of money.
5	I had the deluxe pedicure with the exfoliation.  It was very good.  I like that they line the tubs with plastic and open a new set of tools right in front of you.  I went during the day on a weekday and there was no wait.  The ladies who worked there were friendly and my toes looked great.
4	Good and quick service. Unlike the mall. I called to see if they had any appt. and 30 minutes later I was getting my nails done
5	Fantastic pedicure!!! Came here with my wife and had a very relaxing wonderful treatment.This is the first salon I've been in that I'd seen other guys at. Four men in the shop at the same time.
1	NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN.My coworker and I made an appointment for 5:30, came in at 5:20. We sat down, usually when I walk into a business they always greet you and let you know they'll be with you in a moment. Nope. They looked at us and went back to what they were doing. They started helping us at 5:45. The place wasn't very busy by the way. The lady was extremely rude. Had an attitude the whole time. It seemed like she was in a rush. Not very many nail colors to pick from.  I would ask her if she knew how to do certain designs and she would say no without evening bothering to ask what I was talking about. She was very snappy. Don't get me wrong though, my coworker got a very nice lady, however even she noticed the tension between the lady I had and I. I got to the point where I wanted to just walk out of there and get my nails finished anywhere else. The overall outcome was okay. She filed a couple of my nails crooked. The nail polish on my toe nails is.. lets just say my 14 year old usually does a better job.I didn't get the lady's name but I hear great things about Nick and he walked in while I was already being helped and he seemed wonderful. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. I seriously thought someone was playing a joke on me. For the price that I paid I would rather go somewhere else. I typically go to Luxy nail salon in Henderson and they are AMAZING! However they're closed on Tuesdays and I needed my nails done ASAP. I will definitely wait until Luxy is open next time.
1	NOT GOING HERE AGAIN! Made an appointment for two pedicures at 3:30. Arrived on time, picked a polish color and was seated at an empty spa. Another couple came in about 10 minutes later than us. The gal asked if we had made an appt and we said yes. She apologized and said the other people had too, so we would have to wait (even though we arrived first). She then asked us if we wanted to soak. We said yes (again), but she continued on starting spas for the people that got there after us and completely ignored us. After sitting there for 15 minutes of nothing, we left. The gal seemed surprised.
5	Literally the largest selection of gel colors I have ever seen. Come here, and you will never stroll into a random nail salon again. Luckily for me, I am in this area often! I first went in just for a basic pedicure. I noticed they offered a deluxe as well but didn't have time. When she was massaging me feet with hot stones I was like "THIS AINT THE DELUXE?!" Cuz it was pretty much heaven. They also offer you soda and water. Its the small things at nail salons that do it. Massage chairs, cleanliness, cold drinks. YES.So the second time I came in I got a gel mani and a deluxe pedi. Oh man, add a longer massage, a deep soak, 15 minutes and a mask to the og pedi. WHAT!?!? I was overwhelmed with the amount of colors they had for the gel manicures so I just told the lady to pick one to match my toes. I could sit there for hours trying to decide. Since I have come back for everything and I have never once been disappointed.
4	My best friend & I are regulars here & are always walk ins. Short waiting time unless they're slammed & prices are pretty typical. Our nails are always amazing, but they literally take SO long to do them. Came in with a full set that needed to be taken off & replaced with a regular gel mani. Literally was there for TWO hours! But in the end I am always happy with my nails, so I guess I can't complain for them taking their time. I know there are cheaper salons around but I'm too scared to go anywhere else bc at least here, I know my nails will look good. Service & quality are great, but bc of how long it takes from start to finish- 4 STARS.
5	This is my new favorite place! I usually do my nails myself and I do a mean french manicure (bust out of painters tape to make the straight line!) But recenlty all of my nails had broken and they were looking bad. I had never gotten a gel manicure before and I originally was going to do acrylic but I am so glad I went with the gel! It is the most beautiful french manicure ever! I have since been back again and Tara did an even better job than the girl did last time!! Tara will be my go to girl from now on. And the awesome thing is that the gel really protects the nails and they have grown out beautifully! With the gel over them, I plan on growing them super long! Everyone in the salon is super friendly...they always have good TV shows on and offer refreshments. Their work is truly quality and my manicure has been lasting about 3 weeks! I will be back again in a few days!
5	I absolutely love going to this place!!! All of my friends and co-worker go to them and I have never had a bad experience.
5	I was a walk in appointment for a gel manicure and normal pedicure. As everyone said there are so many colors to pick from. The pedicure looks great and felt awesome: hot stones are used to massage your legs. Tara was my manicurist and is so cheerful and does a great job. I am very pleased. I put my shoes on too early and messed up by pedicure so I came back and said I'd pay to fix them. Tara wouldn't take my money and did it for free. I was embarrassed but she was so kind about it. I'll be coming back for sure.
5	Love!
4	Busy salon but as a walk-in I didn't have to wait more than 10 minutes on a Saturday afternoon. At least 7 technicians were on site, possibly a couple more. Everyone is friendly and easy to communicate with. Salon is clean, nice decor, multiple flat screen TVs on the wall. Good selection of nail colors to choose from. Pedicure was relaxing and done well, Gel nails were done well and technician was good with conversation but knew when to stop talking :-)  Brow waxing was fine - waxing room appeared clean and was inviting and comfortable - a quick wax  job with a few strays to tweeze and she was done.. In comparison to most salons in the east Henderson area, this is the best that I've tried. I've been to many in this area since I first moved here in early 2006.I would recommend this salon, and I will go back again - and next time I'll bring my daughter :-)
5	Called at 5:15 and made an appointment for 5:45, the woman who I spoke to on the phone was very polite and set my appointment up. I walked in at about 5:38 and was promptly and nicely greeted. I was asked to pick out a color and have a seat at Nicks station.Let me tell you nick worked wonders, didn't get anything crazy done but he was very detail focused and asked me all kinds of questions to make sure I would be happy with my nails. He also compared my nail lengths to one another numerous times to make sure they were even. He was very polite and we had a good conversation. I will be returning to him and the salon. The prices were appropriate and I felt relaxed while there. Only downside is they close at 6pm so ill have to remember that and make a better appointment time. Great job Nick
5	This salon had good reviews so I decided to take a chance and I'm glad that I did! I have had gel nails before but had a bad experience so I wanted to try again. They has the biggest get colors available that I have ever seen. I was very impressed. I got a gel French manicure and Tina was great! They turned out so well I couldn't be happier with the result. Every time I come back to Vegas for break I will make sure to come back to the salon!
5	I really had one of the best experiences I've ever had in a nail salon here. The place is clean. The technicians seem like genuinely nice people. The lady who did my nails listened to me & she really knew what she was doing. I thought my nails looked perfect afterwards. She offered a tiny bottle of water towards the end of my service which I found refreshing. Also you know how a lot of salons will have the tv on a super wack show w CC & no volume? Well I got to watch Ellen & inside edition while I was here:) I think they have surround sound so you have no trouble hearing the tv. And it looked like they do a lot of pretty designs on nails too! Highly reccomend this place !!
5	I had to stop going to Luxy. My nails seem to last longer here. And the prices are half of what Luxy charges. Also Nail Envy is open 7 days a week!
5	Ok it's time I update this review. The people here are so kind and professional for those of us who are not from Vegas it's like going home. They know your name if they don't they will get to know u and they will never forget you. I always seem to enter and a few are in front of me. But the employees here are swift and they do everything correct the first time. You have to love that right. When I'm here I feel so at peace so relaxed & cared for. I need to get in here more often than I do. When you get your feet done they use hot rocks omg you feel like your gonna go right to sleep. Management is always on the floor so everything goes as it should. It's cool for the entire family. The pretty decor & large tvs make you feel right at home. Oh and their is nice respectable music paying. So you could bring in your church friends or grandparents fore a day of relaxation. Will I come back yes I will! I will be here next week.
5	I absolutely love this nail salon. They are fast and they do amazing nail art. I come in about once every three weeks and my nails always look perfect the entire time... They never chip or fade. I get so many compliments!!! Definitely try them out, you won't be disappointed!
5	I luv this place.....Nick is so nice......he is very attentive to his customers he offered me a beverage when I first got there.....I would recommend that new customers go on their website and make an appointment because they are a very busy nail shop. This is my second time going and I am very impressed! Nick is fast and efficient....keep up the good work guys.....
5	Tara is the BEST! She is super friendly and I love chatting with her. She does the best gel manicure!! And it lasts for a good 3 weeks which is great for the price. Thanks Tara!!!!!!
4	I LOVE this salon, for so many reasons. It's always easy for me to get an appointment - even just by walking in I am taken care of in good time. I really love how they treat you.. They always ask if you need water, soda, etc. It's always clean when I come in, and their decorations are nice - no tacky nail posters like some other places I've been to, and they have t.v. which is nice when I get a pedi. They also have it where you can book ONLINE & you can choose your nail tech... how cool is that!? I have only been 3 times, but I'll definitely keep coming here. TONS of nail colors - which makes it hard, but that's always nice to have many options, especially for gels. I have gotten gel nails and acrylic and they both were done perfect, no complaints. Their regular pedi comes with a mini rocks massage! Only $25... Need I say more? Definitely would recommend this to friends.
5	Just got a pedicure and it was amazing! The lady was very thorough and gave me such a wonderful feet massage. Will def come back here :)
5	Haven't had my nails done in a long time. Decided it was time for a manicure/pedicure.  Went on Yelp and read so many great reviews I had to try it.  Love it. It is very clean and everyone is so nice. Tina did my nails and she was so wonderful that I now see her every time I go in.  I never have to wait and am always greeted when I walk in. I went online to make an appointment for my mother in law and myself. Tina wasn't available at the same time I scheduled my mother in law. No problem. When I got there one of the other girls took my polish off and offered me a drink. Once my polish was off Tina was ready to take me. Because of this my mother - in law and I where done at the same time. No waiting.
1	Great place for manicures and pedi 's but I already had two bad experiences with waxing . I went four times the first time I was waxed by. Tina , she was excellent ! The second time I was waxed by another person who applied the wax twice to the same area and I ender up with a burn mark to my upper lip. Third time I had Tina again... Great job. Fourth time yet another person did the waxing... Lost half my eyebrow , she didn't even prep me before applying the wax... Won't go back any more, unfortunately Tina was off the one time, and busy doing a pedicure the third time...so I suggest that the owner let Tina teach these girls how to give a safe and excellent waxing.
5	I've been looking for a new nail salon for a few weeks now & after reading so many wonderful reviews I just had to check this place out! I called to see if I could go in his for a fill with gel polish. They took me right away. When I walked in, I was amazed at what a nice salon it was! Very nice environment & reasonably priced as well!Nick took care of me & I must say he did a fantastic job. I couldn't be happier. (He even repaired one of my nails for me since it was practically falling off.) He did an excellent job with the dark green fade into the lighter green polish on my nails, & even added some sparkles on top! He took his time & ensured all my nails were the same length (which I totally appreciate considering other salons have sent me away with crooked nails & mismatched designs...) It's been a long time since I've been to a salon & have been 100% satisfied. I will definitely be going here from now on & I encourage everyone to check them out!!! :)
5	Uhhhmazing! Me and my sister have been looking for a nail salon that has the stone massage and is also clean & this is definitely the place! Very friendly staff, all tools are opened in front of you! Me and my sister got the deluxe pedi and OMGah!!! This is our new spot!
5	I've tried other nail salons and the quality never measures up to nail envy! I won't stray again! Other places may look nice (Buddha bar) but the products suck! Just know you get what you pay for. Nail envy is my spa!
1	I came 6 days ago for a gel manicure and was not happy with the results. Yes the ladies were nice and offered me water but the woman who did my nails seemed distracted. She painted one coat and then got nail polish remover to take it off and restart. I know everyone makes mistakes so I didn't think anything of it. After she finished painting them and I finally saw my nails all I could see was how thick the Polish was. My nails were like big bubbles of nail polish and both of my pinky nails on each hand were so bubbled out towards the tip and it looked so sloppy and uneven. Maybe she should wouldn't have been so distracted if she wasn't talking to the other manicurist the whole time. I come in to get my nails done for work and just to relax. It wasn't even that late in the day. She looked at my nails too and didn't try to fix them. I initially came because of all the good reviews but I'm never coming back. I'm going back to Nail land which is right across the street in the Walmart shopping center.
5	Awsome nail place! The customer service is great and the work is perfection wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Great salon with great team! I am always able to make an appointment the same day - even with short notice on a busy day. A lot of salons I went to before made me feel uncomfortable or I had to re-do my nails at home myself. These ladies are the first ones to get it right. I had Tara today and she was a gem! Nails are perfect!  We'll see you in a couple of weeks :)
5	I was worried b/c it's hard to find a good nail tech for acrylics who won't tear your natural nail to shreds.Jenny was phenomenal. I told her what I wanted, what I was worried about, and she really took care of me. She used a paper file so my natural nail won't be as damaged and was careful and checked with me on progress continually.I highly recommend this place. There was zero wait on a Friday, The Wi-Fi is great, they offer complimentary beverages freely, and they honored the yelp discount happily!
5	The best nail place I've found all over Henderson and Las Vegas! Even when they're packed, they always take their time and get to you right away. Great customer service, clean place, and amazing job doing nails! Will always come back!
5	Great place! I've been to several here in Henderson, and this is my favorite. They use liners for the pedicure tubs. They use clean tools on each customer. Their basic pedicure also includes a hot stone massage. The basic pedicure is $25, which is comparable to other area salons, but here it is well worth it for the cleanliness and the bonus hot stone massage. I have never made an appointment and have always gotten right in, however, they do offer an online appointment system on their website.
5	I have been here a couple times now and the ladies there are so friendly and professional! The price is right on target. The service is great.  I went in for a pedicure, love the hot stones. The girl even made a design on my toes because it was my birthday! How sweet. I also got my eye brows waxed for the first time. Very quick and painless. Definitely will be going back!
1	I went here to get toe nail polish and designs on all toes. They did not have many options for nail designs. I had to show a picture on my phone of what I wanted. They charged $25 for polish an designs. Seems a little steep to me. I would not recommend this place if you want some creativity in designs.
5	I stopped by last week and found this spot thru Yelp! Forgot to redeem the discount but it's unnecessary because service was great and very friendly. They did an awesome job on my manicure and pedicure. Will be my new spot for sure!
5	I love this place! Professional and clean and their prices are competitive:) They always remember me by name when I walk in and always get me in fast. I definitely recommend them to everyone.
2	Went in on Saturday to get a full set of nails. I asked for gel clear polish which I did not get but was charged for. And all the nails on my right hand are lifting off already and its only been two days!
5	Definitely recommend this place for your next mani/pedi. Love the ombre effect that Tina my nail tech did for me. I asked for a specific design and she nailed it! (no pun intended) It's been five days now and Im still getting compliments wherever I go.Not only was I very happy with my manicure, the basic pedicure I got was great! It included a hot stone massage on my legs and feet. That was so nice. The warmth of the hot stones was very healing on my achy feet.  It's included in the basic price along with hot towel and nail application. $25. What a steal!Speaking of prices. Very reasonable. Actually about the same price I pay at my other favorite nail place. Both gel mani and pedi $55. ..and that's with design and nail color change included. Right now on Yelp there's a photo on their page that says first time customers get 20% off. Or if you check in on Yelp, you get 10% off. Nice deals! Their website lists all the prices and other services on there as well.  Like many of the reviews said the place is spic and span. It has a Contemporary look and feel about it. The pedi chairs are comfy. The pedi bowls have a water jet. Downside though it's not a massage chair..---EDIT---...silly me ..they DO HAVE massage chairs!! SCORE!..--.  The tools they use are sterilized and individually wrapped and sealed. They use gloves when necessary and the pedi bowls are lined. I'm impressed with the cleanliness practices they have in place.  The staff, real friendly and easy going. I felt welcomed and was pampered the whole time I was there. Offered a drink even! I booked my appointment via online. Super easy and convenient when they are not available to take a phone call.  They are staffed to take walk-ins too. So come by and check them out!  The storefront is facing Sunset Road across from In and Out Burger  just off 95
2	I have went to this salon several times and had good service. I had called and made an appointment for my wedding party, total of 10. When we arrived they stated the appointment was for 2 people only and they could not accommodate 10. I left in tears and have not and will never go back. Thank goodness for another nail shop that was very happy to accommodate my wedding party.
5	Nail Envy is great. They are friendly, clean, great prices, and they do a great job. Jenny is the bomb! I absolutly LOVE my nails. Exactly what I wanted. Thanks girl :)
5	Very clean & well run. They do a great job and are fast. Largest gel nail color selection I've ever seen!I've finally found a nail salon that I am confident that they will consistently do a good job. Highly recommend!
5	This place is awesome!  Clean, courteous and professional.  I have gone to a lot of nail places all over Vegas and I would definitely recommend this one.  Reasonably priced too.I usually have a problem with lifting, but not here.  Juliana did my nails and she did an amazing set of pink and whites.  One of the best I've visited here!Good job ladies!
4	In need of a pedicure, I took Shirley B.'s advice and checked out Nail Envy.  Conveniently located right off the 95 at Sunset and Marks near my job in Hendertucky, I made a same-day appointment and showed up right after work at 6:00pm on a recent Monday.  Shirley told me after I had made the appointment to ask for Tina or Tara, so I didn't get to do that when I called, but, lo and behold, Tina was the one who showed me to the pedi station with the massage chair and she ended up doing my pedi, as well.  Thank goodness, too, because she did a fabulous job, friendly in demeanor and thorough at task.  I told her that Shirley B. referred me and she immediately knew her:  the "Hello Kitty and hot hula lady, right?"  Yup, that's the one! The $25 "basic" pedicure includes a hot stone massage, which I've never had at any other nail salon.  Plus, the massage chair is always something I look forward to; I sat there for another ten minutes after Tina was done with my toes so I could let the polish dry and get more kneading done on my shoulders.  Because it was my first visit, I received 20% off the service, a special that may be limited-time only.  However, you do get 10% off with a regular Yelp check-in, so don't forget that if you go.  I can foresee this being my new salon after this visit with the convenience, price, and service.  Always listen to Shirley; she knows.
2	I had high expectations for this place because of the reviews I read on Yelp among a reference from someone who is a regular here. When my friend & I arrived we helped right away which I liked because we had an appointment but once the lady started doing my nails I noticed she wasn't very friendly & was constantly giving my friend & I dirty looks. She also became upset when I asked her for something specific on my nails & this place isn't a high end place . I didn't like the treatment I got nor the attitude I received from the person assisting me I think she was the owner not sure she was sitting on the first table on the right when you walk in. I will never come here again because I am paying for someone to do my nails how I want them & I expect as a paying customer to not be given attitude .
5	I came in yesterday for an appointment that I booked online same day. I saw Jenny for a full set and loved it! The best thing for me was that this was the first nail salon I've been to that I didn't feel my service was rushed at all. I've been to other nail salons where I've seen someone make a mistake on my nails, notice it, and just continue on because they want to get the service done quick. Jenny made sure that every thing was even, smooth, etc. and my polish job was awesome! It was my first time ever getting stilettos, and it won't be my last.
5	Had a pedi and gel mani done by Tina and they were both great. Such a relaxing massage on my legs and feet and loved the hot stone rubdown too. My manicure looks great too, no bubbles left behind and Tina even took out some tool I'd never seen before and kind of filed the side of my nails to make sure any excess was removed. Can't wait to come back!
5	Honestly, I have been waiting to get some time on my computer to write Nail Envy a review, because, well they deserve more than a simple review written on my cell phone.I have lived in Vegas for over year, and truth be told I have had a couple bad experiences with nail salons; with this being said it took me a while to get into the habit of going to get my nails done and continuing to keep up with them.My first appointment was with Nick, he was very attentive and capture the exact nail design that I was going for. My past 2 appointments have been with  Tina; and let me just say that going to sit and get  my nails done with her I something I look forward to for 2 weeks up until my next appointment!  I am constantly searching Instagram and Pintrest to get awesome nail designs to take into Tina to bring to life. She always exceeds, and gives her professional input when needed. :)With this being said, I have good faith that every one of the technicians can live up to the high standards of nails so I wouldn't be heart broken if Tina wasn't available. If she is though she's definitely my go to ! I suggest going to the website to make your reservation online. This is such an easy process and it will ensure that you don't have a long wait time. I am always a little early for everything but I have never had to wait upon arriving at Nail Envy.I will continue to get my nails done at Nail Envy because their customer service is top notch; everyone in the establishment has a good attitude and actually looks like they enjoy doing their job. I Definitely suggest checking them out, Nail Envy is my nail salon, and I don't plan to go anywhere else!Thanks again everyone!
4	This is how I roll: I become a hairy, dry skinned beast during the Winter and half of Spring. Then I realize that my open toed sandals do not cover up my foo man chu toenails and dry feet. I asked my co-workers which nail place they suggest, close to the office. They raved about this place and since they always go on their lunch breaks or after work, I thought I'd give it a shot.I went to Nail Envy during my lunch break, and let them know that I had a limited amount of time. They happily took me to a chair, where they immediately soaked my feet in warm relaxation. The foot soak alone made me feel pampered. After deciding that I wanted just a basic spa pedicure (due to time crunch), my feet were soaked a little more, then I had a hot stone treatment on my calves (heavenly!), and a series of oil and lotion on the calves and feet. A little filing and sawing the dry skin off (just kidding), my feet were painted an electric pink (the color I chose upon arrival) and finished with a top coat. I was given disposable flip flops and given a sincere 'see you next time!'. I was surprised at the total when I went to pay. $25! My polish has held up well and I'm dying to go back to feel pampered again. This place totally makes me want to change my beastly ways and take care of these feet more! The general public will benefit from this too. You know how it is when you see those looks of disbelief and horror when a girl attempts to wear open toed shoes with tore up feet! Nail Envy, you have saved the lives of feet onlookers! Yay you!
5	I couldn't be any happier with this place! Nick has been doing my nails now for the last 4 months, and I have never had a complaint about the work that he does. I am super picky with my beauty technicians, and as I have been with my hair dresser for almost a decade, I look forward to many more visits with Nick.
3	Salon is clean and they use plastic liners which I've been searching for. I used to work for a podiatrist i am way too familiar with diseases of the foot so I've walked out of places before due to unclean practices. The tools they use come directly out of the autoclave bag they were sterilized in. Awesome! The techs speak English to one another which makes the experience comfortable.  I definitely recommend this place for cleanliness and good service, usually. My nail tech however was crabby today. I had to ask for details that should be part of a regular manicure like filing down the edges of my nail. A hello how are you would have been nice because dead silence makes the experience uncomfortable. I know not to ask for this person next time and would still gladly visit this nail salon.
5	The reviews are correct!! This place is amazing! The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is welcoming and chill. They are very clean with sterilized utensils and bags for the pedicure tubs. It was 3 of us getting mani/pedis and we are all extremely satisfied!! Great experience!!
3	I really want to love Nail Envy. They came highly recommended by my trusted friends Dyanna L. and Shirley B. After three visits, I am sadly still on the fence about this place. If I had written this review after my first or second visit, I'd rate Nail Envy higher but my most recent visit left a LOT to be desired. I had been getting my nails done by the same person for well over a year, until she got a little lazy with regard to scheduling. After walking in for an appointment and being told to come back the following day, I decided it was time to try a new nail salon and made an appointment with Tina at Nail Envy (based on Shirley's recommendation). I love that you can make appointments on the Nail Envy website. Tina was great the first time I went to her, which was on a weekday. Very friendly, and my basic classic red gel manicure looked fantastic. I was particularly impressed with how she handled the nail that I had cracked (which happens anytime I let my nails get too long). The very thin layer of acrylic was invisible to others, but still strong enough to keep my nail from breaking completely. Tina also gives a killer hand massage. Since Tina did such a great job, I made another appointment with her for a gel manicure and basic pedicure, once again on a weekday evening.  I was especially looking forward to the hot stone massage that is part of the pedicure that people raved about in their reviews. While the massage was quite nice, I wasn't all that impressed with pedicure overall, my heels were not the baby-butt smooth I have come to expect after a pedicure.  My second manicure was good, but I did not receive a hand massage at the end which was a bit of a bummer. I attributed this to the amount of time that Tina had to work on painting my nails, as I had asked for some nail art. My most recent appointment was on a Saturday afternoon. Once again, I booked a gel manicure with Tina online. Sadly when I arrived the receptionist informed me that Tina was behind on her appointments so someone else would be handling my manicure. I was not thrilled with this, but my nails were in dire need of attention so I went with it. Three different people worked on my nails. The receptionist, who was quite lovely, started out by wrapping my nails to remove the existing gel. Nail Envy has a huge selection of gel polish colors to choose from, she went over a few polish options with me and made a couple of great suggestions I ended up going with. After about 10 minutes, one of the owners started to remove the gel on my nails. He also trimmed and filed the nails on my right hand. Finally the girl that was doing my nails came over to start. I wish I could say who she was, but she never introduced herself. There was so much wrong with this manicure: -She ended up breaking another one of my nails while removing the gel. She did not apply a thin layer of acrylic to my broken nails, despite my request and the nail tech next to her trying to give her the supplies to do so. She instead put glue on my nail and stuck my entire finger in acrylic powder. Within 24 hours, the nail that she broke cracked again. -She tried to leave the nails on my left hand long, despite me pointing out that the owner had already trimmed the nails on my right hand. Serious lack of attention to detail. She never compared the nails to the other hand to ensure they were of similar length. -She started painting my nails with one polish and then got another because the brush was old and bottle was almost empty. The new polish was not the same color. -She simply was not friendly or pleasant at all. Compared to Tina, and even to the nail tech at the neighboring station, she seemed cranky, like she didn't want to be there. Long story short: Nail Envy is a great place IF you get a good nail tech, and not all of the techs are good. And even if you make an appointment with your prefered tech, you may end up with someone else. I am unsure if I will return.
5	I'm visiting my family currently . Its really hard for me to trust people doing my nails and I looked around on yelp to find a great place to do my nails. This place is seriously a gem .. Tina did my nails how I wanted them and took her time . She was really talkative and really sweet !! thank you . I'll be defiantly coming back again !!
3	I've had Nail Envy bookmarked since they opened. Since my regular nail salon was closed on July 4th and I couldn't make an appointment with them, I decided to try this place. With all the great reviews I figured this would wind up being my "second" nail place. What I liked:-Complimentary beverages including water and soda.-Huge nail polish selection.-Disposable liners for pedicure tubs.-Massage chairs for pedicures.-Brief hot stone massage on legs. -The prices - their regular mani/pedi is 10 bucks cheaper than my regular spot, and that's without the yelp check in.  -20% off for first timers.-10% off yelp check in.What I disliked:-Not nearly as classy or luxurious as my regular nail salon.-Way too packed. -It took 2 hours for a regular manicure and pedicure; they kept me waiting with feet soaking in the pedicure tub for 30 minutes before anyone even started working on me-Nail tech was not meticulous. ==I had to request that she finish taking the old nail polish off the sides and tops of my nails. She blamed it on the fact that I requested not to have my cuticles cut. I NEVER have my cuticles cut and my regular nail salon manages to remove all remnants of my old polish. ==I had to ask her to remove the new polish from the sides of my fingers and above my nail. ==Nail tech handled cash from another customer and then continued to work on my feet. What's the point of wearing gloves then? My trusted Yelp advisers seem to love this place so I'll give it another shot at some point. And maybe I'll keep it as a backup if my other nail salon can't fit me in or is closed. But I did not leave with a strong desire to ever return.
2	I came to Nail Envy twice prior to today and got "ok" enough service to return. Their pedicure is not amazing, so I decided to just get a gel manicure today and save the pedicure for a different salon. I came in with a photo that looked fairly simple (gel polish with glitter) and showed the lady doing my nails. Seemed simple enough. She did the polish and all was well. When it came time for the glitter, it was a disaster. Two other nail techs gave it a shot and neither could achieve the desired look. If they could not do what was shown in the photo - that would be fine. However, they put these crazy clumps of glitter on and kept saying, "Like this?" If I wanted some abstract version of the photo, I wouldn't have brought a picture of exactly what I wanted. In addition, they couldn't remove all the glitter so now I have specs of glitter in addition to the bubbles in the polish. Not exactly a $30.00 manicure. I won't be returning.
4	I always appreciate when the owners or management of a business takes the time to deal with a customer's complaints in a professional manner, and Nick at Nail Envy did just that.  After posting my original review, he contacted me to apologize for the issues that I had on my previous visit and offered to make things right with a complimentary manicure from the technician I prefered. I took Nick up on his generous offer and scheduled a manicure and basic pedicure with Tina on a recent weekday afternoon. Nick greeted me as soon as I walked in, thanked me for giving them another shot and offered me a beverage. He did all of this with a smile, I truly felt like he appreciated me as a customer.Once again, Tina was fantastic. I changed my mind about the color I picked for my toenails, she found another polish that was exactly what I wanted. She got my heels feeling baby-butt smooth like I expect after a pedicure. For my manicure, Tina's  attention to detail was impeccable. She shaped my fingernails perfectly, she used a brush and acetone to clean up the polish on my fingers, and even "built" a new thumbnail for me out of acrylic since my natural nail had broken. I am very pleased with both way Nick at Nail Envy handled my complaints and with the service received from Tina. As long as she is working there, Nail Envy is definitely my new nail spot in town.
4	Love this Place , they are always very nice and helpful.always love the way my nails turn out and very happy when I leave I always see  Jenny she's the best !!!always look forward to my next visit =)
4	I've just moved to the Las Vegas/Henderson area and was looking for a decent salon. I called ahead just because I didn't know how busy they would be. I was day immediately and my technician started right away. While she did a great job, I was kind of offended because she was on her Bluetooth the entire time. I like having quality conversations and I didn't get that. The design I wanted required a certain technique so a second technician had to do that. She did a PHENOMENAL job. All the girls in the salon were coming over to look at my nails. Overall, I had a nice experience.
2	I went to nail envy today and was there roughly around an hour thinking I was gonna have a gel mani like I normally do. But this time I was going to take off the old ones and put on new.All the nail techs were busy so she asked one of the pedi ladies if she was comfortable doing it to soak and then take them off and I heard her say it at least two times and she said yes took me to a chair and used a metal knife looking thing and a nail to try and take them off: well she ended up splitting one and putting a hole in another. Only after she split the one did she have an attitude about the situation and threw her hands up in the air and said fine I'll soak them. I sat there and waited for the next lady to come. I whispered what happened to her so I didn't disturbed the people around me having their nails doneShe recommended that I not do the gel and give it a rest. I paid and then waited for my ride. I told the front desk lady bc she asked why I didn't do the mani and she told me that I should still do it. I give this place 2 stars because after the fact my bf and I called back and was upset. Left our number bc the owner lives in Cali. He was nice enough to try and accommodate me but I ask myself this question. Why go back when this happened?? My faith in them has diminished. I'll place a few photos to show what I mean. Look for my name
5	Had a pedicure and gel fiill Jenny's pedicure was perfect and Juliana's gel fill was perfect. Highly recommend this place. I've tried so many places over the years and am so happy that I can finally stop looking.  Clean, friendly, professional and reasonable.
5	Stopped in this place, and was helped instantly! First time coming and I will definitely return! Prices are very reasonable. The basic pedicure definitely exceeded my expectations!
5	Nail Envy became my regular salon while living in Vegas. The attention to detail makes them a step above most places I've visited. The staff is friendly and makes me feel welcome even when they're very busy and I don't have an appointment. Highly recommend their pedicures which made my dried out desert heels as good as new. I've also found that their gel polish lasts longer than others which I owe to their careful application.
5	Absolutely luv this place! Tina is my go-to manicurist & she's amazing! Never have I bleed from her doing my nails, always friendly & we talk the entire time! Lol I'm glad I found this place!!
1	Do not go here! The woman who did my nails was also the receptionist. She took about 60 calls no joke. She glued the nails on wrong and left them that way. Full set had to be removed couldn't do fills they were that bad. The woman was rude. Somehow her crappy work wasn't to blame. My nails are crooked? She didn't even let the acrylics dry. Tapped all my nails so there were bubbles all over them. Avoid that place like the plague.
5	I decided to give this place a try from their highly rated yelp reviews.  Nick, the manager did my full set of  Pink & Whites and my pedicure a couple ays later and I couldn't be more pleased.  Its a very clean, professional salon and  will go back.
5	The staff was nice enough to take me as a walk in an hour before they closed. Awesome manicure and pedicure - they did my manicure at the same time as my pedicure to save time, but absolutely no drop in quality. My nails stayed unchipped for days! I will definitely be back!
5	I have been on a search for a new nail tech ever since my last tech messed a paw print. The reviews here really sold me, but i wasn't sure what tech to choose. So i made my appointment online on their website (so flipping cool and convenient! ), for whomever was available. I got there a little bit early and the owner sat me with someone right away. I explained to them what i wanted and they began the soak to remove my old gel. Some time passed, and that's not a big deal, i was early.  Then Juliana came over to do my nails. I explained to her what i wanted  and she told me she could do that, and we were off. She was quick, thorough, very talented. And the price was so very reasonable.  I will definitely come again. My friends are going to be so jealous of my adorable nails!
5	Place was clean and friendly.  Was a walk - in and was seen right away for a pedicure and full set! Both was done with great care and perfect. Have been looking for a place that uses hot stones (not to many in vegas/henderson area), so glad I found this one! Will be returning!
5	In love with this place! All the girls here are so nice!!! I love the pedicures they give here. My job requires me to constantly be on my feet so I come here specifically for their pedicures. I will never stray from this place because of their consistency and loyalty they've accumulated. Thank you soooo much for the amazing service!
1	I rarely write reviews, but I don't really understand how this place has four stars. My mom and I are looking for a good salon to go to, that we can go to regularly. We saw this place had a good rating and decided to try it out. It started off well, we were greeted in a timely matter and started on our pedicures right away. But that was where our good experience ended. The girl was in such a rush to get my pedicure done so she could start my full set that I have nail polish all over my cuticles on my toes. My full set that she rushed through is already starting to come off, partially because the white tips aren't even fully glued on to my nails. The only thing holding them on is the acryllic. It's terrible work for the price, and I now have to find someone to fix my nails less than a week after I had them done, and spend even more money. I will definitely avoid this place and avoid referring anyone here.
5	Completely changed my mind. The manager took the time to address my complaint and was nice enough to try to find a way to make up for my previous experience.. Went back in for a full set and pedicure & I loved the outcome. He was very professional about it and I will definitely keep going back.
2	When we got there we were serviced right away for our pedis and got asked if we wanted any refreshments, which was absolutely great, But when it came to scrubbing down my feet to make it soft the job was half assed. I asked the lady if she could draw on this feather that I found on pintrest and it ended up looking like a line with random flecks. In addition I saw she wouldn't take the extra effort into putting more colors into the "feather" like it was on pintrest. She said it was too much color. She already added black and pink , but she couldn't add a little Orange and purple like it was in the picture? And okay I get that it was a lot of color, but for the job to be continuinly half assed I really didn't appreciate it. The only good part was the massage and even that was just okay.
5	Nick is a great manager and did a great job on my nails! Thank you again! :)
4	Solid spot for an inexpensive pedicure.  I started coming here after seeing Dyanna, Shirley and Jessie's check in's.  I have only had regular pedicures here, no manicures or gels.  Price is right and they do a decent job.  I love that you get a hot stone massage.  Not something I normally see with a regular pedicure.  You can make appointments on their website and they even have an app.  I usually come in as a walk-in during the week and don't have much, if any of a wait.  On my last visit the man doing my pedi made me feel really rushed.  He was very nice during the pedicure but right when we finished he basically shooed my friend and I out.  I like to sit for a few minutes to make sure my nails are at least semi dry.  I wasn't going to sit there all day.  There were only two other customers in the salon and no one waiting, so plenty of empty chairs for any appointments they might have coming in, not sure why he was in such a hurry for us to go.  Of course I messed up my paint getting in the car so I had to go back in and ask for it to be fixed, which he did. Seems like it would have been easier to just let me wait a couple minutes.  Still you can't beat the price.  They are less then half of my normal nail spot.
5	I've been looking for a nail place to go to around Henderson area and I decided to give this place a try! I liked how you can do an appointment online and so they were able to take me right away.. Their receptionist did a lot to help me pick my colors.. I came in still not sure of what colors to pick and so she was showing me options..very helpful and I like how she took the time. I got my pedi and mani gel done.. If you're in a rush it's good that they get both pretty much started at the same time. For my gel mani I did the chevron design. I like how when I was about to leave Nick checked my nails and offered to redo my chevron design.. I was very glad for that! Would totally come back here again!
3	I love the way I never feel like a number!  Staff are engaging and not on their phone!  I only see Tara as she is my favorite.  Color selection for Gel is excessive & they mixed a lot of colors together.  Lots of sparkle polish to choose from.  I recommend making an appointment, go online ..it's easy!!! Tip:  avoid going on weekends as it is packed!  Monday's are best!
5	I came here looking for a fill and Nick took one look at my nails, which had been totally screwed up from the previous place, and recommended a new set. He did a wonderful job removing them and putting on a new set. He also did a fabulous job on the design. He was quick and the prices are definitely reasonable.
4	They have 10% discount service for yelpers.   They are so friendly and nice.
