5	BELLAGIO CONSERVATORY (only)The conservatory was amazing this past weekend!! I don't know how people do it so well, but whoever it is that the hotel hires each year to omit just the right amount of "holiday fragrance" into the air, both in the hotel and the conservatory, does an excellent job. This year, the air was filled with notes of vanilla and cinnamon.  Last yeat, it was more pine.  Anyways, this was the firs time I was able to take my mother to see the conservatory.  The first piece that we looked at was a huge reindeer covered in pecans and adorned with all other types of flowers, roses, greenery, and even some dried flowers.  Water was creating the illusion of canopy type wiring that would be used to attach flowers and things.  it's hard to explain.  there was a little water show going on in one of the exhibits.  there were so many beautiful pointsettas and even some more interesting, moving pieces to the displays. in one of them were several penguins in what was an adorable arctic scene.  it was too cute. you had to see it yourself. anyway, it was very fun to see all of this going on. i love that it's open 247 and that it's such an elaborate display. i'm a fan of this conservatory. you should check it out if you've never seen it before!! it is definitely a sight to see.
5	This place is great to check out anytime of year!!! It's always so beautiful and amazing w/ what they have on display each time I come here.  The last time I was here was in October and they had a really cute display for Autumn...a nice little bridge that goes through the greenery and water fountains that shoot up and over the bridge as you're walking through...& a GIANT bucket of bright green, red and yellow apples flowing from it! It was amazing!!! (check out the pix i posted!)It's a great spot for photos especially during the holidays and the greatest part about it is that it's FREE!!! =)
5	This place is absolutely beautiful. There was this butterfly theme when we went and it provided some interesting photo-ops. This place is a must when in Vegas. So what are you doing? Go check it our for yourself!
5	Completely amazing and beautiful every time I've visited. I have no idea how they find the time and artistry to pull off changing the theme every season, but it's so great! I make it a point to visit every time I go to Vegas. Last time I went, butterflies were the theme. They even had a tiny greenhouse filled with live butterflies! So pretty. This time, Fall flowers, pumpkins, waterfall trees, and large animated forest creatures filled the space. It's the perfect place to stop and just enjoy something in Vegas that has nothing to do with drinking or gambling. Plus, there's tons of background for photo ops. The only downside? It gets crowded, of course.
5	The Conservatory at the Bellagio was beautiful when I visited in November 2008.  Since it was the fall, the conservatory had an autumn theme with wood nymphs and fall flowers and pumpkins.  It presents the perfect photo op for tourists and thus can be quite crowded.  Around the corner is the patisserie where you can buy some gelato or a crepe and return to peruse the conservatory.
5	Living plants and fauna inside a casino.  It is awesome.  Just WILD... and I want to know what they do to protect the poor trees from the tourists, smoke, and awful, awful Chihuly shops.  What a hack.Okay the chocolate stand around the corner with the huge chocolate waterfall was... well... I couldn't stop saying "Augustus!!!"The christmas decorations make it quite quaint, and the little walkway that had tourists marching alongside Nutcracker replicas 14' tall.  They looked like cows marching to the abattoir, plus the snowmen, etc was incredibly festive.Lovely.Not sure if it hit me right, frankly.Anyhoo... I have seen the room at day and night with and without the consumer driving holiday stimulus (people see ornaments and freak out and need to shop).....I like it.  A LOT.  It is living earthy grooviness inside a terrible naughty casino (which can also be nice).So... visit it.  IT IS THE ONLY FREE THING IN VEGAS.  Besides dudes who click cards with their fingers for stripshows.Those guys *ARE* Vegas.
5	Gorgeous holiday decorations when we were there (early December 2008). It was pretty packed but what a joy to see. Check out my pictures!
5	You could theoretically walk through it without realizing you're walking through it.  The Bellagio as a whole is so oppulently decorated that you may just figure you've wandered into a particularly plant-filled section and pay it no mind.Rest assured, you're in an actual Conservatory.  That's managed, pruned, and decorated.  Great for pictures, decorated for holidays and a generally pleasant distraction from the smoky casino floor.
5	Beautiful! The Bellagio Conservatory is a must see for anyone visiting Vegas. As a Hawaii resident, LAS is a home away from home for island folks. We stopped by in Nov 2008 to take in the fall displays. Amazing use of natural products. It was a nice way to kick-off the holiday season.
5	We were here for Chinese New Year a couple of years ago.  AND we were just visiting again and saw this:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YzlgswAwmpkMQifS3-YQTw?select=OOAxFbv0GDUKv33l2bWGXAI love this place.  I wish it was bigger.  People push and walk into your pictures.  If you're losing your money in the casino, tke a break and visit the conservatory.  It'll get you away for a little bit.
5	Bellagio Hotel has to be one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas. I took my husband there for his 40th B'day & it was the first time we had stayed there. We took a limo to the hotel & drove around the hotel, the driver was keeping it a surprise for my husband. He has been really wanting to stay here & so he was very pleased when we finally pulled up to the front. The Hotel itself is absolutely stunning & has such a classic feel. We went to our room where they had set the room up with robes for two & Basket full of snacks that I called & requested for. Within minutes of our arrival the hotel sent up a platter of delicious strawberries with coated chocolate that where "decorated" as little tux! We also had a bottle of Wine~DELICIOUS! I was so pleased with the service immediately! After a evening of good luck at the gambling tables we decided to head back to the room at the weeeee hour of the morning. Let me say that the feather down comforter, pillows & the bed itself was like a huge soft cloud that you just sink right into. It was so amazing that when I got home that weekend, I went out & bought everything to replace my old bedding! The service staff, the room, dining & drinks, (especially the green apple martini with cinnamon around the rim) & to the time we checked out of the hotel..I give it 5 stars~Hands down!
2	I have been there. It has nice things inside but expect more.
4	Gorgeous! Probably one of the only hotels that I have stayed at with a conservatory. I took so many great photos here and the colors are absolutely breathtaking.
4	I must say..... I was a little bit disappointed.It was pretty and I liked the butterflies (wish there was a butterfly room we could go into- these ones were behind glass), but it was just a little bit too "set-up" and crowded with people for my tastes. They had some cool art and some strange (but somewhat neat?) super tall fake flowers, but... I don't know. I guess I like my gardens to be a bit more natural and perhaps bigger (instead of wondering what's actually real in there). Guess you're not really going to get that in a Vegas hotel, though...I still love it, but..... not as exciting as I had hoped it would be.
5	Out of all of the places in Las Vegas the Flower Conservatory at the Bellagio is & always will be one of my favorites. It constantly exudes the most pleasant & freshest smell possible. It is as if the most extravagant Rose Parade Float is perpetually flipped inside out to veil an entire ballroom. I loved to walk through it even if I had just done so the day before & even though after 10 long years of visiting it you start to notice a few repeats & which items are recycled to be used in different ways or during different seasons.I had so many brutally bad days in L.V. & a lot of them took place at the beautiful Bellagio but, it was always nice when I was finally exiting to the parking garage for at the very least walk past the breathtaking Conservatory. Sad to say I didn't walk through as many times as I should or could have. It will always have a special place in my heart because it unceasingly made me have the slightest glimpse of heavenliness while I was figuratively living in hell. It is my Secret Garden.
3	I remember that cherub of culinary commerce, that leprechaun of EVOO, Rachael Ray, came here on one her $40-a-day shows and swooned over the abundance of flowers on display here. She may have said, "Oh, my gravy!" or one of her other tired expressions. For some reason, I was expecting a much bigger atrium greenhouse, but in truth, it's actually squeezed in an inner courtyard of the Bellagio surrounded by fancy restaurants and upscale shops like Chihuly.The good news is that unlike most anything else in the hotel, the conservatory is free. Granted the ornate glass ceilings lend a European flavor, Jamie W. and I were strolling when they ironically put out their Chinese New Year's decorations with panda topiaries and a variety of orchids and other exotic flowers, all immaculately maintained (see my photos). The challenge is maneuvering yourself through the throngs of tourists with their baby strollers and shrieking toddlers. It's just not all that bucolic a setting for personal meditation if you know what I mean. How much is too much? Just go to the Bellagio and find out.
3	This place is okay. Not that many flowers to look at. Can get crowded, because there's not much room to walk with everyone stopping to take pics and kids running around.
4	This was a legitimate surprise while I was walking through the Bellagio.  This one had slipped under my radar, and I didn't know they had anything like this inside, so I can honestly say that I was impressed by what I saw.  The displays, lighting, and cool colors were all top notch and really lent a neat vibe to the conservatory.Just another reason why the Bellagio is parked so firmly near the top of the Vegas heap.
4	For such the simplistic space it had to offer, it screamed "superb!"On one hot summery Sunday morning as my friends all lay fast asleep, I tip-toed on out of our hotel room. Brought my handy dandy camera with me on a little adventure. I was located at another hotel just across the Bellagio and decided to head on over here to check out the garden. Located just steps from the main lobby, you are immediately embraced by such beauty. "Hello Irma, welcome to my home." said the Sun as it shined down upon us through the glass ceiling. With a huge ferris wheel smack in the middle of the room rotating round and round in circles full of joy. I looked up and all around at all the flowers toppling over everyone with such brightness you knew you weren't in a dark place. And what's this? A bird house too? I was in a tornado of other tourists watching these little winged creatures fly around their home. Some bathing, some sitting and others just ''being.'' I absolutely enjoyed my time here. You see,  you get to come here and enjoy beauty and all the while not have to spend a dime...unless they decide to add a slot machine here too!A definite try for any tourist, even myself!
5	Beautiful!!  A free garden open to all!  Every time we go to Las Vegas, this garden is always on our 'to do' list. The garden changes about once a month to be themed with the season. We've seen it three different times.  It's always immaculate. It's always over the top!There are always moving parts, either fountains or moving sculptures.  The gardens are open 24 hours a day.  I'd suggest you pick your time to visit, because it can be very very busy here.  If you are up very early or late, you'll be able to move around the garden unobstructed. You can also eat at the Bellagio Cafe and see the gardens from some of the seating in the front.Great place for photos!!  Parking: Valet is free in Vegas at all the hotels... so just park for free and then head on in!!
5	This thing is beautiful.  After watching the fountains outside I always have to come inside and check out the gardens.  Throughout the year they change the theme.  What's more amazing is that it's FREE!  I guess Vegas can offer up so many free attractions with all the money they take from you.
3	Frankly, after reading all these reviews, I was expecting something more spacious and sublime...the ceiling is gorgeous, and the tile work on the floor is spectacular (as it is throughout the hotel) but it's small and is missing the true ambience of a garden...it's kitschy in an LSD-ish mode, kind of  "Las Vegas Does Alice in Wonderland's Foyer".  And it's not a true garden without a bench...amusing distraction, but not much more than that.
5	The botanical gardens are like some crazy beautiful dream you are walking into.  So many mystical creations that you can just oooo and ahhh to.  Everything is made out of floral life, minus the lights and structures.  But as I walked in here I forgot about the hustle and bustle of the hot strip, and was lifted away to a fairytale place.  Try not to miss this free feature of Vegas, cause everything seems to nickle and dime you wherever you go.
3	eh, not so great.  Crowded and lacking in the flowers.  The chocolate fountaint thing around the corner is much more exciting, because it's made of chocolate.
5	I came here on 2 different timings - during Christmas time and in August. I totally recommend the Christmas timing (when is anything never spectacular during Christmas?). The whole garden is basically filled with roses. It's amazing. During August, it's a totally different story - it had a ferris wheel and a Route 66 theme.
5	You definitely wouldn't imagine that Vegas would be a place to have a botanical garden, but it's pretty amazing...and best of all, it's FREE!! The garden is located right off of the main lobby of the hotel. It is  Breath of fresh air in vegas to get a way from the smell of smoke from the casinos Everything is made out of floral life, minus the lights and structures.  But as you walk in here you forgot about the hustle and bustle of the hot strip, andenter a new world
5	I've been here many times bu have never seen their Fall transformation yet.  Admittedly, I found the giant scarecrow kind of scary (think I may have nightmares about him).  And the Mill in the back corner looked like it easily could have been changed to something out of Sleepy Hollow, but it was cool!The Fall leaves and colors really were refreshing and beautiful.  All I needed was a cup of hot cider and the experience would have been complete.
5	Talking trees, giant half-ton pumpkins, a huge waterwheel, a mini display of the hotel WITH the fountains...???Simply put... gorgeous!It was our first time here as well.  I guess this was their fall display.  Now, I want to come back and check out the rest of the seasons!
4	Filled with 10 million tourists and their cameras. Then again isn't Vegas always filled with that? Highly amusing. Talking trees, giant pumpkins, water fountains and a giant venus flytrap. Oh and there's a watermill. Changes with the seasons, but you'll be amused. Take pictures, be a tourist, wonder how much money vegas has from scamming you out of your money in the casino, but at least you get pictures and get to be amused, all for free. Can't complain about that. Right outside you can see the hand blown glass flowers on the ceiling of the lobby. Tacky yes, but amusing yes. Take pictures and enjoy.Check out their buffet while you're at it. You won't be disappointed.
2	Wow, based on the pictures and description on their website I expected their gardens to be A LOT bigger. Yes it was pretty, but everything was so squished and there were so many tourists (even on a Monday and Tuesday!) that it was hard to appreciate and enjoy. They were also in the middle of switching over from their Thanksgiving theme to their holiday theme so some displays were only half completed. Bummer...
4	The Bellagio is quite spectacular on the outside and inside (until you get to the rooms then you have to read my review for that). I am a big plant lover, tree hugger, exotic flora collector... whatever you want to call me. The one thing I really wanted to do in Vegas was stay at the Bellagio and see what all the hype was about regarding the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens. Let me start off by saying that I went during their Christmas set up. They had a huge Christmas tree, polar bears made completely of flowers and lights that lit up every corner of the exhibit. It was truly breathtaking. I really wish I could have seen it in it's normal display.They have every color of poinsettias that you can imagine laid out to make up the floor. Each morning, you see teams of 3 - 4 people who are out there with their carts of fresh flowers replacing anything that even hinted at wilting. Very spectacular... however I did expect it to be bigger that what it was.
5	The conservatory and gardens at the Bellagio are a visual treat throughout the year with changing floral displays and decorations to highlight the different seasons and specific holidays.  With every visit to Las Vegas I've enjoyed this is the one attraction I've visited each time.  This year marked my third visit during the Christmas season.Polar bears seem to be the highlight this year, but the giant toy rocking horse is the centerpiece of the gardens.  Two sets of toy trains circled the horse and the amazing flower garden surrounding it.  Installed on each train is a live camera aimed towards the viewing areas.  There are video monitors to view what the train's cameras were recording, and all I saw were happy faces from young and old, eyes widened, just enjoying the visual treat.I took a few photos also that I've posted here:http://www.flickr.com/photos/26-2milesandmore/sets/72157623042392430/Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to All!!
5	"Just hear those sleigh bells jingle-ing, ring-ting-tingle-ing too..."Here at Bellagio's Conservatory and Botanical Gardens during the Holiday season, you literally are wisked away to their Winter Wonderland.  All that was missing were the just those lyrics from the song "Sleigh Ride." Wow!  Winter Wonderland it really was.  The highlights for this years holiday display was the elevated Santa Claus and Reindeer flying high above, and the Polar Bear family made of over 30,000 white carnation flowers.  The massive 42 foot Christmas tree with Toy Soldiers protecting was also quite a sight to see.  We made our way over to the Conservatory around 11pm-ish, and it booming with crowds. I just wish I was able to get better views and camera shots as it really was a beautiful Christmas display!
5	The Bellagio Conservatory and Fountain Show are the two reasons why the Bellagio is my favorite stop along the Strip. The seasonal displays are breathtaking, and the only downside is that it's always crowded in there because everyone also thinks it's the most beautiful spot on the Strip.This time around I got to see the Christmas display, with the giant Christmas tree and the flying reindeer and the cool polar bears.
5	Great place to stroll through, especially late at night when not too busy. Tons of plants everywhere. Came here and was excited to see giant polar bears.
5	Great place to visit.  It's like a large indoor greenhouse, but with decorations and fun animatronics.  They change the motif every few months, to match the season.It's located next to lobby, right before the parking garage, so it's always busy with camera-toting people.  That's the only downfall, too busy sometimes.But hey, it's free and it's beautiful, so it's always worth a visit everytime I am in Las Vegas.
5	I wish I had a garden like this. Wow! I walked into the conservatory at Bellagio and felt that I had never seen the strip, the lights, anything. This was so removed from the chaos outside.
5	Very creative ever changing displays. The Chinese New Year displays are legendary each year.  Beautiful looking, beautiful smelling, really unique.
5	One of the first places I visit everytime I get to town.  I try to go after midnight to avoid the crowds.  Beautiful, creative, fresh,..sigh.
5	Truly stunning! I appreciate very much having a live botanical garden to visit right on the World Famous Las Vegas Strip.With every visit, I find a newly themed & decorated garden.Bring your camera as it's so beautiful. Often you will find brides here having their pictures taken.
5	The motif when I visited was very "Honey, I shrunk the kids!" - Bellagio style. Oversized ants, bees, snails, and fireflies were all playfully displayed among the beautiful array of traditional and exotic flowers. Standing amongst it all I couldn't help but think: "Hey wait! I get it! FRENCH CLASS!"
4	Another fun thing at the Bellagio (after the Fountains) that is beautiful, fun and FREE!  Each display varies by season.  I liked the one I saw in June 2009 better than end of March 2010.  An employee informed me that the garden peaks at certain times (a few weeks after I was there -- the tulip bulbs had just been planted) and that makes sense.  The gorgeous floral displays remind me of the Rose Parade in Los Angeles on New Year's day.  I've grown up watching it every year, so it's fun to see something similar in Vegas.  I bring my camera and take lots of pictures.  It's quite relaxing if it's not too crowded.  CHECK IT OUT!
4	Always nice to see whats the seasonal theme! All quality and imagination. Always beautiful and fragrant!!!
4	the smells alone of the conservatory make it 4 stars.  and it's free...and its located to a very nice 24/7 cafe.  they change it every season...but the smells and aromas of fresh flowers abound.  amazing.  the space itself is pretty tight...and when you go when its busy you have to always dodge people taking pictures.  oh well.  the place is really beautiful.  go!
5	The very classy Bellagio hosts a beautiful botanical garden, right off of the main checkin area.  The flowers are in full bloom, the floors are intricate mosaics, and the themes are whimsical and colorful.Rather than rambling on here, I thought I'd attach some pictures from my last visit.
5	B-e-a-u-t-i-l-f-u-l.....is ALL i haf-ta say
5	Beau-ti-ful!This is one of the jewels of the Bellagio. The gardens constantly change so this place is always a place to stop by when you're in town.Good: Beauty and it's name is the Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens.Bad: Gets crowded. Really crowded.Final: Go!
5	Just so beautiful. And I am not a gardener...too many bugs, too much dirt. :) But here it is all done and I can just look and appreciate. Saw this last year and can't wait to see how it's changed this year.
5	I love the botanical gardens. The theme is changed about four times a year and is currently a spring theme with watering cans, frogs made out of flowers and giant, scary ants. It's all good, though, and there are plenty of photo opportunities. You may have to take turns with [other] tourists if it's busy, so go in the morning. It's open all the time.Since I live in Vegas now, I visit regularly and it's always impressive. How DO they make so many things out of beautiful flowers and keep them in pristine condition?
4	Lovely, whimsical, and free. Also very, very crowded. You can put a positive spin on this by observing that a bunch of total strangers will remain in your memory forever because they got in your pictures by mistake. And you're in theirs.Sit in the cafe next to the Conservatory if you want to look for more than a few minutes. Applause to the Bellagio for designing something beautiful for the sake of beauty. Combined with the riot of Dale Chihuly glass flowers in the adjacent  lobby's ceiling, the Conservatory is a oasis in a desert of commercial madness.
5	Went again this year and just as beautiful but different display so I will add some photos.I would like to add that if you go, you must go around the corner and see the chocolate fountain and watch some crepes being made...as amazing to the senses as the flowers!!
5	I love the conservatory @ the Bellagio!  They change displays seasonally, so every time I come I experience something different! I love the creativeness and the meticulousness (if that's a word) put into everything they create...love it, love it, love it!
4	i love that Bellagio has a lot of great scenery at no cost. Its fun filled like you're in Alice in Wonderland or the Wonka factory, except smaller and a garden with a huge ant....but it is great! You can take some great photos at the Bellagio, feel like you're in a different place, and the hotel itself can take you back to thinking of western civilization!
5	LOVE IT! IT'S FREE!This is perhaps one of my favorite spots to just sit and relax for a bit from all the gambling and chaos from the strip. Grab some gelato and come and sit or walk around the lovely bountiful greenery and be surrounded by different species of plants and flowers. At night, it is a better scene because everything is all lit up, shining, and joyful :).
4	I thought this was going to be bigger but it was cool nonetheless. My husband liked it. Another nice sight to see while you are in airconditioning. Vegas is crazy hot!
4	One of the many draws to the Bellagio is their Conservatory and Botanical Gardens. There is one other like it that I know of, but this is the largest. It also changes from season to season, which just like Vegas outside, makes this something to keep coming back to see. It's like the Rose Parade in one room. It's a wonderful fantasy to walk through there at night with all the different sounds, smells, and colorful lighting. One of the best things? It's free. Well, free to those who don't make deposits into the Bellagio slots. Anyway, this is one of those "must sees" if you're visiting Vegas.
5	Quite arguably one of the best free attractions in Las Vegas.  Always meticulously maintained, open 24/7 for your viewing pleasure, and constantly changing themes for the various seasons and holidays.Eat at The Bellagio Cafe, enjoy desserts from Jean Philippe, and walk through here for entertainment on your way back to the tables.  Perfect for all ages.  Follow the smell of flowers to find it.
5	The Conservatory & Gardens inside the Bellagio are my #1 favorite place on the Strip to take people that are in town to visit. It's a beautiful change from the dings of the machines and the flashy lights that surround you when you are on the Strip. Plus it's free, you can't beat free!Don't think that just because you do not have to pay that means any expense was spared here.  Most displays contain over 10,000 flowers and plants, as well as water features, sculptures, talking trees and sometimes even live animals! I particularly enjoy the scale model Bellagio they will sometimes build complete with working fountains. The attention to detail is amazing. The plants get switched out for fresh ones every couple weeks, with old plants become mulch.. I read an article that stated that 90% of the displays end up being recycled. Beautiful AND environment-friendly!The fact that the displays are changed out 5 times a year (spring, summer, fall, winter holiday and Chinese New Year) makes this one place worth revisiting time and time again.
4	There are live animals here!  When we visited, there was a wonderful display of colorful birds, all enjoying fresh fruit and showing off as we took pics.  The water arches and dancing water displays seem to keep the garden cool, but I know, we were inside.  :)  We took time to take pics and really enjoy this place, and it was a lovely walk to get to the gardens, with lots of things to see inside before we got there, see pics.  The whole experience took well over 2 hours, and wifey enjoyed her new fav drink, Tom Collins at one of the bars before we departed.
5	One of the great things about living in Las Vegas is just dropping in at the Bellagio Conservatory to see the plantings and display.  It doesn't matter if I've seen this one already.  It's always worth a stop, especially in the morning when some of the tourists are still fighting their hangovers and don't want to leave their rooms.This year, the summer show was scrapped from the lineup.  Instead, the spring show morphed into the summer display with a change out of the type of flowers in the display.  It's still quite lovely.It's quite interesting to time a visit when they are doing the changeover from one season to the next.  You see the "shell" of the Conservatory and how they place the displays so they make up the finished product.After the Conservatory, it's always time for some gelato either from Jean Philippe or Cafe Gelato.  Enjoy this while you people watch.  Tourists can be so interesting and funny!
4	(Short and serious review alert!)For those that's been to Vegas I'm almost sure that 99% of you have heard or visited the conservatory at the Bellagio.  With that said, this will be short and sweet and as informative as possible.The Bellagio conservatory is an awesome live garden within Bellagio.  Depending on the season, holiday, event, event, etc. the gardening crew at Bellagio will perform their magic to transform this beautiful landscape into a theme based on the special occasion.  It's so incredible because all the flowers are live and blooming, and majority of the creatures, architectures, things and objects that are placed on this landscape are created using flowers!  It's really a wonderful job performed by the gardening crew.This time when I visited it was a simple summer garden theme with bees, ants, snails, etc... not really my cup of tea as I totally hate insects!  But I'll still give them props for doing such a wonderful job!  (My personal favorites are during Christmas time and CNY!)The conservatory is located right next to the main lobby where the colored glass ceiling is located.  (You can't miss it and if you do you seriously need to get your eyes checked for medical reasons...)A terrific place to wind down, take in the scenes after a hard day of gambling, and a great way to educate the little ones on your botanical knowledge!  (Just don't show them the signs with all the flower descriptions then you will sound like a genius!)Enjoy a day in the garden!
4	I  really wanted to go for 4.5, but no halfsies.  Every time we go to Vegas I HAVE to come here and see what the latest display is.  It has almost always been amazing (one time it was a bit lame, but I think it was about trees or something that time).  When they do people it is really a sight to behold.  If you aren't into flowery art then you will be in and out in 5 to 10 mins....unless its really crowded and that time may get upped if its crowded with people standing in the middle of walkways taking pictures like no one else might want to walk that way.  If you really like this type of thing - or if you are one who wants to take snaps, but not block the pathways - then you could spend a bit more time there.The Christmas displays are always the best to me.  I would put it on the list of must sees when visiting Vegas.
5	It's one of the few FREE attractions that is available 24 hours- 7 days a week. Beautiful, floral (ah, the smells), huge living breathing works of art that changes with every season (different displays- so it's worth checking it out, from time to time). Proof that nature is beautiful and breath-taking. Highly recommended!A memory that sticks out for me, is this is one of the stops on my and my husband's first date. It was at the end of January, so it was Chinese New Year. I guess you should know that our story started a long  time ago- 1993. And we were buddies for a while- pretty much did a lot of things together, but didn't date until after 10 years later. And the funny thing is we took one picture to document our outing- and it's one picture of the conservatory. That's my "first date" story.Since it is a bit crowded, you might have to wait around to take pictures unless you want strangers in your pictures (my husband likes to make the goofiest faces when he happens to notice that he is in someone's shot). It seems to be less crowded late at night (11 pm-ish, midnight-ish).On a side note, I knew someone who's mother worked here at the casino, and would bring home the flowers to enjoy since they were getting tossed. Lucky!
5	A free exhibit!!!  A wonderland type of garden that changes with the season.  You'll feel like you're in a cartoon world.
4	The day my wife and I got married we ran around the strip in our outfits for a hour or two...We stopped by the Bellagio and took a couple minutes to go inside and check out the Botanical Gardens.  They were beautiful like usual...we took lots of cheesy pictures while we were there.  Its one of those awesome free things in Vegas to do in between turning your money over to the casinos.:0)
4	This is one of the best attractions to go to on the Las Vegas Strip and the best part is it's FREE! it's always pretty to see what ideas they come up with. They change it out 5x a year with different themes such as Chinese New Year, Spring, Summer, Fall and Christmas. It's spectacular to see the design made up entirely of real plants and flowers. They have little signs that tell you about what plants they are or even sometimes there's signs with little tidbits of information such as for Chinese New Year they say what animal year it is and lists a little description of it. It is a popular place so try to come at non peak times so you can take a better look or get photos with less tourists in them. It's always nice to see where and how they will incorporate dancing water too... I always make sure I come here when I visit, in the day and night. Both times are the day a must see. They must have a lot of gardeners to maintain the conservatory. ^_^*~
3	This one is tough. I really wanted to be blown away by the gardens and, well, I just wasn't.  They weren't bad but they weren't great either.We went in Autumn right before Thanksgiving and while the gardens were pretty, there was nothing spectacular to look at.  A giant scarecrow and some glass leaves dangling from the ceiling just didn't do it for me. However, judging from some of the pictures on here, it looks like if you go at the right time of year, you'll see some pretty amazing things.   It was also extremely packed when I went.  You could barely move or see over people if you're short(like me).  Forget about photo ops...the crowds made that really difficult.Still, it is free, and it is pretty so it's worth a visit. Just don't go out of your way or blow off something more fun to get here.
4	I was just there around Thanksgiving, so the decorations were very autumnal. There were several HUGE pumpkins and squash (which I'm sure are all award-winning sizes...we're talking thousands of pounds here). Very beautiful. I have to say I thought the gardens would be much larger though. I guess all the Vegas strip hotels have something that draws people to visit...the gardens are probably a lot more attractive than say the MGM tiger exhibit or the flamencos at Flamingo...It was very pretty though!
5	How can one not love this part of the Bellagio?  It's always perfectly kept and has something crazy, like giant ants or bears that wear fishing garb.  And it's right next to a chocolate fountain.  Being asked to take pictures is a very likely event;  people around the world want to show their friends that, "Hey, that's a giant fishing bear made out of flowers.  I am not a liar."
5	I often forget about some of the cool, free attractions around town. The Bellagio botanical garden is always an interesting display to take in. They change it monthly and spare no expense coming up with seasonal works of art that are breathtaking and imaginative. It's usually packed with tourists and can be difficult to walk through but if you can get there early in the morning on a weekday you'll find considerably less people around, making it the perfect time to hang out and take pictures.
5	On any trip to Vegas, I always, always, make sure I have time to visit the Bellagio.   Obviously, one reason is the dancing Bellagio fountains. The other reason:  to view the wondeful and beautiful conservatory.If you've never visited the Bellagio before, the conservatory is located just beyond the check in counters in a spacious atrium.  The staff decorate the conservatory according to the season of the year, and utilize various flowers, props, decorations, and water displays.  It seems that every time I visit the conservatory, the staff always seem to outdo themselves, and this year was no exception.I had the opportunity to visit earlier this month, and the Christmas theme that was put together was just breathtaking!  They staff did such an outstanding job of decorating, that you can't help but smile and just take in the sight of such a holiday-themed vision.  For this season, the conservatory was decked out in various flower displays, with a family of penguins across from polar bears and a water display.  In the center, some over-sized Christmas ornaments, with the main focus being a giant Christmas tree in a sea of red flowers, flanked by 4 soldiers straight out of the nutcracker.  The conservatory is definitely a place to be enjoyed by all ages, and an absolute must -see attraction when visiting Las Vegas.
5	Beautiful beautiful and did I mention beautiful?  These gardens are pretty yes, but its the ambiance of the hotel that makes this place so special.Imagine a nice peaceful place, that was meant to be enjoyed in a serene setting...then you end up having seven or eight screaming three year old's in strollers ruining the vibe.   not the hotels fault, but really.... there should be an age limit. At least make it from 8 yrs. and up.  gheesh.Around the holidays is the best display...
5	I don't just hand out 5-star reviews.  I only give them to the very BEST attractions, services and establishments in the area I am reviewing.  This attraction earns every star!This seasonal garden changes throughout the year, so you can easily return time to time and see a completely new and beautiful arrangement.  They're always fun and stunningly gorgeous!  AND IT'S FREE!  Sure, some times of the year might not be as spectacular as other times, but some of the poor reviews may have been because the viewer went with preconceived notions or expectations.  Come here with the wonder of a child's curiosity and you'll be delighted!  It's a great attraction for people of ALL ages.  I HIGHLY recommend going during the Christmas season, especially if you have kids.  It's nice to know that a premium hotel with substantial gaming revenues gives a little back to the community (somewhat) by providing at least a couple best-in-class attractions (the Conservatory and the Fountains) at no financial cost.  It gets busy during holidays, with people jostling for position to get the best photographs of the scenes and their families, so plan ahead.
5	If you make a trip to vegas you have to see the conservatory! They do a great job of changing up the displays i believe every other month. It does get very crowded at times with evrybody taking pictures though
4	The Gardens are a fantastic piece of quiet art and culture amidst the razzle dazzle of The Strip.  I love to go every time they change it (usually they have a Chinese New Year, Spring, Summer, Fall/Thanksgiving, and Holiday display).  Even though they will use some of the same pieces in their displays, they seem to create something new each time.The place always smells amazing because of all of the different flowers.  It's even educational because they will put the names of the flowers in the display.  So if you have a black thumb, like me, you can impress people with your knowledge of botany, borrowed from The Bellagio!My two most favorite themes are always the Spring display, because they usually have some sort of animal house you can walk through like birds or butterflies; and the Fall/Thanksgiving display, because I love the Old Man in the tree who is always part of it.A great place to visit that can be pretty awe-inspiring, and best of all it's FREE!
4	Yet another excellent free attraction brought to you by the Bellagio. The displays are changed seasonally, so there's always a reason to come back. Pair this with the fountains and you have a killer one-two combo of free visual awesomeness. OK maybe it's more of a one-two-one combo, because the fountains are worth coming back to again (and again).
5	What is not to love about this FREE, beautiful, FREE, always changing, FREE display at one of the most stunning hotels in Las Vegas! It is absolutley breathtaking how detailed and beautiful the Botanical Gardens at the Bellagio is. I recently went for the Christmas Holiday display and was once again blown away by the detail. Flowers everywhere, creatures moving, water flowing, lights, snow.....awesome!It is a MUST see for anyone of any age!
5	The Bellagio does a great job with their garden. I visited it in February when it was all decked out for the Chinese New Year. Huge golden statutes of Chinese gods, a fake Chinese junk boat and gazebo, traditional Chinese garden with bushed shaped like rabbits to celebrate the Year of the Hare. We loved walking around admiring the gorgeous flowers amazingly all in bloom at once. It was free too!
4	What a wonderfully vibrant an playful "garden" conservatory in the midst of the dry and hostile desert of Las Vegas. Situated in the Bellagio and located near the elevators to the main parking garage, the BC keeps a evolving palette of thematical artistic expressions ( usually themed on the nearest holiday or season )   mainly exdcuted in a botanical nature. Always incorpaorating a myriad of flower and plant species as well as clever uses of lights, advanced water works, fountains and fanciful displays, the glass enclosed area is meant to resemble a hugh greenhouse of sorts. Replete with soaring ceilings capped off with faux patina'd copper trellising and carved with meandering paths footbridges, they pull off a tremendous feat in accomplishing the unrhinkable: for just a moment one can forget that youre smack dab in the middle of a behomoth of a casino/hotel/mall/stampede. Best of all, there's no entrance fee and parking is easy and complimentary. ( park o the garage roof and you wont lose or forget where your car is, some car parks are HUGE ) I suggest a nice stroll thru the garden then a walk over to the buffet, by far top notch and one of the best buffets in Vegas. Don't forget to check out the Dale Chiluly glass shop in the back of the conservatory, wonderful blown glass by thw worlds most famous blower and the artist who made the huge chandelier in the hotels lobby. Also noteworthy is the Bellagio Art Museum entrance located to the left of the garden, home to an impressive collection of modern masterpieces. ( bit pricey to enter for a museum but an important collection nontheless )
5	Our family absolutely loves coming here.  The floral displays and unique designs are always awe-inspiring!  Located next to the main lobby of the Bellagio, this place can get really crowded.....especially during the holiday season.They change the design frequently, so it's a different experience every time we visit.  The best place to park if you want to check it out is the parking garage on the South end of the property.....you access the parking garage from Las Vegas Blvd.Return Factor - 100%
5	Um hello...its the Bellagio Conservatory! It changes every month and is beautiful!I have been here in January and seen the Chinese New Year display and then in March to see the garden/bugs display.  Its a great photo ops and oh-so-pretty.Also, you can't miss that Chihuly glass ceiling! As I said in a review of the fountains, there might be new hotels cropping up everywhere but the Bellagio just always holds some classics!
5	The Bellagio gardens are something everyone should see when they visit Vegas.  They change the gardens monthly, but they're consistently beautiful.  They always bring something new to the table and it is always to see what brilliance they bring at the outset of every month.They choose beautiful art pieces, they have beautiful flowers, and gardens are a beautiful backdrop for pictures. It's undeniably a great way to spend a few minutes.  After you're done checking out the gardens, then walk a few steps over to visit Jean Phillipe's Patisserie, which is one of the best sweets places anywhere!
5	I always try to make a stop here to check out their display. This time, they had a fun easter garden. It's a great place to take photos and kind of get away from the whole mode of sitting in front of a slot machine pressing buttons. There's also a Jean Phillipes around the corner.
5	Attractions like this are part of the charm of Vegas that you rarely find anywhere else. Whether you're 7 or 70, the Bellagio Conservatory + Botanical Gardens is a must-see pit stop when you're in Vegas. Why? Because it's one of the most if not THE most lovely garden display you'll ever see in your life + it's FREE! Ever changing, each season is newly decorated with bright + beautiful flowers, statues, towering structures + lighting fixtures that truly make the space come to life. Coming here never gets old as each visit leads to a unique surprise of how the designers outdid themselves each time. And, of course, make sure to bring your camera so that you can join all the other tourists in taking zillions of pretty pictures Here's a few examples from some of my past trips of how the gardens change at different times of year: Chinese New Year: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YzlgswAwmpkMQifS3-YQTw?select=Cb00Bmdy5aKt2qvQS3YZwwComplete with a gazebo + a giant buddha!Springtime: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YzlgswAwmpkMQifS3-YQTw?select=bqb_IcQblxLWIUGAHf39bQIncluding a butterfly house with real butterflies! Autumn Harvest: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YzlgswAwmpkMQifS3-YQTw?select=G5r90A-LkA4c_GM8vZpyugGiant pumpkins!!! Christmas: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YzlgswAwmpkMQifS3-YQTw?select=oFZQTSvxhUblR7gclVQHAQAnimated penguins! Conveniently located right between the parking lot entrance + the Bellagio's front desk, it's only natural to take a peek in while venturing the Strip no matter what time of day or evening. I've found that the best time to come without having to deal with crowds of other people bumping into you or accidentally walking into your photo is in the wee hours of the early morning... aka when everyone else is asleep except for those who never went to sleep.  ;)
5	Oh Botanical Garden...such a beautiful place to go see every time I go to Vegas.  My friend had told me about this place, and ever since we went, I always try to stop by.  They change the garden about every 3 months, I've seen it when it was Chinese New Year themed, Fall, and Summer.  This place is just a lovely place to take pictures and to enjoy.  It's located at the Bellagio and best part it's FREE! =)If you haven't been here, you should go. It's BEAUTIFUL!!
5	Without fail, we always make it a habit of stopping by the check out the exhibit when in town. The memorial day featured an eagle made of flowers over a huge replica of the liberty bell. Great for photos, a short pleasant stroll with sun shining thru and plenty of people smiling.
5	Now, THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!!The gardens are beautiful...the floral display of different flowers in all colors with a mixture of art glass is a sight to behold.. The magnificent glass celing in an array of all hues of orange, greens, blues reds & violet dominates the lobby.  The artist whose work are also found in the Gardens of M. Meier in Grand Rapids is truly a work of art...also .I heard the visual displays runs through the whole year to highlight the different seasons of the year.  I wish I can be there to see the various attractions and displays every 4 months..Vegas residents are lucky.... Also enjoyed the butterflies at the Conservatory...the various topiaries...the gazebo...the fountains...just beautiful...it's just too much tourist clicking their cameras all over...children crying...too much strollers..kids getting lost...people talking loudly in all languages...it destroys the serenity of the place...Oh Well...I just truly enjoyed the place!!! Will i be back...you bet....
5	It really is pretty here...you know that you're visiting Las Vegas too often if you're coming here and the display is still the same as the last time you visited.  But I'm always in awe of what great work they do in this area and I commend Bellagio for not turning this entire area into another money making venue.  For that alone, I give it 5 stars. This is located right to the right of the main check-in area.  You can't miss it.  Definitely make a stop in, take lots of pictures and make your friends jealous by doing a mobile upload on Facebook.  ^_~  Enjoy!
5	I love love love Bellagio's Conservatory & Botanical Gardens! It always amazes me each time I come back for a visit. My sister used to work at the Bellagio so I have had the chance to visit year round. Their take on each season is great! During the fall, they have HUGE pumpkins and cornucopia in time for Thanksgiving. And during the spring/ summer time (I was just there) they had mini hot air balloons floating around and a mini Ferris wheel (well not that mini). This place is one of the many reasons why I love the Bellagio...plus it's free!
4	I normally look foward to see whats new with the Botanical Gardens It always amazes me each time I come back to visit! Cant wait to see what they come up next .
5	I always make a point of visiting the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens at the Bellagio whenever I visit Vegas.  For those of you who have never seen it, you are in for a visual feast.The gardens are changed seasonally and around various holidays.  I swear, the workers who create and put together the displays are serious artists.  They are absolutely lovely.  I love all of the different flowers they use and the different props.  On my most recent visit, the conservatory was decorated for the upcoming Independence Day Holiday.  My favorite was the giant Liberty Bell surrounded by lovely fragrant blossoms.  Amazing to behold!If you love flowers, then I would highly recommend a visit to the Bellagio's Conservatory and Botanical Gardens.
5	MY SON LOVED IT HERE!!Best free thing in Vegas! We went and there was a crowd as it was Friday. Nothing terrible, we were able to get some good photos and were able to stop at each display. They had a carnival/American theme going on and my son ran in there and wanted to ride the carousel. Poor guy! I told him it was just a display and he got over it! LOL. It was SUPER pretty!!We ventured off into the little bird house area, and of course there was the dweebs who were putting their hand in the water beams like jerks! I got splashed a few time, but no biggie! We went in to look at the birds and some lady pushed my son out the way so she could see!! Damn tourists!! LOL. He was shocked and moved along pissed. I had to make some room for him to see the birdies and he was happy again : )!We left there and went and checked out the giant ferris wheel! He loved it!! It was soo beautiful! Again he tried hopping the fence thingy to ride it only to get pulled back by me! LOL. Overall it was awesome! We had a great time (minus the rude lady)
4	Lovely place to take pictures! I always try to stop by the Bellagio just for the hand blown glass and botanical gardens.
5	Very lovely and breath taking. They really put a lot of attention and detail into this. It is the Bellagio after all. A must see if you visit Las Vegas and it's free.They change it very often so you can go over and over.
5	This place is always changing and always takes my breathe away...it's always a nice escape from the hustle of bustle and really gives u time to appreciate everything...a must see when u come to vegas
4	Like many others before me have stated, this place is beautifully done. Last year, I saw the oversized garden motif. This time, it was the Americana/old amusement park theme. It's beautiful no matter what. It's also kinda fun to peek inside in the morning, when it's closed so that the employees can freshen up the flowers.This is more of a plea to those who visit, based on what I observed last time. Don't stick your hand in the shooting water streams, and DO NOT PLUCK THE FLOWERS!! I wanted to slap the people I saw doing that.
5	If you ever in Vegas and relax,this place must be on the list
4	This is one of the best things to do in Vegas... and unlike everything else in Vegas, this is free.  Between the fountains, the glass flower art on the ceiling in the lobby, and the gardens- well you've got yourself a good half-hour to an hour of entertainment in Vegas without spending a dime.I would love it more if it wasn't so jam packed with tourists that push and shove, but I guess that's to be expected when you are on The Strip.If you've moved to Vegas from somewhere else in the country and want to remember what plants smell like, then this is the place to be!
5	This is a great place to go to kill some time and its FREE!!  You can't beat that.  Great picture location with the shooting fountains, bird displays and all the beautiful flowers.  My boyfriend and I loved watching the birds.  They are beautiful in color and we liked watching them fight over the water bowls (they kept dunking themselves into the water bowls - probably because it was hot out!)  I wish it was a bit bigger, but I truely enjoyed.  Also, it can get crowded with families bringing their kids - very kid friendly location.
4	this place is so beautiful and kinda romantic! it smells so good i didnt want to leave lol. its free so definitely check it out! it gets pretty packed though so beware of that. enjoy :)
2	I don't really know what all the fuss is about for this place... It's an indoor garden... YIPPEE!They had an extremely over-sized liberty bell with an eagle on top (looked like someone stole it off a Macy's Parade float). Live birds in cages (about 8 in total) fountains (two were positioned incorrectly and it screwed up the timing effect) and a big gaudy, non-functional ferris wheel...  We came here because my mother likes it... Not my choice... And I do not plan on coming back, even if they change the setting... Go stand outside and watch a real water show!
5	Forget paying your 10 bucks to a local botanical garden and fly all the way to Vegas and enjoy a free sighting at the Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Garden. You know what they say - "The best things in life are free." Indeed it is. Thank you, Luther & Janet. You will be captivated by the thousands of roses that make up a statue and when I say roses, I don't mean the plastic, artificial roses you buy at Walmart. These are fresh garden roses that have been well taken care of and have been treated as V.I.Ps. Among the roses, there are also many different kinds of flowers imported from all over the world (blows your mind, doesn't it?). And they revamp the whole place for holidays as well! God bless The Bellagio.
5	After our wedding in the Chapels of the Bellagio we had some of our wedding pictures taken in the conseratory & bontical gardens, needless to say it made for gorgeous pictures!!!  A definite must see as a guest and location to have photos as a bride and groom!
5	FREE FREE FREE.................TO SEE YA'LL YUPPERS THAT'S RIGHT.Beautiful indoor gardens take a break from the partying and casino scene. They had live birds in cages when I was there they were so cute.  The flowers and plants are fresh very well taken care of. This is a family friendly place to visit in Vegas indeed. So come on take you're kids here and enjoy it.
5	This garden is a must visit for me each time I visit. I've only seen the fall and Chinese New Years garden, but it's always a delight. The fall had a talking tree, and I love the bushes made into horses. The flowers are always pretty to look at, and makes for great pictures. There were also 700-800 lb pumpkins in the garden. They looked fake, but was told they were real!I hope to see the winter themed garden one day, as I hear that is the prettiest.
5	It's fun, it's quaint.
2	Am I the only person who wasn't super impressed with this Bellagio offering? Yeah, the flowers are nice...there are teeny, tiny signs with their scientific names for the wannabe horticulturists.There are some pretty birds, and last August, there was a ferris wheel and a Liberty Bell replica that were, you know, nice.But really, an indoor garden is a MUST-SEE Vegas location? I think not.
5	the fall garden was absolutely gorgeous. the bellagio must spare no expense at creating such a lovely scene. there are enormous pumpkins, huge apples made out of flowers, a talking tree, a giant cornucopia, and a water mill. it is just so damn pretty. it's relaxing (if you block out the crowds) and just so nice. i hear the winter garden is just as remarkable.
4	I like the conservatory. I like it cause it is next to a pastry shop. Is that bad? But really, even though it is small I think it is impressive if you really think about all the work that goes into creating the display. And it is very beautiful. My favorite theme is Chinese New Year. I really liked the pavilion and the koi pond.I brought some friends to see it just recently. They had the fall display up. It was very charming but one of my friends was very disturbed by the talking tree *giggles*
5	This is a must see while at the Bellagio. Scenes change seasonally.
5	This is one of my MUST SEE places every time I'm in Las Vegas.  Each season, the gardens are revamped and each time, it looks totally different.I love all the details that are put into designing the gardens.  Love all the dancing water that jumps over our heads.  :)  They always have fresh flowers and plants.I love it!  Can't wait for Winter, that is the best season for the garden decorations!
5	These Gardens are truly a work of art. I think that because it's showy Vegas and this is surrounded by mounds of glitz and glamor, it's easy to forget how spectacular it is, but all you need to do is visit in the early morning hours when it's calm and quiet and you'll really see what I'm talking about. I was here recently during the fall garden display and it was like I had walked into a little land filled with hidden elves in every nook and cranny. It seriously looked like a page out of a storybook and Keebler elf village brought to life. In one area, there lived a huge tree with a human-like face and extremely life-like eyes. I swear he was looking at me! About every two minutes he would speak and say something. Although I never caught exactly what he was saying, I was in awe by how spectacular this display was. The centerpiece was a huge home with a huge water wheel/well that really worked. There were two very large deer made from twigs, a scarecrow and much, much more. Although this was just a seasonal display they didn't cut any corners when creating it. Before I left, I was lucky enough to see the transformation from fall to Christmas begin! Like elf magic, suddenly a group of workers appeared and began taking down the fall garden. I asked one of them how long it takes to take one down and create a new display and he said that they will work 24 hours around the clock for a full 7 days to remove the fall garden and create the Christmas garden. See what I mean about a work of art? As everyone else has said, if you are in Vegas it is a must that you see the Garden. However, it will be beyond crowded in the middle of the day and it really takes away from the beauty when it's full of tourists taking pictures. Therefore my advice to you is to wake up early (or stay up all night) and when everyone else is sleeping, stop by and take a peek.
5	It's been a while since we've been here, so last night we decided to check it out; as I said in another review that I just posted, we usually don't play the tourist game (go on the Strip) during the week, but it's the Holidays. I wanted to see it since it's Christmas time. It was gorgeous! And it was fun to see all the spots where we took pictures after our wedding (Thanks Alicia!!!), which was five years ago. I mentioned our 1st date story in my initial review, but wanted to mention that the majority of the pictures after our wedding/reception, were taken here. One scene had delightful penguins wearing red scarves (this was my husband's favorite scene). Another scene had a backdrop of storybook house (think fairy tales) entirely made of flowers!!! Imagine a Thomas Kincade house that was painted, except this was made of flowers- it was BEAUTIFUL (my 2nd favorite scene). This was a popular picture spot. Another scene had a huge ornament adorned Christmas tree (this is the spot where a few of us went to take pictures after our wedding). This was also another popular picture spot. Another scene had three polar bears, all composed of flowers!!! This was my favorite, by far. The bridge/arch (not wheelchair-accessible) with the water feature is amazing- how the water doesn't spray you as you are walking through it, is a trip. The two ends of the bridge/arch were popular picture spots as well. I love, love, love the smell of all the flowers. Surprisingly, it didn't bother my allergies. This is a FREE event all year-round (kinda makes me want to visit every month). It's crowded. Don't be alarmed if you're bumped, or if someone stops short, in front of you to take pictures. Sometimes, there are lines to take pictures, too, so just a few warnings. If you are agoraphobic, this is not the place for you.
4	beautiful beautiful beauuuuuutiful!! make sure you have your digital camera/ phone camera battery charged up and ready for use before you walk into such a beautiful place!  For Christmas this year, they have 3 huge polar bears made of 34,000 white carnations, and 26 cute penguins of which 13 can move, skate & spin!  just beautiful and Wow!
5	It was my first time here back in October (the weekend of Halloween), but they had already decorated it to fit a Thanksgiving theme. Omgahd, it was gorgeous! I loved the pony-shaped bush and the beautifully filled cornucopia - and that tree with the face! How lovely. I'd love to come around here during a different time of year - just to see what other kinds of decor they have.It's a lovely place to stop by and take pictures, if you're ever in Vegas.
5	I'm always amazed at the amount of detail and perfection that goes into creating floral arrangements here at the Bellagio Conservatory.  I was here in the summer and enjoyed their Labor Day motif and patriotic flair.  Returning during the Holiday Season, this place wad decked out in a Winter Wonderland of thousands of varying poinsettias; polar bears textured with real carnations; gazebos adorned with intricately placed flowers and spurts of water computer calculated to arch above you in precision.  The Bellagio hotel is already a wonder to behold.  Add this into the mix and I am just dazzled beyond comprehension.  A must see and experience in Vegas.  Thank you to all the hardworking staff that make this all possible.  Their passion is unparallelled.
5	OMG! This garden was lovely! There were so many lights and cute polar bears and penguins. The Christmas tree was nicely decorated and I appreciate all the hardwork the workers put into building this garden. The place was huge and overcrowded with people! Everywhere I went I couldn't stop taking pictures! I wished I could have stayed there a lot longer than I did, but it was a nice experience and I hope to come here again.
5	Intricate and ornate.  A lot of time spent on details to make sure everything comes together as fine, living artwork of flowers and plants.  It's nice they change it up every so often to fit a theme or season.  This attraction draws a lot of people so have a lot of patience!!
5	So, full disclosure: I hate the Strip.  I'm not your average Las Vegas tourist, because, well, my extended family is from here, so ya know, I'm over it.That said, there are certain things within the Strip's confines that I love, and the Bellagio's Conservatory is definitely in the top ten of things I love that are also free (so rare in Vegas!). I always take my Vegas virigins here when I accompany them on a Strip sojourn.The designers that they bring in every season are always so inspired.  One summer there were leaping water fountain arches you could walk under.  Also, the winter display always tends to be spectacular with christmas garb.Most of all, I love that this display completely changes, which is very much in the spirit of Vegas, a city that never seems to stop radically changing all the time.  Also, since Vegas is not much for high art or charity, this is one of those exceptions where the auspices of the wealthy hotelier trickle down to the plebeians for greater public enjoyment.
5	SO very pretty and creative.
5	I absolutely echo Marissa C. in terms of my feelings about Las Vegas Boulevard. I absolutely hate the strip, and avoid it unless I have to (usually to check out a restaurant or to go shopping). That being said, the Bellagio's conservatory is one of the few things that truly shine as being enjoyable for all ages, breathtaking - and it's FREE! I always bring my Vegas visitors here because it doesn't take long to view, and it shows a different side of Vegas. The floral arrangements never cease to impress, and there is always such a level of detail that goes into each one. It seems to always have something to please the kids, while also has something that gives adults a reason to visit as well. Most recently I went with friends Izzy and Val (with her 3 year old son Xander) to see the Holiday 2011 view. Everything is stunning, and there were floral polar bears and penguins, as well as a train that had a little camera in it. Xander, who is in love with trains, was dying of excitement when he saw the trains. I recommend going in the daytime (morning) if possible..it crowds up VERY quickly.
5	Every once in a while it is fun to be a tourist and walk about with my camera slung around my neck.The colorful scenes provide for gorgeous pictures. Bellagio is one of those casino that just out does itself every season. My favorite displays are always the ones for Lunar New Year. Year round, it is a great place to take guest. The best part is getting a scoop of gelato or a crepe from Jean Philippe after.
5	So much fun to look around - so beautiful.I want to go at Christmas one year - so far I have been in the spring and summer.Great for wedding photos - for the complete Vegas wedding experience.And it's all FREE!
4	All the Christmas decorations were still up. We walked up to a sea of pointsettas, a huge polar bear made of flowers, huge bells hanging, a little train running through the whole room and a tunnel made of streams of water (which was funny when there was a break in the fluid water, some people got splashed). There was an igloo with penguins. It was really beautiful and crowded.
4	Many a times a visit to this ever well-designed conservatory is my favorite place to linger in this city of sights without the gaudy, raunchy side of Vegas. Besides the famed Bellagio Dancing Fountains in the front of the resort, this is where the season's display of plants, flora, holiday decorations are a sight to behold inside the resort which is located past the main lobby. At times, there are water effects and light effects to enhance the designs. Photo opportunity abounds with a pose here, a pose there or even just taking the sight into focus for the camera lens makes for passing the moment. It will make you feel like a great spectator.
5	This is a must see if you are in the area. I try to go every season when they change the display. Pedestrians often block the entrance to the hotel. Don't be afraid to honk.Security may stop you and ask you to open trunk...just comply. Have fun.
5	This place is always a treat and a unique experience no matter what season. It's just a short walk from either the parking garage or the front entrance, and there's no "admission" of any sort. The design changes several times a year, so it has a lot of staying power for locals or frequent visitors. Old and young, friends and family alike will enjoy the flowers, the imposing human or animal figures, and sometimes the real animals (butterflies in the greenhouse-like structure last year come to mind). The current theme is the Chinese New Year - to be specific, the Year of the Dragon. I saw it on Monday, and it's the first time I've witness a pool of fish at Bellagio, as well as the first time in three Chinese New Year visits that the Bellagio has brought someone to do live Chinese music. He's there 5-6pm, and he plays a variety of instruments, including a leaf. Yes, a leaf. You can either YouTube that or else just show up.Gotta check this out if you visit Vegas... oh, by the way: please, please do not let kids (or other people) touch the streams of water, and you'd better darn well watch out if you walk near or under one.
4	You have to go both during daytime and nighttime.  The smells and sights will rock your senses as the plants and flowers are absoultely beautiful.  Currently they are themed for Chinese New Year and the entire ambiance is excellent.  It is a nice little gem hidden in the beautiful Bellagio.
4	The Botanical Gardens are a pretty cool place to check out if you're in the Bellagio. If you want a break form the hectic tables and stuffy smoke infused air, come to the Gardens. They change the theme from time to time. Currently it's an Asian-Chinese New Year inspired theme. It's the perfect place to come and just people watch or hang out or take a break from gambling.
5	Everytime I visit Vegas I am sure to stop and smell the flowers in the Bellagio garden.  This place is like no other!
5	Loved the decorations for the Lunar New Year! It was so beautiful. Great picture spot. Definitely many things that will make you just stand there and observe. I wonder what they do during the other times of the year. Guess I will have to go back to see!
5	A great place to go and remind yourself that Vegas does actually have foliage... Even if it's all captive inside a casino. I absolutely love the Chinese New Year displays and I'm always amazed at how the garden is transformed every time it changes. Great place to stop and smell the roses... Or whatever flower might be there at the time. While it may not exactly be a rarity in other parts of the country; it's nice to be able to find some nature in Vegas.
5	come on, its another free attraction at the bellagio, and its beautiful. come any time of the year as i know they change it based on holiday and seasons! the minute you walk in, you can smell the flowers, you can see the hoards of people. i was lucky when i went it wasn't too crazy and theyre amazing for photo ops! my parents was in awe as well and its quite hard to please parents sometimes. SMELL THE FLOWERS in the air!! quite romantic if you asked me too. very cute but people, if you bring your kids, please dont let them run wild!
3	this is always the must make a stop at while I'm in Vegas. why? because its FREE! it's always breathtaking and just amazes me how they put everything together. if you're from so. cal then its kind of like the rose parade. that would be my best explanation.i finally went to Vegas after like 3-4 years and made a stop here. they had the lunar new year [I'm not saying Chinese new year because not only Chinese people celebrates this day; so to be politically correct its LUNAR NEW YEAR] display and well it was the first time i felt truly disappointed. I'll be honest the displays of the Asian kids just looked so weird and awkward. I'm allowed to say this because I'm Asian! i didn't feel like it truly depicted our accents and uniqueness about us. it looks more like: stereotyped. that's why I'm giving it 3 stars.on another note, the dragons were cool. i was in and out of here in like 10 minutes when usually its about 20 minutes and then some. it wasn't as breathtaking this time around. i see people posing with the statures and half of me couldn't decide if they were mocking the statures or just simply enjoying themselves. i would say that if you're looking at this exhibit for lunar new year at night looks better than during the day. because of all the extra lighting that is involved at night. everything is made out of flowers so that's definitely something amazing about it. overall, this particular exhibit theme was just eh for me. i hope next year if they decide to do another lunar new year they'll make some changes.
5	This is an absolute must-see for tourists, because it is free and features plenty of beautiful flowers and plants!
5	Gorgeous, entertaining... and free. Holllerrrrrrrr.The Bellagio always updates the area for the different seasons, and from what I have observed, each time is always different. Every time I've visited, it's been unreal. Giant trees with twisted limbs like out of a Dr. Suess book... orbs of moving water.... bees made out of flowers... massive swans? Not to mention the aroma of fresh flowers that gives your poor nostrils a break from all the cigarette smoke of the casinos. It's beautiful during the day, but if you can stay sober enough to get there in the evening, wait till then... it's absolutely breathtaking.In my opinion, the Conservatory is a must-see for anyone in Vegas.
3	I'm sorry, but I'm over it.  I used to love coming here.  But I think after 12 years, I've seen every trick in the book and it just becomes an opportunity to photo bomb the tourists.It is so crowded and everyone is taking pictures, it takes about 30 minutes to walk the small area.  God save you if you have reservations at one of the restaurants in the back.I remember back in the day I was in awe of the fountains.  They set up this one where you could walk through and these perfect, continuous tubes of water shot up over your head in an arc.  But you didn't get wet unless... I didn't think it was really water but a plastic tube.  I argued with my husband then reached up to touch the arc to prove him wrong.  Doused everyone within a 10 foot radius.  Good times.Maybe because of the hard water here, I can totally tell those arcs are water now.  They spatter and sput every which way.  And they don't allow you to walk through them anymore.  :(It's still nice enough, if you are in the mood for crowds, and if you haven't been, you should go.  But, for me, the thrill is gone.  It's just A-OK.
5	Always a different theme in this place that will leave you marveled. Bellagio is a must in your walks if you adore art novou decor and details in architecture. I went while they had the spring exhibition and it was mixed with a Dutch dose, so there were many tulips around.
4	This is my go to destination at least once every time I visit LV. I'm not sure how many times I have been here, but I am still amazed by the different ways they can transform the small area into this grand floral display. I just enjoy taking pictures here as a reminder of the time I spent here. The setting changes at least 4 times a year if not more.I can get very crowded, but you just have to have some patience if you really want to take your time to soak it all in. The best is that it is free and you can visit the Bellagio fountains at the same time.
5	Impressive!! Beautiful, fragrant, whimsical....a real treat in an otherwise tacky city
5	I rate The Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and specially The Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. This is a must visit stop on every trip to Las Vegas! Every few weeks the Gardens are completely renewed with seasonally themed arrangements. Bring your camera for this one! You won't believe what you are seeing!
5	I like going the Bellagio Conservatory when they are doing the changes for a new season. Its just amazing watching them create.
5	Bellagio does it again, FREE and awesome thing to see in Vegas. It is gorgeous. Follow the signs in the hotel to "The Conservatory"
5	This is probably my favorite Las Vegas attraction. I know everyone swoons over the fountains outside but those can get old after a while. Especially in the middle of summer, it is nice to have something that you can enjoy in the air conditioned comfort of the indoors but still get plenty of sunshine and the feeling of strolling thru an outdoor garden. The flowers and plants in the Bellagio Conservatory are arranged in meticulously constructed works of living art that will amaze and delight you. They usually try to incorporate some moving pieces and a water feature so the scene will captivate everyone's attention, even small children. The best part is that the whole thing is completely redone every couple of months with a different theme. Even though they obviously reuse some of the same props from year to year, especially for specific holidays, I have walked thru the Bellagio Gardens dozens of times over the years and never seen the exact same display more than once.  It is not a large area but I suggest planning to spend about an hour to enjoy it all since there is just so much to see. I highly recommend having a meal in the adjacent cafe - try to get a window seat so you can just sit and enjoy without having to navigate thru all the groups of tourists taking pictures.
5	This was such a gorgeous area, I literally forgot I was in the desert in 108 degree weather!  Bees, ladybugs, lighthouse, frogs, carousel, bridge, it's all beautiful and covered in colorful fragrant flowers.  Plus it's free!
3	I rarely visit the Strip but when I do, I am ok with going here.  It's free, so kudos to that, and it's always in stellar condition.  Bellagio will always keep the Conservatory up for peak viewing.  And it makes perfect sense because you always see people taking photos of it.  A little bit busy for me, as I prefer a quieter venue, but still a great place for a visit.
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, I try to come here to admire the gardens.  They always come up with innovative and creative ways to transport you to another realm apart from the neon and glitter of The Strip.
4	The Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens were the only things going for the Bellagio in my opinion, besides the watershow of course.  We got here late at night, figuring that it would be relatively quiet despite being open 24 hours.  But to our amazement, it was jam packed with tourists.The Conservatory is a definite change of pace from the ramble and gamble of slot machines, and high limit poker.  If you need to take a breather and relax among a forest of flowers, the Conservatory is the place to go too.  More colors then I can count, miniature round waterfall fountains, Bees and flowers hanging from the ceiling, and The Garden Frog which watches over the garden designed out of moss,  there is a ton of "Life" to experience here in the Conservatory.Cheers
5	An oasis in Vegas.  It's always crowded!  Words can't describe my feeling, so I won't try.  I'll write more about this when I have more words for this.  Sorry.
5	This is free also. A lot of people probably walk by or through without paying it much attention. I've done it before but that would be wrong.Imagine how much work goes into creating and maintaining this space.Another nice thing at the Bellagio.Stop by the buffet! Yum!
4	Stopped by the conservatory at the Bellagio today and the summer garden is super cool.  Loved the bees and umbrellas hanging from the ceilings and the flowers were very beautiful.  They change this out for each season, so not sure how long this one will be up, but if you're in Vegas, you should try to stop by to see what the current theme and design is.  It's super close to the parking garage elevators and even if you're not staying around the Bellagio for anything else, it's an easy in and out and it really is something to see.  I haven't been at night, but during the day it's quite pretty and they have a really great selection of flowers and plants.WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?This is tricky because it is very beautiful and the fact that they change it fairly regularly is awesome, but this was my first visit so I've only seen the one design.  I've seen gardens all over the world and while I loved this it was small and it didn't blow me away.  Maybe I need to see it a few more times to call it as good as it gets.  I'll let you know the next time I visit.
5	This is a great place to take your children.  We go frequently with our children to enjoy the flowers, then go around the corner to get ice-cream or crepes.
5	To witness a conservatory within a casino dedicated to nature and art has always been a source of fascination for me, even more so, the fact that they switch up the themes and designs by season. Always keep this at the back of your head folks: all the flowers on display are real, yes even the ones that form the bees on the ceiling or the polar bears just 5 feet away from you. For someone who's devoted her fall to a simple routine of school, volunteer work, recycling and yelping (when I have extra time), a break in the usual sights to a scenery with luscious plant life and vibrant colors is a priceless gift to the senses and the soul. I could stay here the whole day and spend the rest of the night watching the fountains right outside.
5	Stunning! Really brilliant. A great little huge place to enjoy, bonus, it is FREE
5	A must see every time I'm in Las Vegas..The time and care that goes into the design and execution of the various displays is impressive..Not sure if there is ''best time'' to see this exhibit..usually crowded with excited people recording their own memories;  worth spending an hour or so to see everything in detail..
5	The Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens located just off the lobby in tThe Bellagio Hotel Casino on The Las Vegas Strip, is one of the great free attractions in Las Vegas. The exhibit changes four times a year with the seasons, and it never disappoints. It is the perfect place to take a break from your walk of the Las Vegas Strip, and enjoy the air conditioning as well as the wonderful and evocative display of flowers. This is a must do every time you are in Las Vegas. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Always a treat, no matter when you visit. The scene changes more often than seasonally because I've visited Vegas three times in September now and each time it's been different. This last time was an autumn theme (duh). Best part is that it's free and is a nice respite from the crowded lobby and people staring at Chihuly glass.
5	When Steve Wynn thought about building the Atrium at the Mirage and wanted to do something bigger and better, the botanical gardens at the Bellagio was a smart idea since no other casino offers this besides the Wynn and Encore before ty were built.The beauty and ambiance of the conservatory is just breath taking and the smell of the flowers is just a breath of fresh air when walking from the casino.Every year they set up a new display for the season or special holidays like:*Independence Day*Spring*Summer*Fall*Winter*Memorial Day*ChristmasEvery new display has different sets of flowers and attractions and sometimes live birds. Whenever I see the ferris wheel in display, I always thought it was a  ride but it wasn't.  =\Around the Conservatory is the Bellagio Cafe Northwest of the display, the Conservatory store which just north right by the restaurant and to the left is the entrance going to the coffee shop, the Spa Tower and straight towards Aria and Vdara.This place is always crowded during the day time mostly by tourists taking lots if pictures. During the late evening the crowd lessens and there is more free space for Bellagio guests to roam around and smell the flowers and relax by the water fountain while eating a cup of gelato.
5	One of the most wonderful things to see in Vegas.
5	need some floral flava during the day? it's a must-go if you're visiting the strip and you have some time to spare (you'll be finished in 5, fastest)! it's like a real life Alice in the Wonderland with thousands of flowers. beautiful abstract and creative landscaping.
5	Another must see! It's free, just gorgeous, so unique, & my whole family ages 6 to 70 enjoyed it!Thanks again Bellagio for the free display!
5	This is our one and only "must do" on each and every trip to Las Vegas.  We have visited multiple times at each seasonal display with the sole exception of the Chinese New Year.  The displays change from year to year and are always a joy.
5	This is like the best place to take pictures, and to take guest.  The decorations in the place is always changing with the seasons or the holiday. I love this place, and it's sad, us locals only go to places like this when we have guest....But it's fun to act like a tourist sometimes.  Botanical Gardens is a must see if you come to Las Vegas!
5	Beautiful! Like in a dream! Very relaxing. I really enjoyed the tree with the illusion of the rain falling on it. :)
5	This place never ceases to amaze me! The attention to details is amazing. You cant leave here and not feel better about the world!! I never miss a new display and am so looking forward to the Christmas display this week. Locals and tourists alike should put this on their to do list again and again!!!!
4	Here's the quick and dirty version:Pros:+ Great photo opportunities wherever you go+ The garden is meticulously manicured+ If you ever wanted to see a Disney movie come to life with all the colors, stop in here+ Little kids will no doubt love it+ It doesn't cost you a thing to enter the gardenCons:- Every grandma from Nebraska and 15 tourists from Japan are all trying to take pictures in the exact spot you're posing inIn short, be prepared to take pictures quickly, frequently and sort them out later once you get back to your laptop. This is one busy garden.
5	I love it here.  One of my favorite places to go & see what they have put up.  I just love how everything is made up of sorts of flowers & plants.  The displays are so breathtaking & eye-catching.  A perfect place to take pictures though it is always packed with tourists but usually late at nights its quiet. :)
4	This is a really nice area for taking pictures (a must see place if you haven't been here yet). They change the decorations according to the season and it seems like they go all out (it is Bellagio afterall). There is usually a large crowd of people here so you need to be patient and work your way through to get a decent picture. The Cafe and Michael Mina's restaurant are also located in this area.Decorations I have seen (I'll start with the most recent since I do not remember the past ones).-Winter (2012): Polar bears, a giant Christmas tree (see the picture I took), nutcracker soldiers, mini village with a moving train, white trees, and much more!---Recommendation: Check this place out during each of the different seasons! It's nice to see what kind of decorations they will put up. Be sure to bring a nice camera if you can, it will be worth it!---
5	AMAZING SCENERY. By visiting you can tell how much time and effort they take into capturing the essence of every season as the year progresses. The decorations change every year so as a visitor you will never be tired or disappointed! 5 STARS hands down.
5	Absolutely beautiful is how I would describe this spot inside Bellagio.  My wife and I love coming here every time we visit Las Vegas.  They change the theme of their botanical gardens every few months, I believe, so we always are treated to something new each visit.This is a fabulous picture spot, and a must see destination when in Vegas.  We always take family and friends here.  Another benefit is that this attraction is free!  Check it out.  You will not be disappointed.
4	***Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens is a great spot for a photo (though there are a lot of people doing the same thing or walking by so it can be difficult); it is still a nice spot to take a look and it is free (it also changes with the season, which makes it worth repeat visits); the current theme is winter and Christmas with trains, many colors of poinsettias, a Christmas tree, and a polar bear made up of many white flowers***Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free valet and self parking.
5	This place is amazing.  They change the whole garden every season and for some holidays.  It is always one of my first stops when I visit the strip.  If there is a drawback, it is the place is no longer much of a secret and it is packed.
4	Take a chill pill in the exciting land of Las Vegas and come to the Bellagio Botanical Gardens.  I actually thought it would be bigger, but at least what I saw was worth it.  I visited during January 2013, so the theme of the garden was Chinese New Year.  I don't know when they change themes, but I'm supposing it's a few times a year.  The displays were well done and nice to see and take pictures of.  Since I came during the day, it was really crowded, so it was difficult to get pictures without a bystander in the way trying to get their own picture. At 6pm, they are supposed to have a live music performance.  They were going to play Chinese Traditional music to match with the theme.  I was not able to watch though.At 10:30am-11:30am, there will be an employee standing at the side of the garden.  She is called Ms. Green Thumb and if you have any questions about the garden, she is the one to ask. If you come by the Bellagio, either for gambling or touring.   You might just want to take a quick stroll through.
5	I love this place! A must see in vegas!! everything is made out of flowers and the life size bears I saw were so pretty and fresh looking. The bears were made out of carnations. I also liked the life size picture frame with a picture made entirely out of flowers. Best hotel in vegas with the pretty glass ceiling and amazing conservatory both of which are free, one of kind and spectacular!
5	It's a small area, but big, beautiful sights to be seen. It changes so there is high replay value and between this and the Fountains you can spend a few hours doing something FREE and satisfying. For those into photography, this makes for great practice area. For those who just love taking family photos, this is a great photo op. I will say though that during the day it can get rather crowded so sometimes it'll be a wait before you can get your turn and have a clear shot, but most people are considerate enough to hold walking through if they see you are trying to capture a photo. You get a lot of nice natural sunlight through the glass ceiling, but if you don't mind night shots, it sometimes is very quiet depending on the setup. To me, the Chinese Year Year ones always look great at night whereas the spring one is best daytime. If you want to see all of the seasonal gardens, this is the schedule: 2013 Exhibit CalendarChinese New Year | Jan 12 - Mar 3Spring Celebration | Mar 9 - May 11Summer Garden Party | May 19 - Sep 8Autumn Harvest | Sep 14 - Nov 30Winter Holiday | Dec 6 - Jan 5, 2014Between 5-6pm there are live musical performances from the Victorian Gazebo as well. If you're a flora nerd, apparently they do a Q&A with  Mr. & Ms. Green Thumb between 10:30am-11:30am. I would be interested to ask questions, but that is hella early for me! I'm always excited to see what they come up with. Sometimes animals and people are involved in the exhibit. My favorite was a rustic country springtime one with a a greenhouse full of butterflies.  If you notice the gaps in the dates. I came once while they were transitioning and it was partially closed off/unfinished areas.Tourist and locals come here and spend a day in Vegas finery without blowing a lot of cash! I come for the fountain show, the gardens and get a treat at Jean Philippe and realize half the day as gone by.(Yelp 100 Challenge 37/100)
5	We always buy coffee at Payard's at CP on our first morning and walk on over to the conservatory via the Flamingo overpass.  Its always an extremely pleasant experience.  A good part of the Strip.
3	This is a great place to take photos. They have wonderful displays for chinese new year, spring, thanksgiving, and christmas. It's always really colorful and uses tons of fresh flowers so it also smells great. Of course it's always crowded during the day so getting the perfect photo can be difficult. If you have time it's really nice in the middle of the night when it's completely empty. There's no one to bump you and you can take as many photos as you want!
5	Floral artistry at its finest- breathtaking!
5	I love the effort that goes into the gardens here.  It is always changing and a sight to see.  What is special in January is Chinese New Year and the gardens theme.  Amazing colors, props, and people just gather in awe.  When your in the area check out the Botanical Gardens at Bellagio.  This is a great place to take some pictures.
5	I am not the biggest fan of Vegas. However, I've been coming here once a month to visit my boyfriend's parents ever since we started dating. We visited for the autumn harvest display and the wintry Christmas scene with skating penguins and the Coca-Cola-esque polar bears, all fashionably accessorized with colorful scarves!Yesterday, we came with his parents to see the Lunar New Year display. I loved the assortment of chrysanthemums, the reds and the yellows, the money tree, the Pavilion with the lotuses, the junk (boat), the Chinese gate (on the opposite side of the junk), the children, and of course, the snake.  Once you enter Bellagio's lobby, you can also see a huge horse below the iconic Bellagio ceiling. For those who aren't familiar with the zodiac, the year of the horse (2014) will follow the year of the snake. It was perfect weather despite being February and we were steps away from the Bellagio Fountains and the view of the Eiffel Tower. This is one of my favorite attractions in Vegas and I especially love the attention to detail and how everything is made of flowers (kind of like the Rose Parade), even the posed Chinese children. Can't wait to see the tulips in the spring display when I return in March.
5	OMG!  this is a must see any time you are in Vegas! They change the gardens seasonally.  They are amazingly creative. It's a wonderful place for a family photo.  make sure you check out the fabulous ceiling of the lobby too.
5	The Conservatory's landscape changes with the seasons dotted in different colors, flowers and plants with themed displays during Christmas time and Chinese New Year.  This review is focused on 2013's Chinese New Year display. Exit the Dragon and Enter Year of the Snake! These landscape artists are masters at what they do. The little details of the koi ponds and water features to placement of flowers, plants and trees are visually stunning from every angle. You can always count on some nice photo ops throughout the year here although the Chinese New Year displays have always been my favorite.  The viewing is much prettier during the early evening hours when you can see the lighting highlight some of the displays.There are some elements of feng shui incorporated.  The the vibrant colors of red and yellow..the lucky money tree with gold coins, the two pots in front of the tree that burns incense is supposed to ward off bad fortune. Water features bring positive energy or "chi"   Check out the huge fishing boat it's made of teak wood. Lots of detailing and little things people miss about it when taking photos. This attraction is free and is open to the public 24/7. The Chinese New Year display will be there till March 3rd. Gung Hay Fat Choy!
5	Plain and simple: you have to stop here! Stunning plant life and decorations (we visited for Chinese New Year). It can get crowded at times (especially during the afternoon and evenings) so plan accordingly!
5	Chinese New Year!I've been many a time, with many a soul, and I can't remember when I wasn't entertained.  There are always thousands of fresh flowers, water elements, and unique colors and fixtures to gaze at.The place is usually flooded with tourists, so don't expect a lot of space.  But its vegas, so take a few family photos for people, smile, and enjoy it.Beautiful, unique, and free.  Need I really say more?
5	I always make a stop here to see what theme they have going on and always sooo beautiful!
5	Always beautiful!
5	I visit the conservatory each time someone comes to town, and sometimes just for the heck of it, because it's such an awe-inspiring and beautiful experience.  Flowers and plants make up nearly entire exhibits throughout the seasons, and during all the holidays.  The exhibits change throughout the year and each time a new one is introduced, I can't wait to go see it.It's amazing how much can be done with flowers, and how beautifully the colors and various plants come together to form such intricate displays.  I'm also always amazed by how fresh and alive the plants are and can't even comprehend what goes into keeping such displays so lively and vibrant!  With the tranquil sounds of water features in each exhibit,  and the beautiful sights and scents of the flowers, this place could be so relaxing if it weren't for how tightly packed with people it always is.  It's difficult to walk a step without accidentally becoming an unwanted part of someone else's photograph.  And it's difficult to walk 3 steps without being asked to take one, lol.  Maybe I'm just one of those people who gives off that, "ask me to take a picture" vibe.  Anyway, I'm so happy this place is free to the public.  Walking through it just makes me smile, even if it's the same exhibit as my previous visit.  A definite must-see when you're anywhere near the Bellagio.
5	FREE, breathtaking Conservatory in the Bellagio.It reminds me of the Annual Philadelphia Flower Show (if you haven't been you should go).  Beautifully groomed landscapes, flowers, greenery, and the combination of colors and textures does not disappoint.  One of the best FREE things offered in Vegas IMO.  If you're new to Vegas this is a must see and will be one of your favorite stops on the strip.  Don't leave after seeing the Conservatory, enjoy the Bellagio while you're there and you won't be disappointed, very nice shopping and food excursions hidden in the maze we call the Casino's.On this visit they were doing a Chinese New Year theme that was very unique and I can't wait to return to see the next theme they decide to erect inside.This will be a must see for me every single visit just to see the inspiration behind the designs.
5	I love the Bellagio Conservatory. If you're visiting Vegas this is a great place to go because 1.) it's beautiful and 2.) its free (unlike most  things here!) :) My favorite time to go is around Christmas because they have a huge beautiful Christmas tree in the very back of the exhibit. Great picture opportunity-just plan accordingly because it can get crowded. Great attraction for families and adults alike!
5	This is a quick break from the regular Las Vegas hubbub on the strip. Bellagio takes the time to craft wonderful, seasonal exhibits for all hotel visitors and I'm impressed each time. From a winter wonderland with moving penguins and artfully crafted Christmas trees with so many different flowers / colors - it's a perfect photo moment. Definitely recommend checking this out each time you're in Vegas!
5	Another excellent place to take a date if your on a budget, or a group of friends that love pretty flowers. Located inside the Bellagio conservatory, the gardens can be missed pretty easily if your not looking for it.It is totally free, and a great place for families to see some beautiful flowers 365 days of the year. It's always a stop for me when I am playing tour guide for my green-thumb friends. It can really get crowded at times, so I prefer to go at night, when there are less crowds and lots of ambient lighting. It's nice and cool too compared to the middle of the summer days. You can  catch Mr. & Ms. Green Thumb available daily in the Conservatory between the hours of 10:30 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. providing tips and answering your questions about the gardens.Visitors can enjoy live musical performances daily from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m., from the Victorian Gazebo in the South Garden.I don't know if I do too much talking when I'm there, mostly taking in the plants and flowers since Vegas desert can be pretty barren to look at when you live here. I'd really like to catch one of the musical acts sometimes though!Cheers! ~MikeB
4	Come, walk around and see all the beautiful flower, forget that you are in yards from madness that is the Las Vegas Strip.This has to be one of the best attractions on the Strip and one I make sure to hit when I'm in town. In addition to being free, open 24-7 and quite beautiful they update  the presentation every few months to keep it fresh and interesting.I wasn't overly impressed by the display they had for Chinese New Year but it was still worth seeing.
5	It is always so beautiful here. This time we were here in March 2013. They had just changed from the Chinese New Year theme to beautiful butterfly theme. This is a MUST DO in Las Vegas.
4	It's always pretty, always changing, always open and it's free!  Photo op!!!  Whether you're a local or a tourist, it doesn't matter - we all go here.  For that reason, it can get pretty crowded.Lots of plants and flowers that make up a figure like ladybugs in the spring, cornucopia in the fall, animals for Chinese New Year, etc.  They have mechanical parts to them so some figures actually move.  They add a water element too like a fountain, waterfall, pond, etc.Take your kids, mom, girlfriend/wife, daughter, friend here.  They'd love it.  Well, maybe except if they're allergic to certain plants/ flowers.
4	Located inside the Bellagion Hotel & Casino, the conservatory is one of those must see things for the tourist who wants to sightsee. Their displays never get old since they change them with the seasons. It is quite a sight to behold with all the work that must go into creating and keeping it fresh. Another big plus in my book is that the conservatory is open 24hrs. Never having to worry about making it in time before it closes. Being able to take your friends in the middle of the night. You know...who have been out all night drinking, partying and/or gambling. Oh, and it's free too! Don't forget you can also take a short walk outside to see the Fountains show while you're there too.
5	This is a beautiful place to see the seasonal themes change.  It's a living breathing art exhibit.  I absolutely love walking around the conservatory and seeing all the incredible colors used in nature for humanities viewing pleasure. I try to go at least four times a year. After you see the gardens walk outside and watch the fountains for an even better experience.
5	I think this is my favourite hotel. I really liked the gardens - real flowers in really creative displays. I liked the area that resembled Amsterdam with the windmill and tulips. Definitely take note of the "chandelier" called Fiori di Como by glass sculptor Dale Chihuly located just north of the gardens in the hotel lobby. And just to the south of the gardens take a look in the shop with Chihuly's work in it called Via Fiori. Items are for sale $6-30,000.00. Don't forget the fountains.
4	Beautiful oasis reminiscent of an English garden. We saw the spring motif, giant bugs & butterflies as well as raindrops & wooden dutch shoes. Lots of detail, with the theme following thru to the courtyard behind the recpetion desk.  It apparent that a lot of attention is lavished on this place. It would be neat to see the seasonal changes
5	I LOVE this place. It's so gorgeous, so relaxing, so fun to look at all of the new things that the gardeners and engineers come up with. I love coming here all the time just to get immersed into a different world than what Las Vegas has to offer.
5	We stayed at the Bellagio and passed the Conservatory/Gardens all week and it is amazing how beautiful the arrangements of flowers were - A true destination in the Bellagio at all hours day and night!  Don't miss the butterflies in the glass house - Amazing!
5	The conservatory at Bellagio is one of my favorite places to visit, and I find myself finding excuses to dine at Bellagio just so I can visit this place.  The theme changes throughout the year to match the current holiday or season, and every visit feel differently.Of all the times I visited the garden, I do not recall a time of this place not feeling inspirational.  The area is always packed with tourist taking pictures, myself included.
4	The best place to get fresh air on the strip, lol! It is neat with all the flowers and props.
5	I love this butterfly atrium. It's a fairyland, I need to figure out how to put this in the back yard this is their spring theme garden, my favorite so far!The chinese new year one is fantastic, Easter is makes you feel like a kid again,The 4th of July is a great display of American pride. Thanksgiving is so warm and inviting, so many creative and magical fairytale landscape artistic gardens. You will always see something new and unusual here at Bellagio.I visit the conservatory 5 times a year! I love seeing what they will come up with next! It's visually stimulating, makes you smile and inspires you!! Just the smell is sweet and takes you to a different world.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 65/100The botanical garden is featuring a wonderous butterfly greenhouse filled with fluttering eye-candy and lavish flower arrangements this spring. It looks like a scene right out of The Secret Garden movie - chairs with wrap-around leaves, hanging leaves, and of course, butterflies. Tourists, this is a must-see. And locals, it's never one to be missed every season. Even with the dense crowds that never seem to go sparse even through the night, you'll get a good bite out of Vegas' more artsy side. Take lots of pictures and learn something new about the types of flowers they fill the garden with. On the left side of the entrance is a stage that says 'live performance at 5-6pm'. I have yet to witness what that is but will try to make time to check it out before Bellagio bumps up the themes again.
5	This was one of the coolest things I saw on my trip to Vegas and it was free! I came during the nighttime and it was so colorful, beautiful, and magical. My sister went during the day  and said it looked different at night so I would try to see it  both during the day and night if possible. It also changes with the seasons so if I'm ever in Vegas again, I'll definitely be returning!
5	Free attraction that changes with the seasons--can't go wrong! I have seen it at several times throughout the year and always find it "worth it" to park at fight the crowds, even on holidays. Places like the Bellagio Conservatory are really what solidify my feeling that Vegas is Disneyland for adults--it's perfectly groomed and themed, elaborate as all get out. Open 24 hours, too...so it's even better than Disneyland!
4	In the middle of the chaos of Vegas, it's nice to have a little floral oasis to wander thru. In my head I thought it was going to be bigger, but it was still quite impressive. I especially liked the whole aviary in the middle.  The birds were cute to watch.  Go early in the morning when it's less crowded (and you can actually take photos without people in them) and it's still peaceful.  Later in the day and into the evening it can turn into a tourist traffic jam with everyone snapping too-dark photos of every inch of the place.
5	They change it seasonally, a great space for a stroll.  I highly recommend it.
4	Such a beautiful place but busy!  We were here on a Saturday night at 11 pm and it was packed!  Great opportunity for photo bombers! ;). I can't wait to go back when they change it up.
5	One of Vegas's best free attractions!  We go once a season to catch the newest display!
4	This is a great free family friendly activity for both locals and visitors on the strip.  The Conservatory and Gardens are located inside of the Bellagio Hotel & Casino and are therefore air conditioned so it is also a wonderful option during the hot summer months. They change the displays completely with each season.  My teenager loves it in all seasons.  I have found that my little kids (2-5) prefer it during the day.  I took them last fall when it was decorated with a Harvest theme and it was at night and a little darker with lots of people. They were a little overwhelmed. Today (July) we visited during the day and it is a Summer theme with a lighthouse, kites and birds and they loved it!  They also really liked the glass display on the ceiling of the lobby and the flower display behind the hotel registration desk which coordinates with the Conservatory theme.  The summer display includes live birds in the center glass "green house".  This is a great stop if you are taking in the fountains outside.  Note that the fountains don't run during the weekdays (only at night).  There is live music in the evening, pretty sure the sign said from 5:30 - 6:30pm and this morning about 11 am there was a staff member out as Mr. Green Thumb answering questions about the gardens.  Exploring the gardens takes just about as long as a toddler or preschoolers attention span lasts so its great for that age range. Older kids and adults can look at more of the intricacies of the beautiful displays.
5	Another free thing to do in Vegas. Another thing to take your breath away in the Bellagio. Apparently the conservatory changes by season, so you should definitely go every season to see what beauty they'll come up with. If I could have a conservatory like this in my house, I definitely would. Just imagine the work that it takes to maintain all these flowers!If you walk to the gift store, you can find some pretty shot glasses/glassware to take home as souvenirs for family and friends, granted it's a little expensive. I think it was $12/shot glass. But, since you're in Vegas, and you're bleeding away all your money anyways, you may as well.
5	cant beat free and it changes w/ seasons beautiful work open 24 hours close to front desk its great to see in the middle of a casino and in the middle of the desert!!
5	Absolutely gorgeous! Yet another free thing that a lot of people don't know of but should take advantage of. We always go to Vegas in the summer and the flowers and setup are usually the same. However, this year there seems to be a lot more. There has also been the addition of the bird aviary which is beautiful. Worth stopping by to check it out.
5	This conservatory is one of the best things about Las Vegas hands down. It is located right off the lobby. It changes with the seasons. Just returned from the Bellagio and right now there is a full size light house, tons of flowers everywhere, Cali Lillie's, sunflowers, miniature roses, kites on the glass ceiling, small fountains And a full size green house with finches inside. You cannot do this botanical garden justice, however once you see it, you will want to return often.
5	I really like this oasis of beauty right in the middle of the Bellagio hotel. I came across the Conservatory when I was waiting in line for the Bellagio Cafe, but it's totally a great place to come and just wander around and take some legit pictures. They even have a little greenhouse area full of birds so you can watch them eating and hanging out in their nests. There are water fixtures, lots of beautiful flowers, big birds hanging in the air so they look like they are flying, and big American flags hanging from the ceiling. It's a great area to check out and it's a really beautiful place that's well-lit by natural sunlight =D But don't worry they keep it nice and cool with the AC!
5	This is one of the best free things you can do in Vegas. The Bellagio is a beautiful hotel and the gardens are equally as beautiful. The displays change regularly so even if you have been before, you will most likely see something new each time. It is amazing the things they create out of nothing but flowers. There are greenhouses inside which house butterflies which add to the experience. There is always people there taking pictures and everyone seems in awe of the spectacle. I highly recommend taking time to come and see this for yourself. It is something you will enjoy for sure.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I must visit this place and see the new theme's.  You have to see this place it's so beautiful.
5	I visit the garden every time I'm in Vegas. They do such an incredible job! The garden changes with the season and uses all fresh flowers and greenery. Their summer display with birds even used various types of natural seeds to decorate the birds!! Even though I know they use real flowers, I had to reach down and touch the hydrangeas because they were so perfect looking, they didn't look real! Don't miss this beautiful attraction!!
5	Another Must-See Vegas Classic! It's beautiful, it's huge, it's FREE, it's easy to find right through the Bellagio lobby, and they displays change with seasons and holidays. Gorgeous floral arrangements, kind of reminds me of the rose parade floats. The whole family will love it, bring your kids. Thank you, Bellagio, for this classy addition to the Vegas experience!
5	wowza! this is beautiful.We were refereed by the Players Club at Caesars to stop by here and boy am I glad we did. It was so pretty. Everything was so perfect and made from flowers.I think its definitely a sight to see. We were told they change it often and we were able to see it just after they had changed it so it was fresh for us. Very beautiful attraction and free! Take the kids!
5	Still a "Must See" for Vegas tourists... Not as grand as it used to be, MGM is cutting back on its maintience and not changing out the displays as often as they used to.  But still worth the price (free) and its open 24/7.  Don't forget to go behind the Conservatory and enjoy the Worlds Largest Choclolate Fountain.
5	The Conservatory & Botanical Gardens at the Bellagio are absolutely stunning. Meticulously well taken care of, the gardens are beautiful to look at and enjoy. Colourful and full of various decor to add to the rotating themes, the gardens are a terrific place to stop and relax for a moment (or several) in the midst of the craziness that is Las Vegas. They are open 24/7 with different themed displays on throughout the year for special events (Chinese New Year, Spring Celebration, Summer Garden Party, Autumn Harvest, and Winter Holiday). Over 100 horticulturists work on this garden and it's definitely worth visiting :)
5	One reason I absolutely love visiting the Bellagio is for the Conservatory and Botanical Garden. Every season they change up the area with a new theme. This previous visit they had the Autumn Harvest theme complete with pumpkins, a giant cornucopia, scarecrows, and talking trees! it felt like I had walked into the land of Lord of the Rings with two giant tree figures standing 20 ft tall, and the one that actually talked and greeted guests was both creepy and cool. They also have arrangements of different types of plants, flowers, and trees besides the themed decorations. It takes 140 expert horticulturists to arrange and maintain the gazebos, bridges, ponds, and water features for each season. Also, if you are interested in learning more about the garden they have experts daily from 10:30 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. providing tips and answering questions about the gardens. Tip* It gets crowded quickly at night so if you want the most optimal time to go and take pictures without people crowding around than I would suggest visiting during the morning when most Vegas visitors are still asleep.
5	The Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Garden was really impressive. I don't know exactly what I expected it to be but I wasn't disappointed! They do a great job of putting together lovely seasonal displays.
5	Im not the type of guy that likes going places to look at flowers. But this place is cool. They make so many different things out of plants on a huge scale. I wont lie I like walking around checking it all  out. They change what they put up with the season. Around the holidays this is a great place to check out especially if you brought kids.
5	This is my favorite spot in Vegas. They change it seasonally and it's beautiful to walk through during a night out. Make sure to go at weird times such as late night or early morning to avoid the tour groups walking through. It is amazing they can change it to a new Season all in only one day!  Make sure to take photographs with the beautiful floral background and breathe deep to take in the aroma of all those flowers!One of the things that makes Bellagio my favorite in Las Vegas.
5	Ahhhh, the Conservatory.  Such an awesome place to come and hang out, snap a few pics, and enjoy the awesome work that is done here from season to season.  I particularly enjoy the interactive setups that the artist's go for (ie., the tree with the face) but always satisfied no matter what they have set up, interactive or not.  A little busy for my taste, but hey, can't have it all I guess.  Just imagine what this place would be like if it is was nice and quiet?!  That would be amazing!  Tried to see what it was like around 3am once to see if the crowds would die down at all.. but it was still busy.  Oh well haha.  Also, it makes for a nice walk to Michael Mina in the back and if you're enjoying some grub in the lounge, it is quite a sight to look at (especially if you are near the edge of the restaurant overlooking the garden).  Kudos to the Bellagio on hosting the Conservatory for tourists and locals alike!  Will be back to enjoy many, many more times.
5	This area was so beautiful!  We came to Vegas for the first time in Dec and we got a chance to see the beautiful display in the Garden.  There were trees, reindeer, coca cola bears, and some of the displays were made out of flowers!  You have to see it.  Very good pics were taken here.  Everyone helped each other by taking pics because it was too neat to pass up.
5	As a local I like to stop in just to see what's new.  They change this with the holidays and seasons.  Everything is so grand and spectacular.  Love it!  Late at night is the best to avoid slow groups of people.
4	The week between Christmas and New Years I found to be the cheapest time to visit Las Vegas - I got $35 hotel rooms in fancy on-strip hotels and almost every night I bumped into people selling 2-for-1 tickets to shows. I think we saw Jubilee for $30 and Cirque du Soleil show for $60. The best fix to get you into the holiday spirit is the Bellagio's Conservatory and Botanical Gardens.  Everything they build is from plants, flowers and seeds (yeah, like the rose parade floats) and it's always impressive, festive and really pretty. And it's free! My blog post has more details and discounts: http://bit.ly/18JIGH0
5	What a beautiful holiday decorations!!Absolutely a place to check it out if you are in Bellagio. Always crowded because definitely a tourist attraction.It might be hard to get a good picture without the crowded. Either you come really early in the morning. Holiday decoration will be taken down on 1/6 then Chinese New Year decoration will be finished by 1/11.
5	The Bellagio, despite how expensive a lot of it is, is home to two of the best free attractions in Vegas (fountains). Real flowers, real trees, and 100% free. Whether it's butterflies in the fall or polar bears made of carnations in the winter, the Bellagio really puts together some beautiful scenes.It can get crazy crowded here, of course, but if you go late at night or early in the morning, you can be here when there are very few people as well.
5	Definitely worth a view
4	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 37/100The bf and I paid a visit to the Conservatory & Botanical Garden at Bellagio this past weekend :) It was all decked out for Chinese New Year, with festive decorations everywhere, incense burning, a tree made out of gold coins, and a giant mountain with practically full-sized horses in honor of the Year of the Horse. It was wonderful!I hear they re-decorate it to match whatever season/holiday is going on at the moment. I would love to see each of the rotations in a calendar year!The Conservatory is located just past the lobby in the Bellagio hotel - very easy and quick to get to. It has wonderful natural lighting coming in through glass panes in the ceiling, and has beautiful flowers and plants planted everywhere. Great photo op spot as well!It actually wasn't as big as I remembered it to be when I came here as a child...but nonetheless, definitely something worth seeing during your visit to Bellagio!There is a garden gift shop nearby where they sell nice souvenirs and trinkets :) There's also a store that sells the beautiful glass flowers hanging from the ceiling in the lobby of the hotel, but I'm sure they cost an arm and a leg just for one!
5	This is a MUST see in my opinion. It changes every season... some are better than others but it's awesome to see.
5	As part of my birthday month, I decided to go to Vegas with a really awesome friend. As soon as I checked in, suggestions started popping up for places to go see and this was one of them thanks to Yelper Shanon Y. I love gardens and cool decor and given that fact and that we were there around the holidays, everything was bright, lit up, with all kinds of awesome Christmasy stuff. I just couldn't contain myself and loved it all.The gardens are located at the center of the hotel as soon as you walk in so it really can't be missed. We were staying nearby so it was easy to get to, walk around, and enjoy the sights. Also, it's not a fake garden. Everything is real and there are warning signs to stay off it. When in Vegas, check this cool spot out.
5	Not going to write anything long but just wanted to say just how much I love this place. It's definitely a must visit when in Vegas just so you can see all the different decorations that they have on display depending on the time of year it is.  And come on, show some appreciation for the people that set it all up! It's insane! :)bombdotcom for this place, i would tell everyone this is the #1 place to check out when in vegas as a tourist lol
5	The Conservatory is a wonderful place to come and admire the handiwork of the botanical geniuses at the Bellagio.  A real Las Vegas gem that has nothing to do with gambling (other that it's inside a casino), I love to come here and see the themed flower displays as they change with whatever season or holiday is occurring.  Right now, the Conservatory is decorated for Chinese New Year.  A free offering for visitors and residents, the garden is fabulous for people-watching, too; folks from near and far ooh and ahh in the same language.
4	Always interesting to see what they've done every season. Great place to bring the kids or to take a few photos, and a nice way to just kill some time without spending any money. I've had the opportunity to see them disassembling it and beginning a new one. That was actually cooler than the finished product.
5	I never miss a chance to walk through the conservatory. Plus, it's free! Come on, why wouldn't you enjoy this if in Vegas?
5	Change is always good when it comes to the seasons at Bellagio. They know exactly how to depict each season and make it enjoyable for all ages. They even have musical performances for the passersby. The best part about it is it's free!The displays usually move around or even talk. Definitely a place to stop by if you have some time on your hands.
5	Changing with the seasons and always nothing less than stunning, there is probably no better space for pictures on the strip.  Currently featuring one of the most impressive butterfly houses I've seen as well as "living paintings" replanted each day this is truly a must see space for tourists and locals alike.
5	I love coming here and PLAYING TOURIST! It is open 24 hours and it is FREE, so if you can't sleep, take a drive out to Bellagio, and smell the flowers!It almost seems like a MAGICAL GARDEN once you step into the Conservatory! I can't imagine how long it takes to make these EXTRAORDINARY gardens (since they change it up every few months). It is great for family, friends, and children! Bring the entire family for a nice walk into the magical garden!"WAKE UP AND SMELL THE FLOWERS!" & most definitely, have fun! =)
5	Easily my favorite place in Las Vegas! I love coming here every month or so to check out the new scenes. It is free and open 24 hours a day. It is breath taking every time I walk in.
4	Ever evolving, constantly changing, beautiful gardens... The only downside to the gardens is the onslaught of camera happy numbnuts who have no respect or manners for anyone else while trying to capture "the shot".
5	There's a bad playing with instruments and it gives a good vibe to the place. It has fun decor for kids, flowers, and observatory scenes. It's pretty crowded with all the tourist stopping and taking pictures, but even if you're not a tourist, you'd want to capture the beauty of this place.
4	This continues to be a must do on each of our frequent visits to Las Vegas.  This time we were for the Spring Celebration that featured a 45' cherry tree, greenhouse with butterflies, floral lady bugs, 8' caterpillars and a floral interpretation of Polly Thayer's paining "My Childhood Trees" with 1,200 mixed floors.  Well worth your vacation time.
5	I took some first-timers to see these gardens over the weekend, and everything was breathtaking as usual!  I never expected to see all the butterflies!  This is a photographer's paradise.  They do a truly excellent job.
4	The Conservatory & Botanical Garden at Bellagio is an awesome thing to see and walk through. It's updated for each season / holiday and always invokes some awe-inspired sighs. And it's free. I like going late at night or very early in the morning when it's less crowded. It's great place to takes pictures and just wonder about the effort it took to create such cool things entirely out of flowers and other natural things. It's definitely a do-not-miss for folks visiting Vegas.
4	Whimsical, fun and gorgeous. A very nice walkthrough - and the butterflies in the greenhouse were a fun touch.
5	This is my favorite Las Vegas attraction.  Amazing!  We saw it at night and had to come back to see it during daylight.  Both spectacular.  I highly recommend this.  Free is a great value.  Brave the crowds and the sidewalk debauchery, come see this.  Bathrooms are clean.  The facility alone is worth the trip, details on the interior of the building is beautiful.  The flowers, layouts, decor and scents are a sensory feast.  Great shopping too.
5	This place is amazing, even in the midst of Vegas its AMAZING!!! The Bellagio has this garden that changes seasonally during the year in their hotel and its spectacular. You smell all the flowers and the display is made of flowers and its just flowers flowers everywhere. What they create is pure magic, and need I say it again you're in Vegas, land of all things magic and fantasy and it still manages to amaze you, with all the lights and  shows and drinks and food etc this is a standout and its free, kids will love it, you will love it, there's nothing not to love about it!!!! GO go go. Everytime I am in Vegas I go and I love it each time.
4	I love how they change this with the seasons, I've seen 3 different setups, and all were gorgeuous.
5	I had to give this 5 stars because this place makes me smile every time I visit. It's free and it's beautiful. The Conservatory is where imagination, beauty and art is created with the use of flowers and plants. Someone referenced it as a "magical garden" and it is. It's the best smelling place you will find in Vegas. Every time I visit each year it has changed to a new theme and each time it seems even more incredible. I would love to host a tea party in this space with my girlfriends.
4	Must see when you're strolling on the strip. Stop inside the Bellagio- cute garden. It was really crowded but it's a sight to see!
5	I always bring my friends here when they come to visit and it never disappoints!
4	This is a pretty sight if you're on your way through the Bellagio. I can't say I'd travel out of my way to come here, but if you're in the area it's a breath of fresh air and a good photo opportunity. And dare I say, it's as free as it gets. It does get crowded sometimes, so you may get pushed aside by other tourists. And did I say breath of fresh air? Well, the flowers smell delightful until the individual next to you lights up a cigarette, but let me tell you, that sure does enhance the ambiance and overall experience ;-)
1	Boring. Second year in a row they have used the same theme. Nothing new and exciting. Go to the Wynn for a beautiful flower carrousel and hot air balloon.
4	Who goes to Vegas to see a garden? I've bookmarked this place a while ago, but didn't think that this was a place that the other girls would be interested in. Luckily, I spotted the garden as we were making our way through the hotel and asked to stop by. I loved the vibrant colors. In the center there is an aviary where you can look at the birds. There's a koi pond too. The place is not that big though and quite crowded with tourists taking pictures, including us. The garden's seasonal themes: Holidays, Chinese New Year (Cool!), spring, summer, and fall. The current exhibit is Summer Garden Party. Guests can also enjoy live musical performances daily from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m.
5	I'm not sure how Bellagio does it, but the garden in here is always stunning! The theme changes w/ the different seasons and holidays. My favorites so far are the chinese new year's and xmas decorations, they go all out on it! The conservatory & botanical garden is small, but the decorations and everything inside are huge.Not a bad place to stop by as it's one of the nicer free things you can do in vegas
5	Who doesn't like walking among thousands of flowers?Their exhibits are truly stunning.  It amazes me how much time and effort they put into maintaining all the flowers and it's all free for the viewers!  The atrium truly is gorgeous and I love all the little details they put into their over-the-top displays.  I've seen most of their exhibits here and the Summer Garden Party and Chinese New Year displays are my favorite.  I love the little greenhouse they have where there are butterflies flying around.  Definitely stop by if you make it over to Bellagio.  It's truly a sight to behold!
4	A beautiful and peaceful place. They have a beautiful bird display and lots of flowers. This place is full of color and brightness. For a moment I was very impressed with how the flowers were arranged until I realized most, if not all are simply still in their pots instead of actually planted. Despite this, it's very beautiful place to check out.
4	A floral work of art.  This extensive flower garden becomes a vivarium of tourists that cant help but snap shots in front of every single picturesque scene at all times.  I think I get to photo-bomb about a hundred different unsuspecting tourists in just the 15 minutes we spend there.  It is the jewel of Steve Wynn's Bellagio and is definitely worth experiencing for 15 minutes at least 4 times a year.  That is because every 4 months the still-life cinematics and flowers are changed to represent the changing seasons.  A lively tree house in the summer turns to an enchanted bare leaved aging tree spirit in the winter.  The fall and spring gardens are always my favorite exhibits.  Very much like a year round stationary Rose Bowl Parade.  The kids benefit from the colors and smells giving a boost of beauty and wonder to their imaginations.  Free!
4	They always put a lot of effort into this exhibit, and considering it's a free attraction that says a lot about Bellagio! On the weekend it can get quite crowded - it's a small area - but definitely worth seeing if you are in the area!
5	FREE viewing for the public showing off people's beautiful and creative mind working with flowers.I love that they change the theme every few months and it never fail to amaze me. I come here when I have family visiting and it's great for kids to be entertained. I do enjoy coming later at night roughly 3am since there's less of a crowd roaming about trying to take photos and talking loudly trying to flag their group members down. You kind of get the place to yourself :-) unless there's a person cleaning the floors with the machine but hey it's OK to share.
5	This is an absolute must-see for any first time Vegas visitor as well as returning. I always love to come here when in Vegas. It's away (well, not very far away) from the gambling and it's just peaceful and beautiful. They change the garden all the time according to season or holiday and the creations and scenery made is always amazing.
4	My husband told me that they change it with the seasons and since it is summer time they had birds in a bird house and all types of flowers and it was beautiful.  I want to come back and see what they do for Christmas.
5	Always beautiful. I've seen big bumble bees, ferris wheels, greenhouses, birds, Chinese new years lanterns, huge pumpkins, and everything in between. I think my favorite seasons are usually fall and spring, but the summer and winter displays have all been equally great.
5	A beautiful garden in the middle of the strip. For reals?I'm not one to normally gush over flowers or the graceful beauty of foliage sculptures, but this place is quite impressive. I decided to stop here after a meeting with some friends at the Bellagio. I've read a lot about this place and wanted to see what all the hype was about. The first thing you notice is the sweet smell of fresh flowers; it's not subtle, but not overpowering, this is a welcoming smell after walking through the casino floor. Seriously though, why does almost every casino floor have a faint fart smell mixed in with cigarette smoke? Anyway, back to the flowers. The Botanical Garden is highlighting the warmer months with a "Summer Garden Party", theme. Which is decorated perfectly with giant 15ft flowers, life-sized snails and frogs made of living plants, a giant treehouse for kids, plus a small aviary with all types of live birds. It's really cool see all this in the middle of the bustling casino on the strip. Great place to take family members who are visiting you and aren't of the pool party, clubbing hopping variety. The Conservatory & Botanical Garden is a seasonal attraction, so if you haven't made it down here for the garden set-up, hurry! Because this will be ending on September 7th, with the fall theme replacing it on September 13th called, "Autumn Harvest". I can already taste the pumpkin spiced lattes!
5	I can and do spend hours here.  Between the dancing waters and the flowers there is no better way to pass the time.  Best part is it's so romantic and tranquil and its free !!!!!!
5	As opulent as the Bellagio hotel may be, it balances itself with two FREE offerings: The Fountain Show and the Conservatory & Botanical Garden.  Both of which are beautiful sights to be seen.  What I love most about the garden is that it is ever changing with the seasons.  I can't say for certain how often the scenery changes, but it's always fun to see what the creators have come up with.  The Winter/Holiday season is always my favorite, maybe more so because of my love for the holiday season, but it really transforms the area into a magical place.  This place is most definitely photo-snapping-central; but on the upside, everyone else is taking pictures so you won't feel out of place trying to capture the perfect shot.  But, once you've gone around once and taken all of the pictures you can, my advice is to put the camera away and walk around once more to truly appreciate these living works of art.
2	Considering this is a FREE attraction in vegas, i'm not upset that it was disappointing, but I dragged my husband and 2 kids all the way to the Bellagio because I heard the Botanic Garden was amazing.  It was cute, but small and crowded and really nothing special. It's kinda nice if you are already at the Bellagio, but it's not worth a special trip. The glass flowers on the ceiling in the Bellagio lobby were far more interesting to my kiddos, so that was a plus, I guess.
5	The Atrium at Bellagio is always a must do whenever I visit Las Vegas. Best of all it's open 24 hours and FREE.The beautiful floral displays are frequently changed out according to season or holidays. I have been fortunate enough to visit when they are not changing out the display which can be the only negative & inconvenient aspect but you can always check out Bellagio's website and look up their schedule to see if it will coincide with your visit.Since this hotel is known initially for it's Gallery of Fine Art, there is always a famous artists painting rendered entirely out of flowers & live plants portrayed on a massive picture frame. It is indeed a work of art whatever it may be.So far I have visited only Summer and Fall. Would love to see what Christmas is like one of these days. Simply stunning. I am always at awe here.
5	The botanical garden is amazingly beautiful. I love how most of the sculptures are made of flowers. You can tell that they really put a lot of heart into their work. I also love the fact that they change up the scenery by the season. I went to visit the botanical garden around the fall season and it was captivating. The pumpkins were huge! And specifically grown for the Bellagio. They had a water mill, talking tree, and a unicorn made of flowers. It's definitely a must to go and see what is new each season. It really gets you into the seasonal mood.
5	Changes all the time! I don't know how they keep all the bugs away front the flowers. And I don't know when they change this. It never seems to be under construction. It's always sooo beautiful. I like how this is free for everyone to enjoy. I'm sure I'm in a lot of other people's pictures
5	Free, beautiful and ever changing. This place is adorable and I can spend hours in here!
5	Hello everyone! The gardens at the Bellagio are always beautiful and change constantly throughout the year and also have various themes. If you do go be patient because there are often a lot of people admiring the view too so it could be a little bit before you can get a clear picture. Don't be afraid to ask people for help for a picture!!!Have fun everyone!
5	I love the Bellagio Conservatory! I visit every time I'm in Vegas and hope the crowds are too bad and I can take some decent photos without random people posting in it.  Was glad this last visit it wasn't busy and I could take great photos of the displays.  Since it was before Thanksgiving, they had beautiful displays.  An apple made of 1200 carnations, horses, and more.  So much skill and thought are put into the displays and it's all free to enjoy the sights!The previous visit it was December and the Christmas display was lovely.  Cute polar bears frolicking and a huge Christmas tree.  We took a photo in front of that tree and it's one of my favourite festive photos.  The staff who put these displays on deserve kudos for their work.Thanks Bellagio for having this beautiful attraction for free in your lobby! I can't wait to see what you have on my next visit.
5	This place reminds me so much of the Garden Court at the Palace Hotel from the architecture, interior design and ambience.http://www.sfpalace.com/garden-courtThe only thing missing is the dining room in the middle of the place. The first time I visited this place I was in awe; a jaw-dropping experience. And the good thing about is that the design changes with the season and holiday so you always get a different experience every time and anytime you decide to pay a visit. Oh, and you don't have to pay since it's FREE. This place is a must for the person that loves to take selfies. At least the background will be much, much better compared to a bathroom mirror and toilet seats. And you'll come out smelling like roses....literally.
5	This place never ceases to amaze me.  The arrangement of the entire area changes with the seasons.  Absolutely amazing attention to detail!  I love visiting this place.  One of the few free attractions Vegas has to offer.  It's well worth the visit.
4	It's always amazing how the garden is set up to wow the crowds of tourists and locals who stop in on a daily basis. I try to get here for each theme to see what they have come up with next. I recently went for Christmas and was impressed. From penguins to polar bears and a canopy where it looks like you are standing in a snow storm this place is a must see for all.
