1	I was really excited to find out that there was a vegetarian option across the street from my college.  However, I have had several bad experiences with the restaurant. I have attempted to eat here twice when they were closed. One time when I did catch them while they were open, they were out of the main ingredient in the dish I wanted to order, asparagus. So, on the fourth try, I was successful at ordering what I wanted and they were actually open. Unfortunately, the price soured my mouth. I think that at $20 dollar each for a veggie stir fry and purple shoots is absolutely insane. Picture it, two scoops of rice with various vegetables. $20 each? It wasn't even as if it was a LARGE serving. I'd skip Persian Garden and go to Mu Shu grill on the other corner; it's much less pricey.
4	We had a great meal at this place.  the owner is a passionate and enthuisiastic chef and it shows in his cooking.We ordered 4 different dishes and an appetizer and all we great.  The Shrimp faranghe is grilled shrimp wrapped in grilled eggplant.  It was excellent.  Antoher ordered the Spinch Herb burger (vegitarian) and it cam on a bed of rice with a huge garden salad that was nicely seasoned with fresh herbs.  A third had the grilled Salmon that was also served with a salad and nicely spiced.  Last we have the kaboodie and it came with grilled vegetables.Everything was fresh, well seasoned and scrumptious.    this is not a kebab and fries kind of place so expect fresh twists on your persian food.We would defintley go back
5	The Persian Garden Cafe uses organic ingredients and they offer lots of vegan options in addition to meat dishes. Everything we tried was extraordinary. The owner told us that anything can be made vegetarian and the portions are generous. The service was great. If you like red wine, try their Pinot Noir from Oregon.We had the vegetable and chicken stew, lentil soup, and the spinach stew. My taste buds were in seventh heaven. I have also had their food delivered and it was great.
3	I had high hopes for this place and was let down by pricing and the food. Perhaps I just need to give it some more tries, I've been twice with no luck. It isn't bad but just ok.
5	My husband and I have been here twice in the last week for dinner...it is a bit pricey as other reviewers have said (around $20 for dinner entrees), but for vegetarian and organic food, what exactly do folks expect?  You get what you pay for.  We were happily surprised after reading the reviews...the food was amazing, the portions are huge and we had leftovers both times.  (and p.s., we paid with a debit card both times and have had no trouble, despite the review about only paying cash.)Our first visit, we were greeted kindly and given a plate of fruit to munch on until we ordered.  My husband ordered the mint tea and it was delish!  For an appetizer, we had the sabzi...which is a huge plate of green herbs, homemade wheat nan, feta cheese, and walnuts.  The herbs were FRESH and the nan was delicious...just the smell of it was enough to get us drooling!For entrees, we had the spinach herb stew and the vegetable stew with eggplant.  I am currently pregnant and garlic is not something that's agreeing with me.  I asked if the vegetable stew had garlic in it and the waiter said "we can make it however you want...every dish is made when you order it"....what??  the dishes are made to order??  I haven't heard that at a lot of restaurants!  After about 20 minutes, our stews arrived...steaming hot and smelling delicious.  They were HEAVENLY!  So many flavors and so fresh!!Our second time here, we had the dolmeh plate and Mast Va Mosear (a spinach dip)...both were ok...but I like the Sabzi better.  The entrees we had were amazing...I had a special of the day (pomegranate walnut sauce over tofu, which was blissful to smell and eat) and hubby had the vegetarian sampler to get his falafel fix.Overall, if you are willing to pay a little more for a nice, organic foods dinner, go here and check it out.  Everything will be fresh...everything will smell and taste delicious...and the restaurant's atmosphere is perfect for a relaxed, decadent evening.
4	I am not very familiar with authentic Persian food, but Persian or not this food is delicious.  I have only been there for lunch, so I can't really speak about the dinner, but I have gotten the Spinach Herb burger on several occasions.  I have never really eaten anything else like it.  It is perfectly seasoned and I love the unexpected crunch of the walnuts.
5	My wife and I absolutely love this place. It is a bit pricey, but if I could eat here every day I would. I agree with some others that think they should brand themselves as "healthy" or "vegan/vegetatrian" fare, but I don't care what they call themselves as long as the food is outstanding. Furthermore, I enjoy the quiet atmosphere in the restaurant (I hate all the chatter of Chili's, for instance). It allows me to sit around with family or friends and actually enjoy our food with real conversations (instead of yelling to the other end of the table). If you're into macrobiotic, vegan, vegetarian, healthy, or you just want to try something delicious, then this place is for you!
5	I went to eat here a few weeks back and I have been meaning to write a review.I visited upon a friends recommendation because I am vegan and love Mediterranean food.  This was my first time trying a Persian restaurant. I am picky about the falafel I order anywhere, because I compare all falafel to my mother in law's.I ordered falafel(beautiful color on the inside), stuffed grape leaves, and a vegetarian stew.  Each dish had great rich flavors coming from quality ingredients. I was very impressed by the organic and vegan options that were available.  And even though I do not eat meat, I liked seeing that the meat they do serve is grass fed/organic/etc...For desert: the chocolate vegan cheesecake.  I was surprised by the hint of rose water flavor, and I loved it.  I can't wait to go again and try another desert!The service was personable and timely, and the naan kept coming. :)Another thing that I enjoyed was the table clothes and the classical music playing in the background.It is a great place to take a date.
3	My quest for good falafel continues.Lured in by a huge banner for a $4.99 falafel lunch special I finally gave this place a try.For 12:15pm on a Friday lt was oddly empty as we were just the third table. Once I took a look at the menu I saw why. Hummus app was $9 most items were $12+ not exactly ideal lunch prices in this economy.I went with the lunch 4.99 falafel. It came with a small dollop of tabbouleh on the side with one small cube of feta. Inside the pita was tomatoes, lettuce , dill, tahnini, pickles and of course falafel. The falafel it was was dry and hard, not the type of falfel I like. I did enjoy the tahnini and vegetable in the pita however.The menu did have many vegan and vegatrain friendly options which was nice but at the prices listed and given low quality of falafel I am not too inclined to make my way back.
2	Dear Persian Garden Cafe,I was so excited when I discovered your flier on my front doorstep that I immediately emailed a friend in the area to see when we could schedule a time to visit. I also couldn't wait that long, and ended up visiting you two days later, craving good Persian food that is so hard to find here. I researched the menu online, but wanted to make my to go order in person to get a good feel for the atmosphere. This is about where the good stuff ends. Be prepared as I now tell you about the sadness I experienced after I walked in the door.When I arrived, and wanted to double check my order on a to go menu, I was directed to one on a table that had 1/3 of the items on the menu you list on your site. I then inquired as to other items I had heard of but weren't on this menu. The staff member was surprised and reluctantly handed me a real menu to which I found the items I wished to order. So what did I order?A spinach/cucumber dip with naan. The dip was fairly delicious but I didn't get to enjoy much of it due to the naan being hard, almost to the point of being stale. Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy? Does it not travel well? The spicy chicken dish with vegetables and Persian rice with spices and raisins was just meh. Nothing like the dish I was expecting. The rice was the part I was anticipating most, and the part the gave me the most disappointment. The best part of the entire menu was the lemonade I tried which I think was spiced with a bit of ginger. It was delicious. Sadly this was forgotten about with the bad ordering experience, sub-par food experience and the over the top bill for it all.I may try one more time, this time dining in... but even that scares me a little.
2	Kebab lunch plates for $18! Get real! Even the $12 lamb gyro was not worth the price. The food is average in my opinion, the service slow & rude. I can't imagine why people would rave about this place. Have you people never eaten anywhere better?Prices are not listed on their website menu, so make sure you ask before you order! A coworker of mine ordered 2 menu items totaling about $25 and was VERY disappointed with the quality of the food. Mine wasn't much better. Yeah, there's some nice Persian rugs hanging on the wall, but the place is tiny and has no ambiance.UPDATE: I've eaten at this place a few times now and basically stick to the $5 lunch menu. For $5 the lamb gyro and the falofal are pretty good.
3	It has been many moons since I ate at this place which used to be Green Leaf Cafe. I had such great memories of it, and this visit certainly did not live up to those memories.The first problem was that, only after standing at the hostess podium for nearly 5 minutes (in an awkward silence because there were no customers or staff) did any staff to appear to seat us. Second, it took forever just for the appetizer to be done correctly (sans dairy) to come out. The food that we ordered was good, don't get me wrong, but it was not extraordinary middle eastern food. Maybe we just ordered simple stuff, and again there was nothing wrong with it-it was all great. But, since this is a bit off the beaten path for me I probably wouldn't return without the intention of ordering an astronomically priced entree.Seriously, the prices here are steep.... every entree is $18-25. Appetizers about $7-12. Good food yes but, not sure if it justifies the cost. The ambiance is also very weird. It's extremely outdated with poor lighting and acoustics.
4	Except for the guy yammering about Foursquare at the next table, this place was awesome! Really good veggie options and delicious tabouli in a cool neighborhood.
4	I love this place.  I've treated Baha'is in from out of town here, friends, family and other visitors to the excellent healthy fare created and served by Mahmoud Jaafari.  On January 20, 2012, Joseph was our excellent server, totally knowledgeable about the menu, special menu items, their preparation, and what good combinations were available.A very reasonable lunch menu's been added with economic crunch.  A great way to start sampling the many dishes served here.This is a good place for a fairly formal evening out with people appreciating Persian and Mediterranean dishes.  Or better yet, people who love exploring the world and other cultures through dining.  I like starting with humus and baba, toss in an organic Shirazi, Tabouli or other salad.Something else I enjoy is doogh, the yogurt drink of the Mideast world.  Tart, milky, icy, very refreshing.Omnivores start your engines.  Go vegetarian, vegan, or just go wild with Alaskan salmon, free range chicken, filet mignon kebab or just plain gyro.   Classic Persian, excellent Mediterranean.The dessert menu has so many choices.  Our last visit, we tried the dense vegan carrot cake, not cased in cream cheese frosting, but delicately sauced with a vegan-appropriate topping.  Be sure to add the Persian Chai at the finish.  You'll probably be asking for boxes because it's all filling and the portions large.
4	Far from my normal cuisine we went for lunch. Service was ok, Not amazing. Food was good. Flavors where interesting and overall it was a good meal. It won't be a regular stop on my places to eat but once in a while it will make for a nice change of pace.
4	This food was so good, I'm not even mad that Persia no longer exists. Persian Garden Cafe is enough for me. First off, there's plenty of meat and seafood on the menu - but - everything can be made vegan. That's right. You can all come out of hiding now. You're safe here.I shared the dolmeh and falafel plate with a friend and was satisfied, but still found room for dessert. Yeah, I've got my priorities straight. It came with four big, crisp, spiced falafel and three FRESH, steamed domlehs. (To anyone who has only had the displeasure of trying a canned dolmeh: now is your time. Feed.) That may appear to be enough to serve one person, but with the heaps of saffron rice, brown lentil-currant-other-tasty-things rice, tahini, tomatoes, and huge basket of flat bread it came with, it was more than enough for two.For dessert, we ordered a slice of carrot cake and chocolate cheesecake. They're both vegan, along with the saffron rice pudding and pumpkin pie on the dessert menu... both of which I'll probably review in the near future. The carrot cake was huge, super sweet, heavily spiced, studded with raisins and walnuts and topped with a dollop of magical cream un-cheese frosting. The chocolate cheesecake was my favorite, probably because it was doused with dark chocolate chips, had a chewy, creamy center, and a crunchy, cookie crust. Last I checked, those are the only things I want from a dessert, ever.Persian Garden Cafe ain't cheap, but the ambiance is warm and pleasant (not to mention, great for groups), the food is fresh, homemade and delicious, and you can get dairy free cheesecake that's better than regular cheesecake. If that doesn't make this place worth a shot, I don't know what does.
5	Authentic food. Large portions. Friendly service.There is a ton of selection, so you'll likely need to come back to experience what Persian food has to offer! No salt at the table, so if you'll need salt, it will have to be a special request (food is seasoned well though, so you shouldn't need it).The purple shoots is great as a side on many entrees; really unique, tasty, and the sweet and savory eggplant is cooked well.The brown and white basmati rice has a lot of flavor, and I love the raisins and almonds mixed in.Quality ingredients, healthy food, a lot of selection lends this place to be a top choice for authentic Persian and Mediterranean in Phoenix.
4	Eggplant merza is awesome, so is the spudburger
5	I love the food here. Fresh, flavorful and seasoned with lots of herbs. Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices. Fresh pressed juices and teas. Everything is well-balanced and prepared with loving care.Be sure to check the menu for the daily specials--it is sure to be good.
2	Had lunch here last week with friends and really was not impressed.Mostly everything is served with rice or some kind of bread.  I avoid these items due to carbs.One person ordered some plate with hummus and baba ganush which I sampled.  To tell the truth I did not find this flavorful but kind of bland.  Now I do not like hot spicy food but I do like food to have some sort of flavor.When I arrived I realized I had been there a few years back and didn't find anything at that time I really enjoyed.Maybe next time someone invites me I will remember that I tried it 2 times and not going to try the 3rd time.
2	I know that hundreds of you wait everyday for a new review by me, checking yelp several times a day in hopes that I've been generous enough to share my whit and culinary expertise. For all of you, my fans, I have some news that may rock your world. I went vegan 5 months ago. Margaret Cho does a stand up skit about people you should not F*** with. On the list are gay men, lesbians, vegans, and Bjork. "Do not f*** with vegans... Do not look vegans in the eye.. If you get in an argument with a vegan, say you're sorry and back away slowly. You don't mess with vegans because they're F******* hungry!"This is true. I was hungry for 6 weeks until I realized the only two foods that satisfied my hunger are refried beans and hummus. So.. why two stars for a restaurant that caters to vegans?The prices. I am not a cheapskate. I spend a ridiculous amount of money on food. I once spent $500 on a meal for three people - and didn't feel ripped off, because it was worth it.I ordered a vegetarian plate. Humus tabouli, falafel & dolmeh served over white & brown rice. Falafel is topped with tahini. Humus & tabouli served with fresh veggies & homemade nan. So... most places... a meal like this would be 8 dollars. Maybe 14 at a good restaurant. $20 for this... I expect the best on earth and a huge portion.It wasn't. The hummus was pure tahini - awful really. The baba was smoky and kind of grossThe falafel I didn't think was that great. The dolmeh were good. The portion size was a normal Styrofoam take away box with one piece of pita.I will say that the rice was divine. Saffron - y and perfectly cooked. The price was not equivalent to the quantity or quality. I was mad. Baiz market sells a whole Styrofoam box full of exponentially better hummus for 5.99.Vegans are a hard bunch to please, I realize, but charging this much for less than  perfect food will not win my business.
4	Charming restaurant with yummy food.  We went for lunch and I had the falafel and dolmeh, and my hubby had the gyros platter.  Everything was cooked perfectly and the attention to detail was impeccable.On my plate, there were two kinds of rice, along with the cucumber sauce, some sliced tomatoes and tiny sliced pickles.  Also, my dolmeh were topped with a tiny bit of caramelized onion, adding a charming touch.My husband's dish had lots of gyro meat, pita pieces, some olives, fresh veggies and feta cubes.  We also brought home some baklava which was good.The only criticism I have is that it was a little pricey, and I confess, I am used to getting some hummus and pita with my falafel.  It was totally enjoyable, though, and we will definitely go back.
1	The worst Persian food I ever ate.Hummus was tasteless. Gyro meat was that pre-sliced frozen meat you can buy at CostCo. I won't be back.I have nothing more to say than stay away........................................................................
2	I was so prepared to love this place because I had visited before and because it was featured on Check Please Arizona, the local PBS program.  I never had worse hummus in my life - bland, watery - like no other I have ever tasted.  The so-called naan bread was the low point of the meal - like a piece of dry cardboard.  Really awful.  My friend liked the salad.  I like the gyro strips.  In the future, we would probably go to one of the many other excellent middle-eastern places in town.  The service was fine - our waiter was a nice young man.
5	Amazing! Perfect! Definitely coming back and adding this to my list of favorite places! The Ceaser salad was so unique and amazing. Homemade Ceaser dressing. Hummus had so much delicious garlic, pita bread was outstanding. Loved the homemade baklavah. Mint tea was so good.
3	Heaven for vegan . Stay away from the meat. Great desserts. Take the Turkish coffee.
4	The mirza faranghe was wonderful! Great salad with fresh herbs.  I'd go back just for the Turkish coffee.
5	I have been to the Persian Garden Cafe a couple of times, but my sister has been here a bunch. We live out of state, but have family in the area, so whenever we are in town we try to come here. I live in Los Angeles where we have no shortage of Persian Cuisine, but I have yet to find a restaurant this good.Persian Garden specializes in vegetarian and vegan dishes, but there is plenty of meat and sea food options for the carnivores. In fact, the options are so good that I had a really hard time making up my mind this time around. I finally decided on the vegetable stew with eggplant, and it was amazing! So much food, and it came with a big plate of rice as well. I couldnt even finish it all, and it was soooo good!The chef came out to greet my party and was very nice, and gave us a complimentary starter.I can honestly say that whatever restaurant you decide to go to, it will not be as good as Persian Garden Cafe, and I have been to a lot of restaurants all over the valley. Do yourself a favor, tell a friend, and come down. You will not be disappointed!
5	We came to Persian Garden Cafe to begin our New Years Eve celebration. We enjoyed absolutely everything. The Persian Chai Tea had a lovely mild spice and rose flavor. We began the food with Sabzi, a dish of fresh herbs, feta, walnut, and olives. Our sever stated that Persians begin every meal (even breakfast) with Sabzi. I now officially want to adopt this practice. The Hummus and Baba Ganoush were also excellent.  For entrees we had a lamb stew special with pickled veggies that was packed with a sweet, yet mild, nutty flavor. We also had the Purpleshoots which consisted of asparagus, eggplant, rice, and a house made cucumber yogurt. All in all the ambience, service, and food were absolutely stellar. We will definitely return.
5	Best falafel I've ever had!This is one of the best restaurants in downtown Phoenix area. The food is authentic and very fresh. I heard the chef actually grows a lot of the ingredients in his own garden. The hummus is really good and actually tastes homemade, not like the store bought brands. The salads are filled with seasonal ingredients and each entree you can tell is made with quality products and so much care. There are a lot of vegetarian options on the menu if that's what you are looking for. The rice that comes with each dish is so good and perfectly cooked and we love the cugurt sauce!Everytime we have gone to the restuarant and taken a friend for the first time they rave about the food as well.The prices of the entrees are a little high, but each dish easily feeds two people. You get plenty of food for the price.
5	Back to Persian Garden for lunch.  I think I could eat the mirza farangee every day.  My kids had the falafel pita, and said it was the best falafel they'd ever had.  Really lovely  Persian baklava and Turkish coffee to end the meal.  Perfect!
5	Great Mediterranean food! Nice atmosphere, I loved the tapestries, and authentic Persian rugs. My gyro pita dish came out delicious. I recommend this place to everyone who wants to go out to an authentic Mediterranean restaurant.
4	My wife and I ended up at the Persian Garden Cafe after our first choice closed early unbeknownst to us. So we looked out our next best option and we figured, "What the heck. Let's give this place a try." First and foremost, the owner/ host/ chef was extremely friendly.  He greeted us with smiles and the warmest welcome for a restauranteur we've had in a long time. We love middle eastern food, but this was a little different from our standard, so he helped us understand what's on the menu and gave us a clear understanding of the specials. We ended up ordering a mixed appetizer combo plate and a special that was a lamb stew. The presentation was very nice, and again the owner/  host/ chef actually served the stew from a really old cool looking metal pot deal. It was quite elaborate and I enjoyed it thoroughly. The dinner prices were a bit high, but we certainly got tomorrow's lunch out of the meal. It appears that lunch may be quite a bit less expensive. The food was very good, and I highly recommend giving the Persian Garden Cafe a try if you haven't yet.
5	It is hard to find good Arabic food in this area, but Persian Garden Cafe is doing a great job.  When I entered, I was treated with excellent service.  They pointed me in the right direction as far as what to order, being that their menu looked very American.  It was hard to find the dishes that I love because most of them were given American names.  When I left with my take-out, I could not wait to dig in! I even had a few bites in the parking lot.  Their tabbouleh was top-notch and was served with lettuce leaves.  The lettuce leaves are not garnish- you scoop a bunch up with your leaf and eat it that way.  It is a cool, crunchy food that is wonderful on a hot day.  I also ordered a falafel pita, which was spot-on and delicious!
5	The food here is delicious! There is so much flavor and different textures in the food. I often order my usual, the Spinach Herb burger with lentil soup to go. It is perfect every time. I always get the cinnamon iced tea which is really good.  I've also had the Spanikopita and  the veggie stir fry. Both were amazing!
1	This may be the best restaurant in all of the Phoenix metro area. It might surpass all of the hottest places to eat around here on the weekend. But it's not Persian. No more than say...mcdonalds. They had grilled cheese. Yep. First thing that warned us when we got there was the sign talking about this was one of their lunch specials. They had falafel. Falafel is middle eastern Arabic thought to have originated from Egypt. Persians are not Arabs. So not Persian food.They had gyros. Gyros are Greek. Even farther off (but closer than grilled cheese). They DID have chicken kababs but you could tell they weren't any more Persian than some chicken I throw on the grille. I hated to give this place a low review because we didn't eat there. But we did drive all across town to eat there only to find out they have zero persian Food. No koobideh. No barg kabab.
5	The service is a little slow but the people are so nice and the food is so delicious it's totally worth it!
5	Lots of Vegan/Vegetarian Options. Owner is very friendly and seems genuinely appreciative of your business. Service is excellent. Portions are huge.Have tried the Merza and Kookoo, Spinach Burger (comes with a generous salad), vegetable stews, purple shoots and Mediterranean salad. All are very tasty! The cinnamon tea is delicious and sweet with a slight kick.We're Vegetarian/Vegan, but our guest had various meat entrees and said they were very flavorful as well.If you're picky, I'm sure you could find some fault with this restaurant, but in the half dozen times we have been there, we never have.Quality of the food has always been excellent and the price is fair for the generous portion sizes.Highly recommend if you're looking for something different, like friendly service and tasty food!
3	Went for lunch today. Decide to try something new. Food was good, not very salty, on the healthier side of spectrum.I personally was expecting the food to have a little more robustness when it comes to flavor. I had the eggplant pita, my coworker had the lamb stew.
5	My husband, toddler, and I went here on Mother's day recently and we were so happy we did! The food and service were impeccable. The restaurant was very clean and they were so nice and accommodating to my 18 month old.  Between all of us we got; Turkish coffee, spinach burger, gyro plate, mango ice cream, and baklava. Everything was delicious! We will definitely be back.
5	I've eaten here twice in 1 week and ordered the same dish twice. Spudburger with spices and herbs over basmati & yellow rice and a side salad. Everything is fresh and bursting with flavor. My husband who loves meat found the food as delicious as I did.The menu consists of meat, but I would say the food is primarily vegetarian and vegan.Other reviewers said this place is not Persian food. Honestly, they can call it whatever they want as long as they keep making the food scrumptious.
4	Great hummus and great falafel sandwiches the prices are great and the restaurant is friendly. Try the baklava it fresh and really good
1	Because no stars was not an option. Traveled from north phoenix because of the reviews....735 on friday night and they're locked up. No lights on. According to the information here, they should be open. Peace out!
3	With the short business hours and high prices charged for entrees, I'm not sure how this place has stayed in business so long.  Maybe it's because there are a mix of things on the menu - both mediterranean and not so mediterranean.There are daily specials and you can get:- fresh extracted carrot juice- hummus and baba ghanouj- tofu- soups and salads- salmon- shrimp- chicken- gyros and kabobsMy fave is the Merza and Kookoo which is spinach herb patty alongside stuffed grilled eggplant.  It's a little oily but not overly spiced so what you taste is actually the food.  This platter will make you $20 lighter so given that, the Garden Cafe is probably not a restaurant that I'll eat at all the time.
4	I could eat the lentil soup for breakfast, lunch and dinner!They are now offering a meal plan....delivered!  God, help me.
3	The Americhix chicken pita was good, nothing special though. They are getting three stars for being slow to bring out our food. We waited about 30 minutes for our food on a not-so-busy Wednesday lunch. Also they charge 0.75 cents for water.. So Meh.. Its alright.
5	Great place for VEGANS and meat-eaters!!! Everyone is so nice and helpful with choosing options, even desserts. Location is okay, wish they were in the East Valley though. We will definitely be going back again.
4	I pass this place on my way to the office and stopped in to finally check it out.Its decorated in a nice Persian stile with tapestry and wall art to sooth the mood. They have a small outdoor patio that its very nice this time of year and off the main road for some privacy.I had some hummus and a gyro plate (as you all know I'm a sucker for) both very good, however the hummus was a bit bland for what I'm used to, but still made fresh. The gyro was fantastic with Persian spice and came with vegetables and pita slices. I wish the pita slices were still in pocket form to make a sandwich out of, but I'm sure this can done if you ask ahead of time.The staff was very friendly and accommodating, keep my glass full, and made sure I had everything I needed. This place is perfect for vegetarians or those on special diets.I will be back again!
2	Food is okay but the price is Very expensive.   Before you order, better you check the prices. Even the best Persian restaurant in the usa does not have such prices.
5	Persian Garden Cafe is my favorite Mediterranean/Persian/Iranian restaurant in Phoenix, hands down.  When I attended Phoenix College it was perfect for me to run over for lunch.. I'm sad I can't make it in more often now that I live and go to school in Scottsdale. My absolute favorite dish is the spinach burger. Everything is home made and even though the full menu is not vegan, they have a huge vegetarian/vegan portion of the menu. Their hummus is the best hummus I have ever had. I have sent so many friends to your restaurant and they all give rave reviews as well.  i love you persian garden!
