5	Amazing as Expected!!! Same great food with more room and outside dining!! Boylan Birch Beer and Cherry Popper...great combo!! Daughter loved the chicks in Broadway and she said the bathrooms were decorated nice!!ha she's only 3
5	If you liked the the original SkinnyFats, you'll love this place!  Same amazzzzing food with way more space.  There is an incredible vibe and the staff was super helpful and friendly.   I'm very excited for them!  And for me!!! Congrats!
5	Skinny Fats is amazing...this is their 2nd location and I couldn't be more thrilled because it is closer to my house..The food is amazing...staff is well trained and very much into serving their customers...Love it!
5	Amazing! Something for everyone, Healthy or Indulgent. I can only think of one negative thing to say, NEED MORE SPACE! This place is going to do great and will be busy.  Finally a awesome place to eat in the neighborhood!
5	Absolutely love this place!   I loved the original location and this one is only better. It's still small and first come, first serve on the tables.. but it is bigger and they have a nice patio for additional seating outside.  I've also been told that this location will soon serve beer and wine as well!   :-)I've been slowly working my way through the menu and have yet to try anything that wasn't delicious!  Their food is so unique and I love the healthy options!
5	THANK YOU! You're open right behind my house. Now I can walk or even crawl to acquire the best french toast I've had in years. If you haven't been here already, GO HERE. They have a Healthy Side and the naughty, 'Happy Side'. I've tried almost everything, they've added some new things which is always refreshing. (Breakfast/Lunch all day, errday)This place is going blow everything around it out of the water, hands down. Super friendly staff, always clean atmosphere, I am so happy!
5	Hopefully you are reading this review because you are like me when I say SkinnyFats might be my new religion, if you are reading it to determine if you should go visit SkinnyFats you are wasting your time and should be already driving there. I do not have one bad thing to say about this place. The food is consistently good (both locations). We went two nights in a row because we just can't get enough. The first night we dined at this location we had the pleasure of sitting next to the parents of the executive chef. We were able to meet the chef and shake his hand to congratulate him. Chef Josh Green is by far the sickest chef when it comes to flavor combinations. Everything we have tried has left us looking like Sally from the diner scene in When Harry met Sally. Our favorites are Tu nuts, Happymess, and chix on Broadway. We have full intentions on trying everything  on the menu.
5	My wife and I really liked the original location. We are loving their new one. The food is just as good and the atmosphere is amazing. We've had Jessica as our sever/cashier about four times and she's always happy, patient and accommodating. The outdoor dining experience was probably my favorite part of their beautiful new location. Now that it's across the street from my workplace I'll be able to enjoy this wonderful establishment more often. The New hours really work for me too. Great job guys!
5	This is the best thing to come to the south west part of town.   Healthy foods and beautifully decorated!  They have a great choice of natural sodas and great teas.My family and I can come here multiple times a week and never have a bad batch of food.   Customer service is always great, and they do an amazing job keeping the place very clean.  I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone.My favorite dishes are Berry The Steak, Meltdown, Sweet Cheese Us, Cherry Bomb, and plenty more!
5	Super friendly and attentive staff! The food was great. The location is funky and chill, loved the outdoor patio space.
5	I love the outdoor patio! I had the Tu-nuts and my partner had a burrito. Both were really good! Everything else on the menu sounds really good too so I'm looking forward to trying everything else here!
5	Love love love this place.   So happy they decide to open up a location here on the west side.    Delicious food,  helpful and friendly employees,  and a wonderful atmosphere.  I love the outside patio and seating they have created.  Healthy and delicious food and at  reasonable price.   .
5	Every other restaurant is dead to me now. This place is on a whole other level in every aspect.
5	skinny FATS is  my new go too lunch place...   they have a great selection of healthy and less healthy entrees.   the happy side of the menu has a bunch of things you know   the flavors of everything have have had are very strong and well mixed...with a skinny fats twist..the presentation was fabulous.  this location also addressed the 2 biggest problems with the original spot...it is significantly larger and easier to find..bottom line...this place is a must try for anybody who like or even thinks they like food!!!!
4	I am SOOOO excited that there is a SkinnyFATS on the west side of town!!! The new location is beautiful and spacious, and has a lovely patio/outdoor area as well.Aside from a long-ish wait to place my order, and a long wait for food to be delivered, everything was great! It was a busy Sunday, so I totally understand the wait time. The food is delicious, and the staff very friendly. I only order from the Happy side of the menu, cause I am an inner fattie, but of course they have their healthy options as well. I didn't love the Benny of the day as much as I did some of the others, but it still was tasty. The Cherry Popper burger is amazing as always. Prices for entrees range from $10-$12 on average. I also love that the drink cups are reusable- I've got quite the collection of SkinnyFATS cups at home!I will definitely be back- again and again!
5	Yassssss, SKINNYFATS in my neighborhood. So damn good. Nom nom nom. Outdoor seating arrived just in time for the excellent weather we will be having shortly. Beautiful atmosphere & delicious food.
5	LOVED IT. Healthy, Happy, VERY hard to find a place that is healthy, good, quick, friendly, and tasty. I'm here on business and have eaten here at least once a day since finding it. Excellent fresh pressed juice, great ahi cucumber boat, and everything I've tried has been great. I actually expect it to continue to improve along the way since they ask for feedback.Wish this place was in LA...
4	The first time I reviewed this place, I gave it a 5 star. I am changing up my review a little and lowering it to 4 stars as in the recent times I have been there, I have realized this place is not worth a perfect rating. The food here is really good. I have yet to have a bad meal or regret when ordering off the menu. My boss absolutely loves this place as he eats here about 2-3 times a week. The prices here are more than they should be. I could get 2 burritos at my favorite Chipotle for the price of one meal here.  And I am unsure how healthy the healthy side is. Besides that, the workers here are great. This place is always busy and they move quick to serve all of them. Try this place out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Love me some Skinny Fats! Super great, fresh, healthy food! The service is great and the outdoor patio area is a special treat....a little bird told me that soon mimosas, wine and beer will be served from the Cold-Press area next door. I'm so happy you're in my neighborhood and right next door to my Reiki Spa Las Vegas booth at Sola Salons! I'll be visiting often! xoxo
5	As usual you can't go wrong with this second location. Just stopped in yesterday for a late lunch with my husband & daughter & had another great meal. I ordered the UnBRIElievable which was perfection! My husband ordered the Chix on Broadway & my daughter had the kids quesadilla. We also ordered the smooth immunity shake which was amazing.
5	Everything we ordered was soooo good. Can't wait to come back to try the other items on the menu.
5	Where is the button for 100 stars? Seriously so good. I've been here 3 times, 3 days in a row and I can't get enough. It's always busy which is kind of a downer however it is so worth the wait!!! The ahi sirachi tacos are absolutely to die for along with every thing else I've tried. If you care at all about your stomach and your taste buds you will do yourself the favor and get some skinnyfats!
5	Excellent new location.   Much larger than the original.  Good size portion of food and everything thus far 6 visits has been flawless.  Parking is lacking.  5 star all the way around
5	I love this place. I come here almost on a daily basis after work every night. The menu is diverse and fresh. It's fast and the quality is better than most restaurants. Highly recommend.
5	Woooooooooow is all I have to say. I had the Greek dish and my husband had the naked chix and let me tell you we did not speak at all... That's how delicious the dish was. The young man at the cashier really took his time to explain the menu to us since it was our first time. He deserves a raise by the way. Excellent customer service. I will return over and over again...
5	I was a fan of the first one and now I'm a fan of the second one.I cannot even fathom my excitement when I found out a SkinnyFATS was being opened on the Southwest part of the Valley not to mention this location was going to be almost TWICE as big.The menu hasn't changed, but the decor definitely has improved. There's an outside seating area and a cool "high table" where the chairs are made of crates and pillows are stacked on. This place is definitely a good date night location especially if you're able to land a table outside because of the lights. If you're not a fan of the outside, don't worry.. You can seat yourself inside in front of their huge projector television screening.I love this restaurant and will return shortly. (If you want a more detailed review, please refer to my SkinnyFATS review off their Industrial location)
5	wide variety of deliciousness that one can only savor with every bite. prices are reasonable and the ambiance is simply awesome!tried the chicken/waffles yesterday and it was really good. waffles were soft and yet crunchy, chicken were tender, fresh and juicy!today, im having the nice chix. the mango salad combined with yogurt dressing on the side was fabulous! seared chicken is delish as expected!cant wait to try something different tom!this is my new fave place for sure!
5	Very cool new place in the southwest that was in desperate need of a restaurant like this! Great concept, food was really good with an array of selections healthy and not. Decor was very inviting and fun and on top of it all the staff was extremely friendly and helpful! Will definitely recommend and return to enjoy other items!
5	My first time ever at a skinnyfat and I was sold on this being my favorite and I can't wait to go back. I told the guy at the registrar it was my first visit and he was more then happy to explain the menu to my family and make recommendations. Sure enough we ordered 3 of the items he explained and they were amazing. The decor is unique and all the staff extremely friendly and I felt they all cared about the food, guests and their restaurant. I've been in the service industry for years and when the staff shows passion for what their doing it really has an effect on the atmosphere. I'm originally from southern Cali and this place feels like home like it belongs on the beach!
5	Great location, same favorite restaurant, so much bigger, patio seating and soon...  beer!  Everything here is healthy or makes you happy!  Do grab a menu to peruse.  Order at the counter.  Sit and take the menu with you because you will be returning.  Everyone is indecisive on their first five visits.  The menu is that interestingly mouth-watering.  I've been to their original location three times and now here twice and still...  not found a favorite dish, as i want everything on the menu!  Friendly, helpful staff.  Very clean and new.  Love this place.  Monkey do:  BERRY STRONG WAFFLE-(ww waffle, strawberries, mint yogurt, mini cranburkey patties)- THE best breakfast item here!  Monkey do ToGo:WRAP SUPASTAR- (chicken, egg whites, avocado, pico & spinach in WW tortilla w/cajun cilantro lime yogurt)- filling fantastic and full of protein.  Kinda different with pico smothered on the outside.  i had hoped to pick it up and eat it burrito-style.  POCKET JACKS-(2 WW protein pancakes, w/agave bananas & turkey bacon)- good pancakes, bananas great.  agave bad.  would prefer real maple syrup, but still, good pancakes.
5	Uh can I say it's amazing that skinnyfats is so close to me?! Yes! Although we went during opening weekend and the to go was crazy. Yes we did to go but it was still worth the wait. It was my husband's first time there and we both ordered the Chix on Broadway. I think I liked it more the second time around if that's even possible. For $10 the sandwich is well worth it. The chicken is huge and I can never finish all of it which you know is a rare occasion for this girl.Overall, the take out was pretty easy and once they get running more they will take online orders. This place is a must try for everyone!
5	I love this place! Walk in, place your order, take your number to the table, grab your beverage, and they will deliver your delicious order to your table.  The left side of the menu is the healthier stuff and the right side is the "cheat day" not as healthy stuff. Great outdoor patio dining with lots of seating. The food is consistent and the employees are always happy and helpful. They are always cleaning and on top of things. The vibe and artwork make this place unique and set it apart from your everyday boring chain style dining. Prices are affordable and food is addictive and tasty. Thumbs up!!! : ) Favorites are Slow Boat to China and the Flat Chix and Greens. Yes, the salt and pepper shakers are adorable.  They have legs and choose not to run away so leave them on the tables where they live.  Let me say this again, don't be a scumbag and steal the salt and pepper shakers...buy your own!They have a delicious looking kids menu for the little ones.
5	I have been wanting to try SkinnyFATS for a very long, long time but never got around to going! When I saw a location had opened in my area, I pretty much decided it was destiny & marched right over there. After dying over the yelp pictures of the tu-nuts, I decided to try that and ohmygod. It was genuinely one of the best things I have ever eaten. Fresh, tasty & simply amazing. Truffle fries: also yum. Delicious food aside, the restaurant itself has such a nice atmosphere and the outside patio is awesome. Also, the staff was incredibly attentive & friendly. I was also really happy to hear other customers in the restaurant talking about how much they loved the food too. Major kudos to you SkinnyFATS!
5	WOW!Everything about this establishment is just Amazing. The concept, the level of service, the quality of food, the comforting interior... I have never seen so many happy employees before! I also love the new bigger location as it accommodates a higher volume of customers without a crammed pack feel SkinnyFATS knows whats up, they are doing it right! The Food; Presentation, quality, and creativity 10/10 I have enjoyed several items off both sides of the menu and everything is so superb, the Ahi Tacos, The Chix On Broadway, the Monkey Pancakes, Bomb Diggity Blt, and it seems like every time I come in they have a new limited release special thats always amazing! This Place Rocks, I hope this new Location continues to succeed!
5	I'm so excited SkinnyFATS opened another location that is much more convenient (for me)!  I have been here a couple of times with my 2-year-old and she loves it.  She loves the peanut butter smoothie and sweet potato fries.  The first time at this location, I got the chickhumm, which is a chicken breast sandwich with hummus and sprouts.  Skinny side.  It was good, but not oh-my-gosh.  I've learned that I need to only get stuff from the fat side!The last time I went there, I got the sweet cheesus, which is a steak sandwich with nacho cheese and hot peppers.  Totally more my style!  I sent my hubby here and twice he got stuff from the skinny side and said it was decent but not excited to go back.  I told him that he needs to get stuff from the fat side, obviously!  I mean, I'm glad they have those options, but we eat healthfully at home usually, so I'm just going to continue only getting from the "happy" side.  :)It is open until 11pm, which is great for us, because we can pick stuff up after work (hubby works late and it's hard for us to get food after 10pm).  For that, we are thankful!  Also, the price is very affordable.  I'd rather spend $12 on an OMG sandwich than go to Subway late and spend $6 on bleh.Thanks, SkinnyFATS, for making yummy food available in the SW and open late enough for us to enjoy!  We will likely be here once a week.  Even the kid keeps asking, "Are we gonna go to SkinnyFATS, Mommy?"
3	The food is fantastic, but the size of the fresh made juice cups are smaller than the original location, at the same price, and it's noticeable!! I genuinely love SkinnyFats and this was pretty disappointing.
3	I went to the original skinny fats several times and loved it but this one is two streets away so I figured I'd check it out! I got the same thing I always get the cherry popper burger. Honestly I was so disappointed. It did not taste half as good as the ones I've had at the other location, which really bummed me out.
5	This location is much larger than the original, I love the open air design much more comfortable seating and a beautiful patio area.
5	This was my first time at the new location. I love this location - the inside decor was so cute! The "grassy" areas outside were a really nice touch. I went during lunch time so it was not crowded. When it was my turn to order, I was still struggling to pick something to eat. The lady at the counter really helped my boyfriend and I in picking something delicious even though it took maybe ten minutes haha She was very patient and smiled the whole time. My friend had accidentally ordered something wrong and the waiter was really accomodating in making it right and making sure she enjoyed her meal.
4	This place was pretty good I got there version of the cheese steak and it was really on point, The wife got the chicken and waffels not so good, I will deffinetly come back to try something else, good vibe good service, down side was only outside seating in the sun was left and portions were a bit small, oh and no regular type soda like coke they have there version of cola that tasted weird to me
5	From 125 th street to Roscoes in L.A. I've had several versions Of Chicken n Waffles. Beautifully done and simple decor, good tunes and a genuine super friendly staff just added to the flavor of the food. The chicken was seasoned and crispy just right ; along with an awesome Waffle with just the right amount of Syrup.
5	First timer was fantastic can taste the quality of the food. Breakfast burritos wraps truffle fries everything was superb.Hats off the amazing crew working there. I completely spaced on asking for her name I do apologize . I had accidently ordered to the other location and instead of just sending me away she offered to call the store on my behalf and cancel my order while getting a full refund as well as recieving the food I had originally ordered in less than 15 minutes . They are definitely setting a standard for customer service.
5	I have been wanting to try SkinnyFats other location for a while, so I was pumped when I saw this one was opened closer to my house!We were greeted immediately, and asked if we had any questions, staff was very friendly. I ordered a Cranburkey Burger with a side of fruit, and my lunch pal ordered the Nice to Greek You flatbread. We both got fountain drinks and it was around $25, not bad! I loved the decor, very bright and hipster/yuppie which I'm all about. I also loved that their fountain drinks were cane sweetened Boylan soda!! Awesome! And their cups are re-useable/dishwasher safe! We sat outside and it was so comfy and nice. It would be awesome at night with the twinkle lights they have strung up. The flatbread was a nice size, my companion didn't leave hungry, or overly full. Good toppings ratio, nice presentation. My burger was great, I wish I had thought to add cranberries at home! The bun was delicious too. I appreciated that the burger wasn't loaded with salt, like at so many other restaurants, and the bun wasn't slathered in butter, but was still moist. We would definitely come back here, both the healthy and happy sides of the menu looked delicious, and I LOVE the concept!!
2	Not as impressed with this location as the other one. The food was not as good, especially the steak in the #Merica. The patio is very bright in the morning because the sun is shining directly on top of you. So not very pleasant and with their little seating inside. They originally charged me $6 for my kid's chocolate milk. Not a shake just milk with chocolate syrup. Then when I brought it to their attention they only refunded me two dollars. Meaning I paid $4.00 the same price as a kids shake. I always thought the prices were high but this was ridiculous. The only reason they get two stars is because of their cool cups. I love them take them home and use them all the time.
5	5 stars! There is nothing bad I can say about this place! They have a healthy side of the menu and a happy side of the menu. I always vary it up between both sides. The sweet cheeseus is amazing. Chick a waffledopolous is to die for and they have healthy and happy shakes. This place is for the average eater the healthy eater as well. They also serve breakfast all hours of the day.I have to give it 5 stars because there's nothing wrong I can find with this place.
5	So there is nothing I can say but OH MY GOSH THIS PLACE IS HEAVEN ON EARTH! I ate here and felt likens was on an episode of good eats or a food network special! The combination of ingredients on the fatty menus is nostalgia mixed with sensory overload! Literally my taste buds exploded! The skinny menu was equally as delicious and made me feel like I was cheating even though I wasn't! The atmosphere is amazing and the staff was friendly! They even had healthy items I could feed my 2 yr old that has a horrible dairy and gluten allergy! Hands down I was impressed!I recommend the chicken and waffles on the fatty menu! The chick with mango chuten and basil yogurt dip is amazing on the skinny menu! But seriously you can't go wrong!The best part about this place is there is something for everyone. The patio was comfortable and was dog friendly! I will definitely go back and being friends!
5	Trying the infamous "Tu-Nuts" on the happy side suggested by Ashley and Trillion! Best service I had in a long time, it's refreshing :)
4	So glad this place opened by my house. Never had the chance to go to the one on Dean Martin because it was far away. The food is delicious! The cherry popper is my favorite thing on the menu! The buff chix were good too. The staff is extremely friendly and always greeting and saying good bye to customers. The ONLY reason I'm giving 4 stars is because when I got there, they were out of every soda on tap :'( I was really looking forward to the cream soda. But other than that issue it would be a 5 star place!!!
5	Good food and i was real impressed with angelica she was attentive and kind. They are a friendly staff with cool food. I will return for more goodies and the cookies are awesome!!!
5	A must try in Vegas. I get something different every time I go and still to this day have not came across something I didn't like. 5 stars easily
4	I've been waiting for this moment for all my life    A second skinny fats!! And down the street from my office. This has to be heaven. I've already become a regular and I don't intend to quit. I even sent out a mass email in the office and almost everyone has been to try it. Apart from the food I'd have to say my favorite part of this location is the layout. So much more room and gotta love the outside! If I could I'd eat outside all day every day. The furniture is of course cleverly recycled pallets. It's a great atmosphere all around. Although I'm a bit upset they took away my favorite chopped salad I've ventured out onto the healthy side of the menu. One of my favorites has to be the hummus chicken sandwich which has sprouts on it. HUMMUS AND SPROUTS!!  If you haven't been to the new location, check things out for yourself.
4	Found this place on Yelp, it's near my friend's house. Came here for brunch over the weekend before driving back to LA, we got the s'motherload, which is loaded with shaved beef, sausages, eggs and potatoes in a wrap, kinda like a breakfast burrito. That thing is quite delicious! The only complain is that I think it had a bit too much potatoes. Carb overload.Also got a veggie healthy drinks, absolutely delicious. Can't remember the name of it, but I think it contains carrots, ginger, and celery, there are more for sure.Also got a latte before I go, maybe I'm just very picky with coffee,  it's just not strong enough, maybe a bit too much milk.
5	Awesome staff, food, and atmosphere. It has a healthy side and a happy side. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Best place in this area by far.
3	Been here twice now.  The 1st time I ordered: Sweet Cheese Us- sorry was not impressed.  Did not taste or see any meat.  It was tasteless and boring.  It tasted more burnt and charred then anything.  I threw half of it away.  Couldn't even bring myself to eat it and not let it go to waste. Flat Chix & Greens- was good.  The caper vinaigrette (sooo good!) and balsamic reduction went perfectly with the salad.  I finished the whole thing.  2nd time I ordered: Wrap Supastar-  looked really good but was also tasteless.  I had to season it with salt and pepper.  The chicken tasted like it was boiled, wish it had some flavor to it.  Luckily the cajun cliantro lime yogurt sauce was tasty so that helped.  Won't be ordering this again. So far both my experiences has been just ok.  I would go back.  But next time I will order french toast, pancakes, or waffle.  Maybe the sweets will be better.
5	In an industrial area. Nice people,clean and delicious food! Went there for breakfast. We had  the smother load (burrito), hashtag America (steak and gravy) and drunkenmonkey (pancakes). Wish we had more people with us so we could order more variety! Oh, they had a healthy side of the menu too ...im sure it would be good too lol
5	I have been to Skinny Fats 4 times in two weeks...Love this place!  The staff is very friendly, the food is off the charts and the vibe is just what we need in Las Vegas!!  I have ordered off of both menus and everything has been delicious.  I highly recommend the "Slow boat to China"!  This place is great!!
5	Crazy menu, but it works.  Everyone is very friendly greeting you when you arrive and when you leave.  Food was delivered quick and best of all was the Charlie Brown Shake (Nutella and Banana). As Arnold says, "I'LL BE BACK!!!"
3	I have never been accused of being "hip". In fact, having used the word hip in a sentence probably indicates how far off I am. But I've been around long enough to know that our attention starved society thrives on the mindless pursuit of trendy behavior that leap-frogs from fad to fad in a desperate attempt to stay relevant in a culture where being odd is more highly valued than being - well, just about anything else.Traditionally, this type of pursuit has never served the restaurant industry well. Most attempts to shake up the culinary comforts of the nation as a whole have failed with spectacular results. Even those few dubiously places who manage to grab the attention of the culinary media, with a spotlight on some cable food program, usually end up falling out of fashion as fast as they rose into it. Trying to be different in the culinary scene is never as successful as trying to be better. There is a reason places like Franklin Barbecue in Austin Texas have people standing in line for hours every single day, they serve better barbeque than anyone else - in a place that saturated with barbeque. You could try and recreate barbeque in Texas - I mean, it's a stupid idea, but you could try. You might even get Guy Fieri to stop by on his road show, or have Adam Richman try to inhale 20 lbs of Macedon brisket in 15 minutes. If you do, chances are you will have massive success in your new stupid adventure (for a short time at least). But after your 15 minutes of culinary fame have ended and Guy no longer answers your phone calls, what you'll be left with is a small but dedicated troupe of regulars that can't afford to keep your stupid alternative barbeque restaurant in business.Trendy but doomed restaurants are usually very easy to spot. Take for example this place called SkinnyFATS. See what they did there? Clever huh? They took skinny AND fat, and put them together in one place - - hash-tag: mind-blown - POW! I wish I could explain to you how SkinnyFATS dichotomy of culinary concepts works, how the fat and the skinny are magically brought together in one revolutionary concept, but - well, I have no idea. And from the looks on the faces of everyone else standing in line, they didn't know either.You see, SkinnyFATS fancies themselves as being on the leading edge of cool, hip, trendy (whatever you want to call it) culinary fashion. So much so, that their menu is a clusterf**k of confusion - "I mean a literal clusterf**k of confusion." You see the name of the menu item, and read through the entire description under of its ingredients, and you still have no idea that they are talking about a stupid burger. I wasted an ungodly amount of time on the skinny side of the menu, and didn't figure a single thing out. In fact, the only thing I am sure SkinnyFATS has on their menu is a burger with cherry peppers, because that's what I ordered (of course, I had to confirm it was a burger first).Now listen, the burger was really good! I mean it, I enjoyed it immensely. I will probably go back at some point, although I am not certain I will ever order anything else off the menu, just for fear of having an aneurysm trying to discover what it really is.As for the trendiest of trendy culinary fashions on their menu, the truffle fries - well, they just plain suck. I mean it, stay away!  It's not real truffle oil, it's not made from truffles at all. It's a nasty chemical concoction that is made from petroleum and some cheap oil, and it tastes like crap. The fact that a single gram of truffle costs around $26 should alert you to how obviously fake these fries are.The staff appear to be enjoying their time as the cool kids on the block, they have an air of superiority that is well deserved, since they are most likely the only people who know how to translate the menu. Don't get me wrong, they are the "friendly" cool kinds on the block - they're not likely to pull your shorts down to your ankles and laugh at you, but their collective indifference is plastered across their faces. Usually this type of unfriendly customer service is a result of being forced to labor for less than a living wage under greedy owners, but I'm only guessing - maybe young people just hate work all together. I am not disappointed in SkinnyFATS, in fact I appreciate the fact that they have chosen a moniker that is the culinary equivalent of a book with a picture on the cover of a muscular man (with long flowing hair) holding a woman (with a 12 inch waistline) in his arms - it pretty much sums up what's inside.
4	Really unique menus. One half of the menu is healthy food and the other half is not so much. All of it is really good and reasonably priced. I would go more often if it were closer to the northwest. Hard to swallow a 30 min drive for it. But if I'm in the area, I'll hit it up again!
4	Some of their items are a little hit or miss and SkinnyFATS can get pricey pretty quickly, but the quality of the food is hard to argue against. I had a waffle sandwich my last time out here, definitely a Happy side special, but it still wasn't so bad. While it was supposed to be a pumpkin chicken waffle sandwich, there wasn't much in terms of pumpkin flavor. That being said, the flavors were excellent.My friend got the naked chix, which was pretty good with the mango sauce, but the rice is rather plain. However, we mixed in a bunch of habanero chili sauce with our order of truffle fries and the rice and everything got tastier!I've enjoyed SkinnyFATS before, but the new location is both roomier and easier to get to for the majority of people. Their layout is fresh and modern, with a nice outdoor area really adding to the amount of people they can handle. I look forward to visiting more often now that the location is more convenient.
5	I've been here multiple times now, and WOW. Always an enthusiastic welcome from all staff and the food is excellent. Everything is made to order & selection is awesome. Very hip interior, especially for a quick bites place. Definitely a new favorite.
4	Yummy!
5	Happy this one opened close to home!! Love everything about this place-from breakfast to dinner. Oh, and the twinkly lights outside. Soooo happy!
3	I like the new spot in the southwest, much cuter than the dean Martin location especially for the outside seating and lights.  Super cute inside. If it's cold and windy out don't sit by the door at the communal table cause people come in and out and you get everything blown over every few minutes which is annoying.  The communal table is cute though with the pallet stools.Ordered Two things one yummy one not. The ahi tuna was delicious! The whole lot of mess fries not so much, too dry for me.  Lots of different things on the menu so will definitely be back to try more.  Breakfast is next!
5	Started off with really friendly service. I had the "skinny" pancakes with banana agave. Delicious and extremely filling, and without the guilt, of course!  My friend had the Chicks on Broadway.  He gave the meal a 3. But, there are tons of options, so everyone will find something they love. I'll definitely be back.
4	Decided to finally check this place out. I was a little skeptical as I'm not a huge fan of going to "hipster" places. However, I am trying to find some other alternatives to somewhat healthier eating.We ordered the Cherry Popper burger, which had a nice kick from the cherry/banana peppers. The truffle fries came with the burger and were way overcooked and plain as hell. The Right Stuffed was a little bit of a let down, but when I reheated it at home, it tasted better... ?We also had an order of the Tu-Nuts, which had extremely fresh ahi. That dish had so many different flavors that tied together so well. I usually stay away from sweet potato fries because they usually taste terrible but their truffle version was fresh and not oily. I actually ordered another serving to take home. I definitely want to come back and try some of the breakfast items and juice/smoothie options. $8 for 21oz of juice sounds like a deal to me.
4	I've been hearing a lot about this place and finally came to try it. I had no idea its right down the street from me! The concept is neat.. Half the menu is healthy, the other half not.. It would have been interesting if they posted the calorie count as well, but they didn't.. I also had to resort to their online menu for pictures. The food looks amazing.. Wish they had pictures in the restaurant. **something to think about, owners!**Off the "Happy Menu" (unhealthy): We ordered the **CHEEZY PEEZY** which was extremely simple.. Flatbread with cheese and pepperoni.. But I liked it a lot.. Totally hit the spot.. It was my favorite item today actually.. We also got the **S'MOTHERLOAD** which is basically a really tasty steak breakfast burrito. The sauce that came on it was a tad spicy, and I loved it. The meat was juicy and tender and the eggs and potatoes were perfect.Off the "Healthy Menu" we got the **AHI SRIRACHI**. Not because it was healthy, but I didn't like this too much. The flavors were lost on the sweetness of this item. There are diced mangoes in this taco and it completely masks the spicy. Overall I'm really happy with this place! I'm already dying to come back to try the Chicken Waffle's among other items!Be back soon!!
4	Items Selected:Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis - Fried Chicken Tenders over a buttermilk waffleOne Eyed Monster - Brioche Bun Stuffed with Country Gravy, topped with Applewood Bacon and a fried eggDrunken Monkey Cakes - 3 Pancakes, glazed bananas, whipped cream, marshmallows, chocolate, Applewood BaconUnBRIElievable - Brioche French toast, brie, basil, strawberries, balsamic glazeWarm Chocolate Chip CookieWarm Oatmeal CookieNow open on Warm Springs Road with early morning hours starting at 7am it was finally on Saturday that curiosity led to breakfast at SkinnyFATS - a half-dozen item order that saw me seated next to owner Reed Slobusky as his front-of-house team of four worked diligently amidst newly refurbished digs of whimsically painted reclaimed wood rising high above concrete floors as tracks from Lorde played loud.Expectedly the first patron of the day as the doors unlocked it was with a short explanation of the "Live Healthy, Live Happy" concept that I was greeted on entry and after piecing together an order to be delivered in two courses a table was selected - College Gameday projected on one wall while a flatscreen displayed the same for those soon to form a line.Generally not one to dine-out healthy as my weekday consumption is essentially 100% 'clean' it was from the "Happy" side of the menu that breakfast began and with free WiFi plus an informative conversation with Mr. Slobusky helping to pass the time it was not long before the first round arrived; the juicy tenders atop a crisp yet pliable waffle pleasant yet predictable with pseudo-Maple syrup that unfortunately added little while the daily special "One Eyed Monster" proved a far more innovative concoction with smoky bacon adding just a bit of crunch to a breadbowl reinvention of traditional biscuits and gravy that likely won't find its way onto the Healthy side of the menu anytime soon.Moving on to more happy things as Reed discussed everything from On Strip expansion plans to Boylan's line of soda, course two began with a triple stack of buttery pancakes beneath an pile of bananas, whip, marshmallows, and chocolate that entirely delicious even without the aforementioned 'syrup,' and once again eschewing any semblance of dietary discretion its tablemate UnBRIElievable would offer the best bites of meal with the eggy brioche proving impressively crisp around a core of molten cheese and fresh berries with while fresh basil and reduced Balsamic provided an aromatic finish that lingered on the lips.Never one to invest in 'quick casual' or the kind to be caught off-guard craving a 'healthy' meal outside the home my appreciation of Mr. Slobusky's concept hinges largely on the fact that SkinnyFATS is a bit of an anomaly in the growing trend of 'quick and healthy dining that seems to be overtaking many local markets - not only because it is locally owned and operated, but also because it offers the sort of menu that is built to please all palates without seeming preachy or judgmental in the least.
5	Refreshing! If you're looking for a meal that won't weigh you down this is the place. Their menu has a healthy side and a happy side. I love the Ahi taco san. And the naked chix. So good and so filling.
5	Awesome place to eat! Happy that we don't have to go to the old location any more! Great food and awesome open seating!
5	SkinnyFATs is EVERYTHING. This place never disappoints. I love the new location. There is more seating so you don't have to wait for a table. The food is always fresh and the presentation is always very nice. I've never had anything that I didn't like. Every time I go I order something different. The special sodas are also a nice touch. Def try SkinnyFats if you have never been.
5	Amazing!! My Boyfriend and I love this place and go at least once a week! A must!!
5	Definitely give this my "Flamio Hawtman" review  definitely recommend this establishment if you're looking for good food that's good for you
5	Gotta love everything about this place. Great atmosphere on this new location with a lot of upgrades to their store. I am very surprised that this business hasn't expanded as fast as I expected it to when I first tried their dishes at the first location. I love how every meal is creative and unlike any other. This place has great personality and character. Brilliant concept of the names and the healthy vs. happy menus. I expect this business to grow and be franchised in many many states because of their business model. Put more effort into your business and you will stand out. Loved the #merica breakfast menu. I will be coming here atleast once a month. Good job. If you haven't been here yet, what are you waiting for?
3	Boyfriend ordered the Cherry Popper Burger well done. Cashier talked him into getting it medium well because "you can taste the flavor better." Burger came out somewhere between rare and medium. Not what you'd hope for if you prefer your burger well done. Major fail.I ordered Berry The Steak and there was barely any meat on it- just a couple quarter sized pieces if that and I couldn't even taste it. The bread it came on was fresh, soft and delicious however. Cute restaurant though and we want to come back to try other things.
4	Went here for the first time yesterday and for the most part was not disappointed at all. The staff was super friendly and helpful, so in my eyes that is always a plus. The menu had a lot of different options that could please just about anyone that walks into the door. The decor was what caught my eye the most. It was inviting and very interesting and just made me feel like I was at home. While the pricing for some things were a little high in my opinion, the quality of everything was very good.FoodCauliFire - 4 Stars - Needed a little more Cauliflower & a little less Buffalo SauceOne-Eyed Monster - 4 Stars - Just needed a little more seasoning.Bomb Diggity - 5 Stars - Nice Size Portion, Tons of FlavorChocolate Chip Cookie - 5 Stars - Served Warm which makes all cookies betterChocolate Strawberry Shake - 4 Stars - Needed a little more Strawberry flavorStrawberry Lemonade - 4 Stars - Needed a little more lemon/berry flavorOverall a very solid restaurant and will be back to try some new dishes.
5	The food was amazing and staff was friendly. It was our first time there and we will be returning. The staff handled a pain in the butt customer that sat near us very well.
4	I was pretty darn happy with my food and service. My only gripe is what happens when all the tables are full and you wanna eat, are you screwed? But anyway...I got the #Merica, great comfort food! The eggs were done perfectly, the gravy and biscuits were hearty and delicious. The chicken fried steak was juicy on the inside and crisp on the outside. Love their soda options too!My husband got The Meltdown with Truffle fries. He loved it. We both loved the crispy flavorful truffle fries (dip those in that country gravy...killer!)So thankful they are in our neighborhood. Prices aren't too bad for the amount of food and the quality. Service was fast and friendly. Love the decor of the restaurant. There is even an outside patio, but you can only get there through the restaurant, so no dogs allowed I'm sure:(We will be returning!
4	My favorite takeout! I'm so happy this opened near home because we were in desperate need of healthy fast food. As a busy mom of two and picky eaters in the house I needed a go-to place like this. Their menu is divided between healthy and not so healthy options ..hence the name skinny/fats. We normally order off the "skinny" menu and we've enjoyed everything on there. Their bowls, flatbreads and breakfast options are delicious. In addition, you feel great after eating them. Satisfying yet light!
4	MUCH BIGGER LOCATION and nicer too :D well same design overall but the seating arrangement is nice. I love the idea of having an outdoor seating (even though its getting quite cold now) but it would be great when its like.. mid 70s low 80s ! *heart* haha they have a good amount of seating (much more and spacious compared to original location) and also a huge table for those single go-ers or if you just like the bar height style seating ! coming to this location, its not a first time experience. but considering how close it is and convenient, my friend and I had determined to try something new every time we come here :D my favorite item - chix on broadway - Breaded chicken breast, BLT, cheddar, red onion & lemon herb aioli on brioche w/side - im actually not sure if this changed or it was maybe a 1 time thing or chef difference.... the chicken was bigger (not complaining) but a bit dryer and not as juicy and flavorful as i remembered... truffle fries... again i think it my be a location or 1 time thing... first time i ordered this, the fries were a bit soggy, and not as fresh/crisp. still love the availability of the jalepeno ketchup hahah XD chik-a-waff-a-dopolis - fried chicken tenders over buttermilk waffle - the fried chicken tenders were seasoned really nicely (similar to the chicken in chix on broadway) but the waffle was a bit of an upset. yeah its big but too firm. not as light and crispy as i had expected a waffle to be like. thewrap supastar - Chicken, egg whites, avocado, pico & spinach in a WW tortilla w/cajun cilantro lime yogurt - one of the first lighter menu items ive tried..... and it is definitely lighter ... in terms of calories (i think) and flavor... a bit bland actually... the cajun cilanto lime yogurt is not enough to eat with the entire wrap. finally got to sit outside for once but unfortunately it was getting cold (jacket weather) and they couldnt figure out how to turn on the gas space heaters (tip - low on propane.... Lol)after tryin the healthier side.. i might be a bit more biased than i already was towards the non... healthy side hahah XD !
5	LOVE Skinnyfats! I've been coming here since before this location opened and was so happy to hear that they were opening one less than 5 minutes away from my house! I love the concept of this place. The food is great and the staff is so friendly which makes my experiences 10x better! My personal favorites are the TBLT & Chickumm from the healthy side and Tunuts and Meltdown from the happy side. The cookies are also so yummy too! Skinnyfats is def. one of my favorite restaurants hands down.
5	I am so excited that this location is just around the corner from my home. I come here at least once a week since they have opened. The staff is pretty friendly and courteous. The food always come out good and the way I have come to expect it. The only thing I would say they would need to work on is their phone orders. I placed an order over the phone and there was a bit of confusion when I came to pick it up. Everything was resolved but they need a better system.
4	The food is really good but it's a little pricy. Like you should get more with what you paid for. They're really nice, nice customer service, it's such a nice environment to sit in and eat. It's clean and spiffy. Nice area to sit in, they have a really cool table that you can sit in. The only thing I had a problem with is, again, the price of the stuff but I guess it makes up for it in the taste of the food. I would def recommend people trying it. I don't see myself coming here a lot but it's worth trying.
5	I LOVE this place. The people are just overall great. They are welcoming, helpful, and if there is EVER a problem they will take care of it. I can't resist this place. The food is so fantastic, I hardly ever order off the set menu since they have a device on the counter with their newer creations. I love just about everything that I have tried. The only down fall (this is just my own taste buds) I don't care for the soda at this location. I am not accustom to the flavor and it didn't pull me in the fist time I tired it. Besides that I recommend this place to everyone, it is AWESOME!
3	I'm so disappointed... And I'm such a food lover. I've never been so disappointed on food before, lol.I ordered the nice to greek you $7 (gluten free). The picture looked so good and to die for on yelp so I ordered it. But as soon as I took that first bite. I didn't like it at all. Personally, it just doesn't go together on a flat bread. Thanks but no thanks, I'll stick to my greek salad. I also ordered the truffle fries and if you know me... I LOVE FRIES!!! But these fries were like really soggy and oily. Whyyyyyy???!!!? ): (In a whiny baby voice) and my chai tea... What the?? It was horrible! And I love chai tea. My chai tasted like water with a small tiny hint of chai flavor. Barely even there. Everyone I know raved so much on this place so I got high hopes. Ended up being disappointed big time. I gave it three stars because my little brother ordered this burrito and it was tasty. I was going to order his but I didn't feel like spending more money because I wasted my food. I'm glad my little twin brothers enjoyed their food. But mine was just Bleh. I will come back to try something different though.
4	My husband had the chicken and waffles, crispy fried chicken tenders on a thick buttermilk waffle. He liked them very much!I had the breakfast burrito, I can't remember the name they have for it, but we both ordered from the "happy" menu.My burrito was very good, thin cut pieces of steak, baby potatoes, eggs, onions, peppers wrapped in a soft flour tortilla and topped with a cheddar cheese sauce and pico...... Yummy!!!I am anxious to go back and try some other dishes I saw that looked great.
5	Yum! Hailing from San Diego and clearly unaware of the hip foodie scene in Vegas, I was dumbfounded when i stepped into SkinnyFATS. The interior is very unique with paintings all over the walls with quirky quotes and the whole place just had a very urban industrial-esque feel to it. Upon one glance at the menu, i could not hold my giggles in because all of the items have very funny and puntastic names.I finally decided on the "cherry popper" and my friend had the "#America". They were botj delicious! The cherry popper was a burger on a hawaiian bun with hot and sweet peppers and a bunch of other things i cannot remember anymore. But i just remember it being so good, especially with the truffle fries on the side. Delicious!But the star of SkinnyFATS has to be their soda bar. You will NOT find your typical sprite, coca cola, neste raspberry iced tea here. They have a soda bar full of old fashioned root beer, cola, orange soda, ginger beer, etc. My favorite was the cream soda! I filled my cup 3 times and my tummy was so full from soda that my friend ate half my burger! (The re-usable cups are a cute and environmentally friendly touch as well!)All in all, this place was a really great experience all around and I cannot wait to try other quirky items on the menu!
3	Walked in at 9:45 am.  Not busy, which was great.  The food was good, but we could not get past the un-bussed and unclean tables. (Notice to management- you had 3 servers/counter staff not seemingly busy)   We ordered the #Merica* - (shaved NY chicken fried steak, 2 biscuits and a side of 3 eggs), the S'motherload (steak, potato's , eggs, peppers, cheddar & pico wrapped in a tortilla with "Cajun cheese sauce), coffee, and a cold-pressed apple juice.   Husband says the apple juice deserves  5 stars itself! The #Merica was fine. We had to ask for a side of gravy as there was only a scant bit on each biscuit. The gravy had good flavor and the biscuits were good although slightly crispy. Their take on a breakfast burrito was much better. The sausage, sliced thin, was excellent!  I loved the potatoes as well. I have to say it would be better if there was a version without the steak and more potato, egg & sausage, which I'm betting they would do.  At the beverage bar they offered water with cucumber & lemon! Refreshing! If I could offer 3.5 stars I would based on the juice and pretty good food. We would totally comeback to give them another try - hopefully the tables will be wiped clean by then.  Cleanliness aside, the staff was pleasant and did check on us several times. P.S. Hallelujah! At 10:30, one of the staff started to clean the tables although it appeared that an owner or manager type had walked in.
5	I really like this place! Fast, friendly service and good food. I ordered the Liquid Defense cold pressed juice,Brussel Crowe  (Brussel sprouts, tomatoes & pepperoni )And the Truffle Fries. Everything was so good. I loved how the fries had a hint of mushroom taste. Very nice.
5	yummm. I went to this location last Sunday on my bday. let's just say... I highly recommend It. obviously I ordered off the happy side. and needless to say, I was happy with my food. I ordered a burger and my side was a cookie. the burger was so filling, I couldn't even make it to the cookie. the decor is vintage and has pinterest written all over it. with the old school light bulbs hanging down, to the wood covered walls and pretty bathrooms. my favorite part with the salt and pepper shaker shaped like and little man.
5	happy side! woohoo!!!!
5	First, I would like to say that I have always wanted to try SkinnyFATS for a long time! I had heard so many good things from my friends and it's something that is healthy!  That being said there were two things I really wanted to try: truffle fries and chick-a-waff-a-dopolis (chicken and waffles). Happy too say I got to try both because I went with friends and we sampled eachothers!I had ordered the chicken and waffles and was not disappointed at all! It looks small but omg! It was so filling and had so much! The chicken was so tender, it was cooked to perfection. My cousin order the buff chics which is buffalo chicken strips! That was so good and she had truffle fries which are the best!My other two friends ordered sweet things like the drunken monkey cakes, which is super sweet, big, and delicious, (it has bananas and marshmellows!) and unBRIEleviable, which had berries and Brie. I love Brie! Such a yummy brunch with the girls! I can happily say I will be coming back!
5	Yummy! I heard great things about it and was really wanting to try it so when they opened a new location right around the corner for me, I decided to go and give it a try. The decor is really cool and casual...the food is great...the staff sweet and fun! Well I think I just found my new favorite little everyday place!
5	Love it here. The new location is really nice and spacious and the staff is great as well. Everything I have ordered here is delicious, but the ahi sriracha taco is amazing!
5	We chose to eat here randomly to try something new. I was skeptical at first of its strange hipster menu and vibe. I was really not confident that we were going to ha e a good dining experience. The total was $47 for 3 adults and a baby. The soda fountain has their own brand of soda flavors, totally hipster and good tasting. The food came and my attitude changed. Everything was REALLY good, different and delicious. The 3 adults ordered from the "fat" side of the menu and I ordered from the "healthy" side for the baby although even the "fat" side was sort of healthy. I tried all 4 dishes that were ordered. We all left full and thinking that we will probably come back soon. I was impressed after being skeptical. That means a lot in my book.
2	I was so excited to try this place out because of all the hype and was kinda disappointed. First off the servings are pretty small according to their price, but I thought eh that's all "healthy" food joints. I got the chicken and waffles the healthy version, and the "nutella" shake that tasted nothing like nutella lol. Anyways, it was all okay, tasted good, but just not filling enough.  The worst part was that I went with my brother and his gf and we all got different things but each a shake and the next day we were all in the bathroom to say the least. I'm assuming it was old milk or something because that was the only thing we all got and we were all sick the next day. Not worth returning.
4	Great food! Had the meltdown with sweet potato fries. Service was good. It was way to cold outside to have the doors open though
5	Love this place! My husband and I eat here at least once a week. The menu has a ton of variety without skimping on taste. Not only is their food amazing but their customer service is fantastic! I highly recommend SkinnyFATS if you're looking for great food and a laid back ambience.
5	My family celebrated my daughters birthday at skinny fats the service, and the food  was top notch , thank you so much !!!
5	So I'm visiting SkinnyFATS for the third time and I feel like I can write a review from an experienced view now. Firstly, this place gets PACKED. I have yet to come here and experience a wait for a table. The waits have all been short, but a wait is a wait. Secondly, I have ordered from their "everything" else side just one time because their healthy side is that delicious! I switched sides for the Chicken & Waffles which, if you're wondering, is worth it!I ordered the Cranburkey burger from the healthy side the first time I stopped in, and during this visit. I wanted to try something else, but something about that perfectly cooked cranberry turkey patty called me back. I did opt for the truffle fries instead of the sweet potato fries though...so my meal wasn't 100% healthy. I washed my meal down with a glass - or more like, awesome reusable cup - of their fresh strawberry lemonade. I will be back. Many times. SkinnyFATS is GOOD.
4	I've been going to skinny fats for a while now normally at their first location so when this one opened up by my house I was so excited! Been here a couple of times but keep forgetting to review it.The menu option is different and I'm sad that some items aren't at this location but other than that it is cute, small and still really good. Staff is always so friendly and I love the little patio seating area. Uploaded some photos of what I get and I give it 2 thumbs up!
5	Oh my goodness! Can I just say that this is my new favorite spot. I tried the Ahi tacos with mango coleslaw and I was floating in foodie heaven. I couldn't find anything negative about this place. I am looking forward to try other things but highly recommend. Customer service is amazing and very friendly. You can tell by the wait that people love this spot!
5	This place is an absolute overload. The restaurant interior has a LOT going on (in a good way) so it's quite an experience to soak it all in while trying to decide what to order for the first time. What kind of restaurant blatantly separates healthy from happy foods? Bonus points that this is their defining factor. You actually consciously make a decision whether to eat healthy or happy.Of course it was my first time, so I had to go all-out. I decided to pop my Cherry Popper burger cherry with the Cherry Popper burger. $12 for a half pound of beef with cherry/banana peppers, spicy slaw, pepper jack, and a fried egg on a Hawaiian roll. The bottom bun was completely soaked by the time I got my burger, but it was sturdy while I ate it. Messy messy messy, but sooo worth it. For those who like spicy burgers, Cherry Popper is the one for you. Half pound is actually quite a lot of meat for the average person... or maybe I just have a small stomach. No regrets about the Cherry Popper. Hands down, hit the spot.Anyways, I got my burger with a side of their Truffle Fries, which I am not a huge fan of. They were a bit overcooked, but they did taste like truffle oil. Kinda wish I went with the Sweet Potato Fries. Regardless, the burger alone still carried my Yelp review to five stars. Love all the other creative and tasty sounding options on the menu. I will be back for more!
5	Awesome place! I love the concept; pretty much they have a healthy and fattening version of the dish you want, and both are really delicious! Yummy smoothies too :)
3	Food was really good. Vibe in there was hip and cool. Definitely impressed enough to want to go back. Why the three stars you ask? The coffee was terrible. The chai latte was terrible. Other than this it was amazing.
4	The decor wins major style points. Fake grass, bright colors, wooden accents, it all creates an inviting atmosphere that makes you want to stay. For our visit, we stopped in to pick up a green juice to go, and we were able to enjoy the ambiance, as we waited for the staff to whizz up my concoction. I received my healthy green juice in a cool reusable container, which also doubled as a great marketing tool for the business, as my sturdy gas station type sippy cup drink was plastered in fun logo jargon. Love what they are doing here at Skinny Fats.
3	I've only been here once so this is a review based off of only one dish.You walk in and you are warmly greeted by the cashier, who is extremely friendly! The decor is nice, they have a communal table and outdoor seating as well. Since this was my first time, I stepped off to the side and reviewed the menu for about 10 minutes until I finally settled on what I wanted to eat. I went with the Happy Mess which are truffle fries with shaved NY strip steak, bleu cheese, and pico de gallo. Drinks are self-served and they have a variety of different fountain drinks, some that I had never even heard off. I was impressed with that. After ordering, I received my food after about 10 minutes. The fries looked good, and tasted somewhat good. They were too bland for my liking and not very filling. After finishing my fries I still felt hungry so I drove over to Ohana across the street for my second dinner. Maybe I should have ordered something else, maybe I eat a bit too much, but I left unsatisfied, they do have great service though. I'll try eating here again in the near future since they're only down the street from me.
4	I love trying new places and although skinny fats isn't brand new, I've never been. My first visit was great! Loved the service, the food and the atmosphere! I can't wait to go back and I'm really looking forward to cold press express!
5	This place is delicious! Whether you're looking for something healthy or not so much, you will not be disappointed. I have yet come across something on their menu that I hadn't thoroughly enjoyed from the first to the last bite.
5	A triple D's joint, young staff, great vibe, awesome decor, cool colors and the food... Oh man, u can get your girl here, she will have the salad and u will go all in on a massive burger. Reguler yelp starts in 3,2,1
4	Great non typical fast food.  Had the Nice to Greek You order and it was very good although not exactly filling.  The side salad I thought was too small.  The choice of ice teas was also good.  Communal big table was OK, not thrilled with it.   Staff was friendly.  Overall  a great experience will be back for at least a second time.
5	Super friendly and welcoming staff. Loving the concept with the heathy and not-so-healthy menus. I ordered the wrap superstar and what a monster that thing was! Chock full of protein and healthy fats, it left me super satiated and full for hours. I will definitely be returning on my visit back to Las Vegas and just may drop in before my flight back to Hong Kong. 5 Stars SkinnyFats team!
4	Small cute location. Healthy side and happy(fat) side food options. The food has been hit or miss. I primarily come here for their Amazingggg cookies which include peanut butter, white choc, choc chip, sugar and oatmeal raisin. Also for their juices. My favs are the summer Quench and immunity. I'm  not a fan of beets which a lot of their shakes and juices have in it. You can ask for them not to be in them but I just prefer to order the drinks without them. If u walk in to order drinks or take out, expect to wait as food and drinks are made to order. Also it does get really  busy so tables could get sparse. They have a nice outside location but just make sure to bring a jacket in the winter months. Everyone is friendly and will welcome you when you walk in the door. They are openin lf a juice bar right next door in the beginning of jan.
5	Awesome atmosphere. Great food. Service was awesome and the menu can be catered to any size group and their food choice. Outdoors is great with the heater too. Five thumbs up.
3	I loooooove skinnyfats but it's way too expensive for being a self serve place. My husband and I got the veg-to-bowl and the veg-which and two juices and it was almost $50. That's about what we'd pay for a nice sit down place.Also the tables are almost always dirty and you're lucky if you even get one. I am a vegetarian and one time I ordered a vegetarian meal (duh) and not only were there little pieces of bacon, but also steak. I was disgusted but politely let them know so maybe they would start cleaning their grill better between meals. BUT on a positive note; it is less crowded now that they have a new location, and the staff is always friendly and happy. I'll keep coming here for the food. It's just too good! I just wish it was a tad bit less expensive.
5	Had the brioche French toast and the cherry bomb. Not by myself.. Was delicious. Definitely coming back! Need a location near the east side!!
5	This place is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  the have the most amazing food ever! its awesome because you can either be a total fat ass and get something indulging or stay on the healthy side and get something light and delicious! Over all this place rocks! NEED TO TRY
4	There food is absolutely amazing. The first time I tried SkinnyFATS was at the Dean Martin location. Yesterday, I decided to try the Warm Springs location. First, let me start off by saying it was busy. That's always a good sign in my book. I ordered the Cherry Popper burger. It was amazing. It's $12, so a bit pricey for a burger, but that included a side. My boyfriend ordered off the breakfast menu, the Smotherload, I think. That was yummy as well. My little sister got the classic burger. I can't remember if that's what it was called though... but anyways. She ate the entire thing and the fries. So, there's no way she could have gotten something from the kids menu. Haha. Our bill came to about $40 for the three of us. I would complain about the prices if the burgers didn't include fries... but they did. My only complaint was the LONG wait to order. Seriously. We were in line forever ! There are 2 registers, but only one person was taking the orders, filling various drink orders, etc. It took absolutely FOREVER to order. I went back up to order a drink later on. There were 2 people in front of me and one at the register. I was in line for an additional 16 minutes. 16 minutes to order a drink ! But anyways, besides the busy, rush-hour, my experience was great. Th only reason I'm docking a star is because of the long ordering process. There should have been someone else taking orders. Or at the bare minimum, someone help filling the behind-the-counter drink orders (hot water, coffee, strawberry lemonade, etc).
4	Great place for lunch with the girls. My fat friends can eat fat things and my skinny friends can eat skinny things. The world is a happy place. Kind of expensive, but quality cost.
5	Everything about SkinnyFats is great!!! Anything i order is excellent but a favorite in the Chix on Broadway
4	This was my first time at SkinnyFATS. I had always heard about it from others but never got the chance to eat here until last night with friends. We arrived at about 10 pm (1 hour before closing) but it was still getting a regular influx of customers.I walked in and was greeted by friendly waitresses. You order at the front from either the healthy or happy (aka unhealthy) side, or maybe from both. Then you take a seat with your number and wait for your food to be delivered. We opted to eat at the patio since there was more privacy and heat lamps were present to keep us warm.They also have alcohol available if you want. If you're a penny-pincher like me, then most likely you'll opt for the free cucumber water.I got the Chicks on Broadway from the happy menu. It was a deep fried chicken breast with bacon and a green tomato along with some other garnishings. It came with a side of truffle fries.At the patio table we were at, there was the very necessary napkin dispenser with a variety of sauces, including regular & jalapeno ketchup and chalula.The food, decor, and experience were all very good and I had a pleasant experience here. The only reason that I can't give this place 5 stars is the prices. They're pretty high. My order cost $10, closer to $11 with tax. Despite this, I'll still be back. My visits just won't be as frequent as cheaper places.
4	The sign "SkinnyFATS" is tiny, it actually says "ColdPressed Juice" or something like that. They have a good amount of seats but inside was full so we sat outside. It was much quieter and they have outdoor heaters too :) I ordered the Buff Chix and it came with truffle fries. It was good but not great. I think the buffalo sauce was a little too empowering and the chicken was pretty soaked in it. I also wish it was stacked on top of the fries cuz then my fries were soaked in buffalo sauce too. Other than that, the service was nice and the atmosphere was even better. I felt like I was in Cali or something lol. We need more hip places like this on the Southwest side.
5	Portions are ridiculous and delicious! My kids are everything on their plate... Bacon is to die for. Atmosphere is super chill and stylish! Love their condiment choices to go with the already amazing food. Will come again when we are back in town.
5	Always greeted upon entry. Every single time. Super friendly staff. Food is on POINT. A bit pricey but hey you get what you pay for, and wait for! Wouldn't really change a thing about this place except maybe a larger dessert menu
