3	Chopstix is a New York style Chinese restaurant.  They usually have your last order on file in their computers.  For a take out Chinese place, it's pretty good.  The house fried rice is one of my favorites there.  Their mongolian beef, beef broccoli, and other meat entrees are also prepared well.  They have a seafood special which isn't something I particularly liked.  The sauce is a bit slimy, and the scallops and imitation crab meat doesn't compliment the vegetables that well.  However, if you want quick take out, this isn't a bad place to go.
3	Not bad for if you're looking for some quick take out. Nothing good or bad to say. Just your standard strip mall take out place.
4	Went there for lunch. Cashew chicken not on menu, asked and they made it for us. Place was clean, friendly staff. LARGE menu, Large portions...
4	I get lunch here every so often. I absolutely love their General Tso's Chicken lunch special. At exactly $6 with tax, it's a perfect lunch option whenever I don't know what else I want. And it comes with a drink.There's just something about this place that ever-so-slightly sets it apart from other run-of-the-mill Chinese restaurants (that's a lot of hyphens). They claim to serve "New York style" Chinese food. I'm really not sure what that means, but it's working for them. I also appreciate how they serve their to-go food. Instead of the typical styrofoam container, they use aluminum bowls with a plastic cover. I'm not sure if I'm getting more or less food, but it seems like the right amount of food (bordering on the heavy side).
4	Chopstix is the best delivery chinese in town; the food is great.  The menu is globally pretty good, but I always end up ordering the mongolian beef, house fried rice and pan fried dumplings.  I called to order lunch once and they were busy, so they offered to call me back rather than keep me on hold.  Great touch.
4	Great place to eat. Great food, great value. People who work there are really friendly and food usually comes out very fast. I love their general tso's chicken, egg drop soup, hot and sour soup, and so many others. so stop by, it's going to be worth your money
5	I found this Chinese Restaurant on Yelp. It's good food, affordable prices and great sesame Chicken. Prices are fair and they offer large portions...definitely lots of leftovers. I would highly recommend!
3	This place bills itself as "New York Style" Chinese food.  Does that mean their menu is pretty rad?  Yes.  Does it mean those 90 different ads on their countertop?  Maybe, it's like a subway.  Is it the giant portions for low prices?  No, because nothing in NYC is under $50.  But together, it means it is a pretty good place to have lunch.    Skip the Kung Pao though, it's more peanuts than actual other products.
4	I have been getting yummy Americanized Chinese food from here for the last 6 years.  The food is cooked when you order it so if it is busy be prepared to wait for your order!  Most of their dishes are at least average and many are above average.  They make a really delicious dishes for all basic dishes you can find at typical chinese restaurants.  If you are looking for good food give them a try!
3	Packed a delicious, nutricious lunch for the day at the office...left it at home on the kitchen counter.  Grrrrrr.Zoomed over to chopstix for a speedy lunch special.  It was just that.  $6 and it included your choice of a drink or an egg roll.  Portion was certainly satisfying, place was speedy and friendly, and the price was right!Lots of lunch special choices.  Good stop for food cheap food on the go.
4	Just found this place after living in the area for a couple of years.  Very tasty all-purpose Chinese food.  It appears to be family run, and everyone there is very friendly and helpful.  We ordered delivery to the house a couple weeks ago, and it was at the front door in well under a half hour from the moment we got off the phone!  It's definitely 99% take-out and delivery.  They do have a dining area of sorts, but it's not really used or entirely set up for people to eat there.About the only issue I've had is that their combo meals state that they come with an egg roll, and we have yet to see one in the package.  But those combos are so reasonably priced, especially for the amount of food you get, that I've never thought to go back and complain about it.  Can't blame them too much if I haven't brought it up to them...
2	So I tried this place out with the bf the other day after searching on Yelp. They claim to be "New York Style Chinese Food"...not really sure what that means. They DO give you a lot of food. I was able to eat 3 meals out of the food I bought.General Tso's Chicken - good, tasted like Orange ChickenChicken with Garlic Sauce - goodPork Fried Rice - bland and dryVegetable Egg Roll - nothing specialA big plus is that your food is made to order, unlike Panda Express where the food is already prepared and they just scoop it into containers. The food definitely tasted like it was just made, with exception to the fried rice, which was dry.The food wasn't the worst, but it wasn't the best. Not too sure if I'll be back. The bf enjoyed his food more than I did, so if I do return, it'll be for him.
5	The BEST shrimp egg foo young I've had in a very long time!!!!  Handmade patties and exceptionally large servings!!  Will definately order again!!!!
4	I have been eating here for years and if you read my other reviews, consistancy is key to a great place.  Mainly a take-out and delivery restaurant, but there are tables inside to grab a quick lunch.  All the main dishes and combinations are big portions and cooked to order.  Always fresh food, hot and at a reasonable price.  My only hitch with all Chinese restaurants that say "New York Style" is that they never have a huge pork eggroll like you will find in NY.  PLEASE if anyone knows a place to get a FAT EGGROLL let me know!!! The one thing Chopstix delivers on better than most every Chinese place in town is the fried rice ONLY if you ask them to make it DARK.  Then, it really is like NY Chinese.  I always order my fried rice dark and with no peas and carrots.  Another hint for my East Coast foodies is order the boneless spareribs without the sauce.  The boneless ribs are awesome with the fried rice, but you have to ask.  So many places like to cover that good pork in that icky red sauce and I think it ruins it.   The Happy Family is packed with meat(roast pork, shrimp, beef and scallops).  It is a total value place with excellent food.  The egg drop soup is solid and if you like Moo Shu pork or chicken, it is off the hook!  Singapore noodles also rock. They are always friendly and VERY FAST.  If you are from the East Coast like me, you order Chinese once a week and it will become your go-to place.
5	After I tried this place for the first time this past Thursday, I ended up eating them again on Saturday because it's that dang good.Very small establishment and I ordered pick-up both times so I can't say how the dine-in would be, but they told me 10 minutes each time and it was definitely spot-on.  The food was piping hot (I had to let it cool down!) and the portions are very generous.  Their vegetable egg foo young has definitely won my heart - for whatever reason, it seems to be near-impossible to find a place that does it well in town.  Each patty is wonderfully crafted, the gravy matches it perfectly, and their rice is stellar.  Overall, everything works together swimmingly to create an amazing blend of tastes.  (Hey - sometimes it's hard to find all three pieces of this dish so well-made!)The workers are super friendly and the kitchen was bustling like crazy the first time I went.  I said, "I love your guys' food!" the second time I visited and they got that shy smile and said, "Thanks, we really appreciate that."Not only is the food spectacular and well-priced, it's right around the corner from my house.  I predict many more visits to this place in the not-so-distance future.  -:)
4	This is a little whole in the wall take out place by NV School of Massage Therapy.  Obviously family run and not a dine-in kind of place but its fine for a quick lunch.  The food is really good and if I lived closer I would definately get it to take home.  Its near my office so I stop in for lunch every now and then.Decent food, decent prices, and locally owned.
3	Chopstix is a pretty solid place for Chinese takeout. The good: General Tso's ChickenEgg Drop SoupEgg Foo YoungThe locationBig portionsThe not so good:Fried Rice (it's always dry)Mongolian Beef (something about it just isn't right to me, but my husband likes it)Atmosphere is about zero - I never eat in, always get it to go.Prices - eh, not sure what to say. It usually costs us about $50 for our dinner, which seems high, but then again, there is usually enough food to give us leftovers for 2 days.
5	My roommate and I were craving chinese take out, and we had no idea where to go! We found chopstix on yelp, and decided to try it. Wow!! You get so much food for such a cheap price! The value is great, and the food is excellent! I will definitely be going back!
1	Placed an order for delivery on phone at 6:45 pm. They said it would arrive in approx 45 min. 1 hour later i called them. They stated that it was on the way. Called them again at 8pm, they said so sorry, give you 50% off. Waited untill 8:30, still no food. Called them back again and told them to stuff it. VERY POOR! Would not recommend this joint to anyone. Very, very poor!
5	This place is so delicious! The girls from work and I eat from here often. Their lunch specials are perfect, the price is low, the portions are huge and there is always leftovers..all for only 6.00!
4	This place gets 4 stars based on its value alone. We work around the corner and order takeout 2-3 times a month. They are always very friendly and for the $5-6 lunch menu, you really get a lot of food. My particular favorites are the General Tso chicken, sweet and sour chicken, and orange chicken. I probably would not get the kung pao or hot and sour soup again though. They were not bad, just not one of their better items. For basic Chinese food, this place is quite good.
4	The past few days I have been taking advantage of Chinese restaurant lunch specials in my area. Yesterday, I hit up Chop Stix (in the Eastern at Windmill Smith's shopping center).  I've been going to Chop Stix for approximately five years. I expected a three to four star experience.  I sat down before 4 pm, when the lunch special was still available. At Chop Stix, the lunch special is served with the crunchy noodles, a can of soda, and the entree with fried rice. Deviating from the norm of a good number of Las Vegas Chinese restaurants, chow mein noodles are not included.  Chop Stix has a few things that the Chinese restaurants that I've dined in lately don't. Lo mein is offered as a lunch special entree. That was my entree! Instead of forcing won ton soup lovers to fork over $6 for a quart of won ton soup, Chop Stix also serves a pint of it for $2.65. Minus the chow mein, a larger portion of the meal features the entree.  The service is average. Sure, I would of enjoyed the won ton soup ahead of the entree, and not to have had to get up to ask for duck sauce, then for a straw. In life nothings perfect.  Before the tip, a lunch special plus a pint of won ton soup costed approximately $8.50. Wow! All this freshly cooked Chinese food runs for around the exact price of Panda Express.
3	Not very personable. Food was the same price as a full restaurant but all you get is a few tables and hard chairs. Don't eat in! Food was good but the price was a bit on the high side
4	Easy online ordering. On time and accurate delivery.  .for the price sizes are great and quality is good. If you complain you are too picky...
3	2nd time here. Taking dinner home. Again, decent prices and good food. Terrible dining facility. It would be nicer to eat in a school cafeteria. It is difficult to understand the girl behind the counter. She has a very heavy accent. Check out then menu online and know what you want before you come in.
4	I like driving around and trying some random place. This is what happened when I came here. I knew there were fast food chair restaurants in this center but drove around a little till I saw something I might want to try. Chopstix was my 2nd choice just because the first place I went to was a veggie bar next door which I didn't feel at the time, maybe later. Chopstix was clean, quiet, and had a nice view of all the beautiful people that were going in and out of that veggie bar at least when I was there.What makes me a fan are their lunch specials for only $5.55. I went with the House Special Chicken with rice and a soda, which if you don't want the soda you can get the egg roll instead. It was good, can't beat a $5.55 meal. I love mushrooms there were plenty inside of this dish. The rice that came with the dish was different it was yellowish but I still liked it. If you get the House Special Chicken don't add extra soy sauce, it already has enough salt and sauce just mix in the rice. Unless you like it salty. Service was friendly and they do deliver. I would come back cause $5.55 is a great deal for lunch and the foods wasn't that bad.
3	This place is a better option for take-out rather than dining in. The girl who took my order was on a personal phone call trying to pay a bill. While I was waiting, she was yelling at the cooks in the back in a different language.  Awkward! I have tried three dishes from this place.....1. Cashew chicken -This dish was pretty good actually, with celery  the predominant flavor.2. General tsao's chicken- Not bad, but terrible the next day when you are trying to eat leftovers. 3. Orange chicken -- Good but not great. Overall, this satisfied my craving for fast Chinese food. I would recommend calling your order in ahead of time and avoid eating there.
2	Not good I won't be back
5	Where to start... I am from the east coast, been in Vegas for 3 years. We have a seriously different view of what Chinese food is. This place is really true to east coast style of chinese. Like when you order an egg roll, you actually get an egg roll, not a spring roll like everywhere else around here. Also the pad thai is better than at any thai place I've tried. The only downside is they charge like $5 for delivery.
4	I have gone here when I was going to Massage School next door and I found that they are really great. I love the cream cheese-crab wontons.
2	There is a limited selection of decent Chinese food in my area so I decided to go a little farther away to try Chopstix based on the reviews.  Unfortunately the card reader wasn't working so the man behind the counter asked if I could go get cash.  The nearest ATM is in the Smiths across the way.  I went and got cash (paying an extra $3 since it wasn't my bank) and went back.  There was no one else in the place at the time and the same man behind the counter saw me come in.  I had my cash out and my food was bagged and sitting on the counter but instead of helping me he decided to take a personal phone call on his cell while I stood there and stared at him.  I continued to wait for several minutes and another man was at the counter doing something and also ignoring me.  Finally he looked up and asked if he could help me.  I said I'd like to pay for my food.  At which time the other man finally got off his phone and took my money.  No apology, no offer to give me a discount for my inconvenience, or even just throw in extra fortune cookies or something. The food was decent (wor wonton soup, house fried rice, and orange chicken) but it is definitely not worth going all the way over there for terrible service.  Will not be returning.
5	My favorite place to pick up Chinese food anywhere in Vegas, they know how to do it right
3	Chinese Fast Food has a lot of flavor and Chopstix was no exception. However... I was sick and just wanted to fill my tummy with something that I assumed had lots of flavor to finally just taste ANYTHING again. Garlic Chicken with rice definitely gave my tastebuds a kick in the _____! It was good and cheaper than Panda, so I will definitely be coming here again.
5	We were impressed!! Absolutely delicious chinese food, tons of flavor, great teriyaki!! We ordered Edamame with our delivery (EAT24.com), but they didn't have it. They called back within minutes and fixed everything and had it at our door within a half hour. New favorite place for chinese!!
2	The best part about this place is they deliver. I didn't find the food to taste that great, but I'm pretty picky. It's good in a bind if you you're craving some quick food.
4	I'm happy to say that there is finally a Chinese place a block away from me -- no more having to schlep all the way to Windmill or wait for the delivery guy to arrive...I got my own!There is definitely a dearth of Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas, so anytime a new one opens -- no matter how commercialized -- my insides perk up with excitement. This location is still ironing out some kinks -- their credit card machine was having some trouble, but that's to be expected.They have good combination specials. On their grand opening, I got two of them -- yes I can be a piggy. I ordered the Shrimp and Snow Pea combination to eat there and the Mongolian Beef combination to-go. Both combinations came with fried rice, an egg roll and a fortune cookie.The Shrimp and Snow Pea is pretty good -- light on the shrimp, but definitely heavy on flavor. I would definitely order this again. The vegetables (snow peas, carrots, celery, bean sprouts) that accompany the shrimp was really good!The Mongolian Beef was okay. That's a tepid okay. I might order this again, but probably not. I was expecting savory and spicy, but tasted more sweet notes than anything. Once I accepted that I was in for a sweet ride, I realized that they really went heavy on the onions and bell peppers. I like the onions (especially the customary green onions) but would have preferred if they refrained from drowning my beef in bell peppers -- just because it's the right color, doesn't mean it's a welcomed flavor profile. Like the shrimp order, this was also fairly light on the protein.Overall I like this place. For convenience sake I will be back here fairly often. Yay Chinese food!
4	Great food. Really liked lunch specials.
1	OMG how vile...where to begin! Bit into an egg roll only to have some sort of a gelatinous ooze and drip grease on my pajamas.  If you can't have sugar RUN! Ordered shrimp and cashew chicken only to open plastic containers of meats and mystery pieces covered in a brown sugary substance.  No recognizable vegetables to be found.  I also ordered soup...do I dare taste it?  I am a VERY angry blue collar worker who wanted a relaxing evening and a treat of having dinner delivered.  If you don't hear from me this weekend, check the local hospitals just in case I'm admitted for food poisoning.
2	I apologize for my lack of activity over the past two years.  Once I found a few salvageable places, I exhausted my limits for self-deprecation.  I've been to many new establishments over the hiatus, but most of them weren't worth reporting (kind of like this one).So I received a flyer from Chopstix several weeks ago.  Their $5.75 lunch specials caught my eye -- entree, rice and drink (or eggroll) included.  The picture of the sesame chicken looked good (as the pictures always do), so I decided to oblige.  First impressions: the lobby area was small and dirty.  I found the table with the least amount of discord and waited for my order.  When I used the soda fountain, I found the soda was completely flat, so I asked for a can (which is fine, except I can't get a refill on the way out).  Also, I noticed a distinct lack of air conditioning, despite the fact that I was under a vent, so I felt sweltry and sweaty the whole time.  When I finally received my order, it looked good (probably because I hadn't eaten all day).  The few pieces of sesame chicken on top were delicious; crispy on the outside, tender on the inside.  However, once I got down to the "meat" of the meal, the chicken pieces became soggy and tasteless, doused in a syrupy mess.  I imagine this is what it must be like for anyone who orders to go.  I didn't even bother finishing.  At the end of my meal, I was even more depressed than when I came in.  YOU SHOULD NOT BE DEPRESSED WHEN EATING AT A RESTAURANT.Based on this single experience, I won't go again.I gave two stars because they seemed like nice people, and I don't want any business to fail.  They just need to step up their game a bit.
5	LOVE this place!!! Tho we may not understand what they are talking to each other they are usually very nice to us :) Its a small place with a few tables. We usually get our food to go and have had them deliver to us to.This time we ordered the lunch specials of orange chicken spicey with pork fried rice and egg roll. My husband got the cashew chicken with pork fried rice and egg roll. No complaints freshly made, very tasteful with flavors and filling. The cashew chicken has some vegies cooked with it (zucchini, carrots and celery)By the way they do have restrooms for customers and they are clean..We will be back!!!
5	Came here last Sunday and fell in love with the Mongolian Beef that I had to come back again before I head back home to California . Highly recommend this place.
4	Cream cheese & crab wontons - pretty good Pork fried rice - full of goodiesSweet & sour pork - crispy but not over cookedChopstix is a great little place for your Chinese food fix. The prices are great for a family. I usually spend about $50 and I'm able to feed a family of six. There are no leftovers but everyone is satisfied. Not a restaurant I would ever eat in because of the lack of atmosphere. They do have a plant in the front window but other than that, pretty plain.Overall, I really enjoy this place.
4	Friendly service, good selection of lunch special and always delicious! House beef and Singapore noodles are my favorites!
2	My mom and I were waiting for massages next door and decided to grab a bite here at Chopstix.There wasn't too much that was special about this place. Since it was during lunch time, I ordered the Chicken Broccoli Lunch Special. What I appreciated about my food is that it was made with lots of garlic! Yum!The environment was rather... drab. Though the booths and chairs were all clean, but it felt like they designed the place so that customers are encouraged to want to take food out instead. After I left, I realized they never included my egg roll with my lunch special! For that, I give them 2 stars instead of 3!
5	When we lived in Atlanta our neighborhood was about 50% Asian and there was an abundance of very authentic Chinese restaurants...sometimes too authentic. Ingredients like cow lung, tripe, jellied pigs blood and chicken feet (yes...fried chicken feet) were common place. Basically the only thing they didn't eat was the snout and the asshole, and I'm not even sure about the later.     So upon moving here we decided we wanted some good, old fashioned Americanized Chinese food and boy did we find it with Chopstix! The General Tso's chicken and Happy family sure made this family happy. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra few bucks for the extra meat and noodles instead of rice. Everything was delicious and both times we have stuffed ourselves silly (and had plenty for the beloved leftovers the next day).     Unlike the authentic Chinese restaurants back home who (oddly) didn't deliver, Chopstix had our food to us hot, fresh and in about 25 minutes. I might note that we found the delivery fee to be pretty steep at 3.50$, but maybe that is the norm here. Either way, it was worth it to us and it won't deter us from ordering (although maybe from ordering as frequently).     All in all, a great place. We look forward to ordering again soon.
5	All I get is the house fried rice, but that's just me. Family gets all the rest. Great service.
3	Lunch deal is pretty ace. We tried one broccoli beef, and one chicken w/garlic. Meats were succulent, but chopped much too large; vegetables were present but not super flavorful; white rice and fried rice were modest and acceptable. Everything came out piping hot, in generous portions.The girl behind the counter was cute aside from pinky-picking at her nose and not covering a sneeze (ahem); the guy behind the counter was helpful aside from being a bit hard to understand and not covering his coughs (ahem); the cockroach behind the counter crawling down the wall was harmless aside from being a cockroach (ahem). I'm not sure if these things will stop me from ever going back when in the mood for cheap Chinese.So in the end: it's the embodiment of a hole-in-the-wall Chinese joint. If you go in expecting that, then I guess it's fine. If you don't, then you might wanna adjust the score down accordingly.
4	I've been back a few times since my first review, and haven't seen them do any of the negative things that made me dock a star before. I get two or three meals out of a single $5 lunch special, and the quality has been consistent. Will certainly be back again.
2	Yike. So far I've given these guys a 3, a 4, and now a 2. Today was cockroach day, apparently, as we saw more of them than we've seen there before. As for the food, it's about as good as ever, but when asked to cut the too-large pieces of beef into a more single-bite size, they didn't really do that today. To top it off, they recently changed their drink selections from what we usually got, and it's not like you can lower the price on the lunch special if you just say no drink. I want this to be a comfort food, but today was all about making me less comfortable.I guess I'll still return to them when I'm craving some cheap Chinese, but this visit was a disappointment.
1	Good food but this place needs to be boycotted. The Roach infestation is way out of hand. I went in today as my sick uncle can only seem to keep down the wonton. I ordered by phone so I could get out quickly. There were no less than 200 roaches. Live and dead. Counter. Walls. Floors. Moving. Not moving. It was like being in a Roach snow globe. I asked them twice what the deal was and they just had the "I no understand" face. Purely disgusting. I had to find a clean place to put the bag. Please let them know this in unacceptable. I've been going there for years and this is madness.
5	Ordered from Chopstix for the first time today and believe me, it wont be the last time .NY style chow mein was great.  We got chicken and roast pork chow mein.  Napa cabbage celery onions lots of chicken and crispy noodles on the side. They also came with a pint of rice with each.  The roast pork had lots of slices of roast pork.  None of this west coast lo mein calling itself chow mein.  And there was enough for 2-3 meals!  Hubby got sweet and sour chicken with a mound of fried rice.  The sauce was on the side so it didnt get mushy in the container.  The egg rolls were egg rolls and not little greasy spring rolls.  And nothing was greasy.It was delivered hot and fresh in less than an hour, just as statedOnly problem was I thought my chow mein needed more garlic.  Pop said his was fine.We will be ordering from here again!!
3	Back to three we go. They brought back the drink that they stopped carrying the time before, they made my meal properly unlike the time before, and this time I didn't see any roaches roaming. It wobbles in quality and reliability, but it's my local go-to cheap Chinese at this point.
5	They have the best Chinese food in Vegas. I came across them years ago and have been a regular ever since. Best beef n broccoli in Vegas...NY style! Great lunch combos too! One of my favorite places to eat!
5	the best chinese resturant in las vegas.    true east coast style
1	I went to this place twice-- I could taste MSG in their food. I will never go back.Sorry but that is the truth.
1	This has been possibly the worst Chinese food experience I've ever had.  This is my second time giving this place a try, the first time I gave them benefit of doubt cause it was close to closing time and they seemed rushed, it's now 1pm, middle of lunch hour and I'm the only person here, should have taken that as a sign.... The fried rice was dry and had 0 flavor. The General Tso's was horrid, and the 2 pieces of broccoli in it were still frozen in the middle.  Never coming here again.
5	As a native New Yorker, one of the challenges of living in Vegas is finding GOOD Chinese food. Chopstix is by far the best Chinese food we've had since moving here. Tastes as good as New York food and that's a HUGE compliment!
1	I ordered Sweet & Sour Chicken.  The chicken and rice was hot, but the pineapple and sauce was cold.  I've had much better elsewhere.  Last time I go there!
5	Love this place!  Best Wonton soup and shrimp egg foo young ever!!  We just ordered it for lunch and all the girls loved their food also!!  Fast and friendly service!
5	I love this place. Affordable and very Delicious. I got the mixed vegetables and the sauce is so good. When I asked for fried rice instead of white rice they gave it to to me for no charge...I advise u to try this place.
