5	Great service and good prices!
5	Great People, awesome selection, helpful and friendly service. Recommending it to come and visit, locally and out-of-town guests.
5	Spacious, clean & relaxing vapor boutique. Lots of flavors to try out. Friendly knowledgeable staff on the floor.
5	New vaping place in Vegas.  They are enthusiasts following their dream of opening a vapor shop, and because of that, they don't really cater to the ego crowd.  They've got pinoy mechanical mods, high end provari, RDA, etc.  They've got a drill mounted ON the counter so they can drill out the airholes of your attys.  If you know what that means, you know what kind of shop this is.Of course they do have the basics, but they know their stuff, these are vaping scientists!  If you're looking to go to the next level of vaping, this is a great place.They have a big selection of juices to try, a couple comfy couches with an xbox and a big screen, and have a large clean space.  Its a cool place to hang out.Howie is awesome, he will show you how to rebuild your RDA's, and will troubleshoot any problem you have.  I'm sure the other guys will too, but I've only worked with Howie.One important thing to know about Yosi is that they have some of the best prices in town.  Do you order online because its so much cheaper?  Go to Yosi instead.  Support a local vendor, and pay online prices.  No returns, no hassles, no shipping time...
5	Hello ladies...hello gentlemen...hello lentlemen...I like to introduce you guys to the BEST VAPE STORE in VEGAS:YOSI VAPOR BOUTIQUEThis place is kick-ass! The staff...the vibe...the ambiance...all so spectacular. Trust me people... this place has the complete package. At my first visit, I was skeptical about the whole "vape-fad," but since I had just LITERALLY saw the movie "Yes Man," an inner YOLO-ness came upon me, so I gave it a go. In addition, I was recommended by many friends to come check out this specific establishment...& it just happened to be that I was in Vegas.Upon entering the store, I was greeted by the staff. I felt awkward cuz I had no knowledge about vaping. The guy who worked there (Howie) knew I was a first timer, so he dropped some knowledge on me about vaping. So heres the cool thing...he didnt make me feel embarrassed about it...to be honest...I felt comfortable while he informed me about vaping. This brings me to my most important point:Customer service and staff is what makes a place stand out and what converts a customer to a LOYAL CUSTOMER. I will forever be with YOSI VAPOR BOUTIQUE.Anywho...If you're looking for a store that carries variety of choices, and top notch customer service then come to Yosi Vapor Boutique. & if your curious to what vaping is all about...come stop by and theyll be sure to tell you why this next big thing.P.S. They have a bar there where you can test their VAPE JUICE...gotta love the word "free"!VERY WELL RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	yosi vapes takes vaping to the next level... with their cute little bunny vape tips!
5	Yosi Vapor is one of the best places for vapors.The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. They provide excellent customer service. I will definitely come back here again to get my things.
5	They have the WIDEST selection of drip tips compared to Any other vape shop ive been to.  tried out a few flavors and liked most of them but they were out of tanks.  i ended up just getting a couple drip tips because of their huge selection but will end up coming back for some juice and tanks when i can get them both tohether.  I also heard that they are starting their own line of juice/flavors.  overall they are well staffed.  wasnt busy when i went in but im sure with the staff that they have even if it was busy you'd still be helped pretty quick.  I read all the reviews before I came down and was surprised with 5 stars and many reviews.  Was extremely clean inside and setup nice.  Parking is extremely convenient and staff is friendly.  Was leaning a little towards 4 stars but the more I think about my experience here there's nothing bad about it at all.. it is a great vape shop compared to most others in town and i will definitely be back. 5 stars.
5	Came through here on my vacation from California, needed some flavors and became enlightened. The flavors they have and crazy mods were impressive. They had so many flavors that I hadn't seen. Even got my shit fixed here!Great job on the whole atmosphere! Best part was that it wasn't far off from the Strip!
5	I just left this place and the staff was so helpful and I bought an amazing pen. I can't wait to start using it.
5	Vape shops are popping up like weeds and it's about damn time that Yosi opened it doors to the public. I purchased my first JoyeTech eVic from these guys when they were just selling vape supplies from a little booth piggy backing off of Kaba Curry's Game Glug and Grove tuesdays. Little did i know, these guys gave me one of the best deals for the eVic as far as pricing and throwing in juices. Months (or weeks...seems like months) later they finally opened up and i got a chance to browse the selection. So far i've been to 4 vape shops so far and i'm pretty impressed to see that even though they all carry the same hardware or similar hardware the juices are all different. Yosi has their own selection of juices that vastly differs from HOV or XL. Seeing as they're all pretty 'same same but different' it's hard to choose just one when they're all pretty different. Lets face it after you buy yourself a vape all you need are replacement carto/clearo-ato-mizers and juice. The -mizers are all the same and priced damn close to each other so the only thing left is juice. Yosi also carries a limited stock of mechanical mods as well. So far so good!Yelp 100 - 035 of 100
5	Went to the Grand Opening...JEEBUS...it was probably the craziest grand opening party that Ive been to!Anywho...I had a blast and rather than me writing out what happened...heres a short clip!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b_JgJE28ekUNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	I will say ( yosi is one of the best vape stores here in vegas! )Sick selection of mods, drip tips, etc.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Customer service is top notch and definitely a place to trust when you buy a mod!!!!!Like i said before .....one of the best vape store to go to                      THANK YOU GUYS FOR EVERYTHING AND MORE TO COME........                                                                MUCHLOVE :):):)
5	Great atmosphere, good prices. Congrats on your grand opening!!!!
4	Being a new store, the decor is minimal for now, they have a couple counters of assorted hardware and ejuice selections. The guy that help me out was Aaron (not sure if that's how he spells it). I told him I was new to vaping and looking to purchase a new kit. He took the time to explain to me the pros and cons and features for the items they had in stock. He answered all my questions and showed me how to set up my new zmax mini and providing some tips on how to maximize my vaping experience. Excellent customer service and nice selection of items and ejuice flavors. After searching online I found the price to be in the mid-high range for the mod I purchased but everything else was priced great in comparison.Dinged one star cause I never received my email receipt, was not offered a printed one, and when I called back the guys didnt know how to send me another. Hmm.. hopefully my hardware doesnt fail and I don't have to bring it back cause you all know how that goes when you have no receipt!
5	Howie contacted me a couple days later to follow up and he finally sent me my email receipt. Great service!! Thanks guys!
5	Great Vape Shop Staff and customer service
4	Yosi comes highly recommended by friends big into vaping and both have actually written up 5 star reviews so this was one of the first places we went to. They carry a display of various vapes, a few ways of customizing the look, and even some mechanical mods. They sell pre made drip, no in house blending. I did not try out a lot of them, but they had a good selection worth checking out. Each store really has their own unique stock so even if you have your unit, never know if they have your new must have flavor. The guy who helped us was very friendly, thorough and honest. Other than talking to us about just the benefits, he also talked about the cons and also the differences between units. He also pulled out his zmax mini and told us to try it out vs the standard e-go kit so we have a comparison of what better units can do. The BF didn't know if he wanted to fill nighttime boredom with a $170 investment since neither of us are actual smokers trying to quit or anything so we did not purchase at the time of this visit. There prices here though is very competitive with online prices so if you are looking to jump into some of the higher end vapes like a Provari or go for mods, you may want to stop in here first.  I can totally see why my friends Tien and William love this place. Definitely are enthusiasts and cater to that crowd, but are non intimidating at all for someone who knows nothing and looking to start. The BF ended up just getting a basic unit elsewhere, however I'm debating on getting a itaste when they have them in stock. I'm sure I'll be back for something as this is definitely one of the better stores in town.
1	Customer service: their customer service is really bad. The guys only seem to pay attention to you if you're short, Asian and show cleavage. They do not care about first come first serve, they do not greet anybody really. I came in just to buy one juice and a few cardo's. They didn't care to address me after they saw me waiting for 30 mins. I eventually left.The Decor: they rape and put every icon of pop culture on their walls, classless display of desperation to seem appealing.  Juices/Sampling bar: They have very standard juices and a very unmaintained sampling station. Most tanks are empty or old, and only cared to put a small fraction of their flavors in unmaintained tanks.Who should come here?: Come here if you're a short asian girl who likes to show off what little chest you have and pretend to be a vape enthusiast (when in reality you're doing it cause for some stupid reason you think its "cool"). If you are this, you will be served. They will accommodate to all of your cheap ego twist needs. They will spend an extraordinarily long time putting little stickers on your eGO twist as it allows them more time to stare at you. Where should u go? House Of Vapes, it is down the street. They had a lot more people, less workers and they were able to actually greet and multitask. I came in, and the guy handled 3 customers and I was out of there in 4 mins.
5	this place is amazing!!!! My wife decided to get me into vaping so i can stop smoking. i was lookin at yelp to see which vape shop has a great review, Yosi came on top so we went there. we was help by Aaron, he explained everything we need to know about vaping. he was very helpful and friendly. This is the kind of place ya'll need to go. i will for sure make this as my vaping need store! once again thanks Aaron for your help!!!! and thank you YoSI team!
5	Great service. They know their stuff and are friendly. Ask for Ross, best builder in town for your rba build needs.
5	Best vapor shop in Vegas!
5	Nice laid back place. Very helpful and friendly staff. Will definately be back
5	Located inside the Chinatown area just outside of the strip in Vegas. Came in here a few weeks ago and was impressed by the spacious feel of the shop and the modern looking decor. Great and extensive selection of vapes and vape juices. The staff that I spoke to were able to help me select the perfect vape to fit my needs and I was able to sample several of the juices to pick the ones that I liked best. Awesome experience!
5	Unbelievable selection of flavors (almost intimidating to shop for because of the huge selection!) Owners always take care of me. They carry a nice high end amount of product. I'll be entering the more pro stages of vaping definitely with these guys. Great looking store!
4	Big fan of this place, Great ambience, love the E-Juice here, Fantastic Products and Great Products.  I've been here 3 times and held off a Yelp Review until now, as I know what to say and I know what to judge of Yosi.Each of the three times i've walked in, I was immediately greeted, which is great! I love to feel welcomed wherever i go. The employees working are chill and they like to have a good time with each other. Yes with each other. I'm perfectly fine with that. When i go to work, I like to have a good time and to get along with fellow employees and friends.Not too long after i walk in, A couple people walk in as well. At this time i was asking about rba's particularly the Nimbus and how it works and the differences between the igo-W and igo-L. I was in a middle of asking a question when these two people walked up to the showcases. The employee practically looked away and stopped listening to my question. Not only did i feel unimportant, i felt low. as if i'm a customer that didn't matter, sure i wasn't buying anything that day, but i sure was going to if i liked the customer service.I went and asked another employee the same question, he just nodded and said yes as if he wasn't listening, and talked to his friends again, it was a yes or no question of course, but no in-depth answer? I know the knowledge of everyone working there is top notch or rather more than enough to go by, and i certainly know everyone working there knows more than i do about vaping. Overall the one on one customer service should be worked on in my opinion, maybe it's just me, but i've had better service at other vape shops.4/5 stars for fantastic Products, Prices, Ambience, Location and Everything else other than the one on one contact.
5	Ive been to many of the Vegas area vape stores and i gotta say, this one is amazing. Its a big shop! Lots of selection and i love the decor. Youre greeted as you walk in and ready to be helped. Ill definitely be coming back here as they have the biggest selection of vape juices ive seen so far.
5	Great place, in my attempt to stop smoking they outfitted me with everything I need and yes, it does seem to be working.My gear has been great, my wifes has developed a leak after a week, we will be heading over tomorrow to see what can be done.They do have a wide variety of liquids and hardware, serivce was friendly and informative.
5	Most knowledgeable staff in town. With the most Mods and Juices. I was greeted right when i came in. I was referred to Yosi when I was pissed my fake ego kit from a shop crapped out. The staff member named Howie took good care of explaining why the kit i had a off brand ego was not the business. He then recommend to purchase a Joyetech C twist! I ended up buying a whole new kit and a couple juices. Overall Exp *****
5	Yosi Vapes is the shit!! Lost my vape at Marquee Day Club and my homie took me to Yosi. I picked up a K101 kit with the Unicorn Blood flavor! Unicorn Blood IMO is one of the best flavors I've tried. I wish LA had this flavor and the other flavors that I never heard of.. Definitely gotta go back and stock up on flavors.
5	Came in with a friend to try and check out some juice, the staff was very professional and friendly. I would recommend this place to my other friends that vape.
5	This place is amazing! Everyone greeted as soon as we walked through the doors. They have a huge selection and all of the staff is friendly and knowledgeable of their products. They have great tasting ejuice and prices are reasonable. They even showed me how to build my rba.. Amazing place!! Thanks guys see you again soon!!
5	Great service, professional, great price, lots of selection, def come back here again! And highly recommend!!!
5	Yosi has grown to become one of my favorite shops. The people are pleasant, I just feel comfortable hanging out here. I got my mechanical mod from them and it's been a steep learning curve and growing pains and they've been nothing but helpful. The BF and I got each a rebuildable atomizer from here. When we've run into some problems with them, there's been no attitude or problem helping us fix it. The BFs Helios was defective as it had no insulator on it at all and when you spend that much money, you want it to be right. They replaced it and some stores you can't even return a $10 item to that isn't working without some attitude. The BF is super happy with that atomizer and I feel I can buy with confidence from here.I feel comfortable with Ross or Howie building my atomizers. Currently have a .4 ohm (be safe if you sub ohm, kids!) ekowool, flat kanthal build by Howie that hits hard as a pimp slap with baby powder on my Origin and is neat and clean to where the wick coils around just right and stays in place. The BFs has had his done by both of them too. When I had problems with the very finicky locking/button system of my unit Ross fixed it up and he's been a good go-to for advice since he has the same mod as we do and has seemingly figured out the magic. It's nuts to me that I've probably complained about it all over the damn place and not one person told me to do this simple thing to make my main problem go away. Aaron always explains juices and wares and was one of the first people we talked to and answered our million questions when we didn't know what we were doing. I'm sure some of the questions were annoying and base, but absolutely patient with us. Dre one of the owners has even reached out to me on facebook about a problem I had with a missing card certificate with my mechanical. He happened to see me ask about it on a forum and told me to come in and they'll get be a authentication card - no problem. To me, that goes beyond when you reach out to make it right with a customer when really it might've been on the manufacturer that I didn't have them. Juicewise, they carry various companies like Fuzion, Space Jam, Flavors by Joe, etc. and seem to rotate out some juices so give their bar a try. I like that they don't use those crappy disposables, they are using my favorite iSmoka BCCs which is solid as far as plastic cartos. They do have some variable voltage items and some starter items, but if you need mechanicals, this is on the short list to check out since some stores don't sell them and some do, but do not have the knowledge or support to back them up. I've been vaping for a month and I've been here 7 times. I was there today and hung out for a hour. I was there yesterday- twice.The only thing they can outdo everyone and gain my loyalty to never buy anywhere else is sell me that Nemesis which is not for sale in their " trophy case". Haha. One can dream.
5	Very good shop and very helpful with picking out and choosing what you really new to start when new to the vapor scene. Gotta try it if your looking to get into the vapor scene. They have fully customizable kits that you can choose from tips to filter tanks to the battery voltage. Got tons of different juices to try with free samples. There located about three miles off the strip. Good prices and good flavors. Hit them up. They teach you how to do everything and change everything with the vape own to changing the vape cartridge and to when to buy new stuff in order to get your vape pen to work at new again.
4	Nice spot!!! They have a pretty good selection of mods, but not enough selection of juices. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Bought a ismoke tank and juice. Will be back.
4	Been there only once while I visited Vegas. Excellent customer service. They have a check in special, at the time I went; yelp was down & I couldn't write a review. The guy working there gave me the discount special anyways as long as I promised to write a review later. Well here it is... Three weeks later. lol they have a full flavor bar to try. The guy helping us helped us choose flavors that would go well with the taste we like. Definitely would go again when I'm in the area.
5	I love Yosi Vapor, the store is very nice and they have a great vibe. I went in to buy an Evic and saw they had such a great assortment of merchandise. Ask for Aaron, he was very helpful.
5	This vape shop has it all, from the basic starter kits to the more advanced mechanical mods. They constantly have new juices, parts, mods coming in every week so the variety is endless. Their employees are one of the most helpful and knowledgable people in the vape business today, they got the answer to anything and everything you need to know about vaping as well as troubleshooting or rebuilding. The vibe they've established in the store is welcoming to everyone, from their color scheme to the street art on the walls, their support from other local businesses and the lounge areas they have in the store. I definitely recommend you check this shop out wether you're new to vaping or you're a veteran vaper looking to try some new juices or change your mod out!
5	I keep on hearing this place thur twitter , Facebook , IG and bunch of my hommies told me about it sooo, I came in check it out !  I buy all my Portable hookah online , and no body don't got time for that.  I want it now and i hate waiting in the mail. so came in too this shop, hands down this place got everything ! I've been Vape 10 years I never seen some much Equipment, Juices, mods , ect. Everyone Friendly! I feel like they know me ! They cool cats! Real talk come thur yosi This place is dope -reece
5	Andrew, one of the owners is amazing!!! He is totally helping my mom in the sweetest way! I LOVE everything about this place... Classy, kind, and great products at a terrific price point!  Come here today- seriously ;/)
5	This is where I go for majority of all my vape needs! The staff was able to get me started on my first ever vape and show me how to take it apart, put it back together, clean it and refill it. I was totally clueless about vapes, they definitely took their time explaining everything to me. They have so many flavors, whats great is you can try them before you buy them! That is awesome! Aside from all the flavors, they have a great selection of battery, tips and tanks. Something that really made me love my purchase even more was the separate tip I bought. The tip I bought wan't your regular tip, it was a cute little bunny! Being able to customize your vape made me really excited.Flavors I bought:Madrima(my favorite so far)- Watermelon Sundae(has menthol) - Mothers MilkPS.. Be sure to check in to get 10% off on your entire order!
5	Super friendly staff made this whole vape experience feel like home in vegas, I love it!
1	When I first walked into the door I knew that I would not be posting a good review on this place. I was sitting there looking at the their mods for a good 5 minutes before someone acknowledged me as I was about to walk out the door. I then started to ask them questions about their mods and they did not seem interested in what I was asking they kept looking off as I talked to them and when I was looking at the more expensive mods they just told me, "oh you don't want those, they're expensive." After purchasing my first mod they told me to go wait by the bar where they teach you how to build and it took a good 4 minutes (mind you I was the only person in the store besides one other person and there were two employees). This guy that who even knows what his name could have been stumbled over and didn't even really teach me anything, he just built the atomizer like I wasn't even there and mumbled off as he built it. I then bought some juice and just kinda walked out. No welcomes no goodbyes. I was, to say the least, let down especially after reading such great reviews. I will give this vape shop one more chance but if all goes the same I'll just take my money elsewhere.
5	Awesome vape shop. Good selections on flavors and employees are very helpful.
5	Awesome vape shop!! The person that helped me was super cool letting me try a ton of e-juice. Bought the Ramune juice that tastes amazing!! Definitely a must stop for vapers.
5	I love this place.  Great help and always getting the best new Mods inventory. It goes fast so follow their Instagram and make that call the moment they come in! - ask for Andrew and say BRIAN T AT MARQUEE SENT YOU! He will take good care of u. Industry Discount is 15%
5	I've stopped by Yosi every time I've been in town! Every time they acknowledged me and helped me with all my needs. More than I can say from a few shops I've been to in Vegas. The juice bar is always changing which is great for experiencing new & different flavors.
5	great location, great selection of mods and juices! one stop vape shop! Also Ross is probably the best builder in town!
5	I love this shop! This is my favorite in town. Best customer service in the local vape industry, hands down. Everyone is so friendly, knowledgeable, and very helpful! These guys really know what they're talking about when it comes to vaping. They have a great selection with a lot of juices to try. Will definitely be coming back to this place and highly recommend checking it out! Happy vaping!
5	this is by far the best vape shop in vegas ... they have so many flavors and very friendly staff with all the knowledge about vape ... especially their collections of vapes like tanks, battery, and tips ... they can customize your vape for you .... i would recommend over and over again
5	Best Vape Shop in Las Vegas! They really help you out, and always have new flavors coming in!
5	Now I'm all for switching from traditional smoking to vape smoking. Its a lot healthier and has a lot more choices of flavors. This spot I was told about by a friend of mine when I last came to Vegas to party and let loose. I had forgotten my vape juice so of course to keep my self from purchasing a pack of smokes, I just HAD to make a stop here. When i got there I was amazed by the amount og supplies they had. I guess you can say I only made one trip on this 6 day vegas trip, just to make the cab ride worth it... But even then it was super WORTH IT. If you are ever in town this is a must if you need to reup on some gear OR if you want to try vaping for the frist time!
5	I've been wanting to quit smoking and wanted to get into vaping. All my friends have been telling me to buy a vape and they recommended Yosi Vapor Boutique.Right when I walked in I was greeted by everyone in the shop. Being a newbie to vapes I had a ton of annoying questions but they guy that helped me out answered each one in extreme detail. They had a wide selection of beginner vapes and advanced vapes. IDecided to go with a k100 with a dripper. They helped me out taste almost every single flavor they had. Let me tell you they had a ton of flavors. They also showed me in depth how to rebuild. I was extremely surprised how patient they all were with me. Definitely will come back! Also try out the Juice E Juice Lychee!
5	The best Vape shop in Las Vegas! I live coming to yosi vape shop for all Las Vegas vape needs. They have the best vape juice and vapes in town! Dope vape shop! Hands down best vape shop!
5	It's cool. The workers over there are chill. Christian always treats me right whenever I come over. The shop itself is clean, very open, and inviting. Thanks, Yosi.
5	Well, I'm convinced. Yosi has shown time and time again that they provide exceptional customer service and an array of products. I wouldn't call myself an expert on mechanical mods by any means, so I rely on the staff at Yosi for all my questions. The first time I came, the sales staff greeted me promptly and sat me down at the juice bar, where I sampled some flavors and chatted with one of the sales reps, Christian. I'm what you would call a quizzical person, albeit at times abrasive, but no matter how many questions I fired, Christian didn't seem to mind.    I left that day with a black K101 with an igo-w tank, and find myself hard pressed to go anywhere else for my vaping needs.My favorite flavors were Fischer's Lovebird, Sancho, and Snow Owl. There is so much variety that sometimes it's just nice to chill and try a few.If you're new to vaping or just looking for another shop, you absolutely can't go wrong with Yosi. After just a few visits, it is clear that Yosi has done an impeccable job cultivating a friendly and helpful environment. Ask for Christian for sales, and Ross for his clean builds, they're both excellent dudes.
5	Came into yosi with my cousin and  got instant good vibes. I'm from Boston so vape shops are hella foreign to me. The employees were really helpful and straight forward with their product. They gave honest opinions on certain products and made me feel comfortable to ask questions. The place has hella good flavors. Definitely coming back again when I come out to Vegas again. Look for Christian dudes the man.
5	this place rocks..they have beautiful mods...nice juice..and friendly helping people to answer all your question...great place....I went from California to vegas and was glad I did...you must visit for your vaping need thanks for all the help yesterday...thanks for the builds thanks for a great fun time
5	This place is great, flat out. Big props to Aaron for setting me up with my first RDA. If you are near spring mountain I would recommend checking it out.
3	"YOSI VAPOR BOUTIQUE"REVIEW & NEW FLAVORS FOR WEEK OF                             3.1.14After a warm welcome from the Yosi Staff, and a convo with "Beanie Boy" about stripped connector threads on my "LilL Mama" smoker from SSV, we tried the sample bar looking for new vape flavors; they did not disappoint  :)-SPACE JAM'S-"ASTRO"-12mgs-VAPORALS-"Banana Cream"-12mgs-SUICIDE BUNNY'S-"Mama's Milk-12 mgs*I asked the patient and informative "Christian" who was assisting us what his favorite flavor was, and the latter did not disappoint!Though it was slow for a Friday night, (lucky for us or we couldn't have asked all the plethora of questions we did w/o feeling like we were inconveniencing the staff-they are also so knowledgeable, & friendly that you can't help but ask and pick their brains, LOL Luckily their slick flat screen Plasma and viewing area had some entertainment value-PPV Fight I think? That kept hubby busy while I was able to catch up on their inventory/distributor changes.It was good to see with the ever changing demands of Vape flavors & their dedicated service to supply their customers with their needs, that the customer service still remains the same as when it opened. The info they gladly give you on some of the product you bring in yourself (I had questions from not visiting for while, what can I say? LOL And trying to get DH to shop for me/us while I'm at home can be tedious to to say the least...Bottom line:Go in and keep up...This is going Global and it's only getting bigger!Thanks Yosi! Nicole S.LVGAMERGIRLPS-Sign up for rewards card to earn points towards a free juice...Now just try to get Hubby to use it LOLOL ;)PSS-YOSHI recommended we try Pink Spot Vapors for a tank that would fit my Smoker due to threading problems...Thanks again YOSI for all your help and the referral....NEXT REVIEW:My 5 min shopping spree at Pink Spot!
5	Dope shop! Chill employees with tons of information and facts on all of your needs! Cool music too. I feel comfy in here with the couches and the vibe
5	Aaron is awesome! He was so helpful. Explained everything and answered all our newbie questions. Best first time vape experience. Will definitely be back.
5	Great  service.  A great selection. And they really did a great job of explaining the mod as Christian built it.  Now I'm blowing clouds.  Thanks for everything!!
5	These guys had my back last Christmas. I walked in to the shop looking for a gift and also knowing nothing about vape. I was immediately greeted by Aaron who gave me the run down on a Ego-c twist 900, answered all my questions, let me try a whole selection of flavors and was real friendly and helpful. Keep it up YOSI!!! I will definitely be coming back.
5	From San Jose and visiting family in Vegas! We are totally gonna be coming back for all our vape needs! Thanks Christian and Howie!! Awesome bradahs!
5	If you ever need juice, mods, builds or any ecig needs make sure you check out Yosi Vapes. Large lounge area and very knowledgeable staff with large selection.
5	This place is magnificent. I knew nothing about vaping an the staff was able to inform me and get me a great deal on the kit before showing me how to take care of the new mod I purchased. Trust me, if you go here, you will be grateful. They have great e-juice flavors as well. It's just a great time.
1	Not the best customer service at all. Went in to get juice because a friend of mine told me how good it was. Started off tasting, wasnt to bad found a juice I liked. As soon as it came to asking a question about my mod it was like I was asking to much. He was more interested in what he was doing. I work in the the customer service industry and if your gonna treat people like that don't expect to be open very long.
5	I heard this place was epic from a lot of people, so I was aching to look through whatthey have. I even had to wait at home until their store opens!Went here on Wednesday in the afternoon. It wasn't busy and the employees were just chilling. The place looked cozy with cozy couches on one side of the store. I wanted to browse through their products but since I was on a tight schedule I asked them if I can get a chamber or the thingy-ma-jig that gets filled up with juice. I'm still a noob so Christian helped me with sizes and prices, so I was content with that. I had to come back a few minutes later after finding out I was missing the wick part with string! I don't know if it was the product, but it was my fault in rushing. He was kind enough to help me quickly.If you're someone like me who's trying e-cigs for the first time I would definitely come here and be prepared with questions. I didn't even know what to ask! Will be coming back for juices and equipment. Don't ever go to other vape stores. Smoke Marts are a no no!
5	I went to yosi along with my wife to get my advance vape. Man, Am I not disappointed. Aaron greeted us and asked me what am I looking for. I told him what I want and he gave me different options and explained what the difference between the vapes they have.  He also took his time to explain the different vapes vs the one I have. When I finally decided what I wanted Aaron introduced me to Ross who taught me how to rebuild my wick.  Ross did a great job explaining the steps to rebuilding the wick  I'm still learning but Aaron and Ross was willing to teach me. I'm definitely coming back.
5	Great pricing, kind staff members and a really chill environment. This is now my go to vape shop. Far from home but totally worth it~ ^.^
1	I really wish there was an option for zero stars in times like these. I will never, ever return to Yosi. Here's what happened. I wanted to get my girlfriend a Manhattan mod because she really liked it and her clone is falling apart. The vape shop we usually go to was sold out and we found out that Yosi had some left so we had them put one on hold. Everything seemed legit until we got home and my girlfriend posted a photo on Instagram of her new mod. IT WAS FAKE. the owner of Amerivape Technologies contacted us on Instagram asking where we bought the mod and informed us that they were clones. We were assured by Yosi that they were authentic and they were charging the authentic price. We were instructed to return to Yosi and return the fake mod and get our money back. Well, when my girlfriend went in they were super rude to her and kept insisting the mods were real even though she literally was on the phone with the owner of Amerivape. Long story short DO NOT TRUST YOSI VAPE. I'm very disappointed in their attitudes and ideas of customer service. How rude and inconsiderate of them!
5	Fantastic vape shop! Clean setup with plentiful, comfortable seating. Ross was very helpful and knowledgeable. Great selectiom of flavors and hardware.  Definitely recommend visiting the shop!
4	Yosi is a long standing store with a wide array of mods to choose from including authentic mods. Their store located in Chinatown is a little hard to see since its in the back corner of a strip mall, however once found you never forget where it is. Added that Chinatown's strip isn't very long that if you miss it, it isn't far to backtrack. I found the staff friendly and seasoned with their knowledge. The large store wrapped with red and black tones contains a hipster feel and certain level of edgy bad ass that makes it stand out in your memory. I have gone there three times now, twice I was acknowledged and greeted and once I had to stand in front of an employee to be acknowledged. They do carry an impressive line of juices which have been hit and miss for me. Most are hits, but I always seem to miss when they have 6mg in stock. This is great for them, but not as great for walk-in traffic looking for new stores to visit and find 6mg juice. Still an all around great store to visit amongst some great restaurants you could easily fill an afternoon where they are located.
5	Thanks for hooking me up Yosi,  my mod is off the hook!
5	Looking to Vape for the first time and decided to give this place a try after reading some reviews on Yelp.Staff is very friendly. I went in during Sat afternoon, not much people in there so lucky me! The first guy explained a lot to me between the different e-cigs. After selecting my e-cig, another guy, Aaron, was very helpful in letting me try out the different flavors they have, after going thru about 12+ flavors, I chose 2 of them, and Aaron was nice enough to help me assemble it together along with the flavor (juice/liquid). Showed me how to use my new e-cig, along with how to charge it and how to change out the filter piece when I need to.. etc.Overall, very friendly and knowledgeable stuff... I highly recommend them.
4	Haven't been to Vegas since before the vape scene really popped off. Finally came into town and decided to check out some of these shops I've heard about. First stop was Yosi.When I walked in I noticed how nice the setup was and definitely had a chill, lounge-vibe which I like. After looking around a bit I was acknowledged and was helped at the juice bar by Jessica. She was very friendly, helpful, easy to talk to, and to top it off - very cute! She recommended some of their better selling juices as well as some of her favorites. I work at a vape shop in the Bay Area so I was pleased to see plenty of juice they carried that aren't easy to come by out where I'm from. They have good deals on juice and most of their inventory is pretty standard and fair pricing. Ross, I believe that's what his name was, helped me get some prices on some of their other stuff. He was also helpful however he did seem a little distracted at times.The reason why I don't give this place 5 stars is because I wasn't really greeted when I first came in and it seemed like I was just interrupting a kickback at first. However, overall I did enjoy my experience. I wasn't rushed. I got what I needed and I was on my way. 4 1/2 stars if I could!
5	Nice vape shop, and friendly customer service. They didn't have my regular ejuice flavors but had some very similar and it was just as good. I don't see how people say they got bad service here, probably competition lol.
5	Great customer service. I love it! Vape On.Very personable. Lots of juices to test on there bar.
5	These guys are great.  They are very friendly and know their stuff.  I bought my very first RDA there.  They have a great selection of variable voltage and mechanical mods.  They have one of the best drip tip selections I have ever seen.  The atmosphere in the shop is very friendly and mellow.  Great shop.
5	great service they always hook you up of little things also awesome builders in town to get your vape build
5	Yosi vapes is the best vape shop in town! They have an awesome selection of vapes and flavors and were very helpful with customizing your vape. Definitely check it out!
4	Nice Place. These guys have a decent size shop. They had a fairly large selection of mods. from clones to genuine mods. i enjoyed talking to these guys. i was in a hurry(had a cab) but they were efficient and friendly. honest and fair priced. I will visit them again next trip to vegas.
5	Yosi Vapor is top notch! I actually went here a few weeks ago to ask about mechanical vapes since I'm tired of my EGO/Kangertech combo. Howie took the time to give me the run down on how they work, the components and the pricing for each part and I even got to try a few flavors. I told him I'd be back once I got the money to buy one.  Fast forward to today when I finally came back knowing exactly what I wanted: the K100 and IGO-W. Howie was on duty again and he pieced everything together and showed me how to build it, all while efficiently help other customers at the same time! Pretty impressive. I've been to a few vape shops here in the city, but I haven't felt more comfortable or welcomed than I did here. I felt more like a friend than a customer, it was quite refreshing. Definitely go to Yosi Vapor Boutique if you're looking to get into the world of mechanical vapes. Their pricing it pretty good for everything, including the juices and their customer service is amazing.
4	They have a great building bar.
5	Shout out to the great staff& products , best juices, super helpful& badass builds. They always know what I'll like and are just super cool...thanks again Ross and everyone else working there...this is a vape shop
5	Visited from CA, I highly recommend this vape shop in the 702. Great customer service! Classy and professional, ask for Russ!
