5	I have been waiting for months for this place to open.  It just opened tonight--12/13/13.  Wow--now that was a unique treat.I got the Italian Ice in Bada Bing Cherry.  This ain't no slushie or Slurpee.  When you get something like what they serve you in a 7-Eleven, you usually end up with an overly sweet half-frozen mess that already has an inch of melted candy water at the bottom by the time you leave the store.  This thing I had was COMPLETELY different here at Joe's.  This dessert had just about the consistency of fine wet sand--the kind you make sand castles with.  It was shot through with little chunks of fresh cherries.  The taste was intense, but just sweet enough.The most amazing thing about this Ice was that it didn't melt in the container AT ALL.  From the time I first started eating it until the moment I scooped out the last morsel at the bottom of the cup, it was frozen.  It didn't melt until it was in my mouth.  This stuff just held together.  The taste never waned either--it didn't get flat or watery tasting towards the end.  Just a great sweet treat from start to finish.As for the place itself, it's got a hodge podge of antiques scattered about--some fairly nice ones as well.  They're all laid out in themes--there's a row of old fans, a wall of old license plates, an old phone booth, stuff from ships, etc.  Cool retro ambiance.  Service was very friendly, and overall this was just a fun place to boost your mood and liven up your taste buds.Everyone around, come on up and visit this hip new Italian Ice and ice cream joint that just opened up in Tempe.  My whole family loved it.  Now that you know about it, you just gotta try it out.
5	Joe's has the best italian ice with real fruit in most of the flavors! my favorite is the Joe Latti.  Custard ice cream mixed with the italian ice. The workers are great and friendly and do a great job explaining all the different flavors and giving out samples of the different ice flavors. The new building is a great place to hang out.
4	Joe's is awesome! The service is actually very disorganized and awkward at best. After dealing with the confusing and long lines, however, you'll forget about it when you get your amazing dessert! I got the Mango Tango Joe's Latti (which is the Italian ice mixed with soft serve) and my husband got the Black Lemonade Italian Ice. We were both very happy! The ice stays soft and frozen for a long time so you don't feel like you have to eat it super fast. Also, some people were there JUST for the soft serve! Just go now.
5	LOVE this place!! My Sis and I dropped in when we drove by and it caught our eye, the guys running it were super nice, the decor is neat, and the chocolate malt was PURE HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My Sis had an apple pie ice blended with vanilla into a smoothie/shake and it was amazing!
4	We went by tonight to give Joe's a try. It was really crowded for a winter night, but the wait in line was worth it.  I had the Joe Latti with Bada Bing Cherry and chocolate ice cream. Wow. So good! Chucks of black cherry, great cherry taste that is not as cloyingly sweet as some attempts at cherry. Just....great. Will be back.
3	If this review were based solely on the Italian Ice it would get 5 stars. Don't you think that part of the Italian ice attraction is the way it looks? Shouldn't we be able to see it behind a glass display? I think so. Joe's is not set up that way. The product is hidden behind a second wall so that the workers have to run back and forth from the counter to the place where the product is to fetch it for you when you buy it. This takes time. When we arrived there was one customer in front of us and it took about 5 full minutes for us to get served. Too long. If the product was up front the server could tend to several people at once allowing everyone to take samples before they make their decision. The store is beautiful and it is too bad that all that money went into the place and there is such an important design flaw. Oh well, more about the product.The Italian ice is scrumptious with little bits of fruit in it and beautiful in color. It looks amazing. You will love the ice, give the Bada Bing Cherry a try and the mango is awesome too. Skip the soft serve ice cream, it is really not very gopod and tastes like it is loaded with chemicals (it tastes so artificial). Now that I've tried the place I know whet to get, so anytime I'm in the area I will make a b-line for Joe's, even if I have to wait.
1	The food was fine but the service was horrible. The older manager (possibly the owner) was berating an employee in front of customers. The kid didn't deserve any of it. Won't be back to this place if this is how employees are treated.
3	If this were based solely on the Italian Ice (Joelatti specifically), it would be an easy 5 stars.  The product is AWESOME!  So so so delicious and refreshing and pairing the ice with soft serve takes it to a whole new level.That being said, the staff here needs to get it together.  It has taken 20+ minutes for my boyfriend and I to get our order with just 1 or 2 people ahead of us in line.  Often there will only be one person working the register and getting orders, but there will be 3 or 4 employees in the back loudly goofing off when they should be coming to help customers.  I've even experienced these off-task employees coming and INTERRUPTING my ordering to play a joke on the person helping me.  Completely unprofessional and really sends the message that the customers don't matter.  In general, they also just don't move quickly.  I used to work at Cold Stone ice cream and we were trained to get people in and out the door in a certain amount of time, so we were always moving with haste so that people didn't have to wait.  Not the case here...I've been the only one ordering, no line, and it has taken ridiculous amounts of time to get my ice because the employees are just slow and goofing off.Manager, owner, whatever, you have to know that this is going on!  Train your employees and tell them to move faster, stop goofing off in the back, and get product moving so that people don't have to wait.  I know they're high-schoolers and it's just an ice cream shop but if they keep doing this your business will suffer.  You could have the best product in the world but if people have to wait so long every single time they aren't going to come back.
5	Refreshing creamy delicious cold treats are the specialty here, perfect for the warm Phoenix weather! I came in for the first time today. There was no one in line in front of us and the guy behind the counter took the time to explain the menu to us and offer us samples of the Italian ice and soft serve. We ended up ordering the joelatti, which was layers of soft serve and Italian ice.Man what a great combo! The ice is refreshing and tangy and the soft serve is SUPER creamy and thick. I've never had soft serve this good before.On top of the delicious desserts, the decor inside is quirky and fun. Lots of vintage memorabilia like old gas pumps, old timey fans, etc. Plus the whole place was super clean, which I always appreciate. I'm sure this place will become a regular spot for me to visit to satisfy my sweet tooth!
5	Wonderful Italian ice !! I love the root beer ! Yummy and cute inside !! Bring the kids sample are free !! It's a fun place !! Thanks Joes for coming to the valley of the sun ! We love the place !!
4	Friggin' love this place, not going to lie. I am here at least once a week. The ice is usually on the sweet side, but the texture is always perfect. I'll usually get a Joelatti, because the soft serve is out of this world amazing! They really should have put the ice up front though, and they have broken my heart a few times by changing up the flavors available (Tiger's Blood, come back!). Go to Joe's, you'll like it.
5	Joe's vanilla soft serve is out of this world yummy! Very friendly staff who provide a fun sampling of Italian ice experience. Karl is the fave so far!  Definitely a great family outing spot, chill date night, or fun evening splurge!
4	Cute place! Joe's Italian Ice has a retro, '50s feel to it. The interior has lots of memorabilia that's fun to look at. The menu is varied and there's a plethora of different flavors of Italian ice to choose from. We decided on a Joe-latti, a layered concoction of soft serve and Italian ice. We picked the granny smith Italian ice, which was nice in that it captured the "essence" of granny smith flavor, but none of the harsh tartness. It had a light texture that contrasted well with the thick, custard-like soft serve.While the menu's flavors are extensive, some of the more esoteric ones should have an explanation to what they are. For instance, I'm not even sure I could guess what a "Joe J", "Black Beauty" or "monster mash" is.Overall, a good place for dessert.
5	I love this place. My husband and I come here all the time. So many flavors and they are ALL delicious. You can sample anything you want so you know which one you want to buy, (try the Monster Mash!). Cute place to go with the family or for a date night. I'm sure in the summer this place will be extra booming with the Arizona heat and people wanting a refreshing treat. I highly recommend this place. And the owner is such a nice guy. The employees are all very friendly as well. 5 stars from me! Can't get enough!!
4	The sample cone for Italian ice are perfect size. If you have a little one. Under three years old.  Bam!!
4	To give you an idea of how much I love this place:Dude and I live less than two miles from Rita's South Tempe, and we go out of our way to drive to Joe's. It's just that good! Cute place, too. Always buzzing with ASU students in search of a late night sugar fix.We have done Joe's runs several times now and haven't been disappointed. Two of the times were very close to closing time, and the staff was still very friendly. You can sample just about anything you want.So far my favorite has been the Peanut Butter Cup ice. Yeup, you read that right! Like a frozen Reese's cup. Dude was a huge fan of the Snozberry and Monster Mash flavors.The Joe-Latti was just meh. The soft serve tasted  super artificial, kind of like Cool Whip. Rita's Gelati is the one up they have on Joe's. If you're looking for flavor explanations, there's a laminated sheet at the counter explaining what is what. Kind of wish they had all the fresh ices on display (and not behind a wall), but it's really no issue. Check out Joe's if you're looking to cool off - It's heating up fast this year, Phoenix!
5	Bada bing cherry is the greatest thing I've ever had!!!  Every time I find a fresh piece of cherry, it's like I struck gold.This is my favorite ice cream spot in AZ.  I have a Bahama Bucks and Dairy Queen near my house and I still drive 10min to go to Joe's instead.  They're different types of ice cream, but nonetheless I chose Joe's nearly every time.They have awesome interior and exterior seating, loaded with old school memorabilia.  They've got an original Mrs. Pac-man, an old phone booth, old school barber shop chair/stuff, old gas station pumps, and more.They always have a few special flavors of the day.  Try them, they give samples and are very friendly and helpful!.. Even with choosy, indecisive kids!  I've seen them give kids full ice cream come samples!Try the Joe-Latti - basically Italian ice w soft serve nestled at the bottom.They sell this stuff my the gallon!!   After you try it, you'll be considering loading your freezer with it!
5	The product is great, the ambiance is fun, and the store is very clean.  I have been reading some of the past reviews about the service, I have been going since it opened, and I can say that their service has definitely improved since, so maybe give it another try now that they have got some of the kinks worked out!
5	My favorite dessert in Orange County has come to be my favorite dessert in AZ! I was so excited they opened one in Arizona, that I came down the weekend shortly after I found out.  The ice is amazing, especially my favorite flavor, bada bing cherry. The staff is always super friendly, and the store is clean and has lots and lots of cool things to look at and play with (old telephone booth, various bells and whistles)
5	Popped in today to check this place out as I've always been curious. I chatted with the owner for a bit. He was extremely nice and seemed passionate about the place. He gave me a couple of samples which were both delicious - one had a hunk of real fruit in it. Really flavorful. I left with a mango flavored Ice, and it was pretty amazing. I'm new to this sort of cold treat - it's not ice cream, and it's not sherbet or sorbet or yogurt or frostee or shave ice or gelato. It's something else. It's surprisingly rich and flavorful and creamy for being ice based. It stayed cold in my car for over an hour - even had to leave it in the parked car for like 25 minutes at one point. I was surprised it held up and didn't just turn into flavored water. I meant to save some for my girlfriend, but I finished it off before I got home. I'll have to go back. Good thing it isn't that far away. If you've ever been curious, it's worth your time to stop by. It's May and currently heading into the 100s with Summer basically upon us. Knowing this is here and that they have refreshing and tasty low calorie alternatives to ice cream means I'll be returning.Yum.Oh, and as for the decor - the place is nice and clean and smells pleasant. It's decorated kinda kitschy - as though the owner is a collector of old cool Americana style artifacts. It's pretty neat.
5	I've been in here a fee time in the last few months and they have been amazing! Great service and great sweet treats! I love that they rotate the flavors! They have made a permanent customer out of me!
5	I love, love, love the Cherry Italian Ice here.  It has chunks of cherries in it.  So, so good!  Great place to go for a sweet treat.  I want one in South Chandler!!!!
2	The decor is wonderful. Honestly, it makes up for the lackluster Italian Ice.As you can see from all the photos, there is a lot to see. It is very cute, but not too crowded inside. Old timey phones are everywhere.Free Ms. Pac Man was a plus.However, at the end of the day I came here for Italian Ice. I got half cherry and half lemon. Lemon was by far tastier, but overall I would stick to Bahama Bucks. It was watered down, and not quite what I expected.
4	How to prompt Kate's embarrassment - call me out for being at your shop twice in less than 24 hours.Briefly, this stuff is good.  Much better flavors than Rita's, for example.  The Bada Bing would be better if it didn't have chunks of cherries.  A flavor or two taste pretty artificial to me (which...they are so no biggie).My favorite flavor, which is so rarely actually served, is horchata.Pure. Bliss.Just try to not get called out by the on-their-toes employees!
4	Husband from Philly where he grew up on real Italian desserts. Tried this place instead of the usual ice cream run since it's a few short miles from our house. Yum! He tried the lemon ice-- hubby's favorite flavor of all time in ices. He was thrilled. Be warned -- it's very tart but it's real lemon juice folks. I had the mango. So tasty. We both had medium sized ices. The size is that of a styrofoam coffee cup. It  is $3.49 and really worth it. You could get 1 tiny scoop  of ice cream at Cold Stone for that price it would not be as satisfying.Ices are well churned and not grainy or slushy.  I agree with another reviewer that the ices and ice cream should be up front so you can see what to order. Lovely young lady at the counter did offer a free sample before we even had a chance to look around. Nice touch.Had to deduct a star for serving Dreyer's ice cream instead of  store made. But really-- who's coming for ice cream when you can get that anywhere. Go for the ices!!
3	The Ice is good but they have no flavors available! Also Brett or whatever his name is nice but not very helpful
5	With twelve others. All of our deserts where great. I had a joe latti root beer.  They offered me a sample before and the customer service was friendly. I like there ice cream better them the custard at Rita's.
4	Joe's Italian Ice has it all:  It has charm, cold delicious treats, and it has variety!Living about 2-3 miles away from Rita's, I always find myself navigating just a bit farther to Joe's instead for my sweet indulgent treat.  It's a cute little shop, always filled with families and ASU students, with an always impressive menu.  I'll admit I was a bit overwhelmed by all their choices at first but there's nothing the menu can't explain and you can always ask their friendly cashiers.  My favorite flavor so far is the Peanut Butter Cup.  Chocolate & peanut butter are soulmates.  Period.  If you're a fan of soft serve, get a Joe-latti!  It's creamy and almost reminiscent of the kind of soft serve you can get at McDonald's and adds a little creaminess to your Italian ice.It's summertime and this hot rock called Arizona is unforgiving!  Cool off and head to Joe's if you know what's good for ya!
5	LOVE Joe's Italian Ice! We'd go to the one in Anaheim every day when we went to Disneyland and we were so thrilled that they opened one in Arizona! We tell all of our friends and family about this place and everyone loves it. The ice cream is unreal! Best soft serve! My favorite thing to get is a strawberry joe-latti -highly recommend it, you cannot go wrong! We've tried Rita's before and it doesn't even hold a candle to Joe's! Everyone should try this place -there is nothing better!
5	Joe's is the perfect place to go on a hot summer day.  When we walked in, we were greeted immediately by a free sample of pineapple ice that was soooo good.  I ended up getting Strawberries and cream and my mom got Tiger's Blood- a mix of strawberry, watermelon and coconut.  They were both great tasting flavors.  The service was awesome and they were willing to let us taste anything we wanted.
4	This place is great. Not only Italian ice, but great soft serve desserts. Really refreshing and you don't get the "I ate too much ice cream" feeling (bonus). They give free mini cones to kids, too. Give this place a try!
2	Yet another place I could wait to experience.  Miss the Italian Ice trucks on the boardwalk in New Jersey from when I was a kid.I was blown away by the menu prices when I walked in.  So high for ice and ice cream!Was handed a sample of the tigers blood ice.  It was actually my favorite part of the experience.  I asked to try the pink grapefruit out of curiosity.  Didn't like it much.  At this point I just ordered the smallest one of bada bing cherry.  Liked the chunks of cherry in the ice but not the overall flavor of the ice.  I also really wanted watermelon when I walked in.Won't bother going back.
5	Loved this place! Was my first time going and I loved the retro decor and especially loved that while waiting in line, the workers brought various Italian ice samples to try.I ended up getting the cookies and cream Italian ice which was sooo good and my boyfriend got strawberries and cream, which I didn't think would be my thing, but was also delicious. I can only imagine everything is delicious here!
5	Amazing!  Best italian ice i've ever tried.  We were first introduced to it in CA and found out there was one here in Tempe!  Wonderful customer service and a super cool atmosphere.  Met the owner tonight, what a neat guy!  Thanks for the great quality product, loved it!
5	A friend took us to Joes a few years back when we were in California. We loved it. It had the best Italian ice and THE BEST soft serve ice cream I had ever had.  We were reintroduced to it while on a trip to Disneyland and fell in love with it all over again. While we were there we found out they had one open In Tempe. We wetn there tonight for our anniversary and it's still the best. Don't go to 31 whatevers or Coldstone. Go to Joes and have a Joe Latti you won't regret it. Then tell your friends!
5	Love this place! My new favorite addiction! And Joe the owner is so amazing & nice. Ask if Joe is in the house and say hello...
4	A cute, fun place to go to cool off with some Italian ice in this AZ heat. Heck, I'd go even when it's 40 degrees outside. I'm typically not a big fan of Bahama Bucks/Sno-Cones etc. and am more of a Gelato girl, but I was pleasantly surprised by the yummy deliciousness! I really liked the coconut and strawberries and cream Joe-lattie style! Some friends had cookies and cream and peanut butter and those were yummy too. Decor is cute, place is clean, staff is nice and friendly- I'm a fan. Will definitely be back :)!
5	My favorite ice cream spot in Arizona!  15+ years and I finally have found soft serve ice cream like I can get at creamery's on the East coast. Italian ice too.  I've always been an exclusive fan of chocolate Italian ice and after a few visits, they finally had it. It was delightful.  The prices are a little more expensive which prevents us from going from more frequently. Also, one of the only places in Arizona where I can find chocolate sprinkles!  Delicious!
2	We have driven by Joe's Italian Ice many times & have seen the parking lot full almost every time, so on this hot AZ day, we stopped by. Firstly there were only a couple of ladies working so the line was moving rather slowly but when it was finally our turn, we received good service. I had a couple of questions about the flavors & would have probably been given a sample if I had asked for it.I ended up selecting the small Wild Cherry Italian Ice. Was it good? Yes. Was it great? No. And would I get it again? Nah, probably not. Agreed, the price is cheap, but there was just nothing impressive or memorable about this place that will make me return any time soon.
3	Compared to Rita's, the only other nearby Italian ice place I know of, the prices are quite high. A small at Joe's costs about the same as a regular at Rita's, which is significantly larger. I should note that the I did enjoy the horchata ice a lot though, despite its creamy, pasty texture (as opposed to the brittle texture at Rita's).
5	We originally found Joe's while vacationing in Anaheim and were SO HAPPY that they have one close to us in Tempe. The atmosphere of this place is AMAZING. I love how they are so patient while you decide from the infinite list of ever changing flavors, and let you sample everything you like! Service is amazing, and of course the product is one of a kind. Nothing compares!!!! We will definitely be visiting frequently.
5	This place is awesome!I was enjoying some Teds Hot Dogs (3 times in the last 5 days......that's another story in itself..but anyways....) and looked across the street and noticed a Joe's Italian Ice.  I hit up my phone to see if this was THE Joe's of Anaheim fame.  Yep..sure was!  They have 2 in OC and this one here in the desert.  Teds and Joes back to back?  Yes..yes indeed.  After my dogs, I came over here to get some dessert.I walked inside and placed my order for a large Joe Latti ( Vanilla custard on the bottom, Italian Ice in between and then more custard on top) with 2 flavors.  I chose Bada Bing Cherry and Red Raspberry.  Paid the lady my money and took a seat.  This place is COOL!  They have a bunch of retro stuff all around and even candy machines for a nickel etc.  She whipped up my concoction and I dug in.  This thing was awesome!  The Bada Bing Cherry is FULL of huge pieces of cherries.  The red raspberry was good but not as flavorful as the dark deep red of the cherry.  I would probably get all Bada Bing Cherry next time.The custard is nice and creamy and doesn't taste like whipped cream (Ritas...I'm looking at your nasty ass custard!)  The combo of ice and custard blend together very well.  The large one is gigantic too.  Its probably too much frozen dessert for one man to eat but I plowed through it and it was delicious. I am super stoked they have one of these here.  Teds and Joes is a perfect one two punch.  I will be back in due time.  This ice is so good, its totally worth driving out here from anywhere in the valley.
4	Great for kids!! But, NO HIGHCHAIRS??? Boo!  Other than that it was great for my 4yr old and 18 month old. Actually different than the normal IceCream shop per-say. They even have outdoor misting system outside with artificial grass area to sit. And if you are cursing by in you pedal bike they also have rack in front.
1	At least 12 security cameras inside.  The order is taken then made by the same person which takes much longer than it should.  Anywhere else you go will have better soft serve ice cream.  The prices are kinda steep considering the amount.  One last negative it has a strange odor.  If they could fix the odor and the order fulfillment procees it would possibly deserve 4 stars because the italian is actually pretty good.  To bad there is a strange odor, service is slow and the soft serve is lousy.  The good news is that if a crime ever goes down inside they should have plenty of video footage.
1	Very disappointed! We were in the area and decided to go to Joe's and try it out for the first time (usually we go to Ritas). We parked, walked inside, cute decor nice options on the menu but there was a line. No big deal, we stood in line and figured it would move along...no...hardly. I don't know if it was the cashier(s) or the customers but after waiting 15 minutes in line and only moved a couple steps we decided the wait wasn't worth it. We weren't the only people to decide we weren't going to wait, 2 other couples ended up walking away before us and then shortly after we left. It was obvious there was a line, it was obvious people were leaving because the wait was too long, and not once none of the employees said anything, didn't step up to help with the line, nothing!! Joes could have yummy Italian ice, but I wouldn't know since I couldn't order, not in 15 minutes anyways. Who knows when I'll try it or if I even will.
4	If you like Italian Ice ... you should give Joe's a try. I am so glad a friend told me about Joes Italian Ice. These italian ices are very close to what you get in the city (I think the Italian Ices at Joe's might be better).I grew up in New York and have always enjoyed Italian Ices.  So, when I hear about italian ices in my area, its a pretty good bet I am going to stop and give it a try. The decor at Joe's  is like a old soda shop.  The servers are friendly and they offer samples of any flavor you want to taste. My nephew and I  sampled just about everything in the shop before we made our final choices.On my first visit I went with the Bada Bing Black Cherry and my nephew had the vanilla custard.  My black cherry ice was so good.  I wouldn't have shared if I hadn't wanted to try my nephews vanilla custard.  The Italian ice was sweet, refreshing,  with bits of real fruit inside. It was absolutely delicious as was the vanilla custard. I will be sure to go back. There are so many flavors I can't wait to sample.
3	In a nutshell, it was okay.  It's clean, reasonably priced, I guess, great for families, but I wasn't blown away.  The guy running the register is also the one making your order, so it can take a bit for your order to get out.  I got the Joe Latti with a mix of peanut butter cup and chocolate, and it was a little too rich for me.  Maybe I should've gotten something fruity instead.  I didn't have any expectations of Italian Ice going in and well, this experience, the wait, okay dessert, and lack of guidance at the counter (the guy seemed a little exasperated), doesn't quite give me any urge to come back again any time soon.  Maybe you might have a better experience if you liked Italian Ice.  Ah well.
5	So so good!!! Neat atmosphere to just enjoy some ice cream/ Italian ice! Everything tastes perfect. Love that you can sample the flavors. Definitely a hang out spot to just cool off from the heat. Staff are friendly!
4	It was a late night after the pumpkin patch and we decided we want some italian ice (I've never had it). It was a cute place. It kind of has a diner feel to it. The girls that were taking the order/cashier was super nice. If you want to try any of the flavors, they will gladly let you sample. So i took advantage of it and tried the pistachio ice cream and lemon ice. Lemon was too sour, in my opinion; so I went with the Mango Ice, which was more tart and better than the lemon. It is so good. I did not realize there was an extra layer of ice cream on the bottom so when I ran out ice cream at the top (it was ice cream on top, ice in middle and ice cream on bottom), I was so sad. I digged a little more and I saw green...and my eyes lit up! I was like YAY!I had my best friend's ice which was wild cherrys....oh my lanta, it was soooo good. I wish I had that with my pistachio ice cream. Would have been great chirstmas combo.I must say, though, I got a brain freeze. I guess it is better to have it outside on a sunny day, than inside the shop where it was (to me felt like -5 degrees) cold. I am definitely a fan and we agreed to come back again for another date night!
2	I believe reviews on Yelp should be based on personal opinion.  I have to give Joe's one star for their Ices. I am sure there are people in the world that love this particular texture, but it tastes like eating flavored sand to me. I am more of a "wet" Italian ice person and Joe's makes them very "dry". Rita's is 4 miles down McClintock and well worth the trip. We've tried this place three times and never gotten speedy or knowledgable service.They do get an additional star for the cute environment. Our only reason to go to Joe's is they are open an hour later than Rita's and your daughter won't stop crying until she gets an "Icee Treat" to help her fever.
5	Love this place!   As a matter of fact, I think my family and I love it a little too much.  At least that's what our waist lines would seem to indicate lately.   :-)If you don't know what an Italian ice or "water ice" is,  think slushy on steriods.  In some cases there is real fruit in them too.  I highly recommend this place.
