5	I came to the Hard Rock Cafe for the first time in my life, totally alone in Vegas, and I hella dig it here.  The crowd around the bar are varied and chill, and the bartenders are insanely nurturing.  I must have been asked "are you all right, honey?" at least 8 times.There's a fantasmic-shmastic mixed drink here called the Pickled Tink: raspberry Stoli, pina colada and Grenadine.  I had two.  Also, their french fries can't be beat.
4	Veggie garden burger, fries and pina colada. Good music in the background. Feels like a holiday!
3	Went here to see memorabilias and to visit the Rock Shop.....they've got cool Hard Rock gear - I ended up shopping for my Christmas list here.
3	i was drunk when i ate there, but here's a review nonetheless...minus one star because the hard rock serves pineapple in their joe perry's "rock your world" quesadilla appetizer...as in, there were pineapple pieces IN the quesadilla...as in, the quesadilla was sweet.  that is so messed up.  fruits of all varieties, please stay out of my meals!  except tomatoes.  tomatoes, you can stay.  oh, and you too, avocado.  i love you both.so i gave my boyfriend a hard time (because he knows i hate fruit with my food and apparently "pineapple" and "mango peach tango salsa" didn't set off alarm bells in his head), he snapped at me, i got mad that he snapped at me, and as a result, there was no trip to pleasuretown that night...or the morning after.  hmph!  joe perry's "rock your world" quesadilla, thanks for ruining my life!the HRC cheeseburger and fries were good in the traditional sense.bottom line: good satisfying grub, but nothing to write home about...especially the kitschy Las Vegas theme.BONUS: jakob dylan's autographed guitar hung on the wall right in front of my face (behind my boyfriend's head).  that was awesome.
4	Food was good.Service was great, nice people.Cafe was pretty cool.  They play music videos on their many flat screen TVs.  They have a bunch of memorabilias to look at.  Small store is also attached.
4	The night we went this place was PACKED with people probably from the fashion tradeshows but we still managed to have a good time. We checked out relics from Kurt Cobain, admired the circular bar, drank a few drinks, then cabbed it back to Mandalay Bay. Compared to the crappy Hard Rock I went to in LA, this place rocks.
4	awesome food, great atmosphere.  our waiter was very nice and helpful.  take a cab if coming from the strip, it is a long walk.  but a free shuttle will return you to the strip after your meal
3	If you've been to one Hard Rock Cafe, you've been to them all.  But there's still a novelty to seeing Jimi Hendrix hot pants combined with a hi-hat used by Styx that makes it an appealing choice once in a while.  The Las Vegas location is situated near the Hard Rock Hotel.  You'd think there'd be a Hard Rock Cafe inside the Hard Rock Hotel, but you'd be wrong.  What's cool about this HRC is the massive guitar/sign at the entrance.  I wish I knew the guy who went to five years of architect school for that one.  I recall getting a macaroni and cheese that came with some type of toast or garlic bread.  It was tasty enough and the server kept my coke filled, which is really a pet peeve when that doesn't happen.  I watched Stevie Ray Vaughn and Aerosmith videos.  I got a t-shirt on the way out.
2	I had never been to a Hard Rock and never really had the desire to but we had some time to kill after checkout and before the flight, so I thought, why not?  Well for one the food is way too expensive for the quality.  It was definitely nothing special.  It was neat to finally be in a Hard Rock though and I did enjoy seeing the KISS members when I walked in.  =)  But the food was subpar and my mixed drink had little floaties in it, that I think were supposed to be there, but were distracting and gross.  I can't say I will be going to another Hard Rock anytime soon.
3	... we spent about an hour-twenty here.  So I'm told.We INTENDED to catch a cab after lunch at Hofbrauhaus across the street [http://www.yelp.com/biz/hofbrauhaus-las-vegas#hrid:LFSpiDUZx54FA6cK7oTi9g], BUT "hey, let's catch a cab!" somehow turned into "hey, let's do shots!"  So I'm told.... which turned into 5 rounds of shots.  So I'm told.But inside that hour-twenty, the packed restaurant, with its Rock history paraphenalia and memorabilia is entertaining.  Throw in a dozen televisions, blaring music, and impromptu staff/customer singalongs and a good time is sure to be had.___________________________________________Singalongs to "YMCA" and "Greased Lightening" involve table dancing and bootie-shaking.  So I'm told.
3	Great place to sober up in between trips to and from the bar. I have eaten here a great many times after embarrassing myself and others at Body English. This time we ordered 2 plates of the buffalo wings, which were some of the best I have ever had, and fries. Check totaled about $25, and the service was super fast and friendly. Totally low key and nothing to really rave about, but if you find yourself in the Hard Rock and need something to nosh on, and don't want to spend a fortune this is your place.
3	Is this pool for real? Are the boobs in this pool for real? Is anything floating in this pool for real? Will someone please give one of these skinny bitches a sandwich??I've never seen so many beefy tattooed men with ripped abs with floozies on their arms. Rock music pumping, inner tubes bouncing.. this pool is way too cool for me.Body English is where these people flock to for their late night dance hip hop party. Don't even think of coming here unless you look good. Oh and if you have a penis, that's going to be a problem. A big one. (no pun intended) Come early and expect to drop some money at the door.
3	No complaints about the food. We had nachos, a side of their macaroni and cheese (yum!) and a side of ceaser salad. Ok. I know the Hard Rock Cafe is more fun than your average restaurant. But I don't think the waiters should hit on you unless solicited. Mr. Waiter even had the audacity to pull up a chair, sit down at our table and say "well I'm bored, its a slow night so I'm going to hang out with you ladies." Not cute. So I dropped an obvious "boyfriend bomb" to try and send a hint across, but no luck. As he handed me the bill he proposed a date. Hint clearly did not make the point earlier. ATTENTION CUTE WAITERS: We the customer must initiate the "hitting on" for it to be ok for you to return it.
3	The Hard Rock Cafe is off the main Strip but my girlfriends and I travel there once in awhile for after work drinks. We usually meet the most interesting people there. Sit at the bar and socialize --- you will be surprised who you meet.
4	great atmosphere-100% rock n roll. good service unless it's really busy!! lots of seating mostly booths. a large circular bar & lots of tv's playing music videos. the burgers are the best sround.seasoned & cooked perfectly & huge!!! a little pricy-2 people can eat for @ $50. we enjoy the burgers & of course the $8 chocolate shakes!! a must if you are visiting.
4	Ok.... glitz... glamour... whatever...  I don't buy into that fluff.My mom was actually the one that said that she wanted to go here... something about some gift cards that she had been toting around... ok fine..I think it had really been about 10 years since i've been to a Hard Rock Cafe.... I think it was in New Orleans... and it wasn't that memorable.This one was a pretty good experience.I still had my doubts as I was looking over the menu...  $15 for a 10oz burger?  ouch...  I wasn't even going to look on the menu for the $8 shake... thats just out of hte question.So I ordered a burger to share with my wife... and a side of the Mac&cheese that I read on here was good.The wait was on the long side....which as it turns out... I noted, but was entertained enough for it not to matter.  I know this will show my taste in music, but here's what I remember of what was playing:Billy Idol  - White weddingRolling Stones - Paint it blackViolent Femmes - Blister in the SunLive - Lightning CrashesGreen Day - some song I forgot the namePaul Mcart - some other song where when he sings he sticks his neck out like a chicken(oh wait.. that's all of them)some Billy joel song....the food came and the burger was quite good... the Mac and cheese was pretty durned guud too.I wandered into the store, and while a onesie for the little girl was a bit on the pricey side at $14, a button down casual shirt for me at $40 wasn't too bad... we'll see how long it lasts.Overall... I was won over again.. I still don't like the fact that you pay a variable cost of being there in the amount of food that you order, but it's ok as a once-in-a-long-while place to eat.
2	definitely not worth the money, but i feel this way about most of the hard rocks that i have been to.  the service was just ok and the nachos i ordered had toppings on just the top chips....the bottom chips were bare............i would not go again.
2	Slow, slow, slow, slow service. Decent food, but holy hell it took 15 minutes to get noticed, but after that our simple order of corn flake chicken strips was delivered rather promptly. Had a nice chat with the good looking waitresses; too bad we had a waiter :-(The chicken was good except my throat was raw from alcohol and it was a bit hard to work down haha
3	Shared a plate of ribs with some sides.  Ribs were really good.  The meat fell off the bone and had just enough bbq sauce.  I wasn't big on the sides as I'm not big on sides to begin with.Had the nachos as an appetizer..eh.  The cheese was melted on the chips, but it was not warm at all.  When you ask for guacamole, I'd expect enough for a large plate of nachos.  Was that like a quarter size avocado?Service was great.  Our server was on top of it with the drinks and upselling their rewards card and % off on merchandise etc.  That was fine, besides we talked about other stuff and she was pleasant.It's kind of out of the way to come to this place, since it's off the strip.  If I happen to gamble at the casino there then I'd pay this place a visit again.
5	Loved the environment and the food here. I'll be here again next time I come to Vegas.
3	So I had the veggie burger. It was not a garden burger that you buy in the frozen aisle of a grocery store. there was a veggie patty, but they added zucchini, yellow squash, and others. They also added salsa, which i did not like. Overall, okay sandwich, okay restaurant, but I would not necessarily come back here.
3	Hard Rock Cafe is two blocks from the strip on Paradise Rd. It is easily identifyable by the enormous, topographically-incorrect neon Les Paul bolted to the front. The place is loud and full of tourists, yet the service is friendly and efficient. They make a good avocado and pepperjack burger, however the steak fries were a bit underfried and very salty. Hard Rock has some nice tunes and rock memorabilia strewn across the walls, they also have a gift shop where you can another Hard Rock shirt for future painting days.
5	I've been to a Hard Rock Cafe in just about every major city I've been to, which is A LOT. This Hard Rock is the Bee's Knees! Granted we got there at about 11am, right at opening and just in time for lunch, the place was already rockin. Elvis is alllll over that Hard Rock, should've known!We had some great food, some nachos and burgers and some great drinks that hit the spot. We had an even better waitress, much better than at other HRCs I've been to.As all other HRCs, the place was adorned with rock treasures from years past. There were flat screens everywhere showcasing music videos and performances. It's just an all around fun place to eat and hang out, gotta love it!
2	While staying at the Hard Rock hotel, my friends and i decided a trip here was necessary. Our waiter, John, was awesome! I split the Mac n cheese with my friend and it was super good. Having been to a couple of other Hard Rock Cafe's, I was a little disappointed with this one, it just didn't seem as extravagant.
3	As this location is a bit off The Strip I can imagine that it wouldn't be as busy as some of the other downtown locations. This Cafe was small in comparison to others I have been in and the store was tiny! The food, of course, was as great as it always is. They have a couple new items on their menus (apparently these were added last week, lucky us!). I would recommend everything except the Peanut Butter tiny dessert thing. I love peanut butter, don't get me wrong, but this was lacking another flavor. It tasted like I dipped my spoon in a jar of smooth peanut butter. There should have been another layer of chocolate sauce or cookies, or graham crackers. That would have been top notch then. All in all, a great experience.
3	Good food, great memorabilia, but terrible parking. More on that later.I decided to have dinner at the Hard Rock Cafe one night because I had one tickets to a concert at the Joint, inside the hotel/casino. As a fan of rock music, I'd been wanting to eat in this place for a long time. The first thing I noticed upon arrival - shitty parking. There were HARDLY ANY SPACES, over half of which were blocked off for valet use only. I looked all around for a place to park - none whatsoever. The guy at the valet booth gave me directions to a garage, but I never found or saw it. The only garage I was able to find was for Hard Rock employees only. I finally had to park in a lot across the street. This story continues later in the review. The restaurant itself is jam-packed with memorabilia. What Planet Hollywood is for movies, this place is for rock music. Memorabilia from every popular rock band you can possibly imagine is in here. Not to mention they sell plenty of items in their gift shop. It's a music lover's paradise. The food was very good. Not the best cuisine I've had in the Vegas Valley, but it was certainly good. Definitely better than I would have expected for a restaurant like this that focuses more on its gimmick than its food, although my girlfriend's mashed potatoes did taste like they came out of a TV dinner. Other than that, all the food was fine.Remember the parking situation I talked about before? It gets worse. When I returned to my car, I found a big "violation" tag on it, and a boot. I HAD TO PAY A $200 FINE TO HAVE IT REMOVED. In other words, I had to pay more money to have this thing removed than I would have paid if I had BOUGHT the concert tickets I had won. Why should I have to suffer because the Hard Rock can't provide adequate parking to its customers? Seriously and literally, I parked in the ONLY PLACE I COULD FIND, and was made to suffer for it.And just a heads up - If you buy a souvenir glass in the restaurant, they WILL NOT LET YOU TAKE IT IN THE CONCERT VENUE. This is utter bullshit, considering it was merchandise from THEIR FACILITY, and it is a SITTING venue (this isn't a raucous "standing room only" venue!) So I had to walk all the way to the coat check booth to deposit it during the show. The Hard Rock Cafe is a great place for music lovers, but do yourself a favor and take a cab there. The parking is THAT bad. And don't even think about parking across the street unless you want to pay a hefty fine.
4	this review is more aimed at the Gift Shop at the cafe, as I did not eat at the cafe.  However, when I receive excellent customer service somewhere, I have to alert the masses!   My parents were here from MA and my dad just HAD to get a Hard Rock Cafe - Las Vegas Shirt.  The gift shop is well set up and the girl working the counter was AWESOME.  Super friendly and accommodating.  She built a solid rapport and completed the transaction with a smile.  I know, doesnt sound like it was out of the ordinary, however, I can be a tad snobbish with the trendy younger crowd places.  I have ran into too many people at these places that are too cool for their job.  But she did a wonderful job
3	I'm a huge music fan and anytime I'm in a new city I hit the Hard Rock if its an option.
2	The worst Salmon I've ever had. The service was garbage. The restaurant was dirty and again... the worst Salmon I've ever had. I've been to my share of Hard Rock Cafe's so, for food, service, cleanliness.. I'll have to give two thumbs down in a 360 rotation.
3	What can I say? You know what the Hard Rock is all about.
2	I went with several of my coworkers for dinner here and had a so so experience. We had to wait almost 30 minutes for a table to open up for us. There were 9 of us and they only had 1 table that could fit us even though it was half empty in there. I ordered the New York strip, medium doneness and it was dry and had no flavor. The only good thing was the waitress was nice and attentive to our needs. Other than that, this is a so so restaurant.
5	We hosted a small party of about twenty people here on a Friday night in October 2010 and it was 100% perfect.  They have three party packages to choose from and they're all reasonably priced.  I booked everything via email and it was super easy.  They set us up on one side of the restaurant and seated the other diners on the opposite side, which was really nice.  The food was yummy, they let us hang out for as long as we wanted, and our servers were so awesome.  The memorabilia helped keep the conversations rolling and the atmosphere was perfect for a relaxed get-together for our friends and family.
2	Came here last August because My friends and I were staying at the Hard Rock. Uhhh, Not much to say but their food is mediocre. Came in during Mid day. It was very dead so I cant say much about the atmosphere. Maybe it gets better at night who knows?Anyways,  I believe I had their Mac and Cheese and Buffalo wings? Oh and their coconut mojito? I forgot. But eh, I wouldn't come here again.
2	OMG.. Unless your a tourist and just want to give your money away.. stay away.. seriously.. the nachos are like $17 with chicken and are so average. The food was average but tasted tainted knowing i was getting jacked up on the bill. Service was great.. (Why not I was like one of 5 people there getting abused). So if you want to give your money away.. give me call.. I will make u some mach and cheese or something and charge u $20.. let u check out my collection of vintage vinyl and bam.. your getting a better deal than that joint.. Wont repeat unless I am looking to take some sales rep deep or something.. it blows..
4	I have to say much better than before, not sure what happend but it worked for us. 1. Food was killer, had a burger and it was done up right. 2. Ice-T was good for once at a place in VEGAS!  3. Staff was cool to me and my son, asked him what music video he would like to see and they played it all over the place. 4. Only reason we didn't give a 5 was at the end the server asked me if it was cool if he gave my son a milkshake, I advised cool deal thats nice of you.  Then it showed up on the bill.  If you are going to try that hard to sell a 3$ shake then why not just say hey a shake comes with his meal for $3 more are you interested, I would have bought it. I am not stressing on it, just mentioning that he made it sound like he wanted to hook the little guy up, at the end my kid was like DAD that guy was nice to buy me a shake, I just let it ride. Would come back again, hell that burger sounds good right now.
4	Very friendly and helpful employees in the store area.  Except that one guy who was dogging on the Univ. of South Florida!  ;)  Prices are reasonable, layout is good.  Good job over there, folks.
4	My 6 oz. burger with Jack and bacon was so good here!! We came here on a Sunday afternoon for a quick lunch. The place was quiet for noon when we first entered. A few minutes later, the hungover crowds came, which made the noise level go up significantly. On a side note, I thought the decor was pretty cool in the restaurant. In a nutshell, the service was great and the food was great. I'd definitely come back here again!
5	Never deviated from the strip but this trip was worth it. Came to Hard Rock to go to their infamous concert/club The Joint to see Tiesto in concert. 3 levels of party is what wowed me! It was pricey for this Labor Day Weekend, costs us $3000 to get a table, $2000 for a bottle of patron, I'm not sure how much the bottle of Jack and 2 Grey Goose costs but at the end of this fun night total was $7900! Well worth the enjoyment and experience.
2	Mainly only 2 stars because the food was very overpriced even for having all the cool decor. Paid $21 for a nachos appetizer ($12 + $6 for adding meat and another $3 for guacamole) which was good but not worth the money. Also $15 for a burger and fries which was also good but not exactly $15 good. The server was very friendly but I did have to ask for a refill after my drink went empty and unnoticed. Overall the food was decent but it is hard to justify paying $21 for what is just as good as a  super nachos from Robertos. If your on vacation and not on a budget then it is a pretty cool place, lots of memorabilia. If you are on a budget then you may want to avoid this one.
4	We went here to eat when we arived in Las Vegas.... As you should know if you have ever been to a hard rock that they are very loud with music.  Our server was very nice and the manager came around to each table and asked how the servace was. i got the bacon burger it was amazing couldnt finish it though. the servers had great attitude but it was a very pricy meal and of cource you have to buy a t shirt and that doant come cheap! but i would go back but it wouldnt be my first choice.
3	Came in for a lunch burger.  Very empty and so service was great.  Drink was never empty.  Burger was very nicely done.  Music selection could be a bit better, maybe an off day.  Decorations was a plus, good experience.  Place is clean.Parking is largely and easy.
2	2.7 stars - average food, good service, zero atmosphere. Came here with a large group for work - was sadly empty on a Thurs. evening - felt  like a family restaurant .... Wings were average, nothing to rave about - nachos were slightly better. Smokehouse chopped salad was fresh and a good break from the Vegas usual. Drink menu is fruity cocktails, on the too-sweet side. Service was prompt and efficient, but other than convenience/service, no compelling reason to frequent this cafe unless you're on this side of town.
1	what..... a..... dump!!!! i went here with a friend for a drink. i made a terrible mistake. i ordered a cup of coffee at the bar.... 6 BUCKS!!!! what're you, nuts? you think i'm gonna pay 6 buc--- ok, i did. well, i might have got arrested if i tried to make a run for it. but 6 bucks!!! you know what else? the manager of the place was a world-class dweeb. he stands behind you and stares, then he goes half-way up the stairs so he can glare at you from there. LOOOO-SERRRR!!!surprisingly, the security guys were cool (i know that because i complained to them about this idiot manager). will i ever frequent this place again?.... wow, i'll have to really think about that---- NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
3	Hoo hoo. Turkey Burgers and Guitars!Place is great for grub and for looking and cool music things on the wall.My turkey burger was not the best, but it hit the spot!Try Pink Taco's inside the casino. You will have more fun and see more bikinis!
2	What happened to this place?! I used to go here when I was younger and remember it differently.I got the "Goat Cheese Chicken Salad Sandwich". It had no flavor. The sandwich was too small for $13.50. It said on the menu it came with a side salad and fries but the server said I could only pick one or the other and I had to pay $2.25 for it I mean what the heck is up with that?. I chose the "Smothered Fries" which had bacon and cheese on them. They were OK.My man had the "10oz Burger" and he said the burger didn't have much flavor as well. The cost for that was $$15.75 and they charged $3.75 for a side on "Onion Rings" with it. Way too much money.We decided to split a dessert and got the "Mini Peanut Butter Pie" and that cost $4.25. I have to say this was the best part of the meal.One perk is that if you have a Nevada ID you get 15% off your bill which is cool but when the food isn't so tasty that doesn't seem like much of a perk.
3	So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transient-week adventure during the first week of July thru Southern Nevada and Arizona. There were several casualties.Sad to say this place was empty - however, I did come on a Monday but it was a holiday weekend. Came here with some friends to recover from Sunday. Like I mentioned, it was quite dead so the service was pretty quick. We all sat at the bar and sucked our Jameson and Guinness's down in piece. I am however a fan of the pulled pork sandwiches here, but a lot of the other items are so-so and pretty pricey for the portions you get - especially considering the deals you can get in Vegas. You are definitely paying for the name. However, it was fun to go and visit and see the memorabilia. The host was funny as shit jumping around and playing air guitar as he sang the songs out of the top of his lungs.
5	Great experience! There were 5 of us, we all weren't really hungry, but needed to cool down a little. We were sat at the table, our waiter greeted us right away, he was very helpful( that special beer he offered was beyond good). A little pricey, but hey, it's Vegas, you gotta spend money;) to top it off- we got to keep beer and cocktail glasses as souvenirs! Loved it!
5	Kinda expensive, but was seriously the best service I have ever had at a restaurant! All the staff was great and our waiter, Toad, was exceptional! Burger, wings, and mac & cheese were all great.
2	Ok... if you're hungry, hung over and needing something yummy to hit the spot. Don't go here.. ha! The decor and gimmicky stuff is pretty much the only thing that's great about this place. I love that you get a take home glass with your beer :) but the food is just yuck! Bar food that's gotten even blander than it already is! Our service was great, she was fast and friendly but it just didn't hit the spot. I don't even remember what anybody had - but seriously. Go here for the souvenirs, not the food!
4	Believe it or not I have never been to a Hard Rock Cafe before! My husband & our friends stopped for dinner on July 4th while on vacation in Vegas. We had a fantastic time! Our waiter (We believe his name was Toad) and all staff we encountered were so friendly, funny and were really wonderful. Our food was delicious, the drinks were fantastic and overall we really had a fantastic time! Our table requested videos to be played and we all enjoyed chatting with Toad and talking music :) thanks for a great 1st experience at Hard Rock!
4	Was here for breakfast the other day. Food was good and the service was excellent and quick!Food: 4Service: 5Overall: 4.5 rounds down
4	Despite my experience at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino on 1/4 I came here for dinner with my husband and another couple from a wedding we attended earlier that day. I have always loved Hard Rock because I'm a huge rock and roll fan and love going to a place that plays great music and music videos and has memorabilia hanging. This location, like the others, was outstanding like the others I have been to previously. I can't remember our waiter's name but his name tag did say Shaggy. He was so friendly and just hilarious! He had great suggestions on food and drinks and we talked about music. He even brought over the very nice music manager who took requests from us and played them. I had requested Simple Man by Lynard Skynard which they didn't have but they had the Shinedown version so he played that. The rest of what we requested, The Doors, Hendrix, etc were all played. I had duo fajitas and they were really good. The seasoning was amazing and the char on the chicken was perfect. All in all really great food and atmosphere. I will continue to go to Hard Rock Cafes!
5	Pleasantly surprised by the yummy goodness of this place. Came here on a mellow Thursday night after CES (Consumer Electronics Show) and ordered a pitcher of the sangria, as our waiter had suggested for my girlfriend and I. We did red wine sangria, it was refreshing and delish! For entrees I ordered the Pulled Chicken BBQ Sandwich and it was SO good. I ate every bite, as well as the french fries. I hadn't been here in such a long time, it was a nice chill place to have a drink, good food, and unwind. Totally coming back here when I visit Vegas again, one of my go - tos off the strip.
3	Love their Chop House Salad.  Some entrees can be too salty.  Overall, a fun place!
5	While staying at the hotel we decided to eat at the off strip location for the cafe. HRC has been a favorite of my family for years. This location did not disappoint, in fact it exceeded my expectations. Our server, who was also the bartender, was extremely efficient and attentive and didnt even blink when we asked for like 18 different sauces. The local burger here, called "the hangover" is so delicious with a fried egg on top of it, I would go back just for that. To make everything even better, she realized we were locals when she checked our id and gave us a locals discount. I would definitely come back here for that burger and the service.
3	Made the obligatory stop here while in Vegas so my wife could get a t-shirt. We each had a spicy burger with pepper jack cheese, jalapenos and chipotle mayo. They were pretty tasty but very greasy and messy. My onion rings were burnt. Not a particularly good combination for $16 each. (yikes)The server was friendly and attentive. I'm a big music buff so the atmosphere is great with all the memorabilia and videos playing.
4	Our server Leilani was absolutely amazing.   Decore is wonderful, food is good, little expensive.
4	Convenient spot from Alexis Park Resort to walk over and get a decent breakfast. I had an eggs and sausage with home fries and wheat toast and my friend had the egg and spinach scramble. The food was good (especially the potatoes--they were like tater tots!) and service was nice but the menu was kind of limited. I enjoyed watching all the old 80s music videos on the wall monitors and was pleasantly surprised to discover their 20% off Yelp check in deal (food and non-alcoholic beverages only)!
3	Went here for lunch on the weekend of  7/7/13.Cleanliness: Biggest issue. All of the silverware at our table had some sort of dirty/cleanliness issue. One fork in particular had a big strand of what looked like wilted lettuce caked on to it. Although all were replaced promptly, this silverware should have never made it to the table: lack of attention to detail and lack of care. Also makes one wonder of the condition of the back kitchen.Service: Ronnie was awesome and very friendlyFood: I had the fajitas. The meat was cooked fine, but the veggies were mostly undercooked, which just seemed lazy to me. My company had a BBQ sandwich which was good. The other had the boneless spicy chicken which was fine.Shop: the clerk at the shop didn't seem to care that we were there or not. Usually they are a lot more friendly and engaging.Summary: I really enjoy the Hard Rock, but today's visit was below my expectations, and I sensed an overall lack of attention to cleanliness/detail/care.
3	With so many other places to spend your time in Vegas, this HRC is a-ok. Compared to other HRC's across America, this one is one of my favorites.
3	Meh, it's ok.  Not as good as some of the other Hard Rock's I've ate at.  The waitress was friendly but overwhelmed a bit, and the food was just ok.
5	We usually stay at the Hard Rock Hotel every visit to Vegas (Which is conveniently in the same parking lot as this cafe), and We ALWAYS make our way to this specific Hard Rock Cafe.From the moment you walk in the staff gives you a Rock N Roll Greeting!Staff is ALWAYS attentive, fast, and gives great recommendations. I try a LOT of burgers in Vegas, and I still agree this place serves some of the BEST BURGERS.Make sure you sign up for the rewards points, and show your yelp coupon!
4	Sit in Spencer's section good food graet atmosphere
5	Came for T shirts and the staff at the shop were super nice and helpful :) the inside of the hotel/bar is actually really cute. I wasn't expecting it to be cute
3	Was just there this past weekend. The food was great and our server was awesome. I feel really bad i cant remember her name. Very cool and funny. She got the job done and even found time to joke around and be personal. I was at a table of 15 so she was amazing. I was so happy when I remembered to check in and was greeted with 20% off from using the yelp app. It only works on food but still an awesome surprise. I had the mushroom and Swiss burger. It was cooked perfectly but I found it to be a little greasy.  I also had a pineapple & cocoanut mojito to drink.  That was the highlight.  That ended up being nearly the same price as my meal $12.50. Also there are no prices on the menu for the drinks.  The only reason this place doesn't get 4 stars was because it was pricey. Even with my discount I still ended up spending over $33 bucks on just myself!  Crazy.
4	STEAK AND EGGS EGGS AND STEAK. Best place to grab your late night after clubbing snack. Okay, we had a really nice waiter, but the guy who was pouring our water gave us false pricing information. He told us that the special (steak and eggs) was only $9.99 but it was actually $18.99 (pricey) Luckily we had our price adjusted and came up with a half off meal. The steak and eggs come with 4 slices of toast and hash browns. There was a ton of food and very plentiful. I was very satisfied. If you end up only wanting to pay $9.99 there's the steak and hash one.
5	My bucket list is to attempt to visit all HRC locations!!  So, I'm now crossing off Original Las Vegas location!
3	So I'm not sure if my opinion really counts here. I only tried two thing from the menu one was AWESOME and the other really not.  Maybe I was extremely hungry but those nachos were simply delish! The cheese was yummy, chips with a perfect crunch! LOL. Here comes the sad news, the shrimp that came with the fajitas were really good but the fajitas beside them self were super subpar.  I'd try it, maybe get a salad with shrimp and shake or something if theres a next time! :) The customer service was really nice though!
3	Hi friends!I came here with my girlfriend and another couple on our recent trip to Vegas. We stop by on our last day before getting back on the road. Warning: the burgers are huge.The citrus chicken salad was pretty good. No drinks this time since we were still recovering from the previous night out.Overall, nice place thats a bit more relaxed than the strip just a few blocks away.Rock on! :)
4	I've been here many times over the past few years.  I've consistently been satisfied with their hamburgers and appetizers, especially the hamburger.  Today I had a NY strip steak meal. It was really good.  Good cut of steak, cooked to perfection and nicely seasoned.  I've always enjoyed the staff here.  And I love the music they play and watching the music videos on big screen.  A fun place to visit overall.  Keep in mind that it's not 5-star dining but food is tasty and a fun experience.  Oh, if you go during a dead time, like during working hours, you can park right behind the cafe and take shuttle in front of Hard Rock Cafe or Hard Rock Hotel to the strip if you want---very convenient. AND IF YOU CHECK-IN ON YELP, A COUPON FOR 20% off food only will appear on your phone and show it to your waiter.  So my meal was really $22-ish instead of $27.  I added a side-salad for $3.50 --- healthy portions.
3	My friend asked if I wanted to meet here for dinner last week and after a game of 20 questions that involved me trying to figure why on earth I'd ever go there instead of the many options in the surrounding area that I like, I succumbed to his declaration of "good food, and a good locals discount".    Warily I agreed.   After arriving my friend seemed stunned by the prices and the lack of a locals discount or the specials he thought they had.   To this day I'm not sure if he made those up or was at a different place entirely that he was thinking of.   Never fear, the yelp app was here to save the day!   Check in and you get 20% off.   I love you Yelp app.  Started with some Jameson and Ginger and they were okay.   For $9 not much value, but I've definitely had worse.   Went with the "Local Legendary" burger which differs by location and oddly enough you have to ask the server what it consists of as the Hard Rock apparently is too cheap to have each location have their own menu.    Ours had some fried jalapenos and spicy something or other which was enough for me to try it.   I see someone else in these reviews mentioned their local legendary burger had a fried egg.  Mine did not.   I'm now convinced the "Local Legendary" burger is just something either the waiter or cook invents in their own head that day.   Well our waiter sold me on this one.   Speaking of which, our waiter was a joy the entire time.   Friendly, efficient, and with a great sense of humor.   If it wasn't for the last round of Jameson shots I'd probably be able to tell you his name.  He kinda reminded me of Questlove from the Roots if that helps.Onto the burger:  Pretty run of the mill.   I ordered it medium and I feel like it came out well done.   Very charred and with very little pink inside.  Wish I'd gone with medium rare as I normally do, but then I hate when it comes out rare.   Such a delicate game the burger ordering process.   I also didn't feel it had enough seasoning to overcome the wellness of the cook on it, but the jalapenos, cheese, and whatever sauce it was slathered with all were tasty enough to conceal the meat flavor.   Fries were hot and crispy with a nice flavor, but nothing to really differentiate themselves from any other fry.   Overall on food I'd probably go a 2.5, with the great service and 20% yelp discount bumping it up to a 3. I've come to find out through other reviews that the locals discount is a measly 15% vs the 20% yelp discount.   Go technology!   Next time I expect a 40% discount if paying by bitcoin.
4	Louie is excellent server..  Food is good and service is great.. I recommend this location for a good meal and drinks...
4	Toad the bartender served us a great meal. Best server we've had in Vegas
2	Overpriced mediocre food. 20 bucks for a pasta plate that tasted like microwaved chicken and mac and cheese pasta. You're definitely paying for the gimmick here, much like eating at Bubba Gump.Service was ok. The check in discount helped alleivate some of the pain when I got the check.If it weren't for my parents wanting to try out the cafe I would have never chosen to eat here, and I still would not come back with the price they charge, especially since across the street is a beer hall. I have to admit I very much looked longingly at the exit every time I thought about it.
1	My experience was alright. The food was average. I was expecting amazing from all the buss about this place. Our waiter was sub-par and not very attentive to us, or nice for that matter and there was this really loud and obnoxious blonde waitress's that kept yelling and singing very badly to the music. She didn't even know the words. Very annoying. Just cause it wasn't that busy doesn't mean there aren't customers here. It was so annoying to eat with this waitress walking around being so irritating.
3	I have been to plenty of Hard Rock Cafe's all over the world AND this was pretty average. Was expecting more.The food was amazing as always, with generous portions; also had a great laugh with the waiting staff.It was lacking on the memorabilia front and the general vibe of the place. Not sure what I was hoping for, but it didn't happen. When focusing on the food alone, it's an absolutely winner.Given the distance from the strip (at least on foot) this is one to miss if you don't have a lifetime to spend in Vegas. Planet Hollywood might be a better shout.
1	Check your check cause they will make up prices.Food was bad.Service was ok, I guess it's Vegas
4	Catch a live show here for free while you enjoy some drinks!The food here is mediocre. Typical bar Americana food. They haven't really progressed on their menu, so vegans beware. Wait staff is pretty friendly and they come out every so often to give you a song and dance. The one guy that stood up on the ramp railing was sooooo into it. He cracked us up. It was nice to see some enthusiasm about YMCA!I love their live music offerings here. THE SHOWS ARE FREE! They have a nice sized staged in the back of the restaurant, which is appropriately placed so you can get a good view wherever you may be seated. Sound quality is fantastic. Props to you, sound man! I thought it was really awesome of them to offer a free show without a drink minimum. That alone will keep me coming back here. They didn't try and pressure us to order anything; we simple ordered some tea and appetizers and watched a really great acoustic set. I actually love that this place is NOT on the Strip. Sorry, tourists. It's in a great location to bypass strip traffic, and has it's own parking lot separate from the casino, which is never incredibly packed. Hard Rock...you rock! Keep the free music coming back and I will too!
5	Great place.  Our server was Dawn, she was fabolous!  Highly recommended.
5	I hadn't been at this HRC for the longest time, and thought it was time for a return.Although I had always enjoyed the food here, I was nevertheless surprised at how good it tasted on this latest visit.  A Hickory Smoked Pulled Pork Sandwich with Hickory BBQ Sauce on a soft bun was just as I would have hoped a perfect pulled pork sandwich to be: with very lean but moist pulled pork slathered with sweet BBQ sauce with just enough kick to modulate the sweetness with some spicy flavoring.  Boasting real tasty baked beans harmonizing beautifully with cooked onions and pieces of bacon, accompanying Cowboy Beans were also prepared as if they had been cooked to my personal specifications.  Nice and creamy Citrus Coleslaw and well-seasoned French Fries rounded out a very fine dinner.  Diane also enjoyed her medium-rare Bacon Cheeseburger after we both shared a delicious starter of cheesy Potato Skins.  Service provided by our very friendly and efficient server Dawn was excellent, and the casual rock 'n roll musical ambiance a pleasant backdrop for our late-night meal.
3	Been to a few Hard Rocks and they are pretty much the same. Had the Mac and Cheese. Still not as good as Rock Bottom's Mac/Cheese. Great service but had to walk around the building to go into the casino.
5	Starting off with a five !! Server Matt fast and attentive !!! Really like being off the strip !!! 20% yelp discount...!!! Matt finished strong never had to sit with empty glass !! Really good pulled pork sandwich !! The fam got the old stand by hamburger ...... great as always
5	I have stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel on 2 separate trips to Vegas is the last 4 months.  On both occasions we found ourselves eating here two nights in a row.  The wings are amazing and so is the salad.  Service was always great and nice atmosphere.  Can't find a bad thing to say about the place.
3	i've been here several times and have had their breakfast, burgers and bites.  the first time i came was the very week i moved to las vegas.  the hostess was extremely friendly and gave me all kinds of great information for a new resident.  the waitress heard i just moved here, and let me know that locals receive a discount.  the food was good - average but good - but i thought it was quite overpriced.each time i visit, i am really impressed by the service.  my waiters and waitresses have always been very friendly with very quick service and anticipate my needs (more water without being asked, etc.).however, the last time i went, we all ordered some drinks that were featured for summer, where you have to press the container and then pour the drink into your glass.  none of us could taste the alcohol.  not at all.  when we were finished, we did  not even feel like we drank a drop of alcohol.  these drinks were, in our opinion, very expensive, and not worth it.i will probably be back, as my out of town guests always like to visit it, but i prefer to eat at local haunts where i get more bang for my buck and can enjoy the nice buzz you get from a few reasonably priced cocktails.
4	We had dinner today at the Hard Rock on the Vegas Strip. The staff was awesome, they were super friendly and they even made sure to tell my son that he could get free Wi-Fi,what waiter does this when they are super busy, well our waiter Johnny did this. The food was freshly made and tasted great! Great Location + Free Wi-Fi+ Awesome Service + Delicious Food = Repeat CustomerMary
3	Pretty average. Would equate it to a Chili's or Red Robin. Service was 5 stars. And the local music they had going was 5 stars too. Drinks were a little steep... food was good, just not very unique.
5	This place is amazing and if ur cool with your waiter/waitress they will give you 20% off your whole check if you do them one favor make sure to ask! Good music great atmosphere great food
2	Been here 3 times and in last 4 months. My wife who loves chicken wings has not finished her order twice.  First time we ordered them fried, dry dry dry. Second time grilled, dry dry dry. What the heck  even after dipping them in extra sauce plus ranch you guessed it, dry dry dry. The burgers are average at best. The friends we dined with said the same comment, average food. Nothing to write home about. Our servers Kyle and Big Deb did give us Good service. We attend a monthly car event there so we want to patronize the business, but next time we will eat before we get there. On average plan to spend at least $33.00 for a dinner for 2 not including tip. We ordered  a burger with fries an order of wings and two ice teas.
3	I came here last night to see a friend of mine play a show! This is the second time I've seen them play her, and both times I had a great time! The first time I came here I had some kind of pulled pork sandwich which was just alright, but I saw a manager scream at my poor waitress which kinda left a bad taste in my mouth. Last night my friend and I had the appetizer sampler which came with spinach artichoke dip, chicken wings, chicken tenders, onion rings, and some kind of brushetta flatbread. My friend doesn't like onion rings, so they allowed us to sub french fries, which was nice. Everything was just ok, nothing special. The only thing that was wholly awful were the chicken wings - not only were they cold, they were rubbery and just plain gross. We got bbq because my friend can't eat spicy and they were still spicy. They were just weird and we didn't even eat them. We also had the brownie sundae which is $10 which we thought was outrageous until we saw the size of the thing. It was HUGE. Like bigger than my head. You need like a football team to eat the thing. Four of us still only ate like a third of it. Wow it was big. Our server was very nice, I don't remember her name but she was pretty fast and attentive. Only thing she ever forgot was a twisted lemonade that I had to remind her about but once I did she grabbed it right away!Overall an ok place, wouldn't recommend anyone to go out of their way to eat here but definitely come for the drinks and the music! I'll be back whenever My Fair Rosalie is playing!
1	Well I want to start by saying my rating for this restaurant is misleading. The only reason I gave this poor excuse for a restaurant the one star I did is because this app requires me to do so. I am not the least bit picky when it comes to restaurants and normally have a great deal of patience for the staff as I understand their jobs are difficult, fast-paced and demanding. Despite this attitude, I was nothing short of extremely disappointed with my experience at this location. Although the restaurant was nearly empty at lunchtime, the service was extraordinarily slow and we were greeted with an attitude reflective of a staff that was filled with bitterness and broken dreams. Even the simplest requests caused our waiter Rico (yes I wrote his name in the hope that there is not even a remote possibility of him escaping responsibility for this poor review) to treat us as if we were a burden on par with the bubonic plague. He refused to make the slightest adjustments to the menu despite our friend's preference to not have coleslaw with his meal. Splitting our check (a common practice in the age of debit cards) was seen as an insurmountable obstacle that clearly irritated Rico. I asked for a glass of water and Rico answered me in a hostile manner indicating he had already brought me some. I proceeded to correct him by informing him that the water belonged to my friend. Approximately 10 minutes later he returned with my water and slammed it on my table without so much as another word. Our food finally arrived nearly an hour after we ordered it and while the taste was passable in my eyes, nearly the rest of my party was thoroughly disappointed with the food we had wasted our valuable vacation time waiting on. So if after all this ranting you are still not convinced that the service here is not so poor that it should be reprehensible by law, at least ask not to be served by a stocky waiter with dark curly hair, a goatee, and a beanie who goes by the name of Rico. If you are asked for the reasoning behind this particular request, show the manager this review.
1	This was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. The server was rude, slamming our drinks on the table, throwing the straws on the top and walking away without a second glance. He spilled an entire pitcher of water on my lap because he was just not paying attention. The chicken fingers have a gross chili seasoning to them that they don't explain in the menu. I had to ask for the manager because our server was taking so long to get our check after explaining we were in a rush. Our meal ended up being $30 even after we asked to return the food and only shared a salad. I expected the Hard Rock Cafe experience that I have always talked so highly of and now this company has lost my business.
5	Had absolutely amazing service here! All staff was busy hustling and bustling but making jokes and wonderful suggestions!! Seriously the best service I've ever had. Ronnie was the COOLEST waitress I've ever had!! Jeff was a great funny host as well!! And the food was delicious, best Bloody Mary I've had!!
5	This restaurant has become a required stop whenever I visit Vegas. The service is stellar, and the quality and the taste of the food is quite simply amazing (and so was alcoholic beverages). I couldn't say kinder words about our waiter, it seems as though that the people working at this location have a true passion at doing the job they were hired to do. I was also impressed with the environment in general, it's very clean and decorated incredibly well, there's always good (although loud) music playing, and sometimes non-mainstream artists perform live as well, which is a treat to catch. If you're visiting Vegas, you have to give this restaurant a try.
4	We stopped by when visiting over Thanksgiving...My sister says to give it three thumbs up because the drink was good, the food was good and it wasn't busy.I had the dinner salad with ranch and it was actually really good for a salad. I had the nachos but they weren't too good: not enough cheese and too many chips.My son loved the chicken mac & cheese; my mom said the pulled pork was okay.
5	Its the Hard Rock Cafe so can't go wrong, such a good vibe. Spacious bar allows for you to rest your elbows, much needed if you're hungover like I amOh bartender chick is singing and so freaking down to earth. Great wings and try the mystery mojito!
5	This place is awesome!!!! The service was amazing and the food was even better!  The staff was very attentive and nice.  There is a lot of cool stuff on the walls to look at while you wait for your food, and many tv 's to watch. The gift shop is a tad pricey but the items are nice. I was pleasantly surprised with a 20% off check in offer. I will be back here when I make a return visit to vegas.
1	We came here for a Christmas dinner. The hostess told us we were seated in an area with the best waiter! What a joke! His name was Sean. If you get put in his area, ask to move immediately. He never came to check on us, never asked if we needed anything. We all had empty drinks hanging by the edge of the table and he kept walking by and never stopped. We told the manager and he did nothing. Finally, I decided to flag him down. He then proceeded to tell me to wait a minute and walked away. Never have I ever had such horrible service! What a disappointment! The food was also disgusting! I asked to substitute vegetables. My dish came out with literally two pieces of broccoli. Get it together!
3	Whenever I think of the Hard Rock I always think of the movie Honey, I Blew Up the Kid where the giant kid grabbed the giant neon guitar, from I don't remember if it was the hotel or cafe, and started playing with it.Anyways I love the atmosphere and all of that rock memorabilia. There's a bar right in the middle with a number of small and medium sized tv's, notice how I didn't say big or large tv's. The customer service was pretty good too as they were accommodating to our party, friendly, and brought everything, food, drinks, check in a timely manner. And of course they had no problem taking the 20% off per Yelp check-in offer.For the food, a lot of what we ordered was decent at most. First up was the jumbo combo which was basically a sampler of their various apps it had some wings, chicken tenders, onion rings, artichoke dip, parmesan flatbread and bruschetta, and a few dipping sauces. It was a nice start for a party of 5 and of course I got a little full eatting everything no one else didn't want. The platter was alright only thing I didn't like was the flatbread and bruschetta cause it was hard and messy to eat I might've even chipped a few teeth.Next came what I ordered the bbq brisket sandwich. It was plenty filling just dry and tough. Maybe the bread took some of the moisture. It didn't come with any kind of sauce which could've maybe helped, maybe. Also came with fries and beans.The bbq trio was bbq chicken, ribs, and brisket. Good portion but everything was very dry. Funny cause I think I read that it was supposed to be tender.We never made it to the desserts but everything looked tempting. Probably would be back.They also have their own parking so you don't have to park at the hotel and walk over.
4	It's burger was delicious as I expected.About its atmosphere, I believe Hard rick cafe in time square is more interesting.
