4	There are numerous dining spots in town fashioned after 1950s-style diners, but this is the real deal. A no-frills soda fountain/luncheonette, located just past the northern end of the Strip, it was the city's first 24-hour dining spot, serving mostly locals for six decades-plus until the Stratosphere opened and it began attracting tourists as well. The menu is typical comfort food - burgers and fries, meatloaf, roast chicken, thick shakes, cream pies, and omelets, pancakes, and biscuits and gravy, for those who want to tell the folks back home they had breakfast at Tiffany's. Don't mistake the rundown neighborhood for a 'CSI' set where Grissom and gang investigate gruesome murders . . . this is the gritty, rather than glittery, side of Vegas, so proceed with caution after dark. Cash only.
4	One night my friends and I were trolling Fremont St. when someone got a hankerin' for some breakfast.  After the Las Vegas Club disappointed us with closing its coffee shop early and thereby denying us the steak and egg fantasy we longed for, we ended up at Tiffany's.  Quite the brush with serendipity as I don't think I would have done so otherwise.I've seen this place for years.  Sitting across from the Olympic Garden in the White Cross Drugs, it used to be the Liberty Diner.  This is an honest to god drug store diner and it couldn't be any more awesome.  If you're looking for something sparkly, this is not your place.  But if you want a plate of eggs and bacon (maybe some pancakes, eh?) and a good cup of coffee, come on in.  I've not tried their lunch or dinner yet, but you can bet I'll be returning.The best thing is, if you do happen to get indigestion, you can pick up some antacids at the same time.  How's that for convenience?
4	Yes, I love dive restaurants as well as dive bars.  Nothing fancy here, just a drugstore diner.  It is open 24 hours!  I don't eat here enough!
5	Great diner with great diner food.  It is located in a seedy part of town, but the food is awesome and the place is open 24/7.  The staff has always been friendly every time I have been there.  It isn't a glamorous place, but any time I have a hankerin' for some steak and eggs or other classis diner grub, this place is always a safe bet.  One more thing: this place only accepts cash, which can be a nasty surprise if you aren't looking for signs above the register.
5	I would eat here three times a day! The food is the best in Vegas for the price. $4.99 gets you a huge plate of homestyle cooking. You can sit at the counter or at one of the booths, all while looking out the window at such beautiful sights as the Yucca Motel. Ever since seeing Robert Duvall sitting here in the film, "Lucky You," I've been drawn to Tiffany's. The help is more than friendly, the food is great and the atmosphere is fantastic. Old school all the way. They are open 24 hours AND deliver! When you are done, you can mosey on over to the drugstore portion of the building and get some ex-lax. It's a win-win! Two words: greek omelet.
3	While I appreciated the 'authenticity' and charm of this place, I can't say the food was anything to write home about. The service was crappy, but in a funny way. The waitress seemed annoyed by any questions we asked her "what kind of cheese do you have".. "AMERICAN, OK?".. etc and spent more time talking on the phone than picking up our food. However, it's a diner, so I found this "charming". Food on the other hand.. hmm.. the burger was large, but just tasted OK. The fries weren't very good. My fiance got the chicken fried steak. Again just OK and it came with powdered mashed potatoes. Prices weren't particularly cheap or particularly expensive. I think we spent $25 with tax/tip/drinks. I prefer the Peppermill. Slightly less shady, slightly better food, etc. If you're in for a true dive of a restaurant - I recommend this place.
2	I really wanted to like this place because of the highly authentic, old-Vegas diner feel.  But the truth is...the food was pretty bad.  I wouldn't go there again.  I hear people rave about the burgers, but in reality they suck.  So, go for the atmosphere but don't expect good food.
3	Charming little place to visit and eat. They even have the sign displayed of when "Lucky You" was filmed in part there. I thought it was cool, at least. Nothing too special, other than it was the only quaint place we ate while in Vegas, which was a nice change fom buffets and restaurants. Food was decent and the prices were okay.Be prepared to pay in cash only.
5	Awesome! Love this place!
5	If I'm in Vegas this is where I eat breakfast every single day of my trip.  Tiffany's is straightforward diner food and has the old school charm that has disappeared from the Strip.  The waitstaff and cooks are attentive and friendly.  I will admit that the smoking ban in Nevada restaurants took a little bit of the magic out of my last visit to Vegas but Tiffany's was still a treat.
4	We finally made it to Tiffany's for breakfast.  It's pretty much what you would expect.  "Classic", greasy, dive diner.  And while the food wasn't the greatest thing ever or anything, it was pretty damn good.  We had the chili omelet and the Spanish omelet - and both were delicious.  And the burgers looked amazing - we will definitely be back to try those.
4	Tiffany's is the epitome of a cheap diner joint, but definitely serves up a good and hearty breakfast. Great for late night or normal breakfast. Either way the food is very reasonably priced and delicious.
5	This place is wonderful.  It's like a vacation while you're in Las Vegas.  The cook, Louie, is a totally nice and interesting person who'll talk to you and make you feel like a human being who's going to eat food.  It feels like a secret garden of burgers, as it's part of a drug store, but this is probably the best food I had while in Vegas, which is kind of ridiculous, really.Anytime I'm in Vegas I'll go here.  Anyone I know going to Vegas I'll tell about it to.  Very good and tasty.
3	I was desperate.  It was 6am, I was alone...with no eggs in my fridge and a fierce rumble in the Bronx.After reading my fellow yelpers glowing reviews, i popped over to Tiffany's to score some breakfast.  Tip:  enter the door closest to the strip...otherwise you're walking through the pharmacy looking lost, desperate and hungry.Thanks for the heads up on cash-only, yelpers...that would have been awkward.Service was a-ok, friendly and genuine....and fast.  Food was typical diner food.  I sat at the bar to watch them cook, and didn't see anything horrifying...even if everything is really, REALLY dated.To my right, a 50-year old woman who would NOT stop staring at me (-1 star for weird patrons), to my left...a booth full of retired Old Vegas mobsters (+ 1 star for awesome patrons).This place will do in a pinch if you're hungry:  with solid food, good prices, and interesting characters to keep you company.
5	Food isn't greasy or expensive. People are nice and place is clean.
3	My mom and I came here because we've driven by it tons of times and were curious. Don't forget to bring cash! We didn't know they do not accept cards! My mom had to leave me there while she went to the bank. 2 cups of coffee and sharing a piece of piece was $7 plus tip. Pie is not made here. Definitely cheap, store bought. This isn't somewhere you should come expecting great service. Very short, to the point, put in your order...no special treatment. We came around 4pm. Quite a variety of people...pretty much what you can expect on LV Blvd and Oakey! Lol!In the future, if I came back, it would only be for breakfast. 50's diner-style...cook to order, made on a grill right in front of the counter. Not somewhere I'd suggest running to but certainly a hole-in-the-wall that's stood the test of time!
5	Perfect place to end the night.
4	Great place for brekkie and people watching in Vegas! Corned beef hash was yummy, great home fries and also good biscuits and poached eggs
4	Don't come here looking for spa cuisine, nouvelle cuisine, or raw food.  This place stubbornly resists food fads.  Like bacon?  Order it - its wonderful.  People watching is amazing.  Don't miss the portrait of Clint Eastwood - at least we think that's who it is - on the wall by the booths.
4	After Dying of thirst i wanted a shake. Ive known this was here for a while and thought it may of been gone. But after walking in White Cross Drugs it was still there. The shakes are made with real ice cream and the servers and cooks are friendly. I didnt eat anything off the menu but people next to us ordered burgers and Damn they were huge. Next time im in that area i will stop in to try the food. The onion rings i seen were made fresh as well and not the frozen variety.
5	Just had "Breakfast at Tiffany's", and could not have been more pleased.  The service was great, the food was hot, and my eggs were cooked just right.  The bacon was to die for, the waitress really butters your toast rather than swiping some oil on with a brush, and the potatoes are honest to goodness home fries.  Got a look at the ham on the way out, and know we will be back for a piece of that ham steak.  Don't let the outside steer you away...at least for breakfast!
4	Pay attention or you may end up in a pharmacy.  Still, amazing breakfast with amazing service.  Very home-y. Plus we got to say we had "breakfast at Tiffany's"
4	And I said what about breakfast at Tiffany's...Yep finally made it here to check it out!Service was awesome, we were spoiled beyond belief!Great convo with the employees, refills galore and the most important factor...GREAT FOOD.I got corned beef hash, 3 eggs, country potatoes and sourdough toast, $7.50 for a huge breakfast. Add coffee, mmmm and it was good, Farmer Brothers coffee!My friend got a grilled bacon and cheese sandwich on wheat with fries, was also very good.We had a blast sitting at the counter, talking and chowing down!We will be back for sure!Greasy spoon in it's glory! Love it!Open 24/7!CASH ONLY!
1	Well lady's and gentleman.. It was a sad day in Vegas.. I went to Tiffany's Friday night with a girlfriend from L.A  and I was so embarrassed,, a coach-roach crawled from under the table top .. It freaked us both out I kinda looked around and noticed the place is not clean and getting pretty old and run down.. Really nice older man named Louie seemed like he was pretty cool but maybe not up to date on how to run a clean diner.. Other staff seemed shady and untrained.. I believe it was the dish washer that came out from the back with a cigarette in his mouth and food in in his hand with no gloves on... All I'm saying is if you are looking for a nice safe clean place to grab a bite.... Don't go to Tiffany's...
5	Tiffany's Tiffany's Tiffany's, where do I start? I complained to my buddies Steve and Adam that I was hungry and Steve recommended we go to Tiffanys inside Whitecross Drug store. I had heard a folk lore of a great place to eat inside there but never really had a reason to stop and eat or even venture inside the drug store, so I was totally game to check it out. We walked in the front door past once sketchy old guy who said hi to us rather loud and crazy sounding and once inside I was transported back to my childhood days growing up at the Nichols Hills, Oklahoma at the soda stand inside the drug store there. We all had the chicken fried steak with mashed potatos and corn. This was not the ground beef made into a patty that is breaded and then fried, this was an actual steak breaded then fried! I was in HEAVEN! We all cleaned out plates with only one party foul and that was Steve dropping food on his shirt on his first bite while he was trying too hard to get it in his mouth because it smelled so dang good. Take a trip back in time and wander around the drug store if you get a chance. It is truly a trip back in time to when the people who made Vegas what it is hung out there.
4	Wow, a diner in a drug store - how very Americana!  12 of us showed up in a staggered formation - first five, then three, then four, and the waitress was friendly and (mostly) efficient, although she did forget one of the early arrivals meals.  Fortunately, she quickly fixed the situation.I ordered the onion rings, 21 shrimp dinner, large dinner salad, and iced tea.  The onion rings were perfect.  The shrimp tasted previously frozen, and the salad was from a diner.I want to try to go back for the legendary pancakes!
3	Sign on the door reads, "No canned foods" among the list of things Tiffany's touts regarding the freshness of their foods, so I found it hilarious when my friend ordered the fruit cup, to which the waitress responded, "The fruit is canned, is that okay?"The diner is located inside a general/drug store, so it had some oldschool vibes.  The waitress was friendly, and patient with my group who was spread over three tables, and showed up at different times.  Can't knock the service.The food is totally greazy spoon style and I'm pretty sure it messed up my guts for a while, but it was tasty enough for what it was.  A good place to have something hearty to soak up the booze you drank the night before or plan to drink after!
4	After a weekend in Vegas full of sub par, over priced food and questionable service, we were weighing our options on where to eat breakfast on Sunday morning (or rather, afternoon). After looking it up here, we headed over to Tiffany's and I had a feeling it would be worth it. The interior was as, uh, old school as the surrounding area but when we sat down the waitress was attentive and friendly. We all really enjoyed our food - it was basic, greasy, homey food that makes for a perfect hangoer remedy. I got the breakfast special with two eggs, two pieces of bacon, and two pancakes - the pancakes were a perfect, just-right crispyness and golden brown and the bacon was nice and thick. I got my eggs over easy and they were cooked right as well. My boyfriend got the steak-fried chicken I believe, and the home fries looked delicious. The vibe inside was quirky, and the painting on the wall of... well I think it was John Travolta... was staring at me but it made a great conversation topic. Thanks to the other Yelp reviews I was prepared to pay cash and went in knowing the atmosphere and people watching would be interesting. I definitely will be putting Tiffanys on my regular visit list for when I'm in Vegas!
4	Possibly the best food I've ever had at 2am.  Hidden away in the corner of a White Cross drug store.  Great prices.The Vanilla Milkshake I had was so good I almost died.
3	I came here for a birthday scavenger hunt for my 25 th birthday. I had never heard of this place myself and was surprised of the old fashioned diner experience I had. Its not flashy or designer, but friendly and a tad gritty. It's located near the stratosphere on las vegas blvd inside of WHITE CROSS PHARMACY. I guess sometimes you can't wait until you get home to eat after getting pain medications so I understand the appeal. I ordered the tiffany burger which had the works of bacon, lettuce, tomato, onions, mushrooms and cheese. The burger itself was juicy and the bun was a typical bun.  Connie, our server, was old school, aqua net hair, no bones about her lady, she handed our lettuce and tomato with her bare hands, which made me laugh but the thought of "GROSS" popped into my head. Overall, not so special that I'd come for the food. I would come back if it was an extremely late night with the pals to get rowdy and have some grub. The big thing here to remember is that this place encourages you to be loud and have fun, the louder you are you get your picture on the infamous wall!
5	We LOVED this place. We sat at the counter because I think sitting at a table is just a huge mistake in a place like this because You don't get to check out all the action. Our server was  brusque, but we wanted for nothing. She took excellent care of us and a little bit we fell in love with her super busy, no nonsense approach. We had breakfast and I thought it was great. One word about my eggs- I am used to ordering my eggs more done than I actually want them because so few restaurants actually cook eggs properly. Not this place. When I ordered over-medium eggs. They were not over-easy. They were over-medium. Do not miss the attached shop. You won't be sorry. And if you love vintage signage, the exterior provides lots of great photo opps.
4	"I'll have a side of aspirin with my omelet, please. Oh, and a splash of cough suppressant in my coffee?"Sounds weird?Not when you have breakfast at Tiffany's.No Audrey Hepburn, diamonds or fanciness for this edition. Located in a corner of a White Cross drugstore, this tiny diner is low on pretension but delivers 24/7 comforting breakfast fare and lunch specials (including burgers) for a reasonable price on the north side of the Strip. The deco definitely needs some improvement but it's part of the charm. At least in my eyes. Go there for something plain and easy - I had two eggs, hashbrowns, toasts and coffee - enjoy and marvel at the fact that such a place still exists in Sin City. I mean...David VS Goliath much?Stop by. It's an institution.
5	It was my first time in Vegas. I was there for two days helping my cousin move. I used Yelp to find a place to eat that wasn't over the top but still yummy and found this jewel: Tiffany's.We walked into the store and continued to the back. My cousin said "what the hell? I've been living here for years and I've never came in here"We sat down at the counter. Then this nice and patient lady said "what can I getcha?" I was baffled cause there were so many choices! And they all looked good! I saw this Italian looking/speaking guy hand her a Philly cheese steak and said "I want that!" My cousin ordered the same thing and my uncle ordered an omelet.The cook looked like one of those casino type of movie fellas. Down to the look and talk. I had never tried a REAL Philly cheese steak and that one I tell ya, was YUMMY. A bit too salty for my taste but it was good! And the fries were hot and crispy.Next time I go to Vegas again I'm coming back here for sure!
4	Breakfast at Tiffany's - it sounds so chic, but it's really just a counter diner inside a drug store kinda place.  I love it though.  Chill and low key and no douchebags when I was there.  Food is decent and cheap and apparently it's even been featured in a movie.
5	i love that it is 24 hours !I was vacationing for couple of days and who doesnt get the urge to EATafter a night of drinking. i yelped this place and loved the food.it just hit the spot, its has an old american feel to it. which i like, and its cheap
4	Okay so my boyfriend and I went to have breakfast here because of the reviews on Yelp. The food was better than Ihop or Dennys, but not the greatest.At first our server was a little standoffish but she warmed up to us. They had a good variety of food (not just breakfast) and it was all at a decent price. I wouldn't mind going back here and trying something else.
4	This place was definetly is tricky to find. I circled the drug store twice b4 realilizing it's inside the store! Also shocked to see Tiffany's is open 24 hours a day 365 days a year!It was early Bfast and I had planned to go to Barrymore's but they don't open until 10:30 am on weekdays : (   My order the corn beef hash, 3 eggs and hash browns served with your choice of toast. I was impressed with the home made corn beef - really tasty, hash browns cooked perfectly and the same with my 3 eggs over medium.  Coffee here was  piping hot & strong and the service here was prompt and friendly. Only con here is that they take cash only - no credit cards. Other then that a solid overall experience with good Bfast food.
5	I just had another yummy, greasy burger at Tiffany's. We went tonight because I heard rumors that the Drug Store it is in is closing on Monday and therefore (I assume), Tiffany's will close too! The staff inside seemed to know nothing about the impending closure, so I hope it is a false rumor! Nonetheless, I suggest you all go here quick-it wouldn't hurt! I highly recommend the Manhattan Burger or the Tiffany Burger (had the Tiffany tonight). I recommend them medium-rare-it is greasier that way, but much more delicious! Enjoy it while you can....
4	So I've been meaning to try Tiffany's for a long time. I really was never sure where it was, although I knew from reading other reviews that it was inside the White Cross Drugs. Well, I was a bit apprehensive as I walked in the door, but there it was in all its glory - the greasy spoon diner that is Tiffany's!! Oh how I wish I had come here sooner, because in Las Vegas... how often is it you can walk into a TRUE greasy spoon diner? I ordered to go, and the waitress was more than happy to get me my food going real quick. It wasn't busy though, and I saw the chefs hop right on my order. I got the Tiffany burger - cheese, bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, tomato, and lettuce. For the boyfriend I got the Mushroom burger. Both burgers came with yummy thick-cut fries. Luckily my house isn't TOO far from Tiffany's so when I got the burgers and fries home they were still pretty much like they just came off the line. Let me tell you - the burgers are MASSIVE! Neither my boyfriend or I could finish ours and we both had them the next day for lunch.The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the cash only policy. I know, it's a diner, I should have been aware AND there is a sign posted on the wall - but these days it's just so weird to come across a place that won't take a card. I never, ever carry cash and had to go use the ATM inside White Cross Drugs. I also felt like a dummy for not having cash after the waitress brought me my food, but oh well. Will I be back? Yes, I hope so! I'd definitely like to check out their breakfast items!
4	Everyone loves a Dirty Dive Diner!  Burgers, breakfast, hot meals tonnes of crap on the walls including photos of late night patrons. you may even find a few pics of me! This place has so many memories for me. Sitting at the bar and chatting with the cook, or packed into a booth with 5 drunk friends trying to decide between a burger, or chicken fried steak. Its definitely a staple for the post drinking/night out "lets get some food whats open" moments. ALWAYS go there after karaoke nights at Dinos. and yes, there is a bathroom, its in the pharmacy part of the store, ask the pharmacy counter person for the key.
4	Super place to eat. Don't waste your money on Denny's or Ihop. Great food, staff and service. Open 24/7
4	Taken here by a local gal. Trust me this is not someplace a tourist would just stumble upon and say "let's try this place". It is in a small portion of a defunct Drug Store, you are shielded from this visual eyesore by Visqueen. There are stools at the counter and several booths. Solid breakfast offerings and the waitress said they are known for good steak and cheese sandwiches. I had the pork chop breakfast (don't tell my cardiologist)..three nicely spiced pork chops, three eggs, potatoes and toast. It was very good, but too much to finish. Great "old school" coffee. Service was very friendly and swift.
4	And the award for official greasy spoon of Vegas goes to: Tiffany's in downtown Vegas.  Why?  Because it's hard to find a true greasy spoon diner in Las Vegas.  Sure, there are places all over down that can put eggs on a griddle or serve up a greasy burger, but most are tucked away in a strip mall and few, if any, have a old time soda fountain counter for patrons to sit at.The waitstaff is awesome and attentive.  The burgers aren't the greatest thing you'll ever taste, but remember this is a diner.  For a diner, they are serving up a quality burger with the just the right ratio of grease and cheese blended into the bun.  If you've got time some morning, take a seat at the counter and have a simple, great breakfast off the griddle.  They do eggs right with some crispy bacon.  Thumbs up.[Cash only]
5	Well this is definitely a Dive cafe. And I love that. simple and Cash only. Made my eggs perfectly. My husband and I ate here this morning we both had the eggs toast potatoes, with a hamburger patty. The patty alone was big. I couldn't finish mine.  Nice waitress, loved it. :) Would recommend for anyone that wants a cheap place to go 24 hours a day. Oh the coffee was great too. Love my coffee. If you are looking for glitz and glamour and no mess, well this isn't the place for you then.they deliver too.
2	First off, the people who work here are super friendly and take good care of you, if I was rating the service alone, I'd give them a 5 but unfortunately this greasy spoon just did not live up to its reputation.  Breakfast w/ my wife and two kids was over $30.00 w/out tip, and I wouldn't of minded the price if the food was better and it wasn't hot as Hades inside the place. We kept it simple: Eggs over-easy, bacon and toast, an order of biscuits and gravy and coffee and to be honest w/ you the whole experience was a letdown.My wife and I both agreed that the portion size was decent, but the execution of the meal itself was poor and the taste was bland, I even found the coffee to be bland. The eggs were too runny and the bacon my wife had and the sausage I had were overcooked and just seemed to be lacking.  I don't doubt that the place might have better offerings; but sadly,unless you're a regular/local I can't see venturing out of your hotel for this place being worth it.I wanted to like Tiffany's, and it's got a lot of that old Vegas diner, beyond the Strip vibe, but there's no getting around the fact that the surrounding area leaves a lot to be desired. It's sketchy to say the least, plus the surrounding drug store is gone and plastic sheets cover up pretty dirty conditions of what was once there.  They do deliver, which is a plus, but so does room service.  Bottom line: I found my meal to be pretty uneventful, somewhat disappointing and wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
3	After a fun night of partying with some friends, I checked out this place to get some pancakes to fill my stomach. Ordered the pancake specialPancake special: I think it was for 4.99 or 5.99. I was still kind of tipsy so it was hard to focus. It came with a small pancake, 2 of them I think, eggs and bacon. Not too bad the pancake was light and tender and not too sweet, eggs were ok and so was the bacon. Wished it came with their amazing homefries, Tiffany's makes the closest homefries to the greasy spoons near my hometown in Baltimore. But all in all, it was ok.
3	I found Tiffany's on Yelp when staying at the Las Vegas Hilton just off the strip. It was a breakfast place close by with some decent reviews so I thought I would check it out. It's a local place with many regulars. We felt a little out of place as they kept looking at us. The service was very good as the waitress was friendly and kept checking in to ensure out coffee was always full and our food was satisfactory. The food was just ok. I had the pork chop and eggs, which came with home style hash browns. The chops was not marinated nor was there any salt and pepper added, just grilled, and the eggs were bland. The hash browns was very salty, I could tell they used seasoned salt. Perhaps I'm just spoiled with Starbucks, but the coffee was pretty weak. I'll stick to the hotel grill next time.
4	It's as true a diner as any I've been to in this town.  Great little old-school place, hidden within the (now closed) White Cross Drug Store on LVB.  The food fulfilled my expectations - straightforward, greasy, and cheap - just what I was looking for.  We stopped in for breakfast for dinner and had our fill of pancakes, omelets, home-fries, and even some corned beef hash (which was a bit too fried and salty for my taste).  My greek omelette was done just right, with ample feta and tomatoes.  Our waiter was attentive and friendly.  Food comes out fast.  What else can you ask from your corner diner?  It felt like a perfect fit to me. I think they're cash only, so bring your bills (although you'll only need the small ones).
1	Eating here, was an experience to say the least. My friends and I got there around 10 one night, and we were the only customers there. We sat up at the counter, and got greeted right away. First thing the three of us notice? His gloves. He's wearing gloves,... but with the fingers cut off. Finger less playtex gloves. WHAT? He cooked with the gloves. He washed his hands in those gloves. Actually, 'washed' is the wrong word. He didn't even do that... he rinsed his hands. He SMOKED in those gloves. Yep. Keep in mind that sitting at the counter, you have a full view of the back kitchen. Right after our cook/server was done cooking our food.. he went into the back kitchen area and lit a cigarette along with some other guy, who I think was the delivery driver. WHAT?!? Who just smokes in the kitchen of a restaurant? Super unsanitary. Food wise, it was bleh. I got the chicken fried steak - as it's still my mission to find the best in Vegas. It was pretty tasteless and chewy - the gravy wasn't bad though. One friend got the hot pastrami. The cook took a little package out of the freezer and then proceeded to microwave it for five minutes. Threw it on the grill for a minute and put it in between a couple pieces of bread. My other friend got a burger. It was so so. Nothing special, nothing too bad. Would I come here again? Not if it's the same guy cooking. Smoking in the kitchen? Please. He could easily step outside to enjoy his cigarette. I like to go drinking downtown, and it's one of the few places open late. So, I'll probably end up there again - if I can get myself drunk enough.
5	They will make you anything.... I'm not kidding whatever you crave these guys will cook it up. They also deliver which is a great plus considering there's nowhere for me to walk to to eat by my work. Chicken fingers are great just ask for extra side of ranch.
4	Best pork chops I have ever had! Also the Split pea was really good too.
2	I work downtown and we like trying new places. Doing search on yelp for places that deliver near the office, I came across Tiffanys. It sounded like some pretty good old-fashioned American diner cuisine. My coworkers both had eggs, one had bacon and the other ham. They seemed to really enjoy their meal.I had the chicken salad sandwich.Hot mess.My chicken "salad" was nothing more than chopped up deli meat (I don't even know if it was chicken, it kinda tasted like crab salad) swirled together with mayonaise. The sandwich was on plain wheat bread and included soggy tomatoes and white lettuce. I will never understand why restaurants put white lettuce on anything, no one wants to eat that crap!The worst part, the menu said the sandwich came with a side of "potato". I assumed they meant potato chips, but they meant mashed, potato salad or home fries. I opted for the mashed potatoes. I was expecting a small side of mashed potatoes, a nice little single serving. Nope. They gave me a full PINT of mashed potatoes. Completely ridiculous. The service was about as uninspiring as the food. We specifically asked when placing our order if they take cards. We were told yes, but when the delivery driver showed up he said he's only taking cash. We told him when we ordered we said we're paying with a card and he repeated that he was only taking cash. Okay then. Will not be ordering from here again.
3	I was preparing to move away from Las Vegas, and decided I had to finally give this place a try, since I had lived there 14 years, but still hadn't explored its offerings. It is kind of a landmark in the downtown area. Drug store diners aren't around much anymore, which is a shame, really.  I think a real, privately operated diner in your local Walgreen's would be a big hit.  But I digress ...Keeping things simple, I went with the chili cheese fries and an iced tea. The chili cheese fries were satisfying and decadent, with plenty of both the chili AND the cheese. Fries were fine, good, average, can't really remember.Just a cool, retro dining experience that should not be missed.Go! Eat! Be Happy!
3	I heard this diner has lots of Vegas history and that a few movies were filmed here...  I wanted to check it out and see what all the fuss was about.  It's a small diner inside what used to be a supermarket.  It's easy to miss the diner because it doesn't look like much from the outside.  The menu was simple diner food and everything is pretty affordable.  I ended up ordering a Manhattan Burger which is a cheese burger on sourdough bread with bacon.  It was an average burger-  nothing to get excited about.  My friend ordered an open faced turkey sandwich which was also pretty standard.  Bottom line for me is-  an okay joint to get average food.  It's worth a trip just to say you've been, but don't expect too much.
5	Go for the greasy food, return again for the weird paintings. I love this place, not because its the best, but because its the only one like it.
1	For the seven tables the waitress had, she did seem busy; although that's no excuse to never wash your hands... I would watch her go from taking money, handling the cash register, cleaning tables to literally pulling the English muffins apart with her bare hands.  No gloves for this woman, ever!  She even licked the knife after stirring a chocolate milk.  And apparently she had a problem with the cook five feet away from her because you could here the drama loud and clear.  The food was edible, although if you're a breakfast place you should definitely know the difference between over-easy and over-medium eggs...  And the bacon shouldn't fall apart when you touch it.  Breakfast at Tiffany's is a phenomenon that shouldn't be experienced in Vegas...
4	Greasy spoon, Watching this guy work the grill is like watching ballet. It's a lost art.
3	I read some reviews and most people loved the food.  I'm up for diner food and love that old school atmosphere.  So on my most recent trip to Vegas my wife and I decided to get some breakfast here.  When we walked in it was very old and didn't look very clean.  Being that there were so many reviews we decided to give this place a chance.  Our waitress had an "edge" to her at first.  After we ordered she seemed to take a liking to us.  We ordered the biscuits and gravy and my wife had french toast.  Both were really good.  My wife said the coffee was excellent!  Overall, the experience was good and food was good.  Although nothing happened I'm still not sure I would go back since the place was a little too old and run down for my liking.  Even to an old school guy like me.
4	One off the great hole in the wall greasy spoons, old school greats left in this town!  Everyone who comes to the downtown area should take their drunk butts in a cab to this place, the ornery old bugger working the grill will not take any crap but he will cook a great anything!   He keeps it all in line and that is why they keep cranking out the good food in great portions!  Your food will be the best morning after or night of drunken debotury and the crowd will more then likely add to the stories to tell you r friends when you get home from your trip at any time of day.Great portion size for price great attitude from the workers/owners but it is hole in the wall don't expect chandeliers or linen napkins.  In fact expect a large drape to separate you from the construction next to the place (the old drug store) a good clean grill and a great burger, huge pancake and amazing omelet...I say YES please!
4	Tiffany's accepts credit / debit cards! It was a Saturday night in Vegas and I was hungry. I could always find a ramen place over off Spring Mountain but sometimes you just want good solid food. No fuss, eat and beat it type fare that fills your stomach and doesn't come with Strip pricing. Tiffany's hit the spot. From the outside to some it may look sketchy as it's next to White Cross Drugs which is closed. Ignore that, park and step inside to a bit of old school Vegas. I was there after midnight and had the privilege of having my food made by Louie. He's got 35 years of experience and when you park your butt at the counter and watch the man go, you know he knows what he's doing. He's a man on a mission to get your food done fast, and done right, and he's all business. All that aside, how's the food? Many claim to make omelets, and many suck at doing so. Not Louie, not at Tiffany's on this night. The man cranked out a Denver omelet that was perfect. I forgot to change the order from hash browns, which I hate...but his hash browns got more than a couple bites from me. I won't order them again but they certainly didn't suck. I got a choice of several kinds of bread for my toast, and the sourdough hit the spot. Top it all off with 100% Valencia orange juice, and my late night Breakfast at Tiffany's was awesome. I was the only one there for a few minutes, but when business picked up Louie stepped up his game and turned into a 1 man show that could flat slam out the food. And the people that came in cleaned their plates...4 Strong Stars...I'll need a second visit to give them the coveted 5. But I will say Tiffany's has made it onto my list of late night options for good places to eat. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #30)
4	We went for breakfast Saturday after driving up early from SoCal.  Great staff, good food, we will go again.   Thank you!
4	Tiffany's was great! Not the best burger I've ever had but pretty darn good! :) reasonably priced and very large portions! Loved the atmosphere! The staff was very helpful and friendly!
5	As a person who works nights i am so glad i came across this great little place. The food is all american, they deliver quickly fast. I had a Denver omelet tonight that was awesome. i really like the fact that Lorenzo came back a second time to bring me back my ranch dressing for my fries. Not to mention he is great eye candy.. So if your up late and want good food hit this place up... Aka Alexis Vegas.
2	I can remember when the food was really good here but that was decades ago and it was called the Liberty Diner. I moved into a nearby neighborhood 20 years ago and have eaten here twice, regretted it both times. It's the kind of place everyone wants to be good but it's not, so we have to move on, PUT THE KOOL-AID DOWN. However, the adjacent Market is much nicer than I would have expected.
5	Awesome food 24 hrs a day & Delivery !!!!
4	Went again this last weekend, still great.
5	Have been coming here for years! Seriously love it! Great little family owned hole in the wall
4	Tiffany's is a Las Vegas classic. It's been there forever and has been remodeled several times that I can remember. It is a totally authentic "greasy spoon" diner. I suggest getting pancakes for breakfast with the home fries. They have great club sandwiches if you go there for lunch.
2	Went into this place because the other options were a carls jr and a Denny's. Saw that it had four stars in yelp so decided to check it out. Place has odd decor and seems very unclean. Service was friendly although very slow and unorganized. The food was mediocre at best. I got the hash browns and three eggs. Plenty if food but could tell hash browns were not homemade. Would not recommend this place if it were not in Vegas. However, considering the other options (above) it did alright.
1	Being a LV staple/classic does not make it ok to serve bland-greasy food with bad service. I ordered the biscuits and gravy, and trout and eggs. The B&G were served on a stale biscuit that had been doused with oil. The gravy had almost no indication of sausage and literally tasted like nothing. The eggs were not seasoned at all and tasted as though I was licking the flat top. The trout was decent but also not seasoned and nothing to write home about. There were many bones left in as well. My BF ordered the chicken fried steak and he thought it was ok. The only way I would dine here again is if I were wasted with with a group of friends who insisted on eating here. And then I would order something like chicken strips or toast. REALLY YUCKY!
2	Seems this place goes up and down with it's reviews. I would say the next two recent are more in line w my experience. Forget story telling, how about some bullet points:-Floor was filthy. Nothing else about this place really looks clean either.  -One lady waited on the entire restaurant. Talk about short staffed. -Server was fairly rude. I don't mean 'not nice', I mean condescending, unhelpful, generally void of any hospitable qualities. -It's hard to mess up breakfast food, so it was average. Potatoes were plain, sausage tasted funny, maybe it had been frozen? Eggs were eggs. Buttered toast was buttered toast. -Room temperature liquid creamer packets. Ketchup in a plastic bottle that tasted and looked unusual. My GF decided to just wait in the car after she sat down and got a look at the place. She's a germ-a-phoebe. Me? I'll eat half of a weird tasting sausage patty and like it the best I can. Probably a more appropriate place to come drunk. And it is cheap..
4	I wanted a good greasy bacon topped burger and that's just what I got, for a decent price as well. Solid diner. I thought the fries couldve been spiced steak fries and I woulda given it 5 stars. Thanks Tiffany's, we were satisfied
2	It was an average experience. The service was average at best, the food wasn't bad but nothing to rave about. Personally I wouldn't repeat.
4	My visit to Tiffany's was as much an experience as it was a meal. Our Breakfast Club is always in search of a good eatery for the morning meal. I have driven past White Cross hundreds of times, but have never been inside. Upon entry, the atmosphere kind of takes you back to the day's of Mel's Diner on the TV show Alice. It's old school, with a few tables and plenty of space at the counter. We all bellied up to the counter and got a front row seat to watch the goings on at the grill. For me the decison was easy. Chicken Fried Steak. No choice of potato. You get what they give you and they were good. Crispy with lots of flavor. The meat was breaded while we watched and then slapped on the grill. It was tender and easily cut with only a fork. The waitress makes your toast while you watch and keeps your coffee cup full throughout the meal. This was down home, throw back dining at it's finest. The cook took time to show us the fresh meat he used for the CFS and explained he had been working the grill at Tiffany's for more than 30 years. The waitress was personable and friendly, explaining the grill was open 'round the clock. We all chose traditional breakfast food, but Tiffany's also offers Trout or Liver with your eggs, if you so choose. If you are visiting Vegas and want a departure from the typical Vegas faire, you've got to try Tiffany's. If you are local and want to experience your town like never before, step on inside for a throwback to a simpler time. I will definitely return to Tiffany's. Their CFS ranks among some of the best I've had in town.
5	Well I went here with partner and bestie. We loved it! Our cook slash waiter was great! Even offered my partner a job. This was so old vegas and I been here 13 years and love this places old vegas charm. So we had omelet!  Amazing and tasty! Partner had ham steak which she loved the eggs were nice and fluffy and potatoes were amazing.
4	Very good breakfast! The service and the food were both above average for a diner like this. Prices were inline with comparable diners, but the portion sizes were a bit larger. I had the veggie omelette and it was so stuffed with veggies that it resembled more of a skillet then an omelette..but there was nothing wrong with that!The diner itself looks like a 50's Route 66 establishment, also not bad.
3	I went here for breakfast with four co-workers. It is a greasy spoon, so my expectations weren't too high. I wasn't disappointed. I liked the atmosphere. I exactly what you'd expect from a greasy spoon. No frills. "Spread," instead of butter (definitely something to avoid," and bland coffee.Portion sizes are generous. We ordered the Spanish Omelet, which my boss stated tasted like an "Italian Omelet," but not bad. Ham Steak and Eggs, which was reported as tasty, and the girl who ordered it wasn't able to finish it. Another girl ordered the New York Steak and Eggs, medium rare, or as she put it, "Now, I don't want that too red, but I want a little red. But don't you go burning that steak, I don't want it charred. You take care of that steak now..." The last girl ordered pancakes. No complaints. I ordered the corn beef has with three eggs sunny side up. So the hash was greasy spoon has, the eggs were a bit on the raw side, and the potatoes we all agreed had an interesting taste. So, we were all able to get our food down. In other words. It is a greasy spoon, the prices were reasonable, and they let us pay on separate checks with no trouble. That was great.What could have been better. The floors could have been cleaner. Just because the foods greasy doesn't mean the floor has to be.Also, our waitress was memorable not only for her kindness, but also for her strong odor that was not very well masked by her strong perfume. I had no problem with it personally, but some people might.Finally, the prices for food are reasonable, but the drinks are pretty pricey. Three bucks for coffee? Stick to water and get a Starbucks later...Therefore, have fun. Caveat Emptor. Enjoy.
4	Another gem I've found, barely! Walked right passed it. So, now I'm thinking this place must have closed down yet their listing and phone number are here. I called and come to find out they are located inside of a convenient store? Sort of? Small diner style where they cook love. Pancakes had cake like flavor. Put icing on them and it's happy birthday. I love theses types of places. I even got a large OJ on the house! When was the last time you got a free orange juice from the big chains/ franchise? Never!
5	What a gem! We are locals and we love this place!Tiffany's is your typical greasy spoon diner. Sit at the dining bar and watch Omar work his magic like a rock star as he cooks. And when he gets a break, he'll tell you some great Vegas stories.The food is wonderful and the portions are huge. The service is great, and the prices are very competitive. My Chicken Philly was $8.95 and came with fries. My boyfriend's Omelet was $7.95 and came with a very big side of hash browns.If you like diners, you've got to try Tiffany's Cafe!!!
5	I've been eating here for years and this place rocks! Great food, prices, and staff. Fast service and classic old Vegas atmosphere.
5	I'm always searching for new places to eat when we go to vegas, this time I found Tiffany's and told my husband about it, we went in and the place was not busy, a guy named Omar greeted us and ask us what we wanted to drink, then he took our order, and then I realized that he was the waiter and the cook! He cooked our meals really fast, our meals were very good, my husband got a breakfast and I got a dinner. We returned the next day before going home and the place was busy and Omar greeted us with a big smile, took our order and I was amazed on how fast he was! There was another waitress taking orders and another guy helping, we will be back to Tiffany's food and service are great! See you soon Omar!
2	Seriously 4 stars you have to be kiddine me. Who in the Fudge considers this place a four star place....probably the locals and I don't mean that is a good way. I mean holy shit what a dump. This dirty looking place is full of locals with confuse cooks and waiters that I'm surprise can walk and talk at the same time yet be in the service industry. Add the fact their service is slow and horrible and the food selection is a joke. Been here waiting for a food for a good 15 minutes and the food since I have never been to prison I can't compare it to it but it's definitely worse than military food.
1	One of the last options to get food delivery at 330am, and will definitely be my very last option when the world ends.  I ordered a turkey sandwich with light mayo and no tomatoes, the sandwich was cut into four triangles, opted for the breakfast potatoes cooked well done and crispy and the order taker said "That's the way I make my sandwich and cook my potatoes."  So, I thought in my mind this is going to be some good food.  ALL WRONG!!!!I  could make a better  homemade Turkey sandwich with my eyes closed.  The sandwich triangles were all over the box like the driver shook it, the sandwich couldn't even fill the tummy of a toddler.  The potatoes were old, most of it was warm and a few of them were cold and the turkey sandwich was full of mayo and had a few slithers of turkey.  Pure disappointment. And the nerve of the order taker,  says "the delivery fee is $3 and that does not include tips for the driver."The only tips you deserve are for cooking.  NEVER AGAIN!
3	This place is one of my favorite Las Vegas dives for solid greasy spoon food 24/7. Corned beef hash is on point, super tasty burger and lets not forget nom nom onikn rings. Its located in the old white cross drugs building and everyone from Elvis to the Rat Pack ate and hung out here.
4	This place is a dive in the best sense! Good old fashioned greasy spoon comfort served up all day long. Tiffany's Cafe is adorable and cozy. Note that this place has nothing to do with the movie Breakfast at Tiffany's, if anything they have Tiffany lamps hanging over the counter.This is a spot that I go to every time I come to Vegas. It is perfect for late night and to get away from the crowds and the craziness of the strip. Also it's the best hangover food for miles :)My friend Big John and I ate our fill for under $25 total! We left stuffed with delicious corned beef hash, crispy bacon, eggs cooked just the way we wanted, old school home fries and sourdough toast.
4	It's a good place to go for a quick meal. Waitress was really fast and the food was fresh.  It was kind of like a huddle house but with better service.
4	This IS a greasy spoon... You've been warned! Awesome 24x7 old-school Vegas joint w a great old lunch counter Grilled cheese on sourdough = excellent. Toasted to perfectionChicken Fried Steak = a very tender and yummy homemade on-site, w flavorful homemade white gravy and perfectly cooked eggsPancakes = 4 stars out of 5, excellentBacon = thick and crispy without being over-cookedHash browns = could have been more crispyFriendly and professional short order cook!
2	Found this greasy spoon thanks to you Yelpers out there.  I kinda wish we had skipped it.Don't get me wrong, when I read greasy spoon, I knew I wasn't going to Hash House A Go Go... And I loved the out of the way location, the counter service and limited table service. I love the bustling cooks behind the counter. I loved it wasn't brand spanking new and sparkly clean...  It felt lived in, visited, comfortable... In a wrong side of the tracks, been there forever, kind of way. Cool.Yes, basically I wanted to LoVe this place...But the food was on par with Denny's.  Meh.  I was hoping for something tastier.The portions are huge.  The pancakes had to be nine inches in diameter.  But they aren't anything special.  Think Denny's.  Nothing to write home about... and they aren't served with butter.  You get a few 'whipped spread' containers.  Boo.The bacon was crispy decent.The sausage was meh.The eggs, nothing special. Toast came pre-spread with that whipped margarine like spread. Yuck. The home fried potatoes were okay.  The potatoes were my hubby's favorite part of the meal.I did like the friendliness of the staff.And considering the cleanliness of the diner, the restrooms were pristine.I am surprised at the many four star reviews.  But still kinda happy this little place is in business.  :  )
2	I read a review that said this place had a good Chicken Fried Steak, so I gave it a try around 1pm, late in August of 2014.  I was attended to immediately and the work staff  was friendly.  The best thing about the food was there was a lot of it.   The gravy was bland, the steak was bland, the eggs and potatoes, were ok, but I would not order the meal again.  The floor was dirty and needed cleaning and there were several  customers that looked as if it had been a long time since they had seen better times.  I did like the lady that waited on me as she had a nice smile and was very pleasant, but I was there for the food and I was disappointed in the meal.  I like to focus on the positive when giving reviews, as a lot of places are struggling to survive, but it is hard to do sometimes, when simple things like being clean is an issue.
4	I call this a 4 star meal because I came looking for some late night greasy and delicious food and that's exactly what i got. I am eating the cowboy omelette and it's dank. I don't know exactly what's in it. It isn't too greasy. I think it's ham and onions and some other stuff. It has some cheese on top which is cool. The home fries are dank too. I asked for them crispy. They aren't too crispy but they aren't soggy which is what I am more worried about. I recommend eating at this place when it's dark. If it's light out you might not like it as much. Take it easy.
5	LOUIE! LOUIE LOUIE LOUIE..... the BEST damn graveyard cook on the planet!The only thing difficult about writing this review is that I am right here right now eating the Greek omelette. It's a challenge to give props while devouring my fare of comfort foods.The atmosphere is the metropolitan origination of a mid city diner.According to this local: It's THE best place to bring the late night tourist crowd to see what happens in Vegas..... after hours. What happens at Tiffany's is Louie's good cooking!
4	Hole in the wall cafe. Decent prices. Good food. Very clean inside. Good service. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is their beverage prices are too high. $5.60 for two iced teas. Tea was nothing special. Obviously padding the bill this way. Still, if you want a decent meal with tons of old Vegas flavor, this is the place!
4	I went for breakfast this AM. This is a classic old time diner and located in a not so great part of town. The food is GREAT! I always go there when I want corn beef hash  for breakfast! It is the absolute best. If you are local try it! You will like it.
5	Awesome spot if you like old school hole-in-the-wall places. Came here for dinner at 1am after driving from the Bay Area. Louie will treat you right!Note: it's currently called Vickies Diner
5	Name changed to Vickie's Dinner - and they stepped up the quality of the food too! Try the Philly Cheese Steak and their homemade soups.
5	Super delicious hole in the wall with the friendliest staff. Stayed at the sls and didn't want to wait in line for the brunch place downstairs so found the nearest place for breakfast food. LOVED IT! The exterior of the restaurant was unimpressive but the food was so delicious. The staff was also so generous giving us some recommendations on some local spots to check out. I will definitely revisit this spot the nexr time I come visit vegas!
5	This is the best place in town. It's a cornerstone of Las Vegas. In the old days this was the place every famous person went too. I love the burgers. I don't eat at fast food places because I like real food this is real food not some frozen processed chemicals. I've never had a bad meal with them.
