5	Woo Hoo I'm first to review. Located in the front of container park, it's has no sign so go to the left corner and there they are. Street tacos with plenty of flavor. I got the 3 taco combo and my kids got quesadillas. Everything was delicious and filling.
5	Awesome food. Its hard to sell me on lengua but totally the ticket. Habanero salsa was the cherry on top. Ill be returning for sure.
3	we ordered the pastor tacos, a carnitas taco and a margarita.  I didn't notice the Margaritas came from a fountain, right next to the register.  If I would've paid more attention, I probably wouldn't have ordered it but oh well, I gotta have something to drink with my Pinches Tacos right?  The Pastor tacos were ok but I've had better at hole in the wall taco shops around Vegas.  Didn't get to try the Carnitas tacos since we only ordered one and my +1 ate it before I could try.  I like the huge menu they had inside.  I wouldn't mind trying the other items on their menu, they also have a "Gringo" menu for those who like Ground Beef in their tacos etc...they will bring out the food to your table which is nicer than having to wait around for your name/# to be called.
5	The food is incredible! I actually met Mr. Anaya and he took the time to talk/visit with us at our table for a few minutes... I look forward to seeig the store in Santa Monica.... Asada tacos have the best flavor.
5	Tastes like Mexico.  Not California, not Texas. Mexico.  Delicious...with many options for both meat and veggie eaters.  We are enjoying vegetarian flautas right now;)
5	This place was amazing!! Great food and you must try the tortilla soup! Went with a large group of people and everyone raved about their food. I will most definitely be back. So happy to find some great Mexican food.
5	I'm not sure if I'm easily pleased when it comes to Mexican food, or if this place is really that good... I'm going to say that it really is that good for the three main reasons that makes any restaurant good:1) The food - it's not good, it's GREAT. I've only been here twice and both times I had a burrito instead of tacos. I had one of the pork and the asada (beef). It was very more-ish! In my opinion, the perfect size for a burrito so you're not left with a heavy brick in your belly and carb crash shortly after. It comes with a side of chips and salsa with just the right amount of kick.2) The service was friendly and fast. The first time I was there, it was for a late lunch and the food was out in about 5 minutes. The second time I was there, it was during peak lunch time and there was a line that quickly moved, the food arrived at our table between 5-10 minutes. Both times, the people behind the counters were friendly, approachable and gave good guidance in what to order.3) The atmosphere was relaxed and it was the perfect outdoor lunch during a warm winter day. There's seating inside and outside, I sat outside on the patio where there were ample tables, chairs and heaters. With the warm (not hot) winter sun kissing my skin and my burritos, I couldn't have asked for a better lunch. I will say that the inside seating was a little sparse, due to the size of the stores in the Container Park, but I believe they made good use of the space that they had.I'll be eating my way through their menu in the coming months... or maybe weeks... ok, honestly, it'll probably be days :)
5	New taco joint! The Estiffy is aptly named and it's a meal. Two not so mini Chimis filled with nicely browned ground beef, perfectly deep fried with some stiffy producing creamy pink sauce and a nice topping of cotija cheese. Yum! Shrimp taco at $2.95 had a lot of nicely cooked shrimp with a cabbage salad and nicely sliced salsa. Busy little place.
5	I came here for a light snack and was really pleasantly surprised by how good it was! I had the Tiny Estiffy, two mini seasoned ground beef chimichangas, topped with a really tasty orange sauce and cheese. I also had a few bites of their Carnitas Burrito and that was a great choice as well. Even their tortilla chips were good! I'll definitely pay them another visit to try more items from their extensive menu.
5	People write reviews because of great experiences or terrible times. They feel so passionate of how the business got it right, they have to share their moment. I was not one of those downtown project followers, until now. I love the container park and their mission. I just wish it was bigger and had more shops. It's sort of an eclectic type of mall that has great eateries, notably Pinches Tacos. I ordered the combo taco plate, with chicken and shrimp... and corn. You rarely find street tacos with good meat. I've found a place. And, the corn was so good. Im writing a review of my second experience...The prices are a little high for the portion size, but once in awhile I find myself craving some Mexican food... I can see myself coming back for more. Like now!
4	Very good!  Had the three taco combo - chicken mole, asada and carnitas.  The mole was great.  Loved the green salsa on the asada.  Carnitas was pretty good, but not my fave of the three.  Yummy chips, but wish they'd given a few more.  Watermelon juice is delish!  Will definitely go back for more.
5	My pinche  review...When I saw this place (container park) I just had to stop and check it out. It kinda looked like a kids Quest for adults. I walked around checking all those unique stores and places to eat and decided to go into the pinches tacos container and order some food. Not my first time in a container but it is the first ordering tacos inside one. Last time I was in one of those containers there was definitely no tacos or beer for that matter and my "first" class travel companions weren't as nice as the people inside this one, but that's another story and what happened in that container stayed in that container, this is Vegas and this review is about pinches tacos.......The menu. I didn't get to read it all, actually I wasn't really going to try it is a huge blackboard with like a thousand items written all over it. the combo plate for 8.95 any three tacos caught my eyes and I ordered the asada tacos but came up to 10.45 because they charge .50 extra per taco for the asada or seafood. ( asada tacos are made with grilled angus beef.)Most of the seating is outside but they did manage to include some seating inside and if you're lucky you may find an empty table inside and enjoy your tacos in full container experience, specially if it's freezing outside. Tacos were good...very good. I need to go back and try other items, I took a to go menu and been planning my next visit. Tacos de pollo mole and camaron Fritos sounds very appetizing as many other items on the extensive menu.Service was good, you place your order, you're given a number (a Mexican lottery card in this case) and your food is delivered to your table by a smiling employee that makes sure your experience at pinches tacos is an excellent one. If you like good tasting tacos made with quality fresh ingredients and a clean environment, pinches tacos is the place to go. If cheap quantity and greasy food is your thing,.... well Roberto, this is not for you, but you'll be Gordo in no time.#greatfood!#greatservice#gordo=fat
5	Incredibly delicious. Good portions which I think match the price. But super tasty asada and chicken. Definitely be going back as the container park is a must visit place. This is a great spot to grab a bite when visiting downtown! Salsa tastes great too!
4	Firstly, let me say that I support the business name and theme.  It's got a great vibe to it for a small shop and it isn't afraid to have a little bit of personality.  It's tucked into Container Park near Downtown East Fremont, and I do mean tucked - it's almost hidden in a back corner.  I didn't see a title outside, which is probably thanks to its personality-filled name.  I can dig it.The service was spot on, friendly and fast.  Everyone on staff delivered full smiles and plenty of help to this gringo as needed.  I ordered the taco combo - three tacos of any choice and rice and beans.  Asada.  Al pastor.  And lenga.  Both the carne asada and the pastor were great, simple with a nice flavor and satisfying.  The lenga was a bit of a disappointment, but it was late in the evening and they did say they were running low.  So I'll cut it a bit of a break.Overall though, for a quick taco spot in downtown, I think it accomplishes what its after.  And hey, it's all in the name.
5	It's all good!
2	So Container Park is super cute!  My friend and I went there for the first time last night and decided to grab something to eat at Pinche's.  We love Mexican food so we were pretty stoked on it.I got the carnitas taco combo plate.  I was not happy with it at all.  I love the simplicity of street tacos, but that means the meat needs to be seasoned properly!  The pork was so bland!  And they don't give you enough salsa to make it taste better.  The corn tortillas were soaking wet so I couldn't even pick them up and eat them like a taco.  I looked like a real gringa using a fork.  The beans were also extremely under seasoned.I'll probably just go to the BBQ place next door if I'm ever over there again.  Sorry!
4	This was my first time eating at a Pinches. I actually got my meal to go.I got a steak and shrimp burrito. Really good and fresh. Not at all heavy or soggy like a lot of Mexican places may make them. Chips were good. I would definitely come back and try other things on the menu.
5	Delicious street tacos, fresh ingredients, lean meat and flavorful salsa.  Great place to bring children
5	We tried the Pinche plate with guacamole and a side of corn... All I can say is wow the food was absolutely amazing, I mean amazing! I just moved to Las Vegas from San Diego and in San Diego we have some of the BEST mexican food ever as a result of being so close to the border and this place feels a lot like home. It feels good to get some non fakexican food in my new home!
5	I have had thousands and thousands of tacos in Las Vegas. . . the carne asada taco here is hands down the best I've had in the Las Vegas valley and surrounding areas! The steak was seasoned and grilled to perfection. I found myself talking about them the next day and every time I think of Container Park.  I also LOVE the "Mexican Corn". The corn was HUGE and served with cream, cheese, lime and chili. I've only had corn like this served out of a shopping cart on the streets of Las Vegas and Los Angeles. I remember hoping the corn guy would come around so I could have some. This was ten times better than the shopping cart corn (and that was pretty good too). In fact people walking by kept asking where I got the corn.  My boyfriend had the lengua torta and loved it. He gets lengua all of the time for tacos and said this was really good.PROS: Carne asada taco             Mexican Corn             Lengua torta             Sitting outside enjoying the park while eating
3	Went to pinches last night. The carne asada is sooo good. We had eaten somewhere else already, but my husband wanted to try the tacos here. Has a bite of one of his carne asada tacos and wanted more. So we ordered a carne asada burrito. Great combination of ingredients, and the tortillas taste amazing.  Only disappointment was when I ordered potato and cheese taquitos, they poured salsa all over the top, when I asked for guacamole instead. So they were nice enough to remake them (I also tipped them extra for remaking them), but then all I got was potato taquitos with no cheese, no sour cream, OR guacamole. So I had two potato taquitos with a container of salsa. Really annoying that they got it even more wrong the second time. I was really nice about the mistake too, and thought I'd made myself pretty clear in what I wanted.
3	According to Urban Dictionary, Pinche Taco would translate to "F**king Tacos". LOL. This place is aiiiight. It was hella crowded during lunch time and filled with gringoes. They have some story on their menu why they're called Pinches Tacos, but you'll say pinche tacos when you see the receipt. Their two-bite tacos range from $2-3 a pop. Their drinks are $2.75. They have a combo, which I saw later, that includes 3 tacos, rice and beans for $9, it softens the blow. The food is alright, it's good, not the best. There's much better in town but it's in hipster Container Park and it's the "it" taco place at the moment. I agree their carne asada is good, their tortillas taste fresh and they have tasty salsas. Their Mexican corn on the cob is good too, tastes fresh, warrants the $3. In conclusion, if you want hipster tacos, groovy art and a trendy location, Pinches Tacos are for you. If you're a true pinche and want good, cheap grub, this is not the place.
5	The Mexican Corn was to die for. The service and ambience was priceless. Thank you , thank you.
3	Sad to say I thought it was just okay.  I had three street tacos carnitas (pork)pescado (fish) and asada (steak) neither had any flavor. I get trying to apese the masses but this tasted like nothing.  Even with their salsa I was surprised at how lack lust they were. I gave this an ok rating because I have faith they will make changes. Also their staff was very friendly. I will give them a second chance.
5	Such a great night getting to know the new Container Park!  I was very happy with the entire evening and wanted to end it on an even better note with some food from one of the new joints.  We decided on Pinches Taco.  One, because the name was awesome and two, I heard the food was great!It's in the north east corner of the Container park.  Just like all the stores in the park, it's a small joint, however, offers a lot of seating and tables right outside.  When I visited the location, it was pretty heavily staffed.  I didn't have to wait in line at all and trust me, there were a lot of people, being the grand opening weekend.  The staff was super friendly, everyone greeted me and other customers.  Service was remarkably fast!  Might have had something to do with opening weekend :) Awesome!There was a lot going on in the menu, so I just settled on Pinche Combination plate for $8.95.  You can choose Any 3 tacos from the menu, and it also comes with rice, beans and chips.  I decided on the three most popular things:  Beef (Asada), fish and shredded pork.  Oddly enough, the pork wasn't really the star.  That taco was served with red salsa and chopped onions.  The asada was perfectly seasoned and flavorful, chopped onions, chopped cilantro and green salsa.  The fish (unknown) was THE BEST one for me.  Battered and perfectly seasoned, served with a cabbage slaw and red salsa.  The most amazing fish taco!Man, those fish tacos alone, are worth the return trip.  I just can't stop thinking about it. I work downtown and think this place is super convenient.  I can't WAIT to get back.  Thanks for sticking around, Pinches Tacos!
4	Tacos are pretty good, but nothing too exciting. They all have "edgy" names, which if you know some Spanish slang, might make you a little uncomfortable ordering in front of your kids. Prices are decent, rice, beans and chips are really good. Like every other place in the container park, there's basically zero seating inside. Great to sit on the patio if the weather is good, not so great in December/January. I'm boosting to 4 stars because I like the container park (gentrification complete!).
1	My husband and I went to Pinches Tacos inside the Downtown Container Park because it smelled good. As we waited in line we noticed the cooks behind the counter were NOT wearing gloves. My husband (a chef) was very skeptical about this and wondered what other health codes they were breaking. We found out a minute later as one of the cooks scratched his ass and then pounded out a tortilla with his bare hand. Adios Pinches!
5	First time here. I really liked the food! Tried the 3 taco plate, with rice and beans. Ordered pescado, asada, and carnitas. Wasn't wowed by the carnitas, but the fish and steak were very good. The steak was a bit on the spicy side, but in my case that's a good thing. I'd try a burrito next time. They looked really good. I'd also get one of their margaritas. Have to say that's about the only thing missing from my meal, but I'll save that for another time when I'm not out with my kids.
4	WHAT TO GET? Pinches Combination Plate, of course!You get 3 tacos (add $0.50 for asada and/or seafood tacos) along with rice and beans. Chips.I got Carnitas, Al Pastor, and Fish Tacos.Of the 3, I'd probably only get the al pastor ones again. The other two were good, but I can do without them next time.They've got a bunch of other stuff on their menu so check them out but this is a sweet deal! And around this time, it's nice to sit out there in the day with the sun shining on you. Perfect sweater weather with some nice Mexican food.
4	Mexican Corn.....yummmmm! I want some now.Weekend get a bit busy so you have to wait but you have to try it. Pinche combo is definitely the way to go.
2	Service was good but the food did not have any wow factor..to be honest I could have saved money and had Roberto's for a better time..tacos el Gordo is a far better taco spot for sure!
4	Absolutely, love this place..   I gone twice, and have not been disappointed!  First time I had:-Pinches Combo which consist of  3 street tacos with our choice of meats (I choose Carne Asada).  Served with Rice, Pinto beans, and some chips-Cheese Enchiladas-Mexican CornThe second time:-Tostadas-Mexican Corn-Side of RiceThe tostadas are so fresh, and the crunch of the corn tortilla was legit!  So yummy, and they were not stingy with the carne asada.. The corn, well it is just mouthwatering, and I crave it all day!!!  Perfect flavors.  Sometimes Mexican corn can be too much, but they get it right every time...Overall, my experience there has always been awesome!  Prices could be a little cheaper, but you can't put a price on authenticity..  The workers make it feel like your walking into their home kitchen.  I love that it's in container park as it's an amazing place to be.  Last night, I felt like I was somewhere else, almost like a mini Pike Place in Seattle or Pier 39 in San Francisco (without the water of course) .  Its a perfect combination of Urban meets Art Gallery...
3	I guess this place is OK when you're in a pinch (get it).  We were looking for a quick bite to eat on the way to the Smith Center, who knew Le Thai was closed on Sundays, anywho, we ended up at the Container Park. We both settled on the Pinches Combo which is 3 street tacos with your choice of meat, I went with Carne Asada, Shrimp and Fish. I couldn't tell the difference between the shrimp and the fish there was so much breading on them. They also charge you .50 cents each taco for "upgrading" to seafood. Elote was pretty good, not the best I've had,  little heavy on the mayo. Horchata was good.For $35 for two people to have street tacos and a fountain drinks, it was a tad overpriced, in my opinion. Nothing was that good for me to come back again.
1	Not impressed at all , the food didn't have much taste to it and it's overpriced for the portion you get .
5	When you walk in to Container Park you get hit with the smell of the BBQ place but this place is a hidden Las Vegas gem. The margaritas and tacos are incredible! I am not one for spicy food but this hit the spot. Service and atmosphere are excellent! I had a burrito with guacamole onions and salsa. Amazing. My sister had the tortilla soup which was a bit like curry and delicious. My peach margarita paired great with my meal. Can't wait to come back and try something new!
2	The tacos were a rip off. I actually visited Marianas grocery store and they were better. Thanks for trying though guys.
5	WARNING: Super Addicting.Highly recommended is the CHICKEN MOLE BURRITO!! Delicioso. Normally I steer clear of any chain serving mole; but I took a chance, and it does NOT disappoint.The most tender carne asada, and moist carnitas. All the chips/tortillas/sopes are made fresh by hand, which you just can't beat. When you think about the quality of the food, the price is right on point.The fact that they serve elote is unique and has to be one of the best "snacks" in Container Park!! Yum. Yum. Yum. The service is excellent, and it is very likely they will remember you upon return. Real Mexican food from real Mexicans, right here in beautified (in process) Downtown Las Vegas.
4	PRO: got the nachos with Carne asada for 9 & margarita for 7.  Had them spice it up with habanero. Good flavor, but price is crazy.
4	The tacos were great. Unfortunately my order came out wrong. It was during the lunch rush so I didn't want to bother them to fix it. Still, the food was enjoyable and the staff was very nice.
1	I would give them a good review because their food really is good.... When they get it right. I have come here multiple times with my boyfriend and they have gotten the order incorrect at least twice.I am a vegetarian and have only had restaurants give me meat in my food probably 4 times in the past 6 years. As I took a bite into my potato manchego cheese tacos I distinctly tasted chicken. I waited 20 minutes to get the incorrect item that simply needs to be fried. Like I said before, I would go back if they could pay attention to the order.
4	The wait was a kinda long for just 2 orders of taquitos but it was well worth it. Had the flauta carne asada & potato/cheese w/side of rice. The portions are a good size, about 6 pieces per plate piled with guacamole, fresh salsa, Mexican cream & cheese. I could barely finish an order. The rice was really tasty too. I noticed a lot ppl ordering the taco plates and they looked delish, everyone's plates were licked clean. Good authentic Mexican food, definitely a step up from Roberto's lol
3	I asked for shredded beef tacos and got rolls tacos. The waiter said I should have asked for the gringo tacos since its the same thing as shredded beef tacos.. humm. I also got the corn on crack from the waiters suggestion as well as the watermelon beverage. The corn on crack was drowning in fake butter,  cheese and chile powder. ... No one at my table would touch it because it smelt and looked gross. The burritos looked good and folks at my table were satisfied which is why I gave 3 stars. I loved the watermelon beverage! This place has a great name, located in a great park, decent service and ok food.
1	With "Mexican food made by Mexicans" being their tagline I had high expectations for the food. Walking in you'll see a big menu written out on a large chalkboard. The menu is so big with such small writing that its hard to decipher. I ordered a fish burrito which was far from Mexican. The burrito was filled with mediocre fish and coleslaw. Coleslaw?? Had the place been advertised as a fusion food joint, I would have expected an interesting concoction such as this, but wanting Mexican food, I was sorely disappointed with what I ate.Also, the meal came with a side of very few tortilla chips and enough salsa for two chips (no exaggeration).
5	Super grubbin' food. The perfect grilled shell, excellent meat, amazing guac, superb chips, let's see what other superlatives I can come up with... Great food in a great location down at the container park. Perfect  for a lunch break. Definitely recommend it!
5	I've ordered a carne asada burrito from almost everywhere in the city, just to find a place that even compares with a place in California. This has by far been the best, though a little steep for a little container shop at around $10 for food and drink.
5	Yumm! The shrimp burrito is the bomb. Very flavorful and fresh.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Almost forgot the corn, don't miss it!
5	I eat here at least twice a week and always enjoy myself. Delicious and fresh food. friendly and hilarious staff. Things to try: the corn is bomb, tortilla soup is out of this world and the potato taquitos are life changing. Yummmm
1	Food was cold and the enchilada sauce tasted like spaghetti sauce.
4	I love Tacos El Gordo, but actually think that I would go here.  Everything was very good, and fresh tasting.  The refried beans are salty...but very good!  We got three of the of the taco combos.  Wife got the fish, loved it.  Son got the carnitas...it was okay, a little boring considering the rest of the meal, and I got the chicken mole taco, A-, the spicy carnitas, A, and Adobada, A.  The real star is the thicker and mild corn taco they wrap those things in.  The food came quickly, and eating outside at the Container Park is quite cool in its own right.  Oh crap....one more thing.  Three taco plates, a margarita, a Dos Equis Draft, and a horchada for $42.  While not amazing, it is definitely not absurd either.
4	OK I am a bit of a taco freak but with that said, very well done.  Nice choice of tacos, sides, drinks, etc...very friendly staff - simple, small & cozy atmosphere...  I found it easily enough but I could see how some might have trouble with the lack of a sign.  The inside of Container Park is pretty simple though in what you see is what you get.  Clean & easy to navigate.  Be careful with the hot hot salsa though - they are not kidding with it.  Had the Al Pastor, Chicken Mole & Fish tacos and found them all to be very satisfying.  This place is nothing earth shattering mind you but it is solid and for the price it was exactly what I expected.
4	Let me begin this review by saying that I hate Mexican food,  authentic or not.  Last night we took my in-laws to the container park because I had heard from friends about how cool all the restaurants and bars are.  We were surprised to find out there are only a handful to choose from, so we picked Pinches, and I of course bit the bullet and decided to give it a try.Mom ordered the enchiladas with beans and rice. The tortilla was on-point and the chicken was moist and flavorful, but the red sauce is too sweet.Dad ordered a burrito with lengua. It came with guac, cilantro, salsa, onions, beans, and rice inside.  Everyone really liked it. He also ordered a chicken taco, which was also delicious.Sean ordered a carnitas torta with onions, guac, Mexican creme, cilantro, and beans inside. It was good- the bread was almost like a flat bread.I ordered the asada "not nachos", which had cheese, guac, beans, green salsa (everyone else's orders came with red), home-made chips, and sour cream (I asked for no onions, so there weren't any).  It was f***ing delicious! I'm craving it even now as I write this review at 9 am and I'm not even hung over!!! The steak was honestly the shining star; it was so flavorful and not overly chewy or hard. Also it was kinda refreshing- everything was fresh and went well together like a flavor explosion in your mouth.  My nachos were definitely the table favorite.I think we'll be back soon!!!
4	great little spot @ container park! chicken taco and steak tacos were good! =) had the mexican corn on the cob and it was yummy!
2	I wasn't particularly pleased with the wait or the food.  I felt it was bland and lacked quantity. We waited at least 30 mins in the line before being able to order food and the another 10 for our food. We may try it again if the wait isn't so long.  Bummer that they use chicken stock in rice.
1	This establishment stands up to its name: Pinches tacos. In Mexico,"pinche" is an all purpose insult enhancer. The staff here were total "pinches" my 3 year old autistic son got the look when he spilled his Jamaica. And when I asked the waitress for a refill--she told me to go inside and pay. Listen, I've spilled drinks at fast food places and they've offered to refill. Accidents happen right!? Their sign mentioned "owned by real Mexicans" but when my real Mexican mother asked a woman a question in Spanish( yes this is America I get it) she acted like she didn't understand and responded in broken English. Aside from below average customer experience the food was cold and not acceptable for consumption. Since when are quesadillas served cold? All the plates were cold and the presentation could have been better assembled by the 1 year old in our party. The container park is catered to families and this establishment better think twice of they want to increase revenue. Turning the stick eye on helpless children is less than favorable for their reputation. If you have kids or like good Mexican food this pinche restaurant is not for you! Save your time and money.
2	It's an ok place ! I wouldn't eat here again .once in a life time kind of place . The portions for the pinche combo was small little rice little beans . And when the woman delivered the she took the plasticware from her apron . Hope she wash her hands after she used the restroom .And her apron looks like it hasn't been washed since they open the restaurant . Definitely not a place to eat if you have weak immune system . Definitely You'll have a stomach hurt . So for a 8.95 combo plate not a good deal thumbs down .
4	Oof. Much like Natalie Imbruglia in '97, I'm torn. This taqueria is a solid 3.5 for me, but considering it was a beautiful day outside and there was a live bass player doing his thing, I'll round up.  Why a 3.5? Price. Size. Taste (1/2 star off). Picked up the three taco combo ($9 w/ sides of rice, beans and chips), but it's nowhere close to enough food if you eat like a normal human. I'm not asking for Hash House style meals here, but these 'cos are tiny. Mentioning this so you get an extra side or some of that corn, bc you WILL be heading back on line for a few more tacos if you're hungry and only get the special. I suggest going down burrito road if you're looking to fill up. Any who, so yea, I spent $31 on five tacos, 2 beers and an order of chips and guac. Bleh. Of the 5 tacos eaten, my favorites were the adobada and al pastor. Each were paired with the perfect amount of toppings and the meat was moist and flavorful. A fun 4 bites for each of those tacos. Least fave? The asada. A bit boring for me here. Looking for the best tacos in Vegas? They're not here. Looking for a good taco downtown? It's here and you might enjoy some live music while you dine.Side note: a friend mentioned that the pollo mole was the best mole he's ever had. Sider note: he's from Philly, so he probably hasn't had much mole sauceSidest note: whomever calls the container park a 'hipster' area is a dolt... it's a total yuppie zone.
5	Amazing carne asada burritos!!!! And the chips and salsa were delish too... You must try this place out, container park is an awesome and much needed addition to Downtown Las Vegas!!!
5	Pinches Restaurant is what comes to mind when someone mentions container park. Besides the crazy slides they have that's waiting for a lawsuit cause all the kids that comes out says "ow I hit my head but it was fun" Anyways its a bit pricey but AL PASTOR with the hottest sauce they have, CORN ON THE COB and horchata to wash it down. Bomb! ~Fin~
4	It was my first time to Container Park and I came specifically to try out some of the food I had heard about. Pinches Tacos did not disappoint.The line was pretty long, but considering the length of it, they kept it moving really fast. The staff is all very friendly and they have a really good variety on the menu. We didn't have to wait too long for our food to be brought out to us, and they'll even bring it upstairs, which is nice. I ordered the chicken tacos which come with onions, cilantro, and salsa. They were really, really good. It tasted very fresh and flavorful. The rice and beans were also good. My friend ordered fish tacos and those also looked really good.My only major gripe is that the drinks are pretty expensive, bottled or fountain. The fountain drinks only come in one size and it's pretty small. It's somewhere around the size of a solo cup, maybe slightly bigger.Otherwise it's a great place. Definitely check it out!
5	Authentico y deliciso!   Hubby had the shrimp tacos and elote (Mexican corn) and I had the asada tacos and potato & manchego cheese flautas.... And they were amazing! Busy place and kind of hard to find a place to eat when busy, but so worth the drive and wait. We plan to be back again real soon.
4	Beautiful day at Container Park.  Pinches Tacos were very tasty.  Had the shrimp combo plate along with elote.  About the only downside is how they deliver your food.  They give you a stand with a number but they kept having issues finding people at tables.  None the less, the food was worth it and as the line of people backs up during a nice day I'm sure they will do well.
3	Tacos were good but like someone else said, "Mexican food made by real Mexican's", I expected their tacos to be even better than what they were. They got the food out super fast which was a + considering we were on a time crunch. They are really expensive for tacos though. Almost $30 for 2 people to order 3 tacos and 2 drinks? No tiny taco should be 3$. Maybe visit the LA taco trucks for ideas?
3	1st time to the Container Park, which is so cool, and my husband and I stopped into Pinches Tacos for some "Real Mexican food, made by real Mexicans" as they state on the outside of their shop.  Customer service was ok, the cashier seemed a bit rushed and frustrated.  For 2 beers, 2 chicken taquitos (plain) and 4 carne asada street tacos it was $40.  I literally had to stop at Robertos on my way home because I was starving.  The food itself was ok, nothing to write home about. Sure wasn't worth the price. I'll definitely return to the container park but I'll make sure to stop and eat somewhere else first!
5	These guys are for real! I haven't had a bad thing on their menu, yet I'm surprised at how good everything is every time I eat here!!! This is real Mexican Fare. In my opinion and this could be a stretch for most but PINCHE TACOS takes the number one spot for South of the border food in Vegas!
3	I want to give this place more than 3 stars sooooooooooooooooooo bad! Its a part of the new downtown. They have a cool name. And when I asked for some "real hot sauce" they responded with "We're Mexicans, of course we have something spicy enough for you!"It all sounds great right? Big menu, little bit of everything from authentic to Gringo. But overall, I was majorly let down when it came to the food. Pricing, decent. Service, stellar. Food, bland, average and needs work.I dined here with my boyfriend, and his kids who are 16 and 17. We got a variety of things from chicken tacos, al pastor tacos, carne asada torta, cheese enchiladas, and some chips and salsa. First off, chips and salsa were good and so was the side of super hot sauce. The taste lingered for hours, and I would buy it alone if I could. (wait can I?) Anyway, the chicken tacos were eh. The al pastor tacos can't compare to any of the tacos on the Q's taco challenge ventures. The carne meat was good, but the torta was a bit spongy. My enchiladas looked like they were about to take the cake, but again, eh. BLAND with no flavor. Stuffed full of cheese, with the potential to be bomb, and just ended up being a disappointment. I felt bad because everyone there was so kind and on their game. But I literally wanted to hit a drive thru on the way home. Maybe I eat too much Mexican food straight from LA, or maybe I am picky. Probably a bit of both, but either way- takes more than average tacos to impress me.
4	Love the fresh tortillas and Mexican corn.
4	This was our first time to container park. Heard so much about this place so had to try it. We don't eat meat, but that wasn't a problem here. We got the fish burrito, which came with chips and salsa. The burrito was pretty good.  My favorite part was the corn!! It was soooo goood!!!! Best corn I've ever had! The only downside was the long line. My husband stood in line forever and the food took a while to get there. The menu was also a bit hard to read. Overall,  awesome place.
2	Had a short break for work, so I decided while I'm in the Container Park I'll give this place a shot. Didn't have much time so I called ahead and placed an order for the Al Pastor Burrito. I arrived at Pinches Tacos 30-40 minutes later to find out my order was never made. Very disappointing. My food was ready about 10 minutes later. The burrito was decent sized, and came with a side order of tortilla chips. I think the situation warranted a free beer, but I was too hungry to complain. The burrito was pretty good! Definitely gets the job done while you're visiting the park. Prices are average, and the menu had a big selection. However, if you're looking for the best burritos in town, I highly recommend Cardenas.
5	I love this place I come here pretty often! They have really good tacos and corn. I haven't really tried anything else yet. Great service too!
3	Great service but the food is very bland. Shared the taco plate (shrimp, lengua, and carnitas) and chicken flautas. Many components of the dishes we had needed more depth. The rice and beans were completely uneventful. The carnitas tasted like absolutely nothing. The taco plate came with some salsa that was fresh tasting but could have had more of a kick to it. The flautas were decent as the chicken was seasoned and it came with a smoky/chipotle sauce to dip it in. They were so busy, I felt bad asking them for hot sauce since they don't have it out for easy access. The location is great but I recommend a hole in the wall taco shop for "real Mexican food made by real Mexicans" which they boast on the outside of their establishment.
4	I love it. Great food and the 10 minute loading zone outside works well for to-go orders if there's no line. $3 for a 16oz horchata is a straight up ripoff compared to Pepe's. The burritos are good and no upcharge for wet style.
1	I was really looking forward to eating here. Container Park food options are pretty limited and I assumed with a name like this, and all the controversy surrounding the name which I think hyped up the anticipation at least for me, it's got to be good. I was wrong. We ordered two steak tacos and a steak salad. The steak on all three items was super dry and completely lacked seasoning. The tacos didn't come with lettuce or cheese. Really nothing other than dry meat wrapped in a tortilla. Fail. The salad was even more disappointing. There wasn't much lettuce, mostly cabbage and the portion was so tiny!! Can't believe I paid over $12 for this teeny, tiny  The dressing lacked any flavor. I was really disappointed with the food here. It's a bummer but I will not be returning and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
3	"Real Mexican Food made by Real Mexicans"These people must not know about Roberto's.Food is meh. The rice was very bland. Refried beans left a lot to be desired. Tacos were definitely not worth the price. The chicken one wasn't even seasoned very well. The chicken Flautas, however, were actually pretty good. And the shrimp for the tacos were good, just not enough.The place is okay but only certain things are worth the price. Best bet: Stick to Roberto's.
4	I tried the shrimp burrito and potato flautas. SO good! Really this place is delicious. And everything tastes like it's made from fresh ingredients. Plus the location is great.Horchata is just ok. I've had better.
3	A Friday afternoon lunch by myself away from work landed me at Pinches.I had heard and read the upheaval regarding the name of this establishment and needed to stop by at least once to see it in person. It is in the Container Park, which was nice enough, but considering I was on a lunch break and I just wanted to eat I was pleased to see there was not much of a line outside PInches (which, by the way - does not have its actual NAME on the restaurant).The place is cramped, to put it lightly. However, the menu board is bright with neon colors chalked on. Select from tacos (of course), burritos, and even Mexican breakfast items. I will be back for you chilaquiles.You walk up the line and finally get to the cash register and are unceremoniously cramped against people attempting to get to the ONLY soda fountain in the entire place. The place is just entirely too small. But, I ordered an al pastor burrito, with no cilantro, and a small drink, made my way out of the cluster-F of people and sat at one of the two tables they have to the side inside the restaurant. Al pastor burrito - comes with meat, beans, salsa, and rice. Meat was not super tasty the way al pastor should be. I was disappointed. Taco y Taco has better al pastor by a long shot. However, burrito was nicely done, ingredients dispersed. You get what you get - and guess what? This place is in a touristy destination, it's a tiny place, and you can't see the meat they're using rotating beautifully, being sliced before your eyes. So - there ya go. It is not bad, nor is it great. There are plenty of places around town you can get AMAZING food like this (and probably for less). I would suggest one of the many places on Charleston Blvd.Anyway, I'll probably be back during another of my lunch breaks for the chilaquiles. If those are any good, the review may change.
4	That elote was off the wall! So flavorful and light. At home OC there are gentlemen who push the carts and sell pretty much the same style of elote, the OG way. Its delicious too but its really rich!. At Pinches Tacos, its wonderful and i cant get enough
4	My GF and i decided to give this place a shot and they did not disappoint! I got # tacos( Asada Alpastor and Adobada) all 3 were delicious! i also got some guacamole on the side it tasted very fresh! and no meal is complete with out a drink, i recommend their Horchata it is absolutely delicious!
3	Pinches Tacos: Mexican food made by real Mexicans. The food is overpriced and fair at best. $15 and change for 3 small tacos,a side of bean and rice, and a beer. Container Park is scenic and interesting. It is definitely yuppie, but that doesn't mean the food has to be mediocre. Expected more.
5	This is hands down the best Mexican food in Las Vegas in my opinion. Their horchata is some of the best I have tasted. They have Mexican corn on the cob that I would drive hours for just to eat. The staff is very friendly and it's in an amazing location. I would highly recommend this place to everyone!
4	I love the fact that Pinches Tacos has Elote ( Mexican Corn ) . It's a corn on the cob smothered with mayo, cheese , and hot spices. It doesn't sound like the healthiest thing in the world but It is a favorite of mine that isn't sold at a lot of Mexican restaurants. Whenever a place carries this dish I automatically add an extra star...(if it is good.) The Elote is wonderful here!. I ordered the beef flautas as my main entree . These were also delicious! They were a good size and it was filling. They have a nice patio for dining but we were lucky enough to find seats inside. The reason I say that is because there isn't a lot of  tables inside so I felt lucky to get one. It's a nice place to grab a bite to eat and people watch.
2	Came here for lunch a couple of weeks ago. I had high expectations but it was just a regular taco shop. In fact I think I like Roberto's better. Maybe it was what I had. I had the al pastor burrito, I wish I could say more but it just wasn't exceptional or enough for me to remember in detail how to describe it. It was smaller than what was expected for the $10+ I paid for the burrito and a drink, it came with a couple and by that I mean maybe 5 or 7 chips on the side. The habanero salsa had a good kick and flavor, that may have been the best part and that they had fresh brewed ice tea. Maybe I should just expect to pay that much since it is in the "new" area of downtown? Maybe I am just spoiled and expect authentic mexican food at a reasonable price... either way it just did nothing for me.
5	Probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. I got the Vegetarian tacos, they were fresh, flavorful and amazingly refreshing. However, I don't recommend walking all the way to Container Park 5 min before they close at 11pm. We had to sit in the park waiting for our takeout, with all the security guards hovering around us waiting for us to leave. Our food was finally ready at quarter after 11, and security quickly ushered us out onto the empty street. Walking back a few blocks to the more populated area of Fremont street was a bit creepy. Where was everyone? Weird. Next question was, where are we going to eat our takeout? We ended up sitting at a bunch of slot machines in the divey Fremont Street Casino while scarfing down our Pinches Tacos. Not the classiest atmosphere, but so worth it. I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Employes are very friendly. I enjoyed the decor very much. Very awesome. They make the best handmade tortillas i've had here in Vegas. I will definitly come back here and recomend people to stop by here for a taco or two ...
4	Employes are very friendly. I enjoyed the decor very much. Very awesome. They make the best handmade tortillas i've had here in Vegas. I will definitely come back here and recommend people to stop by here for a taco or two ...
4	First time eating here, lots of food choices. Street tacos are mostly all under $3.00 each. I had the al pastor, pollo mole, and vegetarian (I like veggies!) All were great. My friends had burritos, enchiladas, and a torta sandwich, all were a great size for the cost. They have Dos Equis on draft, as well as margaritas.  Yes the place is small....it's in the "container park".  The concept is to have smaller spaces with cheaper rent to promote local business. For sure it's not GAP, Claire's, or Taco Bell. I love the atmosphere, feels like you're not really in Vegas. My only worry are the metal seats outdoors when it's 100+ degrees out. Other than that, I'll definitely be back to hang out here.
3	To be fair, I like the look of Pinches Tacos, but I only had one thing there to eat - Mexican Corn on the Cob.  Perhaps a more in depth review would give me the chance to add another star.As one of only a handful of places to eat in the Downtown Container Park, Pinches had a shorter line.  But I wasn't particularly going for entrees here since we had some other food already from another eatery.  I did really want to check Pinches out though.  I ended up getting one of the biggest staples you can find on a Mexican menu besides rice, beans, and tortillas.  Corn on the cob!The Mexican Corn on the Cob from Pinches Tacos was actually not bad, although I prefer mine grilled.  This one looked like it was just boiled or steamed.  It did have the requisite Mexican cream, cheese, and chili powder on it though.  A very good helping of it.  The corn on the cob was a good size as well, enough for two people to munch off of.  Overall taste was good, the sweet corn blended well with the hit of cream and the salty cheese.  The kick from the chili powder was most welcome.  I would definitely have this again the next time I come back to Pinches Tacos.The thing that took 1/2 star from this review should be no surprise...the price.  Wow, $3.95 plus tax for one corn on the cob?  Seems really high priced for me.  I mean, you can go down to your local Mexican market around town and get the same corn on the cob (in some cases better) for like $2!  There's this Mexican guy I pass by nearly everyday from work who rolls around his little food cart and sells corn on the cob for $2 and his looks just as good as the one from Pinches Tacos.  I must say, the raise in prices must mean the rent at Downtown Container Park can't be cheap.  Hopefully when I feel like braving the parking and the crowds at this park again I'll be able to stop by Pinches Tacos for another taste.
3	Hubby & I had burritos from Pinches.  I had the carne asada burrito which was yummy & hubby had the shrimp burrito which was not all that great.  The carne asada had lots of flavor & the meat quality was good.  The shrimp was fried and the burrito was mostly filled w/ cabbage.  I had to knock off one star for inadequate serving sizes (way too small) & another star taken off for stale tortilla chips.  The chips tasted a day late & a dollar short.  Customer service was good.  Just a side note:  Its awful stuffy inside Pinches, the AC would be nice while ordering your food, and probably much appreciated by the employees who are sweating bullets over the hot grill.
3	This was a great start to a night of drunken debauchery in Downtown LV. More info on that... never.Everything here is pricey, and this is coming from the guy who was upset when Taco y Taco raised their prices at their original location from $2.00 to $2.15. It's $2.60 here at the entry level, unless you decide to try the cactus taco (I didn't). I just went ahead and did the $8.95 combination plate for three tacos (chose al pastor, adobada, and lengua) with rice and beans. I'm not quite sure if the chips were part of the deal or if we actually did get them separately for our entire group.The food is pretty decent. I really did like the rice and beans, especially the beans. I thought the tacos were each okay, maybe the lengua being the best of the bunch. The al pastor did not come with pineapple, which was disappointing. It was also curious that there was only one tortilla per taco, not two as all the truly good places seem to use. By the way, I had a couple of beers from this place, but this doesn't need to be spoken about too much.In a Container Park context, this place is most likely a solid choice. But in the Vegas taco scene, it really isn't worth making the centerpiece of your visit.
3	I actually feel bad for people that think the tacos at Pinches Tacos are the best. Decent at best, nothing tasted special or excellent, it's average across the board.
5	It might just be the pinches margarita talking, but this food is awesome. Delicious food at decent prices. And there are many vegetarian options as well. Eat here!
4	I love Pinches Tacos. It's a little pricier than most taco places out here and it's out of my way. But if I'm ever downtown (which is pretty often these days) this is always my go to place. I can't come here without getting an elotes. It's my favorite. The lengua and el pastor are always my choice of tacos. Both flavorful and tender.
4	Wow! after moving from Texas I was stressed to find some good Mexican food and then I found Pinches!
5	My experience with the staff was phenomenal, everyone there is very friendly and attitude free. The food is great. Only go in there for their tacos. Home made tortillas... That definitely drew me in to visit. For dine in guests... They have table cards (Lotteria) instead of "numbers" its so authentic, I love it.
5	I just had probably the best nachos that I have ever had in my life! Food was fresh, it taste great and was not overly costly.
5	Just became my number one taco joint!Had their al pastor and lengua taco and both were deliciouss! that al pastor is special. Will be my go to spot at container park. The use of comic sans on their sign has been forgiven.
5	This is no Baja Fresh. This is a place for real foodies looking to get away from normal day to day "Mexican". Good location in container park, clean, and great menu selection. Homemade tortillas. I would recommend the lengua tacos. Decent prices, and a good vibe.  Owner comes around and asks how everything is going. I wish that more restaurants would take notes.
5	I ate here recently, and asked the girl taking my order if there was anything spicy that came on the tacos I ordered. The girl said no, but there was a misunderstanding and she thought I was asking for the spiciest sauce they had. After I got my tacos, I went inside with my eyes watering and asked if they could remake them without the spicy sauce. I felt like the misunderstanding was my fault, and i felt bad having them remake them, but they were so nice! They remade them for me, gave me a free drink, and a free horchata! The al pastor tacos were delicious, and the horchata was the best I ever had! Not to mention, the prices were great. I wish I could personally name the staff that took care of my order that night. They should all be promoted. This place is fantastic.
3	Atmosphere is awesome! Container Park is great. Tacos were good. My comer spot is better but I'd still comeback.
5	So good I came back! Some of the best mole in town. It's inside the Container Park, so it's fun too. They have fresh brewed tea, the traditional Mexican fruit beverages (horchata, etc), beer & wine, and soda fountain. Everything is made fresh and it's simply delicious. They do deliver and you can call in ahead. When it's not too hot, there is seating out on the patio over looking the park. Must try at least once.
5	This place is a gem! The food is great! I am a huge mole fan and their mole is fabulous! Service was exceptional. I can't recommend this place highly enough. If you find yourself in Vegas, go to Pinches!
5	Affordable, great food, and the staff was very helpful,and courteous.  I had the al pastor tacos, which I highly recommend.
1	I had the burrito al pastor and my girlfriend had the chicken burrito. I'm the type of foodie who likes loud flavors and enjoys a flavor combination to just wow my palate. This was not one of those experiences. It was mediocre at best. Pork was not particularly flavorful - didn't really taste like an al pastor to me. Chicken burrito was equal subpar - not much to comment about. Best part of the meal was the dos equis on tap for 5 bucks. I liked the container park- just look for somewhere else to grub.
5	Really good chips and freshly made tacos! Great find in container park !
5	Tacquitos weren't my favorite but the tacos and flauntas were really good. My service was great and very friendly staff. Will definitely be coming back for Mexican food made by real Mexicans.
3	Really good tacos but overpriced for what it is.
2	Pretty disappointed and I really wanted to like this place.  I had the carnitas tacos and the meat had almost no flavor, same for the tortillas which completely fall apart as soon as I picked up the taco.  The beans and rice were just OK. The service and atmosphere were decent, but so what if the food is bland.
5	I just had the potato & cheese flautas. They're so satisfying. And the salsa roja & guacamole add great flavor. This little corner of Container Park es muy bien!
5	Pinches Tacos is the reason I came to Container Park again. I looooove their food here! The first time I came here, I got the Chicken Nachos which were BOMB. They came with queso fresco too, which I love and is such a deal maker kind of topping for me. I also got their Watermelon Juice which was just a lovely as the nachos.The second time I came to Pinches Tacos, I got their Elote, which tastes just as good as the elote you get from the neighborhood carts! I tried the Blood Orange Margarita, but ended up just trading it for a Watermelon Juice because the margarita was much too strong for me at that time.Anyway, go to Pinches Tacos! They have real Mexican food that you will love!
3	Expensive- but great! I love the new Container Park- the whole hipster scene is a breath of fresh air here in Vegas, and the miniscule sense of community is wonderful!
5	A fantastic little taco shop inside the Container Park. The menu offerings are vast and all made with pride as well ample in size. The staff is friendly and lend to an overall great experience.
5	Love, love, love this place. I have class at the downtown learning village every week and get dinner here every time. I'm a particular fan of the quesadillas de asada and the lote, always with a cold horchata. Pinches does offer an Americanized menu (for "pinches gringos," the chalkboard notes), so I hesitate to rank it my favorite Mexican restaurant, but it is in my top three. If you find yourself downtown, it's definitely worth a try.
4	First time to Container Park.  Walked around and decided to try this place.  The inside is tight quarters but there's a nice outdoor patio.  Staff was friendly.  Great chips and salsa.  Had the three taco combo and a Dos Equis on tap.  Carne Asada, Chicken Mole and Pescado (fish.)   Tortilla was soft but held together nicely and the meat and fish were a generous portion, well seasoned and tender.  Look forward to going again soon.
4	Food is awesome! Great flavor, friendly service, great prices. Not much inside seating but there is plenty outside patio seating. Located inside Container Park.
5	Tried pinches tacos yesterday with a friend. I had the cali burrito and it was pinche good! The Staff was really nice and really liked the vibe of the place. Highly recommend!
3	The music and the decoration of the restaurant are a nice touch, their logo "cooked by real Mexican" is the catch but unfortunately the food is not that great.
5	New favorite - carne asada fries. Why didn't someone think of these before?   Extra crispy tasty fries, plenty of carne asada, beans, pico de gallo, guacamole...sorry if I left anything out but in my defense I was in a race with friends for portion size.  The staff were super nice, prices were low and the menu looks fantastic.  Later one of the vendors in another container said we have to go back and try the green sauce that's not on the menu...next time, definitely.
5	I am IN LOVE with these tacos. I've tried every kind they make, even the lengua, and the food is seriously outstanding. A must-try if you're down on Fremont near Container Park.
5	The best freaking tacos in Vegas! The staff is also so friendly! Nice atmosphere for lunch outside on Container Park.
5	So my first visit to Container Park was oh-so-magical.  The fire-breathing praying mantis, the adult slide, the cozy feel.  Sit upstairs for a view - they'll bring the food up there. -:)Their asada taco and margarita are the two things I keep coming back for.  They let their meat marinate in something oh-so-tasty and it's always so tender & flavorful.It may be a little pricier than average but not only is it Downtown it's also in Container Park, so that doesn't really matter to me.  I get great food, great drinks and a great view.
2	Extremely overpriced flavorless mexican food. Customer service.,. Ehhhh not so good. I know they pay premium for this location but come on.... At least put meat in your beef. They get two stars because I like the chips yet the burrito and tacos we got were so gross!
5	When I show up to a typical Mexican food joint, if I see carnitas in the menu, you've already got my attention. But Pinches' has an unfair advantage: they serve beer. Another unfair advantage is that Pinches is located inside Container Park(an awesome atmosphere with live music usually playing 90% of the time), but one of the big reasons I give this place a five stars, is their serving system seems to be nearly perfect. This is my third visit, the first time being given a wrong order, but a mere SECONDS later, the correct food was on our table(nothing worse than being hungry and seeing someone else's food) and we were chowing down.I like my burrito made a certain way and they served it up exactly how I like it with no guff. Great food. Great atmosphere. Beer. How can you go wrong? With Taco y Taco and Roberto's in town, it's nice to try excellent burritos and fish tacos with great flavor. This is definitely one of my favorite Mexican food spots in Las Vegas
5	The best nachos and chicken ever. We are locals and drive 20 minutes just to get their food. 3X in one week!
5	I love this place 3rd time this week the steak tacos or bad ass and leave you wanting more.
5	We ordered carne asada fries and chicken flatuas. THE FOOD WAS AMAZING !!! by far the best mexican food I've had in Las Vegas. Much better than robertos and tacos y tacos. The carne asada was tender and delicious stacked with crispy fries cheese, pico and guacamole. The chicken flatuas were for my children who devoured them. They came with crema gucamole and pico I only got one bite but the filling was delicious. We spent almost $25 for two menu items, one fountain drink and a bottle of water, a little pricey but definitely worth it. My only complaint is the restaurant is kinda small so navigating my stroller was difficult and it was too cold to eat outside more heat lamps pls !!
2	I give this place 2 stars because it was edible. Carnitas were whole pieces of pork with no flavor. Pastor tacos were the only semi-saving grace for this place. The menu talks about gringo this, gringo that, and I told them I would be compairing them to taco truck in East LA. Needless to say this place is not even close to, "Real Mexican food made by real Mexicans" as their entry sign boasts. Not worth the time of day.
2	I had the three taco combo plate.  I was so excited because the tortillas were home made.   However they fell apart and were not that great.  The carnitas were NOT good.   The meat was not cooked all the way. Carnitas should fall apart and be well done not chunks of meat.   I Am a white girl and make better carnitas.   The beans were not good either.
5	My wife had the 3 taco combo with 2 asada tacos and a carnitas taco and she said it was good.  I had a al pastor taco and it was excellent hard to get the seasoning right but they nailed it.  The tacos were made with homemade corn tortillas and that's what sent it over the top. Love the elote it was hot and fresh.
5	Super good food! Friendly service! Feels like home atmosphere great music playing and the carne asada fries where to die for!
5	I LOVE PINCHES TACOS!!!!No Really....LOVE!First off, in the Container Park in Old Down Town. Such a super cool place to go.We love bringing visitors to the park. Take them for the obligatory walk down Freemont St, then stroll over to Pinches for your reward! Delicious, amazing tacos!I always get the taco plate. 3 tacos of your choice, rice and beans. And although I am definitely a gringo, but one my favorite is the lengua tacos (if you don't know, maybe you should not ask.) But the fish tacos are amazing, as are the rest. I have never been disappointed here!Last time I was there, had a bite of the Torta (a mexican sandwich) - It was awesome too! If you are a local or even visitor and in the Old Downtown/Freemont area.Do yourself a favor and go check out Pinches in the Container Park. You will not be disappointed! YUM!
5	So good! I drove through Las Vegas and on the way back stopped here AGAIN. The staff of Pinches Tacos are skilled. New favorite.
5	Beat place ever they have to die for carne asada crispy fries and the BEST ORANGE BLOOD margarita in las vegas....I will be going back alot
