4	New ramen place in town located at the same plaza as Kihn Do and HK Seafood Garden. Thanks God that it's not quite the same as the other ramen places in town. They specialized only in Miso Ramen. No Tonkotsu or Shio Ramen. The restaurant has signs everywhere that telling you about how healthy their miso ramen is. Their wall and menu have information about the benefit of miso.Each table has calories comparison of burger, tonkotsu ramen and miso ramen. Based on their note, a basic miso ramen only has 600 calories.Misoya Tomi is located around the world. Other than U.S.A and Japan, they also have a location in Taiwan, Brazil, Thailand, and Canada. Although, the owner told me that they are not a franchise and not all of the Misoya own by the same owner. Their basic miso flavors are mild Kome Miso (Hokkaido Style), sweet Shiro Miso (Kyoto Style), and bitter Mame Miso (Nagoya Style).Cha-Shu Kome Miso has fried potato, Cha-Shu Shiro Miso has fried tofu, and Cha-Shu Mame Miso has Ebi Fry (Fried Shrimp).Their Chasu has a very mild flavor. Chasu has been slow roasted in the oven and grilled before serving. I like the thickness, texture and the tenderness of the Chasu. Flavor wise, maybe not as rich as the other tonkotsu ramen place, but it also has less fat and feels a tad more healthier. One thing that I noticed about their ramen, this is the first Japanese ramen place that I didn't end up feeling thirsty after eating ramen. Most of other ramen places in town always make me feel very thirsty. I'm not sure if that's because of the salt or the MSG. I actually feel good and satisfied with their miso ramen.  Their price is a little bit more expensive compares with Sora or Monta. They also have a Japanese menu hanging down from the bar area kind of like Ichiza style . But it's all in Kanji, so I have no idea what they say.There is a complimentary lychee sorbet after I finish my ramen. It actually pretty tasty, it has an actual lychee in it. Even though its rather small, but still a nice way to cleanse my palate. I also got a point card, a free gyoza for every 5 ramen. I'll be back to try their other miso ramen.
3	Visited today (5/11/14) and I am not sure if I like this place. They just opened so I guess I just have to come back later and give this place another try.ATMOSPHEREVery spacious and this place really reminded me of traditional Japanese teisyoku restaurant. I felt like I was in Japan! Yellow papers above the counters are decoration for now but I believe they are going to be added to the menu later (Some paper said kimchi ramen, spicy ramen, katsudon, etc. Can't wait to try those!)SERVICEThey just opened so I understand that they are still lost on some part but 3 ramen that my group ordered took over 20 minutes. Kitchen people looked frustrated and was giving off a negative vibe/attitude. They gave us a small side dish as an apology for the long wait. Seemed like all of the tables waited over 20/30 mins for theirs too. Need some patience if you are coming here.RAMENThey offer 3 different broth. Hokkaido style, Nagoya style and Kyoto style. My group each ordered different broth and we all agreed that Hokkaido style is the best. FYI Kyoto style (shiro) is sweet. I personally liked Hokkaido and Nagoya style.After choosing your broth, you choose the topping. Chashu seems to be the most popular but they also have Yasai (vegetables) for a healthier option. Besides those, you can add toppings like corn, egg, potato, etc. So many options to choose from!I ordered the karaage ramen because I never had anything like that. Karaage is usually an appetizer so I thought combining that with ramen is an interesting combination. Turns out, it was too oily for me. It came with 3 pieces of karaage, a fried shrimp, ground beef and lots of bean sprouts. It's so oily that you can see a layer of oil on the soup. DESSERTThey gave us a lychee ice cream at the end. It was so refreshing after the oily ramen I had. Loved it.CONCLUSIONNot a fan, yet. I just have to come back later to give it another try. When we left the store, one of the server came outside and apologized for the long wait. I thought it was really nice, not because she apologized for the wait but because it's the type of customer service you get in Japan but you rarely get here in U.S. It just shows they truly care about their business and are still improving.
5	This new ramen joint is another one of those that recently opened up on spring mountain rd by china town. They are specialized in miso flavored ramen and you get to choose from 3 different types. Have tried all 3. My favorite will be the shiro miso. The atmosphere reminds me of the ramen shops in japan. Nothing fancy but relaxing. They have an open kitchen which to me is always a plus cuz you get to watch the chefs prepare your food. Tried their side dishes as well such as gyoza dumplings and fried chicken. Decent. Their chashu pork is awesome too. Very thick and flavorful. The only thing negative or I should say my recommendation will be to have them try making the soup more hot. It's all preference but I just like my ramen to be super hot but overall, fantastic. I'll definitely come back again.
3	My ramen was ok but my wife's ramen was served warm, not hot as any ramen should be so she complained. The japanese server was very apologetic, she even followed us outside after paying to apologize again. Perhaps they are trying hard to improve.
5	Best ramen place in Vegas, very healthy, authentic and great service.  Their Cha-shu come with 3 thick slices and juicy. Must try.  Noodle is also thicker than most ramen places,  soup is all natural flavor of miso, not salty just right,  you don't get so thirsty.  Highly recommended who wants to try a real Japanese miso ramen.
4	For those that find Monta salty and crave for the chewier noodles and miso flavors of Sora, Misoya might be your happy medium.  The place is stark, white, yellow and clean.  I wish they had painted the walls a different color to give the place a little more warmth.   The service is very friendly, but make sure you are very clear about your orders or you will get lost in translation.  We asked for a to-go box for the rice and got a rice bowl meal instead.  We ordered the chasu Shiro and chasu Kome ramen.  I read on a review here that the Shiro broth had sweeter flavors and hubby liked that.  The Kome broth is less rich than Monta and Sora, I missed the oilier broth that chills in the refrigerator into a gelatinous form (not this one, perhaps there is more miso than bones as base).  Also, there are healthier topping options here.  On the Shiro bowl there was corn, tofu, potato, salad greens.  On the Kome were corn, bean sprouts, cabbage, salad greens.  Personally, I didn't really care for the greens (but they made the bowl look pretty). The ground beef that came with both bowls were very tasty, I actually enjoyed it a lot more than their chasu.... Which was a shame because their chasu cuts were exceptional - thick, meaty with only a sliver of fat and grilled, so it had a nice smoky favor.  Problem is it was bland.  It was, huhu.  I wish they would marinate this more and it would be the bomb.  The gyoza was standard, nothing memorable.  We also ordered the Japanese style chicken karaage which was served with sauced grated radish and green onions.  This unfortunately was a miss for us.  It was very bland and the toppings made the chicken soggy.  We never leave karaage on our plates and we could not finish this one.  Sniff.  Thank goodness a delightful free surprise came in the end of our meal - yuzu sorbet!  YUM.  This is not as sour as most sorbets I've tried and it was a perfect ending to a heavy ramen meal.  If we weren't so full we would've ordered more.  I wanted a whole shake of this!All in all, we left Misoya quite happy with the ramen we had.  We just asked for spicy miso paste and slathered some on our chasu and all was good.  Would we go back?  Their yuzu sorbet will be haunting me for a few more days, but I think I'll revert back to Monta for my ramen fix.  If you find Monta too salty and oily, then you will most likely be camping happily here at Misoyasplease.
4	Back when we lived in Silicon Valley, my wife really liked Misoya in Santa Clara. In fact, their miso ramen was her favorite.So... we were excited to hear that Misoya now has a location here in Vegas! We had shiro miso and kome miso, and those bowls of ramen didn't disappoint.The most notable item: Chashu. Their char flavored chashu is the best!
5	A interesting take on Ramen, glad I have a chance to experience it in the Beginning! So why the 5? Because for once I feel full off of eating just the bowl of Ramen! Usually I give 4, because it's not hard to mess up Ramen *cough* (Hiromaru) :: I like the flavor and the noodle type! Waitress was super attentative, you can tell she likes to work:
4	Cute little ramen place that just opened not too long ago. My friend and I were looking for a ramen place that was open late because our usual spots were already closed. During the weekdays they close at midnight and the weekends at 2 am. Service was really quick considering it was only us and one other person there. Our waitress was super nice. Portions are a little bigger than what I'm used to, but their prices are also a little higher than most ramen places I've been to. We also received free lychee sorbert which was really yummy! Can't wait to come back :) They also have a stamp card.
4	A little different from the other Ramen Shops in town. In a good way. The restaurant is bright and simply decorated, but comfortable. My boyfriend chose the Shiro Miso Chasu, and I got the Spicy Shiro Miso. The spicy was not particularly spicy to me, but it was flavorful, and sweeter than I expected. Lots of greens and veggies in the bowl, which I liked. I wasn't a big fan of the chasu though, as it was grilled, and not tender, the way  I like. I'll probably get the one with just vegetables next time. It was a little more expensive than other places, but the portions were HUGE, so I can't complain. Also, the complimentary lychee sorbet was the perfect way to finish a meal. I'll be coming back to try the Kome and Mame styles.
2	I have mixed reviews about this new ramen joint in town.  Although the service was excellent and the presentation of the food was very nice, the time (15 minutes wait) it took to prepare the food was not so good.  I ordered their cha-shu kome miso ramen and you can tell they really took their time to prepare it.  The char shu was grilled perfectly. The miso broth was okay but the addition of a couple of soggy french fries to the miso broth was a little weird to me.  I also think it's a little pricey for what you get, but luckily their special right now is extra ramen ($1.25 value) for free.  I also ordered their fried rice and this was a big disappointment.  The fried rice was so basic with just scrambled eggs in it.  Definitely not worth the $5.  Not sure if I would go back to try anything else.
4	Even if you aren't a huge fan of miso, don't be afraid to give this place a try! I like miso soup, but I usually don't like miso anything else, so I was apprehensive. But I ordered the cha shu Kome/Hokkaido style ramen and really enjoyed it!It came with 3 large pieces of cha shu, bean sprouts, cabbage, ground pork, corn, fried potato and bamboo shoots. The noodles had an al dente texture. I didn't add anything extra and it was very filling! We also got a side of fried rice - I liked it, but my husband prefers the drier style of fried rice. The complimentary lychee sorbet was a great end to the meal! Service was on point - the staff was friendly and attentive. This style of ramen is definitely different from Monta or Ramen Sora, but worth a try!
5	I have tried just about every Ramen spot in town and this place is my new favorite! I had the Shiro ramen and had some added toppings. I can't express how amazingly perfect the chashu was. So thick and i like the way they grill it. The fried rice was excellent as well. The cheese gyoza was a unique awesome side dish. And the service was as good as it gets, extremely attentive and willing to help us first timers. All in all this place and Fukumimi are the best ramen spots in town hands down!
5	The best Ramen in Vegas hands down.  I've had all 3 - Kome, Shiro, and Mame and they are all good.  They are all Miso based and stocked with tons of veggies and al dente noodles.   The cha shu pieces were big, grilled, and very tasty.They have free wifi, service is exceptional, and the ramen is levels ahead of all the competitors and i've pretty much been to every Vegas ramen shop.  They specialize in Miso and offers ramen specialties unlike any of its competitors.With the ramen expansion/over saturation over the course of recent  years, i hope this place blows up.  It deserves your business.   As mentioned, stay away from the fried rice.  Stick to the Ramens - I rank them in the same order as it appears in the menu:  Kome, Shiro, Mame but they are all awesome!
4	I generally prefer tonkatsu broth because it's fattier and I love anything with lots of fat content, but this ramen is better than the miso based broths at the other ramen locations.  I tried the Kome and Mame and I favor the Mame broth flavor over the Kome.  There were some weird notes that keep it from being a 5 star rating, the Kome comes with fried potato...which was just french fries thrown into the broth.  I was expecting a potato croquette or something a little more Japanese.  Also, in terms of the greens...I much prefer green onions over spring mix tossed on top.  Soggy salad really doesn't taste too appetizing.  I noticed in the pictures...other people had green onions and not random spring mix.  Perhaps it was the time of day....but I'm willing to give this place another chance and hope it's not quite as odd the 2nd time around.  However, the noodles here are my favorite out of all the ramen locations.  They are thick and chewy and cooked al dente.  The chashu I wish was a little more flavorful, but it was a good ratio of meat to fat.  The Mame was my favorite since it came with a legit shrimp tempura and the broth seemed richer in flavor than the Kome.  We also tried the karaage, but it seemed a little oily and the coating wasn't as crispy as I like.  They do end the meal on a very good note, we were given free yuzu sorbet.  The sorbet was light and refreshing....I would probably order this if it was on the menu!  They also have a stamp card, so if you eat enough bowls you get free gyoza =)
4	Haven't had a great miso ramen like this in a long time.   Finally a place that serves good basic ramen.   Wished they served shoyu and shio flavor too.  There are plenty of tonkotsu soup base ramen house in town. As far as miso is concerned I think Misoya is the best in town.
5	Best ramen in town! It's simple and quaint, it resembles a traditional Japanese ramen shop. The most important aspect of this place isn't just the flavor of the ramen's itself but it's service. The staff are so warm and hospitable, very reflective of the culture. Please keep in mind they emphasize on Miso base ramen. The menu is divided into three sections Miso ramen from Hokkaido up north (sweet, full bodied) and Nagaya ramen from south (bitter taste) and of also course Shiro miso. They will bring out an special appetizer menu that varies from month to month. What is unique about the menu is that they have a section displaying all the health benefits of ramen which I find to be pretty Awesome! One bowl of ramen is between 700-900 calories, I can deal with that :-) I ordered the spicy miso ramen (Hokkaido) with a request for extra corn. You have the option to add additional toppings. My friend had the Chasu ramen (Hokkaido). Also, we tried the special karage fried chicken, it was a little too greasy but great in flavor. Both soup flavors were amazing, I enjoyed slurping my freshly cooked ramen. Did I mention while we slurped away, we all cheered on the World Cup game, what a great time! At the end the server and owner gave us complimentary gelato, what a nice touch. I really was surprised by their level of service, worth the trip alone!
4	This was my first time going to a Ramen house, but I was lucky enough to have a Japanese friend with me. Do not be afraid to explore this place on your own. Use these tips.  The menu is broken down into 3 parts...Each with a slightly different broth from different regions in Japan.1. Left side is Kome Miso (Hokkaido style) - full-bodied broth 2. Center is Shiro Miso (Kyoto Style) - fruity and natural3. Right side is Mame Miso (Nagoya Style) - bitter finishYou can order from any pre-fixed menu item and then add many toppings as you like. I ordered the Kome Miso (Hokkaido style) #4 Spicy Ramen and it was good. I loved the pork in it. For spicy ramen, it was pretty mild and I wish I would have gotten the extra spicy add on. I did get the fried chicken and fried shrimp add on, and both were delicious!  I highly suggest to add the chicken to any dish you get.  So, don't be afraid to come here. They speak English and the menu is in English too!  Use the tips I gave you and go for it!!It's worth trying!!
4	This restaurant is still a hidden gem and a great alternative if you do not want to wait in line at Monta Ramen.  But Monta Ramen is still some of the best ramen I have ever had in my life.  The ramen here is nothing special and as you eat it may slowly start to taste bland but this is still better than any place in Houston Texas where I am from so 4 stars!  Also note the chasu is a very hearty portion and I do not recommend the fried chicken.
5	Staff was friendly, Ramen was hot (most Japanese love hot soup) and yummy.A new type of Japanese noodle in Vegas, MISO Ramen is popular in Japan.
2	I'm a fan of Japanese ramen, and a frequent visitor at Sora and Monta.   I went to Misoya Tomi with couple of my coworkers for lunch after reading some good reviews from my friends.   We were all very disappointed!  We all ordered Kome lunch special.  Broth:  Bland!  Maybe we're used to stronger flavor at Sora and Monta, but it's just not good.Noodles:  Thicker noodle and el dente, but it does not come together well with the broth.  Cha Shu:  Thicker and Grilled.  Dry, flavorless, chewy/tough!  I ordered 2 but only ate one.  It's like chewing on rubber.  At Sora, the cha shu comes together with the noodle and broth so well that it tastes like they all have been simmering together for some time.Fries:  Why are there fries in the soup?  It's not bad but doesn't really make sense.Veggies:  overall A-ok.  Lots of beans sprouts in the soup, some bok choy and cabbage.Menu/Price:  One of my biggest complaints.  Over $11 for a bowl of noodle soup without any cha shu???  you'll need to add chashu for over a $1 per piece.  So a regular bowl of ramen at Sora that costs $7-8 is valued at $13 here.  Even though for lunch special the $11 includes a side with the options of fried rice, gyoza, or fried chicken,  I wasn't impressed on any of the side dishes.  Air Conditioning:  NoneService:  Overall A-OK.  It's definitely under staffed.  It took a good 20-30 minutes to get our ramen, and we were the only customers when we walked in around 1215.  Then the place got busy at around 1240, so it took forever to get our check.  Random Rant:  Their chili oil container is not convenient.  I got chili all over my hand.Overall:  I was gonna give it 3 stars considering it's my first time there, but my two coworkers gave it a 1 star and 2 star...I'm going to stick with Sora and Monta.  Anyone wants my stamp card?
5	we used to eat ramen at ramen sora, compared to sora, they gave u a lot of vegetables, which makes me feel less guilty everytime eating ramen, the soup tastes good, sora's miso soup is too salty, i still like sora's cha shao kinkda melting in your mouth, cha shao here is a bit chewy. also its a bit pricy here, egg and green onion are addons. and u need to pay 1.9 for a cup of tea.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Chashu pork was a little tough & fatty. Floor space isn't utilized efficiently for seating (especially near the door).LIKE  The three types of miso ramen. The soup spoon that can fit more than soup in it. The selection of toppings. Free wifi. The complimentary sorbet.LOVE  The enthusiastic Japanese server who greeted & thanked all customers in addition to waiting on them.
3	Pretty good ramen but I wouldn't say it was the best. They have three different kinds of miso ramen (white, bean, rice) and it was pretty pricey for a regular ramen. They do have free wifi, which was awesome and the waiters were very friendly. I might come back.. Maybe.
3	Went there the other night with a friend. We were originally going to go to Sora, but there was a waiting list of 4 parties and the place was packed, so we decided to try something new instead. I ordered the Kome Spicy Miso, extra spicy with extra green onion and extra noodles on the side. For the price, you sure do get a big portion! Bigger than any other ramen joint in town. As for taste, it smelled better than the actual taste of it. Even though I ordered it extra spicy, it wasn't that spicy. I had to put a ton of chili oil in to bring up to standard. It was pretty good overall though as far as the taste of a rich miso is concerned. Definitely a good backup option. Honestly I'm still tied between Sora and Fukumimi for who has the best ramen in town.
4	Great ramen spot and a contender in the Vegas ramen war. I like to try most of everything when I go places so between me and my girl we had the chashu ramen, the yasai ramen, chicken karaage, and gyoza. The ramen was pretty good and I guess healthier than most (according to their wall displaying all the health benefits of eating their miso broth ramen). The chicken karaage was a little on the bland side but for some reason we couldn't get enough of the gyoza. We even ordered a second order. We usually like it super charred and crunchy which these were not. But they just had a good flavor and went well with their sauce so I had to order more. What really puts them at 4 stars was the service. Our server was extremely polite and attentive and just cheery all around. Even the chef was happy and smiling at us. We will definitely be back.
4	This place is very good. Service was excellent and the Ramen is fantastic. The broth is delicious and the add ons are many. We always go to Monta and it is great but the line tends to be annoying. This place has no line, lots of seating and good quality. Go and try!!!
2	If you're going to charge over $12 for a bowl of chashu ramen and then charge me $1.50 to add an egg, we're looking at $14/bowl- which is more than I ever paid in the Bay area. You best have some gold up in this phenomenal ramen with prices like that.Unfortunately the ramen here is unremarkable. It's not bad but it's overpriced.Got the full bodied mame miso cha-shu, since miso seems to be their specialty. Came with seaweed, bamboo shoots, green onion, corn, and every other condiment I don't care about but not the egg which IMO should be included in every bowl.The broth was okay, but I wouldn't consider it "full-bodied" compared to other places around town. As others have said, the flavor seems a bit lighter, which may be a pro. Egg was done perfectly, thank goodness. Chashu was flavorful, appreciated the bit of char on it, but was tough and chewy instead of melt-in-your-mouth tender.Added on a side of "cheese" gyoza, imagining that it was a gyoza version of Rangoon- it's just gyoza topped with shredded cheese, and it's actually not bad. Six pieces for $4.50, doable. Service was very attentive but then again, we were the only table there for dinner on a Tuesday. With prices like this, they will immediately turn off most people walking through the door- I know that's how I felt. Sad to say I didn't feel there was anything special here. Except the complimentary lychee sorbet dessert, I'd buy that by the pint.
5	Love this place. It is tucked in a small plaza off the strip in Chinatown. The service was great and the lady who took our order was incredibly friendly. It is interesting to see the 3 different soup base ramens that they offered. This was how each flavor was described to us by the waitressKome Miso (Hokkaido style) - their best selling flavorShiro Miso (Kyoto Style) - very similar to your regular miso soupRight side is Mame Miso (Nagoya Style) - "bold" flavorSoup was flavorful and filling. They have a monthly special and this month's was free corn add-on. The other add-ons were additional charge (like egg), but it's not a big deal for me.At the end of our meal, we were offered free lychee ice cream and stamp cards. If i lived closer to Vegas, I would definitely come here again.
3	I wasn't going to write a review about this place till I visited it again. Take this 3-star with a grain of salt, as I ordered the wrong ramen for my palate and wasn't crazy about the place. But with so many ramen places popping up around the valley, it may be some time before I come here again. So before I forget, here it goes... I got the Mame chashu. Ok, this type of miso broth is going to throw off a lot of people. I wouldn't say this is a pure "ramen" place, I'd say it's  50% ramen, 50% miso and this claim is backed up with various posters they have proclaiming the health benefits of miso soup. The Mame is not like the miso at the Monta chains, it's more like Korean miso, as in Dang-Jang-Guk. And I'm not talking about the poser Dang Jang Guk, that uses pre-packaged Japanese miso. I'm talking about the real soybeans, painstakingly fermented then hand-ground by some old Korean aijimae. It's a completely different beast; it's hearty, slightly bitter, and very strong. Personally, I don't care for this type of miso. But if that's your thing, the Mame was the best miso-of-that-kind that I ever had. You get a huge bowl with big slices of chashu for $12. It's pricey but you get what you pay for. The place itself is very Japanese, minimally decorated but clean. They have great free wifi. The place does serve the typical Japanese miso ramen, called Kome, which I imagine is closer to what is served at Montas. So, if traditional ramen is your thing, I highly recommend ordering that. They were all out when I went. They've also got Ramune soda for $2.50. The three-stars is based on personal taste. It's not a bad ramen place at all, just not for me. If I go again, I'll update accordingly. This place has potential!
5	Love this new place in Vegas! We've been to Misoya at other locations and this one has the same great food we love. Their specialty is Miso, if you are a fan of Tonkotsu this place might not be a favorite. SoupIs very delicate and toppings are the Nagoya style staples. We love that Misoya is in Vegas now!
5	Best miso ramen I've had ever!  Went here on a weeknight with a large meetup group.  Staff was very accomodating and  even allowed our party to bring in our own beer.  There was free wifi and even with the size of our party of 8 people we were able to get separate checks.  Also, more customers arrived after us but despite being busy staff was happy to serve. Enjoyed dining experience here and will return.
4	Lots of places to sit and it has a cafeteria feel to it.  They have lunch specials, which includes your soup and if you want a side of gyoza or karage.  This is a MISO ramen place, so all they serve is 3 types of Miso.  I got the Shiro Miso soup, which was good because it didn't taste like they added half a gallon of salt like all these other ramen places.  Very flavorful, and the ground pork gave it a nice touch to taste.  The lunch special for $11.50 was a good deal, and it also comes with complimentary lychee sorbet.
3	I dropped by this place as a recommendation, and I wasn't exactly impressed. I didn't think it was stellar, but it was still above average. I'd give it a 3.5 for food and 5 for service. My party and I started out with the gyoza appetizer. I don't remember the exact taste of it, but I didn't think it was bad. The gyoza was average. Afterwards, I ordered the Shiro Miso Ramen, and the three delicious things that stuck out to me were the broth, the noodles and the pork. Most broth at ramen places are extremely salty, but this place wasn't. I, for the first time ever, was able to drink the broth without drinking a gallon of water afterwards. The noodles were definitely the best part. Super soft and mhmm. After eating what I could of my bowl (huuuuuuge portions), I picked out the strands of noodles. And the pork. Like I mentioned earlier, huuuuuge portions, and huuuuge portions of pork. At the end of our meal, they serve complimentary lychee sorbet. With the heat of ramen, it definitely hit the spot! Sweet, but not too sweet. And now the bad. :( I thought this place was a bit overpriced for what we were getting. Huge portions are great, but quality over quantity. I remember my bowl being roughly $12, but  after adding the egg and seaweed, my bowl came out to roughly $15? With the price, I would have thought that the egg would have been included, but it wasn't. I would have enjoyed a smaller bowl with a variety of ingredients. They also add bean sprouts, and I found that a bit weird. I don't think ramen and bean sprouts go together. But all in all, there is room for improvement. :)
4	Ordered the Kome Miso, the Cha-su is grilled and it's larger than most other ramen places I have been.  It came with a lot of toppings which is great.  The ramen and drinks are slighty more, but overall this place is pretty good. I would try the other broth next time.
3	Where is everyone?  OK, was stuck behind a bus of Chinese tourists in the same strip mall .  I knew they were going to a restaurant so I was checking all the restaurant available hoping they would not go to Kinh Do.  I was trying to get into Kinh Do for some Pho and it was totally packed.  Moseying on down, I saw the sign for this Ramen place and we love Ramen, so we decided to give it a try.  This place was empty!  And, they had great service and it was a great experience.  Here they serve you three type of broth, Hokkaido, Nagoya and Kyoto broth.The Kyoto is what most people normally have, so if in doubt, have this one.They basically have 3-5 of the same type of Ramen for each sauce. Cha Siu Ramen - Very awesome dish with huge thick chunks of Cha Siu.  I normally go for the very thin sliced ones, but these junking bits of meat were darn tasty.Kimuchi Ramen - Ramen with ground pork. They offer this for the Hokkaido and the Kyoto Style Miso Broth , but not the Nagoya one.    I tried to order it but they were out.  How odd, but oh well.  I think for a rather empty place, that you would have ground pork...... Basic Ramen - Did not try this oneSpicy Ramen - Did not try this one.Vegetable Ramen - I think that if you are a vegetarian, don't come here. I believe all sauces are cooked in the pork bone double boil method.  So they have vegetable ramen, but it is not vegetarian...We ordered extra Cha Siu, again pretty good.Extra Egg Topping - Awesome!Kara Age - Ok.The Bowls - Loved the bowls they used, which were very deep and narrow on the bottom and wider on top.  Kept the soup hot.The experience - They post a lot of information about Miso, it's healthy benefits and also historical information on Miso.  Very cool and a great learning.Service- Very high level service. I was not totally impressed overall with this Ramen that I have to come back.  I will because I enjoy Ramen and this place was very decent with the highest level of service available. GK says, worth it to check out.
5	Ramen is way better than any other ramen places that i have been to. Not salty at all!!! Their chashu was good both on the ramen and the chashu bowl. Service was excellent very friendly and welcoming! Hope this place gets busy... We also got free yuzu sorbet which was superb!!! Highly recommended!
5	Food is really good (better than Monta).  We loved everything we ordered. A little bit pricy but its worth every penny coz the food is awesome. We had a complimentary yuzu sorbet after our dinner. Everybody should try this place out. I'll definitely be back to try more of their food.
5	I've found my new favorite ramen location in Las Vegas. After being disappointed the last time I had ramen in the bay area I was looking forward to enjoying a good bowl of ramen. Parking was no issue here since it's located in a strip center.The place only a few months new is clean and quaint. My waitress was kind, courteous and attentive. After paying $17.00 for a bowl of ramen in Northern Cal and very disappointed I was delighted to see ramen Misoya Tomi didn't cost an arm or leg for solid ramen. I opted for the Mame chashu ramen which contained corn, bamboo shoots,  generous thick slices if pork, tempura shrimp and fabulous yummy broth. Yes - I discovered  ramen heaven! Ramen Misoya offers a reward card, free wifi and accepts credit cards which are all positives in my eyes.The only con I had was they didn't offer a selection of dessert items yet, although they give patrons complimentary shorbet.
5	We just tried this place for the first time and talked about our wonderful experience all of  the way home. They have vegetarian options, and even though they weren't listed, the waitress told us what us veggie people can enjoy. Later, after we ate, she even told us that the veggie option was a dollar cheaper. Nice :) So, the food was great, but I cannot say enough about our waitress. She was so friendly and helpful! She really made the dining experience for us feel great. If you love ramen or will be trying it for the first time, I recommend this place. We will definitely be back!
3	I don't want to give them two stars because everyone was so nice...So I bumped it up one more for the service.I wasn't a fan of the food at all. The taste was way off from what I'm used to. But my boyfriend seemed to really like it. So maybe it's just me?& it was so sweet of them to give us little ice cream when we were finished ~
4	Service here is amazing. They are extremely polite. Ramen on the other hand, was just okay to me. Maybe it's just me but my taste buds didn't totally agree. Got their miso ramen and it didn't taste like miso ramen that I'm used to. The broth had a thick consistency to it and the pork was kind of chewy. A little over priced too I must say. Almost 13 dollars a bowl. Still, 4 stars because service was so great I can't give them any less.
4	I've been to all the ramen places Vegas has to offer and Misoya Tomi has made me a fan.Granted it's a bit on the pricey side (roughly $13 a bowl), but it's a huge bowl which I actually cannot finish (which is a first). It's rich with flavors and depending on the style you chose it has different toppings. Additional toppings will be with a cost. I actually wind up sharing a bowl with a friend and it works out perfectly.The menu is pretty limited and strictly focused.You have your choices of ramen: Kome Miso - Hokkaido Style, Shiro Miso - Kyoto Style, and Mame Miso - Nagoya Style.A couple of side dish choices like fried rice and dumplings.The staffing is very polite and they give you a delicious yuzu sorbet after your meal.
5	This place has very good ramen, as good if not better than Monta.  What sets it apart is the service, I truly felt like I was in a Japanese Grandmothers house.  In addition you won't have to wait 30 min to get seated as you do at Monta.
5	Omg amazing!!  Such great food and service!! It's one of the only place on spring mountain road that has easy parking and give you a really great interesting facts about miso! Greaat place to go!
5	The best Japanese ramen in Vegas! The soup is very thick, not like other places! The noodle is well done! And the bowl is really biggg :)Their service is the best! The Japanese lady is so nice! Btw if you come there dont play with the little wood thing on the table! We did and ended up having spicy power on our coke lol
4	Friendly staff. Great food. Clean restaurant. My family and I really enjoyed our food.
5	Ive been there so many times, it is good place to eat ramen. I think that ramen misoya is the best in town. Especially cold noodle!!!!
5	Super friendly staff and great bowl of Mame Ramen.  Plus reminded of the health benefits of miso....:-)
5	I have been to several ramen places in vegas. Monta, Sora, Tastu. The ramen here is quite tasty and ranks among the best in terms of taste and quality. The chasu is delicious and noodles are excellent. The couple times I've been here I've had the same Japanese waitress who is extremely polite. I find it very entertaining when she tries to communicate but can't find the words to say. I could say that some people might have a hard time and become frustrated when they have questions, but this is a non issue for me. There is also a big screen TV to watch sports or whatever you want while you wait for or while eating your food. Overall, this is a great spot if you want some good ramen. Also, I learned that Miso apparently gets rid of freckles.
5	For an authentic taste of ramen and true Japanese cooks and service this is the place to go. Quality of food is spot on and environment is very very friendly. Ramen has 3 styles and easily can satisfy any customer. One of my to go spots in Las Vegas and will definitely come back.
4	It's our first time here and great food! Not too salty. I think the star of the meal is the Chashu (roasted pork). It's very tender and doesn't have too much fat which is great.
5	Great service!! First time in trying this place out, visiting from Hawaii. The server was very patience, nice, and thorough. And the food was great quality! Recommended!
4	Simple clean decor, complex tasting ramen, great service and specials. Also free wifi.
4	I have been to many Ramen places. This is my second time here and I really like this place. They offer more traditional Ramen selections. The service is always excellent too.
5	Service was great.  Our waitress took the time to explain the menu.  They have a lunch special which consists of ramen, appetizer and sorbet for a good price (lunch special bowl is the same size as a regular bowl, bonus!).  They give out a punch card and after 5 And 10 visits you receive free food.  This place is highly recommended!
4	Pretty good ramen must check it out if you guys are looking for Japanese. They also have fried oysters and happy hour between 4pm-8pm. Also have a huge flat screen tv for sports
5	really delicious and healthy ramen restaurant with a good price~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
4	It's probably the best Raman I can see in Las Vegas. It's originally Japanese taste, I love it! The location is little bit hard to find.
5	Love the shiro miso ramen,soup base very flavorful, for sure it's a healthy choice ramen comes with tofu and vegetable. After eating you get a free little sorbet dessert.
5	A
5	Good food good price, very yelp friendly aswell! First time eating here and service is great!
4	Had the medium miso vegetable ramen, pretty tasty.  The gyoza was really good, the spicy karage was a bit salty for my taste, but all in all had a good experience here and will be back!
4	Spicy ramen had a great flavor. The portion was huge too. Had a slice of chashu which was really tasty and a thick slice. The spicy karage was very salty for my taste though. Got some free sodas for checking in and writing a review here which was nice.
4	Great place to eat, large portions of noodle soup, with very sizable pork portions, I'll be back!
5	Ramen Misoya Tomi is simply the best place for ramen in Vegas. Everyone is extremely friendly and the ramen is top notch. I even have this food delivered to me in summerlin by postmates.
5	Friendly staff, great food, excellent business hours ( Open till midnight most days, close on Wednesdays, Friday & Saturday open till 3am) specially if you work late. Perfect meeting place and to enjoy with friends. Free WIFI, large tv screen and the best part NO MSG !! Yayyyy !!!
5	This is my second time here & ordered the Hokkaido style ramen. Ramen was great the first time around and decided to come back. Great food and staff. Now that the weather's getting colder, definitely have plans to return for more.
5	The best ramen place in Vegas. Nice and friendly staff. Good and tasty ramen! I will definitely come back again!
3	First time here on Sunday evening, restaurant was empty. We were greeted by a pleasant lady. Showed us the menu. Wanted to order Gyoza but sold out. Complimentary soda given when you check in and write a review. Ordered Mame Miso Nagoya Style $12 and some change. Expensive for ramen noodles. The portion size is fairly large, probably enough to feed 1 1/2 people. Ramen broth was very different from what I'm used to. It's good but no wow factor. Ramen noodle itself was to my liking. Also ordered fried chicken as an appetizer, came after the main course. Overall, 5/5 stars for service. 2 1/2 stars for ramen. 1 1/2 stars for price.  Note, complementary ice cream.
5	Seriously the best ramen I've had here in Vegas. Ordered the Nagoya style cha-shu ramen- added egg and assorted veggies. The pork was so flavorful and tender. The broth had such an intense and wonderful flavor. The waitress was super sweet and always had a smile on her face- and attentive.
3	They have pretty good lunch specials from 11:00am-4:00pm. The lunch special includes a 3 course meal which includes a bowl of ramen, an appetizer, & a dessert. Which is a pretty good deal considering how expensive a regular bowl of just ramen costs when it's not lunch...They have stamp cards & free wifi as well. They play music as if I'm on a romantic date. Lol. They have 3 different styles of ramen which is interesting. The waitress was really nice & recommended what to order, but she could have been a little more attentive with checking up on us instead of checking her phone. Especially since me & my friend were the only ones in there anyways.I had the Kome Ramen, which the waitress recommended since everyone usually gets that, & I thought it was ok. It could just be my tastes, but I think I was looking for a ramen that was more sweeter than sour? Probably not a taste that I'm used to since ramen is supposed taste a little salty too. As my appetizer, I got a mini curry plate. It also tasted ok. A little bland for curry though. My friend got the kaarage. I was surprised to get 6 or 7 pieces, but they also tasted kinda bland. I needed the extra salt & Japanese mayonnaise. I'm also used to crunchy kaarage. Not soft. On the other hand, the Yuzu Sorbet was amazing, but small portioned. Possibly the best tasting & most flavorful part of my meal that matches the free diet coke I'm getting for this review.Nothing much stood out to me about this place except the lunch specials.
4	Kaori is awesome :)and the food looks amazing. The decor is simplistic and cute. You can invite friends and be accommodated extremely fast
4	My new favorite ramen place in Vegas. My second visit tonight and food does not disappoint! I always surrender 2/3 of the way due to big portion. Love the grilled cha-su which gives additional flavor to the broth. My server Kaori, was superb and friendly. She was extremely patient with me. I could not make up my mind what to order! 4 star for food and 5 star for Kaori!
5	Kaori was our server and she was very polite and prompt with our order. Ambiance  was very nice and the food was delicious. I only ordered appetizers (seaweed salad and Gyoza) but it was very delicious and fresh!
5	Service is very helpful and attentive. Ramen is delicious! Try the spicy ramen Hokkaido style!
5	We always go to Ramen Tatsu or Ramen Sora and we wanted to try something new.The server was super nice! Very sweet. She educated us on the different types of ramen. The bowls are big. It's a little pricier but it's worth it. Oh! And free extra noodles from 4-8pm! Would definitely recommend this place.
5	It's my second time to come here. It is the shop that makes you want to come back. People here is so nice. And the food here taste good!!!!!!
5	come here again~ The best ramen restaurant inLas Vegas. Like it so much. And they have some new ramen here mix with tonkotsu seems so delicious.
5	The ramen is really good finally found a really good late night food in vegas! Good place to eat hands down
5	It was so good the first time that we had to come back to enjoy another bowl of that amazing soup
5	We came 30 minutes to closing, l the host was still hospitable and super nice! She explained parts of the menu we had questions about and suggested items to order (because they were sold out of the kimchi fried rice, most likely due to our late visit) A most definite suggestion for ramen and will return.
5	I will have to come back when I have a real keyboard and update this review with more details, but our visit was great! Delicious, generous toppings (like 3 thick slices of cha-shu), free sorbet finish, and super friendly staff. Our baseline is set by the ramen shops in L.A., and they would definitely hold their own in Little Osaka and Little Tokyo.
5	This place does taste more authentic than other ramen places in Vegas and they offer Japanese appetizers which I like and recommend the gyoza and the Shiro Miso! They need more customers because I sort of feel like this is a hidden gem. Great customer service and they're very informative on their specials and deals unlike most restaurant places I know. They also have stamp cards for free gyoza for every 5 stamps you get which is always cool!
5	Open late is a plus ! Great atmosphere and decor music level comfortable great staff not  crowded  !
5	The cha su ramen is very delicious. I also recommend the karage ramen! Customer service is very friendly! Highly recommend this place especially during cold winter nights!
5	First, yes the atmosphere is a tad cheesy. Second, the food.THE FOOD. I've seen some reviews on here saying the broth is bland. I nor my girlfriend ever the impression of bland broth. Full of flavor, the noodles are amazing, and the chashu is perfect. The miso based broths are refreshing and light enough to compliment the heavy feeling noodles can give. I will be coming back. A lot.If you're looking for an amazing ramen spot, this one has moved from unknown to number 1. Do yourself a favor a stop in.
4	I thought I wasn't a fan of miso ramen until I came here. A tonkotsu broth lover myself, miso ramen was always too light and watery for me. I liked the savory intensity of tonkotsu ramen and couldn't look back. Then, Ramen Misoya Tomi came along and showed me it could be different.Inside is minimal and bare. Although, you will learn lots about miso ramen from the text all over the walls. Did you know how much lower in calories miso ramen is over tonkotsu? You will. Did you know of the health benefits of miso? You will.You'll have a choice of three different miso flavors/styles. Kome (from Hokkaido), shiro (from Kyoto), and mame (from Nagoya). I've had mame miso both times I've been here and have learned a few things.1. These bowls are loaded with toppings. There is ground pork in them plus one tempura shrimp, so adding chashu is not necessary. This explains the price being high relative to other places.2. On that note, the chashu tastes like cardboard.3. The broth of the mame miso is quite savory and flavorful. This is surprising to me only because I'm used to miso ramen being so light - in both color and flavor. Not so, apparently.4. You should add an egg.When you're all done, you'll be served a small scoop of lychee sorbet! How nice. A great way to contrast against the savory broth lingering on your taste buds.
4	The foodserver is very nice, however, it took to long for the ramen. I might come back again.
4	Food is good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And the staff is very nice:)
3	I'm just on a streak of bad luck with service...Been here for 16 min...still no water. The server came to take our order before bring drinks...so we obliged since she seemed busy. It's been an additional 4-5 min and still no drinks.JUST GOT WATER...official time 23 min!!! No joke! The downside...they are not full and I'm thirsty! Lol I LOVE RAMEN...I came here looking for a hidden gem...instead I found charcoal! The food came after a daunting 40 min...But damn was it good! We both got the #1 with egg and chili oil! Delicious! Still doesn't repair the damage done from its terrible service! I literally had to bring the woman my debit card! She forgot we even existed! Smh
5	Great ramen place! Especially like the flavor of the cha shu in the ramen! Service was great. Courteous staff and amazing flavor in the ramen! This place is a great find.
5	The wife and I have been to Misoya a few times. Food is always consistent. Their technique in cooking the pork brings out tons of flavor. You can't go wrong on which type of ramen you choose. Along with the ramen, I recommend trying out their fried oysters. I have not found any other restaurant from the east coast to the west coast who can cook fried oysters perfectly. It's not under or over cooked. It's just right. Their cheese covered dumpings are also something you have to try. The service has always been very good and punctual everytime my wife and i have been there. The server's name is Kaori. She is very polite, knowledgeable of the menu, and gives traditional Japanese hospitality and service. If you are looking for that "Go to" Ramen place in all of Las Vegas, this is it. Reasonably priced, open late, great service, and awesome ramen.
3	I got the spicy Ramen. Very tasteful. I love the spicyness. Love the fact that they put lettuce, corn, etc in it. Boyfriend for some thing not sure what its called.
5	Absolutely delicious! Warms your insides and your soul. Which is good because they keep it meat locker cold in here! Bring a sweater and your appetite.
4	Not very crowded like Monta, 5/5.  There is no fancy decoration 3/5 so I was not expected anything much. The waitress is very nice and helpful, 5+/5, I want to give her more than 5. Lol. Menu has many choices, I like it 5/5. The atmosphere is great, roomy and not feeling too pressure to eat fast and no need to hurry, 5/5. Ramen is tasty! I like the traditional one, meduim broth or the popular one 5/5! The heavy broth is ok because there is some after taste; but it is bad to try 4/5. The ramen has a lot of toppings 5/5. There is a complimentary small lemon ice cream serving in the end and it is surprised! I would recommend to try, it is better to wait for a long line sometime especially when you are craving a bowl of ramen.
5	Good ramen if you are into miso based soups, the Char siu was sear which was pretty awesome. The service was good.
5	According to my japanese friends, this ramen is how ramen tasted in JAPAN. Ive never been to japan but I have been to all ramen restaurants here in vegas, l.a and san francisco, and this is by far the best! The servers and cooks are japanese, fast and friendly! they close at 3am so I can come in after my late night work.. A must try restaurant!
4	The ramen here is very good.  Misoya offers Kome, Shiro, and Mame style miso ramen.  I recommend the Kome ramen.  The soup is rich and tasty, and the noodles match well with the soup.  You can order a hard/soft noodles option as well as light flavour      Unfortunately, in contrast with the food, the service is mediocre.  The waiting staff is slow on cleaning up tables that are empty; in other words, there is always at least one empty table that has not been cleaned up after the last customer.  It almost seems like the staff is procrastinating.  Also, another upsetting factor about Misoya was their lack of consistency.  I am a frequent visitor, coming about once a week.  Each time I order my usual, it is somewhat different; sometimes for the better, sometimes for the worse.  Numerous times, the restaurant has also failed to keep their stock in food up.  They had been out of these items in the course of two visits: gyoza, rice, fried rice, spicy karaage, and karaage.       Although the service at Misoya could use some serious improvement, the food is very good.
5	This Place is clean and the food is hella bomb. The chashu is the best. I'm definitely coming back next time.
3	Three stars because I haven't been there yet, however this place was on dirty dining tonight and received an F now it is open with an A but still 6 demerrits. Just letting everyone know before you go in maybe you want to look a little harder at the kitchen area.
5	Great Japanese ramen restaurant.  Came here for the "weekly LALALA ramen pass".  Ordered the shiromiso tonkotsu. Pro-was seated instantly for 2.  Service was speedy.  Soup was flavorful.  Got an extra helping of ramen for free (4pm-8pm special).  Every part of the ramen bowl was perfect; quality meat, great balance with the seaweed-corn-onion. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a Japanese  ambience while enjoying their dinner. 5 stars.Con-none
4	Not bad at all.... And im usually picky when it comes to my Ramen. I would definetly come back to this place
3	Good portions. The noodles were fantastic! I'm biased since I'm not a fan of thin ramen noodles. The broth hit the spot(I got the Shiro Chasui ramen). The only two things I noticed was that the pricing was a little bit more than other local Ramen shops(only by a few bucks) and the charsui looked like no one else's pictures. It's almost funny because it really looked like the pieces that fell apart in the back and was scooped in just because of the order. Kinda sucks considering you pay $2 more for it and that's what comes out. All in all a good experience, but truthfully wishing there was a 3 1/2 star option. Darn you Yelp for not allowing us to have a grey area rating.
5	followed yelp recommendations and came to try it out. the portion was big, service was great. if u are in chinatown area its definitely worth to come. it is alot cheaper than what u'll pay on the strip.
4	This was an interesting place for some hangover food...and it was delicious. There was no wait on a Saturday and there was a really sweet waitress who helped us to our table. I ordered the Tan-Tan Ramen, which was a spict miso-based ramen and incudes egg and ground beef. First of all, it was a great tasting bowl, and the bowls are huge. It was a never ending deep bowl of soup. If you're looking for a place that will satisfy your ramen craving and getting the biggest bang for your buck, come here to Ramen Misoya Tomi.The place specializes in Miso Ramen, and have three different types of Ramen you can choose from, Hokkaido style being the most popular one. There is chashu pork, corn, and additional toppings if you want to pay a little extra.What really drives this place is the service. Our waitress was super nice and made sure that we were well taken care of. She was overly apologetic when she gave us the wrong credit card at the end of the night. Some of the nicest people are at this restaurant.We definitely want to come back the next time we are in Vegas. It hits the spot after a night of partying!
5	Ramen Sora, JINYA Ramen Bar, and Fukumimi are my usual places to get ramen.  However, that changed after visiting this place.  A few of us wanted to go to Ramen Sora, but the wait was too long.  So we came here and didn't have have to wait to be seated.  It was odd that that the place was empty, yet Yelp indicated many positive reviews of this place.  We ordered some appetizers which included fried oysters, Japan-style karage, karage, and gyoza.  The oytsers were fresh and tasty.  The Japan-style karage is amazing with the ground onion, soy sauce, cabbage, and a touch of vinegar.  The karage was OK but it came with a curry salt which made it better.  The ramen is what made this place special.  I ordered the Hakkaido style Miso cha-shu ramen.  I had it with extra noodle, butter, and extra seaweed.  It already came with ground pork, scallions, 3 slices of cha-su, and corn.  The miso broth was excellent.  It had plenty of depth and it was rich in miso.  The butter put it over the top.  The cha-shu was grilled nicely and it was tasty.  Overall it's a great place if you like Miso based ramen.  This place has been added as part of my ramen rotation.
5	Our second late night visit with the same nice lady. Tried a different broth style [the N one] and was not dissappointed. Filling, hot, and tasty. Perfect late night hunger beast mode.
1	I went here to find a quick bite with a friend and been waiting to get seated for over 15 mins now. Funny thing is we signed in, even looked around to see if there was open tables and there was 3 open but unfortunately when two other people came in one of the servers automatically asked them how many and didnt even bothered to look at us when we were there for 20 mins now ready to be seated. This place has the worst service.. Didnt even bothered to stay there.
5	Ramen is amazing! Have been to many ramen places around the world, but this one is one of the best!!! Strongly recommend. Service is excellent! Many requests were addressed immediately. Chef was so kind to accept cooking special item for my picky-eater daughter.Thank you. Will definitely be back!
1	We were seated after 30 minutes even though there were only a few customers. 2 servers seemed busy but actually they had nothing to do. When we were ready to order, it took us 10 mins to get the serve's attention.  Im a server so im more understanding than anyone. However, it wasnt busy at all.
4	Come here for the Ramen,  not the ambience.  It is hole in wall place with good flavors.The noodles are thick which holds the flavor of the soup as it goes into your mouth.  Sounds crazy,  but I have eaten enough ramen to know thin Noodles can do to good soup base.  Try it you will like it.
5	I like two types of Ramen we ordered. Very traditional and very Japanese style. The service is like home style, very warm hearted! Strongly recommended!
1	2pm on a Saturday and sign on door says closed because they ran out of noodles. Right like kfc runs out chicken. #fraud #wasteoftimeandgas
4	I am starting to loose faith in my fellow yelpers..despite the claims of dirty dinning at this place I ate here with my brother and boyfriend and did not experience any food borne illness or notice any sanitation issues. What ever problems there were, they have since been fixed. I ordered the lunch special with miso tonkatsu and gyoza and we even got a little scoop of dessert sorbet at the end. The female waitress was overtly excited to serve us and thanked us a thousand times for coming in. I would eat here again.
5	This place is the best ramen in Las Vegas. Definitely up there compared to shin sen gumi in la and Tsujita as well. The lady that runs the restaurant is sweet and nice.Definitely coming back here when I'm back in Vegas.
3	super friendly server who engaged in conversation with the different parties.  but overworked.  1 server, 5 parties.  when we got there at 1030p, we were the only party, but people staretd trickling in. i tried the kome miso ramen.  the soup was a tad thin but tasted decent.  i def did not like the ground meat in the soup; made the ramen taste cheap.  also they are known for miso and not tonkotsu.  unsure why ppl compared it to tonkotsu places in la like tsujita la (not annex), etc.
5	Miso hungry. Miso yummy!Food was great and filling and very friendly.Will definitely be coming back here mm mmm
5	I absolutely loved the service here. They were so friendly and welcoming!! And the food is perfect! Even though it wasn't December anymore, they still gave us the December special which was for free extra noodles!! My cousins and sisters got the tonkatsu which was absolutely great!! I loved it :) I ordered the Shiro Miso Spicy Ramen and it was delish too!!!!!There was sorbet after ramen too! Free ; )AND THEY OPENED THE DOOR FOR US! AHHHH. LOVE.I recommend : )
5	The staff was very pleasant and we got free sodas, too! The mame miso broth is supposed to be salty but it's a tiny bit overwhelming. It's also very thick. But overall, it's pretty good. The tonkastu is the one you want to order, though. The extra spicy add-on isn't that spicy (I eat very very spicy foods). I had to add chili powder and chili oil on top of it. I would give it a four for food but a five because the waiter and waitress were very nice and accommodating. They even reserved a table us because we called in to ask about the wait. I would recommend this place to ramen enthusiasts. Downside is there are only four big tables that can split into halves.
5	Great ramen, great service, great atmosphere! I love Ramen Sora but I think this is my new fave :) The Hokkaido ramen is so good!
5	Food: ordered the Hokkaido style Chashu! It was delicious! The meat was tender and marinated well! The corn was included in the ramen, and it wasn't as much as I hoped for. The bowls are huge and you don't realize how much ramen you have until you see there's more in the bottom of the bowl. Service: I would have to say this is probably the best service I have received at any ramen place. They are all really friendly and timely. Environment: bigger than most ramen places and a lot more spacious! Etc: They also take reservations which is pretty cool :) Oh and a free small scoop for dessert!
5	Been on vacation for awhile & was craving ramen due to the cold weather LV has been having. A friend recommended Ramen Misoya Tomi off of Spring Mt Rd and it was a little hard to find but well worth it! Great service from staff & delicious miso ramen, even had a cute kids meal for our son! Super ono!!!
4	This was our last use of the LALALA ramen pass and it was totally awesome to be able to conclude our two week Los Angeles ramen extravaganza with an awesome ramen dish in Las Vegas. Smokey and sultry with a slight hint of wood fired bbq char was the flavor of the pork that was included in our soup bowl. It was very bold and distinct and the subtleties of the smokiness withstood the nuanced flavors of the ramen broth. The waitress hovered over us, she wanted to make sure we had a good time and enjoyed our food. She almost followed us out the door when she said goodbye. They try to do things a little different here at Ramen Misoya Tomi. The traditional, meticulous care is still put into the recipes and ingredients but added are the non-traditional, traditional recipes that we aren't familiar with. Did you follow that? The decor could use a little improvement, I'm not a fan of the huge posters hanging about that tout the benefits of miso. Ambiance could be a little less perfunctory and a bit more fun, but what's great about this spot is that it's not too crowded so I'd recommend it for groups. It's hard to find a ramen spot to take big groups to because they are normally tiny places and packed to the brim. A group would fare fine here.
