3	Of course it had first day issues but the food was really good and they have a lot of beers on tab and in bottles.  I would compare it to a Zipps or a Half Moon.
5	You want a new neighborhood bar, Flanny's is the place for you. The verity of beers on tap, in bottles, and cans is just great! They have just about any kind for whatever mood you're in. The Staff as well as owner (John J. Flanagan) are friendly and ask questions to guest on how they can adapt to accommodate their surrounding neighborhood. As for food, I am a huge wing fan, I've had crap wings and I've had good wings. I've had the wings at Flanny's about 6 our of the 7 times I've been there. How do you think i rate them? I've also had the chicken strips which were not the greatest, still weren't bad. They also do sandwiches and burgers which I'll have to try when I choose to pass up the wings. Now the good stuff, the beer! This place has quite the selection from sleepy dog on draft and $2 16oz pabst blue ribbon cans. I also never had moose drool in a can, and they had it, so i had to try it.  I give it 2 thumbs way up if you're looking for a nice local place to hang out, eat, drink, watch the game, or play Golden Tee and silver strike.
3	I would love to see this bar succeed.  I think a couple of things I feel they could do better.  A couple of criticisms -  Food:  Flatten out the chicken for the chicken sandwich.  Makes it a lot easier to eat and stays on the roll better.  Service/Waitstaff:  Although I think the service is over all good.  They aren't that exciting.  Often times I go in there and other than my order, I literally say 3 words to the bartender.  It's the bartenders job to keep people coming back.  They need to strike up conversations to make the visitor feel that they are important and create a fun atmosphere.  Also you will never get the night crowd if most of your waitstaff at night are men.  It's sexist to say it I know, but this is reality.  Zipps is crowded for a reason.  It's not that they have the best food in the world but they have a nice looking waitstaff.  Atmosphere:  That Jukebox needs, I stress NEEDS to be on at all times. Music is the key to conversations, mood, and attitude.  Without it, it will suck the life out of your bar.  One of my visits there were with 3 people at the bar and no music playing.  No one was talking. No one looked happy.  I threw in a couple of dollars in the jukebox and saw a transformation that you wouldn't believe unless you were there.  All of a sudden you have people talking, laughing and when other people came in you could instantly see them digging the vibe.   Flanny's is pretty big concrete and airy.  Meaning there isn't much to deaden the sound.  So if there isn't any music playing it's awkwardly silent and all you hear is a sports game on the speakers.  I guess you could say, well put some money in the jukebox then.  Most people are not confident enough to be that first person to enter in their song selection.  So in reality by not having the jukebox playing you are actually losing commissions on your jukebox sales.  Assuming they are getting commissions.  Either way people will leave when they are bored.I will keep going back to Flanny's for sure. But it would be nice to see them continue to listen to their visitors.
5	We have eaten at this neighborhood Bar about 5 times since it opened.  We really like it!  The food is fresh & the bread/hamburger buns are about as good as it gets.  We've tried everything from chicken & hamburgers to salads, fries, soup...all good.  We found the staff to be very friendly & the prices very reasonable.  I definitely would like to see them succeed!
4	Looking for some wings, a burger, a few sliders...Flanny's hits the spot. We dropped in a Friday, headed to the theater and got a beer and a burger. Food was great, service was prompt and the beer selection was great. It has what I want in a neighborhood bar, good food, good beer and prompt service. I'll be back!
1	Flanny's why are you so awful to me?! In the past you've been nothing but generous and kind but lately you've ignored me, forgotten my drink order and the food arrived cold and a bit disappointing but tonight took the cake, serve me sour beer and tell me like it or lump it?Really Flanny's?  We used to be friends but tonight we broke up....I brought in a group of friends, 6 in all, for a nice night cap, maybe a few shots of Baileys for the girls and a few beers for the boys. We started with your "special". We ordered 3 beers and a gin and tonic. The beers came out warm and the taste was rancid. Yeah, rancid, not hoppy, not, I'm not familiar with ales but rancid Flanny.I tried to tell ya. I said, hey the beer is really bitter and you, you decided to educate me and let me know that the 3 grown men I brought in were just not used to hoppy beer, they had never experienced an IPA. Wow, Flanny's we don't know our beer, well we know when something tastes like CR&P...and you were serving CR&P and we didn't much appreciate it. So, we're done Flanny. You can take your medicore food,  your snotty bar staff, your midget bathroom stalls, your sterile bar enviroment and that lousy music you play at 3 decibals and I'm going anywhere but Flanny's....
4	For a sports bar, I think this place is great.They have interesting, seasonal beers, and a solid sports bar food menu.The food suprised me, and I thought it was very tasty and really well done (as far as sports bar food goes).Am excited to go back and try out other beers/food items.  And I rarely feel that way about a sports bar.
5	So I'm in Tempe for a quick business trip, and I found myself looking for an honest burger and a beer for a quick bite before heading to the airport, as I'll do anything to avoid airport food.  I stopped in at Flanny's Bar & Grill not expecting all that much. Well, I have to tell you that my attitude has changed as Flanny's rocked my world.  That burger was fantastic!  Nothing else to say, just fantastic.  The service staff made me feel like i was at home.  Maybe they took pity on me because I had to jump on a flight, but I really appreciated the warm, friendly atmosphere.  Another thing I liked (and quite frankly, was surprised to find) was how clean the place was.  There's nothing worse, and common, than knowing the place you're eating in is a dirty joint.The owner, John (real nice guy), spent a lot of time answering all my questions about his extensive beer selection.  It's an amazing selection!  I forget what the names of the two beers I drank were (his recommendation), but I really enjoyed them.  All in all, I wish all my eating/bar/social experiences were this good!I'll be sure to stop by again on my next trip!
1	Flanny's leaves a bitter taste on my tongue.I have never heard of this place, but after being there, I prefer to experience a momentary lapse of amnesia and forget that this place EVER existed. I am not complaining about the food...my focal point was a couple of drinks, and then partaking in a huge buffet of sorts...but I have a personal vendetta against the service that is offered in Flanny's.So, picture this: a large table filled with people, sporting their Packers jerseys, some indifferent towards the teams playing in the Superbowl, and one very determined Steeler fan. It is all chaos and nonsense, with people yelling and hooting, drinking, glossy eyed with the mouth watering prospect of their team winning the game. Then, I enter. So, immediately, I decide to order a Long Island and I don't gulp it down, but I nurse on it. And after I finished, I ordered a second one and proceeded to finish that one, as well. The thing is, I didn't completely finish those drinks. But that isn't a matter of importance. Then, a good friend of mine arrives, and since our table is full, we find a small table that is directly adjacent to the table I was previously at, and we order a round of shots. I wasn't buzzed at all. Honestly, I have a high tolerance, and the terminology that was best suited for me was erring on buzzed, but more tired than experiencing any direct effects from the alcohol consumption. Then, I proceed to order the next round of drinks, and the waitress tells me that under the order of her boss, I'm cut. What? I was walking fine, enunciated my words with a crispness that I can't acquire in my sobriety, and I was being cut? Then this witch of a waitress tells me that her boss will come to talk to me, and then explains that, with my stature, the amount of drinks I consumed (1 and a half Long Islands, and a shot of Sex on the Beach) would be impossible for me to handle. I immediately had a dreadful vision of being led away in handcuffs, but after that twinge of fear, I realized that I didn't do anything wrong, and I was pissed. She put a damper on my Superbowl experience. Some of my friends were upset. I was upset. We quickly moved to the Vine, and I can honestly say that what Flanny's lacks, the Vine makes up for it. I even complained to a few people about Flanny's. Revenge is sweet.Flanny's, you have lost a lot of clientele. It wasn't only my experience, but amongst my crowd of friends, several of them complained about lack of quality service. I was tempted to chew on a piece of bubble gum and leave that as her tip. So, take that!  (I stole this idea from a couple of close yelpers of mine, that bestowed this punishment on a waitress that didn't deserve anything.)/end rant.
5	Way to go Flanny's!  beeradvocate.com gave Flanny's an A+ rating!
4	Went here last night with a few people.  It was a Saturday night at about 7pm and surprisingly the place wasn't very crowded.  I guess it wasn't too crowded because this place looks to be a sports bar and there weren't that many sports happening on the tube.  Anyway, it was nice that it wasn't packed.This place has a fantastic beer selection, good service and reasonable prices.  We only stayed for one beer so I didn't look at their food menu or notice any drink/happy hour specials, but my beer was excellent.This is a great place to stop before a movie at Pollack Cinemas which is a few doors down.  I will return.
5	I seriously can't find a single problem with this place. Except that maybe enough people don't know about it yet. They're family owned an operated. The staff is super friendly. The food is delicious with very generous portions. The beer selection is amazing. The atmosphere is totally chill, like a great neighborhood bar should be. Seriously, what more could you ask for? It's a bit off my usual path, but I have no problem going out of my way to return to this place.Highly recommended.
5	The best neighborhood bar in South Tempe.  Great beer list with regularly changing options, many on tap.  Knowledgable and polite bartenders.  Good variety on the menu, and the few things I've tried have been good.
3	I go to Flanny's on a fairly regular basis as it's close to home & always  maintains a better than average craft beer selection.  With only 16 draft handles I'm always amazed at some of the unsusual & hard to find Craft Beer that can be found here on tap. Examples include Stone Levitation, Sculpin IPA, Voltron & even harder to find brews from The Lost Abbey & Bells.  Moving on, the Ambience is quite comfortable, I can tell you ALOT of money was poured into remodeling this old sports bar before they opened their doors. Its a nice place to be.With such a great selection of Craft Beer & a posh interior, I expected as much thought to be put into the menu. Not So. Some creativity abounds w/ the sandwiches, however, the frozen chicken breast, the very same sold at Burger King really lets the team down. On my last visit I had the Buffalo Chicken sandwich & just couldnt stop thinking how much better it would have been w/ fresh poultry.  The Hummus doesent taste home made(its so easy to make) & even when not busy can tend to take longer than it should to arrive at my table.  Note: the food over at @ Hungry Monk is by no means ground breaking but always seems to come out in a flash. At end, I would love to see Flanny's put on their game face, bring some imagination to the food menu  & begin embracing our growing craft beer community.  Posting on FaceBook w/ Beer On Tap updates, beer dinners or perhaps special events that show us their passion.  Flanny's deserves 3.5 stars and is absolutely worth checking out.  I'd love to see them reach for 5 stars, I Think They Can!
3	Suburban strip mall bar that is small, with a focus on those craft beers.  Quasi-sports bar feel too.  Service was hit and miss, and our bartender seemed like a manager or owner, a fortysomething with big gut, normal legs, and 80's short haircut.  Trivial chat with other folks took priority over us having empty beer glasses for nearly ten minutes, with somewhat spicy food in front of us too.  Never got that ice water I requested earlier as well.
5	Seriously......does it get any better than this?  I'm back in Phoenix for business, and I stopped by Flanny's again.  I left my beer selection to the bartender (they have craft beers I've never heard of, and an amazing 22 of them on tap!) and ordered one of their killer burgers.  The beer and the burger were the same.....delicious!  And by the way, fantastic fries.One thing for sure, next time I'm in Phoenix, I'll be at Flanny's!
3	Nothing bad to say. Good sweet Potato fries. Good beer selection. Not what I'm used to on the east coast where every bar has 60 beers on draft.Great friendly service and live music. Nice place to grab a beer after work!
5	Great food, great people, great service and great drinks!!  Nice local spot and fun place to be!
4	Nice neighborhood pub with plenty of regulars. They have good food, several TVs, and a solid happy hour deals. They fill up for lunch, happy hour, and on the weekends. It's also a good place to catch a game. Flanny's is really really clean - not divey at all.
5	I stumbled upon Flanny's from a friend who used to live in the neighborhood.  We were in search of a bar to watch football on Sundays since our previous bar had forgotten what Service was all about.  We tried Flanny's on a whim in late September of 2011 and haven't looked back or looked around further.  Flanny's is the kind of neighborhood bar that you might find back east in Buffalo or Pittsburgh but instead it's in Tempe.  I've never had a bad meal or experience at Flanny's in the year I've been going there on a regular basis and even when the placed is packed the service doesn't suffer.   The bartenders (Molly, Dallas, and Steve) are all top notch and know their beers and/or sports (Just don't ask Steve about Hockey right now). If your looking for a local bar that has a ever changing rotation of micro brews that has good service and a eclectic crowd.   Look no further then Flanny's!
3	Nice little bar with a good draft beer selection. I like the setup inside. You have seating around the bar, bar high top tables and even a section with a few lounge chairs and a couch. TVs are all around as well.  We only tried the hummus and it was not my favorite but not horrible. The menu has some decent choices from what i saw but we were on a beer only diet, the hummus just helped stopped the rumbling :)
3	Met for a few beers last night.  My nephew loved his burger.  Fried pickles were pretty good.  Live music was lame - good thing we were leaving when the singing started (at least I think it was singing, maybe a dog with its paw stuck in the door).  Probably will go back - nice place, friendly wait staff (but still learning what all the beers are that they serve).  It took a while for the waitress to understand 'red lager' means red lager, but she must have been new.  Decent crowd.  Good horseshoe bar set up with some decent screens for watching the games.
5	Love Flanny's. Great beer selection, and the food is amazing. You have to try the chicken tenders, fries, and mac and cheese. Rarely do I find a bar that also had good food in addition to a great beer selection. Great service as well, always has a very welcoming and gracious atmosphere. Recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable, delicious dinner in a welcoming environment.
3	They have a great beer selection.We went in with a large group (~10 people) and were immediately told that the kitchen was closing in 10 minutes (9 pm on a Tuesday in a bar??).  We were also told that after the kitchen closed we wouldn't even be able to get ranch dressing or anything.  It was a little strange.
4	Went to this Flanny's place last night to meet up with a few fantastic friends that I have known for...well...let's just say a long time. I was the first to arrive, and had some time to get to look around and get a feel for the place. The first thing I noticed was all of the beer handles (not sure of the official jargon) around the top of the bar near the ceiling. It was at this point that I knew we had a pretty neat place. The bartender was very friendly and up front. The food, although it is bar food, was actually pretty good. But what I was most pleased with was the variety of brews available. I got to try some ales and IPA's that I never would have known existed, and they were all brewed within AZ. Will I go back again, absolutely!
4	I love, love, love this bar! With a great selection of beers at a decent price, this place is a must if you're in Tempe. Plus the owner is amazing!We went on Friday night and enjoyed the live music and beer tasting they had going on. When the crowd dissipated, we sat back and enjoyed the company of friends at their expansive bar. We ordered several appetizers (those cheeseburger sliders are amazing!) and enjoyed all of them. I can't wait to go here again!
3	What a pleasant surprise.   Great and ever changing beers on tap.  Nice open decor and decent bar food.  Flanny's has become a go to place for a quick bite and a brew.  It's a whole lot nicer than the last few occupants  at this location.
4	Flannys we're back in love again. I've sulked back to you on a few occasions...and you've always treated me right. Your beer selection is all that and your wings are straight up the bomb.  Your bartenders are attentive and take care of me, whether your packed or not. So, Flannys, I'm back, will ya have me?
3	Packed.The beer list was great. Food: eh, it was bar food. Staff at the bar: awesome.Waitresses: terrible. Granted, it was busy, but i have friends who have been there when its dead and had the worst waitress experiences.Sit at the bar.
4	Nice little strip mall bar & grill. Has a great craft beer selection, good food and very good service.
4	I love sitting at the bar at Flanny's and enjoying a few craft beers. They have a fantastic selection of unique and rare beers on tap, as well as a solid draft selection. I can't speak to the quality of the food here, nor the service away from the bar, but I've repeatedly had excellent experiences and must recommend this place as an excellent beer bar. They also have a full liquor license, in case you have friends who don't enjoy craft beer.
5	I love this place. Possibly another new favorite place of mine! Jason and Lindsay were amazing servers. They have trivia on Wednesday nights and the place was full!!! I tried the beer sampler which was great and fun. Also tried the nachos they weren't really anything to write home about. Had a great time here!!!
4	we love chelsea!!!!!!
4	Great beer selection, and upscale fancy bar food.  Friendly staff.  I think the best part is all the craft beer on tap.  WHICH they let you sample!
4	We really like the service and food at the bar.
3	Flanny's, my neighborhood bar and grill, I never know what to say about you. The food is okay bar food, and the beer is ice cold. But every single time I visit your servers mess up the orders at our table. It's frustrating for us and we wonder if this is the always the case or are we just unlucky. The ambience is so nice in here. Love the trivia and especially love the variety of beer on tap and your beer specialty nights. But seriously... train your servers!! Thanks.
5	Great beer, good food and a amazing staff. I don't get in here as often as I'd like to but every time i'm in Jon has something new on tap. If you are in south Tempe, this is the place to hangout. Try the fish and chips, it's still my favorite dish they serve.
4	Wow. A gem near my house. I'd never been there til a friend wanted to meet up. We're craft beer drinkers and there was a ton of draft. It was late at night and the one I wanted was out, but they had a ton more. I'm also a burger guy and the burger was awesome. They gave me exactly what I wanted, and bartender/waitress came by just enough to be attentive and not annoying. I felt very welcome here, got exactly what i ordered, was offered a sample of a few beers before I bought, and was able to watch four large screen HD tvs showing the ball games and Olympics. Great place ... I'll be back.
5	Second time coming into Hanny's tonight and it was superb! The place was packed when my husband and I pulled up, but we were seated right away. Both drinks and food came out super fast! My husband had the barbecue bacon burger and I tried the chipotle chicken Mac and Cheese. Both were delicious!! Will definitely be coming more often! Saw a a sign that they had trivia in Wednesdays, so will probably come check that out!!
3	Stopped in one afternoon after dropping my car off across the street for some repairs.  My ride was already waiting for me at the bar.  I was very impressed with the beer selection and will definitely go back for that.  Did not have any food, but the menu is typical bar food.  The only negative was the gal working the bar that day.  It wasn't too busy so she proceeded to talk our ears off.  I mean non-stop.  I was trying to tell my husband what the mechanic said, etc. and she kept putting her two cents in.  Some rapport-building with the person pouring my tasty beverage is fine, but she was just ridiculous.  I almost asked her if she had had a lot of caffeine that day.  Holy moley.
3	This was a kind of cool dive-ish bar/restaurant place. It was actually a lot larger than I had expected. They had live music going, that wasn't too loud. Pretty fun atmosphere, tbh.The food was just 'eh' for me, typical bar food. But they had a great beer selection.Decent place to go if you just need a close, chill place to hang :)
3	Pretty decent bar food.  Atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired. ust lacks any personality.  Just looks like your typical sports bar with lots of free beer signs that they get from the distributors.  I applaud them for having a nice selection of craft beer but the food is just such a major let down.  Can tell they cater to the regulars and tend to ignore those they dont know.
4	Excellent craft beer selection with 22 taps. Third Thursday of every month is tap takeover with 1-2 breweries invited to bring in their brews. This is a good way to experience some hard to find beers. I attended the Lost Abbey/Port Brewing Co. takeover last week. $6/draft. Some available earlier in the day but most start at 6:30. Good establishment to try something new.
4	Great beer selection, especially the beer fusions. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, quick service. Food is typical bar food, nothing special but didn't agree with my girlfriends stomach in the least. So four stars for the beer and atmosphere but wouldn't eat here.
4	A craft beer oasis in South Tempe. No really, if you want a special brew, it's likely on tap. And right down the street from my house; how did I overlook you for so long?! I used to live in Fort Collins, CO and LOVE that Flanny's has New Belgium beers galore. The boyfriend and I stopped in last Saturday. I enjoyed two Trippels, and a beer infusion called Candy Apple (Sonoran White Chocolate + Crispin Cider = OMGHOLY$#!T!). Also, it's awesome that some of the money from the purchase of an infusions goes to Brain Cancer research. Believe this was called "Beer for Brains".Knock a star off for the food. Nothing special; it's bar food. But the appetizers we ordered had me sick as hell and my Sunday morning wasn't a good time.I'll definitely come back!
1	Flanny's could be a real good watering hole for locals. They have a lot of different beers on tap. Just don't ask to sample anything because the owner will not allow it. Even if you have spent hundreds there. The biggest problem there is the owner. He needs a class in customer service. Or just don't show up. He's there all the time and you can tell he is micro managing. I went there with a group of people to watch the Sunday night football game and he wouldn't turn the sound on because there was a table of 4 people eating. The way he handled it was poor. He basically said leave if you don't like it. We were going eat as well. I don't think the other table would have minded. He could have even asked them. But we were polite, got up and left. Went to ZIPPs to watch the game. No wonder they were almost full and Flanny's was empty. It's a shame that I won't go there now unless I have to. And I don't.
3	This place is good in theory, but the food is so-so at best and the beer situation is confusing. If you go to their website, there is a list of beers. However, when you get there the beer on tap is different. Huh? The service is good and the staff is mostly friendly, but I need some consistency in beer selection and the food needs to be ramped up.
4	if something on their draft list sounds good, go drink it. NOW. they usually only get one keg of a variety of craft beers, and when they're gone, something else shows up in its place. they have a lot of delicious things on draft, and a selection of delicious beers to go. food is ok but everything has meat in it. even all the salads. boo.
2	Bad service, mediocre food, long long wait times.  We specifically ask for wings before our meal because for some reason, servers think a person will enjoy their dinner to be cold sitting on a table while we eat an appetizer.  Was no different here, waited 25 minutes for our appetizer and then receive our actual meal 2.5 minutes later, yeah I was being exact.  What the french toast?!
4	What can I say?  I live behind Flanny's (no, not in a dumpster), so I spend a lot of time there.  Love the tap selection.  It's hard to beat.  Plus, they rotate the beers there and do all kinds of other promotions so it's never the same thing twice.  The bartenders, Jon and Jon Jr are all great peeps.The only reason I don't give it five stars are:  the terrible sun that comes into the place in the late afternoon; and the the food is GOOD, but not great.  Still, minor flaws here.The beer tab can get expensive if you're not drinking the specials, so watch out.This is not a sports bar, and Jon doesn't intend to make it one, so if you're looking for UFC, boxing, or other sports, you may want to think twice.
4	Flanny's isn't close to our home, but we are willing to make the drive when they put on beer events. We've been there twice now and both times, we ate and tried beers from their excellent selection of beers on tap.The food is better than your standard bar. We've had the chicken quesadilla, burgers, and my personal favorite, the buffalo chicken wrap. Finally a place that uses a hot Buffalo chicken sauce instead of this wimpy stuff masquerading as buffalo sauce at other joints. It was delicious!The service is usually great unless they are packed. In which case you may have to wait to see your server or get your own menus. We'll be back!
5	You can depend on having interesting beers on tap at Flanny's.  I really like their "flights" since you can try six different beers without having to get full glasses.  The food is good, I do love the sweet potato fries.  Its a great place to go after work, or meet a group of friends.  Usually not too noisy, and they are always willing to accommodate a group.
4	Quite surprised by this little neighborhood pub...  the selection of beer is always rotating and I always have a hard time choosing from their unique lineup. By far my favorite thing about Flanny's is the monthly "tap takeover".  Gives you a chance to try brews that you'll rarely see in Arizona.
5	Like other reviewers I find many of the waitresses rude or ill informed, but the bartenders are awesome and the owner seems like really great guy.  Can't say much about the food as I always have a pretzel, but that is yummy!  My favorite part is that the beer selection is always changing.
5	This is the perfect little bar and grill.  Every time I have come here I am so happy I did!  The food is excellent!! There is not a bad appetizer on the menu (I know because I've ordered them all).  The meals are delicious and reasonably priced.  There is also an excellent beer selection for all of you beer snobs out there.The last time we were here there was even live music.  Just a simple acoustic guitar, nothing intrusive or too loud and lots of 90's cover songs.Another great thing about this place is location.  It is right next to the cheap-o Tempe Cinema making it the perfect spot for dinner and movie that won't make you go broke.  This is one of my favorite Tempe spots :-).
5	Flanny's is a great neighborhood pub. Most pubs you worry how clean the kitchen is, the bar crowd is cliquish and the decor resembles a basement bar. Not Flanny's. Flanny's is a clean, modern welcoming local pub with high def TVs, great staff, craft beers and bar, table and soft seating. My favorite aspect of Flanny's is that they support live music.
1	So we are new to the area and were out and abt bar hoping on a Sunday. We came across Flanny's. While I will give them a positive on the beer selection ( certainly not the biggest, but ok for a strip mall bar) they are on the pricey side, I mean 8.00 bucks for a beer could add up! We where there along with maybe 7-10 other people, so it wasn't busy, but it was also 3:30 in the afternoon. Upon entering we also noticed 5 toddlers running around while their Dad was sitting on the couch in front on the TV...not really the type of place for little ones in my opinion! We ordered our drinks from the bartender, whom seemed to have a major attitude from the start. We had a few questions abt a couple brews and it seemed like we were bothering him for an answer. Like I said it wasn't busy. Got our drinks and the hubby decide to play some songs on the Touch Tunes player. Played 5.00 worth. So his song choices might not have been everyone's choice of music, but lasted I check the Tunes player was sitting on the wall for public to play, right? The music was not loud at all, more background than anything. Half way through the song, the bartender turned it off and the waitress said, oh thank god you turned that crap off, it's shit music! I politely said I am sorry you didn't like that but my husband just played 5.00 bucks worth of music to listen to while we drink our 20.00 dollars worth  of drinks. Not a second later she came over with an attitude and THREW the 5 dollar bill at my husband and said nothing! I am aware that not everybody like the same music, but the attitudes of the bartender and the waitress( who by the way was just sitting there doing nothing) were uncalled for! You listen to the song and move along, if you don't want people to play anything other than the soft indie music that's playing don't have a Touch Tunes player. We asked for the bill, did not leave a tip and left and went to Boston's. While it  may be a dive bar, I would rather sit at a place that people aren't so uptight! Get over yourselves Flanny's your a strip mall bar with bad food and a few good beers!!!
1	decided to try this place out on a Friday night but walked in and the place had an odd smell. Thought maybe it was just by the door so found a seat and sat down. ordered a drink and realized the horrible smell was through the whole restaurant. It smelled like rotten eggs and could not order anything to eat because the smell was so distracting. Drank our beer and left. We won't come back here!
5	What a cool little bar.  The beer selection is pretty good, always rotating new craft beers into the lineup.  Haven't had the opportunity to try the food at  Flanny's just yet, but from others, I hear it is great.  The staff is very friendly and pretty beer savvy, if you are a craft beer enthusiast you will appreciate this.  In fact, if you are a craft beer enthusiast, you will be quite surprised and pleased when you walk into this establishment...from it's unassuming appearance on the outside, you wouldn't expect this place to play host to some fairly exciting beer events.
1	Started out pretty good at this bar we spent around 130.00 for a party of 4 then I made a mistake on the type of beer that i ordered the bartender chelsea refused to take it back and replace it with what i wanted and the attitude she presented just ruined the entire evening....So take a good look around because this place will never ever see another dollar from me or anyone that i know that is thinking of going there
4	Flanny's is an unassuming place located in a strip mall. I would never think of coming here unless someone took me. What makes Flanny's are the people, oh, and the craft beer. This place is buzzing at night with beer geeks exchanging ideas and talking about the latest and great in beer. When I was there I actually had a chance to meet the owner of Bells. How cool is that and how often does something like this happen? I was impressed with the beer selection and the clientele. I had something to eat but the entire beer scene has blocked my memory on what exactly I had! ;)
5	I live in Henderson, Nevada, but this is my new favorite place when I'm in Tempe. I've lived in the neighborhood for over 15 years and this particular location has had a lot of turnover. Stopped by about a month ago, and was disappointed that I hadn't been coming here since they opened two years ago. I can be a bit of a wine and beer snob and this establishment meets my beer expectations. Great craft beers on tap or available for purchase in their "special" refrigerator. Great bartenders and the owner Jon is extremely personable and knows his beers. In addition, the food is great. Large portions and tasty. Had their fish and chips a couple of weeks ago. Four large pieces, not greasy and ordered the sweet potato fries. Yummy! Their burgers are huge and their Cobb Salad could feed a family of four. I'm heading back to Tempe in May and Flanny's will be my first stop.
4	Servcie is kind of lacking. but the atmosphere and food are very good. Lots of beer selections and menu items to choose from. We will be back again for sure.
2	this place is NOT a sports bar. don't let the 4 large TVs fool you. we went to watch college football games this saturday and we had to BEG to have them turn the sound on for the ASU game. the bar is IN TEMPE!! they kept telling us a band was coming on and we told them that 1/2 the bar was there to watch the games and if a band started and the game's sound was turned off, we would all leave. this did not deter them from turning off the sound during the white knuckle 4th quarter and having "the band" take over. "the band" was a chick on a stool playing depressing girlie music that was just about the worst thing you can imagine listening to when you're yelling at vontaze to rip somebody's head off. the only reason they get 2 stars is because my brew was delish.
5	We all need a pub to relax and wind down after work and be able to shoot the shit about whatever the hell we want - whether it's which co-worker is about to overdose on the boss's dingleberry dust or who's dipping the pen in the company ink. And this is a great place for it. Food is pretty decent and definitely several tiers above standard bar food. They always have different beer to choose from than the week before and once in a while there are promotions. Once I got a free pint glass with a brewery logo on it and a bunch of stickers of various beer brands which were all NSABS (not safe as bumper stickers). I always feel at home here - service is always good and people are cool. That is, the clientele and people working there are cool. Once, I must confess, I brought a friend who should have been left back in his mom's basement in hindsight. Yeah. You know. We all have that friend. The one you can't take anywhere. And it cracks me up that on the list of beers for the week, Flanny's always has the one choice with the least alcohol content from the Anheuser-Busch brewery - the beer of kings. And that is what said friend pre-loads on before we go anywhere so that the night is "cheaper". Well this time around he decided to go for the higher alcohol percent - 10 percent. Whoa. Shoulda stopped him. Next thing you know he's seeing Dungeons AND Dragons as well as black helicopters and false flag terrorists in every pot under everyone's bed. Then when we were ready to leave for the night he lost his mind over the fact that the waiter gave us pink pens to sign our credit card receipts. He decided that the fact that the pens were PINK was some sort of coded message from the waiter that he suspected us all of being part of the LGBTOMGWTFRU community. I had to convince him that they were pink not because the waiter thought we were fifty shades of gay (not that there would be anything WRONG with that of course) but rather maybe those were the ONLY freaking pens they had - it's not like they had a box of 64 different colors (like we had crayons in kindergarten) and they specifically picked out pink. I told him if he were that insecure about his masculinity he should just buy a muscle car or monster truck and that would well make up for perceived lack of length, girth, radius, circumference, or whatever other dimension was getting him down. So yeah. This place is not really for EVERYONE. Take those folks who won't drink anything they can't pronounce to the Sand Bar instead.
4	This is a great place to hang out with friends and grab a meal or drink. I've been here and had dinner once. I ordered a burger and fries - it was good quality for bar food. I've also been here a few times to just have a drink with friends and hang out. It's convenient to walk over after eating at Yupha's or watching a movie at the Pollack. I like that it's not loud and they have a large selection of beer (even though I'm not a beer drinker, my friends seem to appreciate it). It's kind of odd that they close at midnight though.
4	This is what I call a classy local tavern and restaurant. With the two owners on premises and what I call home made classic food you can't miss.  I enjoy a beer or two and love that they have more than just the standard brands. Music in on certain nights classic and not too loud so you can't enjoy a conversation.
4	Awesome craft beer selection. Try the odell double pilsner
5	Flanny's is my favorite hang out spot in Tempe! The beer selection is fantastic and it is the place I always go to watch the big game. The owner and his son are very friendly and knowledgeable about the beers that they offer. All of the staff recognizes who I am and makes for a very enjoyable and at home experience when I show up. LOVE their tap takeovers that they have every 3rd Thursday. If you like beer, then this is where you need to be!
1	Extraordinarily unfriendly.  We came to have a goodbye party for a friend and not only would they not let us share a cake because it was outside food, they yelled at us for using their knife to cut it.
2	I'll agree with another Yelper, pretty unfriendly - and I am a pretty laid back person.  I don't start trouble at bars, I just go in to have some drinks and usually to pass the time.  I was across the street at a service station getting the oil changed on my car (I don't remember the name of the place, but they have a great, on-going price for oil changes, just throwing that in there).  The place was pretty empty but I am assuming because it was 3:00 pm on a weekday afternoon.  The bartender was short and curt.  I don't mean short in stature, I mean in her attitude.  She had some "favorites" that she was hanging out with, but with me and a couple other people it was just all business and a pretty sour attitude.  They do have a large selection of draft beers - even Moose Drool on draft - that's a plus, but the 2 margaritas I ordered were not good at all.  There wasn't much alcohol in them, either, nothing like what they make at Applebee's or several other places.  The flavor of the margarita was bad, it just plain didn't taste good. It's just the bad attitude of the bartender that really got to me.  As if I were imposing on her to ask her to get me another drink.  I don't know how the owners/management of this place think they are going to get new people in there with attitudes like that.  Maybe they think they already have enough regulars and don't need anymore.  Undecided whether I will go back the next time I get the oil changed in my car - probably will try a second time and see if it was just a bad day for her or what.
3	I wish I could give 3.5 stars. I've been coming here since the beginning and as far as beers go, awesome. They always have a good selection and the owner is nothing but nice and will take some time out to talk to you. The cons of the place are the overall menu and marketing. There are almost never any changes to the menu and most of the food is just meh. I love the chipotle mac and cheese but that's about it. I wish they would update their beer list. They used to back in the day and then for some reason, nothing. It's usually a few weeks behind. Nothing sucks more then to go to the bar for a specific beer and find out it's out and was out 2 weeks ago.
1	Talk about rude & mean.  This place is awful!
5	Had the grilled chicken wings and they were awesome! Great beer selection and friendly staff.
5	Very good food and great beers, if you like craft beers. The chipotle Mac had Cheese is one of my favorites. And they also have this great thing call tap take over every third Thursday, where the have beers from one brewery on as many taps as they have. They have growlers and beers togo with an awesome selection.
5	Wow Flanny's - you have upped your game considerably. I know you're listening and reading these reviews because the food was perfect, and your bartenders/servers were on their game. Thank you for restoring my belief that a neighborhood bar could be all that I hope for. I can now heartily recommend you to all my friends. If you're reading this try the rotating tap selection of great beer and the grilled chicken wings. Dynamite combo.
4	Flannys is hands down my favorite place in the valley to grab a beer, a burger, and hang out with friends at lunchtime.I can't speak for other times of day, but it's generally quiet at lunch.  They have a constantly changing beer list with something for just about everyone, and the menu is moderately eclectic for bar fare.Yes - the staff can be a little gruff.  But they are never rude, they haven't messed up anything we've ever ordered, and all the food is better than it should be.I highly suggest stopping in, grabbing a flight of random beers and some street tacos.  Always seems to work for me.
4	We've only been here once and it was for take out. When we got home everything was still nice and hot and tasted fresh. The staff was friendly and there was a fun band playing while we waited for our to-go order. We'd definitely make our way back here again.
2	this place isn't terrible, but it's not good. my beer connoisseur cousin came into town, so I took her here and I feel really embarrassed. the beer selection was super limited because there was a tap takeover the night before. I had the turkey blta, which was the most bland sandwich I've ever had. we also had the flanny's favorite burger (lured by the sunny side up egg), but the yolk was almost entirely cooked (what's the point in that?). the fried pickles were mediocre, as well as the chipotle aioli that came with it. maybe I had a pretty bad impression because of the live music, which i could best compare to a vacuum... it was loud and it sucked.
5	Not sure what some peeps are complaining about as far as customer service...I've never had anything but friendly,  top notch, and well informed people taking care of me. John Senior, and John Jr. are both quality people, and more importantly, know their way around a beer list. This is by far one of my top 3 favorite places to grab a beer. First it's always a great, dynamic selection...and two, the people (at  least John & John) know what they're serving you. They might not be vapid, 19 year old hostesses promoted to bartender by some horny over-aged manager, regardless of the fact that they don't know an ipa from a stout...but they're good people who know their product. You make the choice.
4	Good food. Good beers. Had some live music last night which was entertaining too. Would've preferred some more options on the food menu.
5	You can never go wrong at Flanny's.  Definitely one of the better selections of craft beer on tap in the east valley.  They also do growler fills and they have a limited, but good bottle selection to go.  The food here is consistently good.  Everything I have tried on the menu is fresh and tasty...I would suggest the southwest egg rolls!  During the day, Flanny's is family friendly and there is a kids menu for the little ones.Service is great when there isn't a beer event going on.  Typically, every third Thursday night there is a tap takeover of some sort, and depending on the popularity of the highlighted beers, it's not uncommon to find this place packed to capacity.  Service is as good as you can expect when there is an event though and the bar is three deep in beer geeks.Family owned and operated, this is a great neighborhood pub!  I highly recommend it to anyone who cares about the beer they drink...and anyone else just looking for a cool little spot with good food on the east side.
3	Great beer selection.  The food is standard fare.  Prices are fair.  The owner is always out and about and making sure every one is taken care of.  However, I've had a few experiences where the servers can't seem to keep up.  When, there's a beer event, forget about getting service or a seat unless you get there very early.
4	Great rotating selection of beers and good food to boot.  Nice friendly bar atmosphere that isn't too hard core bar-y (more every day folks not a heavy drinker bar).Food options are fairly typical, but quality is definitely a notch or two above normal bar fare.  They even offer some healthy options or you can stick with fries which are always a winner here.  The food is fresh, well-prepared, and prompt.  Grilled chicken sandwich with avocado and bacon is excellent!Love the awesome selection of beers and the owner takes the time to check in with everyone to make sure they're happy.
3	I adore their tap takeovers. And they always manage to have some tasty craft beer when we drop in. But the food is not good. The hummus is all garlic. Sandwiches use frozen chicken. We always head over for Yupha's Thai after our yummy beers. Would love a menu makeover to go with the next tap takeover! Even a few fresh fun items would help.
5	First time here. Great staff, great wings and great beer!!!  Definitely coming back when I am in town!
4	Flanny's always has a wide selection of delicious craft beer. Food is a little to be desired for but they are working on it. The beer more than makes up for it though.
5	I always have a great experience here!!! Fish and chips...outstanding!! Great service...great beers. People that give this place bad reviews should just stay home!
4	Flannys is a great neighborhood bar within walking distance of my place. They really do have some tasty choices on the menu - such as the very lemony hummus - but the real draw for me is the beer. They have these great events every Third Thursday where they have a tap takeover from an awesome brewery featuring specialty beers and they are always a favorite during Beer Week with the Firkin events. I wish the prices were a little cheaper, especially for the local beers that are on tap a few blocks away at the source for a fraction of the cost. But its really good service and a nice atmosphere, i recommend it - especially for their events!
4	Nice clean bar with a ton of beer options.  Full bar as well.  I didn't order any food, but I saw a burger come out that looked pretty good.
5	Definitely will be recommending this place. Carolyn was a fantastic waitress and very attentive. On the ball with the condiments and boxes and was an all around delight. The salmon that I ordered came out beautifully and my boyfriends philly cuz one that finally shut him up. Next time I'm in Tempe, I shall be coming back!!
4	Beer Mecca! What a great little locally-owned business with a kick ass beer selection!  The staff is well versed on beer and the food is high quality and interesting.  My personal favorite is the Chipotle Mac and Cheese. P.S. Great people watching and super friendly crowd.
4	Another go to spot for a very large and wide selection of craft brews on tap. Occasionally have Tap takeovers by different breweries which is a nice feature.Haven't tried the food but beer is great.Bar feel with touch of sports bar.
4	One of the best local businesses to grab a craft beer at! Not only do they have a wide variety of options that is constantly rotating, but they host monthly tap takeovers with different breweries from around the country, as well as local ones like Four Peaks and SanTan. The food is pretty good, too, and is much better than your average bar fare (my favorite: chipotle mac and cheese with grilled chicken). Plenty of TVs to catch the game and just enough seating where it doesn't feel crowded even when it's full (unless you're there on a tap takeover night, then you want to get there early!). The Flanigans are wonderful people who support their local community, so make sure you stop in and say hi.
4	This place is a craft beer lover's paradise!  The selection is forever changing and it's always interesting to see what they'll have next.  The night we were there, the rep for New Belgium was there and gave us some sweet goblets for trying one of their beers on tap (which turned out to be a great easy drinking summer beer).  The food is better than most bars, but we didn't come here with food at the forefront of our minds.  It's all about the beer!  Trivia nights here are super fun as well.
4	I've been here a few times, and I am never disappointed. The food is great; one of the best burgers in town, the appetizers are all delicious, and they have an amazing salmon salad.Of course, if you don't come here for the food, you're here for the beer, which there is a huge selection of on tap or in a bottle.The customer service is better on the weekends than during the week, and if that was more consistent, 5 stars!
4	Nice dive bar. Food comes in large portions, typical bar food, beer selection is nice. Service is good. Specials are even better which brings it from 3 to 4 stars for dive bars!
4	Awesome locally owned spot with great selection of beer! We tried the sampler because there were so many choices new to us! The pretzel is so good, we ordered one to go!
5	I had been contemplating between 4 and 5 stars when it just came down to this: I have NEVER had a bad experience here!! The food has always been fantastic, the beer is always incredible, and the service has always been great! This place has never let me down and I always leave happy. I love Flannys!!
4	Great beer selection!  Food is excellent and well priced.
4	Great Burgers!!!!!!!No typical swill beer, only craft beers..Good atmosphere very small
4	If you want something fancy... walk away.This bar is 4 stars for being greatly neighboorhood centered, local drivenIts great, the beer is all local (and semi local)... they don't even have blue moon or Guinness here. So have fun and try some new stuff.One complaint - If you are sitting at the bar is it necessary for the waiter to make a receipt for every transaction you make? Aren't we wasting the bartender's time and paper. Come on..  fix the processes here!
4	This is an ideal bar. The food is good (bar food) and the drinks are reasonable priced. I came here after a funeral with a large group of friends. We all ordered some appetizers, beers and shots. Everything was spot on. It's not going to blow your mind with flavor but it's exactly how you would like bar food to be. Very happy we came and might be back if fate ever takes me that way again.
5	Well, I'm glad I went back and can most definitely add a couple of stars to the review.  Last time was so awful.  Chatty Cathy bartender reminded me of my brother's baby mama who never shuts her piehole.  I mean never.  I think the Bob & Tom song, "She's Talking Again" was written with her in mind.ANYWAY, our return visit was perfect.  Great beers.  We had a couple of pints and also tried a sampler.  They had so many choices it was hard to decide, but no worries, I can always come up with a good beer to drink.  We shared an order of BBQ wings which were fried perfectly and had plenty of tasty sauce to get all over ourselves and suck it off our fingers loudly and make the couple next to us with small children nervous.  Then what?  Oh yeah, more tasty beers and then Mr. M had the pulled pork sandwich with onion rings and the sandwich reminded me of Rudy's pulled pork.  Very nice!  O rings were good too.I had the fish wrap and am still thinking about that.  It was so simple, but so good.  The fish was cooked perfectly and not greasy, and then was surrounded by fresh vegs in a soft tortilla.  Loved it.  Our service was perfect this time too.  We had two people who kept an eye on us.  I lost track of my main receipt, but the sampler receipt says Katy, and there was a dude walking around helping out too.  I can't remember his name, but I want to say Jason.  The dude with the beard who knows a lot about beer.  He was fun to talk to.  I like to see servers helping each other out.  They also had some drool-worthy choices on the weekend breakfast menu if memory serves.  Something like bacon chocolate chip pancakes or French toast.  I don't know.  Better go back this weekend and find out.  Check their website to make sure I know what I'm talking about.Overall it was great and now I definitely won't wait so long to go back.
2	Five stars for the entertainment and food, and staff..a two for the management!  I love going to Flanny's on Friday nights because of the entertainment.  Last Friday night Gerry Mora was performing and as usual was excellent.  I was so distracted when the owner was making hand gestures to Gerry about lowering the volume....how disrespectful!!  John if you want to keep quality performers and customers stop treating them like crap!!   I'm done with Flanny's.  There are plenty of other places to go in the area....
