4	Just came across this neighborhood gem and finally made it back. It is definitely a good find! You really can't go wrong when you walk in and find more Asians rolling the sushi than the actual patrons! Staff is attentive and friendly without being imposing as you consume an entire continent of sushi to your stomach's content. The quality is far better than I expected for a revolving sushi joint; my fave is the sweetheart roll. I will have to make a trip back with my entourage to see how the rest of the menu fares from the conveyor selection. I'm excited it is in my backyard! Give it a try and tell me your thoughts :)
5	What can I say great sushi gently revolving (yes i said revolving because that's what this place is a revolving sushi restaurant) by at a great price, this is one to check out
5	Great food!  Tons of selection - even for someone who doesn't like raw sushi and a vegetarian boyfriend!  Friendly staff,  inexpensive pricing,  fun atmosphere!  Totally different dining experience!
5	just opened! i got 2nd to review! i love the revolving sushi concept...because it's cheap and it's quick. you sit at one of numerous bar type seating areas and a conveyor belt runs in front of you with smaller portions of rolls and sushi items. you simply pick out the ones you want without having to wait for table service. they give you a full service menu as well, and it describes what each roll is (beyond the obvious ones). the sashimi selection on the revolver is limited but the prices are inexpensive so you don't have to order a whole roll to find out you don't like something. the sushi and sashimi we did try was very good, tasted fresh, and i wasn't at all worried about a second rate sushi place. i first tried a place like this in new mexico and loved it ever since, but this is the first place i've seen it since then. i've heard it's popular in japan......and it is popular to me!prices range from 1.50 for 2 pieces of mackeral nigiri up to 5.00 for 3 pieces of salmon or tuna sashimi. average for items is 3.00. i love it, and will be back!
4	Just had lunch here.The good:Tried a bunch of different sushi, very fresh, very creative.  I recommend the sweetheart and valentine roils (I even hate typing the names, but they were good).  I didn't have the sashimi, but it looked nice with good portions.The bad (ish):The spicy tuna was lacking a little spicy.  But that's a preference thing.  What I really didn't care for was the arrangement of the place.  the revolving sushi is set up in the shape of an "E", with all of the seat as though you were sitting at the sushi bar.  One end of the E you are sitting at the bar, but the remainder you're looking across sushi parading by and into the eyes of another diner.  I was fortunate to have a couple of cute girls across from me - a plus - but one could envision situations that would be less pleasant.The other place in town gets past this by putting tables that extend off of the revolving sushi conveyor, an arrangement I much prefer.  There were a few of these at Akita, but not many.I'll be back, but either with a group so I get the table, or sit in front of the prep are (bar).  I certainly wouldn't want to be sitting across from another dude that looks like me....
5	Love this place.....the sushi is soooo good here. Its unfortunate I dont live in AZ.  I will definitely be visiting when I come bk  to AZ. The people are friendly and relaxed atmosphere.
5	Self proclaimed sushi addict, family claims "sushi-nut" , and I LOVE this place - fast, friendly, very affordable and excellent tasting and quality sushi. And a lot of fun. 5 stars and highly recommended.
3	It's a fun idea for a restaurant and the pricing is amazing!!! However, I have been going to Sakana Sushi in Scottsdale for sometime and I wish Akita had more of the elaborate specialty rolls that Sakana does. I found this sushi average and was definitely surprised at the low cost. I would pay more if they offered specialty rolls. I enjoyed the neon green lighting.
5	YUM! Really love this place. The service was amazing and the fish was fresh. The sushi wasn't as inexpensive as some other Revolving Sushi Bars, but I enjoyed it much more. The fish was d-lish and the restaurant is beautiful. Definitely going to make it back.
4	Truth to be told, I am not a fan of sushi, any sushi.  Not caring for raw fish or sticky rice, I'm pretty much SOL in this department.  However, because I am a fantastic wife that allows her husband to choose a restaurant on his birthday, I've learned to live with it.  My secret is looking for shellfish and avocado and drowning the poor bastard (the sushi, not my husband) in soy sauce.So, we arrive at Akita.  I like the name.  It reminds me of a big fluffy dog.  I like it that I can inspect the plates as they pass by on the little conveyor.  If this was a concept at a Mexican restaurant, I would weigh an easy 400 pounds.  I wished there were a menu available of what was in each roll, but no worries, if I didn't like it, birthday man would eat it.  And actually, my visual assessment of the ingredients was pretty good.  I liked everything I chose.  Although our drink order was taken promptly, I did have to ask for them when it became clear it was never going to happen.  I can only imagine it was an oversight, as the restaurant was not busy.  My only real complaint is that there were huge gaps on the belt.  I get it that since it wasn't busy, they didn't want to overload it with food that wouldn't be served in time.  But the spacing should have been better.  At times, it took a good 10 minutes for anything to pass by.  I also would have preferred fewer pieces on a plate.  Most plates had at least 4 pieces of sushi.  But overall, for a newly opened place, great job!  And for $35, we had a stack of plates.  My husband was a fan as well.  Hopefully, he'll write his own review.  But I'm not counting on it.  My work is never done.
1	Was about to dine here before I read this article for having 8 health code violations,  http://raycomnbc.worldnow.com/story/25531763/dirty-dining-may-15-worst-offenders-had-7-health-code-violations?config=H264Perhaps I'll try some other time.  Most likely not.
3	We tried this restaurant for the first time today. They did a nice job on the inside with the sushi conveyor belt, sushi bar, etc. The entrance looks tired and dilapidated - we almost turned way before we walked in. A tired door, a curtain over the glass (on the inside), a weatherbeaten and abandoned menu box outside all contributed to a look of a neglected restaurant.The service and friendliness of the staff was top notch. We were warmly greeted when we arrived and got a nice thank you on the way out. They kept our area clear, our tea and water full, etc. Actually, this was some of the best service I've seen a while in a restaurant of this price range or even a bit higher.Now, to the main course - the sushi. It was average - not great, not bad. And for sushi, not bad is a good thing. I like this much more than Sakana's too large of portions and too low quality seafood. There's a reasonable selection of items on the conveyor and a lot more to be had in the conventional menu. None of the conveyor items were particularly noteworthy and none had the "wow" factor of terrific seafood or a terrific roll recipe. But none was bad either.I think I'll be back - quick, friendly, reasonable prices, reasonable food.
4	Wide variety, very reasonably priced.  We didn't realize it until we were leaving but you can also order entrees from the menu as well.  That is helpful for the crowd, including my wife, that don't like sushi.  A novel way (the revolving conveyor belt) to offer up the different varieties of sushi.
4	Been here twice now on business trips and it was a nice option for lunch. Decent prices and nice variety. Service was good and clean ambiance. Bathrooms are fancy with marble faucets. I call these type of sushi restaurants sushi trains, as I've had this style in San Francisco. You control the cost and select the variety you want, it's nice to have a lil of this and a lil of that.
5	We like conveyor sushi because it is entertaining for our kids and encourages them to try new things.  This was a pleasant surprise because the quality of the food was high and the prices were still relatively low for North Scottsdale sushi.The kids loved the interesting bathrooms!
4	We had 11 different rolls and all but 2 I would get again. Very polite and prompt wait staff!
1	I love conveyor sushi joints, and while this one appears clean and has a friendly staff, there's simply no excuse for serving what should be cold dishes at or above room temperature.  Each plate I tried was as warm or warmer than the previous one, leading me to cut the visit shorter than it would have been out of fear of getting sick.  On top of that, the check topped $50; that money would have gone further and with better quality at Ra or even Teharu.  I definitely won't be returning.
5	We have spent quite a lot of time at Teharu and decided to try this place. We really liked the unique dishes on the conveyor and ordered a lot if specialty items right from the chef. The sushi was clearly top rate, more equivalent to that of a full service sushi bar. The service was exceptional even though they have only been in business a few months. Yep it costs more than Teharu but the quality and taste was there. My wife and I will be back to sample the more extensive menu!
5	First time at Akita sushi (or any revolving sushi bar). Food was excellent: extremely fresh, with sushi varieties I hadn't seen before. The revolving part is great fun, although a few of the signs could have used more detailed descriptions. You can also order off the menu & there are lots of traditional cooked items as well as sushi & sashimi. Plates are color-coded for price so it's easy to keep track of spending. The chef is right there to create specialty rolls at your request. He is extremely friendly & more than willing to answer questions (the revolving thing cost $100,000 & this is his third restaurant).The entire staff was friendly & helpful without being intrusive. When we sat down & were handed the traditional split bowls with wasabi & pickled ginger, I laughingly told the waiter we would be needing LOTS more ginger, expecting refills later when we ran out. He immediately brought a huge bowl & yes, my sister & I ate it all.Don't know what to say about the food violations concerns that 2 people mentioned. One at least was written when they'd just opened; perhaps the problems have been resolved. The place looked immaculate & the food was extremely fresh. We both loved it. Definitely going back!
4	After reading the reviews here, especially about the health rating I dropped it a bit.  This is a simple place for cheap sushi on demand.   I liked that it was a kid friendly place and the food is available as soon as you sit down.  If you are starving, and want to eat now, this is a good option.   The prices are excellent.   I had dinner here with many many plates and it was around $30, then went to stingray on the weekend and the tab was $98.   You get what you pay for, but I will plan on being back.   Just hope they clean up back there on those violations.
2	We wondered about this place every time we drove by and finally decided to check it out tonight.  The staff was friendly and the service was good but... The sushi was warm and all the plates on the conveyor belt have been rotating even before we got there and most of them were still there until we left (we stayed over an hour). AT ROOM TEMPERATURE.  They never even bothered to replace the older plates no matter how long they've been sitting there rotating at room temperature.  Seaweed salad was been on there for so long,  it was seeping moisture,  looked more like seaweed soup than salad. I was craving yellowtail sashimi but didn't feel like taking the only plate that's been rotating there for who knows how long,  so I ordered fresh plate and the fish came out half frozen.  Plates on rotation are warm and the ones you order come out frozen..  Also it was a bit pricey for the quality and considering it's a revolving sushi bar rather than a traditional sushi restaurant. (90 bucks Not including gratuity for not so fresh sushi,  I wasn't very happy about that).  I really hate leaving negative reviews but one thing that makes me mad the most is spending decent amount of money for bad quality food.  If I'm gonna spend hundred bucks at a restaurant,  i want to feel satisfied after dining and it wasn't the case this time. I'm very disappointed at this place  since I've been looking forward to check this place out for several weeks. I guess i can stop wondering now. I just hope I don't get sick from eating warm raw seafood. I give 2 stars for friendly service. After i came home,  I immediately came online to see what other people had to say and saw that the restaurant had several health violations. Honesty I'm not shocked... I'm sorry to have to leave negative feedback but this is how I felt after tonight.  I don't think we will be going back unless there's a significant improvement.  Good luck Akita revolving sushi. Seriously...
4	I thought this place was really good for what it is: a quick and relatively cheap spot to stop in for a sushi meal. It's got a nice build-out, very clean, decent atmosphere, and efficient service. The sushi is good--it's not trying to get at the top end of sushi dining like some of the much more renowned, gourmet places in town, but for what it's trying to be the quality is good. The prices are the best part: everything is $2-3 below what you might pay elsewhere. Plates start at $1.50 and top out at $5.00.  The $2.00 and $3.00 plates are primarily nigiri, the $4.00 and $5.00 plates are rolls and sashimi. We were able to feed three of us quite well with several drinks for just $50, and we were in and out in well under an hour.  If you're short on time and want a relatively inexpensive sushi meal this is your spot. I did see some other reviewers refer to a "dirty dining" news report from a couple months ago...they even gave bad reviews while admitting they didn't even go to the restaurant, which I think does review sites like Yelp a disservice. Anyway, I was aware of that report and reviewed it before we visited. I can say that having worked in restaurants and dealt with inspections before, the violations were all very minor, things like missing consumer warnings about raw food on the menu (which we all know anyway) and some minor labeling or employee training issues.  According to the health dept website all violations were corrected on re-inspection a couple weeks later. So, while you should always check out a place before you eat there, I think you can't judge this place based upon the report that ran on the news without checking on both a) what the violations were, and b) the results of the follow up inspection.  You definitely shouldn't be judging a place you've never even visited. Just my two cents.
5	This is one of the best sushi restaurants I've been to! My husband and I came here for happy hour and we both were impressed by the quality of food and the prices.  The twin towers roll was delicious.. As well as a few other rolls I haven't seen before.  The service is also fabulous.  Our waiter recommended 2 crab sushi rolls that weren't on the conveyer belt because they wouldn't have kept well for a long period of time.  They were both unique and flavorful.  Then we received a 20% off coupon for our next visit.  Great new gem in Scottsdale!
2	Just left lunch there and I really only enjoyed the mint they gave me with my check. I had 2 speciality rolls and a squid salad all of which were fishy. I didn't finish one of the rolls and I eat just about anything! I have been to the other revolving sushi bars near this one for a quick and healthy lunch and will return to those but not this one. One plus is that they do have lots of speciality rolls.
5	Great place to come during lunch or dinner. Staff always very friendly. A must try if you are in the area!
5	Great 11.99 all you can eat on Sunday and Monday!  The revolving sushi is shut down but they take your order and make it fresh even better!  Eat anything off menu for same price not as good as Sapporo but 90% there for 1/4 the price of what I ate!  With that in mind they are 5 stars out of 5!
4	Tried this place for lunch. I guess for lunch they don't have enough of a crowd for the revolving to run. I can understand as they have to have a certain amount of customers for the revolving to make sense. Instead they had all you can eat off the menu which covers a lot of ground. Sushi and other traditional items. For the price it's a good value.Had shrimp tempura appetizers. Quite good...small shrimp but crispy and well prepared. Wife had the pork cutlet appetizer also and it was tasty.Dived into the sushi. Surprisingly they had yellowtail on the sushi menu which is one of our favorites. Also had white tuna, masago, spicy tuna, mackerel and red clam. They are a tad heavy on the rice but standard for an all you can eat place.  Wife liked the yellow tail and we had two or three more orders. The eel avocado roll is good also.I went back to the shrimp tempura a few more times. I liked it. Nice crispness. Finished off with fried banana and green tea ice cream.Overall good value and I should be back. After I lose the weight gained here...Oh and you have to go check the restrooms out!
1	Worse place I have been to in scottsdale. First of all, this is not a conveyor belt sushi place. You HAVE to order the all you can eat option which we were told was 9.95. Okay, different but great price. Well, we got our drinks and first round of our sushi order in good time but then never saw our server. When we FINALLY ordered our second round of what we wanted (35 minutes later...seriously) we didn't get half of what we ordered and it took another 20 minutes to get it. Fed up, we left to get our bill which was way higher than we were told ($20 a person) and when we told them about what happened, they just said they are short staffed (which I guess is the guests' fault) and took our card. We didn't have the option to pay only for the food we actually received, or pay what was deserved and fair. No offer to discount, come back again, anything. AVOID. MOST MISERABLE PLACE IN SCOTTSDALE.
1	I honestly don't even know where to begin. We ended up at Akita tonight based on yelp reviewers stating that it's $11.99 all you can eat Sat-Mon. It was a toss up between Geisha's awesome Sunday specials and this. We decided to give someplace new a shot...We sat down, all you can eat dinner menu in hand, no prices in sight, conveyer belt not on.. We ordered a few spring rolls, edamame, the pork cutlet, and a seaweed salad. The only thing that made it out was the salad... When it came to the sushi, every roll that should have been cold was warmer than room temperature (still crossing fingers that we don't get sick). I decided to try and order some appetizers again.. I ordered two spring rolls, two scallops, a calamari tempura and a shrimp tempura. We eventually got ONE spring roll, ONE scallop, and shrimp tempura... No calamari in sight. Okay... Wanting to at least end on a sweet note, we ordered the fried bananas and vanilla ice cream. My thought was to eat the fried banana WITH the ice cream, however, the bananas came out about 10 minutes after the ice cream, therefore, that was already demolished. I felt that even with all of the screw ups, it was almost decent enough to be what I thought would be a $24 bill for two people. WRONG!!! To my surprise, dinner is apparently $19.99 a person, which nearly doubled my expectation. Knowing that I could have had an amazing meal at Geisha for half of what I paid is still not sitting well with me. It is also worth noting that nobody that works here seems to know what they are supposed to be doing. We had three different people taking our orders, which probably explains why we didn't get half of our food. They should really think about giving customers an order sheet/pencil like most other sushi restaurants. It would probably make it much easier on the employees and give the customers a better experience. They should also, perhaps, post prices somewhere. Even if it's just on the big white hand written poster boards taped all over the building advertising the all you can eat special. There was no place to verify prices since there is no website either. In conclusion, Akita really needs to get their sh*t together if they want to stay open. We definitely don't plan on going back anytime soon... If ever...
1	Sadly I had the same experience as the few others below. No revolving bar, no option other than all you can eat. Was told by the waitress that it was 9.95 for the all you can eat sushi. Seemed like plenty of servers and waitresses. Ordered drinks and food, never saw anyone after that. Flagged down servers and they said they'd put in our next order, but we never received it. Then while leaving, not 30 dollars for 3, instead it was almost 70! I complained to the head guy, he said "oh yeah, I know. We had someone call in today." I said "the price isn't right, the girl told us 10 per person." He said "no, it's 20 plus tax". Do they have the term "bait and switch" in Japan? This was a horrible experience. I can't imagine returning.
3	We were greeted promptly, received our menus and were told ONLY all-you-can-eat. The price for this experience is not posted...our server says $20.  The "better" rolls are on the back of the menu.  Miso soup was warm, not hot. Rolls took 10-15 minutes to come to the table. Fish was a bit warm...  Total for 2 people with 2 soda's was $47.
5	Phenomenal service, fresh food, attentive owner/manager/chef/and staff. Huge all-you-can eat menu as well as ability to order off specialty menu. Great meal overall! I would recommend it.
1	I've let shiny things take my money and then leave me with nothing but regret enough times to know better (see: arcade claw machine, trophy wife, etc.) This is another trap. Don't look at the fancy conveyor belt, just run.
5	This place is awesome. Everyone there are so friendly. The way they present their food to us are beautifully done and delicious!
5	Wow would you rather spend 50 bucks at lunch for half the food or spend 25 bucks for 2 people!  All you can eat is fresh made sushi! Spicy tuna is very good and rainbow roll has exactly the right combo of fish ! 11.99 for lunch is great deal!!!! The dinner is 19.99, Some may not eat enough to warranty 20 bucks. Everything in shrimp tempura roll is cooked for you fraddy cats ,And tempura shrimps are fresh made to order when you place your order which is better than revolving sushi folks !
4	A very good deal for the price. Lots of options and food tasty.  A good local place for a casual dinner.  Unlike other reviews, we did not experience any problems with the staff. Everyone friendly and making a good effort.
5	Just had dinner there and this place is legit, I know good sushi from average or touristy pretty well, and these guys worked pretty hard at creating dishes with nice size portions, they didn't skimp on the fish at all, great presentation and everything literally tasted great.  I read the reviews about cleanliess, poor service and average food, and I didn't experience any of that.  I was promptly seated, waited on immediately, and repeatedly asked if I wanted more food.  Once they get busy the wait times to get your dishes will get longer, but that is understandable.  They have a conveyer belt, which was not on, everything was made to order from the menu for $20, and 100% of the items on the menu are included.  There aren't any extras except for drinks.  I will definitely go back there, and I would also bring my kids as it seems like a very family friendly restaurant.
4	I grew up in the area, and drove by this location on Via Linda and 90th almost every day since I was 10 years old. In the last 20 years, this building seems to have the worst luck in the world. It's been several different restaurants over the years, none of which seemed to be particularly successful. I LOVE sushi. I tried Teharu further north at FLW and the 101 and really liked the revolving concept--it was cheap and FAST. Perfect for a quick lunch when you've got a packed day. The sushi there was kinda mediocre, though, so I really only go in anymore when I need that FAST lunch. I was really excited to try Akita to see if they did any better. The first time I went in was within the first two weeks they were open. I was really pleasantly surprised. The prices were almost double what you'd see at Teharu for some things, but the portions were larger and the quality and freshness were much higher. I went in several times after that and really enjoyed each time--the bad luck of this building made me want to go in and spend money there as much as possible... In July, when I finally managed to get my mom over there with me to try it, we were disappointed to see they had just started the all-you-can-eat thing on Sundays and Mondays (it was lunch on a Sunday). While our food was good, it took forever and we had many different servers handling our orders. We eventually got everything we asked for, but it was not the experience I went in there expecting from my many lunch visits. And now, I'm reluctant to go back... I loved the revolving-ness of it for the speed and ability to just pluck up what I want and tally up my plates. Good, fast easy lunch. But if they're going to make me waste my already short lunchtime waiting for the menu items, then I might as well just stay on the freeway for a couple more exits and go to Teharu instead. All in all, if anyone from Akita is listening--I've been in your place enough to be called a "regular" and I really don't think you gave the revolving thing enough time or effort. I'm sure there are ways to figure out what your bestselling items are, and keep those on the conveyor in smaller quantities to avoid waste and then allow people to order those items not on the conveyor a'la carte if they want them. I don't want you to close down--I love your food. But I HATE that you gave up and started the "all you can eat" thing. I think it's a big mistake and I will NEVER come in for the all-you-can eat again. If I walk in and the belt's not moving, I'm walking right back out. Good luck--again, GOOD sushi. Poor strategy. I'd stay away from the all-you-can-eat, but if the belt's moving, it's a treat. :)
5	My girlfriend and I tried this place yesterday based on the "all you can eat sushi" banner and the fairly positive reviews on yelp. We got there around 3 and the staff immediately sat us and walked us through the process. The conveyor belt wasn't on, but that wasn't too surprising given the time of day. The menu is all you can eat from appetizer to dessert and the waitress said try anything you want just don't waste food. We did not think anything of this at first but then we noticed that the top left corner of the second page tells you that if you do not eat all of the food you will be charged accordingly. The food was great, everything was freshly cooked for us. We were able to try several rolls, appetizers, and desserts, and we enjoyed everything we tried. Our bill came out to $30 after taxes including two drinks. Can't beat it. My personal suggestion is to try the miso soup, gyoza, spicy salmon roll, volcano roll, and the deep fried bananas with green tea ice cream (it tasted like Fruity Pebbles!). Overall, a great experience, definitely the first of many for us.
5	Great all you can eat menu!!! Not just sushi but the whole menu!! Only $12 for lunch and $20 for dinner!!The bathrooms are very cool!! Done up like a cave!!I will come here every time I'm in town!!
1	Came here only once for lunch when they first opened...vowed never to come back..I kind of enjoy the conveyor belt sushi concept...as I think of it as the 'fast food' of sushi..On the day we came here, there was hardly anyone in the place and the sushi on the conveyor belt was warm and mushy, like it had been traveling around the conveyor way too long.  Hopefully this new 'all you can eat' concept that they are trying now will help keep them in business...
1	Wow. Not good, I can't even come up with a better statement than that. The sushi wasn't fresh...
4	came here for lunch and really enjoyed the food and service.   you get a variety of food options from the all you can eat lunch menu including appetizers, sushi, teriyaki, udon, asst'd fried rice, specialty rolls and desserts.    I can't believe they only charge $12.00 for lunch.   super friendly and attentive staff.  this is a great place for large groups and fun for kids.  I'll be back for sure!
5	This place is amazing. I haven't tried anything on their menu I didn't like yet. The staff is polite and friendly, and the service is very quick. Be sure to try their eggplant teriyaki - it's exceptional and I haven't had anything like it elsewhere. This is definitely my go to sushi place from now on!
4	Don't let the cheap exterior deter you. It is much nicer inside! With any all you can eat place, there is an understandable compromise of quality, and most people going to the restaurant understand that. With Akita, the sushi was definitely good enough to come back. By no means are you getting world class rolls, but they are just as good as other places, and for only $12 for lunch, it's a steal.The restaurant was clean, and the staff was very attentive.If you don't want to spend $100 on incredible sushi, then you should definitely go to this place and eat to your hearts delight.
5	They have all of you can eat sushi for lunch and dinner now. The restaurant will start doing the revolving sushi bar arounf fall or winter. I just got out of the restaurant and I'm stuffed. The eel roll, salmon teriyaki and salmon nigiri tasted so fresh and amazing. You can eat until you can't walk anymore for just $12. I have never seen that price for sushi. The waitress was very kind, courteous and super friendly. This is the second time that I've been here and I absolutely love that place. Definitely coming back soon.
2	I went for lunch when they opened and the revolving selections were great. It was a little pricey but delicious. Went back after they switched to all u can eat and I think they went in the wrong direction. I guess the revolving business model failed so they took a risk and went to the gluttony tactic.  They no longer use the revolving at all.  The food was ok if you like tiny thin pieces of sushi on top of massive pieces of rice. The rolls were a little better but on the Rainbow Roll the Avocado was the edge of browning. I hope they find a better balance between quality and quantity but they are not there yet. Buyer beware.
5	This place is a dream come true to me. 12 bucks for unlimited amounts of everything on the menu. Obviously its not going to be the pinnacle of sushi but it's still tasty refreshing sushi. All the servers were very friendly and supportive of any egregious amount you want to order. Filling and satisfying. I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this place.
5	Great sushi for the price!  Service was great, the fish was fresh.  All in all a very enjoyable experience.  No complaints and will come back again.
4	Love this new place! Sashimi on the all you can eat menu is amazing! Great selection, small bites! Bonus- booths hold up to 8 people easily!!
5	This place is amazing. Seriously I am telling everyone to go here. You will have great fresh sushi without paying the typical high Scottsdale price. The white tuna is delicious. We also get crab wontons and they are amazing. Everything else we have tried is great but those are our favorites. They don't have any really fancy or exotic rolls but they have everything traditional. I was concerned that at the price point (13 lunch and 20 dinner) the food would not be fresh. It is and this is our 6th trip here in the last 2 months. I won't go anywhere else for sushi even though there are several places closer to us. Check it out!
5	Great value and yummy sushi. When we walked in for dinner everyone was very nice and accommodating definitely worth the 19.99 for unlimited sushi! Yum
5	It may not look like much from the outside, but inside is clean with nice decor. I have not found a better value in sushi anywhere either. All you can eat sushi can be a little suspect, but this place delivers on quality for the money. Order anything on the menu and they will bring out as much as you want. And it's not just thrown on a plate. They make it look nice also. I tried eel for the first time and I enjoyed it, and since you don't pay per item, it's easier to try something new. The sweetheart roll and volcano roll were especially good. I will definitely go back, and maybe try something else I've never had.
4	Great service. Good sushi. All you can eat.  What's not to like? Went for lunch and had a wide assortment of FRESHMADE sushi and rolls.  No buffet here.  The waitress takes your order and then they make it up.  Will definitely be back.
5	The food is diverse and good tasting. All you can eat is really inexpensive to have a big dinner!
5	This is my first Yelp review and after eating at Akita tonight, I just had to rave about how amazing the experience was. I have no idea how they can charge $20 for unlimited all-you-can-eat sushi, including sashimi!! I had a variety of sashimi (tuna, yelllowtail and salmon), rolls (Philly roll, spicy salmon hand roll, spicy tuna hand roll) and nigiri (white tuna). It was all really really good and some of it (the salmon and spicy tuna/salmon) was exceptional. The sashimi cuts are great and the nigiri is wonderful (no skimpy fish on top of huge rice balls here).The service was awesome, too, with friendly staff coming in to check on us and make sure we had everything we needed.Seriously, go check this place out...I REALLY hope they are around for a long time. It's fabulous!
4	I went here for the first time for lunch and I have to say that I was pretty impressed! This restaurant is no longer a revolving sushi bar, however it is all you can eat. For lunch the prices were great - $12 a person.  The menu is kind of tricky to figure out at first because there are no prices or guidance for what you can order -- but you can order anything off the menu without restriction, and as many times as you want.  Each item comes in a small portion so they suggest you try it first before ordering multiple orders.  We went with the classic edamame, gyoza and shrimp tempura for apps, as well as miso soup and avocado salad.  The gyoza was one of my favorites and I thought it was well executed - crispy on the outside and flavorful on the inside.  They have a decent selection of sushi rolls and nigiri and I thought the quality of the salmon nigiri was actually really good.  My mom wanted the chicken katsu cutlet and that was dry and tough, I definitely wouldn't order that again.  Dessert was delicious - fried bananas and green tea ice cream. :)Can't wait to bring my husband back here -- I'm sure he would love to eat his heart out!
5	All you can eat and good quality.  Went with a friend for his birthday and had a blast!  It's an all you can eat menu NOT a buffet.  I was pleasantly suprised to find that all the rolls are made fresh to order!  Great place I will be back as often as I can convince my lunch crew to go.  Happy hour specials and dinner look good too but haven't been at those times yet.
3	Nah, I've had better.  Came here for lunch and the "revolving" was not revolving. Instead, we were given a menu of what's available, from appetizers to sushi to udon, ramen, fried rice, dessert.  It was still all "you can eat" for $11.95.  We ordered from the appetizers, lots of fried, breaded items, it was great for the kids who were with us.  We got sushi, it was nice and fresh.  We got udon to share and it was okay, not enough noodles.   Green tea ice cream was the best part!  Fried bananas were over breaded.  Service was slow, they had one souz chef making sushi, appetizers took a long time and server forgot our orders, she barely spoke English.  May not come back, maybe for the green tea ice cream only...
5	Best all you can eat sushi place I've ever been to! No limit on the specialty rolls or sashimi! Great Sake selection as well. Though, my favorite part has to be the waitresses, they are lively, funny, and great at their jobs! I am definitely coming back.
2	When this place first opened, I was excited to have a revolving sushi place so close to my work. Revolving sushi is usually inexpensive, and makes for a good lunch to break up the monotony of the work week. We didn't have a chance to check it out until this weekend, and I don't think I'll be going back.I guess the whole revolving thing bombed for them, so they went to an all-you-can-eat menu. Good in theory, but in practice, it left much to be desired. It's $11.95 a person, and the menu has everything from various appetisers (gyozas, yakitori, edamame, etc) to soups, fried rice and udon entrees, to sushi. I just wasn't impressed with anything, really. Our server was nice, but the food just wasn't worth it. We got tempura shrimp, and stir-fried seafood udon to start. The tempura was ok, but nothing special, but the udon was squishy, and lacking flavour. For sushi, we got the eel and avocado roll, the spicy yellowtail and the shrimp tempura roll. None of it was anything to write home about. I've had better. Way better. I guess for $28 the amount of food we got was ok, but when I really had to choke it down, it just wasn't worth it.
4	I am typically not the biggest fan of buffets as I think quality tends to take a backseat to gluttonous quantity. Akita is a great exception. The sushi and sashimi taste pretty great, especially for Arizona. And the pricing is very competitive. Lunch is $12!! Hopefully that will discourage people from feeling obligated to gorge. Try it! Service is great too.
5	This place is awesome. All you can eat sushi for so cheap. Came here for a work dinner and it was all you can eat off the whole menu for $20. We decided to come back for lunch a few days later on Saturday and it was all you can eat for $11.99. Great service and food.
4	I've been twice to Akita for their all you can eat sushi! I will definitely return. The sushi is good and the service as well. Their all you can eat sushi is a deal and they have a lunch and dinner menu. Lunch-$12Dinner- $20Definitely worth the cost.Check it out. All you can eat includes... Appetizers, soups, variations of noodles and fried rice and of course sushi.... Ohh wait don't forget ice-cream and fried bananas!!!!
4	Great place for sushi.  It's AYCE fished price for the entire menu.  You can also pay for the Dinner selection for lunch, which is what I always do, extra $8 for dinner selection, but you get unagi (eel) sushi, sashimi, and more specialty rolls.  Also you can get oysters.There appeitizers are good and the portions are small for noodle/soup dishes and cooked dishes so that makes it easier to try several things.Now is the sushi as good as Hiro downt eh street, no, but for the price the quality is higher than a AYCE Chinese place that servers sushi.  I'm a fan of both places.
4	Surprisingly good food.  Excellent service and prompt preparation of food from sushi chefs and kitchen.   Not very busy on a Saturday night which makes me wonder if they'll be around for a while.  I'm sure that our bill at a regular sushi restaurant would have been $100+ but the tab for the two of us was $40 plus tip.
5	Excellent staff, fresh sushi...
5	All you can eat menu, for a huge variety of Asian dishes along with a great variety of fish ! Great kind staff and ownership. Dinner and lunch is great here ! We come here every week to get our sushi fix  !
4	I've been reading about Akita Sushi for the past few months and finally had an opportunity to take my son there last Saturday. It was a good experience and we enjoyed the variety, friendly service and $11.95 all you can eat menu for a weekend lunch. Appetizers were hot and freshly made to order,  so it took longer than. expected, but that was okay and understable since there wasn't an empty table there. A plus was that half of the tables were occupied by other Asian people. That's always a good sign when going into an Asian restaurant!what I liked is that it was not a buffet with troughs of pre-made food. The menu had a large selection and you could order as much and as often as you like. Portions are small but that was ok, so you get a chance to sample more. Just be sure to not order more than you can eat because they can charge you for items you don't finish. When you get your bill, everything you ordered is itemized with a cost of $0.00 next to each dish you ordered.  If you don't eat it all, there will be a price other than $0 there for the dish you did not finish.  I was happy this wasn't just an all you can eat California roll place. There was a large variety of appetizers to choose from and good selection of sushi and rolls. I've had better but not for $12 and the sushi was not bad at all. The same selection  we had at any other sushi bar would have cost us $75 + easily. The drinks were an additional $1.99 each. I read in previous reviews that drinks were included for $11.95, so maybe this is a weekend thing or just a change in the pricing?We will definitely be going back in the future.
4	Went her with my wife and 2 yr old for lunch.  The place is big and they have a revolving track for sushi.  I don't think they use it anymore.  Back to lunch. The server handed us a menu and we looked at it.  There were no prices.  I asked our server why there went any prices.  She told us, everything on the menu is ayce and it's $11.99.  I could not believe it .  This menu had sushi, tempura, soups, salads and many more items.  Now let me just say that when you order sushi it's by the piece, as well as there temura.  Sushi and rice ratio is perfect.The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that they don't have scallops for sushi.  Dinner is $19.99 and is a way bigger menu with sashimi on it.If you're in the neighborhood you should really check this place out.  It's only an ayce place, so don't think you can go in and buy one item because you will be paying full price for the ayce.
4	All you can eat lunch is $11.99!!!A group of us from work (all of them are Japanese) went for lunch the other day.Not the best sushi but their food was great for the price.We tried everything on the sushi menu.I would recommend avoiding noodles (ramen or udon).  Broth was weak and noodle wasn't what I am used to see as ramen or udon.Bathroom was clean, interesting decor.Service was good, they kept coming back to refill our drinks and took additional orders.
5	Just enjoyed Akita Sushi's all you can eat lunch. It was awesome! They do not cut any corners on the selection of food available on the all you can eat lunch menu and it is a great deal! We really enjoyed all of our food and the service couldn't be better.
5	Quality Sashimi cold thick piecesGreat Sushi rollsAll you can eat dinner for $22Great bargain great place to go
3	This place is growing on me. They had a good selection of special rolls.  Quality for all you can eat was very good and everything is made to order. Rainbow roll was very good. Seaweed salad was fresh. They were busy and it took a long time for sushi (30 minutes) so next time I'm going earlier or later rather than right at lunch. But overall great value and I hope this place keeps up the quality of the food ! Also nice dessert included - green tea ice cream and fried bananas - delicious.
5	I have been to many sushi restaurants, and this one is just amazing!!!  tbh- they have the best quality sushi, appetizers,etc,...  and service.. YUMMY My love!!!  going there again!!!! Deserts were wonderful!! Thank you Akita Sushi:)
5	Party of 11, including 5 kids.  All you can eat everything and everyone was happy.  Highly recommend.
5	Good food, enjoyed every dish we ordered. Best was crazy volcano.... Followed byRainbow roll...
5	Never once has my cup been almost empty, they fill it before I can even ask for more! I'm never left waiting to have my order taken. Everyone who works there is super pleasant.    And the food of course, is delicious :)
4	Finally an all-you-can-eat sushi place in Scottsdale. I could not wait to give this place a try.  Thanks YH!Upon entering I was greeted by the host who did not seem very happy to see me but was cordial. I was alone and chose a seat at the sushi bar. I was expecting it to be crowded but I was actually the only person sitting at the bar. After looking at some of the pictures posted on this site and trying to find some of them on the lunch menu, I realized that a lot of the nice rolls you see pictured are on the dinner menu.  That is completely understandable since the lunch price is a ridiculously low $11.99. I ordered the Eel Avocado and Yoshinko rolls, as well as some standard nigiri tuna, white tuna, salmon and yellowtail. I eat quite a bit of sushi in quite a lot of restaurants and this is certainly standard quality, but  the value for the price is outstanding.  Please keep in mind what little you pay at this place when you come in and give a critical review about the presentation and quality.The service was very good, the sushi chefs were pleasant and overall I like the atmosphere of this place. The location is conveniently a one minute drive off the 101 freeway.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying dinner. That price is a whopping $20.  Also looking forward to seeing what rolls are offered on that menu.  I would recommend raising the lunch price and offering a better assortment of rolls. And honestly I think dinner should probably be in the $25-$30 range.  Even then you could get "sushi drunk" and still only pay what you would typically pay for two full-sized rolls.  Food coma! I just had some top-notch sushi and sashimi with a friend at Roka Akor.  It's nice to pay for that quality sometimes, but it's also nice to hit a place like Akita and go big for a small price!  Roka will run you 10-15 times the cost of Akita. Be sure and tip well. I typically give 50% and take care of the chefs in AYCE places. Personally I feel guilty eating a ton of sushi and paying $25!  Give this place a try and enjoy!  Arigato!
