4	Three words:  Bloody.  Mary.  Bar.Feeling a bit hungover on Saturday morning and itching for the hair of the dog, my friends and I head over to FuNuGyz on the recommendation of my buddy Ian (who always has good taste).  Build your own bloody mary for just $2 with well vodka, $3 with Skyy?  Heck yes.  They have every hot sauce, seasoning, condiment, and veggie imaginable to make your drink bomb.You must order their bacon and peanut butter burger, but only if you really like peanut butter.  Sounds disgusting, tastes delicious.  The cream cheese jalapeno burger is a winner as well.I would have to come back and check out the scene in the evening to grant this place the full 5 stars.
4	Alright I love this place and have been going since they opened. They carry PBR in a can so in my opinion that's all that matters. I am kidding...They have a great menu and the food is always delicious. They get all the UFC fights and don't charge a cover like most places do. If you are showing up for the fights make sure you get there two hours early. My only grip is that they call them selves a sports bar however when I go in there they play the music over all the sports games. So no luck hearing whats going on. Kinda takes away from the game a little.
4	Saturday night is ladies night, $1.50 well drinks...need I say more???
4	Daytime drinker?  This is your place.  Newish, clean bar that has a somewhat sportsbar feel to it.  Menu is diverse with breakfast all day, the usual pub fare for apps & entrees, and their taplist (thankfully) includes at least one Arizona beer and Murphy's Irish Stout.Service was very friendly - the sort that involves a friendly look in the eye, handshake, and "hello my name is... welcome, and what can I get you to drink?".Mozz sticks/wedges were homemade and simply one of the best examples I've had in years.  The breading is crumbly, herbed, and similar to what you might expect on fried chicken.  Homemade potato chips were ultra thin and crispy, though somehow they retain a large volume of grease.  A healthy mixture of people were here for their daytime drinking.  Both white and blue collar folks, mostly younger, but there was also a retirement aged ladies table having a great time.  I would have appreciated more happy hour savings for being there at that hour but the nice atmosphere and service was worth it.  I've never been here at night when it could be much busier.
2	Went here on Saturday night with my husband and his friends and it was OK, nothing amazing, the food was ehhhh but they have good mozzarella sticks, there are TVs everywhere so if you are a sports buff(as I am not) then this would be a place for you, not my scene.
5	Awesome food and great daily happy hour specials that seem to run longer than most places.  Great for pre drinking or after a night out.  It's rare that a sports bar has such awesome food but myself and my girlfriend love everything we've eaten here.  Highly recommend the thai chicken pita.  So delicious.The service has always been great when we go.  There are 40 inch HDtv's everywhere.  We counted 24 or so.  Only wish they'd pipe in the audio from the games more instead of music all the time.  Can't have everything I guess!
4	Went here for happy hour with some friends after work a couple of times. The service was great,  the atmosphere was pretty cool and the food was better than expected. The specials are decent - they give discounts to all you teachers out there on Tuesday nights.If you are looking for a chill sports bar to watch some games, eat some bar food and hang out with some friends I would definitely check it out :)
5	So...our first trip here was AMAZING.  We had the sweetest waitress who explained to us the meaning of the restaurant and how to properly pronounce it.  We called in FUN-YOU-GUYZ...it's actually fanoogeez.She brought over free shots.  POINTS!!!  So we weren't sure what to order to I order the BLAT.  Bacon, lettuce, avocado and tomato on sourdough.  Amazing.  Hubby orders the nachos (half order) and she brings them to the table and they're about to topple over.  Amazing tortilla chips, GREEN CHILE, chicken...the works.  We joked about the Mexican cooking in the back and how great he did.  She said actually that's a white boy back there cooking.  Well...that white boy can make some awesome green chile.  We go there at least once a week now.  We've had our share of snooty waitresses (like we were interrupting their day) so we stopped going for a while.  Then I started craving their Brunch Burger (burger with an fried egg on top - I get mine smothered in green chile).  Now we have our favorite waitress so we're back to twice a week (with football Sundays).  Things to try:  BLAT, Bruch Burger, FRIED MUSHROOMS, NACHOS, ALL THEIR BURGERS, their Greek salad, their buffalo chicken salad, green chile cheese fries, trio of dips, grand slam platter (Fridays they're half off), their onion rings are awesome.  I have yet to try their wings.Sat and Sun they have a bloody mary bar.  I've had once.  I was amazed at the stuff they have for their bloody marys.We go there as a family but they always make my brother leave at a certain timebut I guess rules are rules.They have UFC fights for free but you better get there early.  Sunday football is packed but so fun.  They have a raffle for football jerseys.
4	If someone ask you, "have you been to FuNuGyz's yet" you should say one of only two things; 1) "why yes I've been there, it's a really great sports bars with really good food!" or 2) "nope, can't say I've been their but after reading this Yelp review I can't wait to go!"I know what your thinking, ok this is yet another sports bar place that "claims" to have good food.  But this place has fresh food food prepared daily, none of that day old ~ frozen stuff served here as you'll find in most sports bars & restaurants throughout the Phoenix Metro.  For starters, the service was terrific! Amanda was one of the best servers ever, very attentive and helpful. This place is very clean and has a great ambiance. One of my colleagues order the Gilled Mahi Mahi Taco's.  He said they were very good and filling.  The waitress stated they have 99 cent fish tacos on Friday's, so I know where to find him now on Fridays ;-)My other co-worker had the Fat Boy ~ the name says it all.  It was a burger covered with blue cheese, veggies and BACON! It looked very good as well.  Someone recommended he get the Fat Boy and he loved it. I had the the Fatty Melt ~ carb loaded burger that had "deliciousness" written all over it!  Check it out; it had a good, not great but good (needed more seasoning) burger topped with sauteed onions between TWO GRILLED CHEESE sandwiches! Oh yeah! You get to choose how you want your burger cooked and what type's of cheeses and toppings.  I chose their homemade chips, which I highly recommend over their fries! They are yummy!I could not finish my Fatty Melt and chips, only ate half.  I would order this again in a heart beat (that is if I still have a heart beat after eating this burger) but share it with someone.   It's a great place to watch sports and hang out with your friends.  They have several specials throughout the week, so ask about them when you go.
4	Kick ass place not to loud, have a few gray hairs eating there dinner, bit overall it's a fun place for a cocktail and good food.
4	great drink specials
4	FuNuGyz is my new go-to spot for lunch in the west valley.  The burgers are excellent, but my favorites are just about anything that comes out of the deep-fryer.  They have awesome homemade fried mozzarella - you must try it!  Service is generally good and the beer is cold.  What more could you want?
5	Great Food, wonderful people. VERY Clean.  I love hanging out with Friends and there is a great Salon next door for last minute cuts.  Service is Generally good and they support the local schools with Sponsoring sports....
4	Great food. Wings are huge and tasty. The green chili is also good. Try the chicken nachos with the green chili on it. Yummy! Drinks are made well and prices are reasonable.
5	NOTE: PLEASE READ ALL OF MY REVIEW. ...........My opinion has changed. We have been going here for over 3 years, so I know what their food should be like.Funugyz 'TKO' chicken wings are excellent! They are some of the biggest wings I have had. The Boulder Gold sauce is very spicy with tons of flavor. Their Nachos are huge! My GF and I can split a half order and be satisfied. I hate getting nachos and finding nothing under the top layer. Once you get through the top layer of these nachos, there are more toppings and so on, down to the bottom. The Black Jack  burger is also very good. With Cajun seasoning, anaheim peppers, bacon, chipotle mayo, and cheddar cheese, the burger is full of flavor. I like my burgers medium-rare and they always arrive cooked that way.The wings are some of the best in town! Not cheap at all, but at least twice the size of others in town. The Colorado gold (?) sauce is fantastic!And believe it or not, their Mexican food is very good. The red chili sauce has that earthy, smokey flavor that real sauce should have. Amazing stuff!Lots of TVs and they have trivia to get your competitive blood going. The servers are excellent.UPDATE #1........Went  a few weeks ago to have the wings and was very disappointed. They were the size of any other wing (smaller than usual), but the price was not smaller. My GF had the breakfast skillet and it was smaller and dry. There is green chili sauce on it, but this time there was A minimal amount. I asked the server about the wings and the green chili sauce. She said the wings were the same size (!) and that she would bring my GF some sauce for her skillet. The wings were half the size, and when I got the bill, the server had charged me for a side of grn chili. I got the manager over and he ws nice enough to take the side if sauce off the bill. UPDATE #2...............................Went back last week and my GF and I both had the enchilada plate, which we have had other times. Smaller portions, minimal enchilada sauce, and again, they wanted to charge us for any extra sauce. I asked the server about the food and she seemed very uninterested...UPDATE #3..............................Went back a few weekends ago on a Saturday night. There were only about 25 people inside- not good for a Sat night. All screens were on football as usual. I asked a server if we could get one (out of 30) screen on NTN (trivia) and just have drinks. She acted like I was pulling teeth. Big sigh and the look of being So bothered. I just told her we'd spend our money somewhere else......We really tried, but we won't go back again,
5	I LOVE FunuGyz!  It's one of my favorite bars in the area!  Food is great, and they play awesome music!  During the week, they usually have classic rock going, which makes my heart super happy.  As far as the food goes, it's fairly decent for "bar food".  I love that they mail 1 cent coupons for beer!  Keep 'em comin!
4	this place has a laid back atmosphere (more like a sportsbar) but has very good food. Huge portions. The wings are awesome, huge and tons of flavor no matter which of the over a dozen you try. Boulder Gold and Coconut Thai are two of my faves, dressed and crispy. The sandwiches and burgers are killer too.
2	Came here 1st time on 11/6 bcuz the bar we initially wanted to go to lost it's liqour license, was closed and we wanted to watch football.  had heard of this place some time ago and thought we'd check it out.  found a table right away, server came right away and we were  pleased with our choices.  got the nickelback chicken tenders with fries, cheese wedges and the pretzels.  the four large pieces of chicken and fries that arrived and the honey garlic dipping sauce I chose tasted great.  the cheese wedges were really good and the soft pretzels good as well. wanted to watch games again this weekend and brother-in-law wanted to check this place out based upon what we had told him.  Unfortunately our experience was not the same as first time.  We had the same server, who was great again, but the food this time definitely was lacking.  Ordered the wings and chose medium.  Was surprised to see just how large they were when they arrived.  WOW!  Too bad they didn't taste as good as they were presented.  The skin was soggy and chewy and the medium buffalo sauce had a sweet taste, not medium buffalo taste.  Even meat was chewy.  Ick!Also ordered the Grand Slam which had 3 large deep fried mushrooms, your choice of cheese, chicken (what we got) or ground beef quesadilla, potatoe skins, chicken strips and a small pile of green chili nachos.  if there was anything else don't remember.  potatoe skins were ok, chicken strips were thin, overfried slabs, 3 mushrooms, nothing too exciting, chicken quesadilla was loaded with chicken and somewhat tasty.  green chili nachos just ok, again nothing to write home about.when server asked how we were, expressed our dismay and she got owner/manager to come over.  told him our first experience there was pretty good but today's experience was very, very disappointing.  he listened and apologized, removed wings from our check and gave each of us drink cards for next visit which was nice of him.  Thank you!
3	I love this place, I love the bloody mary buffet style on Saturday's and Sunday's. The trivia they play on weekends is always a ton of fun with friends. Reason for the 3 stars - they allow kids into the bar. I get it; you want some good family time and a couple of drinks, but I really don't think this is the atmosphere for children. Also, their food is mediocre .... but the beer and bloody mary's make up for that  :)
4	I really like this place .... we've been there twice (once during football Sunday and once on a random weekday) and both times, really enjoyed the food and the service.  We just moved from Maryland recently and I graduated from the University of Maryland so I loved our UMD alum server too!  Yum yum wings and there are PLENTY of TVs throughout the restaurant, including TV & sound on their outdoor patio.  I would definitely recommend; however, if you're going for football, go early to guarantee yourself a table.
4	I needed a place closer to my buddy's house to have some beers and watch the Super Bowl so we googled and found FuNuGyz (I definitely asked how to say it, and it's based on one of my favorite acronyms 'FNG,' which I am NOT explaining on this family forum :), and you pronounce it "foo-noo-gees.").  Plenty of seating, lots of tvs, and a bloody mary bar!!!  I wish more places would let me make my own cocktails because I am so picky, so I'm always stoked to see a bloody mary bar.  Just wish it had bacon and cocktail shrimp because those are two of my favorite add-ons.Anyway, our server was Caitlin who was nice enough to follow me around while I chose the best spot for football viewing.  After my buddy arrived, Caitlin and I sassed him about his girly drink and a good laugh was had all around.  We are both smokers, so we wound up outside on the patio, and she very kindly brought our food and drinks out to us.  We just had the triple dip and chips, which is a chili dip, a queso dip, and a bean dip.  It was great with beers and there was plenty of dip to go around.I don't go to sports bars for the food, so this review may not satisfy your hunger.  But if you want a bunch of draft and bottled beers, friendly service, lots of seating and tv-watching options, this place is a winner.
3	The food was good for the price.The service from our primary server, who was on her third day of training, was not good.  It seemed like it was her first day of serving, ever...and she acted like she was there doing a favor for someone.  She was nice when she came to our table but did not have a clue.  She walked by our table at least a half dozen times after our food was served and never even acknowledged us.  Her trainer was friendly and did what she was suppose to do (except follow up on her trainee).The other two servers at the restaurant didn't seemed too interested in their work.  They seemed to just go through the motions.There are plenty of tv's, being that it is a sports bar, and every seat had a view of at least a couple of tv's.I have found that the music at most sports bars is either perfect or loud.  The music at Funugyz was on the loud side, especially since about 20% of their customers looked to be at the retirement age (it was Tuesday late afternoon - they probably have a younger crowd as it get later).It's not a bad place, but it's not the type of restaurant that I would visit again.
3	I had visions of the ghost of Harry Caray dancing in my brain, the day had been consumed with downers and baseball, cartoon drunks hyped on the American dream, we were chasing it where it lay somewhere buried in the heart of the west side, strip malls and freeways. It was a glorious windy day for an LA Dodgers versus the DBacks spring training game at the former's stadium in Glendale. Drunk and raving at the equally rabid dodgers fans there was no time to eat, only to refuel on beer and hatred, and after beating them for 8 straight innings we both decided that it was high time to leave our seats and quest for food.  After a quick jaunt down the freeway, and at my friend's recommendation we sought out Fannooogieez (true spelling). We stumbled out of my friends cluttered Saturn, smoke billowing out of the interior ala Cheech/Chong and practically crawled inside. The place is your standard garden variety family friendly sort of westside sports bar. There were a cluster of black motorcycles parked on the sidewalk, and an empty patio as we sauntered up to the entrance, inside hunkered numerous tables sparsley populated with slavering sports fans eyes glued to the various television screen idols. I stared numbly and followed inside to a large booth and plopped down exhuastedly. It took a while but eventually our lackadaisical server came around, but in that interim that seemed like an eternity to my ravenous stomach, we had occupied ourselves with a trivia game playing to no one in particular on one of the tube screens, until another player signed in and started kicking our asses. We were starting to feel pretty smug about our ability until "Brady" signed in. Scanning the bar, covertly mind you, we couldnt find any other players. We focused on the game, getting progressivley behind, and more vociferous. There seemed to be an inverse relationship between our trivia score and our bar tab, one went up, the other went down. Finally I couldn't take being emasculated by this repugnant Brady any longer, I feigned a cigarette break (our score so far behind any more seemed..well..trivial). As I stood up and stretched I scanned the bar, each face intently, I gave the bar an "occular pat down" if you will and successively cleared each individual, and then it dawned on me. Brady was no mere mortal, we were competing against the AI itself. This was realized after about 3 rounds and over an hour or so of furitvely stealing glances at our fellow patrons suspiciously. I felt foolish, but consoled myself with the places decidedly good chicken wings. In the end, all that mattered was that I knew in my heart and soul, that if the moon were made of a plate of barbecued chicken wings I would eat it, heck I'd go back for seconds!
4	Great food, selection of  beers and service keeps me coming back. Try the the Poncho Villa (aka: Mexican Hamburger).
1	I had not been in this place in a while and decided to try it with my boyfriend. We sat down and waited and then waited for a waitress to take our drink order. However, there were plenty of people at the bar and managing other projects that obviously worked there. No one bothered to help with customer service. We got the 1 beer and water and while we waited again for a very long time to order we decided to try some place else. The beer on tap was lukewarm.
4	My hubs and I started going there sometimes once a week...the food is very good, prices are reasonable and the service is pretty good....Happy hour is the best! 5$ Apps and 2$ wells!  3-7 m-f...love it! It is your typical sports bar with a resaurant menu which is very good! My only dislike is that they have no signature drink menu...love to drink something that has been created by the bar!
5	Love this place.  Great Service and great food!! UFC Fans $5 fights..   Update as of 8-25-13.  Service is worse not by fault of staff they are over worked most nights and understaffed.   quality of food has dropped to just ok 3 stars
5	I wish I could give them more stars. I have been visiting this bar for 3 years now and I haven't found anyplace better for free poker, UFC, and friendly service.On a personal note, the place changed ownership in early 2011 and the previous owner had made a commitment to host a charity tournament to raise money for a friend's funeral.  Without hesitation the new owners honored the commitment and donated a substantial amount of their own money because they are just good hearted people. I had already visited the bar for 2 years at this point, but after their generosity it's my first and only choice for any sports bar activity. The owners and staff all really get to know the clientele. Most of the staff Rose, Andreah, Erika are fantastic and speedyFood - the following items are ordered often by myself or my friends Nickelback Attack Chicken Fingers - I'm partial to the Asian BBQ sauceCatalina Chicken Sandwich (uses the Asian BBQ)BLAT Bacon, Lettuce, Avocado and TomatoChili MACNachos - note the serving is HUGE!Brunch BurgerSlidersTacosThe drinks are reasonably priced, and especially strong when Megan's at the barIf you go, ask for a Tweeter shot
4	This place has been one of our favorite places to eat, drink and watch the games. Their happy hour is great with $2 wells and $2.50 drafts. The burgers and wings are pretty good. The breakfast is pretty decent and the weekend bloody mary bar is the best way to start a Sunday morning while watching football. We will definitely be coming back many more times.
5	Staff is always attentive and friendly and on occasion the owner stops by to chit chat and see how service and food is, which is nice to see! Rose and Brandon are always a pleasure to be around and give great service and conversation! Food is excellent as usual, great menu for a bar! Friday happy hour is outstanding, and the bar is not crazy loud even though it is very busy!
5	best chili rellenos in town!  and we know rellenos.
4	Living on the "other side of the mountain" depended on Yelpers and other reviews to find a casual place to go to watch the game and get a bite to eat near Glendale.  FuNuGyz did not disappoint! Lots of TV screens, great wings (which they even grilled for me!) and the beer was ice cold! Poker games going on in the back, Trivia and sports going on the TV's and Karoake starting right after end of game! Appreciated they held Karoake til the game over (ended late....which some places refuse to do) and even servers who were not assigned to us stopped by to see if we needed anything! YEA! :) Bathrooms large and clean, atmosphere casual and friendly and able to see multiple TV's from every angle! Thanks yelpers for the reviews...you never let me down! :) Will DEFINATELY go back .... when I am on that side of town!! :)
3	Sat down and no one came to greet us at the table. Had to get the manager after about 10 mins of waiting.  Food was okay, manger came back to check on us which was really nice.  Will have to try it again when they are a little bit more busy, as there was may about a total of 15 people there and about 2 or 3 waitress beside the manager who was tending bar there.
3	Great for UFC fights & $1 taco Mondays.  However, since new management has made changes to the menu same items different combo's or lack of... U still pay same prices for items such as burgers and all their sandwiches don't come with fries anymore same price.  Quality well isn't as good.    Staff is  great but most nights they are way understaffed and it takes forever!!  Still average better service then others in the area...
5	I love this place. Can't go wrong with 3$ Bloody Mary bar, captain crunch French toast.. Megan behind the bar is outstanding.   I don't think there is anything I've tried off the menu I didn't like. Wings are awesome (love their siracha honey sauce) and their chili Mac and cheese is phenomenal. Plenty of TVs and seating. Only downside is they won't play the sound of any games that are on.
2	The food is good, but service wasn't. We were there for dinner on a Sunday night. It was dead. It took a long time for the waitress to notice we were there. We placed our order, but what really irritated me was the way the whole experience ended with the bill. We had their $20 groupon, which allows us to have $20 off our bill. The waitress took the groupon and returned with the bill. She only took $10 off.  We waited for about 10 minutes before I stood up and waived at her. I explained the groupon was for $20 off, not $10. She said, "No, you bought the $10 groupon." To which I told her to find the groupon we printed out that says $20 off. The fact that this restraunt is nearly always on groupon with the same deal for the last year or so makes it even more frustrating she wanted to argue about the groupon's value. Then she said after I pointed out of the groupon the value that she would have to check with her manager. I told her to note that the groupon was a month away from expiring. They corrected the mistake, but talk about frustrating. I don't care to go back. Additionally, if it weren't for the groupon I would never have gone to this place. Their food is way over priced. They charge separately for fries or whatever side you get, which causes your bill be much higher than other places with the same kind of food.
2	Bloody Mary was great!Service was ok........Breakfast was BAD........Hashbrowns soggy and greasy, toast stale and like it was spread with oil with a basting brush.  Eggs were ok and you can't really ruin bacon .........used to be our favorite place.  NOT ANY MORE !!
2	Service was horrible! !  Order 24 wings and didn't receive on drumlet.  My 7 year old sons burger was pink inside.  When I told the waitress it was raw she got smart.  Then the General Manager came by to apologize.  But he was disinterested in my complaint. So why even come over and waste my time.  Then I asked who the owner was and the same manager came back and said he was the owner.  I don't have time for all the games.
3	Good food, found them on IDine. Lots of TV so great sports bar but I was trying to have a conversation.
5	This place gets 5 stars just for the "make your own Bloody Mary bar" !!! Sweet love.. Or spicy I should say!
3	Hubby and I stopped in here for dinner.  It's very industrial with the open ceiling and poured concrete floors.  When you walk in - the bar is to the right (no room at the bar tonight).  Behind that is a few rows of high tops of varying sizes.  Behind those are regular tables for four, but, could easily be put together to accommodate a larger group.  And finally come the booths which is where we sat.  They have buzzztime trivia so we ordered a happy hour libation and a game box each.  Hubby's beer was $2.50 and my Chardonnay which was quite nice and a generous pour was $3.  The menu included many appetizers and then burgers, sandwiches, salads and soups and that's all I remember.  Hubby had a burger and said it was quite good although he was not a fan of the bun.  I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich which came with swiss cheese, tomato, red onion, lettuce, and avocado.  The bread was fine but the chicken was a little on the thin side and the tomato and avocado seemed a little over ripe for my taste. However the French fries were fantastic!  They came with a little cup of ranch dressing which was just the ticket.  They were crispy, great consistency and had a little bit of a peppery zing to them.  Very nice!  We finished off the order with not a morsel left!We played three games of Countdown and hubby came in #1, #2 and #6 on the local board and #1 in the country on the last game!  Yeah - fun to play with a smarty pants!There were about 21 flat screen TV's  so every table had a good sight line.  They were very accommodating in changing one of the TV's for us to trivia.  Service was good and friendly.  We'll definitely go back - there are some grilled chicken sliders that are beckoning me.
1	Just went in for a drink and had some friends from Oregon, because the server couldn't comprehend that people from other states do visit we were denied the ability to recieve service. She was rude and forced the business to lose some valuable service. If this is the way the business is ran I feel bad for the owners. A buddy asked if ahe was having a bad night she scoffed and disagreed to it, but continued to be rude. As a former service employee I know what they are talking about and the manner of what they are talking about but the beauty of it is they will never earn my business as well as many people I know. I have received bad service at many places but I am upset that it had to happen at a place I frequent.
5	I wanted to write an updated review since the place has recently gone through a management change.Things are better than ever.  No more cover charge for UFC.  Poker more nights a week.  My favorite foods still in place.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place. Each time I've been, I've never had a good experience staff-wise. Be it being ignored over other parties for a good 20 minutes after seating ourselves or getting jipped on a take out order to just plain rude service. But good lord do they have really great food. I love "bar food" and being a Vegas transplant it's hard to find here in the valley. Green chile, chicken strips, burgers, the trio dip... Man! I just wish they'd retrain the staff.
1	New owners , not the same. We used to go there a lot.  Now, not so much. Food and ambiance aren't as good.
5	I have been here a few times. Every time is the same. Excellent service. Fast service and delicious food. Very friendly staff and comfortable place to be. Not too expensive either. Obviously, I would recommend it to anyone.
2	It was our mistake to take our 5 year old there for dinner after swim class.  Not our fault the food was mediocre.  Service was ok but this is really a bar not a family place. We won't return.
2	Love the location, could walk home if we had too!  Used to eat there on Fridays all the time.  Happy hour rocked.  Not anymore.   Last time we were there, food was really bad!  I ordered a fish sandwich and it was just a pile of mush.  Prices used to be decent, but not so much anymore.  We will still stop in on the weekend for a Bloody Mary, but not to eat.
5	We have been going here for a while... Then a groupon came up for FuNuGyz so I purchased it because we were heading there with a party of 3. We get there and I show them the groupon and they say they can only honor it for parties of 8 or more... I must have misread the groupon!!!! So we were just going to cancel with groupon and get my money back... but we couldn't. Now I'm sitting here with a groupon that I can't use that I already spent money on!!! Needless to say I am frustrated! Now this is where this business goes above and beyond... They talk with us and I tell them I can't cancel the groupon so they HONNOR the groupon!!! No questions asked! FunNuGyz is definitely here for their customers! :-)
4	Good place to call a dive bar.  Good selection of beers, they have a schedule of things to do which includes poker and live music. Believe it or not, food is decent! Owner was way cool, came out and bought our beers because slow service. Did I mention they do a bloody mary bar on Sundays?
1	Stopped by again, hoping things would have gotten better. Sat in a half empty bar for 10 minutes and left without even a glance our way. No "hello". No nothing. I just noticed that Yelp kept my review at 5 stars. Should be ZERO, but I con only go as low as one..And please check out my updates below.
