3	I stop into Novas occasionally for breakfast because of the convenience factor.  I like to buy the bread products here, but the pastries really aren't anything better than what you can get in Harris Teeter.  The desserts look pretty tasty but I haven't tried any yet (maybe this is their secret weapon??).  They offer specialty coffees as well as a variety of regular brews (usually one organic coffee, one decaf, one flavored, and a dark and light roast).  Service is fast but not super friendly.  Free WiFi Internet is offered which is a definite plus.
4	My husband ordered the apple turnover and swears it's the best he's ever had. We also had some foccacia (tomato and cheese). He loved it, I thought it was okay. Their croissants - plain and chocolate- are excellent. And so are their peanut butter cookies. My sister loves their spinach feta scones. It's a very relaxed, enlightened atmosphere that reminds me of being in Portland, OR. Excellent neighborhood to stroll around in and enjoy the shops.
5	A rare and wonderful place: a family-owned bakery producing truly memorable, old-style baked goods. And just how fabulous are these focaccia, brioche, challah and other ethnic breads? So good that I never even LOOK at the pastries and other sweets!
4	This little hole in the wall will surprise you.  Once you get inside you'll find a really charming place.  It's has some nice cozy chairs to hang out in.  I usually stop in for an iced coffee and a pastry and they are always very well done.  They can mix up a mean coffee drink, so if you're feeling the afternoon slump stop in and be surprised.
4	Nova's is said to be the best bakery in Charlotte, and I think that might be true. The pastries and fresh loaves of bread are delicious. It's a good place to stop on your way to work and grab a breakfast treat and a coffee. Nova's has free wireless, though I think it's a better place to meet someone for coffee or enjoy a good novel. The environment just doesn't lend itself to buckling down with your iBook. I also love sitting outside along Central and people-watching.
3	I love neighborhood establishments with a familiar, family feel. Nova's definitely has that warm, homemade bakery charm. From the loaves of bread, goodies in the case and cute cafe style seating, I wanted to like Nova's. I ordered a chai tea latte and a cannoli. The chai tea latte was nice with a stronger chai spice flavor than what you would find at Dean and DeLuca's. The service was efficient and friendly, but not with the same level of warmth as the decor might lead you to believe. Why I like neighborhood cafes is how the people who work there make you feel - grateful of their patrons, conversational, kind, patient and they pay attention to the details. Nova's bakery has that potential, but during my brief visit during a lull point in the day, the service and vibe was mediocre - going through the mechanics without that personal touch.The cannoli was pre-filled, so it didn't have the crispness that I prefer and the filling was a bit dried out. Compared to places like Romolo's in San Mateo, CA - it was far less tasty. However, maybe it was my mistake getting a cannoli at this bakery. I'm looking forward to giving Nova's another try. They had awesome looking breads and pastries. Perhaps next time, I'll strike up a conversation and find out just what their specialities are.
2	I went to Nova's today with a friend of mine who was visiting from out of town after we saw that 30 people were waiting in line at Zada Jane's.  Having just moved here, I had high hopes that Nova's would be the go-to bakery for me.  However, I was immediately disappointed by the lack of breakfast items that they had and the fact that they didn't make birthday cakes. In fact, their displays seemed quite empty and depressing, but maybe that was because I was there on a Sunday at noon (the nice lady behind the counter informed me that they had already sold out of a few things). That said, their house coffee was quite good and the croissant I had was perfectly fine, too.  I was really hoping this place would be like Alliance Bakery on Division Street in Chicago, but, alas, Nova's Bakery was nothing to write home about (worst of all, they don't even make birthday cakes!)  With a little tweaking (and specialty cakes), this place could be a real gem.
3	Here's a dilemma: how to write an unbiased review when you naturally are biased toward what you are reviewing. So it is with Nova's Bakery. I love freshly baked bread and pastry, and Nova's is an authentic European-style bakery. It is also one of  few such bakeries in Charlotte, or anywhere else in the region, for that matter. Its bread, in fact, is sold in various Harris Teeter locations (i.e., South Park, Cotswold) around Charlotte and in several organic stores in Columbia, SC.(the Rosewood market, for example). Apparently there is little competition in the local bakery market, which makes it difficult to evaluate. So I'll say this: their freshly baked bread is good. Until a critical mass of folks clamor for more bakeries, Nova's will be busy giving us what we want. And given they've been at this business for a while, I suspect Nova's has nowhere to go but up.
3	I've heard good things about Nova's.  But I've heard good things about a lot of places.  The good thing in this case was that they were in walking distance of Zada Jane's.  It was a nice night, so it made for a nice after-dinner stroll.We managed to get in just before they closed, which was good so that we could score a treat.  It was bad because they seemed to be running on empty.  Based on other comments, this might be a normal happening.  I'm not really sure.The other bad thing is that the items we tried (brownie/cheesecake thing, cannoli, chocolate cake, lemon bar) weren't that good.  So I'm left thinking that maybe Nova's is good only in comparison to other bakeries in Charlotte - of which there are very few (Amelie's comes to mind).  It's easier to be good when there is an absence of competition.
4	I might be a little biased towards Nova's, because it was the first place I ever bought food when I moved to Charlotte. Nova's does bread best.  It's definitely the best bread I've found in town, traditional and crusty and delicious.  Some of the best kinds are sesame semolina, francese, and the special chocolate orange brioche loaf that you can only get if you're lucky enough to be there when they get them in on Saturday.  Their breakfast pastries are pretty good, but everyone in the neighborhood knows that, so if you want your choice of danish flavors you'd best get there early.  The kalamata olive spread is Nova's secret weapon -- that stuff is delicious.  The cakes are good though the selection is always a mystery.  The only thing that's hit-or-miss is the dessert pastries.   As someone else mentioned the cannolis are pre-filled and so they're a little squishy.  I haven't been too impressed by the cream puffs or eclairs either the times I've had them.  But that's OK.  Nova's can go on making me bread and coffee and danishes.  They do those really well.
4	There's no way to hate on Nova's. Bread of all kinds made to order - if they don't have it, they'll make it special for you the next day. Pumpernickel is unique, very dark and molasses-y, interesting. I've tried the foccacia, sourdough, various boules, delish and reasonably priced. Coffee is decent, nothing spectacular. Perfect location and they've been here what, 10 years? 15? Yay. They even do pizza dough - and although a tad expensive, its the best frozen 'za dough I've ever bought (1.50 for a 10 inch pie's worth, and that's being generous).Counterpeeps are smiley, smart, easy to chat with. Gotta love service with a smile from behind a locally owned and operated bakery counter.
2	After dinner at one night, my husband and I walked over to Nova's Bakery.  I got a piece of cake, but was horribly disappointed.  The cake was dry as if it were a few days old.  I was also disappointed with their selection of baked goods at the counter.  I expected more from a bakery that gets so much foot traffic.  They have a very limited selection.
4	I found this place while waiting on a friend's car to be serviced.  Stopped in to grab a chai tea.  Got the Vanilla Chai and oh dear God....best thing ever!  I felt like I was on crack (not that I ever have been, but I would imagine it's the same feeling) all day!!  Quaint little atmosphere and smells delicious being that it's a bakery.  I've stopped in a few times since that visit and haven't been disappointed!
5	We usually end up here every Sunday Morning. Its a nice little place to grab a fresh baked pastry and a cup of coffee in the mornings. They usually offer a few different types of coffee (you fix your own cup and such). They have a good variety of muffins, danishes, bagels, croissants, scones, and other baked goods for breakfast choices. Also they have an amazing selection of freshly baked breads!!!! Add in their more dessert type goods and it just keeps getting better! My recommendations are Bread- (honestly, try them all!), Breakfast Pastry- Almond Croissant, Dessert- Tiramisu.
4	Sweets and breads from all over the world, and good coffee?  Cute, amicable counter staff?  Trendy neighborhood?  Check, check, and check!Nova's Bakery is an occasional indulgence for me-I visit when I'm loafing around Plaza Midwood and jonesing for some sweets and coffee.  I LOVE tiramisu and chocolate croissants.  Nova's excels in preparing both of these treats.  Freshly baked and served, yum yum.  I've had the coffee-real smooth.  It sure ain't Folger's or other cheap battery-acid-laced substitutes and they normally have several varieties to choose from.  The lattes are good as well: they use a medium roast espresso.  Both times I've been, the staff have been in a jovial mood and seemed to really want to take my order. (Maybe they could teach their skillz to other restaurants in Plaza Midwood)  If you don't like sweets, they have breads from all over the world.  I think its the most well-rounded (cosmopolitan? international?) selection of any bakery I've seen in town.  Pumpernickel, rye, focaccia, sourdough, you name it! Be certain to load up on carbs and caffeine at Nova's if you're on Central Avenue.  Nice place to bring a date after the meal or a group of friends, I'll be back soon (hopefully doing both of these).
2	I woke up this morning wanting cheesecake. After looking at a couple of coffee shops and bakeries- Amelie's, Central Coffee, and Smelly Cat, to name a few- I decided to try Nova's. They had cannoli, and that's hard to find in this city. First of all, there were only 2 people there. I was surprised, being that it was a holiday weekend and the neighborhood was packed. I scanned everything, just seeing what they had, and finally got my cheesecake and a cup of coffee. I was handed a small slice, pre-packaged in a plastic slice box. Upon opening, it was clear that this was several days old- the side were hardened over and dried out. The middle was good, but I couldn't even finish the slice the closer I got to the outer edge.I'm willing to go back to try their cannoli, but that's about it. I expected much more from a bakery in a prime location in one of the busiest foot-traffic neighborhoods. It should have been packed, and I understand why it wasn't.
2	Stopped here to pick up some baked goods while waiting for a seat at Zada Jane's. A friend who was visiting wanted to stop. I thought that for a bakery, they had kind of slim pickings, but then again I had just gone to Amelie's the day before and gotten my socks knocked off. I wasn't at all impressed with their selection of sweet bakery items. It looked like they could have an impressive bread selection, but most of the compartments were vacant. My friend ended up getting an iced latte, which was nothing to write home about. We ended up getting a cannoli and baklava. The baklava didn't disappoint, though I'm not a huge fan. For the person who said they'd go back for the cannoli, though.... don't. One reason I love cannoli's is that they're a savory item. The ricotta filling isn't too sweet, it's just right for those people who like flavor over sugar. This cannoli was so loaded with sugar that I felt like I was eating a donut. I was extremely disappointed - it's hard to screw up a cannoli, but it happened. The one saving grace: on the way in, they had free samples set up for a new olive tapenade they were selling. I'm not sure if it was one they made, but it definitely did look like it was made and packaged there. It was definitely the most delicious and flavorful tapenade that I can remember eating, and they put out just the right kind of bread with it. It was beautiful. And that tapenade added another star to this review.
2	Many of you know that I'm a total treat head. Give me a cannoli, a cookie, a piece of cake, a brownie, whatever, and I'll take it down. And smile. So, it says quite a lot when I *don't* finish a treat (or at least save it for later). Let's just say the majority of my treat order went in the trash.... :(Hubs and I stopped by Nova's for a little sugar rush around 2 pm on a Sunday. Inside, Nova's is quite sweet - a cozy little nook to the right and a wide space filled with coffee beans and a small selection of treats. After chatting with the very kind employee behind the counter we selected a cannoli dipped in chocolate and a handful of rugulach (the equivalent of pie crust rolled up with a bit of jam/filling). First, the cannoli. We paid $2.90 for the dipped chocolate cannoli and it made me so, so sad. As soon as I cracked open the box and picked up the cannoli I knew it was destined for failure. It fell apart immediately due to the high moisture level in the shell - i.e. it was probably sitting in the case for sometime, piped with the cream. So, yeah, it was a mushy gushy mess and the flavor wasn't so hot. The cream was bland and a bit gritty, the shell wasn't crunchy whatsoever and the chocolate on each end was runny. I took one bite, hubs took one bite to try it and then it went in the garbage. Then the rugulach, dry dry dry oh my. Good thing I had a bottle of water in the car. We purchased two raspberry and two chocolate; suffice it to say that there were crumbs all over the car and two leftover rugulach that went into the trash. Now, I know I went on a Sunday afternoon - and many bakeries only bake once per day. However, if they would just bake the cannoli shells and pipe them every few hours, that would really make a huge difference to remedy the texture-less mess. I may try Nova's once more for their bread, but I won't count on it for any treat runs.
2	Soggy cannoli. Ahhhh. What kind of bakery does that to one of the greatest treats ever created. Damn you Nova! They deserve better love! Dear Cannoli, I'll be looking for you elsewhere! Love, Your boy blue
5	the glorious morning muffins were AMAZING. I definately recommend this neat little bakery to anybody
4	I stopped in to grab a snack and use wi-fi, and they had so much to offer. The muffins are cheaper than most ($2), and there are numerous sweets and savory breads to choose from.The location is pretty convenient, next to many cool hipster restaurants and stores; hipsters love locally made stuff, so Nova fits right in. Also, their hours are great! Open late most days, especially for a bakery.My pumpkin muffin was pretty solid, though a tad dense and dry. I really liked the flavor, and you could see where the pumpkin batter was stirred in. If it was more moist, it would have been amazing.Nova's provides a solid bite to eat, a no-frills cup of joe, and ample seating in a trendy, young district. It gives off a little bit of the "warehouse" feel, but that is sometimes a cool thing to have in bakeries, as opposed to "quaint" coffeeshops.
3	Nova's is a food anchor to Plaza Midwood contributing to the area's free spirited vibe in a tasty way.  The price however, may also be part of it's role as an anchor since I feel the cost of their baked goods weigh a little heavy on its patrons.  Then again, most places have really been pushing higher costs.  The artisan breads sold here are a prime example of this but then again, even Harris Teeter is charging $5.00 for a small loaf of bread.  Still, if you can get past the pricing, the breads and other baked goods sold here are pretty OK.  Nothing that will blow you away but good nonetheless.Something that I really like about this place is that they have a full coffee bar so you can grab a coffee or mocha or whatever along with a little something to eat and then chill on their couch with a book or grab a table and hang out with friends as you enjoy your treat.If you are curious, when compared to Nona's in the University area, Nova's has a much more welcoming feel.  So, in my opinion, Nova wins on vibe and Nona's wins on food and they both weigh in equally on pricing.
4	I bet I've driven by this place a million times and never stopped in.  My girlfriend and I were just bumming around and she suggested stoping in here under the premise of great coffee.  She did not tell me how good the bakery was too though!  Very quaint little spot with parking to the side and kind of hard to get to honestly but well worth it.  While we were there we picked up Hawaiian Macadamia (sp) Nut coffee for use at home and I'm not embelishing when I say it's absolutely the best coffee I've ever had....EVER.  As far as food we had some sort of raisin nut wheat bran muffin and it was so very good.  Everything there looked great from the sweets to the fresh bread.
4	Awesome bakery but mostly I come for the Hawaiian Macadamia Nut coffee.  They are famous for their cranberry toast which I have to admit that I have never tried.  But other breads and delicious desserts keep me coming back. Nova supplies a lot of coffee shops uptown and I am delighted to support local.  Their campy sitting areas (in and outside) make me feel so mellow and relaxed - it is a great place for a book and a cup-o-joe!
5	Excellent friendly service accompanied by tasty pastries, what could be better.  I recommend the strawberry and blueberry cream cheese stuffed croissants.  If you go later in the day, they also run specials for the items that have been sitting out that day.
4	We visited Nova's Bakery on Central for this first time this weekend.  It's got a nice, quiet atmosphere inside (with authentic brick walls), although not a lot of seating.  I was most impressed by the prices.  Everything was very affordable that we were able to buy treats and drinks for all five of us plus a loaf of fresh-baked bread for under $20.  I tried the red velvet cookie.  It was like a condensed version of the popular cake.  Yummy.  They had seasonal hot drinks available, so I tried the pumpkin spice latte.  It was just okay; I think Starbucks does a better job.  There was too much spice and not enough pumpkin.  However, I also tried a sip of my partner's pumpkin pie chai latte...and it was freakin' A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  I highly recommend going out of your way to try one of those tasty, sweet drinks from heaven.  While there, I picked up a very reasonably priced loaf of sourdough bread.  I made grilled ham and cheese sandwiches with it last night, and the flavor, texture, and crunchiness of the toasted bread was perfect.  I'll definitely be skipping the grocery store and picking up bread here instead.
4	Nova's is great  if you get their fresh bread.  I particularly like their Focacciaand their savory scones.As far as sweet treats, I love their gingerbread cookies around the holidays.
4	The tiramisu is great a little sweet but not too over the top. Came in during my lunch and there wasn't a line or anything. The place is cute and comfy, just take a seat and enjoy. Oh and the peach black tea is good!!
4	I love the Eclairs here.The cannolis were very disappointing, though.The breads here look great, but we've only ever come in for unhealthy snacks.  Oh well.Anyway, I like this place better than Amelie's which everyone makes such a fuss about.
5	I love fresh bread.  I love bread period, so maybe I am a little biased in loving this bakery.  The bread is made fresh daily and they sell it at fantastic prices.It is a great bakery.  I recommend the Pane Bello to have for dinner, and they have a great po-boy hoagie roll that they call something else, but they will know what you mean if you ask for a po-boy roll that is soft on the inside and crusty on the outside.  My wife loves the Morning Glory muffin if you are needing something tasty that will work well inside you.  I have also tried many of their treats and found them to be delectable.  If you want artisan treats I would go to Amelies, but this place has great croissant's, muffins, sweet rolls, eclairs, etc.  However, bread is king here, and there is not enough good bread in the South.  This place is a pillar in Charlotte.
5	I've been here enough to know what to get and what to stay away from!  This is one of the few places I have never been by myself so i get to taste what everyone gets every time.  The Gingerbread men are Great!  The Sticky Buns are Fantastic!  Stay clear of the Cannolis.On Nova's BREAD! : They serve over 200 restaurants and stores so you may be eating their bread and not know.  BrickTops serves Nova's Bread and you can purchase it at some Grocery Stores!The space is cool with some tables and a side room, you could take the person of your dreams or you might find them there for the first time!  Though I have never fallen in LOVE here, there is potential!
3	I used to visit Nova every weekend, it was the first coffee shop that I frequented when I moved to Charlotte. I rarely go anymore, I wish they offered better food stuffs. Their bread is awesome, their pastries are great but their muffins to me are awful. They are usually dry, lacking any flavor and hard to finish. If I ate a lot of bread I would rate them better because the bread is great.
4	First visit today, and it was hard to resist all the goodies on display.  After the warnings about the cannoli, I decided to try my luck with the bar desserts.  The first thing I had was the tiramisu, which was WONDERFUL.  The cocoa and the coffee used were both smooth and made for quite the delicious treat.  Next, I tried the marble brownie, which had a delicious fudgy bottom and more of the brownie part on top - also very yummy.  Finally, I decided that macaroon bars looked delicious.  I don't know what is in them, but they were like a combination between a macaroon and a magic cookie bar (look them up if you don't know what I'm talking about - they're super yummy).   Luckily, I got enough for myself and share with my friends.  I also decided to try some bread, as my normal bakery is closed on Mondays.  I bought some of the Garlic Rosemary Focaccia, and it was SOOOO good.  I sliced some up later and dipped it in an olive oil/Parmesan mixture - YUM!  The staff was quite friendly and helpful, recommending the bread to me.  Their coffee smelled great, and next time I'll have to try a cup (like, tomorrow on my way to school or something).  The prices seemed quite reasonable too, and it's much closer than my other favorite bakery.I have a feeling it's going to be a bad idea to live so close to this bakery; I can picture myself going there regularly.
4	I took me an embarrassingly long time to collect enough visits to Nova's to judge them well. I'm not really sure why because everything I have had there was delicious and they are right in my neighborhood, but better late than never.Honestly my favorite of their offerings is their straight up coffee. Their flavors are strong and the brew itself is great. That is not to say that when the weather turns hot I will deny myself the indulgence of their mango smoothies. Sunshine in a cup. I picked up some of their carrot cake for a coworker on her birthday and I think the rest of our office thought she was having a very inappropriate time at her desk. It was apparently moan-inducing. I also happen to know their croissants are good, but that is solely due to the fact that they have a $5 credit card minimum. If you are getting coffee expect to get a pastry or bring cash.Spaces around the side of the building makes it one of the only places in Plaza Midwood with adequate parking so be sure to swing in and pick yourself up...well, pretty much anything.
4	They have a good collection of European breads and pasteries available.The coffee smelled wonderful but as I was shopping I decided to try that next time.They have wonderful parking and it's a nice cozy atmosphere.ddc
4	I wanted sweet, I got sweet. Chocolate croissant = excellent. Chocolate rugaleh = excellent. Coffee = good.Friendly service, decent parking.
4	Nova's Bakery, currently located on Central Avenue, is a wonderful family owned bakery and coffee shop that first opened in the late 1990's. I remember when it used to be in Southend, closer to my neck of the woods but now it is just a short trek to the current location. Nova's produces some of the best bread you can get in Charlotte including French and sourdough and turns out delicious cookies, cakes and pastries as well. My mom is a huge fan of the gingerbread men here, so we stopped in one afternoon after lunch. I also tried the red velvet cookie with white chocolate chips (very tasty). I look forward to trying more treats at Nova's again soon!
4	Maybe 3.5 stars, but I really loved the cherry scone I got.The coffee was like 2 stars. I mean, it wasn't horrible, but if you're charging $2 for coffee, it had damn well better be good. It was not. Oh, and I got $.50 off for National Coffee Day so I only paid $1.50 and it still wasn't worth it. Blech.But the bakery is a solid five stars. Great selection of breads, scones, muffins, croissants, etc. I honestly wish they would branch out into lowfat/sugar free/gluten free options, but I wish that of every bakery that doesn't offer those sorts of things. Not a strike against Nova. The scone I got melted in my mouth and was very fresh and tasty.I'll probably go back, but I'mma skip the coffee. Again, blech.
2	The people at Nova's were nice, but the cannoli we had were an entirely different story.The cannoli shell itself was heavy, dense, and oily.  Cannoli shells should be light, and somewhat crunchy.  Likewise, the cannoli creme was way too heavy, and something - an element/flavor, a hint of something that isn't easy to pick out, was missing, from the mix.I heard that Nova's bread is great.  Maybe I'll be back to give that a try...but the cannoli?  No thank you.
3	Nova's is another one of those places that you really want to like because it local but you just can't. Nova's offers both sweet and savory baked goods from a variety of cultural background from Italian to Southern American.  On my most recent trip I had the cheesecake which tasted OK but wasn't exactly outstanding.  The lemon bars are just the way like them, more sweet than tart.  The reason why i scored them so low is because of the freshness of product. I got a loaf of pumpernickel and it molded the next day. It was also dry as a chip. Some of the Eastern European sweets feel less than fresh to me when go in as well.  Don't let my review discourage you from going though, go try it for yourself and make your own opinion and support local non-chained business.
4	I was lucky enough to be within walking distance to Nova's on my recent visit to Charlotte. Or, maybe unlucky enough. Depending on how you look at it. As I walked around Plaza Midwood, I wasn't sure if it was open (the bars on the window don't exactly scream "WELCOME FRIENDS") but when I saw people coming & going from there I figured I'd walk in & see what was what. When I entered there was a big case of shiny pastries, all grinning at me. I felt like a little kid; I could hardly contain my excitement. The nice thing about being an adult is that you can have all the pastries you want, & you really don't have to care what anyone else thinks. With that in mind I ordered a few cookies, a few croissants, a couple scones & a latte. The almond croissant was flaky & tender; I warmed it up in the microwave & the filling melted into the flakiness so perfectly. Blissful. I told myself I was sampling for review purposes, but that was just an excuse to shove a red velvet cookie into my face after having eaten that croissant. It was just okay; nothing to shout about. I think it would have been helped by the addition of chopped walnuts. The latte was solid; it filled my coffee quotient for the morning.Later in the day I "sampled" the spinach & feta cheese scone. YAAASSS. I warmed it up which made it a bit chewy but still flaky. It was packed with spinach, though I detected less of the feta cheese. It also had a little bit of a kick, provided by red pepper flakes. I had to walk a few miles after eating that scone, but it was so worth it.The next morning I told myself I was only going to get coffee and not buy eleventy pastries...but when I walked in, those pastries in that big bright case were grinning at me again. I got a slice of almond tiramisu, a heart shaped mini cheesecake with red jelly-stuff on top, & eleventy croissants. The croissants were splendid, as always. The almond tiramisu didn't taste very almondy, but it was very creamy & the ladyfingers were airy. The cheesecake tasted pretty good (I was "sampling" again) but I didn't eat a whole lot of it, & I scraped off the red jelly-stuff.All in all I gave Nova's 4 stars because the service was extremely friendly, the baked goods & treats that I liked were REALLY yummy, and I'm definitely a fan. I'll be back in Charlotte for CIAA Weekend; if you see a curly haired lady with a giant bag of pastries coming out of Nova's, you'll know it's me.
3	Been here a couple of times and the only thing I've really liked is the spinach scone. It's not available every day but it's got just a kick of spice that makes it really yummy.
5	As a frequent foodie throughout Charlotte I was surprised I had neglected to write a review on Nova's since it's one of my stopping points through my week. Charlotte with it's growing diversity of restaurants and the city's palate steadily growing, Nova's is one of the bakeries you have to visit.  Although when you walk in, there isn't a bread scent looming at you....of course I'm not standing inside the bakery portion itself, the moment I peek into their pastry case I feel the kid inside me waiting in anticipation. My favorite are the rugula's with a cup of coffee.  They're little bite-sized flaky mounds of raisins, apricot, raspberry, or chocolate that teasingly sit there waiting to be eaten.  The staff is very friendly.  They're family owned so you'll see them running about to keep the bakery engine running.  Sladjana if you get a chance to meet her, is an intense lady who seems to always be busy with something but never too busy to crack a joke.  Overall, I love the place.  The new shop they opened up on South is open 24hrs and is pretty awesome as well.
4	This review is for their coffee only. I don't eat much baked good because I'm a vegan, however I love some good coffee. Nova has great beans and a wide selection of fancy caffeinated drinks. After going here for the first time, I have been coming back just about anytime I need a good coffee fix.The staff has always been very friendly. The seating is never too crowded, nor is the parking lot. The place smells great. Also, they make one of the best chai lattes in town. Definitely worth checking out if you are a coffee lover.
2	I walked over here one sunny Monday morning because I wanted some bread to go with my butter.Pluses: The staff was super nice even in the face of my epic indecisiveness, the Glorious Morning muffin was delicious cakey goodness, the chocolate croissant has enough ever so slightly bitter chocolate for my tastes and the almond croissant was almond-y, although I feel the filling could've been a little moister.The questionable: Why do your almond and chocolate croissants look exactly the same?? The counter girl was having trouble telling them apart and I got one of each instead of two almond. No big deal, I told her it was ok and to just guess when she was trying to figure them out since I enjoy chocolate croissants too.Now for the bad. I was super excited to tear into the baguette I got but the texture is all off. Don't get me wrong, its passable bread, but definitely shouldn't be called a baguette. The crust isn't crackly, the crumb is dense, the whole thing a little too chewy. It still scratches the bread itch but... that loaf ain't right.The plain croissant, unlike its sweet cousins, suffers from the same problems a lot of American croissants do, being doughy and stolid and not flaky at all. Better suited to cradle some various fillings and be stuffed in a lunchbox than to be enjoyed on its own.So overall I will probably be going back if I have a craving for sweets, but I'll have to find somewhere else with a baguette that suits my picky picky needs.
3	So this is hard for me, because Nova's is one of those places i really WANT to like a lot. I mean, i love the idea of Nova's, and i daydream sometimes about taking a leisurely stroll through Plaza Midwood to grab a Sunday morning yummy and some good coffee, but unfortunately i keep leaving unimpressed with everything i try (some of which, not even my kids wanted to finish eating). This is always very disappointing, but actually, probably more of a good thing, since i live so close by. On the plus side, they are super friendly, which is why i always consider going back. They are always so kind to my kids, which i love! So kind. They seem to go out of their way to be friendly. My kids LOVE Nova's, and it's so refreshing to go somewhere to grab coffee and have people seem genuinely at peace with you bringing little kids in. My 4-year-old said he is going to work at Nova's when he grows up, and my 5-year-old says she wants visit every day. So kudos to you Nova's, for having the kindest employees!Pros: Super friendly, great with kids, good coffee.Cons: Entirely unappealing baked goods, slightly pricey.
3	Nothing special that stand out to me, just a regular coffee shop down the road.I ordered the coffee of the month "white chocolate raspberry chilled". It has a good flavor, but just overly sweet for my taste.i was going to try the raspberry cheesecake cookie, but $1 for a tiny cookie is too much for me. And they only have one guy taking order and making drink at the same time, so I waited 15 minutes for a drink.The plus side is that they have all sorts of bread, from garlic & rosemary focaccia to French sour dough. I would stop by again if I happened to be near here, but wouldn't travel my way out here just for it.
5	I used to frequent Nova's on my way into work. I haven't been in quite awhile but I stopped this evening for a cup of Java. What made my quick stop even better was the gentleman working behind the counter. There was quite a line in front of me and he was patient, friendly and professional. When it was my turn I embarrassingly didn't have enough cash (who carries cash anymore?!) and didn't want to order other stuff just to meet their debit card minimum and also didn't want to purchase a gift card as I am moving out of Charlotte. He said not to worry, it was on him and told me to enjoy. Any other time I've been to Nova's in the morning the staff is always super friendly. Today topped all of my experiences there and I have to say that on top of the incredibly nice gesture, the coffee was perfectly brewed as usual. I will miss this awesome place when I move. Keep it up - the service, and yummy coffee.
1	Customer service is left to be desired to top a less than average bakery. We have now been there a few times, always wanting to give them another chance, but after they decline to honor a coupon that allegedly expired 11 hrs prior (rather than 13 hrs later, who puts a time on their coupons BTW) and offered no apology of any kind, we definitely just won't be back, not worth it.
4	This place us within walking distance of our home, so we often visit once a weekend.  I am not a huge fan of sweets, especially for breakfast, but Nova's has savory options.  I get either the spinach scone or the  spinach-feta turnover.  Both are very good, and I love the hint of spiciness in the scone.  My husband adores their scones and typically gets the cranberry flavor.Regarding the beverages, I am not good on caffeine, so I get a decaf cup of coffee.  But recently, there has been no decaf coffee ready when we get there in the morning.  They do offer decaf and herbal teas.  I also feel ok after drinking one of their chai lattes.Any time we have a dinner party or social event at our home, I buy their bread.  So much better than getting bread at a grocery store, plus, I love that we are supporting our local bakery.  I have also began buying my husband's sandwich bread from Nova's.Glad to have this bakery in our neighborhood!
1	Meh. No macaroons. Cold standoffish worker seemed mad about something. Rolled his eyes multiple times and got angrier the more questions we asked him, even after we apologized explaining it was our first time here. It didn't really make sense, but the food, coffee, or hot chocolate wasn't worth going back to possibly receive an attitude with. Just stopped in on our way to Sadu, won't be returning. We ordered a lemon bar, a chocolate chip muffin, a small hot coco, and a medium decaf mocha coffee. Which came up to about $10.18 not really worth it.  I really wanted to like this place because it's on my way to school too. Darn.
5	Customer service was awesome. Staff went above and beyond to make my son smile on two separate occasions while I was in a meeting. My five year old loves their cookies and cheesecake.I would compare it to other meeting spaces, but better because the parking is most convenient. Free wifi and always an open table equals a win for me.
1	Ok....I ordered a small americano...it was the worst coffee I have ever had in my life...ok, so I'm used to the coffee in Portland,Oregon...but come on...this tasted like bland hot dirt! I was tempted to go back in and request another coffee...thinking...the machine must of been malfunctioning....but alas...I accepted my fate...this place has shitty coffee...I should of bought Larry's beans and brewed my own cup at home. :(
5	Lovely service, I like my coffee with a laugh or two. Very personable and the iced coffee is wonderful on these hot summer days!
4	Iced Chai Latte on a hot Carolina summer day?  Yes Please!  Perfect place to sit and people watch with a cool refreshing beverage to kick start a day of second hand shopping.  Fast Friendly Service.
4	My husband and I now live close enough to Nova's that we enjoy hoping on our bikes and grabbing a pastry. I must admit, this is the second week in a row. At least we burn calories on the way there and back. Last weekend my husband got the cinnamon apple scone which was fairly good and went well with his tea. I got a plain croissant. That was so good and fresh. Today, we went back and wanted a bagel. They were out if those by 9 as well as croissants. We went with a princess doughnut to share. It's a giant cream puff. Yum. They also offer rolls, loafs, cake slices, cookies and fresh coffee inside. I think it opens early at 6:30 as well.
2	I wasn't wowed by anything here despite their having been on television. I ordered a brownie and a slice of lemon cake, which were okay but certainly not mind-blowing. I'm always looking to be wowed so maybe my expectations are too high. I won't say I'd never go back. I would--I was just expecting a little bit more is all.
5	They're simply awesome. Nice if you want to enjoy a hot cup of java...they've got a good selection, and plenty of sugary sweets to make your teeth disappear. Love this place. Staff is very friendly.
1	I used to love Nova's. Had the best iced vanilla chai latte every single time. But today alone has made me never want to go again. The woman behind the counter was training a rookie. She got my drink order(two of the same) wrong. When I asked if it was a chai latte she went on this everlasting rant about snobby people and their ridiculous drink orders and just wouldn't stop complaining about her job. She added espresso to make it a latte and then exclaimed it was her last day. I get in my car drive down the road, take a sip and it tasted nothing like my order. The customer service here is laughable, the product knowledge and execution is borderline horrific. Never shopping with them again. Dilworth Coffee is not only competitive priced but the quality 10x better.
