4	I love this place! The ramen noodles are great and the fried goat cheese with raspberry maple syrup are a must. The staff are supper nice and service is quick and efficient but doesn't seem rushed. The decor is nice, not really my cup of tea but that's just a matter of taste. The ambiance is fun I've visited three time now and only once was it a little blah but it was late and a Monday evening so I guess I asked for it.The prices are are good, you could get away under $30 per person easily without any booz, add a beer or two and you might still get out for around $30. All and all a good restaurant worth visiting.
4	For those of you who want to try other kinds of Japanese food, besides sushi, then head over to Imadake ASAP.Modeled on Osaka's street food eateries, Imadake offers some wonderful hard-to-find Japanese foostuffs including melt-in-your-mouth tako yaki, Japanese deep-fried octopus balls which were just amazing. Their seafood salads were excellent also with the earthy sesame seed dressing.The menu is cut up in two sections, those small appetizer-like dishes of which you can order many and share with a friend, think of it as Japanese tapas. The other side is the hefty Ramen noodle soups and meals. Desserts have the predictable green tea ice cream, red bean ice cream and black sesame ice cream, as  well as the green tea cheesecake.Japanese beers here are resonably priced but not a lot of selection if you're a non-beer drinker.It's a fun place to try out, I really liked the way the whole bar basically yelled out  "Arigato" (Thank you)  when you leave.
5	Thank you God for hearing my prayers. Finally a truly fabulous isakaya in Montreal! Truly a great place to share delicious authentic Japanese food while downing sake bombs between dishes amongst friends. Decor is simple and trendy. I just wished the music was less loud as it'd be cool to hear the staff greet and thank you in Japanese when you enter/leave the restaurant like they usually do for this type of establishment.In my own opinion, Imakade kicks Kazu's butt. I am just worried about its location. Imadake is more for the younger crowd, not the stuffy Westmount crowd that would expect overpriced sushi.Please encourage the owners and run to this restaurant! :P
2	Now first off i'd like to say that I've only eaten here once, and if/when the day comes that I go back and decide what I wrote is wrong then I will change it...But, anyways.The look and decor of the restaurant is nice and trendy, the employees there were nice. Menu was really small.I tried the fried dumplings, they were average.. And I also had the ramen, only because that was the only option as a main dish, and I was not pleased at all, it was the second worst ramen i've ever had! :-/Benefit of the doubt.. .. Maybe it's just not for me, I see alot of good reviews for this place. But then again, this is the point of reviews! :-)Happy eating!
4	The main problem with Imadake is that it will always be compared to Kazu. And while both Kazu and Imadake are Japanese isakayas, they are actually quite different. Kazu is the homey, cozy, authentic older brother, while Imadake is the trendy yet eager kid sis.Being greeted by a chorus of "Irasshaimase!!!" by the employees immediately reminds you of Kazu, however, being greeted so enthusiastically is cute and kind of works at Kazu because the place is so small, it's almost like walking into someone's home. Imadake however is a much larger space, so that kind of yelling seems... kind of crazy? The staff isn't all Japanese either, which makes it seem inauthentic and a tad contrived.Okay, I'm obviously moderately fond of Kazu, but I'm going to stop comparing them now. Publicly anyway.So the evening began when my friend and I both ordered Sapporos. Sapporos that turned out to be so large that we could have filled a small swimming pool with what arrived at our table. Hey, I'm not complaining! There's no such thing as too much beer. Except that time in 1999, but that's another story.We decided to order a few small dishes because it's always more fun that way. First came the Japanese style fried chicken, which was actually a freebie because the kitchen had made it by mistake. I wouldn't have ordered this on my own because it just doesn't sound that interesting to me, but it was pretty good.The dishes we actually ordered came after. Grilled beef tongue, pork belly brochette, octopus balls (takoyaki), some kind of whitefish carpaccio, black cod, and jellyfish salad. The tongue was fantastic, as was the jellyfish salad and carpaccio. The takoyaki is the type of dish for me that is died-and-gone-to-heaven upon the first bite, and as you continue, your body slowly begins to tell you that you can take no more. Maybe it's all that mayo sauce or something, but by the end of it I was kind of glad it was over. Am I alone on this?The biggest disappointment was the pork belly. When I think of pork belly, I think "bursting with juicy flavour" and "layers of sweet heavenly pork fat". What we got was a plate of skimpy, dry and flavourless skewers. Not impressed.Dessert was green tea cheesecake. I'm not sure why we ordered this, since my companion isn't a cheesecake fan. But who cares. More for me!So... I lied when I said I was going to stop comparing this place to Kazu. Sort of. What I want to get across is that if Kazu didn't exist, or I had never been, Imadake would be The Spot. It generally has all the qualities I like about a restaurant. Cool, casual vibe, fun small portions, nice space, good food, simple yet creative (at least creative in the sense that we don't have many isakayas in Montreal, so we don't see these types of dishes often), etc. However, Kazu DOES exist, and while only one of Imadake's dishes was a real disappointment, none of Kazu's are. I'll definitely be back to Imadake... on days where I don't feel like waiting forever for a table at Kazu, or on a day when I want to be able to relax over drinks with a bunch of friends without feeling cramped or rushed. But for any other day, Kazu has my heart.
2	Point form:- Ordered 6 dishes. Only received 5. Charged us for 6.- Ordered water to accompany our drinks. Never saw a drop. - Cheap decor. Random baseball cap pinned to the wall. Seems like the roof is falling apart downstairs.- Good selection of food. And the 5/6 we did receive were good.- Had to ask for the bill 3 times. As I post this, I am still waiting for the bill...Note: maybe this is better for lunch than dinner, but in general I was not impressed.
4	Real Ramen is hard to come by in north America.Montreal in particular has very little to offer.When i heard about Imadake I went to give it a shot and I was pleasantly surprised.  Their Miso chashu men was actually quite good.By far the best Ramen you can have in Montreal
4	Was here on a Saturday night with friends. The crowd is made up of mostly 18-25. The decor is minimal, almost industrial...plain square tables with square "crate" stools. The kitchen is open concept and in plain view of everyone. The staff is made up of young, hip students, and despite the loud music they were able to hear/see us when we needed something. Our waiter was helpful and made good suggestions. We ordered Vegetable tempura, tofu salad, Chicken Karaage and Chicken Yaki Tori and the fried cheese with a plum sauce. All were excellent. We ordered a round of drinks that included 1/2 Beer with ginger ale, and a Malibu Pineapple...all were great! Would definitely go back, but have to be in the right state of mind, because again, it is rather on the loud side.
5	The 5-star is based on the assumptions that 1) you are down for a REAL Nihon-bar night experience, which means2) you are tolerant of LOUD people, and cute(and/or hot) Asian girls in short uniform skirts running around who might miss orders sometimesI'm down for both so I gave it a 5*First of all, the food is, IMO, very close to what Japan has to offer. Make sure you order Karrage, and Okonomiyaki. They are Delish! - Okonomiyaki is this Japanese pancake made from eggs, shredded cabages, Dashi(Japanese cooking broth), meat (as far as I remember u get the option of octopus, squid or chicken), with the following topping - zigzagging Mayo, green onions and bonito  (some kind of fish) flakes flying on top. the presentation and the taste is definitely A+. - the Karrage I ordered was this deep-fried chicken pre-marinated in, probably soy sauce and garlic, with flour coating. I ate it with this garlic, soysauce dipping. hmm,hmm, tastay~ - I also ordered the pork-belly noodle soup. It's light but tasty to my taste buds, but some people might consider it bland.  Second, make sure you go there for dinner on weekends; Once I went for lunch, only to find out they are only open for dinner on weekends. Something worth noticing of this place is: late at night, you might see a group of people doing shots, where they place little shots glass gently on top of two chopsticks that are stacked on top of some bigger beer mugs. The seismic wave created by either hitting the table, or probably just people yelling/cheering drop the shots glass into the beer mugs. This might explain why this place gets very loud sometimes.  Decor is all simplistic, industrial style, high ceiling with a lot of wood elements (which I appreciate a lot), Utensils and dishwares seem to be authentic Japanese style. Last but NOT least, brace yourself for the chorus of greetings when you arrive and when you leave. Home-run for Imadake!
5	Definitely my favorite isakaya here in Montreal !You are always welcome by a cheering "Irashaimase" by a great real Japanese-team. Food is ridiculously excellent like the beef tataki (which is incredible, sauce is light and temperature is perfect so you can really taste the meat) or the okonomiyaki is really great. Beer is dirty-cheap !What else do you expect from a Isakaya !Bathroom is just amazing (and clean) and the blackboard let your creativity overflows you !However expect sometimes service to be on the slow side...Will be back soon ;)
4	There is so much more to Japanese food than just sushi but finding those other bits of Japanese cuisine can sometimes be a challenge. Imadake Isakaya offers Montrealers a taste of something they have been missing for quite some time.This was my second visit to Imadake, the first happened by happy, hungry accident and I was wowed enough to plot another visit. I am just sorry it took so long! In any case, this afternoon, I finally got to revisit this place, and better yet, I was able to share this experience with my son.We had really worked up an appetite by the time we got there so we ordered quite a bit, some takoyaki (octopus balls), agedashi tofu (my favorite tofu dish), some fried chicken skin and mashed potato croquettes. All were delicious, though I could have ordered a few more takoyaki!For our main dishes, I had the rare beef and ramen in a soya broth, my son ordered the shrimp and vegetable tofu and my BF ordered pork belly in a miso broth. Again, all of us enjoyed out dishes very much.Just to note, on my first visit, just after this place just opened, it was the evening and the noise level was louder and the place was pretty crowded. Even so, we received pretty good service and the food was impeccable.
3	with all the 5 Star rating this place got, i had to try it for myself...First thing comes to mind when you visit this place, is whether or not it stands up to Kazu... my verdict? Naaaaaaah !!!! lolOn this point i agree with Concertina F. but whereas none of Kazu's dishes disapoint   SOME dishes at Imadake do... and this despite the damn lineup at kazu, their habit of constant price INFLATION, their limited menu, no fried items  and their cash only policy...On to the food... :)we had, ramen, beef tongue, chicken karaage, jelly fish salad, eel soup, eel omelet, agedashi tofu, bacon wrapped asparagus, and tempura.of note is the beef tongue, quite delicious, tender and good flavor, I know I kissed a cow... And I liked it :P. The jelly fish salad was nice, refreshing, light and refreshing, except the portion was unforgivably small.The rest was just all right nothing spectacular, one miss is the omelet, too much sugar, It's an omelet not flan!!! lol :PTempura was average, but really no one messes that one up... well except hot and spicy buffet, where it's as big as a celery stick and mostly batter lol.chicken was good, but I like chicken karaage, so it was fine, but I've had better, at sumo ramen and ichiban. the eel soup was another miss, the dashi was weak, no flavor depth, but the eel was good.The agedashi was good, good soy sauce dashi, and the tofu was silky.The bacon asparagus was a bit on the bland side, a dash of teriyaki or miso would have been nice.Final verdict? more style than substance, small dishes... but nice drinks.
3	Imadake is one of those places that is close to getting 5 stars from me but still needs to adjust a couple of things before I'm willing to go that far. Now first off I'm all too aware that all Japanese Izakiya's are suppose to be loud but I find for whatever the reason that all 3 times that I have been there it becomes annoyingly loud, last time being by far the worst with staff members that had finished their shifts sitting with friends and standing by while their friends used some pretty foul language at very loud levels. I also find that Imadake has a great selection on their menu but that every meal is missing that one component that could make it just perfect.All and all I do really enjoy Imadake but feel they need to still tweak a couple of things before they get a perfect 5 from me.
3	The place present itself has a Japanese pub and I did enjoy my meal there. Having been to a few authentic ones in Japan I felt a bit underwhelm... still a nice addition to the restaurant scene in Montreal.
4	I'd been to Imadake a few times shortly after they had opened (yes back when they were called Godzilla's) and thought that the restaurant was good but nothing special. I had dinner there with some friend on Sunday evening and I was very pleasantly surprised. Imadake has really come into its own. Apparently I'm not the only one that thinks this as the place was packed on a Sunday evening. Based on the crowd you would have thought that it was Friday night. The atmosphere was fun and lively the service was good and not overbearing and the food was terrific. As I'm writing this I'm wondering why I'm giving Imadake 4 and not 5 stars, but it feels like the right rating.  The menu and the food has matured since I first ate there. There are many great options on the menu, the food is fresh and tasty and the presentation is good. Many of the reviews compare Imadake to Kazu. I guess this is a natural thing to do as they are both Japanese restaurants in the same part of town at similar price points. However, I think that this is a bit of an apples to oranges comparison as these are two very distinct restaurants with there own approach to Japanese cuisine and each offer a very different experience. They are certainly not interchangeable. Now that I've thought about Kazu (a definitive 5 star restaurant) I know why I was comfortable with a 4 star rating for Imadake. Imadake is a great restaurant where you'll have a fun time and enjoy some great (and reasonably priced) food.  Enjoy an evening with some friend and be sure to order the Saki Bomb.
4	I had the smoked eel and takoyaki appetizers with the char siu ramen.  The takoyaki was great and the octopus wasn't at all tough, which is the case at a lot of places.  The ramen was nicely seasoned and perfectly complemented by the pork belly.  The eel was good, but not amazing.  But I'm also extra picky when it comes to eel.  This is a fun, lively place on the weekends and the atmosphere is great.  Food is better at Kazu but the ambiance is more fun here.
4	The price was fair and the service was excellent. However they should rename this restaurant Sesame Street as they put sesame on everything.
4	I've been to Imadake once and HAD to return two more times. The food was so interesting I really wanted to try it all.In terms of food, the hit for me was the jelly fish salad. Lightly pickled and with such a different texture from... anything else really. Overall all my food items were very tasty, prepared well and cooked to perfection. Everything there has an interesting flavor, out of the ordinary of what it typically expected of Japanese food. Like the gyoza with a lemony taste for example. It is also a place where it pays to eat at the counter and watch the staff cook. They're quite impressive.I like the variety of drinks offered. Sometimes they have it the litchi ramune, which is a personal favorite ! Their sake selection is good, same for the beer (love my Kirin)On the service side, I didn't experience any of the problems some other reviewers seemed to report, and I went twice with another person and once with a group. We always got what we ordered, with a smile and on time.The decor is stripped down to essential and leaves ample room enjoy your meal. The ambiance is excellent... who doesn't like the sake bomb song ritual ?Definitely one of the few places I will return to again and again in the months to come.
5	The more I come here, the more I love it. Similar to Kazu, this restaurant-pub serves great Japanese delicacies that do not include your typical sushi. My favorite dishes are the takoyaki, karaage, and ebimayo, among others like the usual shrimp tempura and dumplings. However, I'd rather order the first 3 and just stick to those along with a few drinks! You get a few small plates, share them with another person and you're good for the night! Also, if you like sake bombs - I definitely recommend getting those (large ones for the more daring). They make it such an enjoyable experience, with plenty of chanting and cheering for everyone to have a good time! It's a lively and rowdy place, unlike Kazu, but it's part of the experience and what makes it a great alternative. It's bigger, but usually needs reservations, especially since the weekends easily get jampacked! Hope you enjoy it as much as I do/did :)
5	This place blows me away every time I come here! Among my usual orders that include the ebimayo, takoyaki, and karaage, this evening my friends and I also ordered the grapefruit and dungeness crab salad that was absolutely amazing, as well as the tsukune that was grilled to perfection. The salad had a great a balance between the citrus and crab, while the tsukune (mix of pork and chicken) just melts in your mouth. Make sure you order them next time, you will not be disappointed!Being a fairly large group, we of course ordered a few large sake bombs... we started off with regular ones, and topped off the night with large rainbow sake bombs. In between, we had a few pints of sapporo that are served on tap.This place never disappoints, the more people the merrier... so come one, come all!
4	Had the Grapefood Salad and pork belly miso soup ramen food is great will go there again
4	SAKE BOMB!Imadake is good food, fun especially with friends. Hung out there for the first time with a bunch of friend and well came away with the same experience. The food was fresh and well priced. The drinks were yummy and the on tap Sapporo was super refreshing. Next time I go I'm trying the ramen it looked awesome as it passed me by. Overall Imadake was full of life and good japanese eats. Can't wait to go again! Pro Tip: If you are there with a group of friend get a round of sake shots . Shake bombs to be specific... you will be pleased!
4	PROS:1. I loved the variety of food and drink items offered. The takoyaki/all items tasted deeeeeelish paired with a refreshing kirin beer.2. The restaurant looks like a cave/den in a good way! I liked the industrial feel of the place. OVERALL:-Go with a group and order lots of dishes to try everything they got!-Great place to try Asian beers/hard alcohol with pairing food. -Perfect for group outings.
4	The environment is very Japanese!! Everyone has the sake bomb!! its interesting!! but gets a little noisy!! but very fun environment! more of a rest bar setting!!I like the food.. only con is that they come in such small portions that you end up spending an arm and a leg!! but the food it great!! love the ramen with pork belly! like the ice cream ball dessert... but its really really small... haha they have a japanese soft drink with a ball in it which is cool too!!
5	The presence of Imadake is their own testament to the trust they instill in the adventurous foodies in Montreal who crave authentic Japanese food that isn't raw, that their introduction will be well received. They are bold to plant a foot down as a freshman with a young concept in a rapidly growing food scene with confidence of being embraced. Thank you Imadake for bringing me a few of my most favorite dishes to Montreal and saving me gas money and 5 hour drive. This place is going to go viral, mark my words.
4	Good Japanese pub food. Had the okonamiyaki and grilled eggplant. Grilled eggplant was coated with a fur of bonito flakes. (I know what you are thinking, but it was great!) Service was a bit uneven, with varying degrees of friendliness and efficiency. But all in all a fun place.
4	Great place for Japanese food and for drinking in a group, the ambiance is great, love the decor and the menu drawings on the walls. The kitchen is opened-space so you can see the chefs cooking.The service was great, all the waitresses and chefs greets you in Japanese when you enter the restaurant. The ordering of the food was fast and efficient, probably because the waitress was using an iPad to place the orders and they were sent directly to the kitchen. All the waitresses were very welcoming and passionate, love the part when they cheer and yell with you when you order a sake bomb.The food tasted great, although the small portion is what one would expect in a bar-restaurant. Most of their alcohol are imported from Japan, hence very pricey.Must go in groups!!
3	I like this place. yet I don't like this place. I give it three stars because of a few things I noticed that I really didn't like. But first, let's talk about the positive:Cocktails are very good and cheap ($8). I had the Hello Kitty which is guava/lime juice etc and it tasted like a smoothie. My friend had a lychee martini and that was good too. Tofu salad was small but packed a punch. It was crispy, delicious, and whatever sauce they put in it was amazing. I really enjoyed the seaweed salad too.Now the negative:I did not appreciate the hot and cold service. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. But on the other hand, the waiter that served me my drink was super cold and did not even give me eye contact.  He came back again the second time. and again did not give any eye contact. nor smile. nor did he say anything. Maybe he wasn't a waiter. maybe he was a busser? It doesn't matter. You should still at least LOOK at your customer.  Second negative point, the ramen was not available to order. Basically it wasn't ready yet. I think when you open your doors to the public, your ramen should be made available. I thought it was quite unprepared of them to not have something like a main dish ready to serve. I'd go again to try other dishes and for drinks maybe. But that's a maybe.
3	The ambiance is great. Our waitress perfect, smily, helpful and fast to serve us. Food is ok. Tasty. But not remarkable. Drinks are good. Sake bombs had a spicy touch to the night.Make sure you reserve, and in our case make sure to verify they have put you on the list of reservation... Which we were not, and we were 10!
3	I couldn't help but compare Imadake to my last Izakaya experience, at Guu in Toronto. I am struggling with my rating for Imadake. The atmosphere was nice. Sake bombs are simple conconctions made interesting by the Izakaya-type yelling that *must* accompany them. Taste great too. I missed the constant Japanese shouts that I experienced at Guu. Was so excited for the "Irasshaimase!!" at the door... that never came.The presentation was also very good. The bonito was served beautifully, as were the black cod (wish the bones had been removed though :( ) and the smoked salmon in tea (pretty presentation, but not nearly enough of the star ingredient.)The food was all very good, but my mango dessert was the best part of the meal. I wish I were more impressed with the mains. The bonito was good, the softshell crab too, the chicken skins were interesting and tasty, the chicken well cooked and juicyYou see 3 stars, but I'm giving it 3 1/2 stars. What swayed me was comparatively higher prices than my Toronto experience, much less impressive Izakaya atmosphere (seems like they've let themselves go), and some unimpressive portion sizes. I was also disappointed that the only tuna item on the menu was breaded. No thanks. No fresh salmon either that I saw. Our server was excellent though. (Note: check your bill as some items may be charged higher than the menu price. My soft shell crab was.)I am still conflicted, but I will stand by a lower Yelp rating for Imadake than I gave to Guu. Still, you'll have fun here, and you'll eat well. Thank you for the great night, Imadake. But, for my next Montreal Imadake experience, I will be heading to Kazu to see if they live up to all the hype. The stories of their lineup leads me to believe it will be more like Guu.
4	I know Kazu is the place to go based on Yelp reviews, but needed a place that takes credit cards.  Leaving tomorrow morning and didn't want to deal with the cash thing, or the long waits.  This place did not disappoint.  Ramen was fantastic.  Char shu was tender and  flavorful.  Karaage was crisp and scrumptious.  Friendly service. Great last meal in Montreal.
2	"Disappointed", "underwhelming", "overpriced" and "over-sauced" are all adjectives that came to mind while eating at Imadake. From reading earlier reviews here, I think we ordered all the right items (octopus balls, okonomiyaki, that fried chicken with wasabi mayo dish, jellyfish salad, black cod), but none of them were that great. The cod was rubbery, unlike at other Japanese restaurants in Montreal (for example, Azuma on St-Laurent had a wonderful black cod). The octopus balls were gummy with un-cooked tempura batter in the center and slathered in salty sauce. The okonomiyaki was so completely covered in sauce, that this was the only thing we could taste. That, and a strange, almost cornmeal-y consistency unlike any other okonomiyakis I've experienced (granted I've only had it once before, in NYC, but it was a wonderful streetfood-style dish there; here, not anything I'd recommend, even if you got the sauce on the side--which I would recommend doing, if you choose to try this dish). We didn't order anything to drink, and to the best of my knowledge, only ordered the five small dishes listed above, plus one order of mochi, and it cost us $67 before tip. I certainly won't be returning. I think this place is more about the scene, as it's got a trendy vibe to it; it's a trendy-slathered-in-oyster-sauce kind of place.
3	Very different, tapas or dim sum style Japanese cuisine. Nice industrial decor, get noisy. Need a reservation as it fills up fast. The server wasn't very informative, so you have to be adventurous and not totally know what you're eating
4	I came out of Imadake feeling like a blimp. The emergency lights were going off as this blimp was having problems walking to his car. I was stuffed. I obviously tried one too many items on the menu and I can only blame my gluttony for that. What I liked the most at Imadake was the freshness of the ingredients. You can tell they select good ingredients for their dishes and that, to me, shows a high level of dedication to not only their food but also their customers. Ingredients are probably the easiest place to cut costs but that is definitely not going on at Imadake as each element feels and tastes like it was made and sourced on the same day.I tried the miso ramen with butter corn and both the potato and corn korroke (the latter is what sent this blimp into overloaded territory). I especially loved the korrokes and would go back to Imadake if only to have them again. Perfect frying. Perfectly crispy, light batter. Delicious. If you go there you need to have both.The ramen was above average when it comes to Montreal fare based on the handful of others I have tried (I have yet to try Kazu's since they only serve it during weekday lunches). Noodles were good. Broth had a rich buttery taste and deep well rounded flavors. Toppings are a bit on the low side as a default so I suggest adding extras and definitely ask for chili to add to it as it rounds out the flavors very nicely.Ambiance is what you'd expect from this type of establishment. It's loud - personally, not my thing but it certainly adds a buzz to the experience. Service was reasonably good. More like a pub type of service. Expect the waiters to place their whole arm across your face while filling your glass of water instead of going on the other side of the table. The type of stuff only some people would notice and by some people I mean people like me who are probably quite picky about service. They're certainly nice enough and the service was quick but it's important to keep your expectations in check when it comes to the details. It is what it is.Overall I can definitely recommend Imadake. They serve tasty / fresh food. Nuff said? Vegetarian food: 4 Hindenburgs out of 5Service: 3.5 Arms in yo face out of 5Value: 4.0
3	I wanna give the service a 2, though the food was pretty solid, I'd give a 4.5I came to Montreal from Vancouver to visit a friend with another friend who was coming from Toronto. We stood at the door for a good 10 or more minutes without even being greeted or acknowledged. Finally someone came and seated us. We then sat for another 10 minutes with no menu, and when we waved someone down for a menu, he looked at us blankly and then said "I'll give you the menus?" . Which we thought was weird and funny at the same time. We ordered a bunch of tapas and they were all really delicious, and finally we tried the sake bombs that made the night great and made me forget about the service. I'd come back for the food and the sake bombs.
4	I've been to Imadake several times and have introduced it to many friends.  It's unanimous: This eatery is all about good food.  My favs are the white fish carpaccio with ponzu, the black cod, tofu salad and of course the yummy Ramen noodles in thick soup broth.  Prices are very reasonable and you can't beat the atmosphere of a Japanese pub and the shout outs of sake bombs.  Beware: noise levels on weekends late nights not for the mild-mannered diner.
4	Japanese resto-bar with tasty tapas-style food and a side of rambunctious fun.Imadake is a blast plain and simple.Good for small or medium sized groups, it's a vivacious dining and drinking environment. It is a high-volume noise restaurant, in part just because of the dynamics of the actual interior design that seems to bounce around the echoes of conversations, in part due to the fact that as the night goes on the high-energy of the place becomes contagious and the civilised rowdiness is catching. the sake bomb shenanigans that is Imadake's schtick may have something to do with that as well. So yeah, you've been warned. It's loud. In a good way.All of the dishes I've had there were tasty and the Green Tea Cheese Cake is a guaranteed mouthparty. I've been several times and still haven't tried everything. There's a solid variety of options for meateaters and vegheads alike. Because of the nature of the tapas-type dishes that encourage you to share it's definitely best had with friends and an affordable way to be satisfied without getting overstuffed.Don't go here expecting a fancy-schmancy dinner or a good place for an intimate date, but bring a few friends and you will have a riot. The staff are friendly, fun and helpful, and service has always been speedy. Order Sake bombs. Just trust me... the staff go all out for those and it's cheesy good fun.Non-vegatarian must-haves: Ashi chazuke with smoked salmon, yakitori, takoyaki, beef tataki with ponzu sauceVegetarians must-haves: the mushrooms, mixed vegetable tempura, goat cheese with raspberry maple syrup, green salad with ginger dressing, seaweed salad, vegetable gyoza dumplings, korokke, agedashi tofu(I'm vegetarian so can recommend more of those options, but the meat recommends are based on my friends' reactions)Only downside... the hard wood benches and seating made my badonkadonk fall asleep like I was sweating in a church pew again. But the Sake bombs helped me forget that too.
4	I had so much fun at this place! I loved the decor and the open concept kitchen, and the atmosphere was very energetic and lots of fun! Sake bombs everywhere! Every time a table orders sake bombs, the waitress leads a drinking chant at the end of which everyone downs the drinks.It's authentic (more or less..) and is meant for sharing, tapas-style. Probably my favourite Japanese restaurant in Montreal.
4	This is an excellent place to go with a big group of people to celebrate anything! The atmosphere is very playful with the lights being temporarily turned off throughout the night so that everyone can join in singing happy birthday and continuous rounds of sake bombs being enjoyed everywhere! We went with a group of about 10 people on a Thursday night and I found the service to be good and the food to be quite tasty. I really enjoyed the Tuna sashimi that was on there special house menu and the fact that you can get a litre of beer for a very reasonable price (but I of course forget what this price was :P). Eat. Drink. And be merry!
4	Seriously fun.It's loud, it's busy, it's a blast. Go with friends, do some sake bombs, eat some tapas-style Japanese food, do more sake bombs. Make sure to re-confirm your reservation before going because they seem to take a few more on than they can handle.
4	I love draft Sapporo!!!!!!!!!!!! so this place is a must!!!! Get the chicken skin, imadake steak and beef tendon!
4	Sake bomb! :)This place is perfect for a group of people, who don't mind noise and want to have fun.
4	I'm a big fan of ramen and prefer Imadake's ramen over the ramen at Kazu and Ramen-ya. The spicy ramen is especially good! The noise level is high and reservations are always a good idea because this place is generally packed at night.
5	The best Okonomiyaki I've had since leaving Japan almost a decade ago, and the Korokke ( deep fried mash potato) is a must have. I cannot recommend this place strongly enough. If you love Japanese food and culture, you need to go as soon as you can.
5	My family loved it here - young and old!  You walk in and it looks like a typical Japanese izakaya place - a trendy bar type of decor.As soon as we sat down and ordered drinks, I ordered my son's ramen.  The waiter came back to get our order, and was honest in telling us that we probably ordered too much (my husband walked in hungry and over -ordered!). He very patiently helped us to narrow down our order, and it turned out to be a perfect amount for us.  Our food came out as soon as each dish was ready and it worked out very well for us - especially the ramen that came out early for my toddler.  Here's what we had:- my son's pork belly ramen with original broth (made with meat bones) - a very good, rich broth with chewy noodles, very tasty pork and bamboo shoots, and bean spouts.  There was a delicious looking half of an egg in there too but my son ate it all so I cannot testify as to how good it was.- the special dish of soba noodles wrapped in seaweed with (tempura?) shrimp inside, and the whole thing was fried.  This was an unusual dish, but it surprised me because I loved it, especially with the sauce it was served with.- sea bass marinated in miso for three days - YUM.  You must order this.- my black sesame seed ice cream was THE BEST of it's kind I've ever had.  It's opaque black, not the weak looking versions I've tried at home. As my dad said in Chinese, "it's very fragrant", which means the flavor is very good.  You must also order this...!All of the following were delicious small plates that we'd order again:- beef cooked on a hot stone- skewered chicken- skewered chicken with plum sauce- skewered sausage- grilled squid- vegetable tempuraThis place served us a great parting dinner in the form of many small and delicious plates to share.  If we lived in Montreal, I can tell you that my husband and I would be regulars here.
5	Yes it's very noisy and I almost left because of that but once the food came, it make you forget  about everything that could bug you even if you are the type of person who like to enjoy a meal in a very calm atmosphere. The miso marinated black cod was perfectly seasoned and cook. It was moist, flaky and melted into my mouth. Beef tataki was tender and perfectly sliced. The fried goat cheese had some kind of fruity sweet sauce on top (prolly a raspberry/red fruit coulis) and it was balancing the saltyness of the goat cheese (you should order that along with a salad and mix em' together like we did. The sea weed and sesame dressing salad was good but a bit underseasoned (mixed with the goat cheese tho it was perfect). We also had some kind of fried octopus balls topped with smoked sturgeon flakes. They we're juicy, well fried, overall.. Lot of flavors! Chicken with plum sauce was surprising because we thought that would be sweet and sour but it was more sour and acidic. It was kinda good but not my favorite (execution of the meal was perfect still).Service was fast and friendly even if we waited a bit for our beer ( they had problem with the draft so I can't penalize them for that). They also offered us a sake bomb at end (witch was not necessary) so it show that they really care about their customer. Will I come back? Yes! I'm going back next week to try more!
3	This classic Izakaya was quite authentic. With the sapporo beer on tap - get the 1 litre!We tried a few dishes, here are my comments:- seaweed salad: the chef recommended seaweed salad was odd. It was a cross between dried seaweed and vermicelli noodle. It was very salty, make sure to have it with another main dish. It does cleanse the palate.- Yuzu chicken: It's fried chicken, the batter however isn't tempura, it's rice cracker... Nothing special. The chicken was tender inside the crispy outside.- Beef on hot stone: best dish of the evening. It was beautifully marinated and fresh. And how cool is cooking raw beef on a super hot stone? The sauce was too much. It was really salty. Try it without first.- Oyster mushroom ramen with original sauce: It was ok. Ramen was nicely done at al-dente but the broth lacked sophistication really. It lacked purity in its flavour. I would have assumed a clear broth but it was murky... Maybe try it with miso next time?As they say "toriaezu biru!!!!!!!!" (with feeling people)And sit at the bar if you don't mind the heat... it's pretty nifty chatting with the staff and watching the food as it gets plated.
4	Yes ! Great spot for a large group, perfect if you feel like having funky shots while screaming SAKE BOMB with the entire restaurant, PLUS they have very nice food. I've been there with a large partying group, but also just with a friend and everytime we enjoy good food and a fun time. Gotta try it ! Try the ebimayo (fried shrimps with peanuts and a spicy mayo!)
3	"Huh?!"  "What!??" "I don't know, I can't hear you!" about sums up my experience at Imadake. Plus, I would give this a 3.5, not a 3 if I could. After a day of drinking, by this time a headache has settled in and coming to Imadake made it that much worse, but in a fun way of course. This was probably the loudest place I have ever been to in my life, which includes concerts, dance clubs and standing inside of a jet engine.The food was pretty excellent though! I don't know the names but we got a beef thing that you cook on an extremely hot rock, the rock stays hot for like 15 minutes wowzaaaa! Delicious. The chicken and pork kafta (I think?) was also pretty awesome. The sake bombs were interesting but plentiful. If you go here, you will either scream "bomb" or hear others screaming it just before they shoot it.
2	Very fun atmosphere they do have the best fried chicken with wasabi mayo. I had their ramen noodles. Lacking in flavor and their pork belly could have been better. Best ramen so far is Ippodu in NYC.
3	I was slightly disappointed by their lunch service. The waiters were pretty careless and the food was really different from what I had during dinner hours.The fish carpaccio had little portion and the fish were not carefully prepared like last time I had it in here, instead the plating was really bad and the soy sauce was spilled everywhere.I think consistency is a factor that needs much improvement. The clumsiness, whether from the service or the food, was probably due to the fact that they pay very less attention to lunch service because not many customers actually came here for lunch. Nonetheless, I expected more finesse and care from the cooks and waiters.
5	Imadake is noisy and fun and delicious. The staff here are excellent, really funny and kind, and attentive to little things that I can't imagine being able to keep track of between the barrage of sake bombs, like keeping our sake glasses full from the bottle we had ordered that was sitting on ice on our table. Or removing the tiny sharing plates as soon as they became empty. Or topping up water glasses, or just gently checkin in on how you're doing with a wink and a smile. I love the big communal table in the middle, perfect for a meal of this type where everyone is sharing and friendly and cheering each other on. Most importantly of course, it's the eats that get the stars. The black cod and the octopus balls are most popular here for good reason, they are delicate, crispy, cozy, delicious and taste of a pub by the sea. The gyoza and veggie tempura were perfect texture, the bacon wrapped asperagus combines two of my favourite things for the win, in general everything I've had here tasted homemade with love, craft, and a sense of humour.
5	Wow, I'm glad I took my friends here even if I had to revisit the frustration of booking our table. Let's start with the frustrating part...We knew this place would be packed, but I wanted us to try sake bombs! My boyfriend called at 5:30pm, asked for a table for 7 people, earliest time was 9pm (wtf), and we'd need to give them our credit card number (double wtf). The girl on the phone was rude, with the thickest accent possible, and had my boyfriend repeat a few things because she couldn't understand. He hung up.. forget it.. At 6:30pm, we really couldn't find anything more interesting than sake-bombs (we live in Toronto, Imadake sounds epic, we gots to go!!). Ok, it was me who called this time expecting the rude girl again. Yep. She picked up. Except this time, 10pm is the earliest time available (zomg). I kept politely pushing, and the manager was luckily in the background, he said.. "Okay, they can sit at the bar." The rude girl actually answered, "Are you SURE?"HA. I GOT US A SPOT FOR 7:30PM!!!!My white friend whispered to me.. "We're in Montreal, yet you still want to enjoy foods from your culture?" After the night, he enjoyed Imadake so much he paid for everything!!!=============THE EXPERIENCEOur goal: sake-bombs.We sat right in front of the bar, best spot ever I tell ya. Service is immediate, beers are served with a snap, and our server/bartender actually had a sake-bomb with us because he saw how much fun we were having. It was fantastic!!!! Sake bombs: a beer + sake shot. The shot glass is balanced on two chopsticks on top of the beer mug. You basically drum the table until your shot falls into the beer... And the staff chants with you, it's much more than, "Hey, let's have shots!"=============THE FOODOmg it's soooooo phenomenal, I cannot believe how everything can taste so amazing. I also appreciate how each (almost) menu item has a photo! Even the drinks menu!!! BEST menu layout I have EVER seen, IN MY LIFE.My favourite dish was the very simple Takowasa: wasabi octopus. It's octopus sashimi, chopped, and mixed with wasabi, served as salad. Soooo yummmWe ordered quite a few things and I can rave all night about it, but I need to keep this review short(ish). So whatever you see on the menu, just ORDER IT. You'll love it!=============SUMMARY: IMADAKE IS A MUSTThank you Imadake for letting us sit at the bar!!!! Thank you, Mr. Bartender, for being SO awesome and having a shot with us! If you enjoy Japanese food (NOT just sushi, I'm talking about yakisoba, seaweed, octopus..), YOU MUST COME HERE.This was our dinner/pre-drink place on a Sunday, 7:30 - 10pm. PERFECT CHOICE.
5	My sister who used to live in Japan now lives in Montreal and told me this is her favorite izakaya style place in Montreal, which is why she brought us there.I was a bit skeptical at first when we got in and I saw the waitresses wearing very very short skirts "schoolgirl style" but I had no reason to worry. The food is solid; I highly recommend the Gindara (miso marinated black codfish).Of course, part of the fun is to do the sake bombs, which is when it gets very loud (WHEN I SAY "SAKE" YOU SAY "BOMB"! SAKE BOMB x 3). Personally I am not big on sake bomb or sake for that matter but they have a full bar so no complaint from me there!Staff was nice and put up with our table with 2 little kids moving around without rolling their eyes, which is cool. They have big tables which makes it good for larger groups.
5	My favorite restaurant in Montreal hands down! As much as I love the cold raw fish entrees, the crispy chicken and fried burdock are a must at the table every single time (and I tend to avoid fried food, but these 2 are ammaaazingly yummy). The feel of the place is as charming as their staff and clientele. Love love love IMADAKE.
5	Waitresses are nice. Good response and definitely know what to do for special occasions. Cute waitresses and good food. What more can you ask for?Highly recommend and be sure to make a reservation.Drink as many saki bombs as you can take get the octopus and stone steak.
5	Yum yum yum yum! This place is always a good time!I've been here several times and have never been disappointed.The food is great, ambience is really cool, and sake bombs are hilarious.The prices are very decent for lunch, but I've never been here for dinner so I can't vouch for that.In any case, definitely give it a try if you can but make a reservation! This place is tiny and always packed to the max. I've also heard that weekend nights here kick butt so try it out and let me know if that's true! :)
5	Food: I came here for lunch and the food here was good. I had their jellyfish salad and the beef tataki ramen with original broth. The broth was just right, full of flavor but not too salty or greasy. I also love rare beef, so this was the ramen for me! The soft boiled egg was also excellent and made correctly. The ramen also came with a regular salad. The jellyfish was nice. From looking at the menu, it would seem like this would be a great place for dinner or late night Japanese pub food. I will have to come here if I'm ever in Montreal again.Service: Their wait staff are nice and friendly here. They are able to speak English. I got to the restaurant a bit early and they let me wait inside for the restaurant to open. The waitress even setup her own mobile hotspot for me to use as the restaurant's wi-fi was not working.Location: The restaurant is very easy to get to via subway. It is just across the street from the Station Atwater. The restaurant is pretty spacious and you can see what's going on the kitchen. The washrooms are located downstairs.
4	Was in Montreal for a weekend and thanks to all the great Yelp reviews, decided to come here for dinner. Even on a Sunday evening in 10 degree weather, this place was busy. Luckily we were still able to get a table without waiting because, well, it's Sunday night and it's 10 degrees outside.We had the tuna special, agedashi tofu, grilled beef tongue, and grilled bacon-wrapped asparagus for appetizers. Then we split the char siu ramen, and ended with the green tea cheesecake. Loved the taste of everything, especially the tuna special. The ramen broth is as good as any I've ever had. Things I wished were better: 1) The agedashi tofu arrived at the table with most of the crispy skin already soggy. 2) Bacon-wrapped asparagus was slightly overcooked. 3) Better staggering of dishes, especially since the table for 2 was rather small.The vibe and decor were great. The chairs were brilliant and came with a compartment for you to put your bag in. If you like sake bombs, you'd appreciate their sake bomb services. Service was prompt, attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. Will definitely come here again when we're in Montreal!
3	Incredible space and pretty good food. I've got to admit that the ambience in this place is electric - it's noisy and face-paced! One thing you can always count on is the constant banging of tables for the sake bombs. This place is great for groups or parties. The food is pretty good but not the best Japanese food that I've had in Montreal.Go for the black cod, dumplings and shrimp! Avoid the noodles - they are nothing special and my group was slightly disappoint with their lack of flavour. SAKE SAKE SAKE GO GO GO
4	Cool Restaurant, the food is good.Recommend: Cod, Takoyaki (fried octopus) and Japanese pancake (seafood) and have a Sake Bomb (beer and sake). Down: This place it loud, go there for the food and fun ambiance but if you want to have a discussion with your friends this is not the place.
5	Agreed. This place is right on. Dinner was seven tapas dishes, each one was spot on. We'd been looking for great Japanese food that wasn't sushi and Imadake scratched the itch. Service was professionally competent to a level rarely seen in Montreal (in other words appeared at all the right times with all the right attitudes) and the entire atmosphere is a fun ride whether or not you're partaking of the crazier, sake-bomb fuelled side.They take reservations and if you're going on a weekend night, I'd recommend them.
5	Delicious food and great attentive service. We had the miso marinated cow tongue (nice and tender with great savory flavors) and a spicy bowl of ramen. Our drinks were also tasty. The Tokyo-tini had a nice clean ginger taste (not too sweet) and the soju with grapefruit was yummy as well. I loved that the "grapefruit" portion of the drink was an entire half of a grapefruit, presented to me on a juicer for me to juice myself. It was quite fun. The was prepared quickly and the staff did not rush us at all on our visit. Finally, for dessert, the black sesame ice cream with its creamy, nutty flavor is a must try! Just check your teeth afterwards...the dark color of the ice cream can leave your teeth looking a little grey :-).
2	We went here because of the good reviews and because they were one of the places still open past 11:00 PM.  Upon arriving, we noticed the place was completely packed, which was a good sign.  We went in, and was finally able to get a seat after about 20 minutes.  We didn't have a reservation, but the place still wasn't very organized in getting us a seat.  At one point they even told us that they had some seats ready, brought us back there to find out that it wasn't ready.So when we finally sat down, we ordered some ramen and some yakisoba.  The ramen arrived quickly, but the yakisoba took forever to arrive.  My wife was almost done eating her ramen by the time the yakisoba arrived.  In addition, both items, especially the ramen, were very salty.  They had put way too much salt in the ramen, and aside from that, it didn't have much taste.  In a previous review, it said the ramen was by far the best in Montreal.  If this is the best ramen in Montreal, then I definitely don't want to try any other ramen in Montreal ever again.  I've had MUCH better ramen in any other city with a decent-sized Asian population.  The yakisoba was a little better, but still had too much sodium.The service overall was a bit slow.  It was understandable since the place was packed with people getting drunk off their sake bombs, but the waitress still took a long time to notice we were waiting for the check long after we were done, even after walking past us a few times.I understand how this place could be a great atmosphere to hang out if you're with the crowd that wants to down sake bombs until piss drunk (which is the only part that allowed me to give the place 2 stars), but if you just want to grab a meal, I'd definitely look elsewhere.
4	Today's lunch service was exceptional, we ordered the amazing Okonomiyaki Poutine from La Poutine Week special, as well as the Gyuu-Dan from their new lunch menu.The poutine was loaded with seafood, and tasted amazing.Come over at night for the SAKE BOMB!
4	They've done a really nice update to their menu; there are now pictures for all items. Although ramen is still close to my heart, I have enjoyed making meals out of appetizers. Mochi egg rolls are delicious, veggie tempura is a generous amount (6-8 pieces), the chicken with wasabi mayo would be perfect if the pieces were a little more bite-size. Not a fan of the seafood pancake.
5	Went to Imadake yesterday for Poutine Week but they had just run out moments before we tried to order. Doesn't matter... we ordered a bunch of dishes and ginger beers; happy again. Their chicken skins were perfectly seasoned and crispier than the colonel's, the spicy shrimp tempura was battered and fried to a beautiful golden brown, octopus balls were bursting with flavour, jellyfish salad was something I had no idea could taste so wonderful... you get the point. Flash forward to tonight. Second attempt at Imadake poutine. Made a reservation no problems, got there, ordered. They have it. soexcited.gif. Comes to our table with a smile. Bonito flakes are dancing atop a pile of homefries, swimming with gravy and blanketed with squishy curds of that good good white stuff - curd life - the whole rested upon a shrimp and ginger pancake (like a pajun but better). Chopsticks up, forks down, poutine smiles all around. TL;DR Best poutine I've ever eaten. Best poutine I'll ever have.
5	A very decent izakaya . This place is ALWAYS packed so prepare yourself for a wild night and lots of noise. Food is delicious (fried chicken skin, octopus balls, miso beef tongue are to die for), Sapporo is flowing (12$ for a LITER, decent princing!) and the sake selection is good too. Weekly specials are always a must.Service is quick, almost too much at times. But I insist on saying that the chefs put much care in their craft (I eat by the bar every time) and no shortcuts are taken in terms of quality and flavor.Take your friends out for a good, decently priced and tasty meal and a huge mug of cold Sapporo !
5	No doubt the best Izakaya in Montreal. Imadake means "Now only". Maybe it suggests livin in the moment.  This trendy lookin place is packed with energy. The service is great and they keep rollin out dishes really fast. One of the best Japanese food I've ever had.We ordered so many dishes and most of em hit the right spot. Not even goin to bother describing what we ordered. It was 8 of us and we almost tried half the items on their menu.  The food is soooo awesome it makes miso hot....That was a bad one....I am soy soy sorry. Have you laughed yourselves to the point of nori-turn????Shoyu can't take it anymore? Are you bento-ver in pain?Food -  Awesome Service - Friendly  & FastAmbiance - Casual / Crowded / Full of energy Worth the money - Yes
4	Looking for a Montreal Isakaya? it is THE PLACE to be. Been there numerous times and food is consistently in very stable standard.  Cocktails are on the sweeter side. Beer and sake are great! Marinated and grilled cod, beef tongue and tuna tataki are my must haves. Took 1 star off because if you are late, lots of items will no longer be available. Kinda disappointing.
4	Was here for my last birthday. This place is so much fun. I would definitely recommend the rainbow bomb for anyone looking to out do the regular sake bomb. The food compliments the drinks really well and the smaller cheap portions leave room to try everything. Great place to go to with friends. Only downside is the reservation process and the hostess was very lost and rude even when i made reservations 3 weeks in advance i had to argue to get a table. Our waiter was great though and really gave us some great suggestions for drinks and food.
4	Can't compare to very good ones, but not bad.
5	Small but packs a punch! Fresh and light ingredients. Wonderful flavours. Must try the sake bombs (they make an event out of it) I had the miso black cod with oysters shrooms and edamame. Also had the vegetarian dumplings. Everything was superb. Great little spot!
4	Authentic Japanese food is very hard to find in Montreal.   This is a great place for ikazaya style and ramen.  There spicy ramen is definitely spicy and unique.  So far the best ramen noodles in Montreal. My other favorites include deep fried gobo, or burdock.   The waitress all wear anime style school uniforms.... Fun place for group.
5	Absolutely the best Japanese restaurant in Montreal outside of a few Sushi bars. The best deal on beer in the city too. A fun and delicious resto.
5	Came here for my friend's bachelor party this past weekend after reading the Yelp reviews. I made a reservation less than a week in advance for 18 and they happily accommodated us. Food is on point, good for sharing and hogging alike.  Drinks, the sake bombs especially, are legit.  We avoided the specialty cocktails as our waitress said they were very sweet, but the beers and run-of-the-mill cocktails (jack and coke, gin and tonic, etc.) were nice. Waitresses were in plaid skirts which, for a bachelor party of 18 was... Well, y'know. Don't think a single one of us had a complaint about the food, drinks, or service.  Oh, and they were nice enough to split our enormous bill for each of us based on what we ordered! Great time, highly recommended!
5	Best Izakaya in Montreal. That. Is. All.
5	At some point you need to say the food here is really as good as it gets for the genre. The ramen was perfect, the mackerel was some of the best I have had. everything was very fresh.The wait staff was on it! they were fun, attentive and joined along in the libations!
5	My favorite izakaya in Mtl. Ambience is noisy, but you only live once. Food is as good as it gets, service is quick but you're allowed to chill out (unlike at Kazu) and enjoy more and more food & drinks. Ingredients are top quality, prices are reasonable and you can see that the cooks put special care in every plate. Highly appreciated. YOLO and Sake Bombs!
5	Always and consistently delicious. A little loud, but a great atmosphere and service. A must for any lover of Japanese pub food.
4	Nice place to have a party. The sake bomb is awesome. But the waitresses doesn't seem to care much when some of the drink is spilled. Just walks away.
4	Loud, fun, sapporo after sapporo. I had a great time here. The food was tasty but not particularly spectacular. Come for the fun atmosphere and put a bit of food in your belly after you've had a few drinks and I'm sure you'll be pleased with the experience!
5	Great birthday dinner at Imadake. This was by far the loudest eating establishment I've ever dined in but it was well worth it. We happened to be served by the manager, Reno who was so generous and nice to us. We had almost everything on the menu it seemed and it was all good. My favs were the radish salad, green salad with ginger dressing, steak, dumplings and the vanilla moche. I hope to go there again and will def say hello to Reno!Saki BOMB!
5	Ok, this place can officially be nominated for the best restaurant in Montreal for both unique, creative, zesty doffs and drinks + outstanding ambiance with crazy vibe So if you have never been there, you're missing out big time.Let me mention it's usually crowded and very noisy, and the pricing is not cheap but worth trying for sure :)
4	We went to this restaurant last night by accident. The second I hit the ground, I know I've get in the right place.The ambiance is great! If you finished a rough day, you really should come here and have some tasty-Japanese-style-bar-food pairing with some amazing sake shots.So, it was our first time dinning here. We obviously did not have a clue what's on the menu since they translated those Japanese dish names literally into english/french. The best option for us is to have someone more experienced to guide us through the fog. Our waitress was definitely good at this and she pretty much went through everything on their menu. Fantastic job!OK, first things first. We had "Takowasa" as the appetizer. It was prepared with octopus and wasabi They made it with octopus and wasabi which wakes your appetite from the deep. And for the main course, I have had a "Gindara", that really deserves a enormous thumb!!! Juicy , crispy,creamy, while taking some Plum wine then you'll feel them splashing in your stomach.And something you can skip: Dashi Chazuke Eel ( $8 for two tiny pieces of eel is too much! ) , Isobe Mochi, Oba to baniku.For keep myself in some suspense that I leave the ramen for the next time. Cause this place really deserves a second chance.
5	Miso marinated cod.  If three words could ever tell a complete story, you just read them.  So rich, buttery and sweet, this 12 dollar plate is an amazing value.  Talk is cheap... Imadake is inexpensive.   Eat here, drink here.   Be happy.
4	Young vibe, NOT a place for babies. Unfortunately the girls at the front were much too nice to tell us that over the phone, so when we arrived a dozen patrons in their early twenties looked shocked out of their pants as they took in the sight of us with a stroller, carseat, and oversized diaper bag. Oh right and a squawking 5 month old. Determined to let not this faze us (and because honestly it took so much effort and walking to get there), we still had dinner. Fortunately it was SO loud at this place, no one could hear my son and he somehow managed to fall asleep despite the loud music and groups banging on the table shouting SAKE BOMB! This meant my husband and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner! We ordered five tapas style plates including a buttery black cod, steak, and wasabi chicken. All the dishes we tried were really good, but fall short of the 5 star mark. Try the ramune- a carbonated Japanese non-alcoholic drink which comes in a very interesting and quite genius bottle. Ot tastes like many chemicals I don't want to ask about, but try it anyway for fun.
5	What a crowded and busy place! However, it's a great restaurant to go to for sake bombs, huge pitchers of Sapporo, and Japanese tapas plates! The environment is fun and loud, so be sure to chant as loud as you can when singing along to "happy birthday" or when I say sake you say bomb!".I would definitely come back for another round of obnoxious fun.
5	A pretty authentic Japanese izakaya, with a Montreal flavour! (with better service though).The food is very tasty, fresh, and I have never waited long for it. Do not expect to walk in at night and get a table - you should definitely call for reservations as it is always busy. The food is reasonably priced, but like any resto, the booze is what adds up - and it adds up quickly here. You should absolutely try a Sake Bomb to warm up.It gets loud, as it should, because it is young and exciting, so I wouldn't recommend it for old fuddy duds who like to complain. It is very English too! So if the language of Shakespeare burns your little ass, try somewhere in the east end and listen to French all night.
4	So much fun. You'll like the experience although it is a nice experience (not for everyone).The food is a lot better that you would expect. It's actually superior to most Japanese pubs in Montreal (if not almost all). The service is efficient and they adapt well if you want advice or if you prefer to be in your bubble for a date. They have one of the largest selection of sake in the city.Certainly a great place for a meeting between friends and even in big groups. A sure bet for a good time.
5	Amazing place.Fun time...had a blastGreat food Pork belly Ramen to die for"Must TRY" Blackened Cod is out of this worldCow tongue was deliciousGreat Bar and Drinks, great place for a birthday Party or a first date
4	I have been craving some Japanese Izakaya for quite some time and have been watching Imadake and the reviews closely looking forward to the day in which I could try it out!  Japanese Izakaya is getting quite popular in Toronto and Vancouver and other cities because it's a very easy concept.  Small appetizer plates but very tasty with a Japanese theme.  In Japan this is Happy Hour food and beer for you mid-western folks out there!  A seriously awesome concept!  Okay enough with my intro.......onto the food!  Since my wife is an Izakaya newbie I didn't order many of the crazy dishes I'd normally such as ox tongue, chicken skin or other fishy North American "not so used" to dishes.  The evening throw down was this:  Gomae-  smaller portion but nice sauce and quite good.  3 / 5Seaweed Salad-   great dressing fresh and light  3.5 / 5Shimesaba-   smaller portion cuts of fish but nicely done.  3.5 / 5Chicken yakitori skewers in a sour plum sauce-  yummy tender thigh pieces.  4 / 5Takoyaki- On Osaka classic lightly doughy and good. Not as much tako meat more dough but good.  3 / 5Vegetable Yakisoba- done with a nice bulldog tonkatsu sauce taste and flavourful  4 / 5Vegetable Tempura- I've had better elsewhere. Crisp but batter could have been better 2.5 / 5To wash it down I chose a large $10 Sapporo.  My wife had a mojito (she claimed devishly fantastic).  I'll have to try some of the other Izakaya in the YUL but I'm down with this joint.  Be careful kids.  Lots of homeless people in the sketchy neighbourhood.  A rather unfortunate minor concern but be aware!
4	Almost everytime I've come here, it's been busy, with lines out the door, or some crazy wait time. Now I know why! The food is great! Don't be fooled by what seems to be small portions for what ostensibly may be 'appetizers' (you'll be surprised at how full you'll be, unless you order just one item). The staff is very accommodating, and check on you every few minutes, quite literally. Service is quick, clean, and courteous! Check it out!
5	LOVE. THIS. PLACE!So many different options to chose from. Some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. SOOOOOOO great! I can't wait to go back! Totally worth the cost of the plates. It's how much alcohol you drink WITH your plates that will jack up your bill. But still, worth it.
5	Ain't no place in Montreal like this bar .More like A GREAT Izakaya--well known and situated downtown. Imadake is one of my favourite place to hit up on Friday / Saturday night to have a night filles with fun and .... SAKE of course. Although, I have various memorable nights and night I had forgotten.... Imadake will always have a certain place within my heart. It is my Izakaya in Montreal to party and enjoy drinks without any worries. Food is pretty decent--above average in term of quality. Price is somewhat are bit more expensive as they are usually serves in tapas format. However... they have a magnificent choices of boozes --plenty of sakes type and beer.Hey YELPS SAPORO + SAKE means one thing. ONE GREAT NIGHT OF FUN . Don't forget to try the house's drink the sake bomb as a mean to be part of the ambiance and the festivities that can result out of your experience. Lastly, service is great. This place can get very busy and crowed especially on Friday and Saturday . Be sure to reserve your places :) Nonetheless, I'm sure the nice and polite staff will help you have a memorable Izakaya as they really like people to come back. I really wish everyone a good time here and just enjoy the experience !
4	Ok still very yummy and fun for sure. No question. I ducked in here for a super quick lunch today and it was great, I didn't have to wait, the spicy ramen was quick and hearty and I was in and out in 30 minutes in time for my next meeting. But something about the harsh light of day revealed some dust and strain I hadn't noticed while doing sake bombs before, and in the bathroom downstairs the toilet wouldn't flush and the tap on the sink was pulled out of its base and busted and there was some general grime. Not a huge deal but I think a bathroom reflects on the overall state of things in the kitchen and this one left me mildly worried.
3	We went to this Japanese style pub on Saturday night and we unfortunately had to wait 20 minutes at our table before anyone took our order for drinks. This was frustrating considering part of the floor staff was not busy and just moved around without paying attention. We ordered multiple dishes and asked to have some served as appetizers to ensure we keep the most spicy ones for the end. Disappointedly, the dishes arrived out of order. For the good points, there is a large selection of sakes and other drinks at fair prices. The dishes are well presented and most are yummy without being exceptional. The venue is pretty big and can accommodate large groups with plenty of lengthy tables. All in all, this is a mixed bag and not among my favourite Izakayas. Would only go again for drinks or before seeing a movie at the nearby movie theatre.
2	I went there during lunch and got their okonomiyaki and takoyaki. The food took forever to arrive at our table and it wasn't really worth the wait. I would go again later in the day for a more authentic Izakaya experience. Not to self: try their sake bomb.
4	Order sake bombs. The menu is designed very well because its all small portions at a time. You eat as you go and try many unique things.
5	Sake! Sake! Sake! This place has great food no doubt about it. It generally served in smaller portions but there are some options for more of a full meal if you so desire. I happened to order several small plates along with a big one (I have a tapeworm i know). The rice ball was my favorite. Think of it as a pork wrapped sushi roll with unagi sauce and you got it. Great service. Great ambiance. I would love to come back!
4	Imadake is a proper Japanese style Izakaya,Trendy, loud, filled with Japanophile patrons and including a host of attractive Japanese waitresses. A definite must for any manga or anime  fanboy/girl.In terms of food, if you want to sample pretty much exactly what authentic izakayas in Japan serve, this is it. From the takoyaki to the okonomiyaki to the takowasa, to the kara age... this $hit is for real. No doubt.They also have a house special known as the sake bomb. I don't remember much aside from blasting a few and singing, one thing leading to another and waking up the next morning next to a beautiful girl from Shizuoka. Life is like that sometimes, isn't it.Keep in mind that if you're actually hungry and not just nibbling this place has always set me back $60 when all is said and done. Just saying.Enjoy!
3	I like how imadake makes it feel like authentic Japanese restaurant however the experience I got was a little disappointed,  it was a busy day with a rowdy crowds everywhere so service was lacking while I had a increasing headache . The food presentation was very nice , taste was satisfying .
5	Must go! Love this place! Great food! Amazing atmosphere.This place is hip, fun and a cool urban spot everyone must check out in MTL.Food is great. A lot of their food is Cooked on a charcoal grill and has amazing, full flavors. Its tapas style so you can order a lot of smaller dishes and taste test a bunch of different things!Its asian fusion so you would have to like those kind of flavors to enjoy the food to its fullest.Great urban decor, and this place has an upbeat, party kind of vibe. Great for birthday groups, but maybe not so much for a first date. It is VERY loud, some people might find it bothersome. But if you are lame and don't like to have a good time when you go out, stay home and order in, this place won't be for you. Going in a group is best. Or as a couple if you are down to have a couple drinks and let loose. Service is a bit slow sometimes, it is always at full capacity with reservations and walk ins. I suggest Strongly to make a reservation.They have a private party room that fits up to 30 people you can reserve if you are a huge group, there is a MASSIVE TV in their so you can watch the game if you wanted. (only tv in the restaurant is in the private room)All in all, I give Imadake 5 stars because I believe it's a MUST check out spot that I would guarantee people enjoy. Foods good (3.5-4 stars), fair prices, fun atmosphere!Cheers
4	A must go place to enjoy with friends.The food is delicious but you have to be very prepared to pay for that. I liked most plates that I ordered except for the smoke salmon soup. The best one so far were the Ebimayo and Takoyaki (fried octopus)
4	- good staff, although they work so fast that end up taking off your food from the table before you finish it. - place has a strong smell of food. Your clothes will get that smell.- Good location- very loud place- women restroom wasn't very clean- food is very good! I would recommend deep fried goat cheese, okonomiyaki, ebi mayo, takoyaki. - very pricey! Tip: make a reservation before arriving there.
