1	Everyone is a scam artist is Las Vegas and this Hertz location is no better.We reserved a hybrid, we got a regular gas guzzling camry that stunk of cigarettes and their crappy good for nothing GPS that couldn't find it's way out of a paper bag.Most Hertz places will tell you that you DON'T need to get the $45 insurance if you have your own. The lady here INSISTED we needed it and when I explained that I'm no newbie to car rentals and that my own insurance was fine, she tried to sell me on the $22 insurance.Don't use their boarding pass printer either, the thing runs on the slowest connection ever and it'll take you half an hour to get your pages to load. And then you'll have to pay more to print them.F this place, seriously.
1	AAA made my reservation for the car and the woman at the desk had the audacity to say that the car I chose was unsafe and the way that AAA does reservations is incorrect and that it was a huge hassle for her to give me the rate I was expecting.I will not go back to this place and filed a formal complaint with Hertz online.
2	Hertz, like most rental car companies, has a business model built on duping you into things you do not need.  I thought I had effectively navigated the forest of forced upsell.  However, I thought I was really smart when I agreed to the Fuel Purchase Option (FPO).  They were going to fill the car up for me at return for $3.52 a gallon, five cents cheaper than the station on the corner!   Heck of a deal!What the agent at the time of rental conveniently sidestepped in her canned, rehearsed spiel to sell me the FPO was that you pay for a full tank of gas NO MATTER WHAT.  Basically, the FPO is only cost effective if you are able to return the car on fumes.  I made my displeasure with this misleading practice known and the agent at the time of return did give me a $30 credit.The car itself was ok.  It did shake quite a bit upon braking towards the end of the rental, leading me to believe it was on the verge of a major problem.  To make myself feel better, I tried not to imagine the idea I had just drove a possible death trap through the mountains of Southern California.The wait times for service at the counter upon rental and return were also unsatisfactory.  The morning I rented the car the self-serve kiosks would not work correctly and there was only one agent working.  (A note to companies who use self-service kiosks: They are only effective in replacing human employees if they work.)While I was returning the car, my turn at the counter was preempted about five times by a "Hertz Snooty Ultra Gold I'm Better Than You"  club members.  I understand rewarding good customers, but Hertz needs to find a better balance in order to offer efficient customer service to all their customers.In summary:Positives:There was an attempt at customer service to "smooth" out my complaint about the FPOThe price was reasonableNegatives:Quality of the vehicleLength of wait at counterWould I rent from Hertz again?  Meh.
5	Compelled***Full disclosure***  I'm a Gold Plus Member.  Some reviewers complained about customer service, but since I go straight to my car and almost never talk to anyone may be why I'm giving them so many more stars than the others.  Like other reviewers of rental car companies (ANY brand), I hated renting cars.  Unfortunately, as a business traveler, it's a necessary evil.  I've rented from hole-in-the-wall joints (where you could swear the car was held together with glue sticks), as well as the big boys (where you could swear the employees were cardboard cut-outs).  In all my years of renting, Hertz, and more specifically this location, ranks at top of my list.  So why, then, am I giving 5 stars to a location where I don't ever get face-to-face with employees?  Because on the rare occasion I have had to speak to a desk agent, I was never upsold (perhaps because of my Gold membership preferences), never pressured into taking insurance and never asked twice about buying a full tank of gas (Gregory A., I empathize, buddy - my wife forced it on me once several years ago and I never looked back).  My past three rentals from here occurred in the past 6 months and each time I received an upgrade: once I had to turn it down because I actually needed a minivan instead of a full size SUV and on another occasion, they gave me unlimited mileage on a car that should have only had 100 miles per day.  Because of these actions, I felt compelled to give these guys a great review.  Sure, I don't stand in line, nor am I impressed with any anxiety about turning down the LDW and CDW.  But that's why I pay for the privilege of not having to deal with those things.
3	I booked my one-way rental online, so when I arrived the morning of the pick up the check in and rental process went through with no hassle. The customer service was ok, nothing noteworthy.
4	I'm with Patrick D. in that I'm a Gold Plus member and I've haven't dealt much with many of the staff. I have never had an issue with my reservation and have always been in and out of this place pretty quickly. No issues so far.Of course, if I was renting for personal reasons, I would choose another rental car agency because Hertz is generally the more expensive option. They usually have better car options, though. So if you care what kind of car you're driving and don't mind paying extra, Hertz would be the way to go.
5	I have rented cars out of the LAS airport multiple times, and I have never had any issues at all. You grab the bus over from the airport and the ride takes about 7 minutes. You walk into the main hub building and turn right... Can't miss it!I have always had reservations and they have never been a problem. Walk into the lot, grab your keys and go! I had an unlimited miles mid size car for a total of 28 hours (one night) and the cost not including fuel was $123.00... Mind you I picked up and dropped off at the same location.The drop off is super easy (easy access from highway 15) and quick. Pull up, they do an inspection and print you out your official receipt, bing bamb boom, no problem!TIP: If you are dropping off and plan to catch a flight, the entire process to get into the garage and to the airport takes about 20-30 minutes including the bus ride over... Plan accordingly!
4	I arrived at midnight, having been up (without sleep) for 43 hours.  Being a Gold Club member, I bypassed the long line and went directly to the Prius that I'd reserved several months ago.  When I got in the car, to my dismay, there was no GPS unit.To make matters worse, the Gold Club office had the distinctly Unhelpful sign on the door directing me to the main office...and the long line!Being very tired and pretty grumpy already, I was very unhappy to find myself standing in that line.   It seemed to take forever...& I just wanted to get to the hotel and SLEEP!Soooo...by the time I got to the front of the line, I had a full blown scowl on my face.  This was made worse (I suspect) by the probability that the lack of GPS was my own Internet failing.The person behind the counter was an artist.  Respect.  No attempt to minimize the inconvenience or deflect blame - all tactics which increase irritation in the already irritated.  I very quickly acknowledged (within myself) that she had had Nothing to do with the circumstances leading to this situation.Furthermore, she was currently doing her best to resolve the situation.After all was said and done, I upgraded to the Mercedes.  Decided...what the heck...Vegas...treat myself!Down to Four stars cuz there was no one in the Gold Club Offce.  Up to Four Stars cuz the person downstairs deserves a promotion!
4	I've rented cars plenty of times, mostly from Hertz since my company has a corporate discount with them... and every time I've done so, I've had a satisfactory experience.  But this last time, I rented a car at the Hertz Las Vegas airport location, and my experience was more than satisfactory - it was great! Why, the jump in enthusiasm, you ask?  Likely because I became a Gold Plus member... It's free and totally worth is to get VIP service!  As Patrick D mentioned in a previous review, the perks come from not having to deal with annoying customer service people.  It's so nice to skip the line, look for your name flashing, head to your car and waalaaa - you're on your way!Thank you Hertz for supplying me with a safe car, for your GPS, and your easy online booking system... I'm almost looking forward to renting a car again on my next trip.  Almost!
3	I had an internet deal for this place. I usually rent from Alamo, but the reserved price was less than Alamo.I should have checked the fine print, turns out the car was $100 more than what I thought I was getting.The only bonus is that the return lane is before most of the other places.Good thing I am playing with house money and it doesn't come out of my pocket. I'll be using Alamo from now on.
4	Renting a car from Hertz in Las Vegas is a snap.   Since I am a Gold Member, I make my reservation on their website and the car is waiting for me when I arrive.   No fussing about.   In, out and off to some new adventure.  On the rare occasion when they are having difficulties, they have done their best to make things right.   The crew there is pretty good.   Returning the car is a snap as well.    The return lanes are clearly marked and the check in process is pretty quick.   It takes about as long to get your stuff out of the car as it does for the crew to print out your receipt.   Will I be back?   Of course, places are too far to walk in Las Vegas!
4	I love the Hertz at Mc Carran Airport. It's a good thing that I am a Hertz Gold Member as they text me with the stall number of my rental vehicle when I arrive. Can you say....AWESOME!!
4	When I walked to the Hertz counter and saw the line, I thought it would take forever! Wrong! It took about 10 minutes! They have three virtual agents you can talk to on the phone and five live agents. You walk directly to your car and you don't have to inspect your car because they "don't send damaged cars out." When you return, they offer to take you to the airport in the same car. Ask for Hugo! Cool guy.
5	Having a gold membership makes everything so simple. You get to skip the lines and walk directly to the garage and pick up your car without any hassle. The price is good too. I paid a total of $80 to rent a Camry from Friday-Monday.
3	I started with Hertz a while back and it's just a rental place. Not sure if I will remain loyal. I've had issues with the booth with their micro sales (navigation, extra's, etc.) and the malfunctioning kiosks that send you right back to the sales booths...
2	My recent Hertz rental was an exercise in Hertz screwups followed by poor customer relations. I made my reservations fine, got through the rental desk OK and found the car I was expecting in the parking slot I was given. At the exit gate, the attendant informed me though, that I had taken the wrong car. Not that Hertz could possibly  screwed up but that it was all my fault. He directed me to the counter in the garage, which turned out to be manned by a truly condescending creep who eventually, and nastily, managed to issue me a different vehicle. When I inquired about the 4WD drive capabilities of the new one, as I was headed to the Grand Canyon, he told me there was never any snow at the Grand Canyon (there was a foot of it and very icy roads) and strongly implied I was a fool.The car was fine and the return check-in went smoothly. From the other reviews here, I'd say that, unless you're a Hertz Gold member, don't use Hertz in Las Vegas. I never will again.
1	I am a frequent renter (Five Star) with Hertz and next to the Phoenix airport location, the McCarran Airport location has to be one of the worst Hertz locations in the USA.My latest rental from this location was a 2 day one way rental from Vegas to Phoenix. After enduring a 25 minute wait to get our vehicle (This airport location has issues often times with having cars ready for Five Star and Presidents Circle renters) and having to put up with the plain rude customer service from the Gold Rental booth we received a car with a large scratch and slight dent on the drivers rear door.Problem is I did not notice this damage until my daughters and I stopped in Henderson to get lunch on the drive back home to Phoenix. And yes I usually visually inspect vehicles when renting but as a frequent renter with Hertz and Avis one usually receives a well maintained vehicle and unlike Enterprise or Alamo you don't have to check for damage before driving off.Luckily after a number of phone calls I was able to verify that the damage had previously been noted and it appears that that McCarran airport location was simply trying to offload this vehicle to the Phoenix location and we were the transport drivers for the car.Avis is FAR superior at the McCarran airport location and if you are a frequent renter (and non frequent renter in that case) I would definitely avoid the Hertz McCarran airport location when flying into Vegas.
2	I was a prior Gold Member,and found that service `better` than normal renting. However my loyalties switched b/c Alamo/National/Enterprise usually cost less and, are self serve kiosks at the rental center. With Hertz,they do the `in person` thing and its an opportunity to upsell you on inurance,prepaid fuel,accessories etc. If you use Hertz I suggest gold card,otherwise seek other brands,why?= you will be subjct to the old fear factor of insurance- `by ours you will be resp if your car is stolen or damaged`, really? doesn`t hertz have insurance?..Today most cc & insurance co have fair insurance provisions,check your policy and don`t be intimidated by fear tactics. Tactic #2 is to `prepay fuel`.They advertise a `lower than reality` price however unlike the gas stations that advertise built in taxes, Hertz advertises the price without the tax so 3.80 per gal on the street looks like 3.45 or so in the rental center.On top of which,, you must prepay the WHOLE TANK. So lets say you used the whole tank,you`d have to run it back bone dry to get any value,and if you did leave gas in there, its that much more you paid for in advance that they profit on!...Prepaid gas? DONT DO IT Upgraded inurance waivers? Fool if you do.  Overall the car was clean and late model enough and the xm was a nice included touch.
5	The staff bent over backwards to help me find an SUV that suited my needs better than the Dodge Charger that I was originally going to rent. They actually walked with me out on the Gold lot to find the best vehicle, which was very impressive. I was also very happy with the cost.
2	This is an exercise in frustration, but then again what car rental company makes things truly easy? From Thrifty's "Gas receipt requirement" to McCarran's Budget location not letting me leave without getting insurance, this Hertz was no different. Particularly annoying, they had no live agent available, so I had to use that frustrating computer terminal hooked up to a system with a webcam and a huge phone. Aside from looking like a complete idiot using this thing, it is very cumbersome using a huge phone and sliding my credit card in and out. Being a Canadian of course I couldn't swipe my license, so I had to hold it up to the camera while "Dominic Q" squinted and recorded it which took 2 minutes or so. This was a birthday trip to Vegas so naturally I wanted to get on my way. He insisted I had a wonderful upgrade to provide me with as they "like to do that with birthday guests" He was upgrading me to a Chevy Sonic....which he explained was a 3 level upgrade? What the heck was my first car going to be? Visions of a 86 Chevette danced through my head. His big selling point was the Sirius radio, whoop de do. I just wanted to get on my way so I agreed. Now the most fun, "Dominic Q" insists I should prepay my gas as they always do. I always decline right away. He insisted however that gas out in Las Vegas is $4.02, and will high $4.10 by the weekend guaranteed. I found that odd, considering I was certain Nevada gas was in the 3.50 range. Either way I told him I'd take my chances, he sighed and said, "it's just $43 to refill come on, no big deal right?" I said it was, and would appreciate him not deciding it for me thank you. I finish up and get out to the garage.Sure enough there's my white Nevada Plate Chevy Sonic. I popped open the trunk and it was completely filthy with rocks and gravel. Oh well, I just chuck my suit case in the back seat, wanting to get the hell outta there.Exit the parking lot, first thing I see, gas at the nearest station is $3.35.Thanks for your honesty Dominic Q.
4	We needed a car for a one way trip back to San Diego and my usual go to company's price for the trip was ridiculous so we turned to Hertz.First off, calling to schedule a pick-up was pretty easy, even though they route you through a call center, the good news is that you will actually get a hold of someone. From there on you can schedule a pick-up and drop off and get a confirmation.At the location location (The Airport at Gilespie & George Crockett) after waiting in line and talking to the clerk, (the guy sold us on an upgrade for a Prius) the total time in and out was about 20 minutes.  The clerk was professional and helpful.The car was new and only had about 7700 miles on it. After taxes and fees it ran about $93 for a day.  Not bad considering it was the Las Vegas Airport location and one way. Avis wanted about $200 so I didn't feel too bad about it.  It made it all the way from Vegas to San Diego on one tank of gas and cost less than $30 to fill up.Even though you can probably rent a car for cheaper outside the city, I was pleased with this place.  Anyway, Hertz will be the first company I go to when in Vegas, at least until I find something better.
5	First, sign up for Gold Club.I used Hertz at McCarran airport in Las Vegas and it was, from start to finish, a pleasant, efficient and wonderful experience. I'll use Hertz again.I will, however, endeavor to avoid getting a Dodge Avenger as it is a real, fuel guzzling, piece of junk. Not Hertz's fault but nonetheless, part of the experience.Cheers to Hertz for a great rental system.
1	Hertz Las Vegas provided me with my worst car rental experience to date. Period.First, I signed-up for the Gold Club membership before I left (booking and signing-up online), and I was told that I needed to visit the counter for the first rental.  This made sense; no problem.As we landed in Las Vegas, I received a text notifying me that a Kia minivan would be waiting for me in a particular slip, and I had the option to change it.  Since I had requested a Dodge Grand Caravan, I denied the Kia.  The next car sent to me was in fact the Dodge, and it told me which slip to go to.When we arrive at the terminal, at about 9:00 PM, I found the Hertz counter and was the third person in line.  There were only two people working the desk (surprising to me in a city the size of Las Vegas), but I figured it should move quickly enough.  Remember, the website said I had to go to the counter for the first time using my new Gold Club membership.Issue 1:  It took 20 minutes to get to the counter because of the two people in line ahead of me.  That's ridiculous.When I got to the counter, the woman looked at me like I was stupid and said, "You're Gold Club, you could have just gotten your car."  I said, "No, the website said I needed to appear here at the desk the first time before using it."  She replied, "Uh, no?"Issue 2:  The desk personnel were rude.I thanked her and went out to find my Dodge Grand Caravan in slip number five, except slip number five held a Chevy Traverse--not even the same type of car.  So, I pulled the wife and four little girls together and we walked back to the office and got in line again.Issue 3:  The wrong car was in the wrong slip.When I got up to the counter, I explained what happened, and the desk clerk said, "Oh, cars get put in the wrong space all the time."  (Really? First, that's dumb, second, that's unprofessional, and third, you should apologize, not tell me that your poor business practices are common practice.)  I also asked about the car seats.  She rolled her eyes and said, oh, yeah, they're in the back.Issue 4:  I had booked them in advance, so why were they not given to me when she first checked me in?She asked me if I noticed what car was next to the Traverse, and I said it was a Dodge Grand Caravan.  She tapped away on the keyboard for about five minutes and said, "Oh, here. Ok, you can take that one."I walk the family back to the Grand Caravan, carrying the two car seats and our luggage.  I load-up the luggage, and the wife and I spend a bit getting the car seats installed for the littlest girls.  When the family was finally settled (we're now about 40 minutes after arrival at this point), I reached for the key and found none.  Instead, I saw an electronic panel over the key that said, "Swipe Card to Continue."  Card?  What card?  My credit card?  I looked for a swiper and couldn't find one.  My wife looked too, and nothing.I get out of the car and go back to the rental office, and stand in line again.Issue 5:  If you see a customer is having this much trouble going in and out of your office because of your own service issues, you should address the problem and bring me out of line.When I got to the desk, I described what I saw with the swipe panel, and she looked dumbfounded.  Another desk person looked at me and didn't know what I was talking about either.  A third desk person, in the back, came out and asked me to repeat what I'd said.  He said, "Oh, that's a Hertz To Go car" (or something like that, I forget the exact name of the service).  You can't have that one.  We can't rent that one to you.Issue 6:  Know your products.  Please.She then tapped away for an eternity again, and she said, "Okay, I found you another minivan. Let me go see if it's even in the slot before I give it to you."  She disappeared for about ten minutes, and then came back into the office.  She said, "I found you a Kia, and I brought it up to the other one so your wife can move the luggage and the kids."Issue 7:  I didn't want the Kia in the first place, remember?  Whatever.  Also, no offer to help assist with the moving of the luggage or the car seats?  Really?I said, "We've been here now more than an hour. My family is exhausted. Because this has been screwed-up from the second I arrived now three times, is there anything you can do for me on this to make it right?  Can you throw-in the car seats?"She replied with, "No, we don't do anything like that. I can give you a voucher for 10% off your future rental with us though." I assured her that it wouldn't be a problem, as I wouldn't ever be renting from Hertz again.  She shrugged her shoulders and said, "Next in line?"I'm running out of room to finish, but we also experienced a return agent who had NO idea how to use his scanner and took 10 minutes to check us in, and they also managed to mysteriously add a "Ski Rack" fee of $98.00 to the bill--on a minivan--in Las Vegas--in Summer. (There was no rack.)
1	Very poor experience at Hertz Las Vegas airport!!  Might as well use a bargain rental agency.  Hertz is supposed to be "the name" in car rental, but they failed me.Went to get my car, only to find that it was dirty.  Very dirty.  I could see where the car had been taken through the automated car wash, but I could also see every area of the car that isn't reached by that automated car wash, and apparently isn't reached by any of their lazy employees either!  When I went to complain, it took a while to find someone who wanted to claim that they were in charge of this circus.  When I finally did, the supervisor would provide me with a clean car, but rather took us though the automated car wash again.  I have to admit, that's a part of Las Vegas that I hadn't seen before, but the car was still dirty in most of the places that it was before we rode through the car wash.Very poor product.  Very poor service from supervisory staff.  Done with Hertz.  I paid more to rent here to avoid the BS that's abundant at the discount car rental joints.  Apparently, it's not worth it.
1	It used to be that when I rented from Hertz, I got a new-ish car, well-equipped, properly serviced, and efficiently delivered. No more. This is my second poor experience with Hertz in a row, so I am a Hertz customer no more.I arrived at McCarran airport in Las Vegas and headed for the rental car area, where I had a reservation. Service was painfully slow, even though there were only a few people in line. There was a manager hovering around in the background, drinking bottled water, and moving in & out of his office, but doing nothing to bring down the wait time. Finally I used a kiosk, and got my car, after about 50 minutes (!).The car I got was a previous-generation Toyota RAV4 with 36,000 miles that drove like it had 130,000 miles. It was a VERY basic, stripped model, and not especially clean either. I was too tired to go back to the counter so I took the car. I soon discovered that Hertz replaced the OEM tires with very substandard (cheap) rubber, which affected handling and vibration at highway speed. Also, the windshield washer/wipers didn't work well, and on a cold morning smeared my windshield so badly that I had to pull over. Considering the ridiculous added fees from the airport & Hertz, paying over $400 for this piece of junk for 6 days is a poor value. I am tired of paying premium prices for KMart level services with Hertz. Bye, bye Hertz.
3	Usually pretty happy with Hertz, this time we got a bit of a beater. Car had 42k, had a powerful deodorizer smell, and the key fob for the door locks didn't work. Pretty icky inside as well, after 42k.
1	Terrible, terrible fleet!  And the worst customer service in the business! We reserved a midsize SUV - they only had 2 and each smelled terrible (mostly of cigarette smoke) and had around 60,000 miles each.   Instead they gave us a large SUV with an $80 upgrade with XM radio and satellite navigation.  As soon as we drove of the lot we realized it didn't have XM or navigation.  The back seats were left in so it wouldn't hold our luggage well and the steering had problems.  We told two Hertz clerks, one at our hotel and one at the adjoining hotel that we wanted to switch the car and NEVER got a call back in the 5 days we were there.  We called Hertz customer service and the manager was unreachable - we let a voicemail message but NEVER got a call back.  We called when we returned home and were cut off. Terrible, just terrible, customer service.  Beware.
5	As Gold Club members, we are pleased with the service provided to us at Hertz McCarran Airport. Wayne was especially helpful as he offerred to bring us to the airport instead of catching the shuttle. Thanks Wayne! We rented the Mercedes C250......nice car.........drives well..........but a little small. No problems. We'll use Hertz again.
4	I am a Gold member and picking up my car was quick and easy.  I received an email which told me exactly what parking space my car was in. I reserved a Ford Focus and ended up with a Chevy Malibu.  It would have been nice to get the make and model that I reserved, but the Chevy was okay and got me where I needed to go. Return was also quick and easy.  Customer service was good.
1	The worst customer service in the business! There are many other rental agencies to rent from.Had an issue with the bill.... Lady at the desk was nice and said she couldn't assist me. I asked for the manager.  I told him that I rented from Hertz all the time and didn't understand the issue with the bill.  He bluntly said, If you rent from us all the time, you should be familiar with our policies.  No customer service skills at all!
5	Great people, Good cars!
1	Terrible service, I had made a reservation through Priceline couple of months prior to arriving & the Reservation was not honored because they did not have enough rental vehicles on Thursday night12/26/14 for a small vehicle. The line was really long. We had to wait for a vehicle to become available. The rep. behind the counter was telling me they had over 5,500 vehicles, but none was available.
1	Very poor / incompetent customer service (800 number, but was in LAS).  Wanted to pickup wife's car since her flight was delayed by 2hrs and I was on reservation.  First agent told me I'd have to cancel her reservation and make new one (at higher price) and got very rude with me when I asked her to get a manager on the phone.  Then, manager says it will be no problem, but then proceeds to start to cancel reservation and make new one (which will be at full rate)...  Had to stop her before doing damage.  What's really crazy, is that she was going to cancel my wife's reservation (who has a different last name than I do, they had the wrong phone number for, and had no other proof that I even knew her other than I knew her name (I have no reservation number, wasn't even sure she was renting at Hertz.  I told her that I was shocked she was going to let me cancel the reservation...  She tried to defend it as not a bad idea...  Indefensible.  I'm going to be writing another review about the last experience I had with Hertz too. It's clearly a very screwed up agency in the customer service department.  She took my number, I know I'll never hear from anyone as was case last time.  Don't rent from Hertz, they don't have a clue.
1	We were in town for CES and I always like to have a car to get around. After having a bad experience with Hertz, we were left walking to Enterprise looking for a car. I had reserved a car from Hertz online only to find out that the rate went from $128 to around $350 because it was an airport location. I know why they did not ask for my credit card online. I walked out of Hertz with them canceling my reservation. While walking to Enterprise a woman asked if they could give us a quote. While seeing a small place that I had never heard of made me leery, I decided to give it a try. From there I met Ali at E-Z Rent-A-Car. The price that Ali gave me was cheaper than the original quote and made sense. Ali said that they did not have a lot of cars in due to CES and so he flipped the car around and asked me to pick any car, I picked the Camaro. Ali said that I was in luck. The total that was given to me was the total that he was charging for the Camaro since they only had premium cars available. Wow. I am happy. I had already declined the added insurance, but added it since I know that rental companies give a spiff to the agent if they get insurance added (and I also had a nicer car), I decided to add the insurance and a second driver. The car was nice, although everyone on the strip had one it looked great. I did not worry so much about scratches only noting one scratch I felt that I didn't care since I had their insurance and we were off.It was too easy I thought. The car ran great, no problems. Everyone that I told was very impressed. I was happy. I thought that when I returned the car I was going to have an issue. Driving in to return the car we were met by a gentleman that checked in the car. He ran around the car quickly to see that everything was great and I signed on his iPad and he emailed me my receipt. We were off to catch our flight. While waiting on the plane, everything was great. Both my colleague and I said that we were going back there again. I am one of those that when you do me right, I am loyal (and that was why I was going back to Hertz); do me wrong and I am gone. Thanks Ali (from E-Z Rent-A-Car)! See you next year! Skip Hertz and go to E-Z Rent-A-Car.
1	I've never waited over an hour to pick up a rental car I'd made a reservation for before! The staff wasn't even apologetic to all of us they kept waiting either. And I was billed incorrectly when I returned the car. All-in-all an awful experience. Trust me: use a different rental company.
3	Normally going to Vegas I would never rent a car but I did need to go outside the strip and found a great deal for a compact car through hotwire.  From the airport there is a shuttle that takes you to the car rental place which is all in one location.  The Hertz counter is up the escalator on the right.  I did have to wait a while for a rep.  She did do the normal questioning about upgrading to a convertible, then a bigger car, then one with power seating, and then finally how i was planning to fill up gas and insurance. Not having power seating was a bummer but not the end of the world and the car came with a GPS so that definitely is a plus.  However, that GPS definitely took a very very long time to find a satellite. Supposedly Nevada has a law that does not allow car insurance companies to deal with the car rental places but I still opted out since I wasn't going to be there long and NV drivers are definitely much more tame than drivers in the DC area.
5	A great experience at McCarran Airport. Shuttle to the Rental Center was waiting right outside the terminal. Trip to the center was ten comfortable minutes. Getting the car was a stress-free event. There are cheaper options but none more professional than Hertz. I'll gladly pay a bit extra to be treated like a human being.TIP: Join Hertz's Gold Club for the best experience. From the time I got off the shuttle at the rental center to the time I drove away was no more than five minutes. Returning the car was just as easy.
5	We have rented at least 5-6 cars per year for the past 10 years. I have NEVER had an experience like this!!! The reservation counter representative for Dollar Car Rental was extremely rude and pushy!!!! I understand sales, but she was disrespectful and rude - expressing "she" would want a bigger car than what I reserved and pushed all the insurance, which I didn't need, as I have AAA, personal and work insurance. The car fuel gauge was not working, fuse cap constantly fell off, bald tires with no tread!!! When I drove (by myself) 500 miles with three YOUNG children with me I arrived to my destination with a sudden flat tire. I called Dollars HELP line and was told they were going to charge me $78 to change my tire to a donut. I was told it was my fault for not opting for the insurance. I explained that I have three sources of insurance already. The representative was rude and told me if I wanted to return the vehicle then I would have to drive the car, with three small children, on a spare tire with three bald tires, two hours from my location to San Francisco. I ended the call and contacted AAA, who changed my tire within 15 minutes. The AAA technician couldn't believe Dollar sent me out with four bald tires! In the mean time, we located several Dollar Rentals in our area. However, we were told that Hertz bought out Dollar Rentals in the area that we were in. After explaining our horrible ordeal, the Hertz representatives (Elsa and Alicia) offered to help us. We were sent 15 minutes away to the airport where Atish had compassion on the horibble ordeal we had been through and kindly insisted on getting us into a larger and SAFER vehicle for the remainder of our vacation. We took numerous pictures of the car that Dollar sent us out in and made numerous notes on the steps we took to resolve this. We were grateful for the kind hearted individuals at Hertz, especially knowing a serious storm was coming in to the area that night. After FOUR days of strong rains we would have been seriously injured or, worse yet, killed driving either around town or on our way home on bald tires and a donut. We will NEVER use Dollar again!!!!! Thank you Hertz for helping us out!!!!!!!!
5	I named a $10 price on priceline.com and they sent me here.  Was in line for 2 minutes and I got on the phone at a kiosk and some nice guy in Arizona names Daniel took care of everything.  We had a good time and I got my car with -0 issues.  I returned it with 0 issues and made my flight with PLENTY of time.  Kudos to Hertz!
4	Wanted to write a review of my Hertz experience here at the Car Rental Center in Vegas.Check in: used the kiosk which was great as there was no need to stand in line. The kiosk is a remote check in if you've pre-paid which I did and highly recommend (you pay less) that you do when renting with Hertz. It's as hassle free as you can get.Service Agent: you speak with a service agent via VTC. The agent I had was not pushy at all when it came to selling the insurance coverage which I liked. She offered an upgrade and the gas but I declined both without any hustling from the agent. After that she asked for my CC and license which you slide in a scanner and then that's it your papers are printed and you can get your car.Fleet: the car we got was a Nissan versa. It had Oregon plates on it and about 15k miles and some scratches on it. It was ok, ran good and efficient on gas. Return: Flawless. Pulled up, got receipt and was off to the airport.Overall: very good experience. Love the kiosk check in. Would recommend Hertz at this location.
1	They snuck in $30 a day upgrade into the contract. I prepaid for a full sized rental on priceline and picked up my rental car using one of those video kiosks. The agent on the kiosk gave me a car, and told me to approve the charges on the kiosk screen. What he NEVER told me was that he upgraded me to premium, or that I would be charged extra $30 a day for it. I called their customer service, and they told me that it's my fault for not reading the contract. So if you're going to rent from Hertz, always read the contract carefully to make sure they didn't sneak anything in, even if you've already prepaid for everything. NEVER assume that you're getting only what you asked for. You could be in for a nasty surprise.
1	AbstractWhat is wrong with you people?IntroductionEvery fucking kiosk machine is broken besides one (1), and that one does not even work very efficiently (at all, really). (They claimed that they broke the night before. All of them? Seriously? Six [6] of them broke in one [1] night?)I strolled by a week later, and you guessed it, all of the kiosks save for one were still broken. I will check in a week's time again, and I am guessing that the kiosks will be not working. Hertz's tagline should read: Come stand in line for a couple of hours while out-of-order kiosks mock the value of your vacation/time.  The infamous lone, working kioskThis kiosk says it will be a five (5) minute wait, then takes fifteen (15) minutes for the counter to decrease one (1) minute to show that it is now allegedly a four (4) minute wait. Too much math. Just give me a fucking rental car! This is the most inefficient madness I have ever witnessed from a legitimate corporation. At this point one has to look around to see if this is one of those What Would You Do? scenarios or they are trying to make someone strangle one of these employees.Counter serviceThere are two (2) counters open and a queue that reaches the end of the roped, master line which snakes three (3) times. Can't ... be ... serious. A band of untrained monkeys could do better. In fact, I would wager money that some monkeys could be quickly trained to get all these cars hired out faster. ConclusionHertz sucks. This was a Thursday night. Go elsewhere. ReferenceOne (1) star.
4	LAS VEGAS: This hertz center is pretty nice; they always have a lot of cars and the upgrades are pretty good.  The rent a car center is big and remote to the airport, which is annoying if you are in a hurry.  Who's in a hurry to leave Vegas though? (I guess if you're being chased by a loan shark)
1	This is actually a zero!! The SLOWEST service ever and all their kiosks are not working! You should have a separate line for people with reservations! Will never use them again for sure..
1	I wouldn't rent from them again. I booked a hertz car via hotwire. When I arrived at Hertz LV, the agent I worked with totally lied to me and said they were charging the daily car rental fee - when really it was a completely unnecessary insurance charge. So I ended up paying for that plus the original hotwire booking. And of course Hertz customer service was unwilling to refund any of the charges. So beware. If you end up with them via hotwire or kayak, just book everything via hotwire and decline any options through Hertz. Don't listen to their booking agents.I've rented from that location previously and have never had a good experience. Like the car I had last year had some maintenance issues, and the line for checkin is always ridiculously slow. So there are probably better options in Las Vegas.
4	This was my second time renting for Hertz at the airport, both time was quick and easy.  I was running late to pick up my rental so I called to let them know, I was told that the rate had changed and that when you call in and the rate is cheaper that they will change the price. Yay Hertz.
3	OK... This review was planning to be a bad one...  however it was saved with 3 stars but only because of one person and that one person only!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. FERNANDA...  She was awesome and kept me from blowing my lid on this place. It started off we arrived 30 minutes after our scheduled flight arrival and came up to the line of about 8 people waiting for rentals.. We have a reservation for a full size car so this should be simple... Fernanda came by and asked if any of us would like to try the new rental kiosk which connects you to a live person... i gave it a shot and had a woman from Texas who after about 5 minutes of talking to to her about my reservation it was going no where quickly.. she was horrible......  I RESERVED A CAR.... I'm sorry we have no cars available, but we will soon??  Do you have an estimate of how long you think it will take? No, if you look at the other folks waiting its about 30 to 60 minute wait for a car... So basically hertz overbooked and didn't care that we made a reservation and were to have a car waiting for us 30 minutes prior... this woman ended up hanging up on me as Fernanda was standing right next to me...  It evern upset the hertz employee...  Fernanda immediately took me over to the counter and had one of the employees there assist me... and gave him the run down about the woman in Texas.. We all agree she had horrible customer service...   Michael I believe was him name fixed everything and got me a car...  We grabbed all our luggage and walked out side to an EMPTY parking stall...  well instead of all of us taking our luggage back to the office and downstairs...   I ran back to where Fernanda was and again... she led me to the preferred area upstairs (near the cars) and went into the back office where I'm assuming a manager or someone was... 5 minutes later a car pulls up... and we were ready to go...  FERNANDA is an amazing employee and should definitely be recognized... the woman in Texas should be reprimanded....  HERTZ CORPORATE... You need a wake-up call and not try and meet sales quotes by overbooking...  make sure you have enough cars for people!!Thanks again Fernanda!
1	Rude Rude RudeCheck in was slower than maple syrup in the winter and the guy was just RUDE.  So was the lady that checked the car for me to drive out and so was the guy who checked me in.  Ironic as I stood in line for a good 30 minutes I had to stare at the blinking sign advertising   "Moving at the speed of Hertz"  Oh I get it now.I grew up with Hertz being the luxury of customer service and if you could rent from Hertz you received premier customer service.  The last couple of times I used Hertz, because the rental rates were competitive - I have been sooooo disappointed in the level of service.
4	Good service. A little slow for midnight, though.But! They upgraded us to a Gold Member car with unlimited mileage :)
5	I had the pleasure of receiving service from Joseph Esquer at the Hertz McCarran Airport location today. Nothing makes me happier than dealing with someone that is both experienced in a company's offerings *and* is extremely profesional, polite and friendly!
3	Gal at the service desk was awesome! Got a free upgrade and it was awesome. Dodge Charger, roomy and cool. She was very helpful, friendly and professional.Now, having that said, to the folks who work the parking area where you pick up and return. Horrible. Barely spoke English. Rude, inattentive. When I picked the car up, I asked her to help with where is this n that, where are keys- she responded by telling me to "look for it"- really? And yep, I said that to her. When I asked her name, she declined but was suddenly very interested in helping. No name tag so no way to know who I had the misfortune of meeting. When I returned the car, service was a tiny bit better, but not at all helpful. Actually told me to speed up getting my luggage etc as they "have a line"= yes they did, but having some physical limitations, I was already at top speed. Anywhoo, I will rent again, because of the gal at the counter- shoulder length blonde hair glasses= I apologize, but I forgot your name. At any rate you were wonderful, the car was awesome and I will be back. Rats- no way to add a pic of the car or the service desk, and I actually took one this time! LOL
1	This miserable excuse for a car rental office is a revolting, disgusting, insult to good business practices everywhere.These Las Vegas airport Hertz people should all just go home and figure out something they can do for a living with some minimal standard of competence, dignity and self-respect. As for their current jobs, they simply fail on every level, miserably."Reservations" here are meaningless. If people haven't returned their rental cars on schedule, you simply have to wait. A long time. TWICE.First, you have to wait in a barely moving, packed-in queue full of pissed-off travelers who just got off long airplane rides and endured the miserable shuttle-buses that take you from McCarran Airport to the little rental car city here. There are only a couple of "customer service" people manning the desk. All look defeated, hopeless and unavailable.Some people in the line are trying to pull rank by getting Hertz telephone agents on their cell phones, some of whom instruct them to cut in front of you and get to the next available clerk. But no matter, there are no cars.You're told there are no cars when you finally make it to the front. When you ask "how long will it be" they have no answer for you. I spoke to one German couple, who had been waiting for 45 minutes AFTER getting through the first line, with no relief in sight. In fact, the whole damn place was FULL of people, WITH confirmed reservations, who had made it through the first line and were waiting for one of the overworked and overwrought agents to call their name.Adding insult to injury there was a snotty little Hertz lobby girl marching around like her shit didn't stink with a bad, bad, BAD attitude, pouncing on people who wanted to use one of the automated kiosks--there were several of them, but apparently little snotty wouldn't let more than one of them be used at any given time. They didn't appear to do anything anyway. One customer who wouldn't put up with her foul energy for one second literally started screaming at her at the top of his lungs. I gave him a round of applause.Finally, over an hour later, our name was called and we went through all the credit card and paperwork crap and were told our car was waiting for us in parking space number: *fucking whatever* but when we got up there, the completely wrong car was in the spot. We tried to get someone's attention in the VIP club upstairs which looked even more fucked up and disgusting than the regular one downstairs, but had to totally cut in line and blurt our situation out to an emotionless little robot who informed us we had to go back downstairs to straighten things out. Of course, our clerk downstairs was surrounded by 15 new people, several of whom were asking lost-and-found questions and others doing god knows what. This time we miraculously succeeded in getting him to assign us a real car that actually existed, and finally got on our way.Checking the car back in was easy, but who the crap cares?Folks, this is not my father's Hertz...he used to be so proud! His plane would land and his shiny, pristine car would be waiting at the curb, handed over by polite efficient employees with pride and self-respect. I have no idea what's happened to the corporate culture here to allow things to slip so deep into the sewer, but I'll do everything in my power to NEVER patronize this piece of crap company again as long as I can drive.
2	I'm a Hertz #1 Club Gold member. I rent from Hertz because, almost without exception, they offer the best service of any rental car agency in America, along with the best selection of cars. I am particularly partial to the idea of skipping the rental car counter entirely and walking straight to my assigned car, as all Gold members can do.All that said, I had my most *bizarre* Hertz rental experience to date recently in LV. I booked a last-minute (same-day) trip and reserved a car online on Hertz's Web site. I arrived *very* late at night due to a flight delay, but took the shuttle bus straight to the rental car center and went out to look for my name on the Gold board. It wasn't there. I went back inside and up to the counter; fortunately, there wasn't any line this late at night.First, I was informed that they had no record of my reservation. That part I can forgive: I never received an email confirmation for it, either, so it was probably my own fault and I forgot to click a confirmation button or something before I left. Then I was informed that they were sold out. Now: I understand that there's only so much a rental car company can do during periods of peak demand, and that sometimes total assholes simply decide to keep their rentals without bothering to inform the agency. Yes, it sucks, but it happens. (Well, unless you have a Gold car waiting - they never give those away, but as I said, my reservation didn't go through.) The problem? It *wasn't* a peak period - quite the contrary, in fact. I was there mid-week during the off-season, and there were no major conventions or events transpiring during my entire stay. There's really no valid excuse for them to have been out of cars.After pointing out that I'm both a Gold member and a AAA member, it turned out that - surprise! - they weren't *entirely* out of cars after all. They had a tiny number remaining, including the smallest Chevy made (a Sonic, IIRC). The desk agent said it would be $25/day -- which was fine; I'd originally reserved a compact for $30/day -- so I signed all the paperwork and headed towards the garage ... at which point I happened to glance at my Hertz paperwork just to make sure it was in order. As it turned out, it was most definitely NOT in order.Without mentioning it to me -- and in express disregard of my profile on Hertz.com, on which I explicitly decline all forms of additional insurance coverage -- the agent had added a $25/day LDW charge to my bill. (Yes, the insurance cost the same as the car itself!) I immediately went back to the counter, and that's when things got *really* weird. The gate agent -- a rather weird person herself, with a heavy Russian accent -- insisted two things I knew to be false: 1) the LDW coverage was "required" to get the $25/day rate, and 2) she'd signed me up for it without actually *mentioning* it because without the "mandatory" LDW my rate would be $130/day. For a sub-subcompact. On a AAA CDP number. (Aside from NYC, I've *never* been charged more than $50/day for any vehicle class short of luxury.) SOLELY because it was 1:30am by this point -- and I live two time zones away, so my body was still on 3:30am time -- I went ahead with the rental. (After returning from my trip btw, I called Hertz customer service and had them remove the charge. Their CSR had never heard of any rental counter insisting on a "mandatory" LDW fee, either.)Anyway, it was all very, very weird. It's weirder still to come on to Yelp and read this location's reviews. My experience aside, I have advice for anyone renting here: JOIN HERTZ'S #1 CLUB GOLD! IT'S FREE; IT GUARANTEES CAR AVAILABILITY; AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE, EVER!! (I mean, really: I can't even *fathom* why anyone would needlessly wait in some horrifically long rental-car line when it is literally completely free to become a Gold member and walk straight to your car at nearly any Hertz location in the country, aside from the small local ones in hotels and whatnot.)
1	THIS'IS,ONE OF THE,WORST LOCATIONS TO RENT A CAR....there is a woman named TAMARA at the rental center gold club area who made it veryClear that they are short of,help and that she herself owns a home in MalibuAnd her family owned a Steel Mill. She is extremely nasty and unfriendly andWill make comments like, what do,you do,for a living and that Karma willGet you eventually  if you show how  upset  you are at the horrible customer service. These people need training and I was shocked by the fact that whenWe pulled out of the car rental center. The check engine light came on andWe had to,return it immediately after being treated like we caused this problem. Do not rent from this,hertz you will be sorry....All the other reviews are truthful and factual.......
5	im coming here to Yelp about this specific Hertz, because of ONE specific employee, and yes I'll give them 5 stars because that one employee deserved that plus more.I believe her name was Tamara. Not gonna try and guess age range here, but I WILL say a very pretty lady, that even my girlfriend and I discussed after leaving how pretty she was and didn't feel right that she was working at a Hertz Rent-A-Car, hahaSo, we missed our flight to Vegas Friday afternoon, and after realizing there were no other flights to choose from (except $380 a person, one way via Delta, and fuck all that) we decide to just rent a car and drive there one-way, fly back.We book a car at the LAX office, from my phone on the app that i installed about 2 seconds after walking in the place and seeing the crowd. I had my reservation, even applied a coupon code from retailmenot that saved me probably about 100 bucks. Chatted with the video agent kiosk, paid the $117, got our car and hit the road.About a few minutes on the freeway and we realize this reservation/contract was written out for: Leaving LAX 5:00pm, Returning to LAX at 10:00pm. So we're like shit, thats obviously not right, why'd the agent book us from LAX to LAX, when we literally spoke about the whole 'missing our flight to Vegas' thing in the video chat???So we call customer service from the road, explain the mix-up, request the returning place to be Vegas, the girl says cool no problem, new costs will be $387 plus tax and fees. Im like what?!? No, thats not acceptable at all! I request a manager, she explains that the manager is gonna tell me the same thing, there's nothing else that can be done. Then we get disconnected.Eventually connect to another agent on the phone, she says we need to discuss this in person with LAX, which is gonna be impossible, i leave my info for LAX to call ME back within 24 hours, they never do....But before waiting for them to call, we decide to drive to the Vegas Hertz first thing Saturday morning and deal with this whole shit. i was NOT looking forward to it... i was SO dreading it, i KNEW nothing would go my way and i was most likely gonna have to bite the bullet and pay the $400...So we go in, get helped by Tamara (I'm pretty sure that's her name) and explain the situation. She says basically the same thing, which is look I can only input shit into this computer program, and IT makes the decisions...but because she was SMART, and actually used her head (she even admitted to having dyslexia, but that her mind was always working) she was able to look at our situation, way more closely than those other people working there would have, and I know because i watched them deal with pissed off customers too, Tamara was able to see a slight flaw in the original contract and somewhat of a "loophole", to where she started getting excited like she was "beating" the computer, saying "Ok.. i think i got something here, hold on... oh ya, i think we got it now.."I start getting excited, thinking "wow this just might work in my favor after all!" and she says "ok, i was able to drop it from $387 to $249"... so i sigh, and say "Welp, i guess thats better than nothing" and get ready to pay, and she says "Well hold on... lemme try something else here..." Perfect example of Tamara's "mind always working".Those other agents would NEVER have done that, if even getting down to the $247 in the first place! And Tamara, if this review gets you canned at Hertz, we have plenty of lawyers in the family specializing in work comp stuff : )So, after Tamara works her magic and tries out her new idea, our NEW total cost is $116!! A dollar LESS than what we originally paid!! I couldnt have been more happy about that outcome and the whole situation, i swear. Not only did she save us from paying MORE, she actually SAVED me a dollar!! haha!! I could've hugged her and gave her kiss! And would've enjoyed it too, with her pretty ass ; )So, this place as a whole, I'm sure sucks ass, and I feel sorry for anyone who goes there and DOESN'T get helped by Tamara. Look for the really pretty grey-haired lady.Tamara, thanks again, you saved us SO much and I couldn't have been more satisfied. Hertz Rent-A-Car is WAAAAAY too lucky to have you : )P.S. I think i love you. xoxo
