4	Hey Everybody!!Last night I had the awesome opportunity to sample the great portions and wonderful food of the Grand Lux Cafe. Owned by the same company as Cheesecake Factory, one can expect great service, attention to detail and fantastic food. We sampled the Mashed Potato Spring Rolls, Pasta Pomodoro as well as the Freshly Bakes Chocolate Chip Cookies for dessert. All of the entrees were excellent as well as the atmosphere was quiet and quaint. We were able to chat for a great while after out meal, while enjoying continued service. This is the first location to open in Arizona. It is primely located in the Scottsdale Fashion Square with the accompaniments Kona Grill, Starbucks and Sephora.Cruise out, check it out and tell them I sent ya!
2	It was like some strange vortex enveloped the table and took us to another dimension.. from the second the waiter man handled my hot dog.. uhm, err.. let me start from the beginning...We decided to wait a while before trying a the new corporate chain at Scottsdale Fashion.. you know how the weeks following opening day can be be well, iffy. So with that in mind and have tried the burgers at the Vegas location, knew that this might be fun. Insane huge menu, large portions and affordable prices. Upon arrival (parking is really bad since they tore down the east structure) we were greeted by a very friendly foh person and were seated immediately. The space is cavernous and was actually quite empty for a Thursday night. After looking over the book of a menu decided on the Kobe Beef Hot Dogs as an app.. Blue Cheese Salad.. The Max Burger .. and Short Rib Sloppy Joe. This sounds like a sort of high end Weinershnitzel or something? The server had 3 tables and she seemed a bit flustered when she finally approached us. She was a pretty neat person and was very friendly but after placing our order things started to go wrong.After about 20 minutes our Kobe Beef Hot Dog app showed up.. seriously, come on, the place was empty! Well the dogs are stacked high on thick buttered Texas toast.. well when the waiter set them down he lost control and one of the dogs fell off the plate and onto my bread plate.. well, no biggie right? Wrong, he reaches over and grabs my hot dog with his bare hand while mentioning 'Jesus' as he was doing it. You'd think I would have at least gotten a kiss first? He puts the hot dog back on the serving plate and walks off mentioning he would get us another one. After about 10 minutes the manager comes over (very friendly) and gives us his apologies about the hot dog man handling. Fortunately he had a replacement with him and took the app off the bill. Let me tell you though, if you can order only one thing of the menu, these are it! Seriously.Blue Cheese Salad showed up as a Chopped Salad *sigh*, drinks sat empty, bread bowl empty,  manhandled Jesus hot dog still in my head. The entrees finally showed up, this is a good hour after being sat in a mostly empty space. Just kept humming 'Things Can Only Get Better' (still love Howard Jones), ah happy place! The The Max Burger was room temperature and the cheese was just sitting on top in that sort of I'm trying to melt stage.. not good. At that point I was so over it! Now the Short Rib Sloppy Joe was pretty darn good! Piping hot and full of that familiar 'manwich'  flavor, reminded me of being in grade school again, those were the days. Hmm, now I remember why I was always the fat kid in school.. Ordered desserts.. New Orleans Beignets.. Deep Dark Fudge Cake.. and Banana Cream Pie.. after some time the desserts finally showed up.. the Beignets were HUGE.. Ive never seen a Beignet that large before.. comes with 3 dipping sauces.. while big they were just alright in taste.. I prefer the smaller ones as they aren't as doughy.. Deep Dark Fudge Cake, oh yeah! This was almost as good as the chocolate cake at Coronado Cafe.. dense, chewy intense choco- curl-your-toes yumminess! The Banana Cream Pie, well, just order the Deep Dark Fudge Cake.. not so much on that one.. thick hard graham pie shell covered with pastry cream, brown bananas and so much whipped cream you would think they were trying to hide something, hmm, brown bananas anyone?I still think it was some sort of Vortex that we got sucked into. The nice manager came over and I joked around with him about my theory. Apparently he thought it was so funny he offered to take care of the desserts and invited us to 'please give us another chance'. He did mention that if they try to seat us at that table again, ask to be moved. Im not sure if I will come back to Grand Lux unless I bring a spiritual guide and a set of tongs for the manhandling hot dog waiter.
3	The swirly decor gave it away as a Cheesecake Factory offshoot, but Grand it was, and Lux it looked.We went for lunch, so couldn't really sample some of the more lofty offerings, however my other party member and I opted for the sandwich, salad, and soup.The chicken salad sandwich was juicy and flavorful with just the right amount of everything.  The only bad thing was what seemed like an inch thick slice of tomato that covered the entire sandwich.  I mean, I like tomato and everything, but...eesh.  The creamy chicken and mushroom soup was the best part of the meal, with big chunks of moist chicken and mushrooms that weren't bashed into smithereens.  You could actually still recognize them.  The salad was constructed of the good greens, too.The other plate was a generous blt and a veggie soup stocked full with beautifully diced veggies.  No complaints from either side.  The simple lunch was so filling we couldn't fit one of the tempting desserts.Our waiter was quick and courteous.  The entire place reminded me of a quaint classy hotel.  Nice bathrooms too.So 3 and a half stars in total only because of my limited tasting of the place thus far.  I will DEFINITELY be heading back to try more.
2	Okay, the food, if not able to feed entire armies, is on the delicious side, but unimaginative. They give fancy names to tired dishes, and the menu is as big as the portions.The service: Did they purchase their waiters from a vending machine?  I wanted a dish that had fried tofu. When I asked if I could have the tofu steamed instead, the server's expression was quizzical to say the least, and she then tried to illicit a description of this "steaming" method. Or did she not know what tofu is? Silly. She then had to crawl through a chain of command, from chef to manager, to make it happen. Hello? You have about 9000 dishes on your menu; I'm sure SOMEONE asks for a substitution SOMEWHERE?All in all, I remain unimpressed. More like the Grand Sucks Cafe.
3	Ok, this is coming from sombody that is not a fan of the Cheesecake factory.My cousin, her friend, and I walk into the the restaurant and decided to eat in the bar area.  We had a very sweet waitperson, Summer.  She rocked with suggestions and her personality was great.  I had one of their smoothies, just like the one at Cheesecake Factory.  It was good, but I have had better at Jumba Juice.  I ended up having their angel hair pasta, my cousin had a chicken salad, and friend #3 decided that he would just mooch off our plates.  The reason why I hate these types of places is that they give you WAY TOO MUCH FOOD!  Why do they do that?  Especially with people, like me, that learned that they better clean off their whole plate? I just gained 10 pounds.Food was nothing spectacular.  My cousin then ordered the Splenda Cheesecake, that she said tastes horrible. (She had the one at Cheesecake Factory, which she thinks is awesome)5 stars to the lovely Summer (or was it Winter...I can't remember now...crap!)  My cousin actually left her money on the booth.  She called the restaurant and Summer actually said she found it and was holding it for her just in case she came back for it.  Extra plus for honesty that I didn't even think existed in the world anymore.  2 stars for the mediocre food.  And 3 stars to the host stand...a story that I don't have enough energy to even type here.
5	The desserts are excellent.  Nothing more to say.
5	We love this restaurant.  The menu shares a lot in common with Cheesecake Factory, but the taste is better.  The meal is not simply a prelude to the dessert.  The dessert menu is more reasonably priced as well; the New Orleans beginettes are excellent and we order them everytime.  Excellent atmosphere (but loud) and only a short wait for a table.
1	They use hydrogenated oils by the truck load, nothing more to say but I will go on. The food is eh and the portions are huge. Is it really necessary to add a billion grms of fat in everything, especially Genetically Modified oils that are completely unneeded. If your food is any bit fresh than get that gross trans fat out of thereYour service is soo to fyi
4	I love happy hour here!  Just like Alton Brown, I'm only here for the food :)On my second visit for happy hour, I had the mashed potato spring rolls with cheese and bacon, the excellent tri-tip sandwiches made with whole wheat bread, and chicken summer rolls (with rice noodles, asparagus, bell peppers, and a spicy peanut sauce).  All were SUPERB.  I then finished with the beignets with three equally-successful sauces: raspberry, Whiskey creme-anglaise, and dark chocolate ganache.  I'm a definite fan.  Chubbier, but happy!
3	I'm not a huge fan of food chains, but Grand Lux is pretty good. As a sibling of the Cheesecake Factory, the portions can feed a small Army. But in my humble opinion, the style and food selections are 2 times better.  Grand Lux uses opulent colors and rich appointments to create a high-end atmosphere. True to concept, the menu offers something for everyone. Some of my favorites include the short rib grilled cheese sandwich w/ carmelized onion, Southwestern Salad, chicken pot pie, veal saltimbocca, wild mushroom and goat cheese pizza. I prefer a traditional fire oven pizza, but this is good for what it is.  I'd stay away from their miserable attempt at Mexican and Italian pasta dishes. Do save room for the New Orleans Beignets or the chocolate molten lava cake... sooooo delish! Bon Appetite!
3	Been to the Lux in Scottsdale three times now. Twice for dinner and once for lunch. I think the ambiance and decor are fabulous, but the menu seemed a bit limited to me. I mean they have stuff, but what appealed to me both times for dinner was the same two things, of which I ultimately choose the Veal Saltimboca both times. Service is usually good. The last time I went, we got there a little after 8pm on a Thursday, ordered drinks, appetizers, and entree. Drinks were prompt, but 15-20 minutes later, the general manager comes to our table, tells us the Calamari came out a little well done, so they wanted to make it right for us. I applauded his proactivity. Another 15-20 minutes goes by, and our calamari & shrimp appetizer comes out. Food was mighty tasty (fried things + mayo-based dipping sauce = heart attack + yum). We eat about as much fried goodness as we deem prudent, and then wait for the entree. and wait... and wait. Must've been 30 minutes since our appetizer arrived, before I asked the server to check. 10 minutes and two apologies later, food comes out. We are offered a free dessert for our wait. A different manager comes out, gives us an explanation as to why the food took so long, though it doesn't explain an hour and a half to fry up a thin piece of breaded meat. We go to order dessert, a pineapple upside down cake, but our server recommends that we not do that since it will take some time to prepare, and he could tell we were growing impatient... and tired. It was 9:30 after all. So we got the Strawberry Shortcake which was splendid.Overall, food was great, servers and managers (as people) were excellent, but the system failed somewhere along the line.  Oh forgot to mention, outdoor seating is pretty nice (if the weather's nice).
3	Met a friend here last night for dinner (he's very very picky so we needed true diversity). Both the Mr and myself were so surprised, after such an abysmal experience. Service was nearly spot on, delivered entrees while we were still eating salads (HUGE pet peeve of mine).. otherwise the food was decent.. had the kobe beef dogs, the buttered rolls they use are delish! I had the wedge salad which I should have made my entree since it was so huge! For dinner I had the short rib sloppy joe.. what a fun spin on comfort food.. the meat was super tender and the sauce was mildly sweet and rich, just like mother used to make, though id wager there's came from a can too!The banana cream pie was a knock out.. thick chunky graham cracker crust made a nice contrast to the smooth and cream filling. TDF!Yay, no man handled Jesus hot dog this time!!
3	My mom and I went to lunch here last week and were pleasantly surprised. From start to finish, the experience was great! Parking is awful, especially at lunch time, but the mall valet service is free with a validated ticket from the restaurant. Moments after being seated, a manager walked by and saw the valet ticket sitting on the table. She took it and was back in less than a minute with the validation stamp. I always forget to get validations, so it was really nice that she took such initiative. Our waitress was really friendly, attentive and patient. She knew the menu very well and didn't mind giving recommendations or answering any of our questions. I ordered the lunch "Bento Box" which, contrary to what I first assumed, resembles the Japanese offering in name only. The "box" contains a salad, a bowl of soup and whatever the main dish might be at the moment. On the day I went it was beef medallions with a mushroom, onion sauce served with herb french fries. I chose the cream of chicken soup, but only after she invited me to try the different soup offerings before making my decision. There was a ridiculous amount of food!! The salad had blue cheese dressing on it (which I didn't realize) so I only had a few bites. The soup was very tasty, but so filling. The main dish was delicious. The sauce served with the beef was very flavorful. I wish I could have had some mashed potatoes drenched with it. Mmm. The fries were nothing special. My mom ordered the deluxe breakfast sandwich which she really enjoyed. There are a few dessert items that take 25-30 minutes to prepare so you have to order them when you order your meal. We decided to go with the New Orleans Beignets. If I would have known how full I was going to be after eating my meal and a few pieces of the delicious bread they served to start, I wouldn't have ordered the beignets, but I am glad we got to try them. After seeing the large portions of everything else, I wasn't surprised when the waitress brought out a huge basket containing about 6-8 beignets. They were yummy, along with the sauces served with them, but after having beignets at the original Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans this summer, I was slightly disappointed. Grand Lux is a fine option for a meal and offers many choices sure to please most anyone. The menu is vast, but not quite as overwhelming as Cheesecake Factory's encyclopedia-sized menu. The most important thing to remember when dining here is to bring a hefty appetite or lots of friends!
5	I want to live here. My mom and aunt took me here for a birthday lunch. We walked in and I was in love. It was just as it said, all Luxe. They sat us in a booth in the bar and at first I thought, gee great, we look like boozers. Then I went to the restroom and saw the other seating. Not bad, but much more crowded and not nearly as intimate as our area. The waitress was efficient but didn't hover. Then came the food. First of all, it took us twenty minutes to decide what to have because everything sounded great. The menu said they are owned by Cheesecake Factory and it's kinda obvious. Similar feel but on a grander scale. Not so "shi-shi" that you're uncomfortable. Just lots of great little touches in decor. I love the lighting. If I could have pulled a lamp off the wall and shoved it in my purse I would have. Now, the food. I ordered the half chicken salad sandwhich and a cup of cream of chicken and mushroom soup. I thought this would be a small meal. Wrong. It was giant. The sandwhich was stacked sky high with perfect chicken salad. Not too mushy. And the soup, the best I've ever had. Seriously. I almost bought some to go. Mine also came with a salad on the plate. Not as large as a side salad but just enough to compliment the meal and the italian dressing was really great. My Mom had the asian chicken salad and loved it. My aunt had half a pizza and it was also huge. She also loved hers. We of course were too stuffed to have a dessert, but they offer the basic Cheesecake factory dishes and a few specials all their own. Will have to go back for drinks and dessert. Can't wait!
2	So... where are all the slot machines, poker tables and cocktail waitresses? I swear I just walked into a hotel restaurant off of the Vegas Strip... not even keno at the table. What?? No, wait... where are the 4,000 flavors of cheesecake? This IS the Cheesecake Factory, right??? No??? Okay, Grand Lux Cafe is so confusing. I think it is going through an identity crisis because it looks like a cross between a casino hotel lobby and The Cheesecake Factory, but without any personality. For dinner on a Wednesday night, in this great of a location, I was shocked to see this place so empty. Maybe everyone was across the street at Pink Taco. Or, maybe people just do not like being served by a wait staff with a perma-fake smile on their face all night. The one thing I will say for GLC is they have a LOT of options. However, I find restaurants that provide such a variety generally have anything exceptional to offer as far as the meal is concerned. I believe this is true for this establishment, as well. The waitress recommended the Vegetarian Chopped Salad saying she thought it was the best thing on the menu. I found it to be pretty bland and uninspiring. I guess I'm spoiled by the Cowboy Ciao Chopped Salad. But I digress. I would have gotten the tofu dish they have (orange glaze with sesame seeds, I believe) but I was informed that they cook it with a fish sauce. At least the waitress knew it was a non-veggie friendly option, but why serve a tofu dish that is not veggie? My dinner date ordered the BLT with fries. I think she ate about five bites and a couple of fries. She was equally unimpressed. I snuck a fry and they certainly are nothing to write home about. Limp and soggy, just the way nobody likes em. They did have a good Riesling a good selection of coffee drinks as well as an expansive dessert menu. We did not try a dessert (they have baked items that take about 30 minutes to cook.. probably pretty good, but I'm on a diet) but my gal pal did order a Mocha Coffee which she seemed relatively pleased with. We ended up sitting around chatting for 3.5 hours and they never kicked us out or made us feel bad about not ordering anything else, so I would give them an extra half star if I could (Gabi, are we EVER going to get half stars?!?!?). Grand Lux ... I am going to sum you up into one word: Uninspiring
1	I came here for a weekend brunch. At first I was sort of confused by the deco, then my friend explained that the building formerly belonged to PF Chang. Inside it looked no less than a highschool cafeteria. I totally agree with AMber W's comment that this place really has no personality.The food was mediocre. I didn't order anything fancy, just strawberry belgian waffle and a side of sausages. The waffle came out bland (apparently they forgot to add strawberries), kinda cold. The sausages were good size but over cooked, thus pretty tough. The service was bad. Our bread finally got to our table exactly 2 minutes before the food arrived.Maybe it was just a very busy weekend. Maybe I should have ordered something else. All in all, I don't think any item in the menu particularly stood out to make me want to come back.
3	Came here for dinner NYE 2007. They offer a lot of different choices. I loved their Peach Bellini. I tried many of their appetizers and they were all good. Nothing about this place really stands out to me so I haven't come back. I agree that the atmosphere is much like a hotel or casino lobby.
5	Two words: Espresso Martini a few sips and all my stress melted away.. along with a few inhibitions. I came here for a beverage and a dessert and was immediately enveloped by the warm atmosphere. All the servers are super sweet, young, and just great. I was worried that this place would give off a snobby-scottsdale vibe but was pleasantly surprised with the warmth I received from everyone. I indulged in the phenomenal Beignet dessert and soaked up the beautiful, classy, upscale, and relaxing environment. I highly recommend this place for an intimate evening with a loved one. The romantic lighting and delicious cocktails are truly the remedy to a long day.I'll be returning, very soon.
3	I've dined here several times. It is indeed The Upscale Version of the Cheesecake Factory. Similiar menu with twisted recipes. Same huge, ridiculous portions, plenty of fat and calories (not a great option for eating healthy unless you stick to dry salads and veggies), and an enormous range of cuisine options = Cheesecake-esque.What's Different?Quality of Food.More Upscale Atmosphere.Price of Food. Hey, they have to pay for the food and atmosphere some how, right?Oh yea, no flavored iced tea options. What a bummer! What is exceptional?The Decor, especially on the patio. The server told me this place cost a little over 11 million to make. Wow. They could've cut back a little and dropped their menu prices.Several Menu Items(Could spend a while here, but i'll try to sum up)Spicy Flatbread Chicken SandwichSouthwestern SaladNew Orleans Beignets (French-style donuts)Molten Chocolate CakeMolgolian Steak (like Asian Fajitas)Indocine Shrimp and ChickenMiso Salmon (different than Cheesecake's; has a strong miso flavor)Cedar BBQ SalmonAnd Bento Box of the Day (all that I've had are Amazing! You get 3 courses for the price of one during weekday lunches)Could go on, but i'll stop there.SERVICEGenerally, pretty good. Nothing special. AMBIANCEExpensive, but lacking a coherent image -- seems like more of a hodge-podge of ritzy carpentry. The patio is beautiful and in my opinion, one of the best seats in the house, but make sure you get a clean table/chair. Like other patios, birds like to visit. . .BOTTOM LINE: Not worth the bang for the buck. The menu is over-priced for the food. Even though the food is of good, if not great quality, there are a lot of other restaurants that offer better value for the same "made fresh daily from scratch" quality.
2	We've been here twice because well, we are new to AZ and didn't know anywhere else.  They have a big menu...but that's it.  I mean we didn't expect anything more than cheesecake factory but yeah...from my point of view, it wasn't even to cheesecake level.  The service was descent though.*Food = ordinary, quickly prepared American food*Service = descent *Atmosphere =....interesting...*Price = ok
2	Whenever I locate a Grand Lux Cafe, I make it a point to dine there.  So far, I have dined at the Grand Lux Cafe inside the Palazzo and Venetian Las Vegas as well as in the Beverly Center (CA).   For the first time I was really disappointed in the food.  The mashed potatoes that came with my entree were extremely cold. They tasted as if they were left over from the previous day.   My server, although pretty nice, never came back to check on me, so I was stuck with a non-satisfactory meal.   I was not a happy camper.  Given my experiences at other Grand Lux Cafe's,  I would definitely give them another chance.   I will just toss it up to a bad day.
3	More like 3.5 stars.  What makes this place upscale as compared to Cheesecake Factory are the prices and the lack of advertisements in their menus.  Food quality seemed the same, but I like CF, too.Came late on a Thursday night; we were grateful that they were open until 11pm.Had the Fire Roasted Vegetable Pizza and Dave had the Pasta with Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella.  We both really enjoyed our meals, mine was big enough for lunch the next day.  For dessert we had the New Orleans Beignets which were really good (especially with the chocolate sauce) and there were many of them, enough for breakfast the next day.Service was really great, though I am beginning to equate that with the Scottsdale/Phoenix area and the experience was great.
3	Had lunch here today. The service and the atmosphere are great....you do feel the chain restaurant thing....but in a classy way : )I ordered the Polynesian Salad that had the most delicious chicken...tasted like it had just been torn off the bone of a BBQ chicken, the Apricot Pinapple Vinaigrette was also very tasty...only complaint is that it is way too big....might sound silly to criticize a big serving but it is a little off putting to me. My husband ordered the Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich which unfortunately he did not enjoy....he said it was far too oily....the bread did look a little over the top oily....but the saving grace was that the fries were tasty : )We certainly did enjoy our Specialty Cocktails.....I had the Sangria Blanco and I cannot recommend it enough....so refreshing for summer....it was made up of Pinot Grigio, Champagne and Fresh Fruit....delicious!.....My husband had the Texas Tea which was like a slightly sweeter version of a Long Island Ice Tea.....very good : )
5	I am really surprised that this place has received such awful reviews..maybe Im just getting the right things? ill be honest Ive never had an entree, only appetizers(ex. dbl stugged potato spring roll and philly cheesesteak roll) and dessert (ex.banana choc chip bread pudding) and nothing has ever been mediocre. Nothing but tasty morsels. I will tell you that I HATE their sister Cheesecake Factory, their food has no flavor (worst Sheppards Pie ever!) and it's consistently awful. I call it "retirement food"..That's why i was so surprised by Grand Lux. Until I have a bad meal by review stands..they've been consistently excellent at least 3 times, for me at least.
2	Grand Lux Cafe comes off as pretentious.  It doesn't have the food or service to back it up.  My omelet was a disaster.  Egg beaters!!!! Come on!!!  My guest ordered the breakfast sandwich.  Our waiter did not write the order down and it came out wrong.Pretty atmosphere.  Nice high ceilings.  Guess what?  I am not going back.  Even for the atmosphere.
4	The Grand Lux is my FAVE restaurant in Chicago, so when I found out there was one in Scottsdale, and my friend wanted to go there for her birthday, I was totally there.  We waited about five minutes to be seated, and once we were, we were promptly greeted by our waiter (whose name i unfortunately do not recall) who was sooo attentive and full of info.  Our waters were continually filled, and when we asked for more bread, he was sure to keep 'em comin'!  The menu here is huge, so if you're indecisive like I am, I'd recommend taking a look online before you come because you'll sit there forever trying to decide what to order.  I asked our waiter for his top three, and he was more than happy to provide: Miso salmon, Moroccan steak, and spicy buffalo sandwich.  Even though they were heavy contenders, I ultimately decided to go with the Devil's Chicken, which was SO good!  Even though I was full, I continued to eat and kept my membership in the Clean Plate Club.  Then, my friend and I shared a strawberry shortcake, which I HIGHLY recommend.  Our waiter brought out the dessert with a candle on it and made sure to hide it from the birthday girl so she wouldn't see it right away.  Talk about attentive.Note:  Although the prices here might seem a bit steep, know that your portions are really generous, so it's worth it.  Also take note that if you go in here expecting it to look anything like the one in Chicago, you will be disappointed.  It's not as spacious or as GRAND, but the food and service is still great.  Go.
4	I really enjoyed the Grand Lux Cafe. The staff dealt with my menu changes without a second of "oh, you're that customer" Which I loved. I became addicted to their Peach Bellinis which if I had nothing to do and lots of cash, I could probably spend a lot of time there sipping. The staff had my guest and I seated immediately, every time I've been there. Each waitress has been wonderful. Kept their distance for privacy but kept drinks filled, order was as ordered and food was hot. I agree that the price could come down a bit. The recipe isn't hard or costly, but I guess the $17 is for ambiance right? I could also do with out needing a jacket every time I'm there. No one ever had any issues with us staying late. In fact on a friends birthday we were there 2 hours after closing and they didn't say a word, just kept refilling the glasses.Although also be warned if you go on your birthday they basically serve you a fried peice of pastry with some powder sugar.
3	Like their sister restaurant, the Cheesecake Factory, the Grand Lux Cafe has plenty of menu items to choose from, so I'm sure everybody in your party could find something that they would enjoy.Salads, sandwiches, burgers, pizza, pasta, desserts.  You want it, you can probably get it here.  The salad and half-sandwich combo is a great choice for lunch and is not too filling.The great thing about this restaurant is that they are very accommodating to large parties and allowed our large party of 15 to pay on separate checks.  Big props for that because a lot of restaurants just won't do that.
3	12/29/09(Disclaimer: Originally a four-star, but had to take one down.  Details below.)Checked in for another happy hour (HH)!  This time, I thought I'd try the Tuesday daily drink special, a Mango Sling ($5), along w/ a glass of red ($6 and up).  For nutritional sustenance, I ordered the Warm Goat Cheese Salad ($3.95 HH); the Stacked Chicken Quesadilla (around $6 HH); and the Warm Rustic Apple Pie (around $7 or $8).I really liked the Mango Sling!  Cool and refreshing, not too sweet and just the right tartness!  Don't quote me on the ingredients used, but I seem to recall mango puree and rum were involved.  Be careful, as the alcohol content is potent!  But then again, I was having wine AND a cocktail!  :)The goat cheese salad was divine!  A definite go-to item, but I'm a sucker for goat cheese, and if you aren't, you are SO missing out!  Just sayin'.  [Before I proceed, I'd like to posit, why is anything deep-fried just so so yummy, yet so so bad for you?  Why must the universe/powers-that-be be so perverted like that??]   (Ahem...)  6 pcs. of slightly sweet and not too salty, yet crispy goat cheese on a bed of perfectly-dressed greens and a few roasted red pepper slices for garnish made for quite an appetizer!  If I ever am at a quandary as to what to have the next time I visit Grand Lux for happy hour, I know I can always order one or three of these starters, along w/ wine or a daily cocktail special, and I'll be happy!  (I don't think I can order just one, bec., well, for 1) it's just so delicious not to have more!, and 2) the few sips of wine AND the Mango sling were really powerful!)  I loved the presentation of the initial Stacked chicken quesadilla, but, unfortunately, I had to return the dish; Unbeknownst to me, it contained an allergen that was not included in the veggie description on the menu (why this is so, since everything else was on the description, I'll never know.  The manager said there were so many ingredients in that dish, so they can't list everything.  I just wonder why list all but ONE veggie, and an ever-increasing in popularity allergen at that??)  But no worries, he was glad to re-do the order and bring me a new one.  A few minutes later, I was handed a sparse-looking plate, sans the lavishness of the initial dish.  Where were the veggies?  I only had a complaint w/ the one!  And the ooey-gooey cheese?  Oh, well.  I'll survive :)  Especially after what came next... the warm rustic apple pie!  I politely asked if I could have the whiskey creme anglaise sauce substituted for the vanilla ice cream since the brand GL uses is made w/ corn syrup.  Management obliged, but not too happily.  [He gave me the eye-roll.  I think I'll take a star down just for that (as well as the allergen not being noted down on the menu).  I wasn't born yesterday, and I know that many have cursed me in the past BOH, but why let a paying customer see that unprofessionalism?  But overall, management complied, and I'm grateful for the good food had that day.]  The apple pie was hot, spiced just right, and not too sweet!  The creme anglaise really balanced out the dish.  Perfect!I'd go back, and I hope that management here, as well as in other venues, will consider adding all veggies used in their menu items, especially those known to be allergens, just so that customers may request these be omitted.  In the end, it'll save the restaurant money AND will make the staff shine even more brightly in their clientele's minds for such great service, for after all, what is The Cheesecake Factory, and its affiliates, known for but their excellent customer service, right?
3	Welcome,ome,ome,ome to,to,to the,he,he Grand,and,and,and Lux,ux,ux,ux:)The Grand Lux Cafe does not occupy a small, cozy space...the echoes, the click, click, click of shoes on concrete, the reflected din of conversations, even quiet discussions reverberate throughout the place:)The hard edged, high arched ceilings don't help...they seem to actually redirect and amplify the noise.Grand Lux has concert hall acoustics in one sense...the back rows can hear every syllable of the play, even the whispers...but the quality of the sound you hear is marred by the fact that there are generally 137 individual plays being staged at any one time...the result is cacophony (one of my favorite words, BTW, the word sounds exactly like what it is:)How's the food and service you ask?Sorry, I couldn't hear you clearly, even though you are right across the table:)Well, the food isn't half bad:)In fact, it's pretty decent...the meals I've had have been tasty, well prepared and well presented and the service...the service is everything you would expect at the Cheesecake Factory (oh, come on, you already knew that GLC was the slightly awkward stepchild of TCF...didn't you?:)GLC is to TCF as the Pink Taco was to Morton's:)...a little Stanford/Binet reference:)The menu is almost pure TCF, just pared down to a manageable size (from the novel that you're normally presented with at TCF) and reconfigured (with a few additional "GLC signature items":)Surprisingly, some of those items are worth your consideration!Sure, you can get their burger or chicken sandwich or omelet or  chopped cobb salad...the same one that you can get pretty much anywhere (and maybe a better version in a number of places)...but you can't get their braised short rib sloppy joe's or three cheese and short rib grilled cheese sandwiches just anyplace:)Those two bad boys alone are almost worth the ringing in my ears that usually persists for 48 hours after a visit to GLC at lunchtime:)On the plus side, GLC is nearby and safe (in the sense the a Mickey D's is safe) for the inevitable business lunches...I can say "meet me at GLC" and everybody knows what to expect, just like they do with TCF, Houstons, and the rest:)And they can have their favorites...the things they always order...the chicken sandwich...the chopped cobb salad...the burger...oh well:)As for me, I just try to meet people after the lunch rush so I can hear what they are saying and enjoy my grilled cheese with braised short ribs:)The last time I tried to have a meeting here during the noon hour, I almost agreed to become a marketing rep for the National Association of Fur Lined Toilet Seat Cover Manufacturers...I thought we were talking about something much different:)
4	It was raining.We had to get out of the house for a few hours. It was lunch time.     So we decided to go down to Scottsdale Fashion Square, figuring there must be someplace to have lunch, we'd be out of the rain, and we could walk around for a while afterwards. However, it seemed to be a bad decision. The mall was mobbed, the food court gross, and the uninspiring restaurants near the food court had long lines. I was ready to leave, but Ken has more forbearance than I do, so we went up half a level, following a sign pointing toward Yard House and Grand Lux Cafe. Fortunately, the sidewalk led us to the Cafe, a place we had never noticed before.      We entered the imposing lobby, done up in black marble (faux?), with a nice display of desserts in a glass case. There was a short wait, during which we looked over the extensive menu. The dining area is cavernous, with high, high ceilings. There are lots of chandeliers, gilt moldings, and art deco touches. All very Vegas. But with an eerily Cheesecake Factory vibe about it, too. Actually, now that I think about it, Vegas is very Cheesecake Factory. And as it turns out, the creator of the Cheesecake Factory was commissioned by the owners of the Venetian Resort and Casino to create a casual, upscale restaurant for them. And, voila, the Grand Lux Cafe was born. There are now about 15 of them scattered around the country.     As you probably know by now, I'm not a big fan of corporate food, but there were some interesting items on the menu, it was still raining, and by now we were starving. We decided to share a cup of chicken/cream of mushroom soup. It was actually more like a bowl, a serving-size trend which was to continue. Beautifully seasoned and creamy, it came as a great surprise. But even better was the accompanying bread. Both the white and whole wheat slices had such crisp crusts that we were sending shards all over ourselves and the tablecloth when we broke the slices apart.      Within a reasonable time our sandwiches arrived. Mine was short rib, grilled cheese and carmelized onion. A sublime combination, and one that had never occurred to me. There was a little container of a sweet and sour salsa, which helped cut the richness of the sandwich. I had asked for my side of fries to be extra crispy, but there were none on the plate. The waitress brought them a minute or two later - they had obviously spent extra time in the fryer because they were perfectly cooked. They're at least as good as those at George's Gyros, and maybe even a little better. For me, that makes them the best in town. Ken went with short ribs, too, but in the form of a sloppy joe. It came in a large hot dog style bun that had been nicely grilled. Mild,sweet onions and a serving of mustard sauce (which was heavenly on the fries) were on the plate. Ken liked my sandwich a little better than his, but I thought they were pretty much equal. I believe my sandwich was $12, and Ken's was $10 - not bad for the quality and quantity.     As I said, the menu was quite large. I'll mention a few of the items which caught my eye. Appetizers: cheese steak springrolls, duck pot stickers. The Oven and Broiler section: chicken pot pie and Jamaican pork tenderloin. Pan and Grill: fried chicken, thai caramel chicken, jambalaya, and weiner schnitzel. Many of the desserts are baked to order and must be ordered at the beginning of your meal. There's molten chocolate cake (isn't there always?!), roasted pineapple upside down cake, beignets, and a few more. From the bakery come sticky bun bread pudding, banana cream pie, five kinds of cheesecake and chocolate layer cake. I could go on but you get the idea. I've left out lots of things on the menu, salads, pizzas, and a specialty cocktail of the day for $5 - you can see the whole thing on their website. Unfortunately the prices aren't listed there. The entrees seem to range from about $13 to the mid twenties. Not cheap, but not outrageous, and lots of things are share-able.     I'd happily go back, particularly if it's not raining. There's outdoor parking right near the door, so you don't have to set foot in the mall.
3	The Grand Lux Cafe is basically a Cheesecake Factory: lots of choices, mediocre food. The one saving grace was a server named Steve... or maybe it was Stephen? At any rate, he was excellent and made a dinner suggestion that was slightly above mediocre: Mahi Mahi Mediterranean.Great conversationalist, good humor and excellent taste.
4	If you need to go out with a group and everyone is picky, Grand Lux is the type of place to go.  Much like Cheesecake Factory (same company and in fact they have a few CF desserts on their menu), the place is pretty big and structured like a CF would be.The menu is LARGE in options to choose from to appease really any taste.  Great/large salads, asian, american, seafood, etc.  You name it.I had the Indochine chicken/shrimp (I like the bang bang c/s at CF too) and was not disappointed.  Portion was great (wife and I shared) and the food was tasty.We had beignets for dessert which were warm and delicious.  Great service, good menu options for groups.Only complaint is that it felt a little pricey when we walked away with a shared dinner.  I'm not in Scottsdale that much, but a great place to go with friends to just chat and enjoy some good food to please everyone.
3	My sister, Cher and I came here because I was craving cheesecake. She was trying to think of other places with cheesecake but kept mentioning this place. Cher and I were discussing how this place has some resemblance to Cheesecake Factory. Then reading other reviews, guess we were right on. That's kind of a disappointing. I order the duck pot-stickers because I was craving duck. I don't cook it at home. (My aunt always says order something on the menu that you don't EVER cook at home.) I ordered the prime rib sirloin and shrimp scampi combination. The sirloin was on the dry side and well done. I like my steaks medium well, with a light pink still showing. The shrimp scampi was the best I've had so far. For dessert I ended up getting the banana creme pie. It was good. The only thing I liked was the booth seats, the chairs and tables. I'll probably go back but I'll stick to Cheesecake Factory.
5	Lovely! Just lovely! We started out with the Asian Nachos to kick off the Girls Weekend celebrating our girl Shenna birthday. The Asian Nachos were OFF THE HOOK! I had the other two items of the Tapas menu: Mahi Mahi tacos and vegetable Tempura. Washed down with a huge Washington Apple Martini. YUM! The girls were having the Sangria drink special. Looked good but I'm a martini girl. Check out the highlight in a little for the morning after heh heh
5	My Brother who lives in Chandler took my Mom and Me to the Lux Cafe and I loved the food, I had the Kentucky Hot Brown which was very tasty and my Mom and Bro. had the Pot Pie which was huge and very good as well, the dessert we had was also yummy (it was not cheesecake). When I arrived I mentioned that this place looks just like the Cheesecake Factory I'm sure it's a sister w/a slight different menu, I will definitely return, lucky for me there is one in Beverly Hills...
4	Lots of options...I mean the menu was huge!!  I had the Hawaiian smoothie YUM!  My hubby got the mango ice Extra YUM!  I ordered 3 apps as my meal.  Duck triangles, veg tempura, and tuna tostada!  All delicious!!  Couldn't have gone wrong.  Service was very good.  My family all enjoyed their food. Most everyone had take home since the portions are ginormous!
3	Today I went on a nice mother and daughter date. We did a little shopping and a little lunch....we decided our food of choice would be Grand Lux Cafe. My mother of wonderful taste has never eaten at this establishment unlike myself. We started out with some cocktails, Bellini and Apple Martini, which we very refreshing and tasty! The on to our entrees. They were very yummy. The portions were just right and the presentation was very clean. This establishment is affiliated with the same owners as Cheesecake Factory so you can imagine how pretty it is inside.
4	Prompt service (iced team refilled after about every other sip...with only one or two exceptions), a menu the size of my novel, and a fun atmosphere makes this place a fun restaurant to come to.Great vegetarian options, including a DELICIOUS mushroom burger and salads that not only fill you up but leave enough for take home. The fried pickles in the bar were a bit disappointing (waaay too thick), but the mushroom flat bread redeemed the bar food.Each table is given a basket full of both wheat and sourdough breads, and they are part of the highlight of the experience. Fresh and hot, I couldn't keep my hands off the bread.It's a chain, yes. It's in Scottsdale, by the mall, so remember to take it with a grain of salt (and keep in mind that their parking lot is a mess to navigate). However, it's a good place to come and hang out while reading, or to meet a group of friends. I'll definitely be back.
1	Stopped in for Happy Hour after reading some positive reviews.We were really not impressed with the food.   We ordered what the server recommended and it tasted like microwaved frozen food, reminding me of the sort of thing you might get  at a low-budget corporate event.Excellent service and very pretty space but frankly, the worst food I've eaten at Fashion Square.I've eaten at their other locations in Vegas and Beverly Hills and I don't remember them being this mediocre, so I'm not sure what the problem is.  It just doesn't make sense to eat here when you've got a half dozen much better options within walking distance.
5	I'll be doing my reviews with "Gluten Free" in mind.  I do have Celiac but I am not extremely sensitive to cross contamination and such.  I do stick very closely to the gluten free diet though.We ate a late dinner at the Grand Lux on Saturday night.  The food was outstanding and the service was fantastic.  They do not have a gluten free menu available, but they will work with you to get you something you'll enjoy.  I ordered the pan roasted chicken.  It was served with awesome mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes and fresh carrots, broccoli and snap peas.  GREAT dinner!!!  We were served by Josh, and he was very friendly and accommodating.  GREAT service also!!!  In the past I have also ordered their vegetable plate, which includes steamed white rice and you choose several side vegetables.I would highly recommend giving Grand Lux a try, I think you'll have as an enjoyable evening as we did.
3	After passing Grand Lux Cafe about a hundred times, I finally had the chance to check it out. Knowing it was a sibling of Cheesecake Factory, I expected a similar menu. Upon entering, it had the same feeling as a Cheesecake. We sat down and the second the menu opened, realized, the menu was about as detailed as well! From sandwiches, to dishes from every culture imaginable, this restaurant definitely has something for everyone to choose from. As the friendly waiter welcomed us, he told us about the menu and mentioned that Grand Lux focuses on serving different cultural cuisine from pretty much every region around. In one sitting you could try Thai, Chinese, Mexican and Italian. Yet, it wasn't actually as weird as it sounds. It really just depends on what your taste buds are in the mood for. However, the waiter did warn us that portions were large. How large? I was about to find out. With so many options to choose from, I ended up going with the spicy flat bread chicken sandwich full of corn, avocado tomatoes and freshly grilled chicken. We had the chicken lettuce wraps to start. The second my meal arrived, I realized that friendly waiter was definitely not kidding when he said the portions were large. I think my sandwich equaled 2-3 full meals. The sandwich came in quarter flat breads and equaled nearly one full sandwich per each quarter. And they gave me four of them! The french fries heaped on the plate as well. I managed to eat one quarter of the sandwich and felt wasteful for not being able to finish the rest, but my waistline is already in a fight with me and the one quarter completely filled me up. However, when we sat down, friendly waiter mentioned the desserts (we should have just skipped right ahead) and said that they took a half an hour to prepare because they were freshly made. Who can pass up an opportunity to eat freshly made dessert so beignets it was. True to the theme of overly portioned items, they brought out eight (!!) large fist sized beignets steaming hot and oozing with freshly melting powdered sugar. To accompany them, they gave three dipping sauces. Heaven. That's all I can say. It was worth every bite...of the one I had. With six remaining, I wonder who could possible finish eight large beignets unless you are with a group of eight! After visiting Grand Lux, I definitely think more highly of it then I did the hundreds of times I passed it and I would absolutely go back again. But, I know now to listen to the man when he says the portions are big! So I'll just skip right ahead to dessert.
2	This is a chain of the Cheesecake Factory owners.  Didn't know that until we sat down.  I've never had a good experience eating at Cheesecake Factory, their food always gave me....forgive the bluntness ....but runs.  I swear. Ate there 3x ...and got sick all 3x.  I have never eaten there again.Anyway, I gave Grand Lux Cafe 1 star for its decor and its extensive menu. They have A LOT of choices and they range from sushi to steak to burgers. We got their buffalo chicken rolls for the appetizer and burgers for entree.  They get 1 more star for the portions, my God....they were HUGE. Shoulda shared the food...But in the end, that is all they got since..yep, you guessed it....i got sick after I ate there!!! .....  Eat at your own risk, people.
4	First off I love this place!  They have the best happy hour-$5 appetizers and you get a choice of like 12 appetizers which is so uncommon.  Also, there is a drink of the day!They have a brunch that is to die for!  You have to try it!  The Asian Nachos are fabulous!  Super bad for you!  The decor is like the cheesecake factory.  The wait staff has always been amazing when I have gone.  The prices are not too bad especially the amount of food you get.  Great for leftovers!  The desserts are great!  Just try it!
4	Love this place.  They are like the older, hotter sister of Cheesecake Factory.  They have a great brunch here and even though we have one back home, we knew they wouldn't let us down.  I'm sure the food and quality is just as good back home, but too bad we didn't get to eat at this one though....we just got some fresh baked cookies.And they were awesome.
4	It was my last lunch before I left Arizona, this place reminds me of Cheesecake Factory (the decor that is). I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad with the dressing on the side. It was really good due to the dressing, very different from a typical Asian salad elsewhere. I also had some of their enchiladas and it was exquisite, wow really good.
3	This place is a glorified cheesecake factory. However, it does have some merits. They have really yummy dessert that bakes while you eat... mmmm apple pie goodness. Also, their lunch specials are a pretty good deal. You get a lot of food for a decent price. I like to get the pasta lunch special, you get a really good salad and then a big portion of pasta, most of which i can take home. Dinner, however, is a bit too expensive for me. I know you get like a ginormous portion, but I don't want or need that much food, so it's kind of a waste. I tried to get something a little less expensive at dinner and tried the short rib grilled cheese. Big meh, very flavorless. I'll stick to lunch if i'm going to this place.
4	The Grand Lux, at the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, is the best thing going. GREAT food, attentive servers, beautiful surroundings & all within a 15 minute walk from where I live. Needless to say, I'm a regular !!
4	My boyfriend and I decided to take a trip to Scottsdale from Flagstaff, mainly for business but someone recommended we go to Fashion Square for food and shopping.  We walked past a few restaurants, looking at menus, and decided to go to the Grand Lux Cafe.  We knew it would've been a hit or miss, but the desserts and nice decor definitely helped my decision.  Luckily it was a decision that we were both very happy with!First of all, I had to say I was very impressed with the design of the place...it certainly looked very "grand" (pun intended!).  I liked how the booths were very private, the ceiling was very high, making the place look spacious, and the bathroom was pretty clean.  I was also very very happy with the service.  Our server was very professional and attentive to our needs, which seems very rare nowadays.  For the luxurious decor and good service, I expected grand prices as well, but I would say the prices are reasonable.We ordered all appetizers (if you want to try out a restaurant without hurting your wallet, get appetizers instead of entrees!).  There were duck triangles, asian nachos, pork carnitas, the soup of the day (chicken cream of mushroom), and beignets.  We were more than full, had two boxes of take-out and it all came out to $35!  The duck triangles were pretty good, the pork carnitas I probably could've done without, and the asian nachos were good except for my personal dislike for wasabi.  The soup was absolutely delicious.  But here's the thing...GET THE BEIGNETS!  There is a menu for baked to order desserts, they make it when you order it.  What is better than something guaranteed fresh?  The beignets were so soft and fluffy, like eating air.  It comes with three sauces, raspberry, chocolate, and essentially vanilla (with jack daniel's, which you can taste).  My favorite was vanilla, but you could eat the beignets by themselves.I might re-rate the next time we decide to go and order entrees, but I am overall very satisfied with the atmosphere, service, and food.
3	Really, it's a 2.5 but I'll bump it up to three for the roasted beet and goat cheese salad which was very good and the white sangria. It's just an overpriced Cheesecake Factory without the cheesecake. I went in on a Friday late evening with three other ladies after an exhaustive afternoon of shopping (swoon!). We didn't have to wait for a table which was nice. The service was just below average. The waitress bustled over and asked for our drink order right away. Two women knew what they wanted. The other two of us said we wanted cocktails but we needed to know about their specialties to decide. The waitress told us at lightspeed about some of their cocktails and the vodkas they had then hustled off and didn't come back for 15 minutes, long after our other two ladies had received their cocktails from the bartender. We were ready for water or something at that poin as we were left without anythingt. 3 ladies split the wedge but we made our own. The one on the menu uses Thousand Island dressing so we subbed blue cheese. It was ok. I mean, seriously, it's a wedge. Anyone can make one; it's not really rocket science and it's always a staple on average menus. I ordered the chicken burger with the side salad. Side salad was some sad wilted lettuce with grated carrot. They have a house special vinaigrette but it was so lacking in flavor that I don't even remember what it was. Blah. The chicken burger was so bland and boring and dry. I ate half and wasn't even interested in taking the rest home. The beet and goat cheese salad one of the women ordered was great, though, and I would order that if forced to eat here again and it's the only reason this isn't a 2 star review. Overall, for one cocktail, a split salad and a boring, crappy, dried out chicken burger, $35 was a bit much to pay. I wouldn't waste my time here again with so many better restaurants around.
5	The double baked potato spring rolls are fantastic!Also the maui steak is great! Went for valentines day and has a great dinner. All the food was great. Service was quick and very personal.GO HERE!!!!
2	I have no idea what the big hooha is about this place.It's bland.. yes the portions are huge but what good does that do if it taste like...blah.?The reason for the 2 stars.. the decor and service. Being in this restaurant reminds me of being in a hotel in Vegas. it was very grandeur and venetian like.  I was here on a business trip and managed to spend my per diem of $55 easily. I had 2 martinis which I think was the best part of my meal.I had ordered calamari to start and tuna tar tar. The calamari was soooo bland that my salt and pepper sprinkling did not help.. my co worker actually sent it back to the kitchen.. that's how bad it was. apparently it was old oil (as the manager came out and apologized as he then tasted our dish and agreed.. or so he says.)  The braised ribs were delicious, tender and the meat completely fell apart in your mouth, unfortunately this is what my coworker had ordered. I, for some reason went with ....hmmm. it was that bad I don't even remember. I remember not finishing it. dessert was apple pie (idk what their fancy name for it was.. but all it is is baked apple pie) with a scoop of ice cream on it. big whoopa disappointment for the price and what I thought I was getting
3	I have mixed feelings about this restaurant. It is owned by the Cheesecake Factory and there are far too many items on the menu to maintain quality control. However, I LOVE LOVE LOVE and adore the New Orleans Beignets!!! (Beignets are like the most delectable and scrumptious doughnuts you can imagine). These beignets just melt in your mouth! My mouth is watering just from thinking about it! The vanilla, chocolate, and raspberry dipping sauce makes it even more luxurious and sinfully delicious. If you have a sweet tooth, you must try the New Orleans Beignets! My husband is also fond of the top sirloin steak. He says it tastes like Ruth's Chris. I was not a fan of the hamburgers. It was far too greasy for my liking. The pizza was also not very good. Overall I would go back for the beignets as dessert but have dinner somewhere else.
3	Viewing this place from the outside, it sort of reminds me of a restaurant you might see at an Egyptian-themed theme park or water park or something.  It's pretty cheesy.  It reminds me of the set design in the movie Cleopatra with Richard Burton and Liz Taylor.The food was overall pretty okay.  I went with a group of co-workers and what I got was just okay, but I grabbed a piece of something that someone else was eating and it was pretty fantastic, so, like anywhere, it depends on what you order.The portions you get are quite large.  I'm cursed with an insatiable appetite and they sated my hunger.
2	Not a huge fan of this place but I have been here for lunch several times with co-workers. It works well for a large group since they can easily accommodate seating large parties due to the size of the restaurant and they have a very varied menu so everyone can find something that sounds good. The quality of the food is nothing impressive but I can't really say I have ever eaten anything there that was bad. Just average. We have always gotten good service, though, but if its my choice I would not eat here. This place has always reminded me of a Cheesecake Factory. Very similar food and decor but I do think its a little better. I didn't know that they were owned by the same company until I read the reviews on Yelp but it totally makes sense.
5	From Norcal where we have Cheesecake Factory.  This is much better! Great service from our waitress Midori.  We enjoyed a great happy hour, the appetizers were real good and the drinks were yummy!  Best dirty, dirty martini.  Props to the bartenders!
5	So your at the Scottsdale mall. Your in the good wing... You know, Crate and Barrel, Norstroms, Tiffany, etc and your hungry. Well after spending tons of money why not spend a tad more for a great meal. It looks fancy, it's beautiful and really not badly priced. we did appetizers. And the Rubin sliders were to die for.  OY Vey  were they great. The fried pickles may sound weird to you but they are a must. Salads are big. Service wonderful. It's a place that made our shopping guilt feel much better. So go a head.... Try it out. Best lunch I've had in a long while!
5	Yesterday we were exploring the downtown Scottsdale area and decided to eat here. I've been to the one in Chicago and knew that the food would be at the very least average. We each ordered the Bento Box lunch. I was blown away!!!! We got the onion soup, mixed green salad, grilled asparagus and grilled salmon on a bed of mashed potatoes. Everything was delicious and the perfect amount of food.
4	Had a nice Easter Brunch here today. We've ate brunch before here, so we knew it would be good. Plus it was a good choice, as it may have ended up being less than some of the Easter brunches at the resorts in town. But nonetheless, my husband and I split the Eggs Benedict and the DeLux Breakfast sandwich. Both were good.... but we're leaning towards liking the Eggs Bene more. The big decision for me was mimosa or Strawberry Bellini. The server suggested Strawberry Bellini -- and it was delicious!For me, I love the ambiance of the Grand Lux Cafe. Large open dining room.... you can definitely feel the resemblance of the Cheesecake Factory.They also have a pretty good Happy Hour here, with a bunch of small plates and drink specials. I can't remember what they all are now, but it is a pretty good deal.
5	Service and atmosphere was great. I had the short ribs dinner with mashed potatoes and fresh vegetables. It was AMAZING! Top 5 dishes I've ever had.
3	So this place and the Cheese Cake Factory come from the same company?  Seriously, what's the difference? All the finest in corporate mediocrity.
4	Short rib taco'sAsian nachos Yum yum
2	My friend Brags about this place and it's Drive-In burger....ehh, I don't get it. I was a little leery when our waiter failed to get two drinks correct. Nonetheless, the service was above average, the burger was decent, and the dessert was yummy. But overall, nothing spectacular.
4	I don't know why I waited so long to try this place, but I finally did.  I've been past Grand Lux Cafe a zillion times, but I finally came in for dinner last night, and I'm glad that I did.Parking here can be tricky at Fashion Square, but I circled a few times and got a space. If your in a hurry, you can always valet in front of the mall, but since I'm a big girl, I decided to park the car myself.  I got a good space too!I love how this place is decorated!  So beautiful!  Very much like Cheesecake factory in regards to decorations and menu items.  I was with my girlfriends from work, and we all sat together in the dining area.  Bar area has adequate seating for smaller parties.I went with the hamburger, and my friends went with the lettuce wrap and shrimp pasta.  Bread here is delicious!  I wish they had served more butter with it, but I lived, so it was okay.The only thing that sucked was when we recieved everything on one check, and had to wait an eternity to get our server to come back to our table to split the checks.  Aside from that, everything here was awesome and delicious!
4	I like going here - there is plenty of choice - good burgers, love their pot pie and they do a good brunch on the week-end.  If you are not sure what you want for dinner, come here there is plenty of variety and you will not be disappointed
4	There are a few options on their menu that I love, so it takes Grand Lux from 3 stars to 4. The Bacon Cheeseburger is unreal (they add lardon, which is like French bacon, and stupid delicious), and I love the chicken and waffles on their weekend brunch menu. My wife likes the pot roast and the salmon picatta.  If you like the Cheesecake Factory, you'll think Grand Lux is pretty good. Overall, I'd rather go to Cheesecake Factory (if not for the desserts alone), because I feel like their entire menu is stronger. Lux does offer baked to order desserts, which are very good. Their lava cake and beignets are both baked to order and delicious.The interior is spacious, and it's so big that there's rarely a wait, which is a plus. There is bar seating, dining room seating and patio seating, so you've got your choice of ambiance. Service is always good, which makes a huge difference in my book. I like the convenience of Grand Lux a lot. It's at the mall, so it's a really good option when you're out shopping. If you're looking for a large, diverse menu and a good option while you're at the mall, I'd definitely recommend Grand Lux, especially if you love a good burger.
1	XMAS PARTY RUINED BY GRAND LUX!! You would think that making reservations one month in advance would secure our request for our office party. NO,NO,NO not the case at the Grand Lux.  The day before our party, our reservations-- our reserved table, per our request, was given to another party.  They told us our reservation was for 10:30am not 6pm(their admitted mistake) wait...they said..we don't open until 11am!!?? WTF??  After speaking to the manager he did offer us some cookies for our trouble. Gee..thanks but no thanks. Oh and they did offer to put us  on some high top tables..too bad two people in our party are in wheelchairs...that is why we requested the booths. Very UPSETTING and DISAPPOINTED in the Grand Lux!!!  Apparently you must call each day to make sure your reservations are secure.  DONT PLAN ANY PARTIES AT THE GRAND LUX
1	was part of the cancelled party on friday.  Agreed, do not need to ever go to that overpriced restaurant,when there r so many other fine restaurants in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.  claudia L
3	I still think that this place is a glorified cheesecake factory (because it is) BUT I have been here a few times since my last review and must say that a lot of their food really is tasty (much tastier than cheesecake factory), so I have to give them that. I went for lunch yesterday with my mom and I got the pasta and salad (like I do) and their salad is just super flavorful...I love their dressing. The pasta is good, nothing super special, but good and enough for two meals. My mom got the pastrami sliders...I don't like pastrami usually, but these were actually good and she loved them. Additionally, I have been to the one in Vegas and all of the food there was good too like the jambalaya...really tasty. So definitely a good place to get lunch...I still stand by my thought that dinner is too expensive and I would like the option to get a small portion for less money (3 chicken breasts per plate....who could eat that?).
3	Food we ordered was good.  So much on the menu, it was overwhelming...felt rushed by the waitress to order.  We asked for 5 minutes to review the menu and she came back 3 times asking if we were ready.
5	This has to be one of the best Happy Hours in all of Scottsdale. It goes until 7:00 in the bar area only and the food and prices are hard to beat. Most of the dishes are $5.00 and they are huge. One of my favorites is the chicken in lettuce cups which comes with a large bowl of the chicken and white crispy noodle and 4 large pieces of lettuce. another favorite are the Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls.They are not fried and are wrapped in a soy rice paper, You get 8 pieces and they are a decent size. Where else can you eat for $10.00 for 2 people without drinks. There are many  other choices on the menu including Ahi Ceviche, Calamari with Rock shrimp, Asian Nachos which are incredible, Duck Potstickers are just of the few of the 25 or so choices. You won;t be disappointed.
3	Happy Hour here is our new awesome place. You just can't beat it. 5 dollar plates and they are full size, huge servings. Asian Nachos, lettuce wraps, and Shrimp, Thai spring rolls. Tonight we also had the Pineapple Upside Down cake which was delish!
4	Always a great place in a pinch or whenever you are at a mall. The service and portions are great, plus Grand Lux gives you plenty of options when you have picky eaters. I usually go for the Chicken Madeira, though I have not been disappointed by any of the sandwiches. The small plate starters are really good too and are great for sharing as a meal.
2	Oh Dear, food quality and service goes downhill.... Mind you the decor still looks nice but thats about it......So what's happened to our old favorite the Grand Lux. We eat there every couple of months throughout the year and also do carry outs.Since Oct 2011 staff service and food quality has been slowly getting worse..Final straw was last Saturday Jan 28th, my partner and I ate there around 7pm, she had the chicken Indochine (her favorite) and I had the baby backs. Both entrees had poor quality meat - chicken was chewy and tasteless and the ribs were very faty and floating in grease. Needless to say we did not get very far through our food, staff did not care that we left over 60% of the food.   All in all, having been a patron for a long time, Jan 28th will be our last visit or until they get a new chef with staff and the front of the house staff get some lessons in customer care..Come on guys and gals at the Lux, rally round and get back on track and if your management team are not helping you suceed tell the bosses at corporate..Diddy
3	High-end Paradise Cafe.Hit this place with my wife and daughter.  They liked it better than I did, but it was good overall.  Menu is extensive and our waitress was excellent keeping our food in order and drinks filled.  She was very good with our daughter.Kitchen crew was slow n getting meals out at dinner time.  The food is also pricey from what you get.  It really did seem like a Paradise Cafe to me, with nicer food finishes and pricier decor.  It was relatively loud, clean-kept, and the tenor of the ambiance is fast.Since these folks are affiliated with the Cheesecake Factory chain, the desserts were fun and yummy.  Nothing a gastronome would be impressed with mind you, just tasty, uncomplex pastries and sauces.Note: My ladies voted 4-stars based on their affection for the desserts.
5	I love this place! You always get right in, receive quality service and eat delicious food!
2	Fancy Cheesecake Factory.Not the beat service, the place wasn't busy in the slightest so it was surprising service was sooooo poor.Examples include - 5 mins before a waiter even appeared.Gave the drinks order which was forgotten in seconds and had to come back to ask. There were only 2 drinks ordered!Dropped a strawberry form glass onto the tray and then asked the wife to pick it up if she wanted it?! Who knows what crap has been on that tray. No mention of another replacement?!Asked for the check which was clearly forgotten as he went round doing other things, looked over and rushed inside to get the check after 5 mins!The food itself was ok. The max burger had too many flavors rolled into one which just didn't work.The pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich was ok as well. Raising it from 1 star to 2.Doubt I'd come back here.
4	Went there for desert on one of my final evenings in town and I really enjoyed it.  Coffee was amazing as was the Upside down pineapple desert.  Nice for a treat.  Was there on 2/25/2012
4	Review for take out only.Stopped in to grab a pulled pork sandwich and salad for lunch to go. The front desk person took my order and was very friendly and helpful. My order came about 10 minutes later. Everything was packed very nicely in separate containers and tasted great. The portions were generous as per Cheesecake Factory standards and I was a happy camper.
4	Overall a nice restaurant. My favorite dish here is the salmon. They have a couple different salmons on there menu and they are all great.
4	This is the second Grand Lux Cafe that I've been to and I always love the consistency of restaurants like this. Grand Lux is a sister restaurant to Cheesecake Factory and has a similar menu with enough selections for absolutely everyone. The decor is a notch up from Cheesecake.I chose this restaurant this past week because I needed a big salad with lots of veggies and as usual, Grand Lux did not disappoint. I need a daily veggie fix and sometimes that can be a real challenge when you're out of town on business. I knew I could count on Grand Lux Cafe.The Grand Salads are all really nummy and it's very hard to choose. I ended up going with the Sonoma Salad which included Crispy Greens, Grilled Chicken, Avocado, Bacon, Fresh Corn, Sweet Dates, Golden Raisins, Onions, Goat Cheese and Glazed Walnuts. Tossed with our Hazelnut-Mustard Vinaigrette. So tasty!My colleague wanted a healthy dose of protein and ordered the Chicken Royale. I will tell you the portion was HUGE! Two chicken cutlets and he could not finish the whole thing although he said it was really good.Very friendly service and clean, pleasant surroundings. Love this place!Enjoy!
5	I like this place, alot. It's classy, spacious, and the food is excellent. I didn't know what to expect when I decided on the Bento Box for lunch. Everything was fresh and delicious. Salmon, grilled asparagus, mixed green salad, with spring onion soup. It was filling, but I was stuffed. Ummmm, I want more. I have been to the one in Chicago, but that was a long time ago. The next time I go, I think i'll try the key lime pie. Our waitress was a little forgetful, but that did not take away from the experience one bit.
4	Been in Arizona for over 20 years, looking for Vietnamese spring rolls the way I remembered them from my time in Paris--and I finally found them here !  What a great treat.  If you want to try something truly delicious, order these--take a mint leaf, wrap it around the roll with a lettuce leaf, dip it into the sauce, and voila! Mmm....yum-o-Rama!
4	Had dinner here with friends on Saturday. We arrived at 5:45 and were seated right away. The decor was very nice it was not very noisy like some places where it is hard to hear others at your table. This place was like a upscale Cheese cake factory. Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgable. They have a large menu with an arrangement of entrees. I had the cedar planked salmon with the warm goat cheese salad. The food arrived a little longer than expected, about 25 minutes. The food was hot. Thecsalmon was very good, the salad however was small and tasted ok. I also sampled the chicken parmasean from my friend it was very good also. While eating our meal we placed an order for the Benighs, as they are cooked to order, they are great. These were very close to the benighs from New Orleans. They came with three dipping sauces, raspberry,chocolate, creme brulee. The raspberry sauce was not sweet enough. We loved the creme brulee though. We enjoyed our dinner and will return.
3	The kids wanted to go to The Cheesecake Factory for dinner and we knew this place was so similar--having been to GLC at Scottsdale Fashion Square 4-5 times now.Like TCF, GLC's menu is a "book" with lots of options (which is great for families that can't decide on pizza, or Asian, or burgers for a meal--this place has 'em all!) and my husband and I are slowly working our way through the list.. The kids, however, will invariably stick with the cheeseburger, fries and mini pizza. Sigh....Everything we've had has been good. Not great.... Flavorful. What we expected. But nothing has blown us away. Except the New Orleans Beignets: hot, fresh, sweet and deelish! You have to order them with dinner because they take awhile to make but they're worth it. Others have complained here about the service but in 4 or 5 visits, we've always had attentive, if perhaps a bit bland, wait staff. Crisp iced tea and water glasses were always topped off and never were we kept waiting, wondering why something was taking so long. Definitely a place to "fall back on", rather than rush back to.
3	I had the beniets, can you say OMG.  They were so delicious.  You get 4 dipping sauces, but the cream anglase was my favourite.  They were so light and fluffy and delicous.  Yummo.  We went for Sunday morning brunch, walked straight in there no wait at all.
4	Absolutely love this place however the service needs some help. Every time it seems like they're gone forever. Like the bar and kitchen is miles away. Love the dining experience Howe er service needs work!
4	Great food and service. Third city and the grand lux never disappoints
4	Solid grilled chix sandwich. I was kinda thinking this place sucks. But, the food was great and the service was really good. I will be back.
4	Had a great HH time!  We were sat in the bar area in the high tables.  The tables are round and small, we were all foodies so we worried if the food would all fit.  Who cares!  We ordered 2 to 3 small plates each (4 of us) and drinks.  It was a great deal and we had fun!Duck triangles, fires and gravy, korean bbq taco, cheese and spinach dip, sliders (DA BOMB), mac & cheese, etc.  I can't remember, we put a good dent in the food.  The server was pretty attentive but we did have to refills on drinks a few times.  The high tables were great, but since I was short my legs were dangling the whole time and they feel asleep.  So if we would have sit in a regular table, I think that would have been 5 stars.
5	The place was fantastic. Try the potato spring roll appetizers! The food and dessert was top of the line.
4	It was my wife's turn to choose a restaurant and since we haven't been here in a while, here we are. We made reservations for 6 PM and when we go there, the place was crowded, but still enough room to hold more customers. Our server, Charles, was very attentive insuring that my coffee cup was full and everything tasted good. Started our meal with Fried Pickles but I had one pickle slide out of the batter, but all in all it was good.My entree was the Sicilian Pasta and my wife had a chicken dish which I can't remember. My pasta and the french bread was very filling. It was the right size for me and all the ingredients made my dish very tasty. My wife brought the last 1/3 of her chicken home.We ordered 2 cheesecakes to take home, White Chocolate Caramel Macadamia Nut and Dulce De Leche Caramel Cheesecake, but when we ate the cheesecake the next day, my Caramel Macadamia Nut  was substituted with something else. The next time we order to go, we'll make sure we get what we ordered. We had a wonderful dining experience and will return.
4	By far the best thing about Grand Lux is that it can satisfy the food cravings of just about everyone when you can't otherwise decide where to go to eat. That Grand Lux serves hefty portions for mid-range prices in the middle of downtown Scottsdale also makes it a winner! The downside is that it is virtually impossible to go there without shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square, and according to my husband, that's dangerous!We have eaten at GL many times, and we've never had a bad meal. We've always had cheerful service from the staff, except at times the hostesses who never seem to smile. The food is almost identical to the Cheesecake Factory, but presented in a little more upscale fashion. My hubby loves their burgers -- pick one, any one and you will be pleased -- juicy, cooked to order, with an abundance of toppings. GL also has fabulous salads in various sizes to satisfy any size appetite. And any appetizer would fill you up as a single meal! I particularly love their brunch menu, as they make a mean omelet, and I'm a fanatic when it comes to how my eggs are cooked!Grand Lux and grand shopping -- a perfect day at the mall!
3	I've come here once to meet a client for lunch.  Located at the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, it's a convenient place to meet up since it's located outside near the parking lot.I had the Cheeseburger Sliders, $9.50.  They were good, not great.  Enough to fill me up for lunch.  Service was good as well.For some reason, this restaurant never pops into my mind when I'm thinking of a place to eat...hence the 3 Stars.Return Factor - 50%
1	BUSINESS IS NOW CLOSED!!! A friend was told some of the staff at the Biltmore Cheesecake Factory that a few staffers from Grand Lux were being sent to the CF at Biltmore --- and told everyone else that worked at Lux that  their jobs were gone and shuttered the place that same day. He said that no one knows why corporate office closed it with NO notice.
4	GLC has a large menu and reasonable prices.  A good place to stop for a meal if you're at Fashion Square.
5	Daniel G is all wrong. I work(ed) for GLC and they gave us PLENTY of heads up. The place closed March 19th and they told us in Jan. They transferred EVERYONE that wanted to, to Mesa, Chandler, Phoenix, Scottsdale, or Peoria Cheesecake locations.Don't give out false info!
3	Decent food. A good go to restaurant with many, many food options. Something for everyone. Will have to only give three stars for a couple of things that I wished were a little better. Waiter put in wrong order but he along with manager were very apologetic.  Also, didn't get refill on water. I didn't ask for one but it should of been payed more attention to. Will def visit again though.
