4	Great new place in town to get a good coffee.  Staff are all super-friendly, and they get to know you after just a few times through.  The menu has a lot of variety, and there are frequent deals, including "double-stamp Tuesday".  Give it a try!
5	Well this is a problem! JG's got a new addiction! I am not even a coffee addict but happened to need a pick me up yesterday afternoon. Had been wanting to try Dutch Brothers should the need arise for a nice iced coffee on a hot summers day. So I went and to my delight, had the most delicious cup of iced coffee one could ever possibly dream of. I ordered the double chocolate mocha "skinny" and it was undoubtedly the best cup of coffee I have ever had. Starbucks can suck it! I ordered an iced cocomo "skinny" for my boss and she seemed to really enjoy it and a caramelo (whatever the f it is called) for my co worker and she said it was ridiculously good. That's huge coming from her because she is really picky when it comes to coffee. Anyways, the staff was super friendly, fun, and helpful. The price was great (4.00 for a medium coffee tax included and the cup was pretty large), and I love that they offer punch cards and give you a punch for every cup of coffee you order. After about 6, you get a free cup and keep in mind that Tuesdays are double punch!I foresee this location (literally 2 miles away from where I work) being a potential problem, yet a blessing for me. Caffeine does bad things to me... I get the shakes, get jittery and my legs start moving uncontrollably and violently like I am having a bad episode of restless leg syndrome. However, I do get my work done super quick and do stupid things with more energy and a smile on my face!!! Yes, when I am coming down from my "high," I feel kinda crappy but heck, this coffee is so amazing that I am willing to deal with the after affects. You must try Dutch Brothers!Other tips: I wasn't sure if they took credit cards but confirmed on my visit yesterday that they do in fact take them. Also, this place is a walk up or drive thru, there is no indoor seating. They actually are really quick too for a place that you can see grinds each cup of coffee fresh. Keep the locations coming Dutch Bros, I want you to put that godforsaken Starbucks out of bidness and I believe it is highly possible!
5	This location is a bit closer to me.....but still not close enough!!  So when I'm in the area I stop by to get my fix.  The customer service is steller, like all the other locations I have been to, and the coffee.....yum!  I get the Dutch Freeze in the summer and a hot Carmelizer in the winter, or a Peppermint Mocha or a Double Chocolate Mocha or a......well, you get the picture.  I just want a location close to me.  Please.  Pretty please.  :)
5	I prefer Dutch brothers over Starbucks any day. I lived in Portland my whole life and this is a chain from Oregon. The staff is always on point they will remember your favorite order and it's always fast. The email club provides deals too. The prices are great... About $5 for the largest..I recommend the kicker (iced).
4	I usually stop by this place 3-4 times a week before work and I have never been disappointed. The staff are great and remember your name and order after just a couple times of stopping by. I haven't tried much of the menu but I hear that everything is excellent. I am just a coffee drinker, so a medium coffee, with skim and 1 sugar is perfect for me. I also love the stamp card and double stamp Tuesdays. I highly recommend you try this place. If you enjoy great coffee, quick service and smile to go along with it then this place is "caffinetly" for you!
5	Josh is the store manager at this store and he run's it like a boss! Super friendly guy and makes the best espresso drinks I have ever enjoyed. Super consistent in taste, quality & service!
5	Great coffee great service!!
5	Love this place! I recently moved to AZ and I heard everyone talking about Dutch Bros. I must say they have the best drinks. ER-911 drink is like a slap in the face on a early lazy morning, this baby makes you awake in a second ! Now let's talk about service . Just awesome The staff is outstanding. Friendly, fun, play good music and did I mention cute? Starbucks ?   Amateurs.
5	Wow. The annihilator is INCREDIBLE. It's like drinking caffeine flavored bliss with all the sugar you can handle. It makes the caramel macchiato at Starbucks taste like dirty mush. For real. The service is lightning fast and the hopped up, happy baristas are really friendly, without seeming overbearing. If you haven't checked it out, you definitely need to. Delicious drops of heaven await you, just around the drive thru.Seriously, who the heck is Starbucks???
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!  The staff is very friendly, the coffee is awesome and way better than the other place that rhymes with CARDUCKS.  I go in and they know my name and my fav drink, not to mention just a SPLOOSH of raspberry in my white hot mocha!  Love you guys!
4	Always so yummy! Love the Annihilator, but a little sweet, so I get half the syrup and sometimes throw in an extra shot of espresso. Delish! The baristas are perky and friendly. I'm not a morning person, so it's a struggle to return that energy sometimes, but appreciated none the less.
5	Went to a nearby drive thru location. I was brand new to this coffee chain & still learning about it. The staff was super friendly and helpful. I told the sweet girl that was there that I've never been there before & she quickly introduced herself & the other 2 guys there. She also gave me a paper to fill out to get specials via email. Then she gave me a punch (stamp) card that was almost completely stamped. Love that they offer the cards, especially when times are tough and you don't see that very much anymore at coffee places. (2011)We've moved since I wrote the above comments & we still go back there to get our coffee. They remember us & our drink every time! They are well worth the drive. We normally get the Caramelizer with an extra scoop of chocolate. I also get texts from them about all the great specials they run.
5	love getting coffee here.  the staff is always so friendly and coffee is delicious!
4	Dutch Brothers has the best coffee and smoothies in Gilbert !  Their commitment to charities in the area is awesome.  Great service and always a friendly face.
5	Every Dutch Bros is amazing! I make at least once daily stop at this location, sometimes twice. Staff is super friendly and they make delicious coffee. On my daring days (Nights when i go to work with almost no sleep) Dutch Bros offers up their E.R 911. 6 shots of espresso to kick start your body. Besides that, daily happy hours in the afternoon offer great deals on drinks. My favorite is $3 Dutch Freezes. When its triple digits this is a nice relaxing treat. They allow you to add in any flavor you'd like. Currently I like their Mocha Mint Dutch Freeze. If I don't go here for the coffee, I'd go just to see the staff. No other business are people this friendly. Even if you've never met someone, they always try to have a conversation and want to make your experience great. Highly recommend!
5	It's and Arizona summer and nothing is better than an Iced White Annihilator! I get mine sugar free. The staff here is awesome! They remembered my order after the first visit and I've been a fan ever since.
4	Good coffee.  The staff is friendly.  Although sometimes too friendly in my opinion.  It seems like they are pandering to get tips.  I can endure that for the good coffee and convenience.
5	This is my favorite DB in the metro Phoenix area.  I don't know why, but for some reason this is the only Dutch Bros that makes Double Chocolate Mochas that aren't too bitter.  My favorite location for my favorite coffee chain.Recommended:  Iced Salted Caramel Double Chocolate Mocha (quite a mouthful!  Also a warning: it's extremely rich, definitely more of a dessert than a casual drink)
5	My only wish is that Dutch Bros was closer to me! I've heard some mediocre things about the locations in Tempe, but I've only ever been to this location, and I've never been disappointed. The staff is always helpful, friendly, and amazingly energetic. The drive thru usually moves pretty quickly; when the line is long, they'll have someone run out and take your order beforehand so that your drink is all ready to go by the time you reach the window. If for any reason there are people going through before you that are taking a while or your drink is taking a little longer to be made, someone working will usually hang out by the window and chat. I had to wait for maybe 2 minutes one time, and the worker gave me 9 extra stamps -for the record, that's only one drink away from a free one! I'm in love with the white mocha and the annihilator, but the caramelizer and chai are pretty good as well. I also hear great things about the double chocolate mocha and their lemonade, I'll have to try those sometime. In my opinion, it's a little bit on the pricey side ($4.25 for a medium) but definitely well worth it. I can't thank my roommate enough for introducing me to Dutch Bros! Unfortunately, my wallet doesn't feel the same way.
5	Before I started going to this Dutch Brothers I was only a casual morning coffee purchaser... Three times a month I would splurge... To cheap to buy coffee everyday.  I visited them opening week and Josh, Bree and Jasmine have won me over to a five to six days a week regular.I am pretty sure they are the busiest morning Dutch Bros. in Phoenix and the people are the difference.  I love the Salted Carmel Lattee but it was way to sweet to drink every morning.  Jasmine suggested I try a skinny... But I missed the chocolate milk.  So now I get a Skinny Salted Carmel, 2/3 fat free milk, 1/3 chocolate, no whip cream.  But I just get a large Brian.  What is great is that when a co-worker offers to buy me a drink, they can ask for a Brian and the drink is always right, whether I am there to purchase or not!Why do I share all this?  Because I am offended that someone would write in a review that they are only nice for tips, so far from the truth!  Like I said before, I go everyday and I am cheap (tip maybe twice a week), and I have always been treated really well there.  They are just plain good people who do their job well and with a smile!
4	This coffee blows starbucks out of the water, on everything I have tried. On iced drinks they only charge you for a medium, but you get a large. Finally someone understands you shouldn't charge the same when ice takes up a good amount of the room! They used to have awesome happy hour deals, but no longer offer it :( Hopefully the owner brings it back soon, I would be there a lot more often.
5	Dutch Brothers rock! The group of hard working people at this store really make the experience enjoyable. Always a smile, fast, good and helpful!
5	I have always been treated as #1 since day one. Awesome group here, its delightful to have a smiling face hand your morning joe instead of a snippy barista that corrects you if you don't use the right fancy word for a large coffee. Fancy friend service gets my day started off right.
5	I always look forward to going in and getting my coffee. Everyone there is always super friendly. You can definitely tell that they enjoy their job.And there're coffee freaking amazing! It is super delicious no matter what I get. They have a variety of specialty drinks you can choose from.
5	Ive never been to Dutch Bros before this morning as I'm a loyal Starbucks customer (I like Dunkin too for the sake of convenient drive thrus but they tend to be slower and mess up my order often). I forgot to make the turn to head to DD this morning so decided, reluctantly, to try out Dutch Bros. I was absolutely stunned at the service I received. It was phenomenal!!! I pulled up to order, my drink was ready in less than 2 mins, and the girl who rang me up was SOOO friendly. It's Christmas Eve, kinda sucks to be working especially early morning, but you never wouldve guessed that from her amazing positive attitude. She politely told me about their energy drink that they infuse with flavors (as I told her I'm a caffeine addict working nights at the hospital), and then offered me a punch card and gave me some extra stamps since it was my first time ever trying them out. The coffee was delicious (I got an iced white mocha with extra shot) also. I will definitely be back and more than likely passing by my usual Sbux and/or DD to get there. I worked the restaurant business before healthcare and although I'm not a difficult customer, it does take a lot to really impress me, and I've never written a review before online. But amazing places like this deserve the recognition!
5	Annihilator Freeze! So tasty! I've been to this location and the new one off Gilbert Rd, and both have SUPER DUPER friendly staff. That's something you don't find too often anymore, so it's greatly appreciated.
5	AWESOME place! it was my first time here and I can't say enough great things about it and the staff.... They were all amazing. I would definitely recommend this place!
2	Goddammit Artemiza. I waited 20 minutes for my coffee in the drive thru. FOR DRIP!! Delish coffee, but you're lucky I had a passenger in the car bc I was about to go zero to crazy having to wait 8 seconds longer in my car.  Move the special orders for us old-schoolers!!
5	Never knew what a true coffee shop is like till I came here, beyond friendly atmosphere where it is ok to hold up the line to ask for recommendations. Hahaha everyone knows that you can not do that at Starbucks of course. I have never been given a drink I hated but only LOVED! And if you do not like coffee they make tasty Italian Cream sodas, Austin knows his flavors. Go ahead and try Raspberry Lime and White Chocolate ( I know crazy sounding but tasty)! I love dutch bros so much I will get a tattoo to show my appreciation lol
5	Great customer service! Aside from their strong coffee's and latte's I think the staff is what sets them apart from the rest of the coffee chains. They are super energetic and fun! I love how they always have great specials unlike Starbucks. I like Starbucks but would prefer Dutch Bros over them hands down. The quad iced kicker is not only delicious but it gives you the perfect caffeine rush. My kids love the smoothies and I appreciate how reasonably priced they are. I also like the reusable cup that they come in. The other day I ordered a peach passion fruit Italian soda because I wanted something refreshing and that is what the barista suggested. OMG- how did I not know about this drink!!! Dutch Bros is my absolute favorite coffee spot in AZ hands down!
5	Dutch Bros is amazing. Everyone who works there is super friendly and upbeat. You will always leave there in a good mood. I don't know how they all have such great memories but they always remember our names & favorite drinks. They make my 6 year old feel like a rock star. Every time something good happens in his life, whether he beats a video game or moves up a belt in karate, the first thing he wants to do is go tell his friends at Dutch bros.  Aside from the stellar service, the drinks are deeeelish! None of that overly roasted, burned flavor of Starbucks. Not a coffee fan? Try the grapefruit green tea on a hot day. Yum!
1	I was in a rush and thought this would be a cool little coffee house. I didn't look at any photos before hand. It's one of those coffee drive thrus in the middle of a parking lot. There are a few cement benches outusde where you can sit, but you only have a view of an empty shopping center parking lot. They have coconut milk and soy milk for 50 cents extra, but no almond milk. Very obnoxious rap music plays in the seating area. I dont mind rap, but it was that digitized sounding kind and it was around 930am. Everyone there is freakishly fake happy. I fear they may be holding kool -aid cult type meetings in the actual building. Iced mocha was nothing special. Looked like they had a ton of high frctose corn syrup based flavorings, and chocolate that comes in bulk in a capri sun style pouch, to pump into drinks. Just too fake for my tastes. Cashier was very friendly, but chattiness on her part to customers slowed her down from making coffee.
5	Dutch Bros is seriously the best thing my mouth has ever met. I would choose it over Starbucks ANYDAY. The service is great and the coffee is even greater! I always get the white kicker (White Russian) and it never disappoints me! I would suggest getting it and I would also suggest asking for less ice so you get more coffee since they fill up Hal your cup with ice.haha I would suggest Dutch Bros to anyone. I love it so much!
4	Can I just say the people here are always AWESOME!  I never leave the drive through without a smile.  I sometimes find myself wondering where the heck do they get their energy then I remember .... Its a coffee joint!  Anyways, good service, great prices, fantastic espresso!!!
4	Enjoyed my first and second visits here getting an iced mocha with extra espresso shots. The cashiers are friendly and peppy which can result in a long line at the drive thru, but last I went, there was an employee walking out to the cars in line and taking orders so the coffee was ready when we pulled up to pay.
5	I couldn't say enough good things about this location and franchise. The guys and gals that work there are consistently some of the friendliest people in the industry.  Thanks again for the coffee. Dutch mafia for life.
4	Alright, as a level 10 caffeine addict, I have tried coffee shops all across town and of them all, Dutch Brothers easily has the best espresso.  It's never burnt (ahem, Starbucks I'm looking at you) and it comes with a brilliant rush that I float on for quite a while.  It's absolutely refreshing during the summer too.Of the few Dutch Brothers I've been to, this is the only one that always seem to get my drink right, no matter how it's worded (don't worry, that other location will get a review too).  However, I'd like to mention that as a socially-awkward person, I avoid Dutch Brothers on many occasions because of the over-friendly staff.  I know it's part of their job and I've been informed that they are sent home if they aren't friendly enough, but not everyone is into talking about what they're doing during the upcoming weekend on a Monday morning.I see a lot of people enjoy this and I'm glad their friendliness is effective, but I'm not a fan.  If you've ever been forced to revive the dead carcass of a conversation, you know the stench and decide it's better just to plug your nose and keep going.  However, this location generally seems to pick up that I'm awkward and leave me be, and because of that I prefer buying my delicious beverage here when I decide I can handle the onslaught of ten people synched together through a caffeine rush.
5	OK for being  a starbucks lover I am now going to be a Dutch bros lover in coffee great service and coffee I will be back again so long starbucks
5	My favorite DB crew! Great people and coffee. This is a small drive-thru coffee joint with a few tables outside but the staff is so pleasant that there are always people hanging out. We love to come here with our mutt, grab a drink and relax for a bit.
5	Dutch Brose! I love this place! The staff is always super friendly and always happy to see you. They got customer service down to a T. If you need a pick me up or just a quick break from whatever you're doing this is the place to stop.Most the time I will get either a old-school white zombie or a white Russian. Both of those items are not on the menu but I would highly recommend them.  Or if not feeling coffee that day I will get awesome ice tea.
3	Service is friendly and quick, but I thought the actual espresso was worse than average. It was bitter and it couldn't even be masked by the chocolate and caramel I ordered.
5	What a great place, thanks for the 911!! Love the music and the service, tasty coffee. Small establishment but they certainly deliver excellent coffee!!
5	Oh how I love my Dutch Brothers! I always get the Carmalizer and it is always amazing. The staff is super friendly (but not annoyingly so) and since I go to this location often most of the staff now know me and my husband by name and already know our drink order. This is by far my favorite Dutch location and believe me, I have been to a lot of them. ;)
5	They have great, strong coffee. The baristas are ALWAYS friendly, which is a nice change from other establishments. Sometimes the energy level is almost painful for me in the morning before I've had my coffee, but I would always prefer that over sullen and rude any day!
5	C'mon... outstanding service and quality... I think i pay the rent here...
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said? Great staff. Great Coffee. Great blended drinks. I have never been a coffee person but for me this is an all out restaurant love affair.
3	Every time I get my coffee never seems to taste right for a 6$ drink taste like water and not enough cream added
5	Starbucks who?? I wish these guys would expand into other states!! QAwesome friendly service - probably the best I have had anywhere. Coffee is off the chart good.
5	I have been a loyal customer of Dutch Bros coffee for years and years so when the location on greenfield and southern opened I was so excited because it is literally 1 minute away from my house. I've never been happier with everything about this location.  The employees are so AMAZING AND WELCOMING. The  place is always busy &poppin, you can't help but leave with a smile on your face. And don't be afraid of the long lines,  they always have ppl out there taking orders from your car so when u get up there it's ready for you.  Love this place always have and hoping always will
5	Customer service- AWESOME! I felt like this is the neighborhood coffee joint. And they even decorate for Halloween :) I love this place
5	Great coffee and service. While I usually wait in a long line of cars, their coffee is worth the wait. When you get to the pick up window, you're greeted by a wave of intoxicatingly addictive energy from the employees who are suuuuper nice. Come here and get some energy!
2	I was excited to try Dutch bros for the first time since every one bragged about it. We waited in line for 30 minutes and our order was incorrect. The lady helping was very sweet and then gave us another incorrect order. We finally thought we got our order and drove off. About 1/4 mile down the rode we realized the order was still incorrect! Had to go back for them to fix it again. Coffee is bitter and overly strong. Not going back.
5	Tried Dutch Bros for the first time today and it was amazing! I ordered a hot White Chocolate Mocha and they managed to keep it balanced so that it's not overwhelmingly sweet. I think it's the combo of dark and white chocolate. I usually savor hot coffee and I sucked it down in about 15 minutes. I couldn't stop drinking it. I will definitely  be back and will try some of the less indulgent drinks or the skinny versions at least. Also must mention that the employees at this location were very friendly!
5	Delicious coffees and quick, courteous service. Workers attitudes are infectious.  Get a cup of heaven in Mesa.  Love it!!
5	I love going to Dutch brothers everybody there is so nice and genuinely seems to care about how you're doing the coffee is great my kids love the Junior MAFIA drink selection we go there about twice a week but this location is my favorite
