5	Save room for dessert. As tempting as it is to blow it all on the food (salmon that was proud to die for you) and wine. Their dessert had just as much love put into it.
5	Wow.  This was a meal.  The halibut with the lemongrass broth?  Are you kidding, it blew me away.   That was a dish that was thought out and was just perfection.  My buddy had the fillet, and that was just unbelieveable.  The most tender fillet i have tasted, and i get it all over the place.    I will be back for sure.
3	If there were half stars to give, Aquaknox would get a 3.5.  It is really good, but not great.  First of all, the lobster bisque is fantastic and was the highlight of the meal.  It had a light amount of cream, wonderful lobster chunks and a dabble of caviar on top.  Probably some of the best bisque I have had in my life.  One member our party had the fish soup and raved about how fantastic it was.  I had the John Dory and it was really good.  It came prepared with a corn and fava bean relish which was light and tasty.  We were told that Aquaknox is known for its John Dory so we expected to be blown away.  It was really good, but not something to be "known for."  What really took this restaurant from four to three stars was that a couple in our group ordered the $68 surf and turf special.  It came out luke warm.  Our waiter took it straight back and cooked them new entrees and the manager apologized, so I have to compliment the service.  However, a $68 meal should never come out cold.The decor is uber trendy and fun.  The wine list is extensive and the atmosphere has a great vibe.  Our service was spot on and our waiter answered all questions without hestitation...and with this group, there are always a lot of questions.  We enjoyed our meal, but would probably choose to go back to Delmonico's next door over Aquaknox.
4	This place definitely rates 4 or 5 for design and ambiance.  The ocean inspired deep blue motif is calming and assuring.  This review is actually just for the bar which I visited twice on last weeks trip, but I did have the pleasure to dine with Aquaknox this time last year.I'm actually allergic to fin-fish (swimming fish as opposed to shell fish) so I'm probably not the guy to write a dining review.  The bar service is great and our waitress was spicy, friendly and on the ball.  There was definitely energy in the area but it was not too loud and at one point someone in our party got a little rowdy and other guests noticed/.  Not bad, just a sign that you can carry on a civilized conversation without straining your voice.My recollections of last years meal are positive and the service at the bar this year was exceptional enough that I would definitely recommend this establishment whether you are on vacation with loved ones or friends; or on your way back from walking the Sands Expo floor with clients or co-workers.Cheers Aquaknox - to a great experience!
4	We went to see a show at the MGM Grand (Ka) in july. After dinner at the Aquaknox with my girlfriend. Love the show want to recommend this show to anyone. I think it's one of the best show in Las Vegas. The Aquaknox is located in Venetian hotel and casino. After looking at menu,  we order Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes for Appetizer. My girlfriend order Whole Grilled Lobster and I have a Filet Mignon. Did not have anything for dessert because we did not have any room for it. But the dinner was very big portion I was unable to finish my main course. Good food, good atmosphere and good service. EXECUTIVE CHEF: Tom MoloneyMENU: California inspired Seafood restaurant offeringclassic dishes as well as inspiring creations.DINNER: Sun - Thurs 5:30 p.m. - 11:00 p.m.Friday & Saturday 5:30 p.m. - 11:30 p.m.BAR HOURS: Sun - Thurs 12:00 noon - 1:00 a.m.Friday & Saturday 12:00 noon - 2:00 a.m.PHONE: (702) 414-3772
1	Is this place still open? I guess if I look like Crockett or Tubbs I would hit this place in south beach, in 1984. I thought this place reeked of cheese. Believe me I came in without any preconceived notion or opinion. What I left with was the feeling of being had. How can someone from the West coast feel this is decent seafood. The fish as well as the pairings really sucked. Ok, I had some Fanny Bay oysters that were fine to start, but as they evening progressed I felt that this was becoming a waste of money. Did I mention the aquablue bolagnie decore?
4	Very good sushi but not the best.. the presentation and the scenery makes this place more that it could be.. The crab cakes are amazing and the grilled ahi tuna is beautifully presented and very good.
5	I am all about sauce.  Cooking the fish to perfection is expected, and it was perfect.  But the sauce on the halibut with the lemongrass broth was perfection.  Every bite has to be thoroughly savored as meals of this quality are few.  My date had the mesquite grilled New Zealand King salmon and was fantastic, but the halibut was world class.  A large wine list with a wide range of prices was great, including my favorite sparkling wine, since I will no longer drink French sparkling wine (a won't call theirs by the 'C' word either), J (Jordan) sparkling wine.  I do miss Vueve Cliquot, but since they want to be jerks, J is the best California alternative.  Vegas has the best dining and there are a lot of choices, and same have more notoriety, so if you have enjoyed the big names, the food here is a hidden gem to be tried.  I found the service rushed, but knowledgeable, accommodating, and friendly.  The staff and atmosphere are fine, but the food is so much the star I could have been seated at a picnic table and still have given this 5 stars.
4	I had a great time here and the oysters on the 1/2 shell were deeeelish! They're even better when someone buys them because they like your friend and are trying so hard to impress.We never made it to a table but sat at the bar for drinks. Xavier, the bartender, took good care of us. This isn't the first time I've been here for drinks... and it won't be the last.
5	This place is impressive. The decor is straight out of Biff's penthouse suite in Back to the Future 2. Wide open and ultra modern with multi-level tables, but without losing that comfort zone at each table. The salmon was ridiculous and the wine was top notch. For the first time I actually savored each bite instead of going dyson on the plate. Like everything in vegas, it helps you lose weight... in the wallet.
4	Omigoodness. If you like seafood you HAVE to eat here when in Vegas. The fish is done sooo perfectly. AND there isn't much attitude like you can find at other restaurants in The Venetian (Ahem, Bouchon).My dinner at Aquaknox was one of the most delicious meals I have ever eaten. We started with the House Smoked Fish Plate (absolutely sublime) and the Seafood Trio appetizers (sweet shrimp, lobster and jumbo crab cocktails all with their own special sauces - YUM!!). Frickin amazing. Both of them. We moved on to the beet salad with horseradish vinaigrette and then I ordered the mesquite grilled Wild King Salmon and she ordered the sauteed John Dory with Lobster Succotash and Sweet Corn Broth. The salmon and the john dory were both cooked perfectly - medium rare, the sauces wonderful. As often happens, I liked her dish even better than mine! We ordered two desserts and only liked one of them, but that's because my friend doesn't like mousse and i don't like that kind of rich semisweet chocolate enough to have really  enjoyed the dessert. But the peach crumble dessert was awesome! The only reason why I am giving them 4 stars and not 5 is because the waiter seemed to have a great deal of trouble getting us a dry white wine to go with our meal. We tried one tasting at his suggestion and it was way too fruity and so we opted for another one he suggested, a Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand, which (1) took too long to get to our table (there was some problem, and we had already gone through 1/2 our appetizers by the time it showed up at our table) and (2) was NOT DRY! it wasn't overly sweet but it certainly was not dry as we had asked. But by the 2nd glass it didn't matter and the frickin food was sooo goshdarn delicious that I still walked away happy as, well, a clam.
4	What a beautiful and tastefully decorated place...  We started our dinner with Aquatini and boy were they awesome!!!   Then we were seated shortly.   We started our meal with  2 order of Seafood platter, Caviar, and few orders of beet salad, and green salad.  They were all wonderful...  There were five of us.  3 of my friends got the Surf and Turf ( ribeye steak & lobster),  my other girlfriend had crab stuffed lobster, and I had the lobster bisque soup, and  Day Boat Scallops. Follow by few of their dessert plate.  Yeah I know we LOVE to eat!!!Here are the Pros...OMG!!!! My Lobster  Bisque Soup was by far the BEST I've ever had....  It was to DIE for... So creamy and delicious!  Also my scallops were fantastic!!!  They were seared perfect!!!!  They just melted in my mouth!Also, their service was excellent...  It seems like we had multiple staff wait on us...  We never once had to ask for anything...  Here are the Cons.... We had a very hard time with their wine list... For the quality of food and being an upscale restaurant their wine list was mediocre...  We started off with ZD Reserve, which was an okay wine... But I can get that from BevMo for $45.00... Our second bottle was 2002 Far Niente which was better then ZD but still weren't very impressed.  Another thing, the lobster was bit tough... We had hard time cutting the meat so one of the wait staff ended up cutting out the meat for us...  Last thing, which is no big deal, but they ran out of Beluga caviar so they had to run to next door to get lower grade caviar...  :(  If they had a better wine list, and we didn't have any issue with the lobster I would have given them 5 stars...   Also, it is bit pricey...  Our bill came out to $1,550.00 for party of 5...  Then again we felt that we deserve a good food now and then.... So it was worth it!!!!
4	I loved the decor in Aquaknox, it is so beautiful, just amazing. The Aquatini is a must. The group had a seafood platter -- a nice assortment of raw fish and a great oyster shooter. This is a nice start actually very filling. Another must is the lobster bisque soup -- truly a must. I had the crab stuffed lobster which was really very good and tasty. The lobster was tough I could not cut it out of the shell. My friends were disappointed in the wine list we had two OK bottles of wine in my opinion. The services was great. I don't know if I would go back to this place for anything other than the Aquatini and Lobster Bisque. I enjoyed my meal but there are so many other places to try. . . .if you have not been go you will enjoy.
3	Waterfalls and fountains, aqua and white, ultra chic and modern, fish and shellfish. This serene, and comfortable restaurant is sandwiched between many other fine dining restaurants, from French (Pinot Brasserie), whimsical and creative American cuisine (David Burke), to Emeril (Delmonico Steakhouse). Their prized seafood, flown in daily, is 80% of the dinner menu, also, boasts an expansive, wine list. The menu includes signature dishes, such as, the seafood plateau (enough for two).  The plateau includes, 3 mussels, 3 clams, 3 prawns, 2 crab claws, 6 oysters on a half shell, 2 oyster ponzu shooters, and a small dish of shrimp ceviche (side note: massive dish, prawns were shrimp, ponzu shooters were too sweet and might be a lil on the spicy side for the general public). The presentations of the John Dory with lobster stuccotash and sweet corn broth and Jumbo Louisana Prawns on a bed of curried forbidden black rice were aesthetically appealing, but a tad under-seasoned. Again, very fresh seafood. Dessert; Pear Frangipane with Vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce, garnished with a pear chip and a Mint Chocolate Cake with mint ice cream and a chocolate sauce, garnished with chocolate flutes, once again, aesthetically pleasing, although, the ice cream somewhere other than on top of the cake. The service was a roller coaster. Our server, somewhat disappeared and another server/food runner took over and saved her. Otherwise, a great dining experience.Casino parking.Food: 7 Service: 7 Cost: $65/person3 1/2 Stars
5	Where to go for dinner in Vegas?  That was the question of the night during a recent trip to Sin City.  Since most of our meals were pre-arranged catered events (we were in town for a convention), this became a rather difficult decision given our myriad restaurant options and only one night to dine out!  In the end, my companion and I decided on Aquaknox.  We were both in the mood for seafood and some tasty cocktails.  I had been warned by other reviewers that the decor might be a bit cheesy (think 80s, Miami Vice, was what I remembered one reviewer wrote).  However, when we arrived there we were pleasantly surprised.  Surrounded by "waterfalls" on the windows and soft lights that changed from shades of green to blue, I actually felt a tranquil and calming influence instead of the modern, angular harshness that I had expected.  I ordered a Red Lotus martini and my companion had their signature Aquatini.  We found ourselves immediately relaxed.We were both very happy with our appetizers and entrees.  The portions were perfect -- neither too big nor small, enough to satisfy my appetite without leaving me feeling too full.  My salad was loaded with ample servings of shrimp and crab.  The lobster bisque was delicious.  My grouper entree with the miso broth, soba noodles, shiitake mushrooms and bok choy was fresh and flavorful.  The scallops were seared to perfection.  Above all, we were most impressed with the service.  We had about 4 waiters serving us throughout our meal.  Each was pleasant and courteous (not intrusive), explained their portion of the menu well, and not once did we feel an air of pretense.  Our experience at Aquaknox shows how a restaurant can provide excellent food and service without the snobbishness that too often accompanies upscale dining.
3	I choose Aquaknox for Christmas eve dinner with my parents and bf.  My sole criteria were: non-steak, seafood preferred, on the strip, reservation availability on opentable, and of course, positive yelp reviews.  First off, the place did not look as impressive as I'd hoped.  My expectations were probably too high.  In the dining area, there wasn't any cool watery dcor, because that's only in the bar area.  We were seated somewhere in the middle of the room, and it felt very cramped, like all the tables were too close.  For one thing, the chairs were huge (although comfortable) taking up a lot of space, difficult to get in and out and move around.  Service wasn't as smooth as I expected, nor comfortable or inviting.  For appetizers, I ordered lobster bisque for myself and crab cakes for the table.  I don't understand the hype about lobster bisque.  It was creamy, has the essence of lobster, little chunks of lobster, and so it hit all the right marks, but didn't amaze me.  Maybe three days of lobster had something to do with it as well.  The crab cakes were also perfectly done, but not above and beyond.  I think I'm also jaded with an overabundance of crab cakes in my diet.  For the main, I ordered the John Dory.  I loved the lobster succotash, although a little bit sweet.  Tasting around the table, there were scallops, jumbo prawns, and ahi tuna.  Everything was perfectly cooked, and each had very different, yet interesting sides.  The prawns were probably the largest I had ever seen.  The tuna was a turn off because of its overly strong tapenade topping.  For dessert we had the crme brulee and sticky toffee pudding.  I scoffed at the brulee - I could make a better one at home.  It was too soft when served.  I enjoyed the toffee, since it was the first one I ever had.  The coffee came with chocolate almond biscotti, which I appreciated.If you're watching Blue Man, it's a toss up between this and Delmonico's next door.In the end, I just felt guilty for all the fresh fish having been flown in to Vegas.  This is the desert!  I'll stick to seafood in San Francisco.
4	Aquaknox is a 3.5, but I'll round up to a 4.   My girlfriend and I sat at the bar for drinks and dinner.  The bar area was so nice, lively, and fun.   I had my standard Captain and Coke and ordered some Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and a Sea Scallop dinner.  The shrimp cocktail was good but pricey.   Four large shrimps for $18.   The sea scallop dinner was $35 for four HUGE scallops.  They were served on top of a sweet potato puree and mushrooms.  The scallops were very good but not the best I've had.  I was almost done with my Captain and Coke when the bartender accidentally refilled the whole thing with Coke.  He realized his mistake immediately and gave me another free drink.   As he pushed it toward me, one of the drinks spilled onto the pants and shoes of the man sitting next to me.  He gave him a free drink and appetizer which was nice.  I really liked the atmosphere and would come back again.  I would recommend giving it a try.
3	I would never have gone to a place like this if somebody else wasn't paying. It's your typical "pay a lot of money to have some guy talk to you in an accent and serve you half a plate of food for $60" kind of place.They had a good selection of wine, and the filet mignon was good... but not something I couldn't make myself (even if it was sliced by the executive chef.. woooo)The atmosphere made me feel like I was eating in the middle of an Ikea store, and we had to pay for water.If somebody wants to bankroll my dinner I'll go back, but I have had $5 cheeseburgers that I loved waaay more than my $42 prawns.
5	Any place that cracks my lobster claws for me deserves 5 stars and a nice tip!!! This waiter was great!!! We started with 2 crab claws that did not provide very much meat. This was okay with us, because when the entrees were served it was clear we did not need an appetizer. I had lobster stuffed with crab! Yum!! It was cooked perfectly so there was not too much hassle to get the meat out. Then the waiter offered to crack my lobster claws and pulled out this scrumptious piece of meat that was heavenly! Oh my. My date had surf and turf which is huge. A full prime rib and a full lobster, I think it is meant for 2 people? Delicious none the less. Everything was great here.
2	Very loud place,They make you wait at the bar forever.Food wasgood but way over priced.Won't eat here again.Too many great placesin town that has better food and service without the need for ear plugsand waiting 20 minutes pass your reservation
3	We couldn't get a table at Emeril Lagasse's place. So, we ended up here it was in the same hotel. The Oysters on the Half Shell and Tuna Tataki and Tartare was okay but pricey. For my main dish I had the Crispy Duck Breast. Pretty good it was a good thing I stay up the whole night after that dinner.
3	Dined here once.  Nothing stood out enough for me to remember other than the seafood platter, but who can screw up a cold seafood platter at this price point?  I'd rather chow down @ The Oyster Bar for my raw seafood fix.
4	Just had drinks here.....Beautiful, beautiful restaurant tucked away out of the way in the Venetian (like Bouchon where you aren't amidst the hussle and bussle).  The signature martini with blue raspberry is unbelievable.  The bar service was ok, a little short and unfriendly.  I would recommend Aquaknox for a chill spot to grab a drink or two.
4	Finally a Las Vegas restaurant that give you what you pay for. This place is really not THAT expensive considering the pricey options in Vegas but the truth is you really get alot of food for your money at this place. I started with steamed clams that weren't huge but they were soo good. The sauce they were served in was delicious! I also had a whole lobster which was stuffed with crab stuffing. The lobster must've been at least 2 lbs. It was cooked perfect and buttery and delicious. I made a huge mess and I like the type of fancy restaurant that doesn't make you afraid to get into your food. The wait staff was excellent. I must've had 4 waitors all stumling over eachother to get us what we needed. The dessert was good too. I think we had creme brulee but can't remember. They also gave us hot towels and things to clean up after we got all lobstery. This place was great. I can't even complain about the price which is usually my favorite thing to do.The atmosphere was soothing and romantic with blue and white everything. They had really nice looking booths that I would like to sit in next time I'm there. Really well decorated, fashionable, and super delicious. This place hit the nail on the head for sure.
3	I really wish the food had lived up to the ambiance and service. I dined here on a Saturday night with five other ladies before a night of clubbing. The decor is beautiful and the restaurant has a good vibe to it. Our server was extremely nice, attentive and joked around with us a lot. Plus they had the Penguins hockey game on which made a few of my dining companions really happy. We even made friends with some other diners who happened to be Pens fans as well!The food was just mediocre though. I had the romaine heart salad (blue cheese caesar) and crab cakes. I am picky about crab cakes and have very high expectations. I did appreciate the lack of filler but there just wasn't enough jumbo crab meat in them. Plus they had a weird buttery taste which I did not enjoy. The salad was a nice size and was good enough, but not great. It had a little too much dressing on it for my liking, so I would recommend getting it on the side. We also had two bottles of Chardonnay, but the name of the exact bottles we had escapes me. The wine list is extensive and has a variety of price points which was helpful especially in a group.I wouldn't return to Aquaknox to dine, but it is a good place to grab a drink or two before heading across the hall to VBar.
3	Ok, here is the deal.  I've been to Aquaknox many times for drinks at the bar and its always ok.  One time the bartender didn't know how to make a Kir Royale and I had to explain it to her.  I let it slide since I thought it may not be the most popular drink even if I consider it to be standard.On my last trip to Vegas my friend, the birthday girl, decided to have her birthday dinner at Aquaknox.  Finally given the chance to try the cuisine, I have to admit that I was not very impressed.  The Sommelier was moderately helpful in the end but during the process of selecting a wine she continuously suggested wines that were clearly out of the price range we were looking.  (I hate when Sommeliers do that.  I'm not going for the $180 bottle of wine tonight, thanks).  In the end she was able to produce two bottles of a nice chardonnay not on the menu.  The butter lettuce and herb salad was good, the dressing was nice and light and the salad was a good size.  The shrimp cocktail, however, was not as good.  It was literally downed in cocktail sauce.  I'm the kind of girl that likes to dip (my husband on the other hand likes to smother) and I didn't appreciate the pint of cocktail sauce on my shrimp.  (To be fair it was a good sized serving of shrimp).Aquaknox probably would not be on the top of my list of Vegas restaurant suggestions.
3	I actually texted my sister right after the meal, raving that my dinner at Aquaknox was one of the best I've had in a while.  Well, that's what delirium does to you...your judgment gets all clouded.  This was my first meal during my long weekend in Vegas, and I was absolutely starving after a day of sun-worshipping.  We got to the restaurant around 10-ish Thursday night, and the place was pretty empty.  Yet, they still made us wait like 25 minutes at the bar.  Finally, once we were ravenous AND tipsy, they decided to seat us at one of the booths.  Very pretty decor, btw.  Aquaknox, you may have deceived my tipsy self into thinking I had a great meal here with your fancy decor and super-nice and attentive staff during that night (come to think of it, is there a restaurant in Vegas that DOESN"T have super-nice and attentive staff?)  However, I have been schooled in the ways of Vegas dining since, and I am no longer impressed.  For my entree, I ordered the Seared Main Scallops with mushrooms, spaghetti squash, and some Asian-looking green vegetable in a cream sauce.  After finishing off the scallops and mushrooms, I poked at the rest of my entree.  Now, I like veggies, but the way they prepared it was a bit...underwhelming.  I also tried the Seared Ahi Tuna, which was cooked perfectly.  However, I nearly choked on the excess pepper that was on that tuna.  Dessert was phyllo with walnut ice cream in a caramel sauce.  Pretty presentation, but taste was nothing special.  You're basically paying for the ambience and service here (minus the long wait).  One last thing...do NOT try the Ginger Beer....blech.Overall impression:  overpriced, mediocre drinks, and overly seasoned food (what are they trying to hide?)  I'd really give the place two and a half stars, but they were really nice when my also-drunk friend knocked over a glass and broke it while trying to get up, hence the three stars.  Would I come back, though?  Probably not.
3	Went with a group of 5 friends for one of their 21st birthdays.  The restaurant theme is 'global water cuisine' and the decor attempts to evoke the sea with waterfalls and aqua hued walls and ceilings.  The meal began with an amuse of a smoked salmon mousse paired with breadsticks.  The mousse was smooth with a nice kick of horseradish and tabasco flavors.  We ordered a platter of 12 oysters for the table to start and then each ordered entrees: seared ahi tuna, scallops, and grilled whole fish.  The oysters (~$30) were the standout of the night: fresh, tender and perfectly briny, served with wedges of lemon and individually-sized bottles of Tabasco sauce.  Perfectly seared, slightly sweet scallops were served on a bed of sweet corn, mushrooms and chive-mashed potatoes.  The grilled fish was accompanied by wonderfully roasted cherry tomatoes which may have eclipsed the fish itself.  The seared ahi was technically perfectly, but the sauce was remarkably (overly?) strong and sweet.  Portion sizes were reasonable for a restaurant of this caliber and prices ran $35 - 40 per entree.  The birthday girl received, on the house, a lovely triangle of rich chocolate cake with a candle and a "happy birthday" engraved on a chocolate disk.  Finally, a small plate of complimentary rhombus-shaped chocolate squares finished the meal.Aqua Knox also features an extensive wine list, off of which we ordered the Baileyana Chardonnay ($57), with the help of the sommelier who directed us toward our stated preference for something dry and oaky. Through the course of the evening we interacted with two waitresses and two sommeliers.  While all were pleasant, the upselling pressure  was immense.  We were continually directed toward wines more expensive than our preferred range and asked numerous times if we wanted to order more appetizers, salads, soups, and desserts.  Judging by our appearances (nicely dressed but very young) and our firm "no"s to all extraneous offers, I would think our price point was clear.  I'm not particularly sensitive to upselling, but the amount of marketing here was enough to leave me with unfond memories.Overall, exquisite food but not particularly unique nor a great value (although it's hard to imagine that any of the celebrity restaurants in Vegas could be considered a great value).  A solid pick though if you're looking for exceptionally fresh (flown in daily) and well-prepared seafood.
4	The family and I dined at Aquaknox our second night in Vegas.  For those who have never been there, it is located in the Venetian.  First impression:  very soothing colors in shades of blue, green and cream.  They have a really cool little private dining room with seating for about 4 or 5 inside a round glass wine display.  Imagine dining with bottles and bottles of wine surrounding you.  ;)  They have a few pretty water displays too.  The restaurant was not very busy, but to be honest, Vegas itself seemed pretty empty this trip.  The economy perhaps?  Anyway, our waiter and busboy were both very pleasant and helpful.  We had three coupons for complimentary Aquatinis...don't mind if we do!  It was a very pretty drink, but a little too sweet for my taste.  I split the beet salad with my sister.  It was served with a rather sweet dressing.  Thank goodness for the blue cheese crumbles which did a great job balancing out the sweetness.  I found several entrees on the menu that sounded really good, but I chose the grouper.  It was rice crusted and served over green tea-infused soba noodles.  As separates, everything was very tasty, but together it was a rather odd combo of flavors.  If I went back I would probably order the scallops like my dad or the John Dory like my mom and sister.  We all split a Lemon Crush dessert which was excellent.  It consisted of the most amazing lemon cake, a little round cookie on top of the cake and a scoop of ice cream.  The presentation of all of our dishes was very pleasing.
3	the lounge area is very cool, spacious.  the food is solid, seafood tasted very fresh.  it's a lot less of a 'scene' here and more reasonably priced than the other celebrity chef restaurants in and around venentian
4	AquaKnox, located in The Venetian Resort Hotel & Casino, is, as I am told, one of the area's premier seafood restaurants. I am not one who enjoys fish, so I perused the menu for an alternative. On that, or any menu, a steak suits me just fine. It is fish that I can live without, but I do like shrimp, crab and lobster. Fitting with that, I and my business travel companion shared the Seafood Trio appetizer: sweet shrimp, lobster and jumbo crab served with AquaKnox cocktail sauce. The name is rather misleading as only the shrimp comes with the cocktail sauce. Each of the three meats comes plated with its own unique sauce. Of the three, though I liked them all, the crab was my least favorite. I ordered their Bone-In Ribeye, though the menu online shows "Bisteca (32 oz. Prime Double Cut Porterhouse)." I cannot say if that is new to the menu or if the ribeye is instead. What I can tell you is that the competition in my search for the best steak in Las Vegas just got a little tougher. The ribeye came over root vegetables. I feel bad saying that the ribeye at AquaKnox is one of the best steaks in 'Vegas if it is not even an option anymore. I cannot speak to the porterhouse, though I would be tempted to try a "serves two" steak alone! The prices were not outrageous, though I had expected them to be. Most main dishes were around $30. If you need to find it, the restaurant is located outside the Blue Man Group Theatre. AquaKnox has not converted me to the ways of seafood, but through steak they have helped me recommend this restaurant to you. There are so many restaurants in Las Vegas I do not know if I will ever go back to AquaKnox, but it was worth going once for me. And if the situation arose, I would not hesitate to go back.
5	Disclaimer: Rating this based on the food and food alone.  Not the bar nor the wine.I've decided to stop being a silent lurker and start contributing to Yelp! :)I'm going to start with Aquaknox, a little gem that I've been going to since its opening week.  I remember during its first few years there was never a need to make a reservation.  It pleases me to see that how its steadily grown.A quick note about the decor - it's date-worthy in a more less-romantic more-chic type of way.  I like when the lights changes color and getting a table with a good view of the wine cellar is always a plus.So, don't let the entire seafood look and feel fool you.  What's really good here is the ribeye.  Several years ago one waiter proudly boasted to us that they have "the best Ribeye in Vegas".  Now, I think Vegas has many fairly good steak houses.  SW, Prime, Fix, Boa, and now Cut comes to mind, but this guy was not exaggerating.  It is really really good even when you compare it to upper echelon steakhouses' ribeye.  From some of the reviews I read - it makes me shiver thinking they may not have that ribeye anymore.  I don't know - I was at Vegas two weekends ago and also a month and a half ago, but I didn't have the opportunity to stop by.  I'll be there for Christmas and maybe once in between - I'll definitely check it out once during those two visits.Assuming it's still there - if you're looking to get a great ribeye that somewhere else would easily charge you much more for the same quality - this is a great place.  You can also get the ribeye with the surf and turf special, which lets you pick between either a crab-stuffed lobster tail or just a regular 'ol lobster tail.  Both are good, I prefer the non-stuffed lobster tail.  Nothing spectacular as far as lobster goes, but completes the meal just fine.  Beware though, from my experience getting the surf and turf "special" is identical as ordering both the lobster tail and the ribeye together.  As in, the price is just the two dishes put together.  Maybe save a buck.Another awesome dish here is the scallops.  I don't remember if it's an entree or an appetizer, but if it's an entree, we order it and request it to be served like an appetizer.  It's large, tender, flavorful, and depending on the seasonal preparation it will have a nice matching secondary taste.Crab cakes were pretty decent too.  Nothing too "wow wow wow" but serves as a good alternative appetizer when in a large party.Overall, I've never had a bad experience dining at Aquaknox and I'm pretty sure I've been there at least 15-20 times over the years.  It's certainly one of the two restaurants I've frequented the most often @ Las Vegas and will continue to attract me until they somehow mysteriously decline (ala Postrio).Here's to hoping it stays great. :)
5	best scallops i've ever had!
4	Dined here with a large group during Labor day weekend.  We made the reservations Saturday afternoon and they were able to accomodate us, for that night, so I was hesitant about this place.  Labor day weekend, Saturday night, and not booked? what gives? Well I was pleasantly surprised.  The place is unassuming from outside (located in the Venetian) but inside is tastefully decorated.  I loved all the soothing blue colors they used throughout. We were seated promptly and our server was stellar.  You could tell he was experienced and swiftly took our drink orders.  I heard him make some suggestions for wine as well as signature dishes to try.  I decided to splurge on myself and ordered the crab stuffed lobster.  Now I've had lobster at chain restaurants, as well as fine dining establishments, but the lobster they brought out was the biggest I'd ever seen.  It was sliced in half exposing all of the wonderful meat, crab stuffing and served with drawn butter.  It was pure indulgence.  The lobster was tender and sweet and the crab stuffing was savory and flavored well.  And then, dunking it all into the melted butter! It  was  too much for my taste buds! Needless to say, I was glad I decided to splurge because it was a well spent $70.  Oh yeah, there were vegetables served on the side, but clearly the lobster was the star.  I did hear a few comments about the roasted chicken being too salty but overall, I think everyone else enjoyed their meals.  Honestly, I was too busy enjoying my lobster to even care.
4	This is a 3.5 star review.  Aquaknox sits in the Venetian, in restaurant row.  The bar has a nice seating area, and is chill, without pretending to be a ultralounge.  The restaurant itself has nice ambiance... despite being on a main walking drag, you can be just inside the restaurant and it's not too loud, which is kind of a miracle.  The food was solid.  Again, I'd put the food at 3.5 stars. I had the blue cheese caesar, which was properly dressed, and had lots of flavor.  The tuna crudo and tartare were both very tasty, and used interesting flavors with the fish. It didn't make the fish the star, but it was tasty, and that's coming from a purist.
1	Buyer beware.  Despite how the restaurant markets itself, this is not the marquee restaurant at the Venetian.  The restaurant charges a hefty premium for food that's only middling.  Service is OK.  The seafood sampler platter is striking, but simply not worth the price.  The same can be said for every other item on the menu.  From first hand experience, it's clear that managing partner Tom Bachner puts the business ahead of properly serving customers.There are many other restaurants that offer a much better overall experience.  B & B Ristorante just down the hall puts this restaurant to shame in all respects.
5	Yummmmmmm.
5	One of the best meals in Vegas! The seafood was flawless. The service was great. This place is POPULAR, so getting to your table is a bit of an adventure. The hostesses were not the warmest, but they were being BOMBARDED with people. The decor is nice. MAKE RESERVATIONS, and still plan to wait a bit. But, I will come back again and again!
3	Price: ExpensiveAtmosphere: Very CoolService: ExcellentFood: OKService was great, oysters were excellent, John Dory seafood fillet was good first time for that style  and type of fish for me! Business dinner 4ppl 6:30pm again you would never know it was a recession in Vegas, place was hopping.Plenty of better Seafood Restaurants in Vegas at the same price point before I'd go back to this one.
3	Equinox or Aquaknox? whatever, but i like the vibe of the place. i came here, didn't sit for food, since i was invited for a small cocktail party held by a friend. Greeted by nice people and waiters asked me many times if i need service. I was only a guest, but heck, there was service. I only stayed for 10 mins max, and service experience was really good. Hopefully i'll come back for something else, but 3 stars for now.
4	Came here on our last night of our weekend Vegas getaway.  Had no reservations on a Saturday night, but we got a table nonetheless.  The hostess proceeded to sit us at a table of 6 for our party of 5.  Seeing that there were 5 settings, but 6 chairs, the gorgeous hostess reamed the help to "get their act together".  Hot and bitchy, now that's my kind of girl.The food was decent for the most part.  Had the Seafood Plateau to start which had fresh items from the raw bar.  My entree was the fish soup, which was sort of a spin on the classic cioppino.  My friends had the scallops which were delicious.  The bill was not cheap, but not outrageous.  This place is on par with most decent seafood joints in Vegas.
4	Sure it's a bit pricey, but the qualities of the food, service, and ambience is on par with the prices.  If you go, I recommend the Clam Steamers to share with your party.  The taste of the clams cannot be duplicated anywhere else!  I am not sure about paying $8 for a bottle of H20, though.Ambience- Hip yet classy.Food- Good food, but I think you are mostly paying for the ambience and service.  Except the Clam Steamers were out of this world!Service- Friendly, professional, and very attentive.
4	Yum!  It was on the picey side, but we had GREAT service.  The amuse bouce was quite amusing.  The little dessert mini bites were amazing.  There were some items that I would have tried, if we hadn't been headed out drinking.  Some of the sauces were a bit rich.  The specialty martini drinks were amazing.  The salad with fruit was good, but a bit heavy on the dressing.  The tuna tartare was AMAZING.  The decor was nice too.  This is a great place for a long, lingering dinner.
4	Much like the rest  of Vegas, AquaKnox seeks to blend the contemporary with the trendy and it succeeds.  This is definitely one of the places to check out along a strip full of what I would otherwise consider sensory overload.  They have a private dining area sectioned off by a glass wall so it looks like diners are sitting inside a fish tank, which I thought was very cool. The atmosphere was relaxing and service proved that dining here was worth every penny.Highlights off the dinner menu include jumbo lump crab cakes served over a bed of market vegetable relish and citrus aioli; seared fennel dusted ahi tuna; an upscale rendition of S'mores (yes ... but cleaner and no melty marshmallows all over your hands), ultra-smooth vanilla creme brulee, and a tasty, though not tart enough, lychee sorbet.
1	WARNING: Beware of the servers.First, we ordered water. They served us bottled still water when we clearly did NOT order it. And I've always had servers ask still, sparkling, or tap. This server didn't even ask! And they kept refilling our cups without us asking and without letting us know how many bottles we've used so we ended up paying for many bottles of water. So I guess let them know if you want tap water instead of bottled water. I don't mind paying for bottled water if that's what I'm expecting to do but we didn't even know until the bill came.For appetizers we ordered the Seafood Plateau but it was $79 and serves only TWO people. Granted it does come with a variety of items but our server suggested this appetizer for our group of 8 but failed to mention the price. So $79 times 4 plus our main entrees equals a hefty tip for him. That Bastard. But the food alone was delicious and fresh so if the service was better, then I would have given it 4 stars easily. But since they tried to sell us every expensive thing on the menu it deserves only one star. I will never return. I've never experienced this before at any other upscale establishment so I guess that's why I felt so cheated.But if you do want to eat here then get the ponzu and sake oyster shooters. We had multiple shots.
5	Absolutely loved Aquaknox for appetizers and drinks with colleagues!  Fantastic setup with a definite ocean vibe without that stinky fish smell.  I happened to be there between 4pm and 7pm, when drinks containing Absolut vodka (among other possibilities) were buy one, get one.  So I scored two $13.00 martinis for the price of one!  Heaven!  What a steal in Las Vegas!  After the first martini, I realized I needed a snack in order to stand up without falling over.  My boyfriend and I decided to split the Seafood Trio.  Yum!  Truly this is one of the tastiest dishes I've *ever* had!  It was lump crab cake, sweet lobster and cocktail shrimp.  OMG!  It's something to dream about!  Service was great; prices were fair.  I didn't sit in the main dining area or sample from that menu.
3	I only had a late night snack at the bar, crabcakes and wine. The crabcake app was excellent, the best crabcake I've ever had, and most expensive at 18 or so. It had virtually no filler, was cooked perfectly crispy on the outside, had nicely separate flavors from the greens garnish to the diced veggies underneath and the amazinng citrus aioli. 2 of them were small but filling enough for an app. Also had a chard by the glass from whatever was available on the limited menu for wine by glass and it too was excellent and would have paired well with many foods. My server at the bar was a little rushed, hasty, and seemed like she couldn't be bothered with a customer at first, but then she warmed up. Mixed reviews would turn me off to a full on dinner here but if you start off with the crabcakes you'll like that part.
5	AquaKnox was amazing. I ordered the surf and turf, and my filet was cooked perfectly, and served with a delicious reduction over a bed of mashed potatoes. The lobster was crab-stuffed, and the drawn butter was seasoned with something that made butter taste even better, if that is possible. To start we had a cheese plate, that was by far the best cheese plate I have ever had. The server brought us mini carrot cake bites at the end, courtesy of the chef. The service was really attentive and yeah, it was pricey, but I will never understand why people go to an expensive restaurant then complain about the price. If you are docking stars for the price people, I'm pretty sure there is a Panda Express around the corner. Loved loved AquaKnox, will definitely go back.
2	Came here only for the bar.Don't order a dirty martini unless you know what you're getting into. It was straight up gin and a bad idea. Noobs. Pear martini was really delicious, but didn't make up for the rest. Tokyo tea wasn't very stiff, and appletini was easy on the 'tini. (I had to say it, thank you Dr. John Dorian.)Bartender/waitress was hurrying us out at 11pm on a Saturday night. Wtf. She took away our candle! Yes, I put that in the yelp review.
2	So maybe the food is good, but hello if you're gonna be a place to have a full bar and lounge places to sit, don't close before midnight on a weekend. And don't take my candle just so you can close early. I definitely won't be coming back here again.
2	Let it be known that I only went to the bar (its nice looking, the water theme is cool, chill atmosphere too) at this place with a friend, who ordered a round then we left, so I know nothing about the food or service. What I do know is that when I saw my friend's tab for the two drinks he bought, I told him that I hope he also gets a squeezer or a small home to accompany the drinks or else he is getting royally screwed. Needless to say, he has no condo and no women accosted him as we sipped our small fortunes, so the royal screwing did indeed occur. While I expected the drinks to be expensive at this place, there is no need for a bar to ever approach the $20 per drink ceiling, because once that ceiling is hit all of mankind will be doomed to sobriety until a comet does us in like one did the dinosaurs. Yikes.
3	The whole grill fish & Loma Larga wine is worth going there for.  Everything else was okay, including service.  Overall, the price was a bit high for what you get.
2	if you're a seafood restaurant and manage to botch up a raw seafood platter, something is very very wrong. half the food on ice just did not impress not to mention the ridiculous prices they charged for it. decor was gorgeous though, don't get me wrong...but if you're looking for fresh seafood go somewhere else. this place is a total rip off.
1	My husband and I were in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to have some oysters at AquaKnox before Valentine's Day dinner.  This was our second time dining at this restaurant.  The first time was okay but overpriced.  We ordered a dozen oysters at the bar.  The oysters came out quickly and my husband was about to eat the first when both of us noted something black squirming in the oyster.  Upon closer inspection it was a black worm about a centimeter long.  It was moving very quickly so we called over the bartender to show him.  He did see it and took the oyster and quickly threw it away and left the rest of the oysters.  We let him know that we did not want the rest of the oysters and he then took them away.  He left the bar area for a few minutes (probably to let someone know what happened).  Upon his return, no apology, just asked if we wanted something else.  We didn't.  It probably took us about 15 minutes to finish our drinks.  During that time no apology from anyone at the restaurant.  On our way out I asked to see the manager to let him know what happened and he smiled and said he already knew.  We let him know that we at least expected an apology and he said that the bartender should have apologized.  He went over to the bartender and said something to him.  The bartender got irate and said first to us "what do you want me to do, I didn't charge you for the oysters".  He then said to his manager that he apologized 3 times.  A complete fabrication.  Not sure if I'm eating raw oysters anymore, but what I can say is that we will never return to AquaKnox.
3	There is a lot of good fish served at Aquaknox.  I have eaten here probably 6-8 times (can't remember) and I've had many things.Two things:-The menu hasn't changed much in the past three years.-Even the specials are the same (surf (filet or strip) and turf)The food is really good here and the service is excellent.  But, really, there is one thing here that you have to get and get it no matter how many times you get it.  Sweet shrimp & crab salad!  Let me say it again....SWEET SHRIMP & CRAB SALAD!  I've asked the servers what their dressing is and I couldn't quite get it out of him.  Nonetheless I'm going to try to replicate.  Its a misture of sesame oil, olive oil and a blend of citrus fruits (lime, lemon??).  The prices aren't cheap.  That salad is 18 dollars.  Pretty high up there.  I've talked to others and some think they could charge 25-28 dollars for that salad and they would still buy it.  Most of the main courses are in the 30+ range.  Your bill can run up fast.  Enjoy, and just get the salad.  You can thank me later.
3	There is a lot of restaurants all over Vegas and I have seen this place tons of times and decided to give it a try.  The setting is nice, but the beer selection is so so.  I wanted a Stella or NewCastle and had to settle for a corona.  They have lunch specials, I had the Lobster Bisque, which was ok, I have had better.  The crab cakes on the other hand was really good.  It's worth a try, but don't think I'd try again.
4	Food was excellent!  Crab cakes, Seafood salad, lamb chops, dore and surf and turf, coffee.....even the complimentary dessert was great....We had tickets for the 9:30 Jersey Boys show so we were in a rush....they said they could take us, no problem....the only reason they don't have 5 stars is because we ended up stressing a bit of the food service....Most of the experience as good, food excellent...next time we'll go when we don't have somewhere else to go...I think it would be a great place for a nice relaxing dinner....delicious!
5	Amazing.The appetizers were great. The wine we ordered (with help from our waiter) was amazing and complimented our meals (surf and turf) extremely well. The steak was cooked perfectly. The desserts were amazing.The ambiance is nice, and when you first walk up it's really pretty having the wine bottles being cascaded by water.It's pricey, but extremely worth it.
4	I would have the say that the seafood here is pretty good.  I started with the Lump blue crab cakes which had a good taste plentiful mixture of crab and vegetable relish.For my salad I picked the butter lettuce which was prepared in a floral arrangement.  It was very soft compared to regular lettuce.The entree was Chef Maloney's Signature Fish Soup.  Served in a very tasty tomato-saffron broth which served as a good bread dipping sauce as well.  The lobster was very good and prepared perfectly.  It was not chewy at all.  It was not salty and did not have any fishy taste.  The shrimp was large and cooked very well.  The john dory was only okay swimming around in the tomato broth.  The mussels and clams were okay.
4	Best restaurant inside of The Venetian!!!The Crab cake appetizer was a good choice for the table. The Lobster tail stuffed with Baked Crab was AMAZING! One of the best seafood dishes I have had. Dessert was outstanding - Flourless Chocolate Cake with Mint Ice Cream on Top and a "shot glass" full of hot caramel sauce. If you want to impress a date or have an excellent meal this is the place in The Venetian.
4	Strange - thought i already wrote a review on this place - but dang , i can't find it !One of my freeloading meals - one of the few joys of the grind.I can now say i've eaten at every restaurant at the Venetian ( though i still haven't done reviews on a few of them  - for example, Valentino - no pics, no review ! ) The overall impression of AquaKnox - nice.  It ain't stunning/earth-shattering, but it's solid and if i was in the seafood mood and on the northern side of the Strip  and not looking/affording over the top ( as in Bartolotta ) - this is the place to hit.I tried the Lobster Bisque ( pic added ) And the whole , fresh fish of the day ( pic added ) - to be honest - i can't remember the name but i was told it had a similar taste/texture to sea bass ... and it did .  Kinda surprised that they didn't de-bone it at the table (  i think the prices justified such a service ) but it was fairly easy to separate the meat from the bones .Surprsingly, I didn't  have dessert - a usual pleasure  again, when it's on another person's expense account - so i have no opinion on the desserts.Again, overall, a decent place.
1	This is the first time I have been motivated by an experience to write a review. Pretty good food, overpriced for the quality and quantity. Service was the worst I have ever had. Group of 8. In an empty restaurant (should have been a clue) treated like an annoyance once we declined the waiter's suggestion $200 bottle of wine. Waiter made subtle comments about us splitting salads, and how normally people order full salads with dinner which is why our dinner was so delayed.  Once our waiter realized that we weren't going to have a $1,000 bill, it was the last we saw of him.  Just a few visits from the assistant waiter to refill water.  Upon leaving we were visited by our waiter one last time to get a small tray of sweets on the house since "none of you bothered to order dessert".  Very nice of him to say.  Anyway it was by far the worst experience I have had in a restaurant in Vegas.  I am there frequently for business and have eaten at many restaurants on and off the strip.  This was by far the worst dining experience I have ever had.
5	This is this perfect place to dine if you love Lobster. Crab cakes are very tasty. The blue lighting is calming. The service is impeccable along with everything else.. great place to take someone for a romantic dinner :o)
4	Ate here for the 4th time recently and had as good a meal as I can remember.  My wife had the crab stuffed lobster, highly recommend this dish.  I had the seafood soup, very, very, good.  Started with a dozen oysters which were obviously extremely fresh.  Sat at the bar as usual.  Good martinis.  I will dine here again.
4	The seafood here was really fresh. We had a boothe and the service was really well done.The surf and turf was exceptional except that I couldn't finish it as it was too much food. I'd tell you what I had for dessert, but I don't remember due to the excessive amounts of wine and port consumed.This place isnt cheap though!
5	I stopped into Aquaknox to have a drink and a bite to eat and ended up getting a little toasty drinking "Moscow Mules" which is a quite simple yet utterly delicious beverage prepared with Russian Standard Vodka, ginger beer, and fresh lime. After a few of those I indulged in the clams with garlic bread which was out of this world.   Service at the bar was superb and i was extremely happy with the whole deal.  Definitely going to come back for the full shibang one day.
5	What what only 3.5 stars for this place?!?! Blasphemy!!!This place was definitely one of the highlights of my weekend Vegas trip with the boyfriend.  Actually, it's one of the best fine dining experience that I've ever had!!! The food was absolutely AMAZING and the service was excellent !! Upon arriving at the restaurant, we were promptly seated at the booths, and I'm glad we were, because the area's really quite romantic. The decor is just beautiful and the whole vibe of the restaurant was just great. Lovee the blue drapes that were hanging down from above. After placing our order, the waitress brought out a vase of breadsticks, along with smoked salmon sauce. The smoked salmon was really, really delicious. After finishing the breadsticks I just  had to finish the rest of the salmon. yummy. We ordered the seafood plateau ($80), an appetizer  consisting of shrimp, raw clams, 6 raw oysters, oyster shooters, and lobster. ALL of the items were extremely fresh and delicious, especially the oysters, the clams, and the lobster. I also like the fact that the cocktail sauce had horseradish in it to give the overall thing an extra kick. Delicious. After the slowly enjoying each and every item on the plate, we were pretty happy and satisfied with the meal, but the best was yet to come!Next came the house salad ($11). It's a nice and simple dish that was arranged quite nicely on the plates.and was quite refreshing to have after the seafood appetizer.  As an entree, we had the surf and turf, which was split between the two of us. I was quite surprised at how much food they gave us. We each had our own little steak (4 oz or a maybe little more?) and lobster (bf got the tail and I the claws). I must say... the steak's probably the second best I've ever had [after the bf's. but his steak can't be beat ;) Tender AND flavorful!!!  ] . The meat was nicely seasoned and just melted in our mouths. The lobster was equally amazing, if not better than the steak ! I thought that it was nice that they brought out a nice little contraption that kept the butter warm for us. But yes. The food was just sooo good...  and I was sooo happy when I was eating the entree haha. (We also ordered champagne, so that probably contributed to my overly happy state at the time as well. Oh, wine bottles are half off on Sunday! )After the meal, we were pretty darn satisfied, so we didn't order dessert. They brought us some little butter cookies, and I thought that was a nice gesture from them. The food's definitely not wallet friendly (total came out to 250, exc tax), but it's definitely something you need to try at least once when you're in Vegas. I will be back !!!! hopefully. After I do some gambling and make more moneys =)Pictures uploaded!
5	One of the best fine dining experiences I've had, Aquaknox is heaven for a pescaterean such as myself, the scallops melted in your mouth, the shrimp were perfectly cooked and tender. Even the garnishes and cous cous was the best I'd ever had. The smoked salmon puree (given at the start of each meal) was amazing!  I found myself forking for leftover puree once the breadsticks were out. The atmosphere was ethereal, like an abstract and elegant "under the sea" experience. Incredibly romantic, its definitely a place to share with someone special. The booths are a must if you're with your significant other, very private with beautiful blue drapes. Although the atmosphere is elegant and implies the appropriate dress code, I'd love to come there with my comfiest, stretchiest sweatpants and try everything on the menu!
4	This would have to be one of the Nicest, and more expensive, places to eat around Las Vegas... Well worth it though when you're up from gambling, Great service and Relaxing Enviornment, plus Delicious and Filling dishes... My $46 NY Strip & Potatoes was the best, and was even too big to finish... Great Seafood too, so says the other people in my party...
4	Fantastic restaurant, great decor, hip, fresh look and ambiance. Service was exceptional, good wine selection, and the meal was top notch. Crab leg appetizers, main meal was a perfectly prepared Halibut, and the cheesecake was a great finish.Great place for a dinner!
4	I love this bar/restaurant.  It has a supercool aqua motif, and I love the bartender here--she is my favorite!  This place has a great raw bar.  I love the oysters here, and the atomic sized prawns  I had a spicy seafood pasta with arrabiata sauce.  It was truly wonderful, spicy, but not overhwhelming.  I cannot wait to go back and visit my favorite bartender!
4	Went on a Thursday night at 7:30PM and it was almost empty. Food was delicious. I had seared tuna and two friends had lobster and surf/turf. All enjoyed it. Excellent service. Bottom line, meal was good, but very overpriced.
3	Atmospehere was good, service was fine food wad good but over priced and I have had way better for less... Not a repeat
4	Very chic.  Very cool.  Very good.All of the seafood is fresh.  You can't go wrong with any of the appetizers.  The house smoked fish is to die for.  Multiple types of fish are smoked and presented with a matching cream sauce and toast points.If they have the jumbo stone crab, order it.  The claw is as big as a man's hand.  Yeah its $70 but splurge.  The fish soup is the signature dish of the restaurant.  Amazing how everything is perfectly cooked.The wine list is OK but surprisingly, seafood this fresh, prepared this simply pairs better with a good gin martini.The lounge can get crowded and very noisy during show times and major conventions.  The restaurant is located across the Blue Man Group Theatre.An excellent place for a quick bite if you intend to do a progressive dining experience at the Venetian.Recommended.
4	Girlfriends weekend out with a small group.  We often stop at AquaKnox for drinks and apps, but this time had full dinner, and it was great.The wine service was helpful, we quizzed her about what would go well with our dining options (and of course everyone ordered something different, ranging from Ribeye to Halibut), we ended up with a really nice Pinot from Oregon.Girlfriend had the seared scallops, and they were perfect.  I had the halibut and it was also cooked to perfection.  Our meat eating friend got the special of the night, I think it was lamb shank.  Too big for her (she is tiny) but she enjoyed what she did consume.  Another friend got the Ahi, and the chef really shows creativity with that dish.  For the table we ordered the pomme frietes and veggies, shared and loved by all.On a previous occasion we went with another couple, who both ordered the lobster (crab stuffed) and it was a very generous portion, suitable for sharing.Highly recommend, especially if you have a show nearby (we didn't but we love the Palazzo and the Venetian and "restaurant row" between them).
4	My friend and I walked into Aquaknox for our last meal before leaving Vegas. It was my favorite meal of the trip.  I go to Vegas pretty often, and I do my best to try different restaurants in the city. Since there are many, many restaurants in Vegas to try, I would have to love the place to go back again.  This is a place I would definitely try again. The service was great as well.My friend dropped a little cocktail sauce on her white shirt and was trying to wipe it off with a napkin when the waiter immediately appeared and dropped off some soda water. They were so quick and attentive, it was very impressive.We tried a bunch of appetizers and the seafood plateau. Let me tell you, that seafood plateau thing is to die for. It has clams, mussels, oysters, prawns, ceviche, lobster, crab, and ponzu oyster shooters (the yummiest oyster shooters I've ever tried). If you love seafood, you HAVE to try this. I can't even remember what other appetizers I ordered because they were good, but paled in comparison.
5	Great seafood restaurants are a rarity here in the desert, but I feel like at Aquaknox I've found a gem! The atmosphere is very elegant, with a bit of a nautical twist. Each table adorned in white linen, and garnished with blue goblets & wine glasses. My boyfriend & I were celebrating an anniversary that evening, so we were ideally seated in a booth that was intimate, as well as comfortable. Service, unquestionably superior. I would expect nothing less from a restaurant of such high stature. Allen, our server- was very accommodating. He executed very wonderful suggestions, that MADE our experience. To start out, we got a vase full of long crispy bread sticks & a house smoked salmon dip. Let me tell you that if it weren't socially unacceptable...I would have licked the dish that the salmon dip came in, no problem. Needless to say, it was excellent, & I crave it daily. Next up to bat- Crab Cake & Lobster Bisque. Being a previous resident of New England & a connoisseur of food- I feel like a have a very firm palate when it comes to a few things, crab cakes & lobster bisque included. The Crab Cake was incredible, beautifully seasoned & served over a citrus flavored bed of corn relish. As for the Lobster Bisque, it wasn't too creamy- just perfect. It was really comforting & nostalgic to have some good New England food, without the 5 hour long flight. Seafood Plateau- Overwhelmingly fresh, standard assortment (oysters, oyster shooters, clams, mussels, lobster, crab claws, prawns). The ponzu oyster shooters...to die for! I was also a big fan of the champagne vinegar sauce that came with the oysters. Also, probably the biggest prawns I have ever seen. Very impressive! John Dory was my main course. Excellent suggestion from our server, Allen! Unlike any other fish I have ever had. It was sauteed on one side only, giving it an ambidextrous texture. I loved the crunch from the sauteed side, but the soft side exposed its sweetness, & also gave it a buttery finish. John Dory definitely tasted like fish, which was admirable to say the least. A lot of times, when seafood is over prepared, it loses that oceanic taste. Frankly, I would like my fish to taste like fish. The lobster succotash & sweet corn broth that it was served over was also delightful. It did a great job of complimenting the fish, without overshadowing it, with its bold flavors. Now, at this point- being a girl of 5'4"/95 lbs, I'm surprised that I wasn't already stuffed & in a food coma. But, there really is always room for dessert. Apple Tarte Tatin- sweet savory apple chunks, covered in caramel served beside a salted caramel ice cream. I thought the salted caramel ice cream to be very inventive & appropriate!!! Creme Brulee- my one true dessert staple. I enjoyed the vanilla beans that were tucked under the custard, it made for a very yummy last bite. Aquaknox was a great success! I look forward to making this our new go-to venue for seafood. The food exceeded my expectations, & the service was right on point.
2	Flies...And honestly, there are too many other restaurants in Vegas to waste a nice dinner here..My date and the amuse bouche were the best things there.
4	I know they are known to be a great seafood restaurant, but I ordered their duck dish which was surprisingly good.  I also tried my friend's scallop and it was perfectly cooked as well.  Definitely worth going back.
2	This review is for the New Years Eve Prix Fixe dinner. For 150, you expect the meal to be special or at least memorable, this was neither. There were only four courses, two of which were barely warm.  The crabcake was very fresh, but lacked the big chunks of crab that you should see at a nice seafood restaurant. It would have been better if it was hot. The truffled kabocha pumpkin gnocci was the only dish that impressed me. Again, not hot enough. For the entree, I expected to see lobster or crab as one of the options, after all it was New Years Eve in Vegas! Not so, I ended up eating chicken coq au vin, which was moist but I wanted something more gourmet than chicken. Beef was an option but I don't eat it. The dessert would have been good but it contained peanut butter, which I despise. A lot of people have peanut allergies, so I can't believe this was the only option they had. And they never even announced that it had peanut butter, they should have noted it on the menu. My gf did the wine pairing, she did not like most of the wines. I would never come here for a holiday prix fixe ever again. The service was friendly, but a little slow considering the place wasn't exactly packed. They took forever to bring the bill and process it.
5	Absolutely the BEST seafood in Las Vegas!  The waitstaff was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and wine list. The waiter recommended a riesling which was particulary exceptional paired with the Shrimp and Crab Salad I ordered. The seafood combined with the avacado and cantaloupe was fresh and so enjoyable.  I ordered the Grilled Jumbo Prawns with Isreali cous cous.  Soooo good, I have to tell you that this is the most delicious meal I have ever eaten and should definetily be ordered. I have friends comming to town next week and cant wait to take them to AquaKnox!!
5	Phenomenal!!!I cannot believe what a wonderful experience we had at AquaKnocks.  Our server Luke was extremely knowledgeable and attentive and we knew we in for a treat the moment we tasted the lobster bisque.  The next course was the shrimp and crab salad followed by the scallops entree.  Our entire meal was incredible. This is the best seafood I have had in Vegas.Two thumbs up.!!!
5	Everything here was great. My scallops were cooked to perfection the pasta and veggies were a perfect accent. I don't eat oysters, but my date insisted that I share a dozen with him so I agreed and a few days later I find myself craving them. Needless to say, the oysters were very fresh and delicious. Service was quick and attentive. I have nothing bad to say about this place, except that we walked around in circles until we found it. No one at the Venetian or Palazzo gave very good directions, or maybe we were just too tipsy?
4	I can't resist good seafood. No matter the price. I have to give 5 stars for the ambience in this place. I just like the cool vibe and layout of the restaurant. The food gets a 3 1/2. Not the best seafood I've ever had, but still pretty good, despite the high pricetag.Our service was good and I really enjoyed the bread. I'm a sucker for carbs. If you get that right, I'm halfway to being sold on your restaurant.Definitely interested giving this place another try.
3	Aquaknox is pure Vegas: overpriced, snooty, and delicious - although be prepared to hit In-N-Out on your drive home since you'll probably max out your Amex long before you're full. The ambiance is amazing and the cucumber martinis are divine but service is lacking. We had a reservation but were made to wait an additional 20 minutes and once seated it seemed to take nothing short of clucking like a chicken topless on the table top to get our server's attention. No doubt he was busy sucking up to the clientele who could do more for his financial and social aspirations than a table of twenty-something tourists out celebrating a birthday. The seafood app trio was rich and decadent, the lobster bisque had no equal. My constituents exclaimed over the fresh oysters and fish entrees but when we looked around for another round of martinis our waiter was alas, nowhere to be seen. Again. All in all the food was a taste revelation but the next time I'm staying at The Palazzo I'd probably skip Aquaknox and meander over to Cut or Delmonico.
4	We splurged on a nice meal last night and found ourselves being seated in a nice, cozy booth at Aquaknox in the Venetian. The atmosphere was very romantic and it was great being seated in a "secluded" booth. If you are dining with 2 and want a romantic table please ask for a booth. (see photo's on my profile)The service was over the top! At least 5 different people assisted us. They made the whole dining experience fantastic. For starters we had the shrimp cocktail - Yummy large shrimp but hold on for the hottest, tastiest cocktail sauce around. The Seafood Trio - Nice flavors. Plus my wife had the lobster bisque - She loved it. The service was quick and attentive. For the main meal, I had the crab and shrimp linguine in a spicy red sauce. It was very good and loaded with crab and shrimp. My wife had the halibut special over lobster succotash. She loved it and I had a bite. It was the best halibut ever! For dessert we had the apple pie and creme brulee, both were good. We had 3 different glasses of wine with dinner. My only objection to this place is the over priced wine list (by the bottle) and the high prices of the entree's.
4	i've eaten here a few times but never remember to review it... it's good, nothing like blow your mind good, but good.lobster bisque nice and creamy i think it is a tad undersalted tho. mixed green salad with champagne vinaigrette. nice and light.  mmmm.. yumgrilled brie and tomato sandwich yummy however paired with the fries it gets a little too greasy of a mealsteak and lobster also a yum.seafood tower thingy sooo tasty. the food is fresh
1	Wow!  Don't criticize management too much in your review or they will have your review removed.  Great seafood.  Atrocious service.  Was 3 star review, but is now 1 star for censorship.
5	I was at a conference at the Venetian all week.  For dinner, one of our vendors took 10 of us to Aquaknox for dinner.  We started off with a couple bottles of pinot and cab and got a spectacular appetizer containing lobster, crab, oysters, prawns, and ceviche.  I'm not a huge shellfish eater, but it all tasted wonderful.  Next was the main course and since the vendor was paying, most of us got the surf and turf which was a mouth watering filet and a lobster tail stuffed with some crab as well.  Everything was top notch and our server was excellent as well.  Unfortunately due to too much wine, I do't recall his name.
5	Food is always great.  Whether you want a steak, seafood, or in between.  Great atmosphere...BEST ever Blue Martini cocktail.  Their best server no longer works there.  "Jamil" if you're out there...contact us at NC.  Been a few years and just wanted to give a shout out.  Hope you still have our ghetto blue shirts.
4	All I can say is yum.  The surf and turf was the special which was offered.  The dish included filet mignon which was tender and the lobster which was also pretty good.  Not much else to the dish, but it didn't need much.  We also had an order of the seafood appetizer dish:ceviche was greatoysters were goodclams were toughcrab claws were okayshrimp was good
4	A hopping place (like there is a different type of restaurant in Vegas), the atmosphere was electric, loved the decor and booths that created a nice buffer for the hustle and bustle on restaurant row. Wine list is very extensive with some amazing wines - we had a lovely Chardonnay. I expanded my horizons and split the beet and watermelon salad - lovely if you are a fan of both of those. Surf and turf was next on our list - the right choice - our waiter made sure each of our steaks were to our liking (medium rare and medium). Lobster was cut perfectly to ensure you could get all of the meat out. Came with standard sides - mashed potatoes and asparagus. The service was fantastic - had two waiters who were very attentive. In typical fashion the manager popped by to say hi and check on our experience. Would recommend this to anyone in Vegas looking for great seafood!
3	We had raw shellfish for lunch - the platter to be exact. I was disappointed in the staff knowledge of what was on the plate/remembering to bring the amenities, and what was on the plate was good but not great.  I'm not sure the food is up to the plan they have. Would be interested to try for dinner.
4	Went here on a Saturday night around 8:30 for dinner with my boyfriend.  We had reservations but if we hadn't, I'm sure we would have been seated on this particular night since it was not crowded.I agree with another reviewer who said the decor reminded them of South Beach.  I thought the same thing walking in with all the blues and whites. Very pretty and chic.I was feeling kind of sick and can only vouch for the EXCELLENT lobster bisque and jumbo lump crab cocktail that I had. My boyfriend, on the other hand, had the Surf and Turf "special" which he said was very good...but much like any other steak and lobster he's had in other upscale restaurants. I guess the only thing special about it was the $85 price tag. Still 4-stars to AquaKnox because we enjoyed everything AND the service was top-notch.Another plus: I wasn't drinking and one of the waiters asked me why not...I told him I wasn't feeling so great and  in 2 seconds, he brought me a pretty blue drink.  I don't like colorful (translated, sweet) drinks but tried to drink a little. I didn't like it and tried to just let it sit there but the waiter said he would make it less sweet and brought it back.  He was trying so hard to make it better. I ended up just apologizing that I didn't drink it.  However, I thought it was a sweet gesture that he didn't have to do.
3	We stopped into Aquaknox to get a couple pre-dinner drinks with a large group of 13 people. While I thought the cocktail selection here was unique, I thought it was a bit overpriced and not very good. My chief complaint was with the Shingoku oysters we ordered. of the 6 we had 1/2 of them has grit in them. Biting on sand ruins anything.The service was the only highlight, considering it was only one girl taking care of the bar area, and she managed to take care of our large group without mistakes.
4	Beautiful restaurant, wonderful waitstaff and great food. I came here for a corporate dinner with over 35 people and everyone did such an awesome job accommodating everyone. My wine glass was never even close to empty the entire night! The prawns were out of this world, the seaweed salad was the freshest I've ever had and the tuna was cooked to perfection. I know the place is a little pricey but it's worth every dime.
2	Disappointing.  I ordered the smoked fish as an appetizer.  The trout was tough and chewy, the cod was bland and tasteless, and I've had better smoked salmon out of the package from Costco.  Our waiter encouraged me to order the New Zealand Blue Nose Bass because they "had just gotten it in," but it was overcooked and had no flavor whatsoever.  The pureed potatoes that accompanied it were equally unexciting.  My boyfriend had the surf and turf, and while the lobster was good, he said he's had better elsewhere and everything else was forgettable.  The service was fine.  The best part was an amuse bouche made of salmon and cream (and dill?), served with breadsticks.  I was looking forward to eating here based on the reviews, and I really, really wanted to like it,  but it was easily one of the most disappointing meals I've ever had in Las Vegas.
2	I was very disappointed in the service in particular.  I was there with a group of about 12.  We arrived when there was no one in the restaurant, and our meal took almost 4 hours.  The service left a lot to be desired, and the food was just OK.  I expected much more for the price.  I would not recommend.
3	I want to give this 3 1/2 stars. I really think this is a typical seafood restaraunt. I had a halibut dish and it was average. It didn't explode in my mouth, so I can't really rate this place high.Their service was great though. We had a birthday dinner for a friend and she was surprised with a nice big dessert that all of us shared. The thing I like about this place is it is quiet even though its in the middle of the walkway between Venetian and Palazzo.Good Friends always can make up for good food. Good conversation can always make good friends, best friends!
4	I loved that salmon dip they brought us. MMMM.... my meal was soooo very tasty. I love scallops. They were so delicious. Mmmm mmm mmm. OH the place looked pretty cool too, nice aqua decorations. Our waiter was really nice. MMmmmmm
4	Went here for my birthday dinner.  The seafood is excellent.  I ordered scallops and they were cooked to perfection, nice and buttery, melt in your mouth.  My friend ordered the whole fish and it looked amazing.  She said it tasted really good and well cooked.  For appetizers we ordered a dozen oysters and they were amazing.  I love oysters.  It came with 3 different types of oysters so we all had 3 each.  We didn't order any dessert but they gave me the flourless chocolate cake as it was my birthday.  It was pretty good but not amazing.  I prefer souffles myself.  The latte I ordered was tasty and it came with a biscotti on the side.  All in all we had a pretty good experience.  If you like seafood then this is the place to come as the seafood is very fresh and they know how to cook it.
5	Best seafood that I've ever had in Las Vegas & probably on of the best seafood places that I've ever eaten in my life. The service was seamless & just flowed very nicely. Everyone was very cordial & polite, as well as hilarious & earthy. Our server kept us entertained the entire evening. The food was impeccable! First they start you out with a salmon pate type thing & breadsticks. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Then we ordered a lobster bisque, which very silky & flavorful- THE GREATEST LOBSTER BISQUE EVER! After that we had a seafood platter of oysters on the half shell, prawns, lobster, ceviche & shooters- really a great deal for $80, serving 2 people. Our main courses were so delicious, we had to conquer them- despite how full we were from the previous courses. I got the John Dory which was server recommended & I am so happy I listened. Very versatile piece of fish; crunchy, savory, sweet. It was served over a lobster succatash, who doesn't like their food being served over lobster?! Last, but certainly not least- DESSERT! We got the Apple Tarte Tatin- caramelly apples with salted caramel ice cream, count me in!I would give AquaKnox 10 stars if I could- everything was so wonderful & so was everyone. My girlfriend & I can't wait to go back & try everything on the menu.
5	All I have to say is try the oyster shooters and John Dory.  One of my favorite places to dine in Vegas.  Service is always great.  Food is better.
5	This restaurant is amazing!  I was suprised  at the first-class service we received with a full house.  The seafood here is as good as it gets! The waiter encouraged me to order the John Dory, which I had never tasted before. It was phenomenal.  A very nicely preparered firm piece of fish with a delicate flavor.  Hats off to the Chef for not overpowering it with a sauce.  The waiter also recommended a perfect wine. The wine list here is amazing. I was so impressed with everything that I just had to write a review.
4	I had dinner here and had a pretty good time! To start, instead of bread, they bring you these long crackers and a smoked salmon cream cheese dip, which was a really nice way to start the dinner. For appetizers we had a roasted beet, watermelon and blue cheese salad, as well as the smoked fish plate. The salad was really awesome. They key was getting a bit of everything on the fork and opening wide: super delicious. The smoked fish plate was alright, though not as good as the salad, and I ended up being more into the pickled veggies that came with the appetizer than the fish itself.For entrees, we had the halibut and scallops. The fish was standard good, but the best part of the halibut dish was the marscopone mashed potatoes and tomatoes it came with. Really tasty. Was licking the plate with my fork. The scallops were also pretty good, seared on the outside and buttery on the inside though maybe a tad salty. Once again though, the sauce and accompaniments that came with the scallops were also quite good. We also got a side dish of vegetables, which I highly highly recommend, not just because the veggies taste good, but because you might want to actually eat something.We got two desserts. The olive oil semolina cake with blue berry compote and orange basil sorbet just wasnt that good: the cake part got totally lost amid the strong flavors of the blueberry and sorbet. I guess its going for something subtle and interesting, but it didnt work. However, the flourless chocolate cake, a warm chocolaty concoction with a cup of caramel was super delicious. Definitely on the sweet side, but it had enough real chocolate and caramel flavor to balance the sweetness. Plus if you dont feel self conscious you can just drink the caramel from the little cup it comes in. Yum yum yum.The service here is great, very attentive. The decor is also really nice, with some comfortable little booth seats.  Overall, I think we spent about 1.5-2 hours here, and had a good time. My only complaint about this place is that the amount of food you get is really really little. Even when it comes to the cheaper sides, like potatoes and tomatoes and veggies. I know Vegas is all about screwing you out of your money, but I feel here it was just too obvious. For example, the "tomatoes" that came with my halibut were 2 or 3 small cherry tomatoes. I would have also appreciated more of the potatoes. And of course the actually piece of halibut was pretty small. So yeah, it's pretty obvious they are holding back on the food to get you to order more. Even the lack of real bread speaks to that. Finally, the prices of course have the 20-30% "vegas strip surcharge", but I chose to ignore that in this review.
5	Loved it. Great food, must try the seafood platter on ice, seriously good. Had the grilled Bronzino, yum. The wait staff was excellent. Great place, good food.
3	What we ate:Lobster BisqueSeafood ApetizerWild HalibutSeared Ahi TunaWhole FishSurf 'n' Turf (blue crab stuffed lobster and filet mignon)3 bottles of wineSo the food here is pretty good, expect to spend a good 2hrs eating because its one of those fancy ambiance restaurants. Well because of the obvious name we had to order seafood. The seafood appetizer was pretty good. Filled with 4 different clams, oyster shooters, ceviche, jumbo shrimp cocktails, crab claws, lobster....Um you could probably stop here b/c by the end of this I was pretty stuffed. We then had lobster bisque which was SOOOO FRIGGING good. Decadently creamy (mmmmm BUTTTER, FAT, LARD, whatever it was so rich) So tasty with small chunks of lobsters - FAVORITE!I only tried two of the dishes ordered: Surf 'n' Turf and Wild Halibut. The halibut was good but not out of this world. At this point I was really stuffed so stomach realestate was becoming scarce and more selective. The surf 'n' turf was too salty (crab stuffed lobster) the filet was good but not the best I'd ever had.Overall, come eat the seafood appetizer and lobster bisque drink some wine...you'll be stuffed. You can skip the entrees.
5	This place deserves all five stars!  I'd call it a fresh water experience.  Wear your nice clothes here because this place deserves it!    They'll start with an Amuse bouche, then tasty bread sticks with salmon mousse - fabulous flavor.   Seafood appetizer (shrimp/crab/lobster) delicious! Calamari salad - friscee with a light panko calamari and dressing that was like a cake topper!Chicken - I know at a place that does fish right -  but they know their chicken.  Hands down one of the best chicken dishes.  Crispy outside and juicy inside sitting on an artichoke/potato mash and a lemon butter sauce that I'm still dreaming about.Scallops - cooked perfectly!Salmon with the bacon, chard and chive sauce you will not be disappointed.Roasted asparagus was a nice touch.  Chocolate cake perfect ending -- except then they brought us carrot cake.  Frosting tasted like butter, only better.   Service was exceptional.Located in the Venetian Hotel.  A calming atmosphere and a place where you can actually talk and listen without over powering music.   If you have a party of 6 or under, try to reserve the circular wine room.  A good time to be had by all!
4	I went there for lunch during a trade show.  I was in the mood for something different and happened upon Aquaknox.I had the tuna over lentils.  Since the ahi was sushi grade they prepared it with just a bit of the seasonings over cooked lentils and a vinaigrette sauce.  AMAZING.  It was a little spendy for a quick bite, but totally worth it. The service was fantastic, the only thing I was disappointed about was them not having any desserts for the afternoon.  They only carry desserts for the evening and they are made that day.  Great for dinner patrons, not so good for those of us durning lunch.
5	My bf and I came here for dinner one night in Vegas. We ordered the Seafood Plateau and Maine lobster bisque to start with. The Seafood plateau was large enough for 4 but its recommended for 2. We were on the full side when we had finished the entire platter. For our entrees, I ordered the crab stuffed lobster. My bf ordered the filet mignon and grilled whole fish(this was for the both of us to share). The server had asked us prior to deboning the fish if we would like him to bring the fish back after deboning or if we wouldn't mind him doing it in front of us. I told him to just have at it at at table side. I wanted to watch how it was done. The seafood was very fresh and light. I loved the combo of the crab stuffed lobster. It was very flavorful. No need for drawn butter. The steak was cooked to my bf's specifications. The fish was delightful. It was citrisy and perfectly seasoned. You would expect good service since you're paying a good amount for dinner and it didn't disappoint. This is why I love to pay a little extra for food just to get wonderful service. :)
4	A year and a dozen additional visits to AquaKnox.  I've found the restaurants niche.AquaKnox is one of the best places to chill, have a drink or two and a lite dinner or pre-dinner snack for the progressive dining crawl.Sure, the mains are excellent.  The fish is always perfectly cooked and accompanied by sauces or sides that accentuates the natural flavor of the fish.  Simplicity at its best but (and I can't believe I'm going to say this), the food does NOT match the ambiance of the restaurant.The decor is modern and chic.  There is a lot of energy and noise from people waiting for the Blue Man Group theater to open, leaving the convention center, or simply walking between the Venetian and the Palazzo.  All together, it is not conducive to sitting for two hours enjoying a meal.So, focusing on the starters; the in house smoked selection fish is hard to beat.  It usually includes generous slices of trout, salmon, and outstanding sturgeon that rivals that of Petrossian (with an upturned nose; the gold standard that I measure all smoked fish against) .  A touch of creme fraiche and a toast point.  Hard to beat simplicity.The raw / chilled bar does not offer a huge selection but what they have is very fresh.  The Jonah crab claws or jumbo stone crab claws (when they are in season) are outstanding.Grab a seat at the bar or the lounge.  Enjoy the energy.  Enjoy the food.  Enjoy the drinks.Recommended
3	Ambiance sucks!  Why these large resorts imsist on playing the same music, too loud, regardless of venue is cheap and tawdry.  No bread, just sticks, is a missed opportunity. Superb service, very good food.
5	Have eaten here several times and the food is always great.  get the blue cheese salad(if you like blue cheese)  Something to eat for everyone
5	It was just a random choice since we were staying at the Palazzo already, but it turned out to be a fantastic experience at the Aquaknox.The greeting staff was very polite and nice, brought us to our table and quickly got a high chair for our 1 year old.  We were initially skeptical about it because it's a "quiet" restaurant, but they were actually very welcoming and accommodated us just fine.Our server Jesse came, and he's easily one of the best servers we have seen.  He's very nice, humorous, and most importantly clear in explaining the menu.  Another thing we love about him was that he always checked on us at the right time, not so often that it became annoying, but at the same time whenever we needed something, he was right there.We ordered the smoked fish trio appetizer, it was very light and fresh.  It was a very fun dish and we enjoyed it a lot.  We also ordered a lobster bisque, and Jesse was great in splitting the soup for us.  We often find lobster bisque from other restaurants on the salty / strong side, but to our surprise Aquaknox got it perfect.  A lot of lobster flavor, silky smooth, and very very creamy.  We loved it.Also worth it to mention about the bread sticks wit that smoky salmon butter.  It's so good and specially, very different from the breads that we have tasted in other restaurants.My wife ordered the red snapper, it was very moist and light.  With all the vege on top, mashed potato at the bottom, and also the lightly citrus sauce, it was a great combination.I ordered the crab meat stuffed lobster, and it's simply awesome.  The portion was no joke at all, the claws were bigger than my hand!!!!!!!  I have had a lot of lobster in my life, but these were done spot on.  It's very tender, but you still get the lobster texture.  My wife is not a big lobster lover but she was truly amazed at the few bites she tried.  It's very moist with that citrus and smoky flavor.  The stuffing was also heavenly.  Basically the whole dish was nothing short of WOW.We also ordered a side dish of sauteed spinach, it's very fresh and also done very well.The overall experience was a total A+, we were so surprised.  Of course, price is definitely on the high side, but for the quality of the food and also the kind of services we received, I think it was well worth the money.And I am sure my 1 year old daughter would agree too.  She tasted every single dish that evening and she ate A LOT.  Yup, talk about one expensive dinner for a kid!!!
5	This is the place for fresh seafood in Las Vegas. The executive Chef , Tom Moloney flies something interesting in fresh daily. The tag "Global Water Cuisine" in their title says a lot. Try the John Dory, one of my all time favorite seafood dishes.
5	We definitely wanted seafood while we were in Vegas. The Venetian's Aqua Knox had some pretty good reviews. However, I had some pangs of hesitation when I saw pictures of the restaurant online. It looked sort of cold to me and I wondered how our meal would be, given that environment. But we made our reservations and were so, SO surprised at how nice the restaurant was once we got there. I don't think the pictures do it any justice. It was lovely and we were so happy we decided to try it anyway!The service was most excellent! Friendly, informative, attentive and timely. We could not have asked for better. And, the food! We loved it! Interesting choices, wonderful flavour, creative presentations... so, SO good! We would go back there in a heartbeat. We loved it!
5	I've been here a few times and was happy to find myself seated in Luke's section.  He talked us into caviar.  I have never had caviar but this was amazing! I also strongly suggest the mussels in wine sauce. You will be tempted to pick up the bucket and drink the sauce.  If you love FRESH seafood and know your wines, you gotta try it!  Undecided, ask the waitstaff. I would never have tried the caviar on my own.
5	The food was absolutely delicious and the service was great and hilarious. I came here with a party of 12 or so. I recommend the seafood platter app and the lobster. We noticed that every time someone would get up, the waiters would replace their napkin and fold it up all fancy. It got to the point where, just to be obnoxious, we would get up and down and up and down. I think we had almost as many waiters as people in our party.
5	We were happy with dinner here. For the price point here we found this to be the best value of other options in this range. Staff was helpful and not over pushy, upselling was not to the extent we have found at other places.Seafood soup was awsome. very nice dining experence here
3	This is one where you really want to like the place as the service was super and the atmosphere was nice... but the food.. was a 2 - meh, I've had better...  overall 3-stars because the service was 5-star but we came for the food... I just don't have the energy to go into more about this place - cuz well... meh...
4	This place is really good... had the steak and lobster tail and it was bomb.  Ive had better and for a better price which is why i give it 4 stars  but def would come back again.
4	I can't complain about the food.  Everything was great! They have the best Lobster bisque I have ever tried. I like the dressing of the crab claws.  The stuffing of the surf and turf was amazing!  I could ask for more with the food quality.  However, customer service was disappointing and unorganized... it took us 15 min. To get a menu and we would always have to tell the waiter twice to get what we need.
5	You know the saying, "Reach for the stars!" or "Shoot over the moon!" Well, this restaurant has definitely shot farther than the stars and moon!I had the most fabulous and relaxing experience. I said experience. It wasn't just how flavorful and fresh the seafood was. I'm from Hawaii and we have the one of the best seafood dishes here, however this restaurant (and awesome chef) truly created a beautiful and orgasimic-euphoric dish. PROS:1. Surf and turf. The stuffed lobster was perfect! I rarely eat steak because it doesn't taste appealing. BUT this was so amazing and I understood why people love steak! Haha. 2. The seafood stew-cipionnio was the best ever broth. The seafood was bountiful and tender. I ordered it without the couscous. 3. Most of all, the server was personable, but professional. He was so accommodating and respected our space as we took our time, laughed, and enjoyed the whole experience. The waters were always filled. The wait staff was smiling, friendly, and very attentive. 4. Make a reservation for around 5:30pm. Why? Most kitchens are ready and eager to start cooking. Anytime after 6:30pm, usually kitchens are slammed. The noise level was quiet and we weren't rushed. You will enJOY your experience! I'm definitely coming back here when I visit Vegas!
5	Dined at Aquaknox recently and give it 5 Stars!! Excellent Service, Delicious Food, Modern & Chic Ambience.....I loved it here!My girlfriends and I started the evening with a cocktail from the bar: A Blue Martini (forgot the name). Delicious but sweet, so we switched to wine during dinner. The restaurant wasn't busy so it wasn't loud. I loved the interior. Very modern and warm. We picked a booth and it was perfect for three of us.....intimate and good for catching up on things. Anyway, Thank You fellow Yelpers for recommending the Maine Lobster Bisque! I loved it and savored every bite. The best lobster bisque I've ever eaten. A little rich but flavored perfectly, and topped with little clumps of lobster. Perfect! I also had the Sweet Shrimp and Lump Crab Salad and it was excellent as well. I'm not a big eater, so those two appetizer-sized dishes were a perfect dinner for me. Another must-have: Crab Stuffed Whole Maine Lobster! My friend ordered it and we helped her finish it. It's massive....The whole lobster comes out on a huge plate and you just stare at it! The lobster was so tasty that it didn't even need butter. Sorry no dessert recommendations. Too full!I must commend the staff at Aquaknox for their excellent service! The hostess who greeted us, the bartender who served our drinks at the bar, and of course our wait staff were all so welcoming and polite. Special thanks to our waiters, who were very attentive, open for suggestions/recommendations, accommodating, and skilled at their job. I noticed they even held out a white cloth to prevent splashing while pouring our waters! Thank You for making our visit to Aquaknox such an enjoyable experience! I will be back soon....
3	If you're walking in for just drinks you should know that they're good but really overpriced! Especially the water ($7.5 for a bottle!)The service was ok, although it took the waiter a long time to bring us the check.
4	Came to this swanky place to get a drink before heading off to the club. Also, used that as an excuse to use the finely decorated bathroom. Sometimes my bladder makes the drinking decisions for me. Ordered a rasberry vodka thingy at the bar and, yes, it was pretty good.  Don't take my word for it though. I lost the ability to taste vodka a few months back.The bartender was friendly and managed to have all the answers to whatever questions we had. As in, "hey, you're closing, you know any restaurants in the Venetian that serve seafood that are open? C'mon, man. We need a lobster fix."
4	I ate at Aquaknox last Saturdy for the first time.  I really liked the food.   We had the  Restaurant Week menu, and they didn't skimp even with the reduced price point.  My only complaint involves a policy they appear to subscribe to.  We arrived 20 minutes early for a 6 pm reservation.  The restaurant was nearly empty, and they refused to seat us until exactly 6.  They suggested we wait in the lounge, and of course order cocktails.  We would have ordered cocktails anyway, even if they had seated us right away, but I don't like to be manipulated.
5	Absolutely delightful flavors and service.  We made reservations for a party of 6 during the last evening of Restaurant week.  Upon arrival we were warmly greeted and shown to our own private dining room with a single table for 6.  Immediately, they asked us if the music volume was ok and promptly lowered the volume to accommodate our enthusiastic conversations.  The inner decor was marine life focused with a tranquil and peaceful spa-like vibe, which greatly entertained our party, as one of the ladies is an avid diver.  The first course consisted of a choice of the following delights: 1) Lobster Bisque with Maine Lobster, Caviar, Creme Fraiche 2) Crab Cakes with Marinated Vegetable Relish, Citrus Aioli, Petite Mache 3) Halloumi & Watermelon with Shishito Peppers, Basalmic Vinegar 4) Romaine Hearts & Treviso Pt. Reyes Blue Cheese CaesarI opted for the crab cakes, which were excellent!  The citrus aioli totally made the dish.  I tasted the lobster bisque, which was also delish with delicate, but oh so rich creme fraiche.  The real winner of course #1 took me by surprise; the halloumi & watermelon salad.  Boyfriend ordered it because he is allergia a los mariscos (I know you all remember that phrase from Spanish 101 practice work!)  Back to the story, being the goat cheese-aholic that I am, I would have ordered this dish if I understood what halloumi was.  I will never make that mistake again!  Hailing from the Mediterranean island of Cyprus,  halloumi is a semi-hard, unripened brined cheese made from a mixture of goat and sheep milk, and sometimes also cow milk.  It has a high melting point, and often fried or grilled, with a strong savory bite, with a slightly creamy texture.  Mmmm mmmm gewd!Before course #2 arrived, the manager spoiled our party with a 3 special treats, which he explained were some of his absolute favorite things on the menu.  1) Smoked king salmon with pickled vegetables and buttery crunchy toasts  2) NY littleneck clams with garlic & chili in white wine herb butter 3) Hollander mussels in chardonnay herb butter broth.  Honestly, this free little treat might have been the absolute best dishes to grace our table.  We were all politely sharing, but fighting our animal instinct to greedily ravage these dishes and lick the bottom of the bowls clean!The second course consisted of a choice of the following indulgences:1) Pacific White Prawns with Pearl Couscous, Lobster Cream, Cherry Tomatoes, Scampi Garlic Butter 2) Prime Ribcap Steak Frites with Roasted Shallot Red Wine Glaze 3) Mt. Cook Alpine King Salmon with Vegetable Ragout, Buerre Blanc 4) Roasted Jidori Chicken - Celeriac Puree, Glazed Baby Carrots, Sauce Ver JusThe whole party's orders were split between the prawns and the steak.  My only complaint is that I was torn between the salmon and prawns.  Having a less than stellar salmon experience the previous night led me to try the prawns.  All of the steaks were cooked to perfection.The third course consisted of a choice of these treats:Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee or Homemade Ice Cream SundaeI think the entire table ordered and enjoyed the creme brulee, which was as delicious as it was beautiful.I will be back.  Thank you for an evening of culinary bliss and thoughtful service Aquaknox!
5	Food was not overpriced, and delicious. Steak was great, tad dry but much better then anything else I have had out here. Lobster was cooked to perfection. Ono was lightly breaded and enjoyed. Clams were spectacular!!!!!!! The martini's are worth the money.Atmosphere was elegant and the ambiance was serene.  This is a high class restaurant that could be compared to a Morton's.Service was excellent, servers team up and take care of tables together. Our every need was attended to. Manager did stop by our table twice.My sister's birthday was the celebration, and we were dressed to the t, but It seemed they were giving everyone this type of attention. They comped and brought us a free dessert for the celebration and made the evening an unforgettable one.
4	Anyone saying the food is not expensive must be part of the 1%.  We grabbed a drink at the bar prior to sitting down for our meal and a Makers Mark on the rocks was $12 (without tip).  That's the only price I'll mention, but figured it was a good indicator for anyone reading this review.The meal was exquisite ... I'm from North Carolina, and frequent the beaches of NC/SC, so I know good seafood.  Being in Las Vegas, I was hesitant to visit an upscale seafood restaurant, but AquaKnox did not dissapoint.  I started off with a Lobster Bisque and had to do everything to not to pick it up and start licking the bowl.  As for my entree, I had the tuna (rare of course), and it was extremely good.  Because we were jet lagged and technically eating our dinner at 11pm, we were too tired to do dessert, so we called it a night.  Quick and Dirty Review:Atmosphere - Unique, but nothing too special (located within the corridor between Palazzo and Venetian hotels).Food - Delicious ... pricey, but deliciousService - Good service ... attentive and knowledgeable with the menu based on our appetite.Summary - Although pricey, it was extremely delicious and worth a date night while on vacation.
5	From the moment we were greeted until we payed the check, it was an outstanding experience.  The servers were knowledgeable, articulate, and very well synced with the kitchen. All the food was wonderful.  Highly recommend the seafood plateau as an appetizer.  We decided against dessert as we were quite full, so the manager stopped by with complimentary glasses of sparkling wine.  All the finishing touches made it well worth the price.  We will be going back!
5	Seafood at its best! The combo plates we ordered (large group) caused much laughter and discussion about how to eat each item, and what was what! Service was top notch, and they rushed our order to meet our show time.
5	Well now this was a treat for sure. Armed with my Eating Las Vegas review book I was determined to dine in style this trip. We, however, wondered into AquaKnox that was not in the review book.  Good move. Great waterfall entrance and exciting menu drew us in anyway..  Great choice.   I had the John Dory that was simply magnificent. Seared to perfection with a lobster succotash to die for.  Lobster bisque starter is a must try and a reasonable wine list yielded a Chablis that was wonderful and highlighted the meal well.  Lesson learned.  Review books, even the most acclaimed should not hinder your effort to find great dining were others have missed...  Service as good as the meal also.   Don't miss it if in town.
4	my best friend and i were staying at the venetian on our recent trip to las vegas, and were looking to have a nice seafood dinner. i saw this restaurant on yelp, and we decided to try it since it got great reviews.we started off our dinner with some drinks; i got the dr. heidemanns-bergweiler riesling and my friend got blue moon. the riesling was definitely one of the best i've ever had. it was very light and not too sweet like other rieslings. for our appetizers, i got the pacific prawns which came with a horseradish cocktail sauce, and my friend got the hollander mussels in a chardonnay herb butter broth. i'm not a huge mussel or clam person, but the mussels were super tender and the broth was absolutely delicious. my appetizer came with about five pieces of big sized prawns and a side of the horseradish cocktail sauce. the prawns were super meaty and you can taste the freshness. for the main course, i got the mt. cook alpine king salmon which came with a fall vegetable ragout, micro sorrel, and suace buerre blanc. since again i was watching the amount of sauce and fat in my meal, i ordered my salmon without the sauce and replaced the ragout with a side of steamed veggies. the salmon was about 6 oz which was a great portion, and like the prawns, was super fresh, flaky, and moist. my friend got the georges bank scallops, which came with clack truffle creamed corn and applewood smoked bacon polenta. she's not a huge fan of polenta, so she ordered a side of french fries instead. the french fries were thin cut and yummy! i didn't try any of the scallops, since it was topped with truffle oil and i'm highly allergic to truffle oil. but my friend did say it was very fresh and delicious. besides the amazing and fresh food, the ambience and friendly staff were out of this world. our servers were jesse and tonya, and they were super friendly and helpful. make sure you ask for them if you ever decide to try this place! jesse was very accommodating to my requests, since i was watching my caloric intake, and made sure that i was comfortable with my dish and the ingredients that were going into it. additionally, the food was not as overpriced as one would expect it to be. i will definitely be going back to this place the next time i'm in vegas.
5	This restaurant is an excellent example of Las Vegas fine dining at its best. Some excellent highlights; the cocktails are fantastically made, the seafood trio appetizer is a MUST when dining here, and the service should be, and was, perfect. We truly enjoyed our experience here, and although there are many fine dining restaurants in Las Vegas to choose from, there are few that tend to get all those key elements and service standards working together harmoniously perfect such as AquaKnox.
5	Shrimp & crab salad awesome, as well as the fresh oysters, great service.
4	I wanted to grab a quick bite after an exhausting day at a tradeshow in the Venetian and AquaKnox was pretty much in the right place at the right time. I didn't feel like going on a mission to find authentic food outside the hotel and the place had just the right amount of people and volume for me to deal with (not too much, not too little). I took a seat at the bar and was helped by several very, very nice bartenders. It seems most bartenders in Vegas are a little on the jerky side, but this guy and girl were more along the lines of fine dining waiters than just bartenders.My lite meal turned into a self made tasting menu of miyagi oysters, tuna tartar, and a butterleaf salad. One glass of white to start and one glass of red to finish. The oysters were awesome - served with a mignonette that made them pop. The tuna tartar had two sides to it - one was sliced and seared and the other was a true tartar. I would rather they just server a double of the tartar with some kind of eating vessel (like a fried wonton or something). The salad was pretty simple in ingredients, but it was perfect after the tuna and was presented in a beautiful blossom looking fashion. Tip included - about $120. Is that expensive? For burger king, ya. For a nice seafood restaurant in Vegas, not so much. That said, I did earn my "High Rollers" badge after checking in here on Yelp.
1	Got food poisoning from the oysters here. Got clammy and sweaty during a huge conference, passed out because I was so sick, had to go to emergency room type of food poisoning.
2	Food was excellent. Service was spot on. Nice atmosphere.But two things that made for a bad taste in our mouths and tainted what should have been an excellent experience. My wife didn't want an appetizer, when we ordered there was some joking about me sharing my crab cake with her, waiter said he would bring an extra plate for her. Appetizer came out on two plates, two small crab cakes. Not sure if that is what I would have gotten  if I just said no to sharing. Anyway, bill came, charged an extra $4 for the privilege of sharing with my wife. What a rip-off. $22 for two bite sized crab cakes.For dinner , I got the lobster with crab, when I was ordering I asked waiter if I got to choose the size or it just came as they had it. Was told I didn't get to choose the size, but it would be about 2 lbs. Lobster was maybe 1 1/4 tops. I get them from the market at home all the time, no way in hell that lobster was 2 lbs. $81 to boot, another rip-off.Penny wise pound foolish strategy by this restaurant, meal was around $250, ripping us off for $4 and lying about the size of the lobster is not a good way to get people to come back and generates negative press for your restaurant. It taints the hotel also, would think twice about staying at the Venetian again now as I don't like being ripped off. Too many other hotel and restaurant choices in Vegas.
5	After a lukewarm first experience a while back, I was reluctant to try this place again. Due to a variety of factors, including a hankering for fresh oysters, Hubby and I  decided to give this place another whirl. Boy was I glad we did.We were seated in a lovely booth with high ceiling and cascading curtains. It was a bit drafty, so we moved to the booth next door. The booths were romantic and private, compared to the other tables.  Our servers, Mark and Zack, were attentive and approachable, not pretentious at all. Just a couple of nice guys who actually care about our dining experience. We didn't like the breadsticks but the dip they brought with it was delightful. We ordered a dozen fresh oysters, consisting of 3 varieties (Shigoku, Miyagi, and Gold Creek) and 3 sauces. They were super fresh and went down so easy with Prosecco, we ordered another dozen of the Shigoku Oysters, which were even tastier and slightly larger than Kumamoto Oysters. After two dozen superb oysters, we felt we had reached Oyster Nirvana. We ordered a Romaine Heart of Lettuce to share. It was a generous helping even with the split. The lettuce was crisp and the Caesar dressing was spot on.  Then Zack surprised us with two small crab cakes which was compliments of the Chef. They blew our minds away! We would definitely order those again and again.We ordered both the Steamed Mussels and Steamed Little Neck Clams to share. The Mussels were definitely the tastier of the two, even better than the mussels at Bouchon. You could taste the freshness in each bite. My Hubby loved the mussel broth so much he practically made a meal out of dipping the crispy buttered bread into the Chardonnay Herbed Butter broth. By the time the Grilled Whole Branzino came, we were quite full already. It was a bit under-salted, but nothing a bit of sea salt could not fix.  Again, they split it into two nice plates for us and we devoured every last morsel. We were too stuffed to order dessert but my Husband did enjoy the complimentary Chocolate Truffles at the end. This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.
4	Summary:  This is a lovely spot to relax between the Venetian and Palazzo.  My wife and I love seafood and Aquaknox gets it fresh and with a nice variety.  We were there the week before Christmas, 2012.Food:  4 starsWe started with a sampler of a dozen oysters on the half shell.  They were very fresh and very tasty.  We both had simple grilled fish (the special) over a nicely done risotto.  All in all, a solid meal as expected based on reputation and price point.Wine:  5 starsFor the price point and the vibe of the resort we expected an extensive list, a well trained sommelier, and a tip toward Italian.  All was as expected and more so.  The sommelier, a young man named Scott, was well versed in his list and very personable.  We found a '01 Moccagatta Bric Balin Barbaresco, a very happy and unexpected joy!Service:  2 starsMaybe it was the lack of staff because of the season, but our waiter was simply not good enough for this price point.  Adequate is a failure in fine dining.Ambiance:  4 starsThey do a nice job of shielding the patrons from most of the hustle and bustle of the resorts.  Be sure to insist on a table away from the front when making reservations and you'll be golden.
4	5 course dinner with wine paring for my birthday? Umm, yes please!My birthday dinner here was wonderful and I left wonderfully full.  The service here was excellent.  Everyone who came to our table, be it to clear a dish or place a new one, greeted us with eye contact and ensured we enjoyed ourselves.  The sommelier was very knowledgeable and took time to explain aspects about the wine to us when we were unsure.Some standouts from out from dinner were: -the oyster shooter, alcohol? yes. oysters? yes. together? double yes.-heirloom tomato panzanella, it was drenched in vinaigretty (is that a word?) deliciousness-seared yellow fin tuna, the fennel pollen gave it a nice earthy taste while to balance the subtle fishiness-John Dory, just wonderful, it had a beautiful golden sear on the outside that tastes as wonderful as it lookedThey have fresh seafood flown in daily.  The John Dory is their signature fish and it didn't disappoint.  It was a wonderful, elegant, seafood experience, albeit pricey.Date night seal of approval!
4	Delectably delicious seafood..The oysters were so fresh and the waiters were so welcoming..I did not want to leave! I ordered the lobster bisque to start and it was piping hot and full of lobster flavor and then topped with creme fraiche and caviar..On to the main: scallops, which were seared perfectly and served mid rare, but the accompaniments were rather bland, black truffle creamed corn and bacon bits in polenta.. both were tasty, but together they were too sweet and not enough flavor in either one to make the rest of the dish pop.. I tasted the birthday boy's 'Barrimundi' fish, and was blown away! The crisp skin had been carefully caramelized and the texture was similar to salmon and sea bass mixed.. mmmmMM soo good! The mashed chive potatoes underneath the fish were delicious and drizzled with white truffle oil...heaven!The deserts were decent, and the cocktails were phenomenal. Overall, a fantastic meal.
4	My standards for Las Vegas dining are very high.   Almost every chef who is a 'somebody' has a place on the strip, so when we came to try Chef Molony's restaurant after a long day, my hopes were high.  Thankfully, he did not disappoint.  Ambiance + Service: love the feel of this restaurant and once you are a few steps in, you forget you are in Las Vegas (a big plus in my book).  Lovely textures, comfortable lighting and friendly, informative service set this evening off on the right food.Wine List: Solid wine list, we opted to have a bottle recommended by our server.  Well chosen and moderately priced.Apps: The Halloumi and Watermelon is awesome (worth sharing for sure) and the Butter Lettuce & Herb salad was stellar.  We were wistfully licking the plates as they left the table.Mains:  All of the seafood selections were great, with the Wild Barramundi winning 'best dish' of the night.  The signature John Dory was also lovely and the prawns were delightful - and the heartiest dish.  That said, if you are only getting one dish: get the Barramundi.We passed on dessert this time, but will definitely be coming back for more deliciousness next time I find myself in LV.
5	Excellent dinner.  Jonah crab claws were delicious, Barramundi was A+ as was the seafood stew.  Jesse and Tanya were friendly and attentive servers and made this a special dinner for us.  This is an expensive restaurant, so be prepared!
5	Great food, great service.  Well worth the money.
5	Possibly the best seafood place in Las Vegas, Aquaknox is an excellent night out. The e John Dory and Lobster Bisque are "must haves". The service was the best we had in Vegas and one of the few times the service level equalled the food. The dessert menu is a little lacking, it's good but not outstanding. Overall I highly recommend AquaKnox.
5	It was my last night in Vegas, so I wanted to take my girlfriend out to a nice dinner. We decided to stop here and it was definitely the right choice. We were greeted by very friendly hostesses which was a good sign. They were all very kind and although we were quite casually dressed, they invited us in anyway. Bonus points for them. The restaurant is quite classy with white linens, a very modern feel, darker lighting and a really cool wine cooler that's a focal point in the front of the restaurant.We were shown to our table and we were greeted by our waiters. They worked in tandem, which was quite cool as we were never thirsty or left wanting for anything. They brought out a wonderful amuse bouche that was spread over bread sticks. Very nice beginning and more than a bite so that was nice.We decided to go all out and really enjoy this meal, so we each got appetizers. I got the crab cakes ($18) that were marinated with vegetable relish, citrus aioli, and petite mache.  They are smaller, but there was not any filling as it was all crab. Very nice change from those giant crab cakes that are 50% filler. Worth every bite. My girlfriend got the Lobster Bisque ($15). It contained Maine lobster, caviar, and creme fraiche. Wow. It was flavorful, with the creme cutting the richness a bit, but not too much. I never had bisque with caviar and it did add a nice little touch. Next up, the main dishes which we sort of shared. The Georges Bank Scallops ($34) included black truffle creamed corn, with apple-wood smoked bacon polenta. The scallops were perfectly seared and cooked properly. I haven't had one like this in ages, and it really brought back memories from eating them as a kid. The polenta was pretty tasty as well, but I liked it more than she did. The Wild Barramundi ($35) included a tasty chive potato puree, baby tomatoes, and was topped with an asparagus-wild mushroom vinaigrette. I liked it a lot. I didn't know what to expect from the texture, which is a more on the oily side. It worked for me. It was quite moist and flavorful. The potato puree was amazing and went so well with the fish. We had no room left after the meal so we skipped dessert. All in all, I would really recommend this restaurant for the friendly service, kind hostesses, great atmosphere and of course the food. If you're in town, definitely consider this place for a great seafood meal.
5	One of the best meals of my entire life.  The food was outstanding and the service was impeccable.  Thank you for the experience!
4	The AquaKnox is located in the Venetian area.  We had a party of three.  The first thing we noticed was that the waiters work in a pair, which was interesting.  We ordered a bottle of wine recommended by our waiters, which worked well with the food and was decently priced.  We started off with an amuse bouche, which was basically a bite sized caprese salad, which was delicious, but not particularly all that creative.  We split the platter as an appetizer, which was a ridiculous amount of food.  Had we had just the platter and dessert, all of us would have left happy and full.  There were oysters, crab, mussels, shrimp, lobster, oyster shooters, and we got the other crab upsell.  I would say that the shrimp ceviche was really disappointing as the shrimp was rubbery and there wasn't a lot of flavor.  The stone crab however was delicious.  I got the lobster stuffed with crab and holy crap was that a huge lobster -- at least a 2.5 pounder.  Next time, I'm definitely going to ask how big it is.  It however didn't go to waste as I just took it home and ate it as lunch the next day (as an aside: I asked them to crack everything and they told me they did.  The claws were kinda cracked, but kinda half assed so I had to leave a lot of meat in the claw because I couldn't get to it at work).  My father had the prawns which were tasty and my husband had the yellowfin which was also delicious.  I'm not really sure if the dining experience really merited the price, but the seafood was definitely very fresh.  I guess I felt they relied very heavily on the top quality nature of their seafood instead of any real creativity in the cooking and flavoring.  Oherwise, as top notch of a dining experience that you can get in Vegas.
2	Reservations: 5 Stars - Easy to make no waitHostesses: 5 StarsWaiters: 5 Stars Atmosphere: 4 1/2 StarsPrice: 5 Stars (It's Vegas)Value for Price: 5 StarsLobster Bisque: 5 StarsHalloumI & Watermelon: 4 Stars minus one star for the texture of the cheese (it took a minute) but flavor profile together AMAZING! Lobster Succotash: 8 Stars - Seriously it is that deliciousRed Crab Legs 1/2 Pound: 5 Stars Very nice presentation with only the biggest best part of the legs servedBanana Cream Pie: 5 OMG Stars I cannot say enough about this dessert might very well be on my top 3 in all my life...and I am a fat kid I know my sweets! ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________So why the two stars? The Crab Stuffed Maine Lobster - I don't even know what the market price was on it...and I didn't look at my bill...it had nothing to do with value for me. Had I ordered anything else this review would have been five stars, unfortunately I unlike most of your other diners really know lobster. The lobster was huge (most people would have thought they had won the lottery on the size) and the restaurant more than likely gets them this big to make a lasting impression on it's guests. Welcome to Lobster School I will be your teacher today. A HUGE lobster is an OLD lobster...makes sense right? It takes him many many years to grow up and become a big lobster. If I had to guess I would say this lobster was in the 3 - 3 1/2 pound range. What most people do not know is in the case of a lobster BIGGER is NOT I repeat NOT better! I like a 1 1/2 - 2 pound lobster anything larger than that tends to be drier and tougher. The lobster was very dry. I didn't eat hardly any of his gigantic claws because they tasted nasty and dried out. Like lobster jerky (if there was such a thing) There was no taste to any part of the lobster...and when I mentioned it to the waiter he said he had heard that from other people. Old lobster and young lobster or small lobster large lobster (because there is no way to tell an age of a lobster based on size) is worlds apart on texture (this one was mostly tough with some very disgusting mushiness in the tail (not tenderness - mushiness with a foul taste) Ease of the lobster coming out of the shell (most of his claw meat wouldn't come out and so I left it in there after determining the juice wasn't worth the squeeze. I tipped the waitstaff 50% of my bill because they are never to blame for food quality. What I will say is this place is great in all aspects, however if you want lobster this isn't a place you should add to your dining list although the crab stuffing was indeed perfect. If you want anything else...well well well worth it! I am a lobster aficionado...I spent my summers in Maine eating two lobsters a day for weeks on end. They were cheaper than hamburger! I learned very quickly from the locals and experience that I would rather eat 3 - 1 pound lobsters  than 1 - 3 pound lobster. You sacrifice taste and quality and texture the bigger you get. Chef Tom Moloney also knows this to be true...whether he would admit it to his paying guests is a whole other story. The truth is people believe bigger is better and he is forced to fulfill that for his diners...somewhere along the way in this dish he lost sight of the flavor and excitement this dish could have delivered and brought you the super-sized Mc Donald's version of it instead! This dish and only this dish was horrible everything else here is terrific, however it was my main dish so it makes up a large part of my review!
4	Was able to just walk in Friday night and sit down even though it was pretty crowded.  My table had the Bone in steak, lobster bisque and scallops.  The Steak was delicious, it was cooked perfectly and the sauce and potatoes with it made it taste all the better.  My favorite was the corn and polenta that was served with the scallops.  The service was friendly and very attentive. All in all dinner was a highlight of the night and I would highly recommend this place!
3	Super good food, lobster bisque and barramundi was great.  I also liked the tag-team servers, we were never left unattended. Lost a star because the wine cellar was a circular fixture which should have had a water installation around it, but the water wasn't running and it looked dirty, like plexiglass with bad hard-water stains. It could have been so cool, but just looked like a dirty eyesore in front. Bummer.Lost the other star because the bar wasn't bussed. I sat at the bar waiting to meet clients around 7PM. There were dirty glasses and dirty plates. The bartender walked passed them about 5 times before he picked the stuff up. A restaurant of this caliber should be more on the ball. I was the only one sitting at the bar, so it wasn't like they were overwhelmed.
5	This place was spectacular. From the food to the service- everything was stellar. Best experience at any restaurant in Vegas. We had Chris and his assistant(did not catch his name. Tall guy with glasses and SUPER friendly). The service was excellent. They checked on us often and we did not wait long for our food to come out. For appetizers we had the lobster bisque and the crab cakes. My boyfriend loved his bisque. The crab cakes are a MUST! It is served over a corn relish that compliments the crab cakes very well! For our entrees I had the scallops and he had the Baramundi. He absolutely loved the Baramundi. My scallops were pretty good also. Everything tasted super fresh. Definitely give this place a try if you are craving seafood while in Vegas!!!!
5	This was, hands down, my favorite meal in my inaugural trip to Las Vegas, even though none of us anticipated the high price tag. I still think about it, a lot. Too much, even, probably.I didn't realize that they closed at 10:00 that night and, when we walked in at 9:30, we were welcomed graciously and seated/attended to promptly. Service throughout continued to be excellent, even after we found out that they were closing in just a few minutes.I was in the mood for scallops, but after the waiter's incredibly convincing description of the shellfish platter, we opted for that as an appetizer, as well.  It was amazing... and this is coming from someone formerly (and still a little bit) afraid of removing the exoskeleton of crustaceans. He gave us an extra oyster shooter, too, since there were three of us and the platter was only designed for two. The bottle of red wine he suggested (I don't remember what it was, I was too enraptured with the seafood platter) went perfectly with the meal, too. I still ordered the scallops and, while I remember them being tasty (and they left out the bacon in the polenta on my plate), that seafood platter won the meal for me.And for my trip to Vegas.
4	Came here with some friends in celebration of a friend's graduation. Service was very friendly and attentive. Food was DELICIOUS. Some must orders would be the: Surf and Turf (if you are seriously hungry! LARGE portion and beautifully plated), lobster bisque, and the JOHN DORY with lobster succotash. It seems that most of their dishes have a touch of truffle (mmmyummdillyumcious) Prices are reasonable for the quality and portion sizes. For dessert they offer some traditional dessert selections as well as a menu with absinthe. We had two people at our table that ordered the absinthe desserts and both included a great show/explaination. Definitely are great place if your in the mood for fine dining and something lighter than the regular steak house.
5	Who knew this would be my last dinner in Vegas thus far, and that I would end up getting wheelchaired back to my Venetian suite?!For starters, we were served a complimentary lobster-topped crostini.A light appetizer consisting of freshly chopped watermelon cubes topped with halloumi set the stage for the best yet to come.Dropped by for dinner when the hostesses mentioned a Halibut special: fresh halibut on top of lobster mash. The menu is not extensive, so it may not cater to some (or many) taste buds, but I'll be damned if that wasn't the most well-prepared halibut I've ever had. The dishes look simple, but I truly appreciate every bite, a subtle flavor that lingers on your palate the rest of the night. The complimentary white chocolates are icing on the cake.Do not come here hungry - you will not be stuffed. Come here when you want your taste buds satiated with an interesting take on seafood.
4	A solid 4.  My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  Go.Tease:   Aquaknox is a seafood restaurant between the Venetian and Palazzo in Vegas.Why I went:   My wife and I were craving a snack and drinks while waiting for friends to arrive in Vegas.When:  11/17/12Food:  We basically got the raw bar items and some tasty cocktails.  The crab, shrimp and oysters were all amazingly fresh and tasty!  Prices weren't outrageous, but they weren't cheap.  We felt the price matched the quality.  The cocktails were fantastic.Service:   Excellent!  The bartender provided all for us.  He explained the cocktails as he made them, which was fun.  Hints/Final thoughts:  Aquaknox is a chill nice seafood place in the Venetian/Palazzo.  It's worthy of a look if you're crazy some raw bar and drinks.  We really enjoyed it.  It was casual and fun.
5	I took my family here for a farewell dinner on 6/24.  Prior to going, I was looking for a restaurant that would have a special private dining option available.  Valerie (private events from Aquaknox) contacted me right away and sold me on what Aquaknox had to offer.  I wanted to make this special for my bro-in-law who was being deployed.  Valerie was able to offer a special military discount of 15% off our total bill (awesome gesture) and recommended the wine tower to have our dinner.  She gave us multiple options for the tasting menu and I opted for the 5 course.  I read many reviews and was a little concern that it may be too little of food (4 dishes plus dessert), but boy was I wrong. Prior to our arrival date, Valerie kept in constant contact with me to go over the menu, menu design, and to just ensure that our dinner was going to be special.  This level of service continued on to the day of our event.We arrived and was promptly escorted into the wine tower.  Since it was a Tuesday evening, the restaurant was not crowded, but I am still glad we decided on the Wine tower.  It made all feel special.  The tower itself is a tad chilly (but she had already warned me of that) but we were prepared.  There were people constantly serving us. Andrea was our captain for the evening, and was on top of everything and super friendly.  We started off we a toast (she recommended a sparkling wine over champagne to save us cost).  We had two non drinkers, so Min (assistant manager/mixologist) made them a really special drink (consisting of ginger beer and some other fruits).  They really really enjoyed it.  The menu was printed on a card and got everyone excited.  We started off with oysters.  Great presentation and most importantly, great flavor.  Only small knock was that Andrea wasn't exactly sure which oysters were which (no big deal).  The first official course was a gazpacho.  This was the best that I have every had.  Very fresh and tasty.  The following 3 courses were duos of amazing stuff.  Crab cakes and Shrimp Salad.  The crab cakes were flavor full, but the shrimp salad was were it was at.  It consisted of 2 sweet shrimps, and a ton of lump crab meat.  This was topped off with micro greens.  Very very delicious.  Next was the fishes.  Barramundi/John Dory.  I was excited to try the John Dory.  But what made the dish was the lobster succotash below it.  Very nice dish.  The Barramundi was also very good with the mash potatoes.  We could have ended it there, but then came the surf and turf.  Filet was on point.  Perfectly cooked and nice flavor.  The prawns (2) were cooked on open flames and also had great flavor.  By now, we were totally stuffed and could barely consumed dessert (chocolate gelato/mousse combo).  Also throughout the evening, we kept asking Min to make us different cocktails.  He took pleasure in coming up with different things and explaining what he made.  I really appreciate all of his explanation and effort he put into it.  One of the girls asked about the ginger beer, he produced a new bottle and served us each a sample.  All in all, service and food was spot on.  Aquaknox may not be the most famous restaurant in Vegas (or even in the Venetian), yet it should definitely not be overlooked.  I thought we got a great value (5 course turned into 9 courses) in the tasting menu.  Nothing was over the top but very tasty.  Flavors were not too complex for our simple palates.Will definitely return.  Thanks Valerie, Min, Andrea, and the rest of the staff for a memorable evening.
4	I'll start by saying, the only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is because i wish the food portion would have been a bit bigger! other than that, This place is AMAZING!!We started with the crabcake appetizers... they were tasty!I had the new zealand salmon with lobster mashed potatoes-- The mashed potatoes were phenomenal! And the Creme Brulee (which i'm usually not a fan of...) COULN'T GET ENOUGH!! The Aquatini was sooooo good!! Usually not my kind of drink, but this was yummy!It was a little pricey, but the customer service was impeccable... The staff was SO nice and attentive. We were there for my niece's 21st birthday and when i made reservations, i told them this. they remembered when we got there and made her feel so special throughout the night. It was a very special night and definitely memorable. :)
4	if you're looking for some of the BEST seafood in Las Vegas, look no further.  From the surprisingly complex Amuse Bouche of Mushroom & Mango Ceviche and the Alaskan King Crab appetizer to the first-class service by Jesse and Tonya, the night couldn't have been better.I grew up in Alaska, so my standards for crab are high and the chef exceeded my expectations. I had the halibut, which in other less deft hands can be overcooked, but in this case, it was perfectly seasoned and mouth-watering. My friends, both who live far, far away from oceans, had the prawns and scallops and couldn't stop saying how it was the best seafood they had enjoyed in years.I'd highly recommend the lobster mashed potatoes with thick, moist succulent chunks of lobster that doesn't overpower the potatoes.I'd highly recommend this restaurant, especially if you can get a booth, which the manager Min made possible for us. In other restaurants it can be difficult to hear yourself think, but here at Aquaknox, you can relax, enjoy a great bottle of wine from their excellent selection, consult with a knowledgeable and helpful sommelier and celebrate the good life.
4	Great food, service and atmosphere...  Be prepared to spend some money.
5	This restaurant represents the epitome of service when it comes to fine dining. We went in for an anniversary/birthday dinner, and we weren't disappointed-- the staff was absolutely professional, and friendly. I had half of the Aquaknox Plateau, and the scallops; she had the tuna tartar and the John Dory.All delicious, although I recommend the John Dory above all!  Delicious, simple, clean flavors. Can't recommend this place highly enough.
4	I'm torned between a 3 and 4 star for this place. A 3 1/2 star would be most accurate for my experiences. Although my SO would probably rate it more like a 4 1/2 star. He was a little more into Aquaknox than I was. The hubby and I must have marinated on the bar stools for almost 2 hrs, one oyster after another... will definitely be back.
5	If you want amazing service and food then you need to go here!!! Everything is top notch and worth the money.  Our first visit we had a phenomenal waiter named Andrew and had to visit again and request him.  The staff is all knowledgable about wine and how it pairs with the entrees you choose to enjoy.  We chose to do the tasting of the menu which is a 5 course meal paired with beer/wine.  AMAZING!!!! If you want a 5star experience then go visit the wonderful chefs and staff at Aquaknox!
5	Jesse and T (tonya) served us tonight.  Not only was this the best meal we've had in Vegas..this pair was PHENOMENAL!!We come to Vegas 3-4 times a year, this was our first visit to AquaKnox..the BEST steak (rival to Moos in Boston) and the BEST seafood (including fresh coast). But the food paled to our service..I would eat McDonalds if they served there..WOW! Eat here, ask for them..have a ball!  Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Wow what a awesome place to dine! Me and my girlfriend came here on a date a few weeks ago and we both have been to many fine dinning seafood and haven't had a better experience then this! Food was ON POINT!!! And the service was amazing! My girlfriend had some questions (usually way more then anyone can hangle) and a guy named Andrew.H could tell you anything you ever wanted to know about the food!!! 5 stars you guys ROCK!!!!
5	What a great restaurant to share a meal with friends. When we got to the restaurant we  were promptly greeted and taken into the wine room.  The sommelier taught us about wine and how he picked for the restaurant. We then proceeded to have an amazing dinner. I had the the Barramundi, she had the scallops.  Others had lobster and salmon, all excellent. The service was phenomenal.
5	My experience here was wonderful - from start to finish! We had the tuna tartar appetizer and the surf n turf with the crab stuffed lobster and the filet. Everything was absolutely incredible! And let's not forget the amazing banana cream pie (a dessert I would never normally consider), which was extremely delicious. The thing that made this place so above and beyond was the genuine, attentive and outstanding service from the second we walked in the door to the second we left. All of the hostesses, our servers Brad and Adrian, and the manager Melody all played an important role in making our visit to AquaKnox something to rave about! Next time I'm in Vegas, it'll be my first stop!
5	Rarely have I been to a restaurant where the quality of the service was as amazing as the food.  Aquaknox is such a place.  The attentiveness of the Hostesses from the start made us feel so welcomed and important.  The booth seating is lovely as you can still be a part of the restaurant while enjoying the intimacy with your dinner guest(s). Our Server, Brad, was fabulous and extremely informative about our food and wine questions. The food was incredible!  My daughter and I started with the Tuna Tartare with Asian Pear infusion...delicious and so fresh it tasted like it had just landed on shore! Great combination of flavors. Anyway, onto an old classic, surf and turf...thought we'd give it a try. OMG, it was to die for! The filet was so tender you could cut it with a butter knife, and it was the perfect pink for med rare.  The stuffed Lobster (with crabmeat), was totally updated in flavor and delicious. Our server, Brad, described the Banana Cream Pie so well that we decided to give it a go...a wonderful decision on our part. It was the perfect flavor balance.  Frankly, my daughter and I are very knowledgeable about food and this was our favorite restaurant our whole time in Vegas. Brad, our Server, Adrian, who assisted and Melody, the Manager couldn't have been lovelier.  I cannot wait to return to this outstanding restaurant...Bon Apetite!
5	I haven't eaten at this restaurant in a few years and I'm glad that I decided to give it a shot again! All I can say is....OMFG, everything we ordered was making me drool while  I was chewing. DELICIOUS!!!
4	Get the aquaknox plateau!!!!! You won't regret it.  Yes it's expensive but this is fine dining ppl!!  I love stone claws and everything was so fresh.My friend and I split the fish dish, which I forgot the name, and the crab stuffed Maine lobster.  It was very good.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the lobster stuffing was seasoned well.  I think I literally ate the whole plate!If you're looking for a great seafood option, try this place.It's very pretty and when we went it was practically empty!  Ask for a booth.
5	Outstanding, soup to nuts.Service is impeccable, food is amazing, just unbeatable.I had the surf and turf and can't recommend it enough. Even though Aquaknox is a seafood restaurant, the filet was hands down the best steak I have ever had. The crab stuffed lobster is amazing.Grilled lemons to squeeze on your crab and lobster? Oh yes indeedy.
5	We celebrated my wife's 50th birthday tonight at AquaKnox. Service was spectacular. My Mom and Dad ordered the lobster bisque and the crab cakes and we had the same. Flavors were melt in your mouth awesome! For the entree we all had the salmon. Two of us had it blackened. I have to say it was the most flavorful and memorable salmon dish I have ever had. Seasoning was spot on. The salmon was served on top of something called black forbidden rice which was bursting with flavors I can't even put into words. Awesome! They brought out some complimentary cheese appetizers and tuna tartar with wasabi cream sauce which were wonderful. For desert we had the bread pudding which was superb. Hot out of the oven with vanilla bean ice cream on the side. They also served us some complimentary champagne which was very nice of them. All in all it was a five star experience. Highly recommended.
3	Went here diring restaurant week.Ordered the orawns with risotto and the steak cap with mased potatoes. The steak was so so. The prawns were phenomenal. They brought out a crab cake on the house.  It was so good. Lobster bisque was tasty. For dessert we had bread pudding.  The presentation was awesome. It again was awesome. The show stealer was absinthe. The cart they bring it out on and the whole process was cool. I would recommend this restaurant to a seafood lover or someone who is into trying new drinks.
5	Easily the best meal I've eaten in years. We were lucky enough to visit during restaurant week, and even luckier that aquaknox was participating. We had the lobster bisque (divine) and crab cake (also very good), followed by the salmon and prawns for the main course. And then the lemon cheesecake and banana cream pie for desert.Now let me tell you, I HATE salmon! I was stealing as many bites from the Hubs as possible. Soooo amazing...the prawns were delicious too. I wasn't fond of the cheesecake but the banana cream pie...GET IT NOW! Service was friendly and warm, impeccable throughout the meal, even as we were some of the last diners. Overall amazing experience. I'll go back every trip to Vegas. Also I'm from San Diego where we have lots of great food, not some Podunk place where Applebee's is fine dining.
5	They don't "officially" offer a tasting menu, but they were happy to oblige when we made the inquiry.  The sommelier and waiter were wonderful and seemed excited to give us a great experience.  The bill at the end of the night was MUCH less than I would have expected.
5	I consider myself quite a connoisseur of fine dining and I'm not easy to please when it comes to my food, but this restaurant completely blew my mind and taste buds!!! Everything was perfect!!! From appetizers to desert they delivered big time!!! Tuna tartar was more than excellent, our halibut and barramundi were cooked to utter perfection and paired with equally delicious sides. The desserts.... Let me say I came back the next day for more. If you are going to spend some money on dining, do it here, you will not regret it. A bit of downside - interior design is a bit understated but with all that great food you will not notice it.
3	Decent but not wonderful.  Portions were small for the price but the flavor and presentation was indeed excellent.  The seafood trio appetizer was delicious and the corn/lobster side was really flavorful.
5	I knew I was saving my very first review for a special restaurant. AquaKnox was the perfect dining experience to celebrate reconnecting with an old friend. The food is phenomenal but what made my experience memorable was the service. Our sommelier Scott was very knowledgable and paired each course perfectly. I look forward to dining here again when I go back to Las Vegas!
4	Went here with the wife and had a great time.   She had the crab stuffed lobster and I had the John Dory, which is similar to flounder.   The crab stuffed lobster was delicious and still had the lobster meat present and the crab stuffing was a great compliment to the richness is the lobster meat.   The John Dory came with lobster succotash and black truffles, which added elegance to the simple, yet delicious fish.
5	Wow, can I be any less classier after going to this amazing seafood restaurant?  The dish I ordered was newly added to the menu, Porcini Dusted Moonfish, was delectable.  So delicious that I ate every morsel off that platter and literally licked the bowl clean.  I would also recommend their crab cakes.  It has a great crunch to it and filled with flavorful crab meat.  Desserts...you can't go wrong with any of them I tried 4 of them.  The servers are very well versed with the menus and offer great advice and suggestions.
5	Possibly the best dinner I have ever had, with incredible flavors and textures. I ordered the Halibut which was served on lobster potatoes - large chunks of fresh lobster meat was found inside.  Desert was amazing and they finished us with a small cup of hot apple cider and a Cream pastry.All of the staff are professional, attentive and truly care that you enjoy your time. Kudos to the entire staff!!
5	One of the best dining experiences I have  had. Ever. I cannot fully express the amazingness that was their food.I had a tasty tease, followed by a food orgasm, and left pregnant with a food baby. Didn't even get the waiters number after all that, but I'm not mad. ;) My boyfriend and I enjoyed the offered morsel of shrimp salad to prep your palate. We then had the shrimp cocktail for appetizer, entrees of halibut and scallops, sumptuous desserts, and delicious pomegranate mojitos. The halibut was moist and delicious. The scallops were cooked perfectly (very easy shellfish to over cook), and not heavily seasoned. I had the flourless chocolate molten cake that came with a shot glass of chocolate caramel, and thought I went to heaven. What really made this place stand out was the service. The minute our drinks were finished, we were asked about getting another. Empty plates never sat on the table long, and our water glasses were refilled often. Christopher and Slejan (sp?) are a great team and made us feel well taken care of without hovering. Yes, the place is pricey, but absolutely worth the splurge. I will be coming back on my next visit to Vegas. I may go again this trip!
5	Second helping of amazing!!Came back for seconds on our last night in Vegas, we asked for our waiter from our previous trip who was amazing (Chris G). The staff including bartender that served us as they prepared our table, the front desk, even the ops manager made us feel amazing.Today we ordered different items including a starter of lobster cocktail (amazing!) blue prawns, and finishing with a passion fruit chocolate marquis. Everything was cooked with care and had the most amazing flavors.I asked the staff to pass on my gratitude to the chef. Jimmy the sous chef came out so we could talk, you can see the passion in his craft and he was very humble to hear about our great experience.If I could give these folks another star I would, and I will be coming back again next visit.Love this place!!!
5	I definitely do not like seafood but according to my friends they enjoyed it. What I really enjoyed was the nice atmosphere this place had. Sat at the bar and had a few beers. The Bartender which I did not get her name was on her game. Very busy and she managed to take care of me and my guest. Keep it up
1	I made a reservation for next Wed at 7 pm. Two days later, Aquaknox called me and said "We have a big party coming in on Wednesday and we can't accommodate your reservation, but we have an opening at 9 pm". I'm going elsewhere. Not the kind of service I expect in a city focused on entertainment and trade shows.
3	Very quiet. Great service. Decent food.
5	This was my favorite meal in vegas. Not as fancy of a restaurant as I thought, a lot of people were dress pretty casual. Out waiter was really nice, the service was great and recommendations were spot on. Loved the seafood.
5	The oyster platter, lobster bisque and crab cake were spectacular. Will be back soon. The bartender was very friendly and informative.
3	We had a company banquet here.  The place is nice and lounge type kind of restaurant.  The waiters and servers were nice and friendly.  They are only getting 3 stars because they took forever for our food to come out and the salmon was not cooked and the beef was so rare it was still moooooooooooing.  I noticed alot of pple did not finish their plate.
4	As the No1DP was staying at the Palazzo he passed by this restaurant a few times on his walk around the Venetian/Palazzo area and suggested this place as a possible dinner option. As we had wine as part of a "happy hour event" through the conference No1DP was attending, we talked to one of the line cooks about their menu and observed their open kitchen. Out of all the places we went to happy hour, this place impressed me enough to come back for dinner, so the No1DP promptly made dinner reservations later that night.CONCEPT/VENUE: The Venetian/Palazzo's fine dining option with an emphasis on "global water cuisine". Fancy schmancy way of saying upscale seafood. At the entrance to the restaurant there is a water-encased walk-in wine cellar. We both thought that this would be a perfect way to showcase their premium wines as the wines themselves were "hidden in plain sight" by the waterfalls and enticing potential customers to come inside. As we went inside No1DP wondered how much it would take to eat inside the wine cellar as there was a table that could seat two. No1DP and I were placed in the booth area where other couples were present. The booths provide a place to people-watch other diners in the tables while having a little area to ourselves. It was also easy for bussers and waiters to pass by without saying anything. SERVICE: Overall so-so. Service was good that silverware was replaced when a new dish was about to come out and that when you left your table, your napkin was remade for you. They were also quick to refill your wine glasses. The wait time between ordering our food and when the food actually came out was at least 20 minutes, and when the food finally came they gave No1DP the wrong dish, the Pacific Blue Prawns. We took a bite out of the prawns and thought it was good until No1DP realized that he ordered halibut. It took time to make another halibut and gave him a small salad for compensation as I ate my dish. No1DP liked his salad and the dressing. FOOD/DRINKWine was a low-oak Chardonnay, which was chosen because our dishes consisted of fish with hearty sauces. Amuse was a very small "tuna salad" of sorts with a mushroom on outside. Mushroom was firm and tuna was lightly seasoned.Appetizer was a wild blue crab cake ($18): Chayote slaw, creole remoulade sauce. Crab cake was done perfectly as the crab fell apart after slicing it. Remoulade gave the crab a bit of spice and the vegetable medley on top sweetened the dish. My dish was a New Zealand john dory ($45): Lobster succotash, okra, wild mushrooms, sweet corn nage, black truffle. One of AquaKnox's signature dishes. The fish was soft, buttery and could easily be separated with a fork. Sauce was also delicious and went with the dish, made the fish a little more nutty. Sauce was heavy but not too heavy in that I could finish my dish. No1DP's real dish was a wild Alaskan halibut ($44): Lobster mashed potatoes, broccolini, piquillo pepper relish. I'm used to softer halibut and was a little disappointed in the texture, especially since I started realizing that I prefer fish with soft textures. No1DP did enjoy his fish as he's used to this type of texture for halibut and thought the sauce was delicious as well. Aside from the spotty service the No1DP and I enjoyed our experience here and I would recommend this place for fine dining/seafood if you want to stay in the Venetian area for dinner.
5	I don't normally write Yelp reviews, but seeing as I've been eating at Aquaknox for almost 10 years now, I am compelled! My family and I are frequent diners along the Las Vegas strip and we've had our share of fine dining (Joel Robuchon, Picasso, Le Cirque, N9NE steakhouse, Eiffel Tower, etc.) and not once has Aquaknox disappointed us! I also lived in San Francisco/Bay Area for 5 years and nothing has compared to the quality of food or service that this restaurant provides!Aquaknox's level of service is unparalleled. With the advent of their new manager, Min, we are always being taken care of and leave satisfied beyond our heart's content. One evening, my mother had requested for a pina colada, but it was not on their menu as they did not have a blender. My mom had no problem requesting for another drink, yet Min personally ran to neighboring restaurants to find a blender. For years, this has been our go-to seafood place (not to mention our favorite restaurant) when we're looking for a fancier-than-normal-kind-of-night.I HIGHLY recommend the following dishes:- Steamed mussels (request for extra bread!)- Lobster cocktail w/ citrus garlic aioli- Sweet shrimp and lump crab salad- Lobster bisque (you can smell its heavenly essence from across the table)- Filet mignon / Surf n Turf- Pacific prawns on couscous with lobster cream- Red Snapper on truffle potato pureeIf you're looking for good seafood and a good time, go to Aquaknox. You can't beat it!
5	The best experience and the best food ever!!!We were going to go to Cut after a whole day of playing at the craps table but opted to go here after the very nice hostess told us she could seat us right at 530. Mark and Miller were our waiters. Really? Two people to one table? Really! They were very entertaining and very knowledgeable. We were so happy with the presentation and the flavor of each dish! I couldn't help taking pictures of our dishes. They were just amazing!
5	Going to be tough to ever top the stuffed lobster here. Just be hungry because it's pretty big. We started with the crab bisque(way too rich for me, too much cream I think) & The Blue Crab app(thoroughly amazing!) & The Crab Cake(certainly an upper end crab cake with a nice meat to bread ratio, the remoulade is flawless!) & the Shrimp and Grits(holy flavor explosion, Batman! A must IMO). We also ended our meal with Absinthe, the full presentation and all, pretty cool.
5	I Give AquaKnox 5 DIAMONDS, Stars do not give Justice! My wife and I have been coming to AquaKnox in The Venetian Hotel the past 5 years for our anniversary; we always order the Lobster Bisque and Crab Stuffed Maine Lobster, this year we also had the Oysters, they were to Die for.  The restaurant is a classy modern designed setting with waterfall walls in the entrance and blue LED lighting throughout.   The wait staff is professional and there to cater to your every need.  We had a small issue with our main course this time, but Min Lee the operations manager, the head Chef and restaurant staff were there to correct the issue and made our experience more memorable than ever.  If you love Seafood this is the only place to go in Las Vegas.Thank you again everyone we will see you again next year!
4	We had the Lobster Bisque per the other reviews. It was simply amazing. I am from the east coast of Canada originally so I know good lobster bisque and this was awesome. I also had the lobster infused with crab. That was not bad but not mind blowing. I had an aquatini which was amazing as well and i highly suggest it!Over all great experience and good place to eat for seafood.
4	Great food. The surf and turf was awesome the steak was mouth watering. The staff was very friendly and courtesy.
5	Aquaknox stuffed crab lobster was awesome! The service was excellent! My servers Hilary&Miller were outstanding!
5	Great seafood good service, would highly recommend.
5	Best surf and turf I've had.  Blue crab stuffed lobster was perfect.  Filet was good, although I would have preferred a bone-in.  As expected in Vegas, top-notch.
5	Lobster bisque was deliciousLobster Salad was SUPERBCrab cakes were AWESOMESeabass was so butteryFilet was wonderfulTuna tartar was freshService was excellentTheres a private wine cellar room for private dining. Romantic and really cute spot.Im def returning for the food!
5	One of the  "must dine"restaurants on my itinetary.   We enjoyed the food and service.I had oysters, which were delightfully delish!  Wanted to try the shrimp and  grits, too yummy!!! Bigger portions than expected ( that's a good thing)My entree was a "surf and surf", yes I asked for half a crab stuffed lobster and the king crab legs.  OMG !!! It was perfect!!!  As you can imagine the service was impeccable !! Whatever your heart's desire, the staff will try to make it happened.
1	I can't review the food because I never made it past the front door lol. The hostess at the stand was completely helpless and once I finally got to speak with the the gm  Mr. Meneffe he was even more worthless. I wish I could of enjoyed my experience since it is a beautiful property. Maybe if they had a better leader my stay could of been more enjoyable.
5	My girlfriend and I went here for Valentine's Day this year. It was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. The food and staff was excellent! Our servers were Miller and Chris and I would definitely recommend them if you are going here. They were very knowledgeable and made sure we were well taken care of. We will definitely be returning next time we are in Vegas.
5	Thomas our server was impeccable. He is the reason I'd return. The food was really good. I'd say the sea bass was a little bland but the crabcake was one of the best ice ever had.
5	Thanks to our waiters (Hilary & Norman) for their suggestions and friendly/professional service. We definitely we come back here. I had the surf & turf and it was delisious.
5	Awesome place! Me and my girl went here for Valentines day and wow!! The service and the food was amazing! I recommend anyone going there to try the stuffed crab Maine lobster.
5	Customer service was excellent. Had Chris for our server and thoroughly enjoyed his recommendations. My wife and I couldn't agree on what our favorite dish was. I enjoyed the Marus King Crab and she loved the halibut with lobster mash potatoes. Everything was delicious. We even tried the Absinthe root beer float. Not a fan of the licorice taste but the presentation was awesome.(Posted this 3/1/14, but actually dined there 2012. Stupid me, just realized that I never completed the post. My wife and I still talk about the food. 5 stars.)
4	I was skeptical when I got invited to dinner here. I'm no major fan of seafood. Only seafood items that tickle my fancy is like, fish street tacos, or like....shrimp jambalaya. I'm NOT adventurous at all when it comes to seafood.But I figured...sure why not? Lets give this a try. Yelpers = foodies right??I ordered the infamous Lobster Bisque soup that everyone keeps talking about. And whoa....THAT BOWL WAS DELICIOUS!!!!!! Plus that small scoop of caviar on top of a crunchy bread stick a great additional as well. That was enough to get me half full.My date suggested the Peruvian sea bass as our main dish. In the end, I was glad I agreed to his suggestion. I know fish is a healthy alternative. I normally drench my fish...or any type of seafood in lemon, peppers, sauces...all types of condiments. I like to mask that "seafood-y taste." But THIS sea bass did not need ANY of that. It was flavorful enough for me...and I'm big on flavoring. Also, what I really liked about this was the addition of mashed potatoes with a slight hint of crab meat. These two definitely complimented each other. Making reservations is highly recommended.
5	Overall great experience at Aquaknox. Clean and fresh ambience, with cool touches such as the modern "clamshell" booths. A few of the cocktails on the menu were trying too hard to be unique. I started with some sort of spice-laden old fashioned which was brimming with fruit and other froo froo ingredients, but switched to a manhattan and was fine. (It was the first old fashioned my girlfriend has liked, so they were successful in making it a girly drink.) The Riesling I had with dinner was not the best either. But on to the food. We started with the raw oyster selection, which was excellent, very fresh. The Alaskan king crab leg appetizer, served chilled with a little bit of lemon and Tabasco was amazing, we should have ordered the larger portion. The John Dory was the highlight for me, and the scallops in a blood orange sauce were for my girlfriend. The scallops were a bit firm for me, but still very flavorful.
5	A top seafood spot. Delicious stuffed lobster and great apps. There's a reason it won so many awards. The only drawback is the almost basement feel of the restaurant, on the lower walkway/casino level.
4	This place is a gem!The sommelier was excellent, his advice was perfect and didn't try to up-sell you on the product.  We wanted a Chardonnay that was non-oaked, which turned out to be one of the cheapest wines on the menu.  We loved it so much, we brought my father back to announce our engagement.Great service, food, atmosphere.  Unfortunately the wine was so good I don't remember much more than "sea bass" and some watermelon appetizer.  I do remember it was excellent!The only negative point was that on the first visit the restrooms were out of commission and I had to drunkenly stumble across the corridor to another location.
5	I love this establishment!!! I really can't order seafood anywhere else. The crab bisque was so rich and flavorful, always a treat. I shared the shrimp and crab salad with my friend. It was so refreshing with the cantaloupe and avocado complimenting the greens and dressing. My entree was as delicious as ever, Prawns  with couscous and lobster cream. The service was outstanding as always. Sorry I was way to full for dessert.
5	Every times my husband and I in Vegas we staying at the Venetian Hotel, but we've never try any of the restaurants in this hotel.  This time we give it a try since we wanted something near and doesn't have to walk far.  So, I've booked this place for Valentine's night and it was excellently.  The place is clean and the foods are fresh.  I ordered the special of the day fish and it was great.  My husband got a steak and it very good.  The services are friendly and helpful.  I highly recommend this place.
4	Now here's a good place.I didn't want to eat here; fish restaurant, weird location from my hotel, looked too trendy to have good food. I was wrong. Great meal.We showed up with more in our party than in our reservation. "No problem, just a minute to set up new tables." Cool.I don't drink but we had a party of 12 and those that had cocktails loved them. There was the LV-usual menu of house cocktails.  The bartender was accommodating, but when one of our party wanted a house specialty without an ingredient, the waitress came back and explained that the bartender felt the drink wouldn't be enjoyable and would she like something different? She would and she did. They were good.I ordered an appetizer and then I asked the waiter for his opinion of a dish. He said that if I liked {my appetizer} then I would really like (his suggestion). OK, I'll try it. Wait staff is young and smart. Not too chatty, but if you engage them, they'll talk. Just the right amount. They were quick, accommodating and professional.I had the lump crab cocktail and steak Oscar, both very excellant. I should have had the steak cooked more than medium, but that was my fault. I didn't mention it, but I think if I did, they would have helped me out. I got that vibe off them.Dessert was chocolate something and good. Coffee came with biscotti and were yummy.Not inexpensive, but I got value, I think. Cool place, up-scale and comfortable. Not over-the-top good enough to be 5 star but getting close. I'll go back.
3	Came for restaurant week and has a great menu. Food was really good, service was good but the dessert took forever! Like 35 minutes forever. Mind you this was the dessert they had on the Resaurant week menu, so they had to know it was going to be ordered....right?
5	Great service and convenient location within the Venetian hotel. Next to several other upscale restaurants. Primarily seafood items, but have steak or chicken options.  Dish prices range from $18-40 for most items, with a few items greater than this due to their specialty (e.g. Lobster, filet mignon, etc. ). Decent selection of cocktails and basic beers. If you prefer a variety of beers, then next door Public House is a better option.
4	Wow, really good meal here during the IBM Impact conference.  The thing here is seafood, and they spare no expense.  The large seafood appetizer had a little of everything, including an awesome little oyster "shooter" that was delicious.  I had the barramundi, which was tender, fresh and totally delicious.  Our hosts made this a special occasion too; fine food is always even better when someone else picks up the tab!
5	So, here's what happened...my wife and I were in Vegas for one night on our way to Zion National Park.  We intentionally booked at Caesar's so that we could eat at Mesa Grill, where I have had the best meals of my life. I called to make the reservation, and...Boom!...private party...not open.Dagnabbit!What to do? My wife loves seafood, so I Yelped seafood restaurants, and found great reviews for AquaKnox at the Venetian. Took a chance, and man, was it worth it! Simply the best service I have ever received at a Vegas upscale restaurant.Our server (and assistant) constantly brought over little extras. For example, my wife had mentioned how good the corn and edamame succotash looked, but it didn't some with her entree.  Right after her main arrived, she was brought a dish of the succotash on the house. And it was incredible!Here's the food breakdown:We started with the Ahi tuna tartare. One of the best I've had. The Korean chili added the perfect amount of heat and the tiny pieces of crispy tempura and Asian pear brought great texture and a little crunch.We followed with the lobster bisque. Um...drool...I mean...can't speak...still in catatonic stupor. 'Nuff said. We also had the butter lettuce and herb salad with champaign vinaigrette. Very fresh and balanced.Mains: I had the scallops on corn puree and soft polenta. Seared perfectly, but the star of the plate was the mixture of the puree and polenta. And just for a neat little surprise, there were three pork cracklins in the center. Cleaned the plate and would have eaten more. My wife had the whole grilled sea bass. She loved it. It had a nice mesquite flavor and was perfectly cooked.We ended with the banana cream pie with Guinness chocolate ice cream. The pie was unique and yummy. Not a traditional BCP. They layer ladyfingers throughout. What I liked most about it was that it wasn't overly sweet like a lot of BCP. The star of the dish, though, was the ice cream. When you paired a bite of pie with the ice cream, it was unreal. I could have eaten a whole pint.As a nice closer, they brought over a delicious, cold digestif, with a small brownie.I have found my second "go to" restaurant in Vegas. Highly recommended!
5	We dined here for our anniversary and had a wonderful experience. The food was great. I had the lobster which took me a really long time to eat! The service was excellent and non-intrusive.Although expensive, it was really worth every penny.
5	Crab cakes, fresh clams on the half shell & white wine braised clams, giant prawns, tuna tartar paired with a Malbec Argentinian red wine - all child's play leading to this surf & turf lobster tail & med-rare filet mignon. I'm being treated well! The night topped off with a flourless chocolate cake plus caramel drizzle & espresso chaser. How sweet it is! Of course I didn't pay for the meal so it's easy to give the place 5 stars.
4	Great spot in vegas if you are looking for a delicious seafood meal with a decent selection and enjoyable ambience.  I had the blue prawns with golden couscous and  my friend had the barramundi. Both were excellent. The specialty cocktails were quite tasty and the chef sent out complimentary dessert bites. My only complaint would be the service; the back waiter was helpful but the main server was slow, somewhat rude and  not attentive in the slightest. It was almost 10pm and there were only about 10 tables with guests and at least 8 waiters on staff  I would go back under the assumption that we happened to get the worst waiter in the place. Food was excellent and there a few other dishes I would love to try,
4	Amazing service. Delicious food! Lovely atmosphere! Totally worth it!
4	We had a late dinner here. Between us we had the prawns and the cra cake appetizer for our meal. Both were delicious, but he prawns were to die for! Despite having two servers we still waited almost 15 min before having our drink order taken and there was definitely an air of disappointment when we didn't order apps, two entrees and dessert.
5	This is the first fine dining restaurant I ever went too and I go back as much as possible. I love the atmosphere and I always am impressed at the service. The food and drinks are always phenomenal.
4	We didn't have any food here but had drinks here a couple of times.  The service was solid and the drinks were well done.  Worth checking out for a casual drink before dinner or on your way to a show.
5	I came here a few months ago for restaurant week. I dropped $110 for a prix fixe menu with wine pairing. The sommelier matched great wines with indelible food. The absinthe root beer float sticks out in my mind. That was amazing. I had a piece of everyone's food and it was great.I must say that the wait staff was on top of their game.
5	Ate here during a recent trip to Vegas and left very satisfied. The atmosphere is modern and sophisticated and our waiters were very attentive and friendly. We had the mussels and seafood trio for appetizers. Both were an excellent start to our amazing dinner. The mussels were served in a delicious garlicky broth along with bread. The seafood trio showcased lobster, crab, and shrimp cocktail. In addition to these appetizers we were provided with a complementary tuna tartar appetizer to "wake up" our palettes. For dinner we had the prawns and scallops. Both entrees were outstanding and the perfect amount of food. We skipped dessert but were given a complementary cake pop and virgin white russian.  It satisfied my sweet tooth perfectly. I don't often get to enjoy fine dining, but this restaurant was well worth the price.
5	I recently had a couple business meetings here. This place is fantastic, the service is excellent and apps are so tasty!
5	One of the best meals of my life. Service, food, atmosphere: all perfect.
5	This place is fabulous!  I went with a few friends for my meetup and highly recommend it.  The decor, the service and atmosphere is outstanding.  I can't wait to go back for date night with my husband.
5	outstanding seafood, but don't be afraid to try the chicken
5	Been here a dozen times. Always exceptional service and food!! Absolutely phenomenal.
5	This was our first time at AquaKnox.  It was first class all the way.  Jesse was our waiter; he did a fantastic job, as did the sommelier (a woman whose name escapes me right now).  The entire staff was fantastic.
3	I had just arrived to spend three nights at the Palazoo and decided to try this place because it was restaurant week. The complimentary bread was very hard, day old bread? Probably the worst bread I have ever had a restaurant. Wait..the food got a lot better after that. I tried the peach, tomoate and mozzarella salad. The cheese was the softest mozzarella I have ever had, very creamy consistency. The gave just enough for the salad. The salad was different beacuse of the peaches. I think I would have liked it more if it had been more traditional without the peaches though.My date had the lobster bisque. There was hardly any lobster bits in it, but the soup had a nice flavor.For the main course, I had the rib cap steak. It was a smaller cut, 8oz. It was served with crispy thin onion rings, mashed potatoes and a sauce. I really liked eating the steak with the onion. The steak was really prepared and very tender. I had asked for medium rare and my date had asked his steak to be medium. They brought out bought at medium. The did quickly replace mine though. I figured they must have had another medium rare one that had just been completed?For dessert we had the Belgian Chocolate Smores. The dessert is very rich, I could only eat half of it. The marshmellows were made of a paste instead of an actually marshmellow, which I think would have worked better. The paste was pretty firm. The service was nice, there s a waiter and a food runner/water replinsher that helped alot. We say him way more than our waiter. The chef and manager both stopped by briefly to ask how things were.Overall, we had a good experience. I don't think I will be back as there are many other restaurants in Vegas that I would like to try. If you want steak you must go to Gordon Ramsey's STEAK in the Paris hotel!!
1	Awful seafood. A small group of us stopped by for a quick bite of their oysters and scallops before heading to another hotel. Everything was incredibly salty and had a fishy after taste. It made us think they over-salted everything to mask the poor quality and freshness of the seafood. The waiters proceeded to say the saltiness was from the ocean, but c'mon salty to the point it made your face pucker??  They ended up comping us on the inedible items, which was nice... but definitely won't be coming back.
5	This place is amazing and I'll just start by saying I know good seafood very well since  from Boston and used to eating on cape cod and right on the bay In the city. You have to try the lobster bisque! It's incredible that alone would bring me back.For dinner I had the prawns my cousin had the fish soup and my boyfriend got a steak. Everything was AMAZING and cooked to perfection . Each dish had so much flavor some of the best food I have ever put in my mouth they know what they are doing in that kitchen!Make sure you save room for desert too the bread pudding is to die for. My mouth is watering just writing this review I can't wait to go back and try everything else. It's kind of pricey but you really do get what you pay for at this place, worth every penny. Not only was the food amazing but the service was just as good. So friendly and more than happy to take the time to explain everything on the menu. They knew it was my cousins birthday so they sent us out some complimentary bday shots for us and wrote happy birthday on her dessert it was too cute! It was also my cousins last night in town before heading back to Boston and she told us it was the best restaurant she's ever been to! Made us so happy we could end her trip with such a perfect night :)
4	Seriously good food and great service. Top-notch.I was here for LV restaurant week with a large dinner party, and what impressed us the most about our experience here was the service and excellent timing of everything. We were here for a leisurely and elegant meal, which we definitely received. The servers were accommodating, friendly and knowledgable!I ordered the prix-fix 3-course meal which included:1. Little Bite - Fried Risotto (tiny and crispy, but lite on the flavor)2. Appetizer - Peach Caprese (delicious with a great blend of flavors...if only there was a little more avocado!)3. Palate cleanser - Oyster! Free! (while I don't like oysters, the fact that it came with the meal was a pleasant surprise!)4. Main - Prime Rib Cap Steak (cooked well, yummy onion rings, not the best steak ever, but well prepared)5. Dessert - Belgium Choc Smores (MEHHHH, I was not a fan, but many of my fellow diners loved it)Overall, I was impressed with the food, decor, and above all else, the service.
4	Ordered the prawns and scallops. The scallops was amazing. The prawns was cooked to perfection but did not like it much. For the price I would recommend another location. Pretty pricey. The service was great though.
5	The best shrimp and grits ever! The service and food were amazing. I will definitely be visiting every time I go to Vegas.
3	I would recommend the lobster and the John Dory. I always love the amuse bouche that is presented, and the different sauces that are offered with the oysters. I don't like the fact that if you bring your own bottle of champagne they put it in the back for you at all times, don't offer you a chiller for it. I was allowed a bottle of Crystal and I assumed it would be placed in a bucket of ice beside my table at the time of my meal like I have seen with the one that are placed on an ice bucket with a holder next to the table. My bottle of Crystal was kept in the back, and it pissed me off when I told the waiter you should try this vintage, it's awesome. He told me I already tried some of yours in the back. I was really pissed, but dinner was comp'd because I gamble a lot. The food is well presented and the quality is of the highest. On one occasion when I was having clams, I got a mouth full of sand and it was disgusting.
5	Another GREAT EXPERIENCE at AquaKnox!  Michelle and the Staff made the Night Rock ALL NIGHT!  My wife and I have been coming here for years, every time we are in Vegas, and every December for our Anniversary.  We are always so impressed with the Food and Service.  This time we decided to celebrate my Best Friends 50th birthday here, and everyone was amazed with the food.  The Oysters, are magnificent, the Crab Stuffed Lobster is of Course the Highlight but not only is their Seafood Incredible they Steaks are comparable if not better than most top steakhouses in Vegas, go for the FILET MIGNON or my favorite, the AQUAKNOX STEAK OSCAR.  Thank you again guys for a memorable night, my friends are telling everyone now.  Our friends were so impressed they are all coming back this December with us celebrate our Anniversary, A Party of 6 for the Wine Room Celebration!
4	I went here on a date with my boyfriend while visiting La Vegas last weekend. I was really extremely happy with the great service. Everyone was very polite and cheerful, although we were probably one of the last parties of the night. For appetizer, we shared the clams. THEY WERE THE BEST PART OF DINNER. The clams were cooked just how I like them and the broth it comes in is "to die for". Don't forget to ask for extra bread for the broth, trust me you'll want it. I ordered the barramundi, and I must say that it was cooked to perfection. The potato puree was super smooth and tasted awesome with the light dressing on it. My boyfriend ordered some sort of shrimp dish, and he said that he liked it. Everything tasted fresh and flavorful.We decided on not ordering dessert because we were too full, but they brought us a complimentary one anyway. They served us "adult milk and cookies". it came with a small fresh baked cookie and a shot glass filled with what I think was a mixture of milk, sugar, cinnamon, and rum. It was super yummy and was just the right sweetness.All together I believe our bill was just over $90 for the two of us. I had a great experience at AquaKnox, but the reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of the placement of the restaurant. It is placed in an open area where you can hear all the hustle and bustle of the slot machines and night clubs, and the only thing that would have made that dinner absolutely perfect was if the restaurant was more secluded and romantic. Other than that, I have no complaints.
5	Nothing compares. By far one of the BEST fine dining experiences in Las Vegas. The food and service are beyond comprehension.  Just phenomenal.
5	I've had many great meals in my life, but this evening at AquaKnox was easily in the top five.  Great food. Great drinks. Great service. Great atmosphere.  And most of all, great company!  Truly the bee's knees!
5	Took my boyfriend here for his birthday. It was our first time here and we loved it. The service was the best I've had In a while. The food was fantastic! Beautiful atmosphere! They even brought out a little birthday dessert with two shots. Highly recommend!
3	The bartenders were excellent, then we moved to our table where the waiter was excellent, Scott the sommelier was useless (aren't they supposed to like talking about wine?) The lobster bisque was stellar, as others have noted.  Hubs crab cake was good.  Then the kitchen stopped cold.  Nothing came out for ages.  Waiter assured us 'soon' but it wasn't.  When we got our entrees they were good, but tarnished by the excessive wait.  I had the barramundi which had delish crispy skin but piled with pickled veg that really didn't complement the fish.When we declined dessert, we gotta weird combo of a petit four and a mojitos hot that did not go together at all and was dropped quickly in front of us by a runner who seemed to be having a shitty night.The restraint wasn't crowded and I can see why.  I'd hit the bar for its excellent bartenders, but skip the dining room.
3	Came here for two birthdays, service was a bit slow =(, the food was pretty good but service definitely could have been a bit better. We also got nothing for both our birthdays (it really was both our birthdays, no lie) which I was a bit disappointed with.We got the crabcake which was definitely amazing as an appetizer and then got Wild Alaskan Halibut, Aquaknox Fish Soup both which were pretty good I will say. The atmosphere was a bit more casual than i expected (I was in a suit and felt a bit overdressed) but overall not a bad dining experience.
5	Best dinner we had during our trip to Vegas. Went there for my boyfriend's birthday and it was just PERFECT.Starting from chef Jimmy to the sommelier and the waiters staff, everything was amazing!!!! We had a testing menu with wine pairing. Each dish was perfectly cooked and attentively described by our waiter. ( i truly apologize that i don t remember names, so sorry) . His assistant was a sweet girl and she was making sure the table was always clean and ready for next course. I can t thank them enough for the delicious food and the great service they provided us on that special occasion. Hope we can come back soon to Vegas to enjoy Aquaknox again.
5	Perfection! Food was amazing, I got the Pacific White Prawns, delightful! My husband had the Baramundi which was amazing too! We had the sommelier select a bottle, he made a great selection that paired with both our dishes, good man! The service was top notch and not stuffy, the room is beautiful this is a gem in the Venetian, heck all of Las Vegas, it is sublime. We live in Vegas and often skip the strip, but Aquaknox is an experience we can't wait to repeat!
5	Me and my wife had a lovely dinner here.. Jessie was our server who took real good care. Suggested some good food and all the servers and staff were servicing with a smile .. I would go here again though people think it's pricy but to me it's priced right and value for a fresh food. Peruvian Sea bass was the best.
5	Food was absolutely incredible and so was the service. I highly recommend the grilled octopus to start.
5	Invited to experience the skills of new Executive Chef Deric Meininger by Aquaknox General Manager Robert Menefee it was just after the restaurant's 5:30pm opening on Saturday that four friends sat down in the Forbes 4-Star establishment, and treated to a seven course tasting intended to showcase the newly crafted menu during one of Las Vegas' slowest weekends it is a wonder that the restaurant has flown under my radar for so long.Owned by a restaurant group but lacking the marquee of much of The Venetian's celebrity chef offerings Aquaknox is the sort of restaurant many may walk past without even giving a second thought, yet much like Bartolotta at the Wynn those lucky enough to take the plunge are rewarded by refined environs, exemplary service, and the sort of seafood not commonly thought of in the middle of the desert, an opening amuse of raw dayboat scallops atop a crispy base both creamy and sweet while a follow-up oyster trio presented three varieties of briny bivalves in manners intended to highlight the best of each - the simple shooter especially impressive with a sweet start giving way to salinity before dissipating in a trail of heat.Offered a complimentary wine pairing from which three of us opted for very small pours it was with course two of the tasting that the menu first veered from the ocean and spontaneously created to compliment an apricot and pear heavy Riesling a thick slice of liver shined, the caramelized exterior and smooth sapor finding surprising balance in cocoa tones reined in by the vegetal gastrique while crispy brioche and candied nuts added plenty of texture, the sorbet seemingly unnecessary to the plate but well placed when considering the wine.Visited more than once by Chef Meininger, a quiet man despite recent stays in the kitchens of Gordon Ramsay, course three was the only item of the evening not of his own creation and considered a staple since the restaurant's inception the Aquaknox Fish Soup was every bit the signature it is billed to be, the spicy saffron broth bathing no less than a half-dozen varieties of seafood with pearls of fregula adding additional texture as top notes of pepper permeated the palate without overwhelming at all.Again showing a deft hand with sea-life, both hearty and delicate, plates four and five featured fish, crustacean, as well as mollusk and with the meaty Wahoo delicately perched atop a rich ragout lightened by fruity chutney the "surf and surf" proved even more inspired as snappy prawns and a buttery scallop were each highlighted by their accoutrements, the former leaning slightly Mediterranean while the later took a more French approach - the finishing vinegar an especially welcomed addition atop the creamy squash base.Taking a chance in finishing with beef it was with another trio that savories wound up and although the Ribeye proved a bit tougher than any of us would have preferred both the Filet and the Strip were fork tender and nicely seasoned, the flavor imbued by peppers and onions allowing the meat to stand up to the booming Cave Blend served alongside.Once again intending to showcase the restaurant's best items it was to a triplet of tasters alongside one central plate that we were treated for dessert and with a delicious yet heavy Tawny guiding the way not a single item of the group was less than exemplary, the stunning key lime presentation as light as a cloud while banana cream pie was presented as a sort of Mille-Feuille, the bread pudding trending more like spongecake with rich butterscotch notes flooding the palate in each bite.Undoubtedly receiving VIP treatment, but witnessing every table around us treated nearly the same, it was after a short tour of the restaurant that our meal would end and with espressos and teas served alongside a duo of sweet n' spicy mignardises it can only be said that Aquaknox more than exceeded expectations - a return visit for some a la carte options, the wood oven lobster, and a full-sized bread pudding inside the temperature controlled wine chamber almost inevitable to occur in the months to come.
5	Simply put, one of the best new American seafood restaurants in Vegas today.Keeping it real, skip the lounge that I have always recommended.  Menu changes no longer make it the place to grab a quick bite.  Opt for the comfortable, contemporary ambiance of the main dining room instead.  While the executive chef has changed, taking with him the best of the best, enough remains and new dishes added that still carry the cuisine.In general, seafood is very fresh and always perfectly cooked.  Never any albumin on fillets.  No bouncing scallops or shrimp.Top starters include an outstanding wild blue crab cake (very little filler, dusted in flour and fried crisp served with a chayote slaw and a gently spiced creole remoulade).  Very well balanced dish with great texture, sweetness paired with an acidic punch.  The Maine lobster louie also excellent with just cooked through, firm and sweet lobster with traditional veg (I'm not a bunny but this is good).  A kicked up, creamy 1,000 island dressing and heirloom tomatoes with greater acidity and lower sweetness truly compliment the lobster.Mains are simple but perfectly executed.  A perfectly pan roasted, moist, Alaskan halibut pairs perfectly with the chili flavor of a piquillo pepper relish.  The fish soup outstanding.  A acidic tomato base, the hint of saffron and perfectly cooked chunks of lobster, firm john dory, tender PEIs, briny clams, and sweet prawns.   A porcini dusted, perfectly cooked moonfish served with a red wine reduction dashi sauce is incredible for it's complexity and depth of flavor.  Mushroom and fish?  It works with the earthiness adding an unexpected umame finish.  Finally, the Georges Bank Scallops with blood orange butter, amazing.  Perfectly seared and cooked just through.  Incredibly sweet.  The blood orange butter adding even more richness and acidity to brighten the dish further.  Yes there are sides but who cares.  The scallops are the focus.Outstanding service.  Very friendly, efficient, and accommodating.  Some dishes were shared, portions divided and individually plated in the kitchen.  Very good wine list heavily centered around whites that pair perfectly with their cuisine.  Vegas resort markup.When it comes to Aquaknox, remember the dieters mantra, "when you see food, eat it!"
5	Each year at CES #LenovoCES holds it nigthly parties for customers and friends to enjoy and this places rocks the house for Lenovo the food is great and the staff very friendly.
