5	I command you to order a bundt cake here for your next party.I got one for a birthday.I was hesitant.  I didn't know what a bundt cake was really.... I just saw pics and thought they looked super neat!OMGSOOOO GOOOOOOD!!!!!I'd like to try one in each flavor.  Honestly.  So good. They all have cream cheese frosting.  Which is my favorite.I chose red velvet cake with chocolate chips.  It was soooooooooooo moist and delicious.  I love this place.I command you to try it so you can agree with me.
5	Want to impress someone?  Order them a Nothing Bundt Cake pronto!  The bundt cakes are absolutely the prettiest and yummiest dessert that can be delivered to the recipients door.  The cake is moist and heavenly tasting.  The cream cheese frosting is SCRUMPTIOUS and the whole concept is just too cute to pass up.EAT SOME BUNDT CAKE NOW.It's just kinda funny that it's a bundt cake, you don't see many bundt cakes around these days.
5	I'm in love.  Totally, completely in love with the bundt cakes here.  Especially the chocolate....which I could sit on my lap and eat with a fork for a few hours.  Mmmmmmm!  It's so rich and moist, with chocolate chips mixed in and thick cream cheese frosting.  Yummmmyyy!!  Anywho.I was introduced to Nothing Bundt Cakes through my roommate's mother, who sent her one for her birthday.  Since then, we've ordered them for any special event or birthday.  I've been to this store in Ahwatukee and the new one in North Scottsdale.  Both stores are small but adorable, with some extras for sale like t-shirts and cards.  You can choose from the larger cakes, which you should order ahead of time, and then the small individual sizes if you want to try a new flavor or have just had a bad week.   :)I believe they do delivery now too, to a limited area.  Very cute idea for a birthday, holiday, or special occassion!
1	Now don't get me wrong, the cakes are absolutely gorgeous and they are moist, but they are cloyingly sweet and "single noted". With the rave reviews they had I thought I would splurge and pick one up for a family get together, but I was sorely disappointed. I could have made the same (or better) from a packaged cake mix and saved the $35.
1	You can get a better cake at Safeway for half the price (and I am not really a big fan of Safeway cake, but you get my point).  This place is a joke - don't believe the hype. Stay away from the overly-sugary nasty baked thing that does not deserve to be called 'cake'. Don't eat the free tasters, don't fall for the packaging and the fancy looking bakery. If you are this desperate for cake, seriously, just go to Safeway.
1	Just had some about 5 minutes ago. No.
5	Wow, I just have to say that after reading some of the negative reviews here, I was compelled to defend my favorite guilty pleasure in Ahwatukee! All you have to know is that the cakes are fabulous. Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous. And more importantly, they are consistently fabulous. You always know that the cake you are buying is going to be the same impeccable quality as it was the last time you had it. Look, here's a top tip: GO IN AND TRY A FREE SAMPLE. The proof is in the pudding! ;-) .... er, frosting.
1	A friend bought a red velvet cake for a party.  Under duress I took a bite to be polite.  It was everything I dreaded and more.  This time it was also gummy and stuck to the roof of my mouth.  The gift that keeps on giving.
5	I love the Red Velvet cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes.  I'm hoping to have it again for my birthday.  They are a bit pricey but soooo sweet and yummy.  They also do a great job with presentation.  I just wish they were located in central phx.
4	Based on previous reviews and my lack of bakery knowledge, I purchased a Red Velvet cake for my girlfriend's birthday. I had never tried this type of cake before, so I have nothing to compare it to, BUT is was a huge success. You can call in a special order, or like me, you can just show up and purchase one of their bundt cakes, as is. One thing that I wish I had known before hand is that they have mini bundt cakes that cost around 4 bucks each. I almost wish I had bought several of the minis, that way we could've tried multiple flavors, such as carrot, pineapple upside down, the red velvet, some sort of white cake as well as a chocolate cake.As it were, the birthday girl served up slices of the Red Velvet cake to friends and everyone loved it. One even exclaimed that it was the best ever. I will purchase cakes from here every single time there is a need, or even when there is not a need but we're craving some yummy cake.
4	the cake was everything i expected and more. red velvet (aka heaven) tons of gooey white drizzle and beautifully decorated. all of our guests loved it. actually they were raving. screw the occasion, the cake took center stage. i was in heaven. i can almost taste it as i type. ridiculously expensive cake? absolutely. but worth every penny.
5	Bought a White White Chocolate cake from here yesterday, really delicious, really super moist and their signature frosting is the best cream cheese tasting frosting I've ever tasted.  The store closes at 6 p.m. and we were stuck in traffic so we called and told them we'd be a little late and they were super understanding, they had GREAT customer service and were super nice when we got there at 6:07 to pick up the cake.  My only gripe is that the cake didn't taste like white chocolate at all, just like white cake, but the most delicious white cake I've ever had! I've had a mini bundt chocolate chocolate chip from here before also and it was very good. Their prices are actually super reasonable too!
5	I took my kids and it was fantastic.  They had samples of the chocolate chocolate chip cake and it was to die for!!  Both my girls ordered a mini one of those.  My son got cinnamon and I got Red Velvet.  I think the chocolate chocolate chip was the best.$4 for a mini and it is plenty for two.
4	I'm no baker or pastry chef or chocolatier or whatever but I enjoy eating cakes, pastries and chocolates. So that should count for something.That being said, I like NBC cakes, they're moist, very nice flavor and while sometimes the frosting can be a bit too much, is still good.I really like the red velvet ( I had better, but theirs is still good), marble and lemon ones.  I like the mini bundt cakes, you can try them before splurging on a big one. I do find the cakes expensive but not in a " I wouldn't spend my money ever on one of these cakes!" expensive. Good for a special occasion.
5	They now have pumpkin spice bundt cakes available - in the mini bundtlet too!  I was told it's such a favorite they are offering it through the holidays - go get one!!  Yummmmy!
5	Loved the cake. Everyone was very impressed with the size, quality and taste of the cake. We ordered a full size red velvet bundt cake with the bday boy design. It served 12-14 people with a bit left over. Will definitely be using this company again!
1	I didn't like this place. Red Velvet cake is my favorite, so me and my boyfriend are always trying to find a good one. First of all, this place looks more like a boutique than an actual cake place. Second of all, the Red Velvet didn't even taste like Red Velvet. It just taste like a bland chocolate cake.
5	Who knew a Bundt cake could be so delish? Everything about this Bundt cake is excellent it is also very moist. My favorite flavor is the Chocolate, Chocolate Chip. The  frosting is also yummy and you have the choice of how much frosting you want on the Bundt cake. The other flavor's are pretty good as well, the decoration's are very cute. First time I tried this place was actually in Las Vegas and I was hooked, so when it was my Bro's B-day I discovered they had a location near his home and had a Bundt cake delivered to him for his B-day. I have ordered many Bundt cakes from this location for several occasions and events or jut when ever I'm craving a yummy treat, The Minis are also good...
4	I have heard about the fabulous bundtlet cakes and with a birthday celebration last week, figured it was the perfect time to try them!  I walked in and there were two ladies ahead of me ordering their cake.  The nice man behind the counter welcomed me and offered samples of the red velvet cake, to which I replied "oh no."  That was "oh no" as in "I wish you hadn't told me." Not as in "No, thank you."  =)  As I sprinted (okay, stepped) over to get my sample, I could tell by the confused looks that they all misunderstood my reply.  We all had a quick chuckle.The guy was very nice, however a few people walked in behind me and I could tell he wanted to get me on my way, I almost felt rushed . . . not quite, but almost.  I didn't expect a steady stream of people on a Wednesday afternoon.  After a few minutes of debating, I ended up with the Chocolate Chocolate Chip and the Pecan Praline.Turns out, after the big birthday dinner at The Keg (http://www.yelp.com/biz/keg-steakhouse-and-bar-chandler#hrid:Pmx6mtZL2orxMYVvTiHApg), we didn't have room to eat the bundtlet that night. Decided to bust it out the next day, and even right out of the refrigerator, this was super moist and delicious!!  The "signature" cream cheese frosting was perfect!  SO YUMMY!!NBC is now one of my favorite places for a sweet treat to-go.  It is going to be very hard to not stop here every time I drive by.  Then again, maybe it will make dealing with the crowds (and parking lot) at Target a little easier.
5	Oh so good! They even have little $4 cakes!
5	Red velvet is to die for! Best cake you will ever have! They have mini bundt cakes and its very hard to drive by the store without stopping and getting one! Best way to satisfy your sweet cravings!
5	By far, one of the best bakeries in AZ. We used to order these cakes for B Day celebrations at the last place I worked. My fav was the lemon poppyseed with buttercream frosting. I am not even much of a fan of lemon cake but this one is delicious. Also great are the carrot cake and the chocolate chocolate chip. Not only are the cakes delicious, they are visually beautiful as well. The cakes cost a bit more than if you went to a grocery store bakery, but its worth it!
5	This is definately an as good as it gets review.  I received a mini - bundt cake for Secretary's day.  The cake is moist and has a great homemade flavor that reminded me of a cake that my mom makes.  Thank you Suz!
4	One of the best bundt cakes or cake in general around.  The cream cheese frosting really makes this cake.  The cake is moist but the frosting just knocks it out of the park.  I usually get the mini cake or if you can get the baby bundts which are bite sized and always a big hit at parties.  They come in beautiful party box and could not be tastier expressions of your affection.  Always serve the cake room temperature but I do pick up a couple at a time and put them in the fridge or freeze them if they last that long.  Of course they are on the sweet side, it is cake after all, but worth every bite.  They are a perfect treat to share with that special someone (you have to really really like them though to share these tasty guys) but when I don't feel like baking I'll make the drive to this friendly store and pick up as many as I can.The lemon poppy seed is beautifully balanced.  Red Velvet is a crowd pleasure, but my favorite is the carrot cake.  Ribbons of cream cheese frosting gild the lily on a cake that it not too heavily spiced and not too healthy tasting.  Hungry just thinking about it...
4	Do not go there if you are on a diet. I wondered how a place could stay in business selling Bundt cakes. Well, one taste showed me how. The carrot cake (small one) is very very good for breakfast with a cup of coffee. The chocolate cakes have gotten rave reviews when I have taken them for desserts. The chocolate cakes at home have caused my children and others to rush through dinner just to get to dessert. These are not to die for cakes but they are fun and yummy.
5	Have you ever had a Nothing Bundt Cake??? If not you are a fool. They have the best cakes on the planet. From the different flavs (red velvet choc chip is my fav) to the cream cheese frosting, nothing beats it. We get a 10in for every family members b-day, and for holidays we do the mixed bundlets box...you can't go wrong with these..I just introduced my co-workers to these cakes and they are crazy for it now...To die for, they have white chocolate raspberry, red velvet, chocolate chip, carrot, marble, pecan pralines, lemon...just to name a few, if you haven't tried them out, GO!!! NOW!!! get a mini and tell me I am wrong!!! They also have great service, friendly and outgoing I am just happy with thoughts of their cakes.
5	Simply the best!!
5	I probably will never buy a cake from anywhere else.  I am totally spoiled. I was treated like a Queen, the shop itself is lovely, and the cake??? OMG!!  I've tried two now, and both were beyond delicious. I bought one small one for my husband for our anniversary and another large one for my daughter's birthday.  It didn't just taste amazing, they took such care in wrapping and appearance.  The customer service is the best I've experienced since I've moved here.  Price? I thought it would be along the same line as the cakes I used to buy in KC where I moved from.  Nope, not as much.  The prices are great.  I LOVE this place!!!!
5	Just strolled into this place the other day, and OMG, I am so happy I found it! This is where we will be getting cakes from now on. The two kinds I sampled were moist and just like the ones Mom used to make when I was a kid. The frosting is delicious! Can't beat it! My hubby isn't a sweet fanatic, but his "one bite" turned into two, three, then four, and he's a harder judge on sweets than I am. We will definitely be back and can't wait for an opportunity to purchase a cake as a gift and see the person's reaction. I love that they are located in other states and that they deliver, which I think will come in handy for special occasions. Rocky was very nice and explained their cake options during my first visit in and then remembered me on my second visit. Very personalized service and no pushy sales tactics. Love it!
3	This cake is ok, but nothing special. The frosting is tasty but the cakes come with a LOT of it on there, although you can request a cake with less frosting and they're happy to oblige. I've tried the chocolate chocolate chip, red velvet chocolate chip, lemon, and white chocolate raspberry and none of them have blown me away. Ultimately, they just taste like fancied up box mix cake.For the price, you are better off going to Whole Foods or AJ's Fine Foods - they usually have a fabulous pastry case in their stores, many of the pastries from local businesses that make everything from scratch.
4	I love these cakes - great flavor, moist, sweet frosting, over all delicious.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  However I only gave 4 stars because the store is closed on Sunday, the day I usually crave their cake!
4	After a long trip to the nearby Hobby Lobby, I was looking for a treat before my 25 minute drive home.  Nothing Bundt Cakes is conveniently located amist all kinds of shopping. When I walked in I was greeted by a young girl with a smile, who seemed to really want to help me get what I needed.  They had samples of their flavor of the month, which was White Chocolate Blueberry.  Absolutely heavenly!!  I ended up buying 3 of the bundtettes.  Chocolate chocolate chip, white chocolate blueberry, and cinnamon swirl.  I go nuts for anything cinnamon, so that was a front runner for me.  Perfect balance of cinnamon and cake.  Chocolate one was just a little too chocolately for my liking, but moist and tasty nonetheless.  The -1 star is only because I think they are a little pricey.  But for the occasional treat, I won't complain!
5	Amazing, moist and delectable little creations! I ordered a mix of bundtini's to take on a girls trip last week, and these mouth-watering treats did not stand a chance!  We devoured all 12 of them in no time.  The dozen came with a mix of flavors allowing me to experience heaven in my mouth, again, again and again!  My favorite was the white chocolate raspberry with white chocolate frosting, although the lemon was also superb.  While waiting to pick up my box, I also had the opportunity to try a (few) samples of the blueberry cake with white chocolate frosting, it was like a blueberry muffin, but soooo much better!  If you can't tell by the over use of exclamation points in my review, this place is a Must! Must! Must try!
3	After attending a party catered by Nothing Bundt Cakes and tasting about five mini-bundt cakes for dessert, the only thought I was left with was..."Why am I eating tiny bundt cakes?"There's nothing unique about them, it's more as if you're eating an oddly-shaped cupcake with frosting that doesn't really fit on it. Plus, the flavors ran together while I was tasting them. If the white chocolate raspberry didn't have two raspberries in it, and the blueberry didn't have two blueberries in it, I'm pretty sure the white chocolate, blueberry, and white chocolate raspberry would all have tasted exactly the same. The lemon lacked tang, and tang-less lemon is like peanut-less butter as far as I'm concerned... I can't and I won't. Red velvet already doesn't taste like much, so the fact that it tasted like nothing didn't really cost them any points. Finally, the chocolate chip left me digging for chips, which is degrading and upsetting. All a girl really wants is some chocolate chips - is that too much to ask?Don't get me wrong, they weren't bad, they just weren't... anything, really. Maybe it's because I've only had the mini's, but my main feeling on Nothing Bundt Cakes thus far is just... "Why?" or "No. I want pie."
5	If you have a cake craving go here.  Their cakes are some of the best I have ever had. They have mini-bundt cakes so you don't actually have to buy a whole cake so you can feel better about it.  Do yourself a favor and get the white chocolate raspberry bunt cake. It tastes like a really amazing cousin of a jelly doughnut.Great place even if it makes you feel a bit guiltyTry:- White Chocolate Raspberry Cake ( A +++ )
5	Cute name, cute store, and cute, moist, DELICIOUS bundt cakes...nothing more could make me happier! I found out about Nothing Bundt Cakes when my cousin picked out a lemon cake with cream cheese icing for a family gathering. Not only is that one of my favorite cake combinations, but it was one of the best cakes I have ever eaten. It was incredibly moist and very addicting- I could not stop going back for more!You MUST try a bundt cake from here; you don't know what you're missing! They even have small bundtlets so you can enjoy a single size bundt cake!
4	OH WOWI haven't written about this place yet?? CRAZY!Let me just say first and foremost. Their Cakes are Delicious/Decadent Rich and Moist and Packing Flavor!!! (depending on which flavors i should say though)For example my personal favorites would have to be their white white chocolate, Red velvet being my ultimate favorite, and their seasonal  flavors in the fall.  Do not go anywhere else for red velvet. Every time i crave it and don't feel like baking it myself i just run to this same location and buy a little personal bundt size for about $3-4 or so.  It is addicting, I have tried red velvet from other bakeries such as Frys, Bashas, Safeway etc etc and no one nearly comes close.As far as service go its hit or miss, I am in and out fast so i don't take time to really pay attention to their attitude but its never bad enough for me to knock them for it this time.  But that's doing a lot to get me to that point. You can read my other reviews for places that have severely poor service in the east valley and its pretty minimal i would say. Price wise for larger cakes is a little steep and i say this because if i wanted to replicate the cakes i can do it if i really wanted too its way too easy for me.  I have never bought a size larger than the personal size just because they are asking for way to much when i can make the same cake if not better for half the price.;]
3	I ordered the cinnamon swirl cake for my birthday. I guess I was expecting a "wow" cake flavor but I have to admit the cake I had from Safeway earlier in the day was more moist and flavorful. We were told to remove the cake from the refrigerator 1 hour before eating it. I think our cake was frozen ahead of time because this cake was so cold after an hour it didn't taste good at all. Too expensive. Going back to Safeway!
5	Yummy!! Great gifts for clients and good service:)
5	Ordered the Red Velvet to take to a party and it was perfect. Moist, delicious, balanced out exquisitely by the cream cheese frosting, everything a red velvet cake should be. They have other tempting flavors but those will have to wait for another day. Dangerous that they have mini ones, it'll be way too easy to talk myself into those when I have a craving!
5	First off, Rocky, the owner, is such a nice guy! I bought a dozen Bundtinis (Red Velvet, Lemon,  White White Chocolate, and something else) for another meeting i was going to.I travel a lot for work and am always looking for new 'goodies' to bring in to the meeting we are having. The small Bundtinis were perfect! Super moist, the frosting is amazing and the bite-sized cakes are impossible for anyone to pass up.Wonderful service and the next time I'm in Phoenix I will definitely be coming back to this establishment.Thanks Rocky.Kellen
5	My boyfriend and I have passed this place countless times and this time we decided to go inside and check it out. When we first walked in we had a sample of the pumpkin spice and wow!  YUM. So moist and sweet. We ended up buying two of the smaller cakes, lemon and pecan praline. Like I said, moist and sweet wonderfulness!!Lemon was our favorite and we're stopping by in the near future to try the chocolate flavor and the raspberry cakes!!
5	I do not like cake much. Its fatty, and you feel bad eating one piece, let alone going for seconds....that is unless you have THESE CAKES. Nothing Bundt Cakes has probably the most moist (YES I GOT TO SAY MOIST) cakes I have ever laid my teeth on. There is not a single thing about the cakes they have here that is not short of outstanding. The frosting is out of this world, the choc chips they add in to most cakes is a clever and tasty surprise, and you get so much for what you pay for. The Red Velvet Cake is probably the hands down best they have, although you can't go wrong.I am not sure how much more I can say, other than you just have to try the cakes. Oh, they have great service and their turn-around time is great. Yea I have exhausted all I possibly can. Its simple, to the point. My fiance and I concur this place is so good, that we will be going to this place for our wedding cake, its that good!Finally,  I must say that I have to stay as far away from here as possible, for fear that I will eat...wait for it... nothing bundt cakes. See what I did there?Did ya see it?Good... Now go try their cakes!
4	I adore buying these cute little bundles of bundts for little somethings for the specials in my life. They are always fresh and always unique. Cute and seemingly flavorful. I recently was told , "NO gluten"...that is tough! SO I do my best. SO I use the excuse to buy a bundt for someone else. The staff here is always adorned in cuteness of apron! Willing to let you taste.... they have a flavor of the day and the shop is too adorable. They will box the cake up and adorn it all adorable with a flower. Too cute! I am over cute'ing this review... but you get it by now!
5	This place has the best cakes I have ever eaten. I used to live in the area and would pass by it but never went in. One of my friends bought me the red velvet cake for my birthday two years ago and I devoured it. It was so delicious and even had chocolate chips in it. My fiance and I are planning on having these cakes for our wedding cake. The staff is always helpful and they have cakes for every occasion. Sure there is a big hole in the middle of it and it doesn't look like the typical cake but WOW is all I can really say except get here and try a sample!
4	Cute little bundt shaped cake in cupcake size! I tried the red velvet and turtle flavors which were similar but I liked the turtle more because it has nuts. I'm a texture person, so I love the contrast between the moist cake and the chewy nuts in this flavor. The shop is charming and th service was friendly. They usually have samples of a flavor out for you to try, too!
4	We received some mini bundt cakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes as a gift. The small size made them very cute, and the cake was moist, rich, and indulgent.
5	Red Velvet is to die for!
4	I know this is chain but I do enjoy this little shop that and is owned and operated by a local Ahwatukee couple (so that has to count for something... Right?). The service is always friendly and they most always have samples of the cakes available. I really like that I don't have to order a big whole cake, instead I can just walk in and buy a mini bundt cake which is about double the size a standard cupcake for only $4. They have so many good flavors that it's hard to choose just one! My favorites are the Lemon, Marble and Red Velvet. One caution I would like to mention is they use the same cream cheese frosting for ALL the cakes, so if you don't like cream cheese you may want to avoid this place like the plague.
5	I love this place! The customer service is out of this world. And every cake is moist and incredibly topped.
5	I like the pun in the name.I like the cake samples in the shop.I like the cute gift ideas and quirky merchandise.I like that the cakes are actually very affordable, especially the small, individual ones (which are still large enough for at least two people, in my opinion).I like the personal service and friendly staff, and also the friendly patrons you can run in to.Nothing Bundt Cakes is perfect for the forgotten (or planned-for, of course!) hostess gift, birthday gift, or other appropriate occasion.  A cake is always well received, and when packaged up so nicely as NBC (not to be confused with the other, less impressive NBC)  does, it is a crowd pleaser for sure.  Red velvet, chocolate, white chocolate and lemon are the old go-to's, but don't forget to try the seasonal flavor!
5	Great product and service. Rocky was wonderful. I took a couple of dozen to a girls softball game in celebration of my step daughter's 13th birthday and they were crazy for them; HUGE HIT!!! A littel expensive but worth it and I do not mind supporting a local couple trying to make their business work when they have great product and service. Definately give it a try if you are looking for something different to take to the office or even to a sporting event.
5	I'm a NJ/NY native and never met a red velvet cake or cupcake that wasn't dry - until now! I first sampled a bite a few months back at a Baby Show where Nothing Bundt Cakes was a vendor. I went back yesterday and got a red velvet bundtlet and it's to die for. I can't wait to go back for other flavors. The storefront was clean and the owner is friendly - five stars!
5	Bored of Cupcakes? I sure am. Try this spot! Here's what's awesome. The cakes are super moist, better than a cupcake. And the frosting...that's the kicker. Cream cheese frosting that isn't overly sweet and overbearing, like most cupcake frostings are. On each of their cakes, this cream cheese frosting actually compliments the cake. I never have to wipe any off, as I do with cupcakes. They have mini cakes which are good for 2 (or 1 if you are a piggy like me) and a mini-bundlet which is basically the size of a cupcake (but way better). The red velvet cake, the chocolate cake, the cinnamon, lemon, all of them are just divine. Buy one for your birthday or any special occasion or just as a treat for your kids or group of friends. They will be Smiling for a long time.
3	A little expensive but the taste is very good! I would go here for a special occasion. The manager here is very customer service oriented.
4	**Full disclosure: My sister is an employee of Nothing Bundt Cakes. However, I have been a customer since the early 2000s ... Long before she was legally able to hold down a job. Can I get an amen for all those cake decorators and sales gals out there?!**I love Nothing Bundt Cakes! Remember the days when it was this store plus one other, so very happy to see that they're expanding. Thankfully, more stores didn't lead to changes in terms of their products, or the personal customer service with a smile.Delicious, moist cakes, meticulously packaged and decorated and to die for cream cheese frosting is what you're getting into. Red Velvet, Chocolate Chocolate Chip and my latest favorite: Turtle (Chocolate, Caramel, Pecan, amazeballs frosting included). You can sample cake flavors before you buy one. There's always a special flavor of the month.Shout out to the baby sis for my beautiful birthday cake this year!You can get a full sized Bundt, or a Bundtlet if you want to provide a friend, coworker, client, etc. with a sweet surprise. Or if you're a piglet like me and just craving some Turtle cake. Boom, roasted!Just remember, "Stressed" is just "Desserts" spelled backwards, so head over to NBC for some sweet de-stressing!
4	I ordered three different flavors for my mothers bday party last week. The owner had no problem scheduling my order on what I believe was a short notice (5 days before the party). I went with red velvet, white chocolate raspberry, and lemon cake. All of the cakes can be described as melt in your mouth moist. Yum! The red velvet was good but I like my red velvet with a little more chocolate taste to it. The white chocolate raspberry was delicious. My favorite was definitely the lemon cake. My husband also favored it as well. I think that the only complaint I would have would be that the cream cheese frosting was too sweet. I could hardly taste the cream cheese in it. Too much sugar. Other than that, I have no complaints. Staff was friendly and helpful.
2	I ordered three mini cakes--carrot cake, lemon cake, and chocolate chip cake.  I tried the carrot cake and the lemon cake.  The carrot cake was dry and flavorless.  Or maybe the abundance of frosting overwhelmed what little flavor the cake had.   The lemon cake was slightly better in terms of flavor, but it was still dry.  My husband said that the chocolate chip cake was underwhelming.  There is too much frosting and not enough cake.  With a mini cake costing $4, I was expecting much better.  Much much better
5	A delicious gift was presented to me from this store -- soo tasty!! Had the marble cake -- wow!! Incredibly soft with that sweet cream cheese icing -- yummy!  Anytime you out looking for a great dessert or even a tasty treat -- go try that marble cake delight!
5	It is really hard for me to purchase any kind of baked goods, more often than not; I can make them better at home.  Nope, not with Nothing Bundt Cakes, the moisture that comes from each cake is wonderful.  The creaminess of the frosting is flawless.  My favorite is the red velvet.  I would not recommend leaving these cakes on the counter.  For some reason the flavor and moisture is better after pulling it from the fridge.  I've also had cakes delivered.  My grandparents loved receiving the mini Bundt varietal pack
3	We found out about Nothing Bundt Cakes as a friend had brought bundtinis to a party. We've since gone back & gotten quite a few different bundtlets. My favorites have been the lemon & red velvet ... I've also tried the chocolate chocolate chip, white chocolate raspberry, & marble which have been good. I'd say that for the size & price of the bundtlet, it's worth it. Like their Facebook page and/or sign up for newsletter as they send out an offer for buy 1 get 1 free bundtlets pretty often!
5	I have been here once and tried the red velvet cake and it was great! If only they were open on Sundays too! :)Will definitely go again.
5	Picked up a cake for my daughters 21st birthday. What you see in the pictures online is definitely what you get.  It was so perfect in every way. The cake itself was so fresh and moist and plenty of frosting for everyone.  Thank you.
5	I ordered nothing bunds cakes for my wedding in October and all the guests loved them! The white chocolate raspberry flavor is AMAZING!!
