5	Upscale combination of French and Southwestern cuisine.  VIncent's has been a staple in AZ for over 25 years.  Expensive but well worth it!
4	Wonderful fine dining experience with an old school feel.  Best wine list EVER!  While the food was delicious, it was somewhat uninspired.  I enjoyed the experience more than the food.
3	While the food remains very good at Vincent's, over the last several years the service has deteriorated significantly.   Stay away on any night when they have a lot of guests if you want your wine glasses refilled, bread refilled, or your main course to show up in a reasonable amount of time.   We used to go to Vincents for various family celebrations but now have crossed it off our list even though the maitre d'hotel did give us free champagne with dessert the last time after we complained about the service.  Try Michael's at the Citadel instead, T Cook's or Mary Elaines (although the latter is considerably more expensive and formal).
5	Vincent's is THE BEST restaurant in Phoenix--hands down.  You could move this restaurant to Manhattan, Las Vegas, San Fran, etc. and it would still be in the upper echelon.  However, in Phoenix it really rises above the pack.This place has food, wine, opulence, service, and atmosphere to deserve this rating.  Very old school type of place with a wine list that took me a few visits to really understand how awesome it is.  Want a 1969 Margaux or a 1982 Chateauneuf?  They have it.  Champagne Rose vintage 1988?  Check.  I ordered a more recent bottle, but it was properly opened, decanted, and my glass was always 1/3 to 1/2 full.I really enjoyed the classic French menu.  My choice of pate, goat cheese salad, and wild boar was just delicious beyond belief.  Perfectly cooked, awesome presentation, and the timing of the courses was impeccable.They have a Southwest-inspired menu as well, and it looked great...
5	Hands down one of the best in Phoenix. Great food and wine.  Service is usually flawless. There is nothing not to like so bring out of towners or someone you care about and they will love you for it!
4	I was surprised here for my birthday and it is a very romantic, old-school, traditional great service kind of place. The low lighting and small dining rooms make for a great ambiance. The dual menus, one french-ish and one southwestern-ish are sort of on odd pair, but it is Scottsdale. The appetizer, shrimp "beinets" were simply breaded, fried and very greasy while the lavender dipping sauce and salad that came along with were much more appealing. Both our entrees were wonderful and perfectly cooked - so well in fact, the sides were essentially meaningless, even though I remember them as fairly good also. So if you find yourself here, keep the Ahi Tuna and the Wild Boar in mind.  The wine menu is extensive and filled with surprises. The wait staff were classic in service, yet easily engaged in conversation and very friendly. They only acted snobby for the people who expected it, we on the other hand provided the Diamondbacks/Rockies scores and had a great time! We ended the night with great Grand Marnier birthday souffles. Great place, people and food - we would go back.
5	Outstanding memories of this place...Valentines Day 1999...Absolutely first class service, highly polished cooking, but very conscious of its Southwestern surroundings, this place still stacks up against the best. If you can deal with amusing and effete clientele (bombed-out Barry Goldwater Republicans) then Vincent's well worth the expense.
5	Just had a wonderful experience here.  Came with a group of 6 people from work.  Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. Loved the fact that the waiter also had a good sense of humor. Always helps when you're at a really nice place and don't quite fit in with all of the bling-bling that goes on at the other tables. Saw THE biggest ring on this woman's finger. I swear her hand must have hurt... although she's probably used to the weight by now...Anyway, back to the food... Ordered the Lobster & Tomato salad with olive oil and lime dressing. I highly recommend it.!! The lobster was delicious and the tomatoes very yummy. I'm kind of a tomato fanatic so  I'm rather picky when it comes to that. Besides the amazing taste, the presentation of all of their food gets another star. The tomatoes and lobster was assembled so it looked like a lobster  - the included the shelled out tail, claws, and head to complete the picture.  The dressing was also very light and the greens very fresh.For my main course I ordered the fish special which tonight was the Char. I'm usually not a big fish person but it was very light and very tasty. It came on top of a risotto with carrots, beets, and string beans on the side. It was in a creamy but light sauce. Now let me tell you about dessert... This place seems like Souffle central. We ordered three different kinds of souffles. But what was awesome is that they went ahead and split it up for us so we can share it easily. Thought this was very considerate and, quite frankly, super cool :)We got the Lemon one that came out looking like a crepe. Imagine super fluffy and light! Made from egg whites, this is probably THE fluffiest dessert I've ever had. We got the Grand Marnier one which was good but not my favorite. Now, if you like your desserts sweet, go for the Raspberry one. It was my favorite :) Very fruity but still light and not too sweet. And as if we didn't have enough desserts, they also gave each one of us our own flourless chocolate cakes which was really delicious. I was initially going to give it 4 stars but what was really awesome is that when the valet guy pulled up the car, I saw that they had put two little bag of cookies in the front console. How awesome is that!? Haven't had any of them yet, but they sure smell good :)Overall great place :)
5	This has to be my absolute favorite for special occasions and all other occasions for that matter. The wait staff is prompt and professional. The food, from beginning to end is overwhelmingly delicious. I love it; the breads, salads, soups, main courses, desserts, wine, drinks. It is all so good. I can't wait to go back, hopefully soon.A couple of years ago, we saw Senator McCain with his wife and 2 other couples there at dinner. Wonder if we will see a blog from him for Vincent's on yelp.com....hmm?
3	Food's good, but I've always considered Vincent's over-rated & over-priced.There are too many excellent restaurants for me to consider it.  If I want that kinda deal, I'll go to Christo's.
5	Long time favorite of my family's.  Go there for all special occasions.  The croissants.... oh the croissants.....Everything is delicious, but I LOVE the black bean soup.  Before I became a vegetarian I always used to get the grilled rack of lamb...  My brother loves egg in a hole.....the corn ravioli is to die for.  Basically, you can't go wrong.  And Vincent, the chef- is a gem.
5	I recently came back with an invitation from Vincent.  It was heaven.  The service was impeccable, wine suggestion appropriate and the food was beyond words to describe.  I am leaving my previous review below so you can see the difference and improvement.  Everything about this visit was warm and inviting.  I wholly recommend you visit if you get the chance. I know that I will definitly want to try their bisto (connected to the restaurant) as well on my next trip down.Another time that I'm sad to give only three stars for a favorite place.  I came back for a visit to AZ after 10 years and this is the place I wanted to see.  I definitly talked it up to my friend and we went on one of my last nights there.The food is so seriously yummy that it takes a couple of seperate menus. The tap water that they served my friend while we waited for our table was horrible.  They did not offer the water that they serve you during dinner.  So ask for the bottled if you go there and have to wait.  You get two servers and they are not always the most coordinated but they get the job done.  I could have done without the server that kept coming to the bar while we were waiting and kept complaining about everything.  The bartender was excellent and will treat you well.Do not go here if you are on a diet or are eating clean.  Go here if you want food cooked in the traditional pound of butter with cream sauces and five courses. Yummy.
4	I knew it was going to be a good wedding party when I saw the Vincent's Van Go parked outside my cousin's house. I didn't know anything about Vincent's, having never heard of it, but the cleverness of a Vincent's Van Go and the cute little van tickled my funny bone. The meal consisted of salads and gourmet pizzas being passed around by wait staff. At first we were confused - no real meal? it turned out that the tray-passed pizzas and buffet salads were plentiful enough so that no one would go hungry. they weren't just standard pizzas - BBQ chicken, ratatouille, margherita, sun dried tomato and avocado, and pepperoni. quite a variation, right? they were good! very good. one of the vincent's people said that they made oer 100 pizzas for the evening, fresh right from their catering van. tasty! likewise, the salads were wonderful. the Cesar salad was right up among the best I've ever had - wonderful delicate flavors, nothing was overpowering but all of the garlic, anchovy, Parmesan could be tasted. nicely balanced, fresh lettuce, wonderful croutons in good proportion to the rest of the salad (don't you hate it when the lettuce-to-crout ratio is off?) it was a very nice meal. very satisfying, very enjoyable. I'd like to visit the actual restaurant to try some other menu items. next time!
5	I really enjoy having Sunday Brunches here.  The outdoor seating is nice when the weather is right; they have set up some canopies so everyone sitting outside can really enjoy the warm weather.  The service is great and everyone is friendly.  The food is full of flavor and the portions are perfect; when you sit down you are served croissants and jam before ordering you meal.  When you think it is done your server brings out dessert for your table; it is always great, making the meal and experiance complete and satisfying.
5	I'm stuffed!  No please, no more food!  Wait, it's free?  You just want to give me extra food because you feel like it?  Alright, I guess I could sacrifice and eat this delicious chocolate cake and free cookies you put in my valeted car!I swear that is how it is every time I dine at Vincent's.  They love providing extra treats which is why this place exceeds five stars.  The food alone is divine!  I love every item on their menu!  The souffles are to die for as well.  But they always seem to go above and beyond every meal.  If only every restaurant had the same level of customer service!
5	What a great place. Another instant top 5 favorite. Loved the food, the staff is wonderful, the whole establishment is quite nice. It is located in a pretty silly place but I love it. The ratatoullie is amazing and don't even get me started on the duck confit. Hands down one of the best meals I have ever had. So good.
4	While I didn't get the authentic Vincent Southwestern French experience (they offer a limited menu in summer...the waiter explained that their regular menu is too wintery and heavy for the summer season), I am still glad I finally made it to this Valley fine dining establishment. We opted for their special "Julia & Julia" $35 3-course prix fixe menu, a great value at a restaurant where entrees alone typically run $35. All but one of the dishes were Julia Child recipes, while the one that wasn't was a dish Chef Vincent cooked for Julia Child many years ago. The dishes were very classic French fare, and all were exceptional. And their croissants...oh my! I could've eaten 10 of them! The service at Vincent's is professional and friendly, if not always the most prompt, while the dining room is Old World elegant (think French Cottage dishes and a player piano). If you've never tried Vincent's or haven't been in a while, I highly recommend taking advantage of this great deal while you can (this August only!).
5	We went for restaurant week and had outstanding service, wonderful food, and reasonbale drink prices.  We really enjoyed beef tenderloin, smoked salmon quesadillas, and pecan pie.  My French Maritini with Grey Goose was awesome for $12.50!  It is a formal setting with low lighting for a nice romantic setting.
4	We came here on a Saturday during Restaurant Week.The service was excellent and very professional.  We received our orders quickly and everything was prepared exactly how we ordered it.I ordered the salad with goat cheese and pears.  It was good.  Not great, but I ate the whole thing so I definitely can't complain!  The goat cheese was delicious and creamy.For my entree, I ordered the beef tenderloin.  It was also delicious!  It came with a small portion of scalloped potatoes, a few green beans, and a few asparagus.  For me it was a perfect portion size, but for anyone else I think it may have been a bit small.  But since it's on the special "Restaurant Week" menu, I'm sure the portions are meant to be smaller.For dessert, I ordered the creme brulee.  It was delicious as well!  The waiter also brought out a chocolate cake/lava cake?  Not sure what it was but it was yummy and served with an ice cream that was very light.  Almost seemed like whipped cream, but it was definitely ice cream.OHHH!!  I almost forgot about the bread!  I loved, loved, loved it!  The butter is the best!  I couldn't quite figure out what is in the butter.  It almost tastes like a cream cheese.  It was wonderful!Overall, everything was good but I don't know if I'd ever rush back.  I have other places I like more, but this was a good restaurant.  I would definitely recommend it to others!
5	I took myself out to dinner tonight to Vincent's on Camelback for restaurant week and I have to say it was great. ServiceJodi -  The General Manager, Fabulous!Alex - I believe that was my main waiters name- great guy but the other guys who brought out my food, filled my tea, and just came to check on my on a regular basis were so great and very thoughtful. I guess they don't get very many ladies dining alone :)FoodWarm Croissants - YUMMY! So very good.First Course -Ratatouille Tart with Parmesan Crisps & Black Olive Tapenade - Light and fluffy with lots of veggies. Came with a small salad that was pretty tasty as well. Olive Tapenade is always a little salty regardless of who makes it however this one was not as salty as most. Very good.Second Course-Duck Confit with Citrus Sauce - YUM! Cooked to perfection and the sauce was just right. Also came with a small portion of scalloped potatoes, a couple of veggies. Only ate half as I wanted to make sure I saved room for dessert. So needless to say I have enough for dinner tomorrow night. They even packed in a few extra of those mouth water croissants. Double kudos for that.Third course -Warm Chocolate Tarts with Fresh Whipped Cream - SINFUL! Seriously mine came out nice and warm, fresh from the oven with a nice dollop freshly made whipped cream. So very good indeed.I must say that dining alone has its perks. I got to people watch, even watched a proposal (she did say yes by the way) and the staff were really nice and very attentive. I will definitely have to visit them again soon.
3	I went here for restaurant week really expecting a great meal. There were four places I went during the week and this was the first one I tried. I thought the service was very good and a few of the dishes had a lot of flavor. I definitely enjoyed the beef tenderloin and the jack daniel's pecan pie. The pecan pie was actually very sweet and bursting with flavor, it was a good way to end my meal. Also the bread was great, very tasty croissants.However, there is obviously a reason I gave Vincent's only 3 stars....I thought the lobster bisque was very bland. I was very excited to try their bisque, but it didn't knock my socks off at all. The duck confit was very dry. It came with tasty scalloped potatoes, but sadly they were the highlight of the entree, not the duck. Overall there were a lot of good things I did try, but to me, my first and second course should be excellent, and the dessert should not be by far  the best course I had.
1	I must put my 2 cents worth in about Vincents.  I personally will never go to Vincents again.  We went one new year's eve for a friend's husband birthday.  He is French and they are from Florida--so I was trying to make it a special occassion.   I remember very little about the meal because the service was HORRIBLE.  Red wine came after salads had been served.  A white wine sat on our table unopened until we were able to flag someone down--the serving of the meal was uneven at best and then servers got switched mid meal.  For a dinner that cost more than $500--I certainly expected more.  When I called to complain--their offer to me was a glass of champagne and a dessert--to make up for an evening that was suppose to be special on several accounts and turned out to be a disaster.
5	The parents, of which I am one, recovering from the horror which is Christmas (simple me, I kind of like it),  decided that our livers had not been sufficiently lacerated by the multiple retox extravaganzas.  No... we need to go out and relax on Boxing day and have more food, better food...with sauces!  Needless to say, women rule the world.Anyway on a evening expected to be quiet, 8 of us were treated to the private stone room.I am always amazed by Vincent.  The man is a work-a-holic, running the restaurant, catering and then seemingly throwing in the Saturday bazaar just so he does not have a moment off.Our group is known at Vincent's and Howie is possibly the most informed wine waiter in the valley.  He is just terrific as was the service in general.  Mr. Wine, who was not THE Mr. Wine this evening (we had a big gun with us), enjoyed a aged Bordeaux and a Chilean Cab.Mrs. Foodie ordered her usual collection of dishes and found them all great.  The Salmon quessadilla  was remarkable and is just great with Chardonnay.  My grouper was perfectly cooked.But the Rack...the Rack.  You know how at some places you go and get 3 or 4 little pieces for like $100 (OK, not that much, but still a lot)?  At Vincent's you get 9 wonderful, juicy pieces of perfectly cooked Lamb with lots of extra stuff.  Three (if I had them) thumbs up.Then dessert comes, and comes and comes.  We enjoy good Sauternes and, as is Vincent's habit (he just sends a bunch out), ALL the desserts were just yummy.   Normally we have heard from Mrs. Ambiance by now, however in the private room on a quiet night there was not much for her to judge.  I will report two things, one, although the place was relatively empty, there was a lounge lizard singing and a crowd of hip youngsters sitting around enjoying cocktails.  Very cool.  And. two, Mr. Vincent himself directed me to the WR (the guy does not rest).If you need a big time formal retox, Vincent's is the way to go.  Speaking of which, after tiring myself out at Squash with another Yelper, and then climbing Squaw Peak (are you nuts? yes!) I was too tired to accompany the group to the Montelucia for  the retox boost.
2	I have no idea why people are raving about this place. It is extremely over-priced for what you get out of it. There are so many better restaurants in this area that are less expensive.Let's start from the beginning, shall we? The croissants. People rave about their croissants. Yes they were tasty, no they were not amazing. Go buy Pilsbury croissants in those tubes at the grocery store and throw them in the oven, it'll taste the same.Next for our meal, I ordered the rack of lamb which I asked for medium rare. When it came out, I didn't even see a hint of pink. I didn't want to send it back because how can you uncook meat?? Do I want to take the chance of someone spitting in my food? I think not. So I figured oh well, maybe it's medium and I'll just eat it as is. I take my knife and cut into the meat, and I'm literally sawing the meat because it's so tough. The sauce was good, but I eat a lot of rack of lamb and I'd say this one fell way below average.My date on the other hand asked for the chef to create something special. We were both surprised when the dish came out and it was just simple garden salad with a filet of steak. That was it. That was the chef's SPECIAL creation. I'm giving this place 2 stars because the atmosphere is romantic, service was great, and the wine was delish. Sure there are dirty restaurants that I would give 1 or 2 stars to, so is it fair? I don't know. I think 2-stars are just about right since I would never go back to Vincent's.
2	The soups at this aging French Restaurant are excellent, in contrast to the average beef tenderloin entree and a fair creme brulee for dessert.  From the time we were seated, we were greeted with staff that were either less than enthusiastic or best described as aloof.  The cocktail waiter offered no wine suggestions.  We were told that they ran out of the  lobster bisque, which appears on this online menu.  The entrees were lukewarm.
4	If things really do taste better when some one else is paying for a meal, than I may be over rating it. I have been here several times for company functions, as such the menu was a limited selection and service was a bit slower due to the large group size.  That aside I did like many things.Croissants, need a I say more. I am pretty sure this on table bread option trumps any other type of dinning, chips and bean dip may have a shot at them.  You meal begins with a basked full of warm flaky croissants. Wine sever promptly follows. I frequently started my meal with a salad consisting of soft bitter greens bleu cheese and candied walnuts, the pungent flavor of the cheese contrasted by the sweetness and crunch of the walnuts went well with the soft buttery bitter greens. For my main course I went with the salmon. Honestly the salmon here was good, but nothing special above or beyond what you would find in any quality restaurant. The deserts here are great too, a perfect way to please a date.Dates are where I really see this place shining, dark romantic atmosphere , semi private tables, french food it has what you need.Note while there is some self parking it is very limited unless you go to an adjacent paring lot.
5	Vincent's remains my all time favorite. It's been ten years since I have been here but the quality is the same. The spinach salad had warm sauteed mushrooms and bacon with a balsamic reduction all in perfect proportions. The duck confit wasn't on the menu. No problem. Vincent prepared it anyway and is was to die for. The brown sauce was perfection. Then, just when you are ready to cry uncle out comes the souffles and chocolate bombs. Spoon in a little creme anglais and you have gone to gastronomic heaven. A comprehensive wine list that might be weighted a little too much on the high end on the French side but plenty of good California choices in the affordable range. This is a very special restaurant with a world class chef that is a treasure known to all Valley of the Sun natives. Don't miss it.
3	My Husband and I went to Vincent's last night for restaurant week.  We picked this restaurant because we had never been there and the menu for restaurant week appealed to us.  Overall, I have to say the food was good.  We loved the bread basket at the beginning of the meal and my brie and fig appetizer was great.  The worst part of our experience at Vincent's was the overall service, especially from the hostess, who was clearly overwhelmed with the crowd (I assume from restaurant week).  She had a very poor attitude, which was noticeable by everyone who was sat around us.  In addition to that, they have a "team" service philosophy, so it took awhile to get served and wasn't as pleasant as it could be.  All in all, the food was good, but not worth the price we paid.
1	This place had a lot of hype...one of the best rated restaurants in town. We were extremely disappointed. The service was terrible, we sat for about 15 minutes before we even had a menu and were asked if we wanted a drink. When we did finally get the menus we were extremely disappointed with what was supposed to be an extensive wine list. The wine list turned out to be rather weak with a small selection from each region - even France wasn't well represented. After another 15 minutes of waiting without any contact from the non existent server we walked out...and walked down the road to Chelseas...which was solid.
2	My sister mentioned this place was always busy when she drove by so we figured it must be great.  Wrong.  We went for Sunday brunch this past weekend it was about 50% full.  We sat down, got our drinks and food orders in right away and so began the 35 minute wait for our food.  I had the salmon with capers and my girlfriend the salmon, eggs, cream cheese.  Both dishes were tasty but there was hardly anything on the plate.  If it wasn't for the delicious croissants and jam to start us off, I would have been just as hungry as when I arrived.  Luckily they threw in some complimentary deserts in at the end for our party and that made things a little better.  Still, I won't be going back.  There are better brunch places out there for the money.
5	My favorite Phoenix restaurant. Vincent understands customer loyalty and his hospitality and food will bring you back again and again. Often when we travel, my husband and I will remark that Vincent has spoiled us because we compare everything to eating with him. If you like goose or duck, he makes it the best. My son loves the short ribs, my daughter loves the ravioli. We all love his pastries and desserts. The salmon quesedilla and duck tamales are just a couple of the magnificent French/southwestern fusion foods to knock your socks off. GREAT wine selection.
4	Great, fantastic, amazing pizza!  The croissants are delish too.
4	Very good restaurant.  Great desserts.
2	Putting a high price tag on a plate does not make it good. Service: excellent Ambiance: good The food was disappointing and overpriced, the ravioli, undercooked, the blue cheese overpowered the rest of the salad. No shortage of expensive vehicles carefully positioned by the valet, but I'm afraid that money can't buy you good taste.
2	I feel sad to write this...but Vincent needs to improve things or his place will be only a past memory.  I'm ok with that based on the dinner I had there recently.The restaurant was packed...but with people who had Groupons...I only wish I had because my dinner would not have been 177.00.  Too much for a weak and sad plate of out of date food.We had the Foi Gras, small portion and so/so:(...Duck chimichangas they were decent. The wild boar was a tiny serving...we were fine with that because it was tough and difficult to chew.  It was accompanied with a hospital style vegetable medly of green beans with carrot shreds and minute white rice.  We also had trout..it was covered in a heavy white sauce (French) and had the same veg medly and white rice...seriously like the hospital food...or a big banquet service.  It was edible...but not great...We each had a glass of wine.  No dessert for us...it was hot in there and the arches and decor reminded me of a taco bell.  I wouldn't even go back if it was a free meal:(
3	I was excited to try this restaurant out, especially after snagging a Groupon.  The restaurant is in a small mixed use building, which makes the parking situation very difficult.  However, after you get passed the chaotic parking, you will enter the restaurant quaint restaurant feeling like you have left the concrete jungle behind.  The inside is kind of dated, but fitting for a french restaurant.  The tables and chairs are very old and provide a nice setting to have a meal.Right off the bat, however, the service was lousy.  And this by itself is why this place gets 3 stars.  I think it took a good 10 minutes for someone to come by and take our order.  The waiters are basically career waiters, they have been their forever and unfortunately are not very friendly.  I would much rather be served by a younger person in their 20's who can provide a not so snoody feeling for the dinner.  I have eaten at other french restaurants of higher caliber and the service is much better.The food was very good though.  I had the rack of lamb.  A great choice and cooked exactly to my liking.  The desserts looked great, but nothing really jumped out at me as being have to have.  But even though we decided not to order the waiter brought out a selection of 3  mini creme brulees.  I guess that is common.  So for future reference I will not order the dessert and just bank on the free one.Overall, I wont return unless I have a groupon.  I feel there are better restaurants, and cheaper ones too.
1	Apparently I was in the 'formal' Vincent's on Camelback' as opposed to Vincent's Market Bistro so I can't speak to the Bisto.  As for Vincent on Camelback we were very disappointed.  The menu and the staff were really over the top pretentious and the food was just ok.  The choices were extremely limited and very expensive.  For two meals with no drinks or dessert, the bill was over $120.  We got the (small) rack of lamb and some kind of tough wild boar dish with sauce that had a very odd flavor to it.  And not 'odd good.'  It came with a side of parsnip 'potatoes' that made me wish that they would have used real potatoes instead.  I get it. But what has the potato ever done to Vincent to deserve this?  One more thing. . . I forgot.  We ordered a bowl of lobster bisque. I told the waiter that there was no lobster in it. He said that's the way the chef makes it.  Huh?  Please.  Next time maybe I'll have chicken soup with no chicken in it.Avoid this restaurant.  I can't help but think that the people who left good reviews have had their brains fried by the 120 degree sun in Phoenix.
4	We went here for dinner this past Saturday for Restaurant week. Its a cute little place with lots of little rooms. The decor is a little old and boring. The food and service was pretty great. The lack of music was deadening. There was zero atmosphere here. The little basket of bread they brought out was decent though the mini croissants were very very chewy and a bit burnt. I ordered the Baked brie puff pastry with fig sauce, freaken YUM! We also ordered the beet and goat cheese salad off the regular menu to share, it was really good but the price for the portion is a total joke! For dinner I ordered the bean ravioli, it was just ok. For dessert I got the flourless chocolate cake, it was really dry, not sure if that's how its supposed to be. The husband ordered the pecan pie, I snuck a bite and it was amazing! We had a really great time but I wasn't floored or wowed and glad I didn't have to pay the regular prices as they were very high.
4	we just got home from vincents for the restaurant week special. i have to agree with most of the reviews thus far in one way or the other. positives? i loved that we took advantage of the restaurant week specials because i could not possibly bear to spend that kind of money of food for a non-special event occasion. i liked my food....it was very good. however, everything is SOAKED in butter and almost anything tastes good with butter. i started with the leek and tomato tart. it was salty and acidic and had that buttery richness. my wife had the brie and fig pastry. filled with delicious gooey, salty brie paired with the sweet figs. both were great. second course, she had the lobster. i thought there was sauce on the lobster halves but it was....butter. i had the the ravioli. a bit too salty for me but i shouldn't whine because i took half home and eating it for lunch tomorrow. both, again, very good....and buttery.final course, i had the flourless cake with rasperry sorbet. it's rich and dense, like a flourless should be. mine was moist and i thought perfect. she had the chocolate ganache with vanilla ice cream. less dense (or so it seemed) and equally tasty. our waiter fixed our uneven table, however, we did sit for a solid 15 minutes without getting any drinks or acknowledgement. they did have a mass rush at 6pm for all the restaurant week clientele but we were seated after a short 5 minute wait. what i did think was funny, like another reviewer mentioned was how the valet displays the uber high-end cars right out front....a ferrari, 2 upper level beemers, a high end mercedes, and a lexus. i wish my banged up ford ranger could have some upper class company!good food, yes. buttery...absolutely. service, good. eat  here again? only when i make my first million.
4	Restaurant week strikes again!!!  Ok, first impressions....valet puts all the expensive cars up front for looks. We get it guys. Decor, it looks like a classic French restaurant that's been there a while. So that's fitting. We were seated in a little two-top against the wall though, with no view, no window. Kind of boring.Food was delicious though, can't lie. Between the two of us we ordered the tomato-leek tart, the brie and fig pastry, the lobster, the white bean ravioli, the flourless chocolate cake, and the hazelnut ganache. Both got a glass of chardonnay and devoured the bread basket. Everything was very tasty and cooked beautifully, no complaints.  It was also very rich, decadent, and buttery.  Post meal make an appointment with your cardiologist.Service was fine throughout the meal once things got started, but we sat for a good while without anyone taking our drink order or introducing themselves as our server to acknowledge our existence. They passed the water glass test with flying colors, but servers had no personality, so warmth. Is it part of the French attitude? Discuss.....
2	My initial impression of the service here was: awwwkward... Then the server made me feel like that Pretty Woman chick on Rodeo Drive. When I asked for a drink menu, the reply was "oh, we don't do frozen drinks here." WHAT?! THIS ISN'T APPLEBEE'S?! No wonder there was valet out front! Hello, sir, I don't allow frozen drinks here either. I actually walked in knowing I'd be ordering the steak off the restaurant week menu, so I really wanted a glass of red, but I was completely turned off after that.The pastries here oozed with butter which can be considered decadent, but I kind of thought it was a little disgusting, especially after time passes and those pastries get a little cooler than room temperature. I guess that's what I get for not eating them quick enough? The vichysoisse was pretty good, and the steak was decent, but not memorable. I can't even remember if we got dessert, but I'll just say aside from the initial impression, the rest of the night just wasn't memorable.
1	Oh my! Restaurant week 2011 .  This meal was a disaster! Terrible service...totally non existent  service. No beverages offered and we had to ask for them . There was a 25 minute wait for a reserved table, whilst 10 empty tables needed to be cleared. Food incredibly lacking in flavor . Lobster was NOT served....it was langoustine.  Steaks mediochre to be kind.  Excessively salty salad...could not eat it. Pecan pie smothered in caramel sauce. Honestly good pie ruined!  ONE WAITER HUMMED LOUDLY FOR THE ENTIRE EVENING. He wasn't part of the entertainment. Will never waste money there again. So many great restaurants in town.....THIS IS NOT ONE OF THEM.
5	Great
4	It is easy for me to overlook the dated decor that reminds me of old steak houses the service was so exceptional and the food was dependable to up to masterful .Our knowledgeable waiter explained most of the menu and gave detail to where meats were sourced from .We started with the corn ravioli's with truffle oil , the flavors went together well and it was a nice size portion for two to start with.We both thought the salad of radicchio , endive , walnuts , pears , and gorgonzola was a perfect balance of taste and texture in a generous portion for two to share .My husband had the wild boar loin that came with a very rich sauce to balance the extremely  lean meat . He said the sauce was a little spicy , beefy rich and well made the flavors went nicely with the addition of mushrooms . The wild boar plate also came with buttery mashed potatoes and buttery fresh vegetables .I had the Scottish Salmon that was seared on the top but prepared almost medium well . The Salmon came with a red pepper lightly creamed sauce and  haricot verts , asparagus , sugar snap peas and eggplant . The vegetables were all cooked perfect and were buttery . Chopped raw tomatoes on top cut the richness .We shared huckleberry tart for dessert it had pastry cream and less huckleberries than I was expecting but it was good , soon we were ready for the check but they bring us out these tiny BAKED chocolate mousse that tasted light as chocolate air .A sweet ending!(also no problems using a Groupon here)
2	Exceptionally Mediocre with A Side Of Highway RobberyMy wife and I went here for midweek dinner.   First time.Nothing to look at on outside.  Valet charges $2... okay.  Either let people park their own cars or offer free valet like most decent restaurants.Inside, it's like an older, dated, run down french restaurant.  Tables were not exceptionally comfortable, were close together.Wait staff was just okay.  Not formal enough, nor timely.  Not unfriendly, but not friendly either really.  I ordered the Lobster Bisque ($8) while my wife ordered the Smoked Salmon Quesadilla ($11).  Bisque was rich, savory, but a small portion   Not upsettingly small, but small.  The quesadilla was perhaps the standout of the evening, but just a simple cheese quesadilla (and no longer hot when it arrived), covered with cream sauce, and then overlayed with common smoked salmon.  It was unusual as well as tasty, and the portion was a nice size.   It was the only thing I would order again. For the main course, I had the boar ($36).  My wife had the three fish entree ($32).  My boar was medium rare, but it was about 2.5 ounces of meat with a few veggies and about a 1/2 cup of common mashed potatoes.  The meat was good, don't get me wrong, and drenched in a pool of spicy sauce.  The sauce was the only thing great about the entree.  I was done and licking my chops and eying the bread bowl to see if I could get filled in no time, given the quantity of food.My wife had the three fresh.  To their credit, they did seem like fresh fish, and were properly cooked.  She thought it was okay.  I asked her for a comparison to our "baseline" fish restaurant, Roy's, with it's predictably good fish, and she answered that it was "nowhere near as good."The bread bowl was grilled bread you could get at Safeway, and butter croissants that tasted surprisingly like the breakfast toaster pastries I had in the 80's as a kid.We were not impressed.  If the entrees had been $20, I would have given this an extra couple stars probably.  But at $36, I expect to be "wowed".  And I surely wasn't.The clientele was mostly 50-80 year olds.   Clearly, some people had been coming here for special occasions for the last few decades, and had to no problem with the food or prices.   But this restaurant struck me as a chef/owner that was milking a reputation that was earned long ago, laughing every week on the way to the bank.My bill was $90 before tip.  I was still hungry. And honestly, I wouldn't have paid $45 for it.I surely won't be back.  And I can't in good faith recommend it to you.  Dine at your own risk.
2	My wife and I went to celebrate my birthday.  We were assured on the phone twice, and also by our waiters that the meals could be prepared gluten free, as my wife has celiac disease, this is important.  We ordered the sea scallop appetizer, spinach and bacon salad and the arugula salad, I had the NY Strip and she had the rack of lamb.  Dessert was good, we got some kind of creme brulee assortment and I got the Grand Marnier souffle. The food was cooked perfectly and delicious, but we didn't make it to the car before she got sick.  In a nutshell, a $180.00 bill plus tip- and she'll be in bed curled up in the fetal position until tomorrow afternoon. -"glutened".  Thanks guys.
2	Meh, is right.  I've been wanting to try Vincent's since I moved to the area over a year ago.  I bought a groupon that I've been holding onto for way to long and decided that this was a weekend to go.  Honestly can say that I could have done without. Our first impression upon walking in was old and stuffy.  I get that your a French restaurant, but no need to decorate like we're still in the 80's.  Liquor bottles as a display? Doesn't look good.  It should have felt like an upscale restaurant, but it didn't.I liked that their menu is constantly changing.  Some of their menu options were actually pretty surprising.  My husband and I probably went with the least interesting choices.  I started with the lobster bisque ($8).  For our main courses it was lobster with basil linguine for me and beef tenderloin for him.  The lobster was just ok, the basil pasta was overcooked.  Mike's beef tenderloin was pretty good, but not worth the $34 price tag.  And none of the main entrees were under $32.  I get that you're a "fancy" restaurant, but those prices are way too high.  I have no problem spending $30 on an entree, but it better wow me.  We'll just say Vincent's left something to be desired.
5	Wonderful service and delicious food!! Our waiter was very knowledgeable about each item we asked about, and our water glasses were always filled without asking. We ordered the lobster bisque, beet & goat cheese salad, rack of lamb, lobster w/basil pasta, pumpkin creme brulee, and chocolate hazelnut cake. Everything we ate was delicious and fresh and very carefully prepared. Loved the complimentary flourless chocolate cake at the end. Yum! This place is somewhat pricey ($32+ for entrees), but it's a great place for a special night out! Make sure to ask for the original room - very cozy!
1	Unmitigated Disaster - We will never be back again, and I would have to recommend (after this experience) for no one to go there either.Upon entering the restaurant, we were not so kindly greeted by a white haired woman at the front desk. Our reservation was for 7PM, and we got there at 6:55PM. The disgruntled lady tells us to sit in the lobby until it's closer to 7PM... Since when did showing up a few minutes early become a nuisance? Moving forward, we headed towards the lobby to find eight people also waiting to be seated. A little unusual for a Tuesday night, but no big deal - until twenty minutes passed until we were finally seated. I understand that restaurants can get busy, but a simple "I'm sorry for the wait" would have gone a long way.There were two dining areas and we were placed in the larger room. Several tables were available, so I didn't understand the long wait. Anyway, there's an old-fashioned quality to this place... not good or bad. The chairs were uncomfortable and the carpet looked unkempt, but we were there for the food. We sampled the Duck Tamales.  Unfortunately, there was nothing special about this dish. It wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible either.  That was the highlight of the eveningWhile waiting for the main dishes to arrive, it got extremely cold in the restaurant. We hear the staff complaining about the temperature, and then we see another couple complaining to the host about how cold it was on their side of the room. Finally, dinner arrives... I ordered the wild boar cooked to medium rare. It tasted medium-well to well done. The waiter stated that this dish comes with five large medallions, but looking at the dish, there were thinly shaved bits of meat. This dish reminded me of the over-cooked roast beef that my dad used to make when we were kids (which I hated, by the way). My wife ordered the braised short ribs which tasted like something that came out of a microwave. She tells me, "For the price of this meal, I'd rather eat a microwaveable meal." I tried a piece of the short ribs thinking it couldn't be that bad... WRONG. The short ribs were chewy, stringy, and although it was covered in sauce, it was DRY. We hardly put a dent in our meal. While waiting for our missing waiter, we noticed that the restaurant was starting to get really warm - similar to a gym. We both started laughing at how horrible everything had been. We were finally able to flag down the waiter for our check. He never once asked us how our meal was - even after seeing our plates were more than half full. Anyway, the moral of the story is: Don't waste your money here. Or perhaps call in advance to make sure Vincent is working. While waiting for our car, the valet guy said, "Vincent is on vacation. His food is phenomenal, but when he's not here, we hear customer complaints." Maybe this guy is right, and Vincent's food is out-of-this-world; however, based on the service alone, I will not even bother coming back. No second chances for this place - no thanks!
4	My friend had a Groupon ready to expire and was awesome enough to share it with me.  I've lived here all my life and always thought of Vincent's as a place our grandparents would all hang out at.  The decor looks like it, but that's ok.  It's a French restaurant and definitely not geared toward yup's.  The food and service were still fantastic.We started with the foie gras and duck tamales.  Duck tamales at a French restaurant seemed a little strange on the menu; so we were intrigued to order.  They tasted like duck tamales.  They were good.  The foie gras was awesome.  We were also brought the most delicious croissants I have ever had.For our main courses, I had the lamb and my friend had the wild boar.  My lamb was fantastic and came with yummy potatoes and green beans.  The wild boar was good.  If you are curious what while boar tastes like; it tastes like pork.  Lamb is one of my favorite meats and this was definitely one of my favorite times eating lamb.  We finished off with desserts.  I ordered the profiteroles and my friend had a grand marnier souffle.  You really only need to order one dessert per four people.  They are large.  The profiteroles were tasty and very rich.  I couldn't come close to finishing them.  The souffle was actually two souffles.  I've never had a souffle before so can not really say if it was a good souffle or not.  It tasted like eggs.  My friend said they are supposed to.  The chef brought us out complimentary flour less chocolate cake.  That was delicious.  It would have been amazing with some vanilla ice cream on top.The food was amazing and I will definitely be back when in the mood for some French cuisine or even just for some wine and desserts.  I would recommend as a great place to take your mom for her birthday too.
1	Ok...First off I have to say I don't usually judge a place off the reviews and like to give it a shot. Well this was a bad idea... especially on an anniversary dinner celebration. Please be advised that the bad reviews are indeed true. We have eaten the food through their catering and it is delicious, so this makes me think all the energy is expelled here alone? Like the other reviews had said this is a creepy outdated awkward place that doesn't have any background music playing at all. So yes the tables are very close together with no music so imagine how uncomfortable that will be. We immediately ordered martinis to try and ease the mood. My dirty martini was garnished with tiny olives on a sandwich pick for an upscale price. The server also spilled most of my wife's martini during her trip to the table saying how it was "overfilled." We received a basket of bread that was burnt and unappealing which ended our idea of a maybe hopeful outcome. We were both confused because the dinner menu was nothing like we had eaten through catering. The server informed us that we had probably meant to dine at the "bistro," and was happy to transfer us over next door. Feeling questionable that it would be any better we paid our tab and agreed to go take a table they were holding for us. We then walked over to the bistro side of the restaurant only to be disappointed once again.  Packed in like a meat house and sat there for 15 minutes without being asked if we'd like a drink we decided to walk out. They have again an awkward system of seat yourself and apparently serve yourself as well? We were so confused by all the groups of people lining outside to get in this place. We were more than willing to give up our table to the next unfortunate guest. The parking lot is also a joke like a previous person had reviewed. It is only valet and gets backed up by the cars coming in and the one attendant trying to run the place. Some lady thought I was a valet driver and proceeded to yell at me because I was standing around not helping her. We are in our late 20's and knew we were in "Snotsdale" all the way.
5	My experience with Vincents is a solid nine out of ten every time. There duck tamales are incredible and you still can even find Vincent himself in the kitchen cooking on many nights. Nice to see success hasn't changed the work ethic for this restaurateur's dream. Im sure it was a hard road, but there are few, if any, French restaurants in town that offer such splendidly sinful food choices. Overall I love the old world look, the service is usually top knotch and for fine dining, the price is no more or less than other similar quality restaurants.
2	So I had a 50 dollar coupon from local dines---wanted to take my husband there for his birthday in May but because of difficult schedules decided to go this week if available---Usually go once a year for the last 12 years and was looking forward to it.  Cocktails, hubby asks to try the merlot and the pinot--waiter says you don't have to try---the pinot is awesome, we say ok--he brings the pinot---it is awful!!  Send it back and get the other wine which is just ok.  Ordered the scallops , 3, for $18 dollars, and they split it for us--good but 3 scallops for 18, think you are starting to get my gest, ordered the beet salad for $13, split  good, split the Halibut for $36---fish in a sauce with vegetables,bread was good, then split the dessert for 9 dollars.  I started out ordering a Grey Goose Martini up---small martini--must have cost at least $13---asked for blue cheese stuffed olives---the waiter said they did not receive a shipment of them today---I always found that restaurants of this calibur stuffed their own---so they brought me a small martini with small unstuffed green olives, no pimentos even---The food was ok---surprised to see the younger female generation walking in with short jean shorts---so our total was $120 without tip, they of course forgot to subtract the $50 dollar coupon  which they did correct.  When waiting for our car before entering, we heard the valet tell another customer that Vincent was not there that night and it was not good when he's not there---should have left then--food was a B-B+-we split glad we did---disappointed in all and will we go back---not for a long, long time.  Hope Vincent reads this---there is work to be done here!!
5	Thank you for being the only place I could find with a vegetarian and gluten free menu during resturaunt week. The food was amazing!
5	What a fabulous dinner at Vincent's on Camelback. Thankfully Chef Vincent G. was in the kitchen  when we recently dined and the meal was absolutely superb. We began with an appetizer of foie gras with Schnepf Farm peaches and a balsamic glaze. A small portion, but if you love foie gras as we do then you will not be disappointed. Meltingly lucious. For a salad I chose the Raddichio with Belgian Endive and it was so wonderful. It consisted of a mixture of chopped raddichio, belgian endive, pears, pecans, and a mild blue cheese in a lovely, mild vinaigrette. I plan to try to duplicate this at home as it was so delicious. My husband had his heart set on a lobster salad but it was not on the menu that night. Not to worry though as our waiter, Dino, said he was sure the kitchen could do one. They did not disappoint. It was a lovely salad they created with big chunks of lobster and heirloom tomatoes. My husband said it was perfect. For our entrees I chose the lobster in beurre blanc with basil pasta. That lobster was  a small one (the waiter said it would be a whole lobster split, but a small one)  but I have to say it was as sweet and fresh tasting as ones I've eaten in Cape Cod or Maine. Just incredibly delicious and the basil pasta was a perfect accompaniment. My husband ordered the duck confit and I have to say after tasting his I'd be very hard pressed to decide which entree I liked best. The confit was served with lyonnaise potatoes. Chef Vincent really did some magical things in his kitchen to give a crispness to the layer of duck fat sitting on top of the thigh and drumstick. We are confit fans but unless you have a gallon of duck fat at home it's pretty hard to duplicate in your own kitchen, plus it's doubtful it would taste as good as this one did. For dessert we both chose the Grand Marnier souffles served with a creme anglaise. Those beauties were ethereal and heavenly....like eating a cloud with a sauce that begs to be licked off the spoon. The service by Dino and the other waitstaff was top notch. We managed to greet Chef Vincent as we were leaving and told him how much we appreciated his genius. This chef is a Valley treasure and if you have not had the chance to try his restaurant you are missing out. He was the winner in the past of the James Beard SW  Chef awards and it's not hard to see why. He is French born and French trained and in my humble opinion NO ONE COOKS AS WELL AS THE FRENCH. We will return as soon as we can. This is still my favorite restaurant in the Valley bar none.
3	celebrated 21st wedding anniversary at Vincent's. bit of a rocky start when we got there....thought that our table wasn't great, with kitchen noise (we got there about 615 and TV or radio in kitchen was too loud) but as the restaurant filled, we realized that our corner table was the most isolated from other diners. Howie showed us our table and was very friendly. Some confusion on other waiters stopping by to take our orders throughout the evening. Duck tamales were outstanding -- lots of duck...much more than expected. lobster bisque had wonderful flavor...needed a final strain to remove a few bits of tomato and the chiffonade of basil could have been smaller. heirloom/avocado salad was outstanding. roasted lamb and all its accoutramaints was excellent and cooked perfectly. seared foie gras with peaches was a bit small, overcooked and too much sweet sauce. chocolate fondue was a bit undercooked but very tasty...chocolate tart was even better. Service was great (though confusing once or twice) and they truly treated us well knowing it was an anniversary celebration. Would definitely make reservations a bit later so that we weren't one of three tables that early at the restaurant.
3	We tried Vincent's for Restaurant Week. When you walk in to Vincents there is a bar lobby, since my date hadn't arrived yet, I ordered a yummy lemony gin martini. D arrived after about 2 minutes and we were seated at our table. When our waiter brought our Restaurant Week menu's I already knew what I was ordering since I'd checked out the menu online. I had black bean soup with goat cheese as my first course, Lobster with House Made Basil Pasta as my second course and coconut cream pie with rum raisin ice cream for dessert. My waiter suggested a chardonnay to pair with the lobster so I did that. D ordered shrimp chimichanga for the first course, New York Strip for second course and Chocolate Profiteroles for the third course. The food was delicious. I liked it because I felt since the portions were small I wasn't ruining my weight loss efforts. it seriously was only about 3 bites in that entire lobster tail and maybe 3 bites in the vegetables and you know what? I was fine with that.I felt the service was impeccable. There was about 3 servers checking us but they never seemed intrusive, they were very intuitive about when we needed something.My dessert was delicious and I had it with some yummy coffee.I didn't think this place was as horrible as the reviews are saying. Maybe my expectations were not very high to begin with.
3	We came here last week for restaurant week and sad to say, it was my least favorite of the places we went to.  I started out with the black bean soup which was delicious, but in my opinion, easy to get right.  For the next course I had the lobster with basil pasta.  The lobster fine, cooked well, but the pasta was bland and sticky.  It was tossed with a little butter, had no basil flavor and reminded me of pasta you'd serve to young children.  For desert I had the mixed berry cobbler which was good, but also not hard to make well if berries are in season.  The bread basket was great but the wait staff seemed perpetually annoyed with us.  It is one of Alex C's favorite restaurants so I may come again and hopefully I'll be delightfully surprised.
4	My work caters a big lunch order through Vincent's Van Go operation once a month. We generally order 4-5 sandwich options and a salad option or two.Their take on the classic Caprese is outstanding. Heirloom tomatoes are sliced with fresh mozz, teeny tiny asparagus pieces and radicchio. They also have a killer salad with various roasted veggies, goat cheese, green apples and field greens. I appreciate that they put all the dressings in individual ramekins, as well as butter for their (soft, delicious, buttery, I shouldn't eat this) bread. Each salad comes with a roll and butter, each sandwich comes with chips and both come with two tasty cookies! White chocky chip is my fav.We have a variation of an order for 40-45 people every month, and each time our order is 100% perfect and on time, and it's easy to deal with getting an invoice for our finance department. The price, by the way, is ridiculous. We had an order for 40 this month and with tax and delivery fees, it was less than $400!  If you work in the area, I can't think of an easier catering experience for your next meeting lunch!
5	The place is really good and so cute!! Went here for lunch with my aunt portions are great! You get free fresh croissants and the service is excellent. Limited parking and the bathroom when I went was inside the restaurant since we ate at the bistro. Very busy place. Reasonable pricing for the food and the venue! I will be back :)
1	First let me say that the food was good. Second let me say that I am a 25 year veteran owner of bars and restaurants. I know intricately how they run and the types of people they employ. We ate there on 2/13. My date was a professional Triathlete. She does not drink when in training. To be responsible I only ordered one glass of wine ($15). The server with the Brit accent was rude and condescending from that point on. His response was a miffed "just one glass " repeated back snarkily. I ordered 2 apps, a split salad, and two entrees and dessert.  He was pained to inquire if it was good and we had to fight to get our water glasses filled. He attempted to hurry us out, all the while kissing the asses of the regulars at the adjacent table. He didnt let us even get halfway through the dessert before unceremoniously dumping our check. I then had the gall to pay with a Capital One credit card. The asinine snob opened the check folder in front of us, looked down and made a sour looking face. It was clear that 1. he was pissed that there was no bottle of wine ordered to bump his tip. 2. His perception of Capital One cards was that only low class and credit crunched losers own them. I recently got divorced and my Ex destroyed our credit, Sorry Mr Bean but thats what i paid with. I left a 20% tip because it is my custom from owning restaurants.So if the owners or management of Vincents read this please understand that I had on a custom hand made shirt, new Gucci Loafers, and a $12,000 Franck Muller watch. I chose your restaurant, i CHOSE not to drink, I chose to pay with a non-status credit card, and I will most certainly CHOOSE not to return based on the entirely unacceptable and highly offensive behavior of  my server based on the his uneducated and insulting perceptions. I left a $30 tip because I choose to so the bus boys and other staff would be tipped out. This idiot waiter that was ONLY concerned with his tip needs to learn that his customers are often much more intelligent then he is, and that gratuities are earned for service. Good service, not rude, condescending, childish, idiocy based on his perception of who his clients are. He clearly misconstrued who and what I was, and did the "look down at the tip and thank you graciously at the door" after he saw his grubby $30 left on my low class credit card. As a side note, I might have ordered a full bottle of wine had I been impressed with your wine list. It just happens that I am a dealer and collector in ultra-rare California Cult Cabs and prefer to drink exceptional bottles when I do drink more then one glass. In fact snotty ass server, I doubt that you have the connections or financial resources to obtain one bottle, more or less the 1000 that I have in my home. Im sure your $750,00 home, that you were so proudly gloating about to the next table, is much nicer then mine too, I mean I only drank one glass and paid for it on a cheesy card!Run the other direction unless you want a true French experience- treated rude rude rude for no reason other then greed, insecurity and jaded crass immaturity. There are plenty of places to eat where the server would be grateful for a $30 gratuity. Its not Europe, gratuities are discretionary. This ass of a server just has an unearned sense of entitlement. WORTHLESS PLACE
2	Let me start by writing that the service was good, the waitress was prompt and attentive to the two of us. We were seated in a small room with 5 tables which was fine except that it was stuffy and a good look around the outdated room revealed a great deal of dust on rails etc. this of course makes you ask . What is the cleanliness in the kitchen? We had the tamales which was  dry and the fois gras which was good. The squash was excellent and the spinach salad was excellent but way overdressed. We also had the lobster and basil pasta, the lobster was chewy and the pasta had good flavor but vastly overdressed with oil or butter. My lamb was very good, except that lighting a rosemary twig for no purpose except to fill the room with smoke, is very unappealing and choking , especially when most diners have that dish. How is it a good idea to smoke people out? I think it takes away from he dish. Just put fresh rosemary on the plate , would be much more aromatic. The wine list is extensive and way overpriced( 300% mark up on some wines is unacceptable). I also think a water bottle should be opened at the table and not brought open to the table , makes me wonder .I would also note that the food plates arrived quickly( which is good) although spending $360.00 and being out of there in 90 minutes can leave one wondering what just happened.Overall, it is not on my return list.
5	Very knowledgeable wait staff to help suggest wine pairings with your meal, and the food is consistently amazing from bite to bite and dish to dish. A very romantic place to take your significant other, or just an excellent place to have a terrific meal with friends. Everyone should experience this place at least once, it's that good.
5	I've been here several times. I am always amazed at how good the food and service is. I will be back!
1	miserable experiencesnarky jerkoff of a waitermediocre food in small portions over salted and lukewarmcrappy ordinary and overpriced wine listone of the worst meals in scottsdale ever!
5	Talkin' about Happy Hour here... You really can't beat the selection or price on the 1/2 off champagne cocktails and wine. Food is quality also. It seems an undiscovered gem as we were the only ones there for quite some time, only to be joined by 2 small groups. I had the mini brioche sliders ($8). You get to choose 3. I went with the crab cake, lamb and beef. I don't think I would get the lamb again, but the other two were adorable, satisfactory nuggets! (They are indeed mini.) As for my cocktail selection, I started with the champagne with  bigarade liqueur (Orange liqueur from Provence: it tasted like a perfectly balanced mimosa with no calories wasted on juice! ;)) but also enjoyed the malbec and tried the cava (it was too sweet for me).Hands down, this place is in the top 5 best happy hours in the Valley!   (https://www.vincentsoncamelback.com/vincents/bleu-menu.php)
5	I had dinner at Vincent's last night. We had a large group and were taking advantage of Restaurant Week to try the restaurant. The food was fantastic, my steak was perfectly cooked and delicious. Many people in the party had the salmon and gave it great reviews also. I also had the chilled heirloom tomato soup and the peach tart, both of which were delicious. I don't think anyone had anything they didn't enjoy. The service was excellent, and even though we showed up with two people more than we had a reservation for they quickly accommodated us and were very kind about us.I will certainly be back!
5	THE BEST OMELETTE I'VE EVER HAD!!!!Saturday Brunch Review.You can custom make your own omelette. My friend who is a regular ordered mine for me. Her concoction consisted of bacon, ham, cheese, sun dried tomatoes, fresh basil, and pesto.  Wow, it was hands-down the best omelette I've ever had.The price was reasonable at about $10.The next time I'm back visiting Phoenix, Vincent's On Camelback is on my list of places to re-visit..
5	If you are looking for a special dining experience, look no further. Chef Vincent Guerithault is from Provence, France, and combines his expertise in classic French cooking with southwestern ingredients making for unique...and exceptionally delicious offerings. From the moment you walk in the door, you know right away you are somewhere special - and you are treated like someone special. The staff is very attentive, yet almost invisible. The menu changes according to season and availability of fresh ingredients - but one thing you can take to the bank - whatever you select, it will be delicious. Be sure and save room for dessert - they are to die for!!Bon appetite!
5	I've been going to Vincent's on Camelback every friday for over a year and half. They have amazing food and the chocolate crossants are to die for! They always have amazing service and I have never been let down.If your looking for a high end breakfast, lunch or dinner spot, Vincent's is it!
4	Once you properly adjust your expectations and assuming you don't show up at the same time that the gray hairs are showing up for their 'Early Bird'' meals you will find find out why this is one the long standing dining landmarks in Phoenix.  French food is a lot tastier and less pretentious when it has spent a little time in the Southwest.
4	The service was EHThe appetizers were good The bison loin was excellent The service was EH
4	Great food served in a French ambiance by attentive servers.Expensive, but good for special occasions.  Good selection of wines but limited beer choices.
5	Our second time back within a week (once for date night and once with a group). Our waitress was very knowledgeable about dietary restrictions. We had no problem eating Gluten-Free. Plus, all of the food was amazing. Light on the beer list but have an extensive wine selection (including recorked wine from the 1920's)! We will be back!
2	Really needs attention from its Chef owner. What happened?
5	love this place... great food and great service...
4	Lovely little restaurant. We came here for brunch on a Sunday and spent about $50.- Warm Brie salad was simple but great- Lobster quiche was well cooked, but filled mostly with claw meat - not a lot of lobster flavor- Smoked salmon quesadilla with capers and cream cheese was delicious. Looked like a lot of smoked salmon, but it was very thinly sliced, so it didn't fill me up.- Complimentary mini-croissants and homemade jam were spectacular- Our meal came with a tiny little creme bruleeOverall, Vincent's is a nice restaurant. The food isn't terribly exciting or well thought out, but it's good, light brunch fare. A lot of the patrons there seemed to be regulars. We might stop back again if we're in the area.
1	Wow. What a disappointment. Dirty plates, coffee was horrible and the water tasted like linen. Never come here.
1	We mistakenly chose to host an 65th wedding anniversary family celebration at Vincent's.   At the end of the meal, as we were trying to collect our uneaten desserts, Vincent became enraged by the delay to his waiters' ability to clear the table.  (We later surmised that the threat of overtime pay prompted this entirely inappropriate, frightening response.)  The alternative and civil approach would have been to help the guests while simultaneously clearing.  The honorees, ages 87 and 88, had been loyal and frequent customers for over 30 years.  They were deeply shaken and frightened by Vincent's threatening loss of self control (which escalated to threats and his grabbing of my 87 year old mother's arm).  No member of my family will ever step foot near this establishment again.   Unfortunately, Vincent's inappropriate behavior trumped any value associated with food.
5	Love Phoenix restaurant week!  Fantastic meal.  Great service.  Wonderful atmosphere.  We will be back.
2	We'd been meaning to try this restaurant for years so we finally went for restaurant week this year.  The bread basket with mini croissants and a few pieces of grilled bread was delicious.  The lobster and corn fritters were edible, but I probably wouldn't order it again.  The salmon quesadilla was much better.  The tenderloin was decent but a bit overcooked and not inspired.  The prawn dish was pretty good.  The portion sizes of these plates were underwhelming.  Dessert could have been better..  I had the crepes - they were a bit dry without a little bit of chocolate in the folds...  They were much better with some cream from the pots de creme that came for the table on the house (everyone gets this and its actually very good).  The chocolate tart was the best dessert on the prix fixe menu.  The cheesecake had a weird crust that didn't taste or feel good.All in all, I may try the bistro next door but probably won't come to the restaurant again.
3	This was my first disappointment in the Vincent's empire in Phoenix. Went for restaurant week and found the appetizer and entree portion size too small. Were they reduced for restaurant week? The chestnut/celery soup seemed watery and lacked much flavor. The pork link was delicious but way too small. One link the size of a small breakfast link does not an entree make. Chocolate desert was excellent. I don't think I'll be going back.
4	Mother's day brunch was outstanding! All dishes were delicious. Service was very good in spite the fact that the place was packed. Looking forward to try this place for dinner.
