5	forget what you know about fine italian dining. the dining at Giuseppe's is neither fine, expensive, or classy. it's a black and white tiled mecca of italian food, nestled comfortably in the same strip mall as a cellular reseller and a blockbuster. go anytime, and order anything. if you see a dude alone at a table getting drunk on red wine, that's the owner. the first time we went we cut him off for a parking spot outside. PARTY FOUL. it's BYOB, so make sure you stop at sprouts next door and get a bottle or five of whatever they have on sale.
3	In a town seriously lacking in good Italian food this place is as close as it is going to get.  The food is decent, the ambiance straight out of Jersey, and the service attentive.  Is it the end all be all?  No, but it is a nice little oasis in this desert city.
3	I completely agree with Sabrina.  Stick to the red sauces, they seem to be good.  The Bolognese was very good too.  I quite like the eggplant appetizer also.  All in all, very standard in a city full of "eh" Italian food.  Way better than anything you'll find at Mac Grill or Olive Garden and it'll cost you less too.Bonus, Guiseppe's is BYOB with a $3 corkage fee.Mangia!
4	Oh this place is wonderful. I feel this way because I am an awful cook but I love eating at home. That said, I am notorious for bringing food home and dishing it out on plates and having a go at it like that.Well, this is like that, only it's someone else's kitchen. Nothing impressive at all, it's even mildly questionable at times, but the food is so darn good. Bringing the wine and cracking it open, sitting in the plastic bistro chairs, flip flops and a tshirt... eating 4 star italian food. It's really awesome. I've ended a relationship here, and it was the most comfortable public breakup I've ever experienced. Try the gnocchi.
4	I was sworn to secrecy when we first came here with friends several years ago.  I think it's some of the best Italian in town.  It isn't fancy (a plus, in my book).  It's small, so sometimes there can be a wait involved. Even though its small, because of the very personal service by the owner, the service can be lacking or distracted.  The food, however, is well worth it!   I try to get something new each time I go, and I've never been disappointed.
4	Hallelujah! This is the type of Italian I have been looking for. It's almost like sitting in  a kitchen.Small place, maybe 10 tables, plastic chairs, paper table coverings, menu written in chalk on boards in front. Fresh pasta on Fridays and BYOB with a $3 cork fee. Hot damn! I got the lobster ravioli (holy garlic it was good). Also tried the mozzarella so fresh and spongy, drizzled in evoo and balsamic... Yum.. Had to try the tiramisu disappointed by the small portion but little miss piggy had eaten enough so it was probably a good thing. If you don't like this place go to Olive Garden, it may be better suited for your taste duds.
5	One of my favorite nice casual restaurants.   This is the type of Italian food you'd get in great little out-of-the way Tuscan hill town restaurants that serve the locals (not the tourist traps).  It's always a relaxed friendly atmosphere and the food is always awesome.  As several reviewers have mentioned, don't forget to BYOB - but no worries if you do because you can grab some at Sprout's next door.    The owner plays in the Phoenix Symphony, and he knows his Italy!
5	I suck. I've been going to this strip mall for many, many years and always thought "I need to check that place out".   I finally went and it was so simple and good I be a regular form now on I promise.Had the brochettes, all were very good. Not "oh my f'ing God" good but yet very solid.  The lentil soup was fresh and full of vegetables.I had the bolonanase (sp?) ragu.  Past with meat sauce but oh so much more when it came to the taste.  I cleaned my plate.Keep in mind this place is BYOB. You sit on plastic chairs. and there are only about 8 tables in this tiny strip mall location.Nice.
5	I miss this place so much. Im in Bay Area now, and I think of Giuseppe's bolognese sauce almost every weekend. Their simple tomato sauce is sooooooo good. Wish I knew the recipe. And the eggplant appetizer is to die for. YUMMY I miss you guys
3	I have eaten here three or four times, mostly because a friend at work really likes the suppli (risotto balls).  Their food is okay.  I have a simple test for any restaurant to classify as being at least 'good' it must make me close my eyes.  Never happened here with any dish I've tasted, suppli included.  And they serve Pepsi products....echhhhh....the ultimate sign of a cheap-ass restaurant owner...The service is friendly though and it's always good to get out with Melissa!!
5	I try not to throw around 5-stars out like gang signs, because I really want to reserve the primo ratings for places that really knock my socks off. But, Giuseppe's is quite deserving of the highest rating because it really is a gem of a place. Voted New Times Best of Phoenix Neighborhood Italian (2003), veal (2004) and BYOB (2005), Giuseppe's certainly has earned such accolades. However, in all fairness, I must say I do not live in the neighborhood nor did I have the veal. But, I'll most definitely be trying the veal. And since I went with Robert M, you should know that BYOB is a given. Well, honestly, since I showed up it's almost certain that I'm carrying some form of alcohol on my person. After watching a decidedly emotionally-charged movie at Camelview (The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, an amazing must-see even though a key element in the film is grossly misleading--PM me if you've seen it and I'll share) Robert M and I needed to do something to appreciate the goodness in life so we decided to devirginize ourselves of the Giuseppe's experience. It was about 4:45 p.m. on a Saturday and we were seated immediately. Tucked into a strip mall, it immediately reminded us of the set-up of Pizza A Metro. After reviewing the menu, Robert walked over to Sprouts for wine and we ordered three bruschetta (slow-cooked pork ribs with tomato & melted mozzarella, pesto &fresh tomato and chevre & marinated sun-dried tomatoes) that were all extremely delicious. The bread remained firm and not soggy, yet not so hard that it hurt your teeth or cut the roof of your mouth. We also split the lasagna which was made with fresh pasta and plated with the most divine "gravy" [for all the Italians, although I'm Irish] that we've ever tasted. So *smooth* and not bitter or acidic or sweet or anything less than heavenly. If I could bathe in this, I would. But, since I'm not a splosher... :blush: If only I wouldn't have eaten so much popcorn in the hour before going to Giuseppe's, I would have indulged in so much more. But, alas, I have found a reason to take this Avenue kid back to the Streets: Giuseppe's.
4	I have been going to this restaurant for years.  It has maintained it's quality even when it has changed owners.  There is a funky lady there that has worked there for a long time-17 Years? She always remembers you and makes your experience more fun.  Always good food, Always good service. It is a fun little place to go but won't impress someone who is more interested in "atmosphere" than in good food and company. This city could use more small restaurants like this that just don't follow the norm.Speaking of following the norm.  You do need to check when they are open.  Their hours are a little different. It is well worth making a trip to this little place when they are open.  (I usually go there when I am planning on going to the Sprouts in the same center.  I can walk off a few calories after I'm done with dinner!)
2	When I was a kid I would eat a pile of plain noodles with butter on them while the rest of my family mowed down on real Italian food. I think it had more to do with the fact that spaghetti given to a kiddo is more likely to end up on them than in them, and tomato sauce hurts when it ends up in your eye. But in twenty-odd years my palate has matured past the realm of bland noodles and into the realm of big girl flavors. I think that's why I was so disappointed by Giuseppe's. I ordered the smoked salmon with asparagus pasta, thinking, "Heck yeah, lox me up and throw away the key!" Instead, I got the toddler special in disguise, a big pile of noodles drowning in butter, with flakes of salmon and asparagus floating throughout. Ewwie. The noodles were freshly prepared since it was the weekend and were a doughy delight. It's too bad they were marred by such a crap combination. I mean, you can't even toss in some garlic, onions or something vaguely resembling seasoning? Failure, failure, failure.My boyfriend's pasta carbonara was a thing of beauty. It is very difficult to find real carbonara in the valley. Most places just toss together white sauce and bacon and call it a night. Very few take the time to saute onions, garlic and pancetta, add steaming hot pasta, raw egg and parmesan cheese and toss until it oozes together into drool inducing blob of yum. Amazing good. It's just odd that such contradictory dishes are on the same menu. We also had the garlic bread, because what better to add to a giant pile of carbs than more bread? It was passable. Very dry and crispy, more like crouton, and topped with a delish garlicky spice infused oil. Four tiny toastettes for four bucks though. Not the greatest deal. I shall be back. I'll just stay far, far away from the noodly combos of questionable origin. P.S.  To all my winos out there-- corking fee of 4 bucks!
4	This place is awesome.  It's a tiny little hole in the wall with a waitress who has worked there forever.  The menu isn't extensive, but everything on it looks delicious.  We went here one night after work and couldn't have been happier.I ordered gnocchi with the rosa sauce and it was incredible.  The gnocchi's were nice and small and cooked just right.  The sauce was to die for, with a hint of sweetness that made it perfect.  I don't have a whole lot to say other than that.  I definitely want to go back.  I suggest it every now and then but for some reason we haven't revisited.  That is going to have to change.
3	I reallyed wanted this place to give me a yelp 5 star experience. It wasthe final of my two-day fat load for this new diet i'm on and so I though "Italian" The place was crowded, usually a good sign, but the ambiance- what ambiance? The presentation of the food was worse than what I do in my own home. We "upgraded" for $1 on each of our plates for homemade pasta (you would hope it would always be homemade). I had the ragu, it was ok- a little odd tasting. My fiance had the alfredo, which was kinda watery. Plus the garlic bread was $1/piece and was very hard to chew. All in all, not good or bad- but WAY overpriced! Over $10 per plate plus the bread and we didn't have more than one drink b/c the service was SLOW. Maybe its better at lunch?hmmmmm
4	I went here for lunch the other day and it was great. I had the chicken parmesean sandwich. The sauce was good, the service was good and I like the small store front location. The red and white table cloths go a long way. It is BYOB so bring your own wine and enjoy.
1	Let me start of by saying I LOVE food, great service, I like to share the enormous portions served in restaurants, drink water with lemon and I do not drink alcoholic beverages.  I know, I scream cheapskate, but I think I deserve a decent 2.5 star experience, at least for the food.  Most places meet or exceed my expectations.  Guiseppes did not. And there comes a time when my youthful, ethnic appearance, water with lemon, request to share, and sober living is met with that "I am not going to make money off of you" vibe from the owner.  It hasn't happened in a very long time, but Guiseppes proved their still is bad service reserved for their unwanted patrons.I was very excited to eat here seeing it on Diners Driveins and Dives on Food Network, my favorite food network show, and seeing all of the New Times best of awards.  Got there at 8:30pm Friday night, there were people waiting outside, thought it was a good sign.  Now I thought being in a strip mall, next to the water N ice store, the service would be warm and welcoming and the place would be chock full of non-dbags.  I am always cool waiting a bit for good food but being stared down by rich, overweight women with their husbands in flip flops, cargo shorts and Affliction tees and teenage platinum blondes with their smug smiling boyfriends in their flip flops, plaid shorts, and Affliction tees is never my cup of tea.Fast forward 30 minutes of this ish we get seated, another 10 minutes menus, another 10 minutes a water and a watered down gross iced tea which they CHARGED us for even though she took it back and gave him water, and by 9:30pm we get our 15dollar saltysaltysalty bolognese ragu with overcooked spaghetti (we didn't get the homemade pasta) to share, 4dollar baby 1/2 inch thin toastettes, and 2dollar marinara bowl for dipping.   (FYI this is an Italian Restaurant that not only makes you pay for an ounce of bread, they also CHARGE for extra virgin olive oil)So go to Guiseppes if you like:_"EH" Italian Food_Cold and dry humor from the owner_Slow waitresses_Being stared at by stuffy people in such an unlikely, un-stuffy atmosphere_Your hopes let down =) Enjoy!
2	So, I always leave Giuseppe's stuffed full of rich Italian goodness, but my wallet sure suffers. The reason we don't frequent this neighborhood dive i because you get so little for such a high price. The food is high quality. The portions are tiny. The menu item that annoys me the most is the ravioli...you get about 6 little raviolis and are expected to make a meal of it. And I heard a rumor that they're raising their prices because they were just featured on the Food Network. How do you say "Sellout" in Italian?
5	I will admit, had it not been for Triple D on Food Network, I probably wouldn't have heard of this place. I am glad I am an avid viewer of this channel. My father, being the martyr that he is, decided he didn't want to go to dinner for his 55th birthday. So after some hemming and hawing, I bullied him into it. The next question, Where do we go? I told him about this recent episode of Triple D and to my amazement he had seen it to and suddenly he was all happy about a birthday dinner. Like most places nowadays, they don't take reservations. My brother called ahead and was told it should be fine for our time for a table of 8, a Wednesday night mind you. We were seated and take everyone else's word if not mine, the restaurant is small(read:TINY). There are probably 12 tables, max. We were given menus quickly and had our drink orders taken and brought out promptly. The table started with a mixed bruschetta of a traditional tomato and basil and a pesto with tomato. Both were excellent. They have a bunch of other choices as well. We also had the caprese salad, fresh balls of mozzarella, tomatoes, and romaine covered in balsamic vinegar. This too was great. Dinner choices were varied. I had a fettuccine with chicken, green chilies, and sun dried tomato. It had a garlic-wine sauce. Sprinkle on a little red pepper flakes for a little extra heat and you'll be happy. Get the fresh pasta, pay the extra buck, and you'll be one smiling mother#$*&er! Fresh pasta makes a world of difference. I sampled everything at the table. The macaroni and cheese with prosciutto, the ravioli, and the penne with sausage. The regular plain old red pasta sauce they use is great! It had such a nice sweetness to it I could have had a bowl of it.  Get the mac & cheese.  It is baked to perfection!  We aren't talking Kraft mac and cheese here either people.  This has real cheese, not some powder cheese.We also indulged in dessert and coffee. The flour-less chocolate cake with vanilla bean gelato was delicious. The cappuccino was great too. I was told the key lime cheesecake was good as well. The dining experience was nice. I thought the prices were reasonable and the serving size ample. We spoke with the owner, Richard, for long stretches throughout the meal and he was very personable and answered any questions or gave suggestions on meals. He saw me taking a picture of my food and asked if this was going to be on Yelp! I assured him it would be. He told me I wasn't getting anything free because of it, with a smile and a laugh. Love the NY attitude. For those that gave a bad review, I'm sorry, but I just don't get it. NO other Italian restaurants in the valley use fresh pasta, maybe Pasta Brioni. So, if you thought Buca, Olive Garden(barf), or Macaroni Grill used it, you are sadly mistaken.
4	After hearing my sister who lives in California tell me about this place for weeks after she saw it on the Food Network, I was finally in the vicinity and able to check it out. It's a very small place, Very Small. Cozy. Lots to choose from on their chalkboard menu, we were greeted upon entry and told to come up and order when we were ready.We ordered a ceaser salad, the Risotto Balls, Delicious balls of risotto with mozzarella cheese inside then lightly rolled in bread crumbs and fried with a side of marinara. Fresh Pasta Fettuccini Alfredo with Chicken and Gnocchi with Tomato Cream Sauce.I thought the prices seemed a little high, but honeslty after tasting the food I didnt care.First of all everything came out piping HOT, including other diners dishes, you could see the steam rising throughout the restaurant!My husband always orders Fettuccini Alfredo with Chicken and he said this was his Favorite and best he's ever had! I had a few bites and  it was truly delicious with the fresh pasta and roasted pulled chicken and just the right amount of sauce, it had great flavor!My Gnocchi was no exception, those tasty little morsels of cheesy mashed potatos if you will and the Tomato Cream sauce was excellent as well although I wish there had been just a tad more sauce.Our ceasar salad was large enough to share, fresh greens dressed just right but unfortunately no croutons or parmesean?The bread and butter was really tasty too!All in all, we had a great experience and would definitely return!
2	This place seems to want to get rich off being featured on Food Network.  There's a big banner out front now and there are pictures all over the place of the owner (i'm guessing) and Guy.  Anyway, this is why I decided to try the place at all so maybe it worked.My friend ordered the chicken parmigiana sandwich and I went with the Linguine with Red Clam sauce.  Its a very tiny place with plastic patio chairs.  We waited for about 20 min so we had time to check out the decor.  The prices are crazy!  They charge as much as a full Italian restaurant does - I've never seen a diner, drive thru or a dive that charges so much per plate!  Skimming the menu, I'd say the average entree is about 12, appetizer is 8, desert is 5.  So by the time we got our food we were starving, but we managed to drive home which was about 5 min away.  They gave me a few pieces of bread for my pasta which was very good (and very surprising because bread is on the menu for like $5).  The pasta was overcooked and the sauce was WAAAY salty.  The portion wasn't what I expected for the price I paid at a "dive".  The sandwich was a little better, but nothing special.  I work at a hospital and I'd say their chicken parmigian is better.All in all, this wasn't the best experience.  I say if they want to charge so much, open an actual restaurant.  Then maybe they can serve some liquor instead of just having pictures of wine bottles everywhere and empty vodka bottles holding flowers.  (Its BYOB, $5 corkage fee).  I'm very disappointed in Food Network.  :\
5	I stumbled upon this place about a two and a half ago when I was shopping at the neighboring Sprouts.  I generally do not go out for Italian, but decided to give it a try because my girlfriend and I were a bit burned out on some of our other locals.  Let me just that I was wowed.  Their eggplant parm is fantastic -- thinly sliced, breaded, and served on top of a bed of homemade penne pasta. (All of their pasta is homemade in fact)  Their bread was also very good.  It quickly became one of our favorite regular restaurants.  I loved their eggplant parm so much that it was difficult to stray away from it and try other items on the menu.  When I finally did though, it was equally delicious.  It was penne and parmesan dish with asparagus and red chili flakes.   I highly recommend it. My girlfriend loves the lasagne.  The pear salad also is very tasty appetizer.The waitress Cindi is great.  She always remembers us and treats us likely regular weekly customers even though we only make it over to that neighborhood every couple of months or so.  We really could not ask for more personable service.  The owner is nice as well.They now have a lot of pictures up from the Triple D visit, but they were very excited about it.  It was a big deal to them and I don't think that should be a knock against them. (Personally, I did not know who the guy was...old school, no cable)  As for the price and food portions, I think that iGiuseppe's is both fair and filling.  We always leave there filled. (Eat more bread or try the pear salad if you are really hungry) As for the price, most plates are between $10 and $14.  For 2 1/2 people (one four year old), we usually wind up spending between $45 and $55, which includes a healthy tip.  This place is far better than some corporate chain in Old Town (Buca's, Olive Garden, Oregano's, etc) and it is worth the money.
5	I'm a big Triple D fan, which is why I took a chance on this 3.5 star Yelp rated "diner" and gave it a try. Yes, it's true - the atmosphere (strip mall) vs. the servings (small, yet satisfying) vs. the price (on the high side) aren't consistent. For what we paid, I'd expect  fine dining ambiance, and bread and salad to be included with the meals. With that being said, the food was fresh and absolutely delicious -- a welcome relief from all of the "franchise" food we've experienced since moving here about a month ago. We LOVE good quality  mom and pop restaurants, and this hits the mark completely, which makes it well worth the money. The waitress was very cordial, the food was served timely, and  the owner of the restaurant was spirited and friendly in making his way around to his guests. My rating is 5 stars because I feel Giuseppe's food, all by itself, deserves more than a overall 3.5 rating.
1	What a joke. We recently moved to this area of Phoenix and thought we would try it one night after seeing the sign that it was on the food network walking out of Sprout's. They charge $3 for bread and it is four small slices of stale french bread. The two pasta dishes had no real sauce or flavor and the prices are ridiculous. It was $32 for two pasta dishes and bread. I am so angry right now that I didn't go with my gut feeling and just go to Mamma Mia's. Mamma Mia is similar in price but offers twice the portion and you get the bread for free like a normal Italian Diner. I think this might be the angriest I have ever been after eating dinner out.
2	I saw Giuseppe's on the food channel and decided to try it with family from New York. Red sauce was good (not too sweet as sauces tend to be in Phoenix) and fettucini alfredo (homemade noodles) was excellent.  However, the portion of fettucini  alfredo was small  enough that a 9 year old inhaled it in minutes.  Ordered sides of meatballs.  $2 for each meatball the size of a golf balls.  We couldn't believe it.  We also couldn't believe that you have to pay for bread in an italian restaurant! The chocolate cake was divine. There is no question that the food is of a good quality--nothing even close to NY but for Scottsdale it is fine.  Giuseppe's should reconsider the price of those meatballs and making people pay for bread--a staple of any Italian meal. .
4	Went to dinner with girlfriend after friend sent me link for Guy Fieri's show & I assembled the 9 eateries he had on his list in AZ.Had Penne Pasta with asparagus, mushrooms, scallions & red pepper flake which was amazing.Tiramisu was decent but not spectacular.
4	After hearing this restaurant was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives I suggested we take our friend here for her birthday because she LOVES Italian food. The restaurant was empty when we arrived and I was surprised how small the restaurant is. The guy behind the counter told us to take a seat so we did. We sat there for about 10 minutes and nothing. Do we order at the counter? My sister told me to ask but the guys behind the counter didn't even understand me when I asked if they had a restroom. Finally someone came over and asked what we wanted to drink and placed our order. We started out with the bruschetta, garlic bread, and some kind of cheesy pasta balls that were not very flavorful. The bruschetta was great and the garlic bread was good too. I asked for a side of marinara to dip my garlic bread in and it was really good. I am still daydreaming about that marinara sauce. Mmmm! My sister ordered spaghetti and meatballs, I ordered spaghetti carbonara with pancetta and egg, and the birthday girl ordered tortellini alfredo. Their portions were very small compared to my dish and I felt kind of bad. It looked like they got the kiddie portion! Despite the skimpy portions and spotty service everything tasted homemade and delicious.
4	A friend from out of town wanted to eat there so a group of us went here last night. When we got there there was a table open and we were seated immediately but there was a line outside while we were eating. The food was very good, everyone liked it. It was not the best I have ever eaten but still very good. The portions were not large but enough I didn't leave hungry either. Service was reasonable but not great. Considering this is a fairly small place and it was extremely busy I cannot complain. Overall it was a good experiance and we left happy.
2	I made it to Guiseppe's only after a friend had seen it on the Food Network.  I'd heard of it before, but hadn't ever felt like making the trek out here from Glendale.  On one hand, I'm glad I did.  I've been lucky finding good Italian food places as of late.  It's also nice to know what people are fussing over with places like this, that get noticed after being on tv.  On the other hand, the overall experience I just found lacking.Yes, I know it was on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  Even though I suspect it falls into the first category, I still think it could have been better.There was a wait.  Which only shocked me since it was an off night, so be aware of that.  Reading many of the previous reviews, I had caught that it was BYOB.  So we had run over to the Sprouts next door and grabbed a few bottles.  Surprise!  No more BYOB.  Oh well, wine never really goes to waste.The place was cramped, and my party of 5 was squashed into a tiny corner table.  Then, what made that even more exciting, was the roving guitar player that started as we sat down.  As far as ambiance goes, he and his female vocal accompaniment left a bit to be desired.The food was good.  If I were to rate solely on that, it's deserving of 3 stars easily.  The eggplant appetizer was thin sliced and breaded, though I would have liked more of the red sauce on it to combat the dryness of the breading.  I can't comment too well on the bruschetta appetizer, as splitting 4 different types 5 ways doesn't allow for a sizable tasting.  The bolognese I had was very tasty, and the inclusion of ox tail to it was a very very good one.But in the end, the pretty good food couldn't save me from an overall "meh" dining experience.
1	Should have listened to the numerous negative reviews on-line (and there were many) but we trusted Guy from Diners, Drivins & Dives ...BIG MISTAKE. Clue #1 Strip mall with huge cheesy banner boasting "Food Network" endorsement. Clue #2  Self serves sign-in waiting list, apparently, the slimy owner was too busy gushing over customers trying to eat but steering clear of unhappy ones.  Misters and drinking water would have been a nice touch to make the 10-20min 104 degree wait more bearable. The minute we saw the paper table cloths and plastic chairs,cups & utensils we were in trouble. One waiter frantically tried to service the whole restaurant, which was a complete zoo. Now according to Triple D, the pasta was homemade....aaaaaah.....not so much.... Ive been to Italy, I know the difference.  Cut to the chase, $27.00 for two a la carte / appetizer sized entrees.Seems to me, his only goal is cashing in on the TV appearance as quickly as possible with no concern to repeat business...Don't waste your time and money....On a positive note, Guy was right about Matts Big Breakfast in downtown Phoenix, great good and the best costumer service we've ever had.
4	Since there are no .5 star options, I'm going to round up in this case... but I think 3.5 would be a fair score.The food is good enough, but didn't blow me away.  Though, did you see them on "Diners Drive-Ins and Dives"?  The pork really does fall of the bone in the Osso Bucco dish.  The garlic bread appetizer consists of 4 pieces of bread, and no real garlic.  The prosciutto and melon was good, but the prosciutto was not as soft, or maybe not as fresh (?) as I've had.  The lasagna is a surprisingly small portion, but is filling enough.  And the chicken parmesan is a giant portion that leaves you with probably too much food for lunch leftovers, but perhaps would be better as dinner the next night.I thought it was really reasonably priced.  The total including tax and tip for our party of 4 was just under $150 and that included 2 appetizers, a soup, 4 entrees, 1 dessert, and 1 bottle of wine.You know how you have your "go-to" restaurants in your neighborhood?  They're the defaults when you want a decent, reasonably priced meal in a familiar place.  The food may not be the best ever, and there is usually no ambience, but they're close and they fulfill your craving for that type of cuisine.  Well, if this restaurant was in my neighborhood, if it were slightly bigger, and if it had real chairs, it might be my "go-to" Italian restaurant.
1	Everybody who thinks about coming here should go to the real Giuseppe's, in Scottsdale.I grew up eating at this location pretty much my whole life. So many great memories of the spot but unfortunately the change in ownership left this place with shoddy food. Everyone who rates this place above a two, please do yourselves a favor and try the location in Scottsdale (13610 N Scottsdale Rd). The difference is stark.
3	Food was good, but don't set your expectations too high. Good thing it's only $1 extra for homemade pasta, I couldn't tell the difference. All in all, good but not worth a long wait!
3	To say that this place has capitalized on the notoriety created by Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives is quite an understatement.  They have more pictures of Guy Fieri in that place than I own pictures of myself.  I digress...I've been by that location a thousand times and it took that stupid show to get me in the door.  I am quite surprised because I usually do a good job of being informed of great places and I've probably eaten at 5-6 other Italian places all within 5 miles of that place.  I digress again...Anyways, I've been a couple of times now.  For lunch and for dinner.  The sandwiches offered at lunch are both tasty and reasonably priced.  They are not notably unique in any way but the quality is present.  The pastas served at dinner were more distinguished.  The bolognese is the second best in Phoenix behind Pinos.  The Osso Buco gets a lot of attention and rightfully so.  The service has been above par on both visits.All told a great neighborhood place to eat, if you live or work in the neighborhood.  Just not quite good enough to merit the trek by itself.
1	It's gross.  Don't waste your money please!  Hope this helps you!
3	This is a good lunch place...only been there twice and ordered a meatball sub both times but it was really good and too big for me to finish.  I'll definitely be back for that.
2	I had takeout from this place today and can't say that I would ever go back.  You can chose which ever type of sauce to put on your pasta, but they barely put any at all...my pasta was very dry and hardly had any flavor.  I would rather have a microwave dinner.
2	Italian owned, so you'd think they could make some authentic dishes. Not impressed.
5	Wow, wow, wow! Giuseppe's on 28th isn't fancy looking but the food is absolutely wonderful. The place is small and so they clearly have high quality control because everything was off the charts delicious. The sign out front about being on the Food Network is a bit corny, but don't let that stop you - this is the real deal.We started the evening with the squid in white wine and one taste had me thinking about building a shrine to its greatness. The squid was so fresh and tender, the tomato sauce had a deep richness and sharp spice, and the peas (courtesy of Tuscany) were a stroke of regional genius. You'll never eat fried squid again - this is the only way to go. We ordered the garlic bread to sop up every drop of tomato sauce.We tried the bruscetta which is prepared on the most wonderful bread you will ever taste. My wife said it is from Willo? I'm not sure ,but I was thinking maybe heaven? You get 4 different slices - the one with prosciutto, fig and goat cheese was magnificent.Then the dinner. You must try the "as seen on the Food Network" Osso Buco. Oh my God - this was the best meal I've had in a long, long time. Parked on a bed of home made noodles was the most extraordinary marinated meat with a complex tomato-based sauce that could bring Michaelangelo back from the dead to declare his entire lifes' work a failure in comparison to this work of culinary art. Savor the beauty. My wife had the manicotti, which because of the fine tomato sauce and fresh noodles, was excellent.We finished the meal with tiramisu. After one taste I laughed out loud at anyone that would give this place a negative review. That would be the definition of a shill. Giuseppe's on 28th is not the fanciest, but it is the best Tuscan-Italian food you will eat in Phoenix. Delizioso! We also thought it was pretty cool that the owner walks around and makes sure everything is perfect. It was!
2	Bland, plain, flavorless Pasta dishes.$3 stale bread (I just asked for 1 piece to keep my 2 year old busy until the food arrived- he said I will bring you a basket- never bothering to tell me it was not complimentary like most places).Bruchetta- stale bread plus toppings- i really would have liked the fig/goat one if it would have been on different bread.Husband had Osso Buca was very tender but again flavorless.Disappointed.  Won't be a repeat client.
5	I loved this place. We actually didn't have a wait at all so I'm not sure why everyone else did. The place is definitely small, but I liked it. It felt less like a chain laid out for maximum amount of getting people in and out and more like a place that was made in homage to good food where you could sit and have a nice long meal. We went there after the food network special and got the bolognese - it was really delicious. The food isn't too expensive, it's all the add-ons. When you go there you just can't help order an appetizer, a meal, a bottle of wine AND dessert. It's totally worth a visit if you haven't been yet!
4	I love the meatball subs. The Lasagna is good. Place is small but great food.
1	Mediocre, unsatisfying and barely average!I joined a friend recently on a Friday night and the entire meal was barely passable. The calamari was uninspired and bland, just sauteed with a thin red sauce and a few frozen peas. Hardly inspiring. The 4 bruschetta were good, with interesting touches like honey and chicken liver, but another tasted like it had plain old strawberry jam on top of mascarpone cheese? The fettucini carbonara was exceptionally bland and lacked the classic ingredients in abundance like it should including peas. Did they end up in the calamari by mistake ?  The house recommended fresh tagliatelle with bolognese sauce was sad and uninspired and poorly prepared and presented. Really, as a Chef, I found the dish lacking any depth, including the unseasoned meat sauce (6 different meats in the sauce according to the owner, but still lacking any depth, flavor or significant interest). The sauce was mixed into the noodles already and looked very amateurish and very cafeteria-like. A real disappointment overall.   The prices are actually a bit expensive for a strip mall and poor quality. Plastic cups for water, paper napkins for dinner service and piccolo pours of a limited wine selection only added to the lack of value. Will definitely not return. A disappointing experience that needs attention and correction.
5	Cute and quaintNice peopleAWESOME FOODGreat wine selectionDid I mention the baked ziti is amazing?Chicken Parm my friend had looked pretty delish as well...Spectacular restaurant, can't wait to dine there again!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Rude server obviously upset that we were not spending tons of money.Terrible bruschetta.Extremely overpriced.EXTREMELY overpriced.If you are going to charge $15 for mac & cheese, please provide me with something other than a paper napkin and a plastic cup.
2	I have been here a few times before the Diner, Drive-ins and Dives over the yeart. The only item I have had and really enjoyed was the meat ball sandwich. I was there recently and had the meatball sandwich which I had such fond memories of enjoying and it was okay. So, if I am in the area, I will give it another try.And one more thing, the Guiseppe's on Scottsdale Rd did have better meat ball sandwiches.
1	This place was a huge disappointment. After hearing how it had been recognized on the Food Network, I went there with a friend on a Sunday evening and found the food to be mediocre and overpriced. The waiter also tried desperately to get us to purchase wine and sides. I finally relented to an order of garlic bread, and was served plain, stale bread. For this stale bread, we got charged $3. I will not be going back. If you want Italian, Red Devil is a better deal with a nicer atmosphere and better wait staff.. Oh yeah, the bread is good and complimentary.
4	Wow this place has gotten a LOT of bad reviews! I am surprised. I do not consider this a bad place. I was stuffed from the 6 meat sauce plus homemade noodles, my husband had the Oso Busco. It is small, but they do not force you out or make you feel uncomfortable talking over your meal (unlike some other restaurants). My food was lovely and a generous portion, we did have desert and coffee as well. For those of you who had a bad server or a bad run in with "the boss" I did not have that experience at all. The service was friendly, and the boss was helping some VERY nasty people at a table near us and trying to be accommodating as best as he could. I never am one to complain about decore or seating, if you are giving me good food, I will sit on a stump, so the plastic chairs do not bother me. I would say give it a try....
2	My girlfriend and I drove here after seeing it on "triple d". We got there just before the rush and were seated pretty quickly.The osso bucu was...okay. Big hunk of pork with alot of bone on okay pasta.... The sauce was WAAY watery and just flicked all over the place. The pasta seemed a little on the heavy side. The pork was pretty tender...but eh...$20 for this is way way way to much. My girlfriend had the bolognese. "It was good, but tasted like stroganoff". I have to agree. The noodles were a little dry. They said it had 6 meats, but you couldn't tell because it was all ground together. $16 for this is also way to much. $3 basket of bread...bread was good, but waaay over priced.I think the best part was the non-fried calamari. Very tasty. Though, we felt a little rushed out the door with our child (who didn't enjoy the experience) as some polite customers decided to take over the place with a party of 8 and 5. We wont be going back here. Much better food elsewhere.
4	dolomiti birra.  seriously a must try for you virgins!home made pasta.only jazz and opera on the play list.owner's an old school bronx boy.he guessed i was a forest hills kid.  decently a mile and a half shy.so whats not to love about this story?  he grows up in the bronx.  loves his mama's italian cookin.  becomes a professional celloist. travels all over the planet playing the classics.  starts up this italian food gig as a hobby and it takes off like nathans hotdogs.great staff makes you feel like you are on arthur ave.  some nyc favorites on the menu, and unusual surprises like sepia pasta.  the food is decent and sure is good enough for me.  dont ramble on about a more authentic italian place in pheonix unless they cure their own capocolla in the cellar.  thank you.  end of story.  see ya.
5	Thanks for the great dinner Rich.I've eaten at this location dating back nearly 20 years.Rich took over in 2002 and it only got better.Now they have beer / wine and a credit card machine!Great Rapini tonight.Tj
4	I was first introduced to Giuseppe's a few years ago by a co-worker. I was sort of skeptical given the strip mall location and paper-covered tables, but I should not have worried.Giuseppe's is tiny; there are a few tables outside and maybe only three times as many inside.  You order and pay at the counter and sit wherever you'd like.  The menu is written on chalkboards above and beside the counter and is pretty extensive.  From bruschetta to salads, sandwiches to pasta, the place has everything.  Alcohol is not served, but Giuseppe's is BYOB. I have never not seen the dark-haired lady at the counter.  I'm not sure if she's the owner, but she is very friendly and warm.I have enjoyed on multiple occasions their gnocchi with Cardinale sauce (a mixture of red and alfredo) and today, for the first time, the meatball sandwich.  Both are wonderful and the sandwich is very filling!  If you ask, you can even get a basket of crusty bread and butter before your meal (free at lunch, $3 at dinner).Prior to today's visit, I hadn't been to Giuseppe's in at least two years. I definitely won't wait that long before my next visit!
5	My Kind of Place!!  Nothing snobby or fancy, just great homemade italian food!  We didn't know that the restaurant closed at 9 PM, so at about 9:20 PM we walked in on saturday night to a packed restaurant.  I asked the owner if they were closed, he told us to hold on while he checked with the kitchen... a minute later he had us seated... we were very grateful!  I moved to AZ about 5 years ago from NJ, where in my opinion some of the best italian food is...I have not found a good italian restaurant in AZ until now... I ordered an osso bucco that sat on top of homemade pasta.  OMG, so good, It was a very generous portion and the meat separated from the bone with a fork.. delicious and $19.. How can you beat that?  Osso bucco, whether beef, pork or lamb anywhere else will cost you at least $30... We also ordered a calamari appetizer that was swimming in a tasty gravy which we dipped garlic bread in... the gravy was extra tasty as well.. My partner ordered a bolognese sauce over home made noodles... the bolognese had 6-7 cured meat in it, which made for a nice meaty flavor... could have used more garlic but was nonetheless delicious.  We were too full to try any desserts but the tiramisu looked great and I will definitely be back to try that.  The owner made it a point to come over and have a conversation with us.  He is from NY and takes pride in the food they make.  Some other reviews have commented that the food network sign they have in front is a little much... perhaps, but they are a small business and I don't think there is anything wrong in taking advantage of the fact that they are good enough to be featured on that network.  I would have never found this gem if it weren't for seeing it on the show... Thanks again, and I can't wait to be back!!
4	Great food and great service. These folks have been in Scottsdale for years and this is the first time I have visited Guiseppe's. What a pleasure. Food was terrific. The 4 of us had different dishes. I ordered the "Alex" pasta dish, slightly spicy, perfect creamy tomato sauce, totally YUM! the meatballs were AWESOME! Can't wait to try a Meat Ball Sandwich!You can bring in your own alcohol if you drink wine or beer, There is no corking fee. Pretty cool stuff. the is no bar, just food.Downside, if you get there early and sit inside, you can speak and hear each other. If you get there when it starts to fill up you can barely hear yourself think. So Sad.All in all, worth the trip!
2	I had a hard time finding this restaurant to review it because at first I thought it was called As Seen on Food Network....but I found it so on with the review. My wife first introduced me to this place by bringing it home one night for dinner. It was horrible; but I chalked this up to what I ordered (a dish that was a cross between Mexican and Italian food) and the fact that it was cold from the drive home. So when we were in the area we decided to go in and sit down for a meal and enjoy the atmosphere. Well enjoy I did...nothing says a nice night out to dinner like tables covered with paper and plastic cups for you can drink (don't adjust your screen; this is not a review for Peter Piper Pizza). But hey, I am not a snob; I love places that save on the little things so they can put it in the food. But sadly this was not the case; it was not the worst Italian I have ever had, I am old enough to remember Wendy's super bar with fettuccine alfredo and hamburger bun bottoms cut in half and slathered in garlic butter. But for the price and the hype it was strike two; I had a Caesar salad and a pasta in cream sauce; both decent portions but nothing to write home about in the end. The service was poor, we did not get the specials but luckily we heard it given to the table beside us (just not lucky enough to have this happen before we ordered). We also ordered bread with our entrees but it never came out. I think my wife summed up our service experience best when she said that at the very least she expected the waiter to pour her can Coke into her plastic cup for her. The bill came and I found myself paying top dollar for mediocre food and poor service; strike three, ball game.
4	Eating my way down Indian School Rd.Ordered the black squid ink pasta with shrimp and calamari.If I could have had it over vanilla ice cream for desert I would have done that.Would certainly go back.A bit crowded but the food saved the day.
3	Our party had chicken parmesan, baked ziti, pork special and a bottle of Pino Grigio.  Servers were nice but the food was just average.  The typical pasta dishes were reasonably priced but the specials seemed spendy and our bottle of wine was $32.  Not sure I'd go again.
2	I've been to Giuseppe's several times.  Food is quite good.  Service is ok. Prices are too high.  Each time I've been to G.'s they have run out of something.  Once it was pasta.  Another time it was another key ingredient.  They say oh, this will be as good but it isn't.  They try to talk you up to their home made pasta but it's only one kind of pasta.  So spaghetti carbonara with the upgrade isn't spaghetti carbonara at all it's fettuchini carbonara.They do make an excellent Tiramissu.  However, the cost is as much as a whole meal at other restaurants.It's a good, overpriced restaurant but I would rather go to another restaurant which is equally as good such as Christo's.NEVER arrange to meet friends at Giuseppe's for supper .  They don't take reservations and your party can easily cool your heels for very long times.Would I go if you were paying the bill?  YESWould I go on my own?  NO
4	Nice and quaint...just like my buddy said.  I really appreciate restaurants putting their time into cooking.  They make their own pasta - YUM!  I got the special; Wild Boar with marinara and pasta; definitely different and definitely wild :)  Bottle wine?  Why yes please... I love the decor - I'm not a musician by any means except in my shower, but I'm sure the signed pictures of artists say a lot about this place.  The place is "quaint" remember so our service was on top of us; granted we were only 1 of the 2 tables in the place, but they did their jobs and they did it well - much appreciation.  The "Boss" :), was very friendly and greeted us with love too - I totally dig! - Enjoy!
2	I think this guy has let his 15 min of fame go to his head. Came here last week with a couple girlfriends for dinner,  The price we paid for just OK bland and flavorless food, cheep wine with a three times the price  price tag, and the luxury to sit on flimsy outdoor chairs, rolled in a napkin silverware and the best yet, plastic water cups was mind blowing. I felt like our waiter was up selling us the whole time and the hovering cocky owner was annoying at best. and lets talk about the " As seen on food network" sign hanging over the door and the diner guys pic hanging ever where, way overkill there. also what happened to a basket of free bread, come on $3 for bread are you kidding me. Whatever this place can suck it I wont be back.
4	I have to agree with a lot of the reviews in the sense that the atmosphere could use some work.  New tables and chairs, maybe a remodel in the near future?  But besides all that, the food IS that good.  The best Marinara sauce I have had in a long time hands down.  Plus the Cappuccinos after dinner were delicious!  I would recommend at least checking it out.  The eggplant parmesan is superb!
4	It seems like I find myself in Phoenix for business more than any other city.  After seeing Giuseppe's featured on Triple-D I decided to take a colleague there for lunch.As another reviewer noted, there are pictures and signs and placards and flyers galore of Guy Fieri.  It's a little funny and off putting at the same time.My colleague had the sausage and pepper sandwich and I had the bolognese.  Both were excellent and both were pricey ($40 for the two of us including tip).I definitely want to try other things on their menu like the chicken or eggplant parm but maybe I'll make him pick up the tab next time.  Hahaha...J/K Joe!Great food, but just because it's on Triple-D, don't expect it to be cheap.
3	We're Triple D junkies and usually check for any restaurants Guy has featured when we vacation.  On a recent trip back to my hometown of Phoenix we tried it.  We like hole in the wall places and enjoyed the size and low-key approach taken.  The wait staff was great and the owner mingled.  The food was good, not great.  Thought the prices were fine and the portions certainly enough unless you feel cheated without leftovers.  We ordered the rice balls for appetizers (o.k.), pasta e fagiolisoup (good), gnocchi in tomato sauce (good but heavy), pork osso buco(good) and the bolognese ragu ( o.k., not enough sauce and the various meats were indistinguishable.)  Enjoyed the meal but wouldn't make it a must go to stop on my next visit.
5	Arrived just b4 lunch closing... We had bolognese, carbonara, and Mac n cheese, All were fresh and delicious a must visit when in phx. Service attentive and prompt love it
4	Had a layover in Phoenix so left the airport just to see if Food Network was right. As soon as I arrived with my co-worker, the owner accomodated us, even though they were super-packed and had a waiting list of 5 parties. I love a friendly atmosphere and this is definitely it.I recommend the black pasta with shrimp and calamari... sooo good! Also they prepared a special dish for my co-worker who's vegetarian and she was blown away.I absolutely loved this place and the vibe and the good energy I felt. Definitely worth the cab ride there and back... and I hope one day they open a sister store in New York!!Check it out!
1	Really?! Who else finds it incredibly tacky that they added "As seen on food network" on their sign? Me thinks that a visit from Guy has made your head big. I enjoyed the food here before Guy visited. Now the service is rude, the prices are sky high and the food quality is down. I have given them the benefit of the doubt and eaten here a couple of times after the Guy visit. Every time it has gotten worse. I would much rather go to La Piazza Al Forno. The meatballs were small and tasteless, the sauce was very sweet. The lasagna used to be really good here but the last 3 times it has gotten smaller and costs more and the flavor is disappearing with the portion size. Overall to pricey for what you get. Again that sign is just plain old tacky and is enough of a reason to make me go elsewhere. In my opinion a stupid move. Maybe Gordon Ramsey should visit and give Giuseppe a much needed reality check!
2	Ok, so I thought I'd try this Triple D's place while I was in the area.  First off, I think the show got to the owner's head!  The 'As seen on Food Network' sign should have been a tip off, but I wanted to try the Pasta Bolognese that Guy raved about on the show.  The shop is extremely small with maybe seating for about 30.  The tables were squeezed in togther so if it was a full house, it would be difficult to walk around.  The chairs were cheap plastic chairs.   Not what I would have expected for an Italian restaurant.  Weird thing is I had to order at the front window and pay on the spot like I was ordering take out.  Really??  I ordered the Bolognese and an Iced Tea and my bill came to $24 dollars (included tip before even tasting anything!  Sheez)  The hostess served up some bread with some very cold butter packets first and then the pasta came out.  The homemade pasta was pretty good in taste and texture, but Bolognese depressed me!  I dont know how they did it, but it was dry and missing that mixed flavor of the vegetable ingredients.  Maybe it was overcooked or bottom of the barrel for my dish?  Who knows really cept that I was not impressed.  I tried it once,, and I'll pass from going again..
5	I have yet to eat something there i didn't like.  The osso bucco is a must try!!!!!!  I dream about it  ....mmmmm
3	The food was good, but not worth waiting 60 minutes for. Our bolognese dishes were pricey...and not oversized. It was my first time here and couldn't compare to an earlier time. There are so many other great restaurants in the area that I would not return here.
3	We have heard about this place for a long time, and just never came.  We were hungry and right around the corner so we finally decided to stop in a give it a try.  The place is small, and the decor isn't something to be excited about.  We tried the osso bucco and black squid ink pasta with shrimp and broccolini.  The osso bucco came out cold, which is not good.  But we told the waitress and she quickly got that taken care of.  It was good, extremely meaty, but not really worth the cost or wait in my opinion.  The black squid ink pasta was very good.  It wasn't salty enough, but after we added a little on our own, it was perfect.  The saving grace that took this place from a 2 star to a 3 for me was the tiramisu.  It's the classic no frills tiramisu that I so dearly miss these days when all the restaurants try to make fancy-over-the-top ones.  It was creamy, light, and just perfect.I'd go back for the tiramisu.
5	It is the one place I MUST go to whenever I'm I'm Phoenix...no, in the southwest! My favorite Italian restaurant, Bolognese Ragu is a must.
5	Food-frickin-gasm! Was on a business trip, had one night in Phoenix, one meal, wanted it to be memorable. Researched heavily on Yelp and Triple D and came down to this one little Italian restaurant.Work friend and I agreed we had to try the two dishes highlighted on DDD; 5 meat bolognese with homemade pasta and Osso Bucco. First started with a salad with fresh mozzarella, pesto, tomatoes, basil. Wow it was so fresh, so amazing. The waiter suggested we get the bolognese sauce with a special homeade pasta that was filled with ricotta but yet light and airy and smaller than a penne but not hollow. Very unique softness to it and it was just incredible with this meat sauce. Second I have to say I would not typically order osso bucco but since it was highlighted on the show as a melt in your mouth good, I couldn't resist. This night it was made with veal shank. This was three huge veal shanks that filled the entire plate with a homeade lingini pasta with ruffled edges like lasagna noodles and this wonderful dark rich tomato/wine flavor sauce that was just amazing by itself. Wow you literally did not have to chew this meat and I am not exaggerating! We were just awestruck over the flavors of these dishes, the cozy environment and the amazing friendliness of the restaurant. The owner came over several times to ask us how we liked it and we both were so impressed with the customer service overall.To top it off, our amazing waiter was nice enough to save us the last caramel gelato with praline pecans crunched up small, OMG so smooth, sweet and perfect! I cannot wait to bring my other work associates here when I come back to Phoenix in a couple of weeks!
2	We moved to Az last December and really miss our old Italian haunts back home so we saw this on DDD and thought we would give it a try. My wife and I both ordered the Capellini with meat ball and a basket of bread. The bread was really disappointing, we could get better bread at the bakery in any grocery store, definitely not Italian bread. The Capellini was so so, the meat sauce was very bland with no destinctive flavor of any kind, very disappointing. We are used to going to St. Louis and eating on the Hill section where the neighborhood is famous for great little Italian spots. Back home we had a nice little four star Italian spot called Paparazzi's, and no one has ever come even close to there quality and service, anyone ever visiting Peoria Illinois needs to try this place if they want top notch Italian food.  Our bill was $40 with tip, rather high for the quality of food, service and atmosphere we experienced.
3	Good food, cozy vibe - but I enjoyed it more back when you could bring your own wine (and before the appearance on Food Network brought bigger crowds.)Ask the server what he/she recommends that particular day.  They're usually honest and are spot on.  And try going later and see if you can have a chat with the owner.  He used to (maybe still does) play with the Phoenix Symphony and has some great stories.
5	If you come here and don't get the freshly made pasta, you have made a serious mistake. The dish with the sausage and broccoli rabe is unbelievably good. The macaroni and cheese is wonderful and the Bolognese Ragu is so tasty. Try the suppli di Riso for a different experience, which are these rice balls with mozzarella and then fried.
1	I live in walking distance to this place and wished it was all that and a bag of chips. Really people FIVE STARS???? seriously concerned  for where those people normally eat. This place is not even average. We have tried it 2X and just wont do it again. To be honest i cant remember what we had both times but a pasta dish was one thing and a meatball sub?? not sure. Pass on this one and go up the street to La Fontanella for a much better meal.
4	Yes, the on the food network sign is incredibly tacky but the food is better than most Italian places. Actually we found it hit or miss. My wife loved the gazpacho soup, I thought the house salad was so so, the garlic bread wasn't very good but our main courses were pretty good. I had the spaghetti and had a couple of meatballs. I thought the meatballs were extremely well done. The service was attentive, they had to be because the water and iced tea glasses were only like 6 oz glasses so they had to come by and constantly refill them.
2	We went for a late 3:30 lunch on Saturday. I was pretty excited to experience a good Italian joint in phoenix, but that wasn't the case. The dining area was small and compact, good thing we didn't come for a packed dinner crowd. I ordered the Bolognese Ragu for $17 and my wife ordered the Giuseppe Sub for $8 bucks. The prices were a little steep for lunch and being in a strip mall. These should be dinner prices.The Ragu came with homemade pasta which was a nice change, but there was barely enough sauce to taste on the pasta. I didn't want it drenched, but I would like to taste the sauce. The sauce was a little dry tasting, which was a bummer. My wife's sub was a good proportion but the bread was really dry and lacking meat. Overall the service was friendly and prompt, but not worth returning. Just a big hype from the food networks triple Ds. You'd be better off with going to Spinato's Pizzeria or Oreganos.
2	All make this short and sweet, eatable but nothing great.  Prices too much for this over-hyped place.  Had the Giuseppe sub for lunch, alright but was wanting more stuff on the inside. Sandwich was overpowered by the bread.
4	Went here a few nights ago with a party of 4.  We just missed the dinner rush and had the place all to ourselves.  There are tons of reviews on here that pretty much cover everything, but here are some points to consider:* Water is served in plastic cups* Soda comes from the can so there are no refills ($3 for a can!)* The bread is 'eh and costs you $3* the bruschetta is just ok* The fresh mozzarella is awesome* The pasta is fresh and delicious* The tiramisu is fresh, fluffy, creamy and deliciousThe best part about this place is the owner, Richard Bock.  Although he jokes around and is super friendly, you can tell he knows what he is doing when it comes to his food and his restaurant.  From the prices he charges to the way he pushes the higher priced menu items, you can tell he is a sucker for the bottom line.I admit I am one of those people who is all into going to places featured on TV, especially DDD so this place was on my list.  It didn't hurt either that there was a 50% off certificate on Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).I'm not going to rush back because the place is pretty far from home, but if I am in the area and craving some almost homemade Italian, I will be sure to stop in again.
4	Only tried their takeout, but very good food.  A little pricey, would like to try to eat in at some point.
5	Holy crapola... went here tonight with some friends and it was so friggin good.  Seriously, the best food I've had since moving to Phoenix 18 months ago.  I had the cheese tortellini with the tomato cream sauce.  Then we shared tiramisu for dessert with a coffee.  The wait was long, but who cares!  Once we were seated with were treated to a long and luxurious meal.
5	Saw this place on the Fieri Food TV show, and based upon the house receipe for their all-meat pasta sause (the famed "Bolognese Ragu") I knew I had to have a meal there on my next Phoenix excursion. Lucky for me Business takes me to PHX, so a colleague and I had dinner there a few weeks ago. My expectations were not only met but exceeded!No non-sense ordering; I'll take the house salad and the Fresh Tagliatelle with Bolognese Ragu. This is a true meat sauce with NO tomatoes. That's right, no tomatoes, no tomato sauce, only tomato paste. Almost exactly as i make it at home, but no where near as good. It was sublime! If i lived in Phoenix I'd eat here at least once a week, and will return on my next visit - guaranteed!I could go on and on about his place, the excellent service, and the fun of kibitzing with the proprietor, Richard Bock. But the food speaks for itself, and although my colleague and i ate the exact same thing, I'm certain the rest of the menu is top notch! This is how Mr. Bock operates - loads of integrity. Try it!!
5	What a perfect, friendly, tasty meal we had there last night!  The absolute quintessential italian neighborhood kind of place - a little kitchy, a lot tasty, and an inviting staff and warm and friendly owner.   Butternut Squash Ravioli in a brown butter sauce (one of the limited rotating specials) was perfect, and the very large portion of lasagna (at just $13.5) was almost as good as mom's :).  Smallish, quaint, a touch of cheese on the billboard ("As seen on TV") make it a perfect spot for a quiet romantic dinner as well as a group of 6-8.  Larger groups may be challenged as I don't *think* they take reservations - but check on that ....
4	Giuseppe's on 28th was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.I decided to get the Bolognese Ragu after seeing it featured on the show. Bolognese Ragu sauce is made up of five kinds of sausage and ground turkey, and is mixed in with homemade pasta to create the final amazing product. The pasta was awesome, and I loved the meaty sauce. It was a nice change of pace from the heavy tomato based sauces that are so common.The staff was very friendly and helpful and the owner was definitely part of the action and greeted all of the tables on several occasions. I would say that the prices were equal to the food that was put out. Not what I would consider a cheap restaurant, but not high end either. Giuseppe's would be an ideal place for a nice casual night out. Above average food and service gives Giuseppe's an above average rating of four stars.
5	A winner, though pricey.  Italian wines, friendly faces (customers AND waitstaff) and phenomenal food!  Not to be confused with Guiseppesin Scottsdale.
5	Please ignore the 3 1/2 star rating. And please ignore that Marvin dude's review from November of 2011. He clearly has some involvement in the "other Giuseppe's" and his opinion seems a bit biased.Some quick points you must know...Incredibly passionate and friendly owner. He literally walks around all night talking to each table. But it isn't the annoying kind of conversation. It's genuine. I've never left a restaurant feeling happier about the meal and the owner.Incredibly authentic food. THE best Italian food in the Phoenix area. If you're familiar with the owner's background, you know his knowledge of Italian food is for real. Also a fantastic wine list and some solid beer offerings.Incredibly cool atmosphere. I've never been to Italy but I grew up near Boston and whenever we wanted truly Italian food, we went to the North End. My brother and I felt like we were there. It's nice to be ten feet from where your food is prepared, cooked, and served.I would not hesitate for a second to recommend this to a friend or a stranger.
4	Love this place!  The food really does taste like you're eating at a Roman Trattoria. It's pretty small on the inside so watch your elbows. Its also in an unassuming location in the middle of a strip mall so keep your eyes out for the big sign that says they've been on The Food Network otherwise you might just drive on by.Their Spaghetti Carbanara may have been the best I've ever had.  Buon Appetito!
5	Some of the best Italian i've had in AZ. Love the bruschetta gorgonzola cheese with honey, the butternut squash ravioli, and the Orvieto Classico Malvasia wine.
1	I find these 5 star reviews to be incredibly suspicious. We just got back from returning our ***70 dollar take-out order*** (which consisted of 2 gnocchi, 1 bolognese, and 1 linguini and clam sauce, by the way) to a very rude and egotistical owner. We called beforehand to merely voice our concerns about this incredibly expensive, yet mediocre meal. The owner answered the phone and was not only unconcerned, but was very argumentative, saying that he "only gets a complaint once every 2 months" and that he has a "packed house." He made us feel like our opinions didn't matter in the least bit. He begrudgingly told us to bring our food back for a refund, so we did just that. When we arrived, he met us outside and argued with us a bit more, emphasizing that his 20 seat restaurant was full. When we tried to explain our concerns with the food, he said "whatever" and left, shortly returning with our refund.Food:-Clam and fettuccine-far too salty-Tomato sauce- tastes like canned-Gnocchi-mushy, no texture-Bolognese-no flavorBottom line:-Rude, arrogant owner-Bland,over-priced food-Never returning!!I really didn't want to have to write this review, since I live in the neighborhood and want this place to be good. Before it appeared on Food Network, although expensive, this place was quite good. I just don't want anyone else to waste their time and money when there are so many other good Italian restaurants to eat in Phoenix. (e.g. Aiello's)
4	Love this place!A bit cramped, and theres always a wait. Totally. Worth it.We came here for our anniversary after seeing the Diners Drive Ins and Dives episode it was featured in. Loved it.The pasta is so fresh and delicious....weve been here several times and never had a bad item off the menu.
1	The food here is decent but certainly not worth dealing with the very condescending owner. I'd much rather take my money to a place that appreciates their customers.
3	Went to this place for dinner a few weeks ago and it was great.  Went there for lunch today and was disappointed. The food is consistently good however the lack of service killed the experience today. Unlike dinner for lunch you have to walk up to the counter and place your order, pay and retrieve your own plate when ready.  I sat in the middle table which was a big mistake as people kept coming in and I had ass and elbows side to side with people waiting to get to the counter.  With the amount of lunch business you think they cold have a server like dinner.  They also do not do half orders for lunch.  Sadly I will not return for lunch but will for dinner someday.
4	We went to Scottsdale area for spring break last week, so I looked up restaurants on my "Flavortown" app, that show where Guy has reviewed (Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives).  Found this and told hubby we had to try it out one night.We got there at about 5:45 or so on a Monday or Tuesday night - figuring no wait. We were wrong. It was already full (small, only maybe 10-12 tables inside), so put name on the list.  We waited maybe 20 minutes or so.  Worth the wait.I got the pasta bolognese that they showed on the show. Delicious sauce with fresh, tender pasta.  Hubby and son got the chicken parm, their usual.  I was hoping hubby would try to osso buco so I could try that too, but oh well.  Daughter had fettucini alfredo. They liked their meals too.  They DO serve wine here now - so that must have changed since some of the past reviewers said it was BYOB.  We also had their fresh, homeade pink lemonade. LOVED it. Wow - fresh with some type of herb in it that was so good.Glad we made the trip here after the afternoon spring training baseball game. A bit pricy I guess - for 4 of us, with just one glass of wine, I think we made it out for just under $90.  Friendly staff and it's a well-oiled machine. They'll take good care of you.
5	Delicious lasagna.  Incredible Oso Bucco.  Melon and proscuitto appetizer great.Big portions. Friendly concerned owner working the room.  We will be back.
3	We had a very nice time last Saturday night at Giuseppe's on 28th. This is a very, very small restaurant, that seats only twenty or so patrons.  We arrived early and waited for about forty five minutes or so for our seats in the rear, near the kitchen.  This was actually a good place, since we had no one sitting next to us and all the other seats were on top of each other, elbow to elbow. Giuseppe's may seem like a one man show because the owner Rich is woking both ends of the house, but we believe there were three others working in the kitchen.  We started with Antipasto for $10.95, and then ordered our normal baseline meal of Chicken Breast Parmigiana for $14.95 and the Pasta Bolognese Ragu with a side of Meatballs and Sausage for $16.95, plus the $4.00 up charge.  We also had two soft drinks, which seemed expensive at $3.00 each. The food was very good for what they call: "Phoenix's Favorite Local Italian Kitchen!"  I know they've taken some heat for being on the Food Network and Guy Fieri's show "Diners, Drive-In and Dives".  But this is nothing more then a good local Italian place.  It's not gourmet, but neither are the restaurants on the show Three Star Michelin either.   Our meal ran $61.92 including taxes, but before Tip.We enjoyed ourselves and will be back.Enjoy!
4	Love the gnocci with tomato cream sauce.  I've ordered it several times and it is consistently good.  I highly suggest ordering the half size, in my experience the portions are the same only the price is lower for the half order.  I tried the mac & cheese once and while the taste was good I was appalled at the sight of the plate.  It was drowning in butter- literally.  I could feel the grease on my skin for the remainder of the day.
4	This place is great! We went here after seeing it on Diner's Drive Ins and Dives. The place was very small and crowded, but that's because the food is fantastic. Everything is homemade and very good. The lasagna was fresh and so were the raviolis. Prices were also reasonable.Love and support the local independent restaurants. We will definitely come back.
5	I arrived early, because of the warnings about how small this place is, and how crowded.  It wasn't crowded when I arrived, but filled up nicely, especially for a Tuesday night, early.  The service was excellent.  My waitress made excellent suggestions, and was prompt and courteous.  I had the homemade Mozzarella, prosciutto, olive oil and vinegar special as an appetizer, and it was great.  I made up my mind I wanted the squid ink pasta, shrimp, clams, and calamari in a light tomato sauce before I left home, and enjoyed it a lot.  I was talked into a cannoli before I left, and it was as good as any from the Bronx.  The owner walked out for a break when I was leaving, and I learned he was from Riverdale NY, which helps explain why everything was so good.I'm coming back, next time I'm in Phoenix, or I might just come for the cannolli.
5	Was in town for a softball tournament on the weekend of April 14th-15th and went to Giuseppe's on 28th for our team dinner on Saturday night.  Since we weren't sure when we would be able to arrive at the restaurant due to playing and we needed a table for 20, the owner, Richard, was nice enough to offer up his restaurant and his staff after hours at 9pm for us. How awesome is that!Richard and his staff were amazingly friendly and helpful, especially considering they were staying after hours to serve a rowdy bunch of softball players.  Between all the people in our party,  we tried a huge variety of the menu.  The food was all delicious and came flying out of the kitchen.  A few stands outs being the Veal Osso Buco and Squid Ink Pasta w/Shrimp and Calamari.  Oh and the Gorgonzola and Honey Bruschetta and the Tiramisu are MUST TRIES!A HUGE THANK YOU to Richard and his staff for a fabulous dinner. The whole team was grateful for all you did for us and very satisfied with the dinning experience you provided.
3	I have been waiting to try this place for months now. Purchased a Local Dines coupon and went the other day for lunch. First impression was a little strange as there is no table service. You are pleasantly greeted by a nice hard working elderly lady who instructs you to order at the window and then take a seat while your food is prepared. Once the food is ready she beckons to you from across the room so that you can come pick up your food in the window. Not sure if this is just a lunch thing and if dinner service has a different system but once I understood how the system worked it was fine. As for the food... We ordered the famed bolognese ragu over linguine, chicken parm., and fettuccine alfredo. My wife had the bolognese and said it was just okay. The pasta overwhelmed the dish with very little bolognese mixed in so it was a little dry and flavorless, somewhat disappointing. The chicken parm. was actually pretty tasty in my opinion and worthy of ordering again. The fettuccine alfredo was not good at all. Very basic pasta with cream. There was no real taste at all and was a total disappointment. Overall I think that this place rides on the coattails of the triple D review from Guy Fieri. I do not understand the long lines and rave reviews to be honest. Oh, one last thing... As previously mentioned we used a Local Dines $15 for $30 worth of food coupon. When I got the bill at the end the nice older lady added up the food, deducted the coupon amount,then proceeded to add 18% gratuity to the bill based on the total amount without even asking. I have no issue with a tip, but presuming 18% when there is no real table service, just a woman beckoning to you from a window, well I thought that a bit much. Yes, she did come out from behind the window and was very nice, but it was not her position to add 18% tip to a four top table. At the end of the day this place is 35 minutes from my home and in no way justifying of the drive and a follow up visit. Sorry Giuseppe's on 28th, I wish I had found a true hole in the wall to call home, but to the contrary was disappointed with your food.
3	Despite the media spotlight, I had not heard of Giuseppe's on 28th until Monday night.  With time to kill and looking to fill my stomach I asked for a recommendation from a bartender and he sent me to Giuseppe's.I found a small restaurant in a shopping center.  My guess is this place is packed and stuffy if you go at a peak hour.  I was there before 5pm so only a few of the tables were occupied.The waitress was prompt with menus and drinks.  Friendly too.Bolognese Ragu was my dinner selection.  The sound of homemade pasta is sauce and six meats sounded fantastic.  I was given a basked of fresh Italian bread while I awaited my dish.  The bread was fresh and tasty (from a local bakery according to the website).  I am partial to oven fresh bread so I was slightly disappointed at first but, hey, you can't always have it 100% to your taste.I was very impressed with the ragu.  Granted, I have nothing else to compare it with but I loved it.  So, why only 3 stars?  I'd like to give 3.5 but I can't so it gets 3.  The prices were not satisfactory.  The ragu and a can of coke came out to over $21 with tax.  For the price I paid I found the portion a bit small and $3 for a can of Coke is lunacy.  I understand a local restaurant needing to charge more but I think they could shave some of the cost off.  Especially on the pop.  To be honest, the prices will keep me away for a bit.  I'd love to try more of the menu but I can't afford to eat here too often.  One day, though, I will return.  If money is of know object to you, knock 'em dead and have a great dinner.
4	My wife heard about this restaurant from people she met in a restaurant in New Jersey. They had heard about it from tv and said their Italian food was wonderful. Of course we love a place like Pizzeria Bianco or Cibo, but have been looking for something a little less pricey. We absolutely loved our meal. We both had pasta dishes and their pasta was fresh and out of this world. Both of our sauces were also amazing, and the meatballs that went with my dish were the best I have had in years.  We had a lovely antipasto but weren't overly impressed with the bread. Our waiter, Patrick, was very knowledgeable and made a recommendation to me that helped to make my meal very special. My comment to him after our meal was, "You are the man!" On the negative side, the meal was still a tad pricey, but was absolutely worth it. We will definitely go back and are excited to try some of their other pasta dishes.
4	A little pricey but good portions and great food!
4	Luca swims wit da marinara...............Hey! Buono! Moto Buono!You have got to get into the Lincoln or Cadi and get over to G's on 28th.  This is the kinda place you find in New York (yes Irene I have been And lived there so fughedaboudid!!!).  Its real small, the people are very kind but curt and will tell you what to do and you will not sit at a table for 4 if you are only a 2 top.  Ok?! Now lets get started.  If you get there when it is not busy you are told to pick your table (remember the rule wise guy!). We declined wine/cocktail or beer, since we (lil ms. longlegs n I) were going to the movies after eating and we did not want to get the tireds n slows.  So we ordered water and ice tea which came in plastic cups (this was why I gave it only 4 stars).  Lil Ms. Longlegs ordered the bruschetta for her main meal (you get to choose which ones you want) I ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana with the homemade pasta.  We thought the bruschetta was adequate (bread was not overly impressive) but the Eggplant was divine.  Sliced thin and very lightly breaded with thin sliced mozzarella and the sauce was very good (a little tame for me but still excellent).  We both thought that for the food and ambiance their pricing was a little on the high side.  We will go back and try some of their other dishes.  This place was on Food Channel which we figured it would be an "11" on a scale of 1 to 10.  I give it a 8.2, Ms. L.L. gave it a 9.  Ciao Piasanos.
4	Visited Giuseppe's while in Phoenix on a business trip. My bosses had heard about this restaurant from Diners Drive-In's and Dives. I was surprised that the restaurant was so small, but it was a comfy atmosphere. There were three of us and we shared the Chef's salad. It was VERY good! Definitely big enough to share and it was evenly proportioned with dressing. Could have eaten the whole thing by myself if I had a choice. I ordered the Pasta Alfredo-Limencello and it was alright, not the best. I ordered Tiramisu for dessert and it was AMAZING! Definitely worth ordering. Overall it was a very nice dinner and I would return if I'm ever in the area again.
5	If you don't love Guissepe's, you don't love Italian. Kindly find your way to a chain restaurant that serves bland, unseasoned, frozen-then/microwaved meats, sauces that are fit for an old folks home and an "endless" pasta and salad bar. Go to these places, because Guissepe's is not for you.  It's for lovers of true Northern/Northeast American Italian cuisine. Chicken Parm that is fried, NOT baked, thank you very much. Meatballs that use beef, veal and pork. Sauce that use LOTS of salt, as it should be. Leave your dietary worries at home. In a word: perfecto.Robert's passion for music (he's a well known accomplished cellist in NY circles) and food is unparalleled. He is without peer in the state of Arizona. But be warned... there ain't no endless pasta bowl here. Their weekday lunches are equally superior. This is Italian the way we had it growing up in North Jersey.
4	this is a great little restaurant if you're looking for genuine italian cuisine and not the chain restaurant versions tweaked for american taste.  very casual friendly atmosphere, but very small and neighbor-hoody with spartan decor.  Wish the chairs were a little more comfortable, but then the food makes up for it.   a rare find in phoenix.  worth the drive if you know the difference between average and very good italian.
5	We had heard about this delightful little place on DD&D and were in Scottsdale for less than 2 days and had to try it out.  It was everything and then some.  Super nice staff, great ambiance and the food was amazing.  I started with the Aperol Spritz, so refreshing, so different, it's a must.  We ordered the calamari and rice balls for appetizers.  Calamari with that broth was just delicious.  The rice balls were light and flavorful.  I had the Lemoncello pasta and my husband ordered the bolognese pasta.  Out of this world.  The pasta was fresh homemade, the sauces were perfect.  Tiramisu and Cannoli ended the meal, just as amazing as the appetizers and entrees.  I so wish my hometown had an independent Italian restaurant like this, more towns across the country need a Giuseppe's.
2	The food is so-so to average ....... and then it falls off the cliff .......                             The prices are OVER-THE-TOP !!!!       *This is an EGO DRIVEN Restaurant       *Signs all over the place ....... about The Food Network       If you have an yen for an OVER-RATED experience ....GO                    You won't be disappointed
1	This place has nothing going! They don't know basic importance about Italian bread. It's disgusting places like this are open and people rave about it. Guy would be ticked if he saw what they're serving. It sure ain't money baby any more or on point. Also it's pricy ! I think they got a license to steal !
3	This was just "ok" for me.  I didnt love it.  I really, really wanted to since my aunt/uncle raved about it.  We started with 2 apps.  Calamari and the arrancini.  Both were good.  I had chicken parm and I actually prefer a thinner chicken breast( butterflied).  The breading was soggy, not that light and crispy like I prefer.  The red sauce was just ok.  My uncle makes amazing red sauce that has a great depth of flavor.  This sauce was a little "tinny" and lacking for me.  My tummy didnt like it either, I was burping it up all night.   My partner had baked ziti and I actually hated this.  Trying a bite of hers, made me crave my baked ziti.  This baked ziti had a huge lump of ricotta on top( not mixed in).  To me, that is not proper baked ziti.  The pasta wasnt sauced enough either.  My aunt had eggplant.  cant comment on that since I despise eggplant.  She loved it though.  My uncle had a pasta dish that had brocolli rabe and gemelli pasta.  They subbed out chicken for the sausage so my uncle was happy.  The bread was so/so.  The salad was basic.  The dressing wasnt emulsified ( pool of oil on the bottom of the plate). My homemade flourless choc. cake was the best thing about the meal.  The owner was very nice, but I was just not that impressed with this food.  I've had way better Italian food in S. Florida.  Cheaper too.
4	Have been going here for years.  Never disappointed; now that have a liquor license now; very good selections (if I drank alcohol any longer)...The food has always been stellar (especially homemade pastas), and service has been great; now, the "outdoor" seating has been added; to make it more appealing; I will definitely be back.
5	This place makes me happy.  I love the purity of it.  Its a super small place, nestled in a retail center next to a water and ice store.  The same staff is always there, including the owner. Service is typically straight forward and gets the job done.  To me, its all about the fresh pasta. I can't seem to steer away from the Bolognese ragu. Its actually pretty light with long pasta and ground meats (7 different kinds?)   My wife usually goes with the gnocchi, which she raves about as well. We tried the bruschetta, definitely go for the fig, goat and prosciutto.  The wine list is very fair. Most bottles are 90+ and around $30-$40.  2 critical thoughts: Remove the "As seen on Dives, Diners and Drive-ins" on the front sign, let the food stand it for itself. Add fresh grated parmesan instead of the store bought pizza shakers.  Overall, a big fan of this place. Not going to impress a hot date with the ambiance, and can get loud due to small size, but its simply all about the food.
3	My office ordered take-out and I had the sausage sandwich... I'll probably die with a sausage sandwich in hand. I wasn't really pleased with my order; I guess that I had some build-up because this place has been on TV.  I totally understand it's hard to judge a restaurant from ordering take-out so I'll probably try this place again and have my meal there.
4	Took me two years to get there, but loved the food, casual atmosphere. My wife does not like red sauces so she had the pasta with lemon cello (sp) with ham, very good. I loved the fresh pasta, ragu sauce of my dish. Excellent!
5	some of the best pasta you will ever have in a place you wouldn't expect it. The pasta is amazing and it's made fresh daily.  the bruschetta is also really good. I always get the carbonara or the bolognese. Come hungry cause the big portions will fill you up pretty quick.
3	I usually love hole in the wall places.  The service usually ends up being great but the service here was a little slow and seemed in disarray.  I ordered the garlic bread which was your average bread and yummy.  The bolognese was great, but it's also hard to mess up bolognese in my opinion.  There wasn't anything super spectacular about it, so at the end of the day, very average.
1	It's so funny...these people take the time to post the menu for each day online...and then don't have it.   We planned all week to eat Osso Bucco on Saturday, and then they don't have it!  Someone forgot to heat it up...that's what they said!   Service?  Ugh.  Food?  How would I know?  they couldn't come up with my entree!Now we're down to 2699 OTHER Italian restaurants in this town to try...
4	It took me several tries to be able to a table at this restaurant but I've now been here twice recently and have enjoyed every bite.  The butternut squash ravioli is amazing.  If you're up to try something a little different the spaghetti Neri is great.  It was my first time trying squid ink pasta and it was so delicious I will eat it again.  The cannoli is authentic tasting and not overly sweet.  I'd like to see them expand the beer selection but other than that this little restaurant is great and obviously others agree since it took me several tries to get in.
5	Excellent eggplant parm!  Next time I'll try the meatballs.
5	Rarely does a restaurant exceed my expectations; however my visit to Giuseppe's was one of those rare occasions. The staff could not have been more welcoming and friendly. Our waiter Steven was EXCEPTIONAL. He was helpful and extremely knowledgeable regarding the food and the wine list. The food was fantastic top to bottom. Everything tasted fresh and bursting with flavor. I shared the "Da California" salad with a friend (Avocado & Cherry tomatoes, Black Olives).  It was absolutely delicious. I ordered the Bolognese Ragu that Giuseppe's is famous for (six meats) served over fresh made pasta. If I had to request a last meal this might be it, the Bolognese Ragu was phenomenal the pasta was perfect. I travel almost every week and eat at places all over the country and this has to be one the best experiences I've ever had. I will be going back as soon as I get back to Phoenix.
1	I have never written a review before but felt i had to.  This place sucks!  Went here with 3 other friends for dinner.   My osso buco was below average, flavorless, and dry.   We had garlic bread which was 5 pieces of cold, stale french bread drizzled with olive oil and dried oregano.  R u kidding me??  My guests were disappointed with their dishes as well and the dinner was not deserving of such high prices.  Some of it came out cold!   Dinner for 4 of us was WAY overpriced.  Only thing good was desert.  Service was just OK, but he didnt take much time to check on us.  The owner thinks he's a 5 star chef.  Gimme a break dude.  Plastic water cups with these prices??  Go to North, or any other place for that matter.  Sign out front is super tacky.  Guy Fieri must have been stoned when he reviewed this place, or else the quality has sunk.  I believe it was years ago anyways.
5	Service and food was excellent!! Red sauce is to die  for! Pregnant girl's dream!! Steve was an awesome Server. Order the risotto balls!
2	First impression: Not great. We had menu shock when we saw the dinner prices. Dinner for 2 here, will run you around $50 or more. For prices in that range with this atmosphere, it's appalling that they serve drinks in plastic party cups, and soda comes in a can.... No refills. Seriously. The food... Meh. I've had better for half the price... Actually a third of the price. Just because they were featured on food network, doesn't mean it's worth going to. In fact... Restaurants PAY THOUSANDS to shows like DD&D just to be featured.
4	I'v been to Giuseppe's a couple times, and the food is very reasonably priced considering its quality and authenticity.  Giuseppe is a "hands on" restaurateur and definitely knows his wine as well as his Italian.Everything here is amazing - in particular the Veal Osso Buco and the Squid Ink pasta - but you won't go wrong no matter what you choose.  This place also has the best Tiramisu I've ever tried.  Already looking forward to my next visit.
4	Tucked in a small hole in a strip mall, this little place actually serves really good food! It was on DDD for a reason!  Small but with charm and a really pleasant women behind the counter for lunch, we ordered and shared a meatball sub and italian sausage with sweet peppers sub. We also started with the prosciutto and melon. The appetizer was amazing, just like I got in Italy. The sandwiches were both fantastic, I am still trying to decide which was my favorite. They had plenty of cheese and sauce and were falling apart and messy and yummy just the way a saucy italian sandwich should be!They have ice tea and a variety of soda's and italian sodas but they are in a can fyi. Tables are a little close but the food was worth at as well as the service. We did have a local dines voucher for half off the meal but the prices were really great. We really felt like we got out money's worth and would go back in a second without the coupon.  I will be back to try many more things on their menu!
2	Not food network worthy yet they claim Guy has been there and loved it was highly unimpressed not going back ever
4	Best pasta I've ever had at a restaurant.Service was too slow otherwise it would have 5 stars.Go!
4	To start, the clams were great with the garlic bread. You have to get the bread to sop up all the sauce. Then for the main course the homemade pasta was memorable and very delicious. My only wish was that they would roll the pasta thinner so it's not as overwhelming for each bite. It's definitely some good Italian and I wish it was closer to home. Owner was very engaged and remembered many of the guests by name. Even us as first timers after we introduced ourselves.
3	First, this place is very small and though accommodating, a little too crammed in there. They would benefit from taking at least one table out so that customers and servers can maneuver to and from the tables. The  server we had last night was awesome...very friendly and made our experience great. The food was ok. We started with a house salad that was seriously over-dressed. I had the bolognese and my boyfriend had the baked ziti. My pasta seemed homemade and the sauce was a tad bland but still pretty good. The baked ziti was good. Nothing special. I felt it was quite over priced. $50 for one salad, garlic bread, and two mediocre pasta dishes. Not sure if we will return because there just wasn't anything special about the place other than Diners, drive-ins and dives went there. I'd sure like to know what Guy ordered. I also think they have a new owner so I can't compare it to how it used to be.
2	I have to say my visit today was a letdown. We had the risotto rice balls that were clearly not made fresh as the breaking was soggy and not crispy the way it should be. The meatballs were okay and slightly above average size, but $2 each?  Out pasta dinners were very good though. My carbonara was good as it usually is. My gf had a sausage with broccoli rabe that was good, but it could have done with a bit less oil. Considering the prices, I expected more. It has been a few months since I have been here and the prices seem to have gone up on several items.
4	My husband and I ate dinner here a few weeks ago after living nearby for some time.  The service is wonderful here, and the food is very good.  The space is a little cramped, which is really my only complaint.  Arrive earlier than normal dinner time if you don't want to wait for a table
5	If anyone ever asks you where your favorite italian food is just go ahead and tell them Giuseppe's on 28th! Trust me when I tell you that you cant find anything this side of NYC or the North end of Boston that even comes close! Small and comfortable local eatery, home made pasta that blows the mind and a meat sauce that has 7 kinds of meat. LOVELY!Do yourself a favor and stop in this joint for some eggplant and glass of wine, it will change your day!enjoy!Brook
4	We went to this restaurant after learning of it from Diners Drive Ins and Dives TV show.  The food was FANTASTIC!  Love the little place and the atmosphere.  However, the menu is a bit pricey as it was $70 dollars for two persons (including desert and appetizer).   In all, a very pleasant experience and the good was very good!
5	Pros: Lots of variety on the menu. Clean, warm, and welcoming. Casual dining, close to our home, easy to find, and plenty of parking.Cons: Sometimes, they cut their home made pasta too thick; but I don't mind. Traditional, heavy Italian dishes. Not for people who are on diets.
4	Very high quality Italian food in a small, strip mall restaurant setting.   Handmade, fresh pasta: tagliatelle with bite and chewy cavatelli.  Bolognese ragu was excellent, wonderfully meaty and rich and without too much sauce or oil.   Delicious butternut ravioli and bruschetta.  (5/5 in quality for food)Wild boar ragu was slightly too oily and salty for my taste.Setting is a bit cramped for the high caliber of the food.The owner is a symphony musician who studied cooking in Italy for 9 years, and his dedication to his craft shines through in his food (musicians are the biggest foodies:)).
5	Anyone that give this restaurant less than 5 stars has no idea what they are talking about.  It is a restaurant that is for foodies.  It is NOT fancy, because that is not the point! Everything is made to ORDER and is fresh!  I have been here several times and think it is a fantastic spot.  Get to know the owner Richard. He is awesome. Tell him you like wine and he will pull something out that will surprise you.  Tell him you like good grappa and he will shock you!  If you think the restaurant is crowded go home! This is a true little hole in the wall! If you think the food is expensive, try and make home made Italian food on your own... Not happening cheaply! Oh, add a bottle of wine and guess what it gets even harder!  What is surprising is that Giuseppe's does NOT hit you for expensive wine.  Everything is reasonable. This is a restaurant for people that love good food!EAT, DRINK, and enjoy!
1	I was visiting family and we decided to go out to eat and found this place 5 minutes from my sisters house.  We stood at the front for 15 minutes with no acknowledment from ANY employee (we did show up kind of late so if it was because they were closing soon all they had to do was say so instead of ignoring potential future customers, the restaurant was not packed and there were servers standing inside talking to one another). I also let them know on their Facebook book page and my comment was later deleted. An apology would have been nice along with a "we hope you would consider giving us a try again" instead of just, again, ignoring potential future customers. I'm from Arizona but am not currently living there because my husband is in the air force and is stationed in Idaho. I will not recommend this restaurant to any of our friends or service men heading that way because of their sheer lack of consideration of their patrons. I do not want to lead them to a bad experience when there are plenty of great places to eat in phoenix that do not need the help of a "as seen on food network" sign to attract business. (We ended up at Tomaso's in Phoenix with great customer service and delicious food!)
1	"They don't need your help. You probably waited 5 min and have now wasted more time out of your life. Armed service people?!?Yea so they can ask for a military discount for not being able to make a real life choice about direction. Take orders as a server , then talk to yelp bout educated disappointments of yours." -CatchM T.First of all this was my experience at this restaurant and I do not need any "compliments" from anyone telling me that it wasn't. Since you would like to know, I've never been a server because I do not want to be one but I'm sure it's so much more harder than being a "armed service people" (as you like to call them). I do however know a thing or two about customer service  (my review says the servers were standing around talking to one another meaning they could have easily taken the 10 seconds to walk over and say they were no longer taking anymore customers or whatever the reason was). The one thing people in customer service know is the customers pay your bills! Without them you're broke and out of business! That is why It doesn't matter if it's a $2 check or if business is doing so well that you don't need or care for any new customers, you should always treat the last customer just as good, if not better, than the first. I'm also sure people could care less but I can also talk to yelp A bout any educated disappointments I would like.
4	It was our last night in Phoenix, and we had a nice dinner at Elements, so my wife wanted to eat at another Diners, Drive In's, and Dive's restaurant.  With Italian blood running through her veins, she wanted Italian and already had decided she needed to have authentic tiramisu.  We did, and I a cannoli, which was good, as was the cappuccino.  We also had the melon and prosciutto.  A quaint place, popular and fun.  They pride themselves for being on Triple D, and rightly so.  Nice place.
3	I went to Giuseppe's last night to use a daily deal I had bought awhile back. This place definitely had some positives and has the potential to be a four star place, but there were a few things that brought it down for me. I will start with the positive: the gnocchi was good, and the recommendation to add asparagus was spot on, the marinara was also pretty good and the bf liked his chicken parm. On to the negative: our server was very nice, but he disappeared for about 15 minutes while we were waiting for the check. When he returned, he said he had to answer the phones but he smelled like he had been taking a smoke break...not cool. We got their rice balls for an app and they were less than stellar....kind of soggy, not crispy like other arancini. Overall, the food was tasty and if the service was a little better, i could see giving 4 stars, but for now it is just ok, but I would give it another chance in the future.
5	Absolutely phenomenal! The bruschetta was some of the best we have had. I got the carbonara and my husband got the lasagna. Both were incredible. The carbonara was made with homemade pasta and it was outstanding. Get there early because the restaurant is small and fills up fast. Service was excellent! We will definitely be back!
2	I don't understand why anyone likes this place.  I ordered the fresh pasta and found it heavy and tasteless.   It is also very expensive considering for what I paid here I can dine in much better places.  I find the Food Network sign on the outside a little tasteless also.
1	The food has no taste.  I went here for my birthday because we saw it on TV.  I have no idea how anyone can give this place a good rating.  If you like tasty food please go somewhere else.  Not even my 3 year old son liked it.
4	Went here because I knew that it was on Diners, Drive In's and Dives and really enjoyed the family atmosphere and the food.  Getting to hear about the experiences to this place after national televised exposure was absolutely amazing.  The expansion they have had to do and the quality service and food they provided while doing all that is amazing.  I will definitely go back when I get back to the Phoenix area.
5	I have no idea how anyone could give this place less than five stars. Unless you were expecting it to actually be Italy?It's in Phoenix. Hello? It's next to a Water and Ice. If you're expecting a five star hotel then you're going to the wrong place. If you are a true foody and love hole in the wall-owner serves you-best italian food in AZ type places then this is your place.The bruchetta is AMAZING. I don't know where they get their tomotoes, but I would gladly give a whole month's salary to find out.The Bolognese Ragu is so so so good. I can't order anything else. My husband always gets the chicken parmsean with the homemade pasta and it's to die for. I think the prices are right for what you're getting. I would gladly pay $200 for the bolegnese ragu.The desserts are amazing as well. All I can say is if you love food and your in this area GO.
5	If when you go out for Italian Food and you think that Olive Garden, Buca di Beppo or even Babbo has great Italian Food, Giuseppe's is probably NOT the place for you. If like me, you grew up thinking that your friend Vinnie's mothers daily offering of Italian Food, with aromas wafting all through the apartment building, was something very special and real Italian Food - THIS IS IT! You will have found Nirvana, as have I!Until now, I had almost given up hope for what I call "Old World Italian Food" prepared with love and the most incredible ingredients available. It is here and being served in a friendly small environment by a knowledgeable and wonderful wait staff.  Not to mention that  the Owner is usually present and generally talks to everyone, making certain that all are satisfied. Now I ask you, is that PRIDE or what?Based on talking with adjacent Diners, everything on the Menu;  both the "Today's Menu" (Changes sometimes daily) and the "Full Menu," seems to be pretty fabulous and receiving "Rave Reviews" from my fellow Diners!Looking at previous Reviews, as well as Guy Fieri's recommendation, I had to have the Bolognese Ragu on my first visit. I have yet to have everything on the menu, but here are the choices I have made on my visits to date and each is NOT to be missed:        Bolognese Ragu - Don't ask! Just order it. Seven meats and homemade          Pasta that lives up to all of the previous fabulous Reviews! Like so many         before me, I am not certain I can eat here ever without having this incredible         dish, which leaves little room for anything else. Share with a friend so you can         have more of their remarkable dishes.        Burrata (Appetizer) - Mozzarella like you have never had. Do NOT overlook it         if  it is available. The description doesn't do it justice, but it is described as         a "ball of mozzarella filled with shredded mozzarella and cream." If you love         Mozzarella -this is "MOZZARELLA MECCA!"         Antipasto (Appetizer) - An absolute work of art! Do NOT be fooled by the         Menu designation of Small (they also have Large), it is NOT small, but can be         shared by two (I refuse to share!)  Incredible morsels of meat, cheese and         vegetables, with the proper amount of dressing.        Pasta e Fagioli (Appetizer) - I have a friend who says you can judge ALL         Italian Restaurant by their Pasta e Fagioli. This is a light (meant to be, it's an         Appetizer!) flavorful mixture of beans and pasta that is oh so satisfying, with         just a hint of spice.        Spaghetti and our Famous Meatballs - Not to be confused with your Mothers,         as she probably could not make this rendition. The meatballs in my sampling         were made from Veal with Ricotta and other special ingredients. If spaghetti         and meatballs were like this everywhere, we would all be Italian! Hint - you         can have the meatballs alone as an appetizer or a side dish.        Bread and Olive Oil - Nothing remarkable about the bread here, which is a         surprise, but it is the Olive Oil (with Giuseppe's label on it) that is the star. No         Balsamic needed, just pure goodness with salt and pepper to your own taste.         Take a bottle home (I have!) and pair it with your favorite bread.Giuseppe's has definitely replaced The Restaurant (Now Pizzeria Bianco) as my favorite Phoenix Italian Restaurant. The love, pride and caring that has gone into each and every dish is more than apparent. There is no need to go elsewhere, unless for a diversion you wish to go to Andreoli Italian Grocer for their bread! Between these two you will be in "Italian Food Heaven!"
5	Scuse me sir..... May I have som more please...This place is good! Homemade, fresh, well prepared... And yea a bit expensive.... This is so aaaaa ,,,,,,get what you pay for situation here folks....Bolognese amazing....I could go on but.... Geeez get up get out and get some.....
4	Came to this place because of triple ds. We got the Bolognese ragu pasta, Alfredo pasta with chicken, ravioli, and Gorgonzola with sage and walnuts. All were very good. Pasta were very thick, making the dishes heavy. Everyone was very nice and service was good. We were here for lunch. Only thing was this place is pretty pricey. 4 pasta dishes ran us around $60+ and two were only half orders.  Anyways, that was the only down side, I guess I'm still struggling in the price department.  But don't let that stop you from deciding for yourself.
4	Great little get-a-away from the strip mexican food. It was recomended by a valet guy and it was great.
5	Wow! Tiny little place in a strip mall serving up great Italian food! The Risotto Rice Balls are delicious. Service is friendly - and welcoming. Give it a try?
5	We have been going to Giuseppe's on 28th for over 10 years when it was first a BYOB. But, we love the fact that they now offer a wonderful wine list and Italian beer. The owner is always in the restaurant and there to offer you special dishes or suggestions when it comes to wine. It is authentic Italian food as he learned to cook in Florence. Just love this place!!! You won't be disappointed!
5	What a wonderful experience! We actually were told about this local gem by a waiter at another restaurant. Then we found out that they had also been featured on one of my favorite shows, Diners and Drive Ins so I figured if it got raves from Guy I couldn't pass up a chance to visit too. From the first friendly hello when you enter the door you are treated as if you are an old friend even if  you're a first time visitor like I was.  The food is amazing. Homemade pasta is so yummy. Be advised, portions are very generous-so share or be prepared to take home leftovers, which is not a bad thing. Everything from appetizers to deserts can be shared and you will still leave feeling very satisfied and very happy that you have been to Giuseppe's on 28th.
1	Doesn't matter how good the may be, if you get bad service, the whole evening is ruined. This was a return visit, so we knew about the limited seating. The wait was a half an hour, not something I have patience for but since we were with friends, we stuck it out. After we were finally seated, it was 45 minutes before we were served our entrees and then we got one by itself and the rest of the table had to wait for theirs. It would be understandable if the whole restaurant was slow, but two other tables who came in after us were served before we were. Our server kept saying "I'm sorry for the wait" as her mantra.  I'm sorry, too, for a very unpleasant experience.
5	I love this place! It's one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix, definitely the best Italian in town I've had. Everything is so fresh, made from scratch and delicious; I love their homemade pasta! They also offer gluten-fee pasta, which I greatly appreciate. Yum! The service is also very friendly.
4	After three visits I am hooked! Great little place. I tried this place because of a local dines deal and now keep going back. Two time everything was 100% perfect. This last time the bread on my meatball sub was just a little hard, actually really hard but the meatballs are so good that I overlooked it! I have had the lasagna which was very flavorful and lots of cheese and sauce. The appetizers are great as well as the pasta fagiolli. The canolli is a great choice for dessert. Service is always friendly and fast. Food hot and fresh. The place is small but worth the wait. The owner was asking everyone how their meals were. Nice to see him involved and taking care of customers.
5	This is one of my favorite Italian restaurants that reminds me a lot of the little Italian family style restaurants you can find in little Italy and other places around NYC. I come here about 3-4 times a month to get my Italian fix:) The staff is super friendly and treats you like your family. The owner, Richard, is often there and loves to talk so get ready for a great conversation about the history of the restaurant etc!  Its a very small restaurant and seating is limited. I personally like sitting inside because its warm and cozy! There is outside seating but it looks out onto a shopping center parking lot which to me is not appealing to me at all. The food here is AMAZING! Portions are quite large and can easily be spit in half to share. They have been on the TV show Diner, Drive-ins and Dives, which is where I got my motivation to make the drive over there. I would recommend the calamari to start and/or the bruschetta, which offers 4 choices of toppings. For the main course I always get the Spagetti Neri, which is squid ink pasta with a TON of seafood. If you like seafood this is definitely the dish for you! The Bolognese is also an excellent choice. To top it off at the end of my meal I like to take a conolli, which is always made fresh and oh so yummy!
4	Went here for an outing with six other friends. I do not recommend this since the place is small and quaint, however, we were very lucky and scored tables pushed together right away.The garlic bread was deliciously heavy on the garlic and butter. Despite being drenched, it's texture was surprisingly still crisp on the outside and soft in the inside. (You order by the basket for $4, otherwise, you get regular bread which is meh).The baked ziti was perfect. The penne pasta was perfectly cooked. The ricotta cheese was nicely proportionally mixed in with the pasta and sauce. Its a simple dish, yet satisfying.The tiramisu was also mouthwateringly delicious. Its consistency was very mousse-like  making it basically melt in your mouth after every bite.
4	Food was amazing!  Would have given 5 stars but soda was from the can served in a plastic cup.
5	We had the signature bolognese, spaghetti and meatballs, and the penne al salmone.  I'm not Italian but I know that all the dishes we had tonight were made from scratch and with great ingredients.
5	Flawless experience! Service was amazing, very friendly staff! Great lil mom and pop type feel to it. Food was out of this world. Very laid back atmosphere.. Nice surprise for a little hole in the wall Italian restaurant. The lasagna and veal meatballs were on point!
5	Richard never disappoints. The food is always amazing. The wine perfecto.. And the service great. What's not to like.
5	A small little restaurant with big taste.I had the pasta fagioli, casear salad and lasagna. The soup was excellent. Nice and light. The salad was superb!! Fresh crispy romaine lightly tossed with fresh dressing. Definitely not bottled.The lasagna, although small in portion, was RICH. It was simple and not overpowered by sausage and frill. The cheese...oh my the cheese! They do not skimp on cheese. Every single fattening cheesy bite was worth it!It was nice to see the owner in there and he gladly took a picture with our group. Very cool!
1	Avoid. Expensive wine list and our waiter pulled a wine scam on me.  The wine list here is ridiculously expensive. I ordered the least expensive bottle of Chianti for $32 ( what they call "house",  and this is not a fancy place) and I got attitude for it!  Our waiter asked: "Wasn't I sure I wanted the next step up at $38?" I did not want to pay more. Even after I accepted the tasting, the wandering owner of the place shot our waiter a look like "dig Mr. Cheapskate over there..." The waiter poured three half glasses from our bottle. Then the waiter took the bottle away. ( Bad sign, in retrospect) When I asked for the rest of the bottle, he said we finished it! I know wine bottles and there were  more than three half glasses in that bottle. I asked if he was sure and he said yes. Rather than create a scene with my party - a buzz kill for sure to argue over this -  I ordered three more glasses  - at an additional $24. The waiter opened a new bottle, poured, and guess what, there was about a half bottle left!  I was not happy! Not happy about the brazen attitude for ordering a $32 bottle or the very short first bottle. I think I was scammed.  Every order should be respected. The food was good, I admit, and reasonably priced but it must act as a lure to soak you on the wine. They do carry out and this would be the only way to enjoy this place, in my opinion.Better yet, try someplace else.
4	Mac n cheese was awesome!
3	After a bad experience with a friend several months ago (mostly our server,) I decided to try again a couple more times with a New Times deal. The food isn't bad, although a bit overpriced (a friend told me they raised their prices after being featured on DDD several years ago). The eggplant parmesan was good. The first time I went back, my server asked me after placing my salad and entree order if I would like some garlic bread. I said sure, thinking it would be complimentary as it often is at Italian places, and she said it casually enough to make it seem so. I do not recall seeing it on the menu. I got my bill and it was $4. I later noticed it was on the menu board which seems to be geared for their takeout customers. The second time I declined when she offered garlic bread again, and I even declined the basic bread and butter she offered me later because I wasn't sure how much it would cost! In my opinion, that would be like a Mexican restaurant offering you chips and salsa and then charging you for it. If I want to pay for it, I will order it. Given the offerings in the area with bar seating and similar, if not lower prices, I will probably not return any time soon.
5	Best chicken parm in town.
3	Great food and service. Found this place on IDine and it was featured on triple D with guy. Small but have both in and outside tables.
5	The paso buco was excellent. The service was friendly and efficient. A bit pricy, but the serving size was very good; two of us happily fed. Must mention the great sauce, rich and perfectly seasoned. We started with a Giuseppe salad, which was also large and satisfying. Strong recommendation .
2	I have to agree with those reviewers who questioned the 4 and 5 stars, I am amazed.  Have been there three times.  Once not bad, I had the clam sauce our group of 8 had a variety of dishes and everyone was fairly happy.  We had waited over an hour at the bar up the street, maybe we were just hungry and a little drunk.  Owner started out rude then warmed up when he heard the group was from the East.Went back a second time because a friend had heard good things.  Many items other than pasta were "sold out"...  This time the rude owner did not warm up...The only reason I went back a third time last week was because another couple heard about them on the food network and really wanted to try it.  Let me just say, none of us will be back.  The owner again was rude food less than mediocre wine by the glass was undrinkable.This is the first negative review I have ever given.  But when i saw those 4s and 5s I just couldn't believe it.I can live with the food being "fine" but I can not give that kind of money to an owner who treats his customers as if they are lucky to have gotten a seat in his crowded old school room.
4	While waiting for my "lost" bags to arrive, my daughter searched Yelp to find a good restaurant.   Dislike chain restaurants and wanted a locally owned establishment.  Blown away!  Excellent staff, great tasting Sangiovese and the pasta fabulous.   My daughter selected the ravioli and being a college student ordered the gnocchi as well.  She loved it.  My linguine  with roasted shrimp, spinach and tomatoes tasted light and fresh. Great price too ($17).  We will go back!
1	I went to Guiseppe's February 19th with another person.  It was a disappointing dinner.  Water was served in plastic cups and the napkins were paper.  Both dishes we ordered were tasteless -- adding cheese on top did not help.  The dish I ordered was a mushroom "stew" over ravioli dough.  The second time I found myself chewing something very gritty, I called the waitress over and told her the food either had sand or broken glass in it. I gave her a piece of the grit I had taken out of my mouth and, after a long examination by the owner & staff, the owner said he thought it was crystallized sugar.  I think it was dirty mushrooms.  Regardless, I then replaced that dish with pasta fagioli, a little greasy with  90% broth.  Not good. The avocado/tomato salad was delicious.  However, I thought an owner who wanted return business would have comped my meal or, at the least, have offered free coffee or dessert.  Nope!  I will not be back.
5	Redemption
1	Well I held out on writing a review based off my 1st experience,  which was two weeks ago.  I called in a order to carry out.  I ordered shrimp fettuccine Alfredo with fig and marscopone purchtuo burchettas. When I got home it was terrible.  The pasta is home made so it's super thick.  Four small shrimp and hardly no Alfredo sauce, I mean dry. That fake bruccetta is hard and dry.  So I called a spoke to Cindy and explained that I lived far from the location.  It practically took me an hour to get there and I couldn't come back.  So she put the owner in the phone and we worked out a deal that I would get a $27.00 credit the next time I came in. Fast forward to today which was a couple of weeks later. When I arrived Cindy wasn't there but the owner Richard was.  So I explained who I was and he remembered. So he said I can give you a $17.00 credit because you ate the meal didn't you?  I didn't even touch that dry mess. So being pressured and embarrassed of what the phone conversation was and what he was saying to my face and the place was packed and I didn't want to argue.  I just ordered their signature dish, the Osso buco to- go again. So the waiter rang me up and I ended up paying them about $15.00 additional dollars.  I was pissed off. But I figured well maybe it will be worth it.I get home and make nice salads for me and my husband to accompany the meal still with high hopes because it looks good and the meat is falling off the bone. So we eat it with disappointment.  The sauce is tasteless I mean no flavor at all the bread was dry.I will never return. I will go to Olive garden which I far better than this place. Or just wait to go back to New York and eat authentic Italian at Carmine's or Rao's in Vegas. Or for great bruccettas go to Postionos.I don't know why this place is crowded.  The food is bland and it's so tiny.  I have been to several DDD destinations this one is a BIG miss.
5	Everything was great! The apps were okay we got the bruschetta and pasta fagioli I was raised Italian some I'm pretty critical om those two things.. We ordered gnocchi with the pink cream sauce , shrimp ravioli with garlic butter sauce with red pepper flakes let me say when you cut into the ravioli the oil blends so good and the ricotta just melts out.. Last the eggplant app which was like a round eggplant pizza with no bread it was eggplant done right !! Sliced thin and fried perfect you need to eat here !!! New Jersey New York style right in Phoenix !
5	Great for takeout and eat in. Great gnocchi. Fast and consistent takeout. Friendly staff.
2	Well wanted to try some new Italian place today, so went to Giuseppe's on 28th we live a long way from here and was hoping it was good!!! Guess I was expecting to much, it was okay not great!!! Pasta is so thick, never had it like that and would have preferred it thinner! Server was very nice, polite and helpful! Too far to go a second time and try something else, so probably won't be returning!!! Where or where can you find a great Italian restaurant, have tried so many, the chain ones are better than any one of a kind and I'm tired of those????
5	Best Italian food I've had in a long time. As a Brooklynite who has been traveling for most of this year, I was happy to discover Giuseppe's is ran just like the old classic pizzerias I'm used to. Rich, the owner, even came over and helped talk to me & my friend, who were traveling through the southwest. That's when I realized he himself was from New York as well! Our server was a sweet, attentive, older woman who knowledgably guided us through the menu. The perfect meal: all the ingredients were fresh ( we enjoyed the mozzarella bursts over prosciutto and arugula // 4 different types of bruschetta // and hand made chicken parm) What a breathe of fresh air! I recommend this place to all locals and tourists alike.
5	Totally awesome experience. We decided to celebrate our anniversary here and it was a great choice. Yes, the restaurant is small, but that really doesn't matter as all one needs is one table to seat four people. The waiter was full of helpful hints and suggestions as this was our first visit here. After deciding on a bottle of Chianti, we began with a plate of calamari and a side of garlic bread, hmmmm, yummy. Then we all had different main courses--butternut squash ravioli, spaghetti neri, penne al Santa Fe, and penne al salmone. However, two of us switched to the house fresh pasta, which was awesome. If you have only experienced store-bought pasta then you may not be prepared for the wholesome goodness of true homemade pasta. The flavor of each dish was wonderful. We then indulged in dessert. The creme brulee and key lime tart both were excellent (although we were all stuffed by then). The portions were just right and the whole dining experience was awesome.
3	Let me just say the food is awesome!  Unfortunately, that's not always enough.  This is a ridiculously small restaurant. If you are more than a party of two, be prepared to be cramped!  And if you are a party of two, you might find yourself in a hallway.  If you are looking for a refill on your soft drink, be prepared to pay for it as it is served in cans for which you will be charged 2.25 per can!  If you decide to share a plate with someone (including a child), be prepared to pay $2.00 for the extra plate.  If the server asks if you'd like bread, be prepared to pay for it.  If she brings you more, know that it will be on your bill.  You WILL be nickeled and dimed to death on top of the $15-$18 per plate that you spend on a relatively small portion size on most dishes.
5	Giuseppe's  is a restaurant where the food quality is the most important thing. The restaurant is set and a small storefront is one storefront wide and very informal.  If you are coming here for high-quality traditional Italian food, then you are coming to the right place.  You have to try the osso bucco in order to live a complete life.
5	Giuseppe's is a true gem. Everything on the menu is first rate, but if you don't see what you have a hankering for, the kitchen will occasionally indulge special orders and I've always been very impressed by the plate set before me. The owner is old school good people. Salt of the earth type.  His passion for food permeates the place and you feel better as a person for having gone there.
5	Finally!!  Finally!! I am able to get some good Italian food in Arizona.  I am a bit spoiled since I lived in upstate NY for a month so I was ready for the real deal.  Of course I found about this place because of DDD.Now it is a very intimate little restaurant with no fluff but with excellence service.  Why would not be ok with that if the food is good.  It is not very big on the inside or out but it will be worth any wait that you encounter.  The owner made a point of coming by every table and talking with his customers.  We learned that he played the cello in an orchestra over in Italy and he brought back the amazing recipes he cooks today.  He is an absolute delight to speak with so if you can, make sure you learn about him.  I like to branch out and try other things but that darn bolognese is so good.  It has like six or seven different meats in it.  Really?  I was in heaven.  We also tried the brushcetta, tiramisu, and cannoli. I know that lots of people rave about the osso bucco and that is next on my list.  Darn I think everything is good. I even saw people getting takeout and the only reason I don't is because I live in the east valley.   I love this place and go back on a regular basis.  My sister thought I went back without her today and was ready to fight me.  Ha ha!!  Support local businesses people and you will get an amazing, unique experience in return.
2	This place is so fake it's sickening- the server Cindy is phony. Jose is a dick - and the owner- couldn't make the time to take my credit card. The salad dressing was tasteless and the Osso Bucco was just okay.
3	The paper napkins and plastic cups did not match the high-priced $15 - $20 pasta dishes on the menu. Each table had a flameless candle which seemed pointless because the lights above were as bright as a factory. We had the bean soup and the gnocchi with the tomato cream sauce.  The soup was fair but the gnocchi was definitely lacking a bit of flavor, I had to add salt. I asked for bread in which the waiter replied he could bring out some basic bread or if we wanted some amazing garlic bread it would only be $4 bucks. So of course I had to taste what was so amazing about this garlic bread. It was not amazing in the least, just garlic-infused olive oil drizzled over thinly sliced white bread that was barely toasted. We also ordered a lemon-lime Italian soda which kinda made me gag. It wasn't sweet, more sour and tasted slightly bitter. 3 stars is generous of me for this overly-boasting "As Seen on the Food Network" restaurant.  I say work on the ambiance, cutlery and ingredients and maybe then you can justify your prices.
5	This place is a local gem!  We had date night and were recommended this place from some good friends.  Small and quaint with patio seating .  Greeted with smiles and prompt service.   I chose the eggplant Parmesan with fresh home made pasta and my husband had the Spaghetti with home made meatballs.  Absolutely delicious!  Fresh pasta was fantastic.   It seems the owner Rich makes a point to greet every table and is charismatic and warm.  Very well done and we will return!  We had a great Experience!
3	Ok I'm from the east coast. You can't beat our Italian.But if I were to live here. I would come here. Ive had better in the east coast but this was good for AZ.We ordered the Osso and the Bolognese.Pasta was very good. 4 stars!OSSO wasn't tender enough. Very humble eatery. But packs.a punch.Wish I had another stomach to try the squid ink pasta they had.Prices were good.
2	2.75I was meh'd...They have been on my bookmarks "to try" ever since the DDD episode. I wish I hadn't tried them...it was a disappointment. They are a fast food joint with high end prices. It was odd. FFFD (Fast Food Fine Dining)The staff was extremely nice and inviting, personal and fun. I looked over the menu before entering and 3 employees offered assistance. I walked in and was directed to the counter, ordering as if I was placing an order to go. I told the guy 3 times I was going to eat here. I sat down at the table and he said "oh you want it for here?"I sat at the table covered in white paper, like to draw on...(fast food) yet there was a battery operated candle thing. (Fine dining) There was Parmesan but no salt or pepper. OH... and a fake flower. He brought some bread, which was cold, some butter packets, which were cold and a plastic (throw-away) cup of water. I had finished my cold bread and my plate of pasta with meat sauce arrived. The pasta was good, the sauce had zero flavor. It was meaty but did not have a flavor at all. I tried a bit of Parmesan, nope. I asked for salt and pepper, didn't help. I was bumming. My meal, by myself, was $18.00 for a plate of noodles and boring meat sauce, and cold bread from Safeway. I will not be going back....
5	I have been twice and both times have been treated like family. I loved how intimate it felt and how the staff treated us so great. I really enjoyed the garlic bread and tortellini. My husband was truly impressed with the baked ziti. You can tell that the pasta is homemade and it is always great when the staff is knowledgeable about the menu. My mother in law loved the music choice. Thanks again for the great time!
5	Been coming here for years, have not ever had an issue with anything. Don't  understand some of the low star ratings, Feel like people are very opinionated when it comes to Italian food. The food is fresh and tastes great. If your looking for sodium drenched pre-packaged Italian food visit your local "Italian" Chain.
5	What a great night Food was amazing service and incredible and atmosphere prefect . We will be back
