5	We were lucky enough to stumble upon this place while trying to find a lunch place in Chinatown. Good thing my mom had a craving for dumplings. This restaurant serves dumplings and also hand-pulled noodles, but today they were all out of the noodles, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing. We ordered three plates of steamed dumplings, but when my mom saw another table eating pan-fried potstickers, we added a fourth order. At first, I thought the dumplings weren't worth $9 since we got very similar dumplings in NYC for 20 cents each. But, each plate had 12-15 dumplings and they had a lot more choices in what they were stuffed with. My favorite was the beef curry steamed dumpling. The pan-fried cilantro beef potstickers were also amazing. We also tried the shrimp and beef steamed dumplings and the regular pork dumplings. I am a big fan of chili oil and they seem to have a house-made one ready at your table. Add some red vinegar to that and it is the perfect dipping sauce for your dumplings. The cool thing about this place is that the dumplings are made fresh and ready to order. They don't start stuffing or wrapping them until they are ordered. You can see through the kitchen window how they stuff and fold them too! The service is great and the guy who took our orders could speak five different languages, which is pretty accommodating to all the different tourists they get. Back in San Diego, I loved this tiny little restaurant called the Dumpling Inn. This place is definitely better and should be aptly crowned the Dumpling Hotel Resort and Spa.
4	Awesome dumplings.  All that you need to know. - D
4	This place is much better then Qing Hua and less salty.  Lots of selection!!  You can also order fresh (non frozen) dumplings to take home and cook yourself.My GF and I favorite: Beef Curry Dumplings.  So good and juicy!! Watch your shirt!  This place is also very popular, but you should not have problems getting a table.
5	The best dumplings I ever had.
4	Came here based on the yelp reviews.  Seems like Mai Xiang Yuan and Qing Hua are the two places in town people like to go for dumplings so had to try both (will post Qing Hua review later).  We tried the pan fried pork and cabbage dumplings and the beef curry dumplings.  I have to say I was surprised by the curry ones and really enjoyed them.  The pork ones were fine, good but I've had better.  A nice treat was the wasabi salad.  It had just enough vinegar and wasabi to give a tingle but not kill you.  The dumplings were fairly juicy, which is sort of interesting, you have to be careful how you bit them or you end up shooting juice/grease all over.  And with the curry ones you are asking for major trouble.  I'm more used one ones that are either true soup dumplings with a lot of broth inside of them or fairly dry ones or just enough juice to be good but not to squirt.  So this variation was an interesting experience (other dumplings I had in Montreal were similar).  I enjoyed them but you got to watch out!  The dough was a good thickness and had a nice "tooth" to it.  The odd things were they had no hot tea!  What is the world coming to when a Chinese restaurant that has so many kinds of dumplings doesn't serve hot tea!  One server was a bit frazzled with the limited number of people in the restaurant but we weren't in a hurry so that wasn't a big deal.  Good, reasonable priced dumplings with a surprise with the curry ones gets 4 stars even if they don't have tea.
4	Excellent dumplings!  Stumbled across this place in the China Town district of Montreal.  Highly recommend if you are looking for outstanding dumplings.  Nothing else to this place...no ambience, no alcohol, no other food worth tasting....but wow, their dumplings (of all kinds) were spectacular.  Service was very good.  Best were the shrimp, egg and leek steamed dumplings...but also strongly suggest the lamb and the beef.  Outstanding!
4	A great dumpling joint in Chinatown! No more need to go "all the way" to Qing Hua for my dumpling fix. Of course, it doesn't compare to some of the restos in Toronto but it will do while waiting for my next road trip. The dumplings served are not xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and are served in a variety of different fillings. All you need is a little vinegar and chili paste as dipping.We had the shrimp, egg and leek steamed dumplings and the curried beef pan fried dumplings. Both were very flavorful and so juicy that you should really eat it all in one bite unless you want to risk squirting the juice all over you. I will need to go back to try out the rest of the menu.My only complain is that I wish they would give complementary salad as well as serve the dumplings in portion of 10, rather than 15. This way, one could try a wider variety.
4	Overall: Excellent dumplings!  I had the lamb and onion fried dumplings.  A litle bit oily but that's what you get for ordering the fried ones.  Next time I'll try the dumpling soup (there will definitely be a next time).Price: Price was $8-10 before tax/tip for a plate of 15 dumplings, which was enough food for lunch.  They also have a few small salads for $1 each; might as well add some variety to your lunch for a buck!Ambiance: A bit rushed and somewhat cramped, as is often the case for Chinatown lunch.  Not terrible though by any means.  And the service was pretty fast and polite.  The place is clean and nice on the inside.  Not the place for a business meeting, perfect for a lunch with colleagues or friends.
5	Best Dumplings I ever had. Plus free tea! who doesn't love free tea :)Restaurant is extremely small.... approximately 12 tables. The kitchen is partially open and lets you view the people making the dumplings. Menu is ONLY dumplings and cold appetizers. Don't go if you don't enjoy this kind of food!I had the steamed Pork and Cabbage dumplings and the Beef and Curry dumplings. The beef and curry were good but not great.... i took them because the previous reviews said they were amazing. They are served pan-fried and taste a lot like indian food.... kinda odd for a chinese restaurant. The pork and cabbage dumplings were amazing :)I loved them and could have eaten more.The plates are 15 dumplings each. So the more people the better if you want to try different flavours.Overall great place! Try it once and you'll be hooked. Great place to have dinner as well as lunch.
4	This is my second favorite dumpling place, it's not that the dumplings aren't as good as Qing Hua but I live closer to it so it gets extra points for proximity. Mai Xiang Yuan has great dumpling, not to mention the variety. I guaranty that they'll have something for every one from plain Jane pork to my favorite Oyster and pickled cabbage. In my opinion the best way to enjoy this kind of restaurant is with a group of friends so you can each get a different type of dumplings and share them, but if you're on your own you can always get them to give you two kind of dumpling per basket.There isn't much to say about the service other then it's like most places in Chinatown quick and efficient but without much conversation.  I memory serves me correctly they close early as well, so if you have a craving for dumpling past 9 pm you might be out of luck.This is a small place with only a dozen or so tables and what feels like hundreds of waving cats. If you plan on heading over with a group it might be a good idea to call ahead and make a reservation. If you're in or around Chinatown you might want to stop in and enjoy some of the best dumplings in the city while being watched by waving cats.
5	Great dumplings! Cheap too!
5	very authentic !
5	It's rare to find a gem like Restaurant Mai Xiang Yuan. Halfway around the world and thousands of miles from China, this indistinct dumpling shop situated just inside Chinatown along Saint-Laurent makes some of the best dumplings you will ever find. Even among the dozens of dumpling shops I frequented over the years in China, few can compare. They know their dumplings here, and with a dozen small tables and a growing reputation queuing for a table is becoming commonplace. Hot tea and menus arrive as the skilled waitress juggles bussing tables, serving food and manning the cash register. Order placed, I wait and watch as the kitchen staff stuff fresh dumplings, racing to fill my order.The pork dumplings with cilantro and shrimp are out of this world. Each one is packed with juicy ground pork that's been mixed with cilantro and molded around a large shrimp. The pork dumplings with cabbage are classic and the beef dumplings with shiitake mushrooms are another favorite. Fifteen steaming dumplings are placed in front of me.  Before I dig in, I fill a small bowl with vinegar and pepper oil. The skins are a little sticky where dry and a little slippery where wet. Grabbing them with chopsticks can challenge even an expert, but I've learned that when all else fails, stab them. After a quick dip in the vinegar, I'm conflicted, two bites are required but I'd rather not wear my dinner. I'm hungry and not proud so I devour the entire delicious package. I repeat the procedure fourteen more times before I sit back in a glutinous haze and sip a fresh cup of tea.I'll be back for more. In fact I think I'll get an order of raw dumplings to go and cook them at home.
5	Normally, giving a 5-star rating gets me excited. With Mai Xiang Yuan, there are so many 5-star ratings that it seems all too normal. The thing is, Mai Xiang Yuan deserves each perfect score it gets. A for atmosphere, A for quick, courteous service, and most of all a huge A for the taste of the dumplings. Best in the city, bar none. Go now. Buy me some, please. Yum.
5	I had been craving dumplings for quite a long time when I finally decided to give this restaurant a shot. What a great idea that was! I visited this tiny traditional chinese restaurant along with a friend, and we ordered two dishes of dumplings to share. We tried the boiled Beef and coriander dumplings, and the fried zucchini and pork ones. Each plate contained 15 dumplings, and we were more than satisfied with the two dishes. Both were de-li-cious, to my humble opinion (Although i am not necessarily a connoisseur in chinese food, so do not quote me on this!). My favourite out of the two dishes was definitely the fried pork dumplings - They were crisp, the filling was delicious and, basically, a pleasure in the mouth. The servers automatically serve tea to accompany the dumplings - Great bonus for students on a budget!Can I add that everything cost me less than 10 bucks? AMEN!
5	Okay, not only is this place and its dumplings amazing, but the main server continues to amaze me too. I walked in this evening and, on sight alone, she remembered me and my order. I have tried 2 kinds of dumplings before, Shrimp-mushroom-pork and Shrimp-coriander-pork. She said "shrimp-mushroom-pork, boiled, to go?" I was stunned. It was as if it were written on my forehead. I checked. It isn't. This girl runs like a madwoman during the incredibly busy lunch rushes, AND remembers people and what they order?AMAZING! Can I give a 6th star - just to her?
4	We had dinner during our first night visiting Montreal. All the food was fantastic. The portions were ample but not over the top, and the dumplings were perfectly cooked and seasoned. I would have liked a little more variety on the menu, but I can understand the need to keep things concise in a small establishment.
4	I've eaten a lot of dumplings in a lot of countries, but this place may have the most interesting dumpling flavor I've tried to date.Decor: Unfortunately, this place did not have as many waving neko cats as I would have liked, having only one waving cat at the register in the back. Food: I was getting more and more ravenous during the excruciating wait, but I could tell at once that the dumplings were indeed freshly made and wrapped by the women in the window at the back because my fried dumpling order had long tubular dumplings while the boiled dumplings were more of the half moon shape. The fried dumplings, pork/shrimp/mushroom filling, were good although not superlative, mostly because of the ground pork which seemed of relatively poor quality and the overly large, crunchy but pretty tasteless pieces of shrimp. The fried outside, which seemed to have been coated with a little cornstarch and then fried, was crusty and good but nothing to write home about. However, the boiled pork/preserved vegetable/fresh oyster dumpling (which was the most expensive dumpling on the menu at around $10) was out of this world! The oyster flavor was fresh, flavorful, and not overpowering, and the salted vegetable gave it even more of an umami boost. The spicy sauce and the vinegar were also delightful. Overall: Five stars for the oyster dumplings, but one star off for the overall so-so service and other issues, including the fact that they were out of the hand-pulled noodles.
4	Trusted fellow yelpers on this choice. Yes, no disappointment, it was very good especially the steamed pork & cabbage dumplings. Waoooooo.... Definitely worth the trip.
5	This place is legit, probably the best dumplings I've had. If you're after anything besides dumplings, you should check out somewhere else because that's pretty much all this place serves.  Service was great, though multiple tables seated after me got their dumplings before me (I suspect because I ordered fried and they had steamed).  I had the fried beef and coriander dumplings which were very delicious, especially with the vinegar and chili paste on the table.
3	Never been to a Dumpling House before so this was a nice first time experience.Mai Xiang Yuan is one of 2 places that was recommended to me for dumplings (the other being, of course, Qing Hua). Thought I give this place a go since it was so close to our hotel. The place is very nice inside and is absolutely tiny. It can be hard to spot since all these chinese places look alike, so keep your eyes open. The dumplings are made in house and they have a little window to the kitchen where you can peer in and watch these ladies make your dumplings. It's a pretty cool thing and it's nice to see how fast they can do it. We ordered the jellyfish and cucumber salad to start and an order of pork and leek dumplings, and shrimp, pork, and mushroom dumplings. Both we got boiled. The jellyfish and cucumber salad was great but really could have used more jellyfish. There was hardly any, but the taste made up for the lack of jellyfish portion. The pork and leek dumplings were great! The skin was a bit too starchy for me, but the filling was fantastic. The taste was wonderfully porky and worked well with the sauce and chili oil. The shrimp, mushroom, and pork dumpling was actually just ok. The shrimp didn't really stand out but added a bit of a fishy taste to the rest of the pork and mushroom filling. I didn't get to try them pan fried which I'll have to do next time.Definitely worth a shot if you're in the mood for some dumplings. Their whole menu consists of nothing but dumplings and some minor other apps, but that's fine with most of the patrons here.
5	Dumplings galore!!! This tiny Chinatown joint serves up Montreal's best dumplings. They come either boiled or pan-fried, with pork, beef, lamb and seafood offerings. A variety of secondary ingredients are offered with each one and as well as vegetarian choices. I love the pork, oyster and pickled Chinese cabbage and it is the best when pan-fried. Really brings out the flavoring of the oyster. I also tried the pork, leek and egg dumpling and that I would recommend as well.I only wish they served tea here.
5	Dumplings here are amazing! My favorite is the fried pork, shrimp and coriander. It's a must order! Boiled version is good as well. One thing to note is they do not steam their dumplings here.Service I find is decent and quick. Though their dumplings are not as juicy as Qing Hua, I prefer it that way. It all depends on your preference. Atmosphere is cozy. The restaurant is small and not very noticeable from the outside. Located in Chinatown, this place is worth checking out if you like dumplings.
4	Having never sampled a truly fresh dumpling in my life, I was eager to try this. Located in the heart of Montreal's very awesome Chinatown, this spot certainly commands a stop when around. From my visit: the resulting elation led to the summary destruction of all frozen dumplings contained within my condo.Fresh, Tasty, flavourful. Prepared before your eyes, and brought out piping hot. Fried, boiled, and tasty. My favourites of the day were a toss up between beef and onion and beef curry.  This is certainly a must return, just to try more combinations.
3	Good dumplings but only dumplings. Don't bother asking for rice. And beware the price of $ 1.50 extra for pan frying. I don't remember reading it on the menu and other restaurants charge $0.50. That said 15 scrumptious dumplings makes a good meal for 1, and the price is right.
5	These little hand made pockets of golden goodness are special. Really. I mean Radiohead special. If you are capable of pacing yourself rather than swallowing them whole, two at a time, when you actually cut into one and peek inside, you will see blissful dumpling elves frolicking in a coriander meadow under the warm, late-summer sun. And you will feel absolutely ZERO remorse for eating the dumpling elves alive.Any of the steamed dumplings with coriander in them are the best.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	It need interior decorating for 5 star.  We order pork & cabbage dumpling and pan fried pork, shrimp & coriander dumpling....Very very good...coming from a chinese background.
5	Watch through a window in the back of this tiny place as your dumplings get gently folded up and cooked fresh by women with serious, food loving faces. Enjoy the pop of juices, the perfect cooking, the lovely balance of flavours. Based on Yelp reviews last night we tried the beef curried dumplings fried, the pork, shrimp and coriander fried, and the pork and oyster steamed. 15 dumplings are served per order. Dinner was $35, served with speed and a smile by the one tasmanian devil of a waiter holding the whole place down and banging out some serious rapid fire turnover without making you feel rushed. We boxed up massive leftovers and left glowing.
5	This place is dumplings, nothing but dumplings, but when you do it this good you don't need anything else.  I wasn't feeling that good the day we went here & didn't want to stray far from the hotel. This was just 2 blocks away so I decided to chance it.  Am I glad we did.  This is a fantastic find.  Was still crowded at 3 in the afternoon.  I had the beef & curry onion dumplings, fried.  My friend had one of the seafood selections.  Both were excellent.  We spiced them up with the sauces on the table - a nice touch to be able to make it as hot or mild as you want.  We took some soup to go for later as well.  Definitely a place to come back to.  I loved watching them make the dumplings right in front of us as well.
5	Went after reading Yelp reviews.Absolutely perfect pork/shrimp/leek/egg dumplingsNothing is pre-preparedNot a hint of greaseDumplings and won ton soups onlyCheap
5	amazing dumplings.  We had the steamed pork and cabbage dumpling and fried lamb and onion dumpling.  They were both delicious but the lamb was phenomenal.  Would go back again for sure.
5	To sum it up:*Holy dumplings Batman!*I ate way too many, couldn't  stop.*Go for steamed, anything with shrimp is guaranteed awesomeness, trust me.*Chili oil is tasty.*Amazing value for your money.*Mah belly is happy!
5	I haven't had dumplings this good since I left Vancouver, this place is legit. Cheap and plentiful with a ton of veggie-friendly options and super helpful wait staff. Came here on a Friday night and the place was like a nightclub: people were lining up both for staying in and for take away and the waitress was running around the tables, flat out while still smiling. The crispy shrimp was my hands down favourite; mmm, now I am hungry and nowhere near St-Laurent, grrr.
3	We visited this little restaurant for my boyfriend's sister's birthday on a Saturday night. We made reservations and if you want to come here on a Saturday night I'd recommend it. This little place is packed and there were people waiting to sit the whole time we were there. We ordered five types of dumplings because there were five of us. (Which, by the way, is a large group in this place. We were a little cramped.)We could have ordered just four - five dishes was a lot of food! All of the dumplings were very good, but standard dumplings - nothing really different that you should obviously order or risk missing out. The only obvious miss was the dumplings with pork and oysters - they were very fishy without much additional flavour. We got two orders fried and three orders steamed for variety, which I'd recommend. The fried dumplings are EXTREMELY hot when they come to the table - don't think you can bite into them right away or you will burn the roof of your mouth. (Trust me.)Overall, everything was good, but not amazing. I'd be happy to return but there are so many restaurants still to visit in Montreal! If we went back I'd love to try some of the non-dumpling dishes.
4	New Years Eve and my man romances me at a whole in the wall spot in Montreal's Chinatown. I will give it up he tried calling 100 places last minute but NYE, similar to places in NYC fill up fast and have $100 tasting menus and the food is never as good if you go on any other night so, why not go cheap, quick and delicious and get to the bar more quickly to celebrate with some bubbles?!First of all Montreal's Chinatown is great, same vibe as Chicago's. A few main streets chalk full of dumplings, bahn mi's, and other delicacies. The Yelp reviews were positive and Risa D stamped this one as the best so, done.The dumplings were amazing. But, just a heads up, this place ONLY serves dumplings. There are a few salad apps but, you are here for the dumplings and dumplings only. We went with all steamed varieties ranging from pork and leek to lamb and coriander (!!!) and finished it off with beef and onion. With 15 dumplings per order and at about $7 per order you get a lot of bang for your buck. Sweet. All were fabulous, I do want to highlight the lamb dumplings which I don't think I've ever had before and happened to be the winner winner chicken dinner of the meal. The other dumplings were just as great but the lamb had this extra kick to the meat. I also want to highlight that these dumplings were plump dumplings. Plump with juicy meat and with the skins being thin, the filling flavor really came through. Praise the dumpling lord, that's what I'm talking about. This place is super authentic with lovely lil' ladies in the back rollin' those dumplings as you eat. So fresh.My one gripe was they wouldn't give us water. We asked twice. Water never came. Dumplings and sauce are pretty salty and the free hot tea is really nice but, I really wanted ice cold water man. Whyyyyyyy?Regardless, this place was legit.
5	This was a perfect restaurant - cozy, cheap, and tasty food.  The dumplings were a big  hit with adults and kids alike..  We also enjoyed the cucumber and celery/peanut salads.
5	I have dreams about these dumplings. I walk by twice a day on my way to and from work and it takes every ounce of strength in my being to not pop in for some shrimp, egg and leek dumplings. I tried making them at home once to satisfy the craving but there's no way any other dumpling could compare.I highly recommend lamb and coriander, pork and mushroom, leek, shrimp, and egg, leek, shrimp, pork, and egg, curried beef and onion (fried! oh my gosh is it good). They still taste amazing even after you and your friend polish off a total of 8 plates between the two of you. I'm not even ashamed to admit that.Great for a cheap, quick meal. The place is usually packed but I've never found the service to be particularly slow. The staff is really friendly, and they don't even look at you weirdly when you look them straight in the eye without even opening the menu and order 3 plates of number 22 (leek, shrimp and egg!)
5	These dumplings are delicious.  Fried pork coriander and shrimp dumplings with a cucumber salad.  The cucumbers are in a slighty spicy vinegar and are perfect with piping hot, homemade right behind you, ridiculously yummy dumplings.
5	How have I never been to this place before?! I feel like I've been missing out! I think I need to go back to this place everyday for a month to make up for this!SO delicious. I prefer the boiled dumplings rather than the fried because the dumplings themselves are so delicious you don't want any of that deliciousness masked by the taste of fried oil (I can't believe I just said that, I love fried stuff).Definitely going back here. again, and again.It's tiny, so you may have to wait for a table.
4	Hello. Do you want to eat Curry Beef Dumplings from a masterful Chinese chef?If you said no, you are;A. batshit crazyB. regular crazyC. a vegetarian (which covers both A and B... jokes)All kidding aside this you will love this place. It's a cozy little family restaurant with gigantic tastes. The food is inventive yet comfortable, gourmet yet kindly priced, and served with love.For dumplings, I'd bet anything you can't beat this spot in Montreal.
3	Traveling for work I had no idea what where to go for dinner. I yelped around my hotel and came across this place. When I arrived on a saturday evening, the place was packed, but they cleared away a table in the back for me. I ordered the beef curry onion dumplings (recommended fried) and the pork and shrimp dumplings (boiled). I also had the cucumber and jellyfish app. The dumplings were juicy, flavorful, and filling. The pork and shrimp were definitely better than the beef ones, but both were tasty nonetheless. My only criticism was the fact that it's cash only and the servers were not very attentive (received app last and water was never replenished). The food itself was good, but when looking at the entire experience, there's definitely room for improvement.
4	Delicious Dumplings! We got the Pork-Soybean-Carrot and the Shrimp-Pork-Mushroom - boiled - and they were both delicious. The reason I gave this 4 stars is because each order comes with 15 dumplings so you don't get to try many flavors unless you have a large party. I wish they offered a sampler. Perfect dinner after visiting Old Montreal and just a short walk from there to Chinatown.
4	Mai Xiang Yuan is a one-dimensional eatery, but it has mastered that single dimension. If you're in the mood for dumplings, look no further. The steamed beef and mushroom dumplings are filled with a touch of broth, creating what is tantamount to a delicious dinner-time Gusher.
5	Dumplings the best you can eat!!!
5	Even though I do not have extensive experience in soup dumplings, these were the best I've tried. I especially loved it for the small family run atmosphere. The wait staff was extremely courteous, and best of all they included hot tea with the order (which other dumpling places in the area did not).
5	This place has the best dumplings I've ever tried.  It's truly exceptional - I liked it so much that on my last visit to Montreal I went out of my way to go there twice.  I actually made three meals of it by grabbing takeout on the second trip.  (They keep pretty well although the steamed ones reheat to original form in a microwave better than fried.)The only criticism could be that dumplings are the only thing on the menu, but really I see it as more of a strength.  They focus on doing one thing exceptionally well.  There is enough variety on their list to keep anyone happy.Mai Xiang Yuan will be a regular stop on my visits to Montreal from now on.
2	I'm giving this two stars not because I actually tasted the food but because it looked good enough for me to actually come back and try it, which I did NOT get to do on my first visit. Why not? Crappy service. Could not get waitstaff to make eye contact. Waited half an hour and while all the tables around us were getting served (even people that walked in way after us) we were still waiting. Had to leave because I couldn't have enjoyed the food even if it was the best ever. That being said, I'm sure their dumplings are good, just based on what I saw. Be prepared for rude inattentive service and a long wait and you'll probably enjoy it, if you can deal with that sort of thing.
5	If you are in Montreal, don't miss this little hole in the wall. Best dumplings I have eaten.
3	We came here looking for vegetarian dumplings and were somewhat disappointed. On the menu, there's a vegetarian section that lists three types of dumplings -- but two of them include seafood (shrimp). The only actually vegetarian dumpling on the menu is "tomato and egg", which I've never heard of before but sounds interesting. Alas, we couldn't even get that, because they were out! But the waitress went and conferred with the kitchen and reported back to us that there were mushroom, cabbage, and cellophane noodle-filled dumplings we could have instead.We ordered one order fried and one boiled (15 dumplings per order). They were delicious: the skin is excellent -- not too thick, not too thin -- and the filling good but not really notable. The size was just right, too.We also ordered the cucumber salad, which was good, although not properly chopped up (not a big deal, just kind of an amateur-hour move). The general ambiance is not much to speak of, but it's not so bare bones as to feel unwelcoming/depressing. They take credit cards, but charged us a 5% fee for our American card. They offered to take U.S. cash, which would have made sense for the exchange rate, but we didn't have enough of that on hand either.As someone else mentioned, they don't serve tea, which is kind of a bummer. And FYI, they speak Mandarin here; our server also spoke good English and French.
4	Among the other restaurants in Montreal's Chinatown, I like this place the best. Why? Their pork/shrimp/leek and egg dumplings, that's why! You can choose to either steam them or fry them (it's a few extra cents to fry them). With 15 dumplings on a plate, these dumplings are enough to fill you for a few hours until your next meal.
5	Dumplings are one of my favorite foods on the planet! I cannot describe to you folks how deep my love for these little guys go...These dumplings are HELLA yummy! You get 15 for $7-9 depending on what type you decide on. I had the pork, shrimp and coriander. The service was good as well. I went just before the lunch rush which was around 11:30ish. It starts to get super crazy around 12 pm. So if you want to avoid that, then don`t go around that time. I had the steamed ones. Apparently it costs a little extra to fry them, but either way it`s worth it. Everything you need is already at the table. Your choice of forks or chopsticks, chili sauce and soy sauce. All you need to wait for is your delicious dumplings and they will be out quick and most of all fresh! Enjoy this magical dumpling experience!
4	Very good dumplings. Suggest getting them fried.
5	Holy. Crap.The place is very much a 'hole in the wall'. It seats maybe 30 people.I'm not going to bother describing the food.What I will describe are the impressions of the people I've brought here.My girl friend looks forward to a trip to Montreal, so she can eat as many of her lunches as possible here.My coworkers, having eating here on my suggestion, mention it to me during the year, and how they were looking forward to going back to 'that dumpling place'.You should be careful eating here. It could very well change your standards.
5	Best dumplings EVER!    We had read about this place in a guidebook so decided to take a stroll up there for lunch one day while in Montreal.   We arrived and were quickly seated to a little 4 top, the place was crowded but was a mix of locals and tourists (who I suspect also read about the place).   They ONLY have dumplings, salad, and soup...but it doesn't matter.  We ordered 2 plates of dumplings---shrimp/pork/coriander and pork/cabbage as well as an order of cucumber salad ($1)......omg, how do we describe this.   First, order 2 or three of the cucumber salads.  They are small plates but arrive on china dishes and are sooo good.   Next, if you look to the back of the restaurant there is small window, where three women literally make the dumplings to order.    Now, the dumplings.....ok, imagine a plate of 15 dumplings, stuck together like a fried web, but easily separated.  You can choose to eat them raw, or create your own dipping sauce with soy and some chili oil spice.    We quickly ate both plates between the four of us.   Looking around, we saw many tables where one person would order one boiled and one fried and eat both plates.   I didn't see one table with an leftovers at the end of their meal.   When you are done, there is no check, you pay by walking up to a small counter in the back where they remember your meal.    Best of all, the plate of 15 dumplings was $8......total for 4 with sodas and the salads was $25....crazy cheap for the quality of food you get!   HIGHLY recommended!!
4	We arrived in Montreal Sunday around noon and took to Yelp to find a good spot for lunch. As we quickly found, we're staying right across the street from Chinatown. With the advice of the Yelpers we went here for what were supposed to be amazing dumplings (spoiler: we were not disappointed). It was busy, but a table opened just as we arrived. The service is lacking, but this is a really casual place and we weren't in a hurry. We ordered #20 boiled, those are the shrimp, pork, egg, and leek dumplings and the #2 fried, those are the pork and mushroom. The #20 were incredible, a light but flavorful taste and the boiling was the perfect choice. The dumplings didn't have that watery feel you get in some places either. The fried pork and mushroom arrived next and were a good counterpoint to the light #20s. The fried bottoms had a nice texture and went well with the flavors, but we agreed that maybe we should have ordered them boiled. They were still quite good. I keep thinking about picking picking up a few ordered just before we leave to go home.
5	Yummy!  Go here. We liked the steamed dumplings over the fried, but all were really good. The tomato and egg one was surprisingly delicious.
5	Pau Pau's (AKA grandma's!) make the dumplings in the kitchen as you wait for your order! Amazing! I didn't realize this until we were paying. We ordered pork and mushroom dumplings. Being a huge mushroom lover, I'm happy they didn't use cheap mushrooms. The mushrooms had a very nice flavor. 15 came in an order. Holy cow! I could eat these everyday... and I would, if I live here!
4	Solid dumplings. No frills. Don't be a fool, eat the dumplings
5	Amazing dumplings. This is a tiny place, but the food they serve is really, really good. I didn't like their appetizers that much, but their dumplings are great. There wasn't much about this place that I didn't like.
5	Incredibly unassuming from the outside, but come in for a taste and you'll be blown away by the authenticity of the food and the great prices that are associated with it. Being born in China, this was the closest I've come to home made dumplings in a long time. I strongly recommend the pork with shrimp and mushroom; really amazing fresh seafood taste with the umami of the mushroom.The side dishes, although only 3 in total, we're excellently prepared and greatly priced too. In essence, great food, cheap prices, you can't go wrong coming here!Food: 5 starsPrices 5 starsAmbiance: 3 stars...but typical Chinatown fanfare
4	Very cheap dumplings that have more quality than their price gives away. Each of my pork and shrimp dumplings had a whole baby shrimp inside and were very juicy :). I saved half for dinner and was very satisfied. I wouldn't say these are the best dumplings I've had, but they are great given the price.
5	The place is a little tight. It makes you feel very cozy with your neighbors. Food is excellent if you are into dumplings. You can see them making it in the back through the glass window. We had pork w Chinese cabbage steam mode, curry beef and pork w shrimp fried style. Delicious. Definitely a place I would recommend.
5	Amazing dumplings whether they are fried, boiled or served in soup.  Never had dumplings so good before in any of those forms.It's the dumpling equivalent of Thriller - perfect.
5	During my brief one-night stay in Montreal this time (I'm a repeat visitor...I LOVE Montreal!), I wanted to sample something from Montreal's Chinatown. Earlier in the afternoon while walking about I scouted out some potential choices, and this place caught my attention with their dumpling offerings. (I had not pre-researched anywhere beforehand...this was just walk-around research.) As dinnertime approached, I returned here and found the place crowded, but since I was solo this trip I just decided to order my meal to-go and enjoy it at my nearby hotel.I chose an order of Pork & Shrimp with Coriander dumplings, and an order of Beef & Onion dumplings. Each order comes 15 per order, for $7.99 each order. The dumplings are prepared fresh to order; I returned 15 minutes after placing my order and it was ready to go. Both varieties I chose definitely lived up to expectations; they were fresh and tasty on their own, and the 2 dipping sauces (soy-based, and hot-chili based) were complementary as well.I would definitely return again on my next trip.
5	Amazing dumplings! I couldn't believe how good these dumplings were. This is a pretty small restaurant that and I had heard the dumplings were good, but I wasn't expecting THIS good. My girlfriend said it's her second favorite dumplings she's ever had (after White Bear in Flushing, Queens, NY) and she's spent a lot of time in China. We were exhausted after our drive up to Montreal and we just wanted to quickly grab some delicious food. Mai Xiang Yuan came through! The portions are pretty big, the dumplings are fresh and delicious and it is not very expensive. Definitely worth stopping by if you're ever in the Chinatown section of Montreal.
4	Delicious dumpling.  I tried the fried pork and coriander ones.  I still remember the perfect little burst of broth from each bite :) Can't wait to tried the steamed ones next time around.
5	Possibly the best dumpings in Canada. Not only was it good, it cost almost next to nothing. Their popular and main dish is the pork dumping with cabbage (actually boy choi) for under $6 for 15 pieces.  I have to pay more than 2-3 times for such dumpings in Hong Kong and may not even get such good taste. Well worth a trip there!!!
4	Good dumplings, though I wouldn't say they're the best ever. We enjoyed boiled, fried and soup dumplings. If you're looking for good and don't want to dent your wallet, this is the place. I'd suggest the owner try to keep the place a bit more clean... Just getting the grime off the windows/doors could improve the overall eating experience for patrons.
5	We rolled in 35 min before closing, only to find that their credit card machine was broken and that they could only take cash. It took us over 30 min to walk to the nearest branch to get cash from the machine, and we returned 5 min before closing. They seated us without even a word of complaint, so kudos to them. (We did see them send away anyone who arrived after closing, though, so get there on time!) Service was brisk but friendly.The food took a bit of time to arrive, but seeing as they make the dumplings to order, I wouldn't complain. We ordered pork/leek (boiled), beef/onion (fried), and tried to order the pork/shrimp/mushroom, but they were out of mushroom, so they offered to substitute cilantro instead. The cilantro flavor pretty much overpowered any other flavor in the dumpling, but if you like cilantro, that would be the dumpling for you.  Personally I would have preferred the mushroom.That said, the other dumplings were absolutely heavenly: fresh and flavorful, skins just thick enough to hold the dumpling securely, but not so thick as to be doughy. For dipping sauces, there were soy sauce, vinegar, and hot sauce on the table, but the dumplings barely needed anything. Seriously the best dumplings I've eaten in recent memory. The boiled ones were soft, delicate, and pillowy, whereas the fried ones were tougher in texture but with a beautiful, crunchy, golden side.  The dumplings come fifteen to an order, so make sure you get there hungry, or are willing to share. Me, I wouldn't share these.
4	It's been SO long since I've had dumplings with homemade skin. Mai Xiang Yuan did such a great job with theirs - so chewy and fresh! Perfect with the hot sauce found on the table. Between two people, we shared two appetizers - the cold cucumber salad and the jelly fish salad. The restaurant was incredibly stingy with the jellyfish, but flavor-wise, it was delicious. For the dumplings, we went for 2 kinds. The pork and cabbage, and the shrimp, pork and mushroom. The shrimp pork and mushroom was definitely our favorite. It had more complex flavors and textures, and was nothing short of a party in my mouth. The pork and cabbage reminded me so much of xiao long bao's. The pork inside had a super super fine consistency and packed with juices. Each bite was practically bursting with simple but delicious comforting flavors. We were really satisfied with our simple, homey dinner and I'd totally recommend this place for great homemade dumplings.
5	Wow! This was on my list of places to stop on my recent trip to Montreal due to Yelper reviews. If I hadn't been looking for it, I wouldn't even have noticed this tiny spot in the middle of busy Chinatown. We got in late in the afternoon around 2 and the place was empty. There were 3 ladies in the kitchen window and one waitress that greeted us and brought us tea and menus. We ordered the curry beef and onion dumplings fried, and pork, shrimp leek and egg steamed. The steamed came out first. They were the perfect temperature to pop in your mouth whole without burning yourself. Light, full of fresh filling and lightly seasoned, I could have eaten these all day. The curry beef were hot due to the pan frying but the waitress warned us so we munched happily on the pork while they cooled a bit. The beef was perfectly seasoned with curry, crispy, juicy and so flavorful they didn't even require dipping sauce!The fresh dough is soft and slightly chewy and the perfect thickness to hold in the goodies inside while not giving you just a mouthful of dough. Each table has vinegar, soy sauce and hot pepper oil so you can mix your own custom dipping sauces. For 2 huge plates of dumplings it was under $20. Add in the free tea and this was a perfect meal for little cash.
3	The service was very slow , our second plate arrived when the first one was totally finished, but anyway we shared our dishes and we ate hot food  The taste was  good , Not so many choices, just dumplings.
5	Best dumplings on the east coast. And I know dumplings being from New York. Had beef coriander soup - sick.
5	Dumpling heaven. Yelp for the win (again).We ordered:- Pork, coriander and shrimp regular - Beef and celery friedBoth were amazing and hand made to order. You can even watch the ladies in he window making them. They're super quick and efficient. Ample pay parking along the streets of Montreal's Chinatown. I am still dreaming of the dumplings and hope I can find something up to par closer to home.
5	YES finally decent dumplings that taste like the real thing from china with decent service. I also finally found a place to replace Qing Hua on Lincoln which has great food but horrible service. Glad to know I will not be giving them my money anymore as there are otter places. I normally prefer the pan fried dumplings but was very impressed with the none fried dumplings. Esp. the lamb. I will be back and bring my many friends too. Qing Hua your loss!!!
4	We went there for lunch. This place was small and busy but authentic.To start, we ordered #34, persian cucumber with carrot salad. It was ok. 3/5#18, boiled dumplings with pork, mushroom and shrimp. It was delicious. 5/5#7, pan fried dumplings with pork and cabbage. It was ok. The outside wasn't crispy enough. 3/5
5	Mai is a great place in Chinatown in an unassuming spot with an unassuming frontage. The lettering on the top of the restaurant is faint and sort of hidden. Almost like they don't really want you to read that you have arrived at a great hand-made-to-order dumpling house. Having eaten here once. Just once. I don't want anyone else to know where it is. I want to save it for myself but here am I. Our party of six got seated in a short while. It's good for groups. Six is a nice big size. Eight would be pushing it. You have your standard menu with dumplings broken out by main protein categories: pork, beef, lamb, and seafood. They also have dumplings in soup, not to be confused with soup dumplings. The former they have. The later they do not. We ordered beef curry which was right on curry flavor and spicy such that the beef was not lost in it. We also ordered the pork and pickled Chinese cabbage, which was the table favorite, and some seafood one that was good but underwhelming. Half of our order was steamed and the other fried. You should know fried dumplings are a buck and fifty cents extra per order, which is worth it, although dumplings were good enough as it. I would eat it raw and uncooked if I had them. It didn't look like you could order anything wrong. So what you really like is going to be personal. I'm ready to go back and see what can beat beef & curry one for me. Make sure to bring your A game with your chopsticks! The steam and water makes it a bit tricky eating it. And be careful of the water trapped from the steaming inside the dumplings. It is hot.
4	Considering the small place, the 6 of us got seated pretty quickly. We quickly ordered 6 different types of dumplings. They make a good variety/ steamed or fried on the spot. Doesn't seem like anything was pre-made. Not all the dumplings we ordered suited my taste ie. beef curry, one with cilantro but others a seemed to like it. I enjoyed the pork with cabbage the best.
5	Oh dear lord, DUMPLINGS. Mai Xiang Yuan is clearly THE place to get dumplings in Montreal's Chinatown, and thank god we got there right before the lunch rush came in. But our dumplings still took some time to get to our table because when we sat down, they were already processing tons of take out/delivery orders! You can see the adorable group of women filling dumplings in a row, decked out in baseball caps and bright pink polo shirts, in the back kitchen thanks to the large glass window :)The hot tea was very pleasant to have since it was a chillier day than we've had yet, so we kept warm while we waited. With only two of us, and 15 dumplings per order, we could only try two different ones, so we went with the steamed pork and mushroom, and the pan fried curry beef. The pork ones came out first, and boy are they DELICIOUS! The beef curry ones were up next, and YUM - a bit juicier than the pork for some reason, so we had to be careful with each bite. You have soy sauce, vinegar, and hot chili oil on each table to create your own dipping sauce. Service is fine since even with a small space they fill up immediately and then a line forms outside, so they do try to politely get you to leave asap - or at least that's how I felt. And its so freaking affordable! God, I wish we had them right next door to us...
5	mai xiang yuan was one of my favorite restaurants in montreal. it probably has a lot to do with the fact that i LOVE dumplings. besides that, the experience of getting completely lost, turned around, and without cell/wifi signal only to run right into the restaurant makes for a boring story no one cares about.we split an order of pork and cabbage dumplings as well as the beef and curry onion dumplings. both are very good... but the beef and curry was the winner. only by a margin though.if you're loafing around china town, stop by for lunch. this place gets super packed so try to go during an off time. you can watch them making fresh dumplings in the back. get it as a plate of them or in soup. don't think you can go wrong... and grab a sesame ball from one of the bakeries near by if you have any room left.
4	I will start by saying I wanted to give this restaurant a 4.5 rating but couldn't do that. The only reason I would knock it down half a star was for the ambiance and set up. It's pretty cramped and the tables and chairs were practically falling apart. There are these door shutters when you walk in that seem really odd and kinda weirded me out. So that's my only complaint about the place. But once you get past the decor and wobbly chairs...the food is outstanding!We tried it because it had so many amazing reviews on yelp. And it sure didn't disappoint! The main complaint we had was that we were too full to try more!!!We went around 12:30 on Saturday and we were seated right away and served hot tea, which was nice. We ordered what was recommended by many here: the cucumber salad, the celery salad and then the beef and curry fried dumplings and then shrimp, egg and leek fried dumplings. Everything came super fast...like less then 15 minutes total. The salads were shockingly amazing! They didn't look like they would be....but honestly...so so so good! Then the dumplings were next level! Especially the shrimp and leek. The flavours were out of this world!!! I personally preferred them much more then the beef and curry. They were still great but a little overpowering on the curry.Overall, we were super impressed with this place and would eat here again in a heartbeat! Tips: bring cash. They don't take credit or have an ATM. Hubby had to go next door.
5	Simply the most outstanding dumplings my family has ever had. They should know as that is their favorite Chinese dish.
5	Mai Xiang Yuan is definitely my favorite dumpling's restaurant !Honnestly, It's the best dumpling I ever tried ! I can't even describe how it was soo good !I'll come back for sure !
4	My girlfriend and I came here after ice skating at Old Port Montreal in early December.  The dumplings were great in warming us up.  since i'm vegetarian, we ordered the tomato and egg dumpling (an interesting take on the classic chinese dish of tomato and eggs).  It's the only true vegetarian dumplings - the other "vegetarian"  dumplings have dried shrimp in them. Each dish came with ~15 dumplings.  We got half cooked and half steamed; I think the cooked ones were much better than the fried ones.Importantly, the cost of the dumpling is very reasonable @ C$9 for our plate of dumplings.
5	It is now 6 times I have come here and everyone has been a 5 star and same for my guests I have brought....They know me well enough now. I even feel at easy to speak to them in chinese with the little I know. Great work keep it up.
5	Visiting from Los Angeles where there are several tasty dumpling spots, this place tops them all. I got the shrimp, pork, leek, and egg and the pork & mushroom. Hands down, best dumplings ever!
5	I'm a dumpling fanatic and I love the dumpling craze that's happening in Montreal's Chinatown.  Each restaurant has a different style so I decided to go dumpling hopping and try them all.  Here I tried the Curry Beef and Onion Fried Dumplings and the Shirmp, Pork and Coriander soup dumplings.  Two things to note if you're an American1) Coriander= Cilantro.  Not the dried coriander seeds but the actual Chinese Parsley green leafy veggie.  2) Soup dumpling just means boiled dumplings most of the time.  Except at Qing Hau.Curry Beef is good!  It has such a good kick to it that I really didn't need to dip it in any sauce.  Shirmp, Pork and Coriander Soup Dumplings were the fan fave-- makes me think why I don't put more Coriander/Cilantro in my cooking.
2	Okay sure, these dumplings are pretty freaking delicious. I just moved here from the states with my boyfriend. Recently my dad came to visit us and I know he loves dumplings so we stopped by. Wasn't too busy. Service was fair. Dumplings were REALLY good! Had a great selection, awesome. Now for why two stars. My dad used his credit card and about a week later when he was back home, he finds his credit card number was stolen and had hundreds of dollars worth of purchases from an online shoe store. Really? I don't get people. We give you business and even tip really well, and that's how you treat your customers? Oh well, I guess if we want to go back we will have cash ready.
4	This place was closed for renos when i tried to go there on Jan 19, but luckily there was an amazing pho restaurant at 1082 Rue St Laurent that was a great stand-in
3	This dumpling spot is located in Montreal Chinatown and was conveniently located a block away from our hotel. We visited for an in-between snack.Decor/Ambiance 3/5Typical crowded Chinese spot. This place was pretty crowded when we got there and loud. Service- 3/5The staff allowed us to split a single order (which was surprisingly expensive, especially compared to NYC prices) into two different types, which was a plus. However, when the dumplings arrived, we didn't get our own plates to put the dumplings on. Meh.Food- 4/5We ordered the mushroom and pork/leek dumplings. They arrived hot and fresh. Be careful so as to not burn yourself. They tasted pretty good, but weren't the best I ever had.Bottom line- Good for a little snack. Relatively expensive though.
5	There's nothing like walking into a joint that you're, at first, frightened to dine in.  This place isn't carpeted but it feels carpeted, ya know!  The rule is, maybe you shouldn't look in the corner of the floor or look behind the counter but one thing you should definitely fucking do is eat here.  The dumplings: homemade.  Your wallet: still fat. Your belly: now fatter.  You: Straight-up content with a glistening, dumpling-grease smile.  This is the real, delicately-folded dumpling dough of goodness, my friends.  I haven't done much right in my life but by this review and spreading the love that is this place, hopefully rights my wrongs.  Try this perfection. RATING: 2 painfully erect nipples.  OUCH!
5	Possibly the best dumplings ever.  Perfect example of do one thing, and do it well.  Very busy though, expect a bit if a wait, but totally worth it!
4	The place for good chinese dumpling. I usually like the dumplings pan fried for some extra crispy flavour. WAYYYY better than Qing Hua!And this place is truly authentic, come here or even just for take-out, for good dumplings.I give four stars because only our family-made dumplings can be five stars, lol.
4	A great place to enjoy some dumplings. ....Place is small. Good for a group of max 4-5. Friendly staff and fast delivery..I went with my gf while checking out China town. When we walked in, the place was full and had to wait for few mins. Seems like a family run place..decor and atmosphere are okay not fancy...Menu is simple and ranges from 5-9 for 15 dumplings...and salads r 1-1.50..yes its max one dollarI tried the wasabi salad..Awesome...then beef and onion dumplings...shrip+pork+ coriander dumplings...so far the best I tried...and waiting for the food was max 5- 10 mins.. A great place and will definitely go back 100%Place is authentic dumplings. ..u only get dumplings there not like some other places where u get fried rice to sushi. ..I been to many places and never bothered to write review so please lemme know if this helps. .
5	For what it is, a dumpling store, this place cranks out really amazing dumplings.  Best I've had pretty much.  Your choice if you get them boiled or fried but my preference is for boiled.  They have an assortment of side salads that are worth investigating too.  My favorite is the cucumber salad.  Okay the decor is somewhat lacking and on a cold day you might not want to sit too close to the front door.  But if you're in pursuit of some really excellent dumplings this is the place.
5	As with many hole in a wall places, this one was outstanding. Authentic Chinese dumpling place right in the heart of Montreals Chinatown. While small, service was fast and people were nice. I had steamed pork, leek shrimp and egg dumpling which was magnificent! I also had pork, shrimp and coriander fried which was also good; although I recommend the boiled dumplings more.
5	Fantastic little place! Montreal at night was a little challenging to find a place we could go with kids - we stumbled upon this little gem in Chinatown, and had 2 very happy kids! There was a bit of a wait to get in but well worth it. Food is fresh and delicious, prices are very reasonable, and the service was wonderful (their internet was down, I went outside to find a bank machine while my family ate, and the waitress chased me down in the street to tell me not to worry, the internet was working again!) I would go back in a heartbeat, and feel so lucky we found it on our first night in Montreal...so we can go back!
5	OMG. Thanks to Yelp we found this VERY tiny and VERY good dumpling emporium in Montreal. Tables are tiny and portions are huge. When the waiter says "too much"... Listen. No licquor licence means lots of tea. I stayed up all night long dreaming of the meal I just finished. If you love food and your fellow man - go here.
5	very traditional Chinese dumpling. quite same as what I ate in China.  cheap! pay cash under 15dollarvery good5 stars
4	Located in Chinatown, Mai Xiang Yuan is a no nonsense - no frills dumpling establishment. They do one thing and one thing only..... Dumplings. And there are just two ways they make it. My way (Fried) or the Boiled way. Tried their fried lamb & coriander dumpling. The dumplings are tasty and the chilli oil adds to the flavor. My only complaint was that the dumpling dough wasn't consistently thick all over hence makin it a bit unevenly cooked. FYI I'm not complaining about the meat. The meat is delicious and perfectly cooked. Its just the outer dough. Maybe its just me being too picky for Chinatown. The prices are very reasonable and they do accept cards. Food -  GoodService - Fast Ambiance - Clean lookin hole in the wallWorth the money - Yes
4	Definitely the best dumplings I've had in Montreal. I probably tried four different kinds and they were all really tasty. I was not sure that I should have ordered the lamb ones, but they turned out to be excellent. Since you can't order less than 15 dumplings per serving, I would suggest you to go with friends, so you can try different types of filings. Their appetizers are also pretty good. The waiter warned me to order the jellyfish and cucumber salad because he thought I would not appreciate, but I knew I would love it. It was refreshing and spicy, plus the jellyfish was not squishy at all. Not to mention that very affordable prices and free tea is always a plus!
5	Was told by 2 friends of mine that this resto was a must try. I had no interest in trying this restaurant as I am not a big fan of just eating dumplings especially when you have to eat 15 of the same thing. After being told over and over I finally decided to give it a shot. After walking into this restaurant and being slightly disgusted with the ambience I was not expecting much at all. I ordered the beef and mushroom dumplings and my life was changed forever. I was so pleasantly surprised with the beautiful flavour and freshness of these gifts from god. I can not go longer than a week without eating at this restaurant. The cucumber salad is a must order as well. I can't wait for my next visit.
5	Really helpful service, they even gave us other restaurant recommendations during our stay in Montreal. The food was fast, fresh, affordable and full of flavour.  Two thumbs up!!
5	The best!, prices, service, food, everything on point!
4	Delicious Dumplings! I heard Montreal is known for dumpling spots, and this place was the most highly rated of the bunch. So I had to try it, and it didn't disappoint! The homemade wrappers was good, and the meat was interesting and flavorful. This is how dumplings are supposed to be eaten! Served with vinegar and chili oil. You also get a ton for not much money.
4	It was so yummy and affordable. Each order comes in 10 or 15 pieces. If you had $1, you can have 2 types of dumplings, so you can enjoy a different kind if you didn't come with a big group. The pork, shrimp and coriander dumplings was recommended by the owner. We also also the pork and leek dumplings. Both kinds pan fried. We also ordered the beef and coriander soup dumplings. Everything was better than I expected. I can't give it a 5 star because I prefer my dumplings with thin skin.
4	Thanks Yelpers for the reviews!  I was not disappointed with Mai Xiang Yuan's delectable dumplings... they were truly the best I've ever had.  I also order the cucumber salad, which was just okay.  Be mindful that at lunchtime, the places is packed to the brim.  Although the food was super good, the service could be much improved.  I realize it was lunchtime and crazy busy, but it took my waiter 15 minutes from the time I sat down to bring me a glass of water.  After that it took another 10 minutes for him to take my order and then 15 more minutes to receive my meal.  I suggest munching on a small packet of peanuts before sitting down for lunch here if you are starving.  It will be a while before you get your food.
5	My god this place is delicious. I'm honestly surprised I'm giving a 5 star review for a place without alcohol, but the dumplings are just that good. For about $8 you get a platter of 15 dumplings. They have a variety, including pork, beef, etc. It's not vegetarian friendly, so keep that in mind. Definitely get the pork & mushroom!
4	This was my first time going there and I decided to try it after I saw the review on here. So the food was amazing and very tasty but the reason they didn't get a 5th star was because the service was not good at all. Very slow and they got our orders all wrong. It was not busy so I can just imagine how bad it would be if it was. The food was very good so I will for sure go back and try this little place again. The place looks like nothing much but they make the dumplings fresh right when you order them. A MUST TRY
4	Had the Peanut and Celery Salad 3.5/5 and the Lamb and Onion fried dumplings 5/5.Nice spot. Great for a quick lunch.
5	Seriously great dumplings! Way better food than all the over rated "French bistros" here in Montreal. I think it was one of our best meal while here for 4 days!
3	The food and price is 5/5 stars, great dumplings here, but the service is 2/5 and cleanliness is like 2/5. I am giving them a 3 since I really do love the food!Now, I love hole in the wall places as much as I love fancy high end places, they each have their place in my dining repertoire. The bar for service and ambiance is shifted accordingly for the hole in the wall places, but I still expect at least to be acknowledged and given a menu after 15 minutes of seating! I tried to catch the waitresses's attention multiple times and when I did make eye contact with her and said "Hi can I get menus please" I was ignored. WTF? I had to desperately flag down a passing waiter guy for menus (they have 1 female and 1 male waiter/bus boy that night).As for cleanliness, I do not expect to be seated on a chair with grease and the napkin/chopsticks holder to have hair in it at any restaurant. Also napkins were all over the floor at the table we were seated.Now the positive: The food was amazing. We got the pan fried curry beef dumpling. It was crispy, juicy and the dough was chewy. The meat to dough ratio was perfect. The curry in the beef flavours it nicely, it was not overwhelming. Just a note, pan fried dumplings cost $1.50 more.The boiled pork, mushroom and shrimp dumpling was also great, the dough was a nice consistency and the filling juicy. There was even some soup inside the dumplings reminding me a little of shanghai soup dumplings.Overall, great food, poor service and general cleanliness.
1	This place is way over rated. The fried dumplings with pork chives and shrimp was not tasty at all. Customer service sucks big time. I don't understand the hype about this. Perhaps the people who rate have not been to good dumpling places before. We recently came back from shanghai and the dumplings there are much better than this crap. The waitress server also discriminates toward chinese people. They only favor other tourists.
4	Service was slow considering they just open when we arrived but all in all, it was well worth the wait. Especially for the amount of dumplings you get for such a low price. Would definitely go back !
4	I really want to give this place five stars because my taste buds were blown out if the water, but due to the hygiene issues, I just can't. I read the reviews and was expecting a bit of a dive, and a peek into the kitchen cleanliness there seemed fine but the cursory wipe of the table and cabbage remnant on the chili bowl were a bit distressing. However I wasn't going to let this get between me and some stellar dumplings. We tried both pure steamed lamb and chive and fried pork and cabbage. The lamb and chive dumplings were amazing, strong flavors and good size. These were rounder dumplings. I tend to poke them to allow the boiling water and steam to escape. I loved the pork dumplings as well but the fried style just didn't hit with me as much as the pure steamed. Overall definitely go here. The dumplings are incredible, and the side salads are delicious. Just don't look at the rug.
5	Had the pork coriander shrimp steamed dumplings and the shrimp leek and egg pan fried dumplings, both super good. Had the cucumber salad and was so so.  Would definitely come back for more
4	Will be a habit whenever in Montreal.  Get tea and a variety of dumplings (steamed and fried) and reorder what disappears until all dinners are satisfied.  Might good to avoid at prime time unless you are OK with a long wait.
5	Went here due to the many yelp reviews and was not disappointed! I highly recommend the shrimp, pork, and coriander dumplings steamed, they were the best dumplings I have ever had, EVER!  The fried beef curry dumplings were also very tasty.  I did not expect such delicious dumplings from such a small restaurant
5	Amazing dumplings and for really cheap prices. Service could be a bit better but the food makes up so much more! :)
4	Such good dumplings!  Coming from a northern Chinese and her mom, who makes homemade flour-based food all the time!  Each plate comes with 15 dumplings, around $8, extra $1.5 for pan fried ones. We had the pork, soybean, and carrot ones, as well as the tomato egg, both boiled. Both sound odd but great!  Strongly recommend it. They're popular and busy, the server forgot one of our dishes, which was fine since we were full from two plates of dumplings.It's kind of a hole in a wall but that's the beauty of it. If I lived in Montreal, I'd eat here often, and my mom would apply to be a dumpling maker!Dined here 24 June.
2	This is a dumpling restaurant (there is not much else on the menu). They are very greasy and salty, even the steamed ones. I did not enjoy them at all.
1	After reading some of the great reviews, we were really looking forward to this place. Unfortunately, it did not live up to the hype.  First, it was 90 degrees in Montreal and this restaurant had no AC. It was sweltering  and sweat was pouring off of all of us as we waited for our food. The service was terribly slow--in fact another customer ended up giving us his menu when he realized we had been seated, but had not been visited by our waiter. Normally with service this slow, I would have walked out, but the promise of delicious dumplings kept me from leaving. Finally our order arrived and my boyfriend and I just stared at it. The pan fried dumplings we had been waiting all day to try were stuck together and burned. We took a couple of bites and the taste just wasn't right. It was bland and dry. My recommendation, visit Oh Dumpling just a block away. It's a much better experience.
4	This is a great hole in the wall place in the middle of Montreal's chinatown. These are the types of restaurants where you go strictly for the food, don't expect fine dining and tablecloths, just expect good eats for a low price. The cucumber salad is a nice compliment to the dumplings especially during the summer. I recommend the boiled dumplings for a lighter and flavorful option.
5	From San Francisco, needless to say I've had some of the best Chinese food.Dumpling wise, this place rocks. I had the Lamb-coriander, fried... Really, really good... Strong lamb flavor... Great stuff... Comes in an order of 15 (costs xtra for fried).. They're not that big, so go for it..wife had fried beef-coriander -shrimp...again, great flavor...If you don't like wasabi, don't get the cabbage salad... Didn't know..Small place, tables super close... It works.. I'm 275 lbs and I menuvered ok...  do it!!!
4	Reasonably priced and delicious this is THE dumpling house of China-town!Large variety, and always savory - definitely worth the stop. You can also make your own dipping sauce from the traditional ingredients at the table.You have every meat option - veggy, shrimp, pork, beef etc
5	I've had my fair share of dumplings and these are right up there with the best I've had. We went during the lunch rush and weren't given the option to sit, so we got take away.  I had the pork, coriander and shrimp while my wife had the shrimp, leek and egg. Both were succulent and tasted fresh, reasonably priced too. Definitely worth a try if you're in the area.
4	My wife and I went here twice.   Once we stopped in for lunch and had the pan fried dumplings and cucumber salad.   Another day we picked up an order of the steamed dumplings and took them up to our hotel's rooftop deck w/ a 6pack of beer.The fried dumplings were quite good as was the cucumber salad, but in both of our opinions the steamed dumplings beat the pan fried dumplings hands down (which surprised us solely because the bulk of the people were ordering fried dumplings the day we ate lunch there).The dumplings are made fresh on the spot, and you can see three women behind a glass window making them all as you sit at your table.     When we went for lunch it was packed, and took quite a while to get a table, and then another very long bit to get our dumplings.   It was well worth the wait though.    Surprisingly when we came in to make a togo order for dinner, the place had several open tables, and it only took them about 10 minutes to make our order.
4	Good...
4	Came here for dinner with my family, as visitors from Toronto. We eat Chinese food regularly (there are tons of Chinese restos in Toronto), and have to say that this little place isn't fancy and the service is rather brisk (but what Chinese place has good service?) - but it's ALL worth it for the delicious handcrafted dumplings! Here's the rundown...PLACE: A small and rather unappealing-looking place. It was packed at 6:30pm on a Friday night... Always a good sign! No  children though, so we doubted they had a high chair for our infant but when asked, the waitress brought a little booster chair over.  FOOD: The menu is 95% dumplings, with a few small appetizers to round it out. Honestly, I don't think anyone goes for the appetizers which included a cucumber salad. This made me laugh as it seemed like an afterthought. You can get the dumplings boiled or fried. We got them boiled and they came out piping hot. The wrapping was very fine and slightly toothsome. The filling was soft and well-seasoned. The only (slight) complaint is that although we ordered 3 types of dumplings (pork, seafood and beef), they all tasted very similar. All very good though! It costs only $8 for a plate of 15 yummy little dumplings... So cheap!!  I would say one plate is a good-sized portion for an individual. SERVICE: They came and filled up water fairly fast when we arrived. Food came out within about 10 minutes. They weren't too sensitive about safety as they kept placing the steaming hot plates right in front of the infant. But I guess they are just rushed. All in all, this place is a gem! So happy we came here (thanks to the other good Yelp reviews)! Note: They only take cash or debit.
3	Dumplings were good, but service wasn't so good. Cheap, but ultimately not worth the hour long wait sitting at the table waiting for our food. We went on a Tuesday night, so I can't imagine how bad it is on a busy restaurant night. Would definitely go again if I knew the wait time would be shorter.
2	I would give this place 3.5 stars for food, but it deserves 2 due to lack of sanitation. There is a window where you can observe the workers making your dumplings, and over the course of about 45 minutes there I watched a worker cough on the back of her hand (she was not wearing gloves) and wipe her nose. As someone making food for other people, that is completely unacceptable. In addition, when someone spilled a glass of water by accident, the server just wiped the water onto the floor instead of cleaning it up As for the food, the dumplings were good but nothing out of this world. We tried pork with peppers pan fried, and they weren't even fried correctly. The skin was hard and had a chalky consistency. I would definitely recommend getting them boiled- the beef with coriander and lamb with leek were both much better. Beef with coriander was pretty good, and the lamb was only mediocre.
4	The menu is ultra simple: just two kinds of simple salads and steamed or fried dumplings. There are a good variety of dumplings though and they are cheap. Our favorite was the unusual beef and curry flavor. Between the four of us we ate 45 dumplings!
4	Located in a somewhat sketchy basement the food makes up for it. Although the atmosphere is full of TVs blasting Chinese take shows.
4	Cucumber salad was good and refreshing.  Had 3 orders of dumpling.  May not be the best place for young kids unless they love dumpling.
4	We could not of been luckier, walked up at 6pm Sunday night and the front table for three was wide open. Random water put on the table and an old, wore out menu... No bother.... Not why we came here. Ordered up a lamb leak and beef coriander set of dumplings. The ladies hand made them in the back while we waited.....wow. Next stop, juicy pillows of loveliness dipped into authentic  vinegar soy sauce (yes, the vinegar bite you get in China). Outstanding love of chewy, puffy, sour dumplings. Only reason it is not 5stars is that i always hold that for the one in the million.Do it. Just eat it. Go ahead....eat it....no ones watching!
5	This is the place for Dumplings , many choices, boiled or pan fried, full of flavour, made fresh , fast service even during lunch time and very affordable. Would definitely  recommend it.
5	Best dumplings in Chinatown. I tried them at Oh Dumpling and they were $12 albeit slightly bigger. The filling was not as good at Oh Dumpling however. The filling in these ones at Mai Xiang Yuan have actual pieces of shrimp and are delicious, DELICIOUS!I took the pork, shrimp and coriander (SO GOOD) and the pork, shrimp and mushrooms (DELICIOUS). Sooo yummy.Also it is much cheaper here. $17 for 2 orders of dumplings is a far better deal than at the fancy Oh Dumpling.Also the restaurant doesn't look very fancy or clean (the carpet is totally stained) but at least they're putting the money in the food.
4	Really good Chinese dumplings restaurant in Chinatown. We came here primarily because of Yelp, but also because we were just walking and this place stood out. The restaurant itself is quite small and very crowded. Dumplings are freshly made by workers in the kitchen, which is available for the public to see in. The menu, salad, dumplings, dumplings in soup, and dessert. Everything is inexpensive and delicious. We started off with the celery and peanuts salad. The celery was a bit soft, but went well with the black peanuts. Served in a very mild vinegar-based sauce. Being around dumplings so much, like in Flushing, NY, there are so many places that all show expertise in their dumpling making process. This is what this place reminds me of. Dumplings are an art, and if you can make quality dumplings one after the other, then there is a quality Chinese dumpling restaurant. At this restaurant, you combine the soy sauce and the vinegar together, just like the sauce for eating soup dumplings. We had ordered the pork and Chinese cabbage dumplings, the beef and leek dumplings, and the pork and shrimp dumplings in soup. By far, the best were the pork and Chinese cabbage. They had the most flavor. I prefer dumplings to be boiled/steamed, so the skin is very soft and rich in flavor. Extremely hot. The broth of the soup was very plain, barely any taste. So I combined the soup with my soy sauce and vinegar mixture, and in an instant, it was at least 5 times better. The beef was very tender, and with the leeks made a great dumpling. They aren't necessarily soup dumplings, but when you bite into them, a little broth comes out, which was really delicious. My only concerns were service, since they weren't friendly at all, and the dumplings themselves, since they didn't truly stand out from any other dumpling I have had in the past.
4	The location is small and not very welcoming, so Imd recommend, if like me you only like to linger in well-designed locations, that you order these awesome dumplings to go!I went with a group of friends and we ordered I think 8 types of dumplings and shared, and to be honest, i couldn't taste a difference between most of them, beef, lamb, coriander, shrimp... It was all the same yummy flavour so... Yum in the end is what matters!
5	Amazing dumplings served fresh. Try the affordable appetizers too!  This is one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.
2	Although the dumplings were good, that's all they have, and there are so many other interesting places in Chinatown that I would recommend going somewhere else instead. The salad side dishes are good but small. I tried the celery and peanut salad and the cabbage, egg and carrot salad which I really liked. I just don't think it deserves 4 and a half stars.
5	the location is a hole in the wall...not a place you want to be if you are into the ambiance. having said that, I am ALL about food and it is worth 5 stars for me. My family and I were in Montreal for 3 days and stumbled upon this tiny little dumpling place. OMG! I have been in North America for almost 20 years, and this is one of the best dumplings I ever had here in this continent. There are both deep fried and steamed dumplings. they are both good. However, if I have to pick one, I have to give the winner to the steamed dumplings. There are juicy broth in those steam dumplings, and the ingredients are also very flavorful. We ordered 4 dishes (2 adults and 2 kids) and we finished them all. The steamed pork dumplings are great. So are the deep fried with lamb meat.I really miss this place! Please consider open a branch in Seattle, WA.
5	On my Crusade through Montreal my comrades and I destroyed an army of dumpling soldiers at this location.  Their circular formations provided little resistance to our precision strikes.  I woke up this morning I looked at myself in the mirror and asked "What's for dinner?" A pilgrimage must be made.  Lamb and coriander dumplings steamed is my piece of Intel.  The food is well worth the wait.
4	Classic awesome dumpling place that you'd walk right by because it's a hole in the wall. If you like dumplings be sure to check it out. Comes with complimentary tea. There are 15 dumplings on a plate which may sound like a lot, but it's just the right size. You can get them boiled or fried. Hard to recommend only one, but I'd say Lamb coriander boiled.
3	A friend recently back from Asia recommended this place. I tried it on a Friday evening early, and it was good!We had a cucumber salad to start, which was refreshing, crunchy and delicious.For dumplings, we tried pork and mushroom, and lamb and coriander (I think) steamed dumplings, plus curried beef fried dumplings. They were all very fresh, and tasty.But I can't give the place 5 stars because I was disappointed with the tastes. I was excited to try the lamb, but frankly I found them a touch bland. I noticed one of the reviews here says that the person couldn't taste the difference between the different types, and I can understand that. I have to say also that compared to the soup dumplings at Qing Hua, they really weren't as good.I would however go back just to see if it wasn't an off day. Seriously, they were good, but there was something missing to my mind.
4	I gotta say..I wasn't looking or expecting good dumpling when during my stay in Montreal.I love the dumplings, I prefer the steamed from the pan fried. Also order the pork and shrimp!What else can I say, did I mention that it's a small place and typical china town that you always ask yourself a question: do I really want to eat here, it's kinda dirty and dingy..but you're glad that you ate at the place...This is that kinda place.What's even better, you will see the cooks making your dumpling made to order in the back part of the restaurants.
4	thank you yelp for recommending a solid dumpling place in montreal!! i would easily walk by here and never notice the deliciousness that was contained within. or something.i made the trek out here and got a half order of pan-fried beef/onion and half pork/chinese cabbage to-go.though i feel like i'm slightly spoiled when it comes to dumplings because there are an abundance of delicious dumpling places where i'm from (toronto). anyway, these were really good and reasonably priced. the restaurant itself serves pretty much only dumplings (except for, like, two appetizers) so keep that in mind
3	It's barely there and it's a hole in the wall but Montrealers swear by its dumplings. We got the shrimp, egg and leek and pork and picked Chinese cabbage dumplings. They were good, but nothing spectacular. Service was fine, just overall I wasn't blown away like many of the reviewers on here, who I would encourage to check out Mother's Dumplings if they're ever in Toronto - THAT is a truly mind-blowing dumpling experience.
3	Don't understand what the fuss is about... The dumplings were ok and the portions large, but it ain't worth 4 1/2 stars.  There isn't much variety and the dumplings were a bit too doughy.  Do yourself a favor and go across the street to Qing hua and get some soup dumplings.
4	I'm not new to dumplings. I've been trained to make them, and I think I do an excellent job at it. These might be a little bit better looking than mine, but they taste just as fresh - meaning these are exceptional "home made" dumplings. The flavors are bright and fresh and the dough has just the right texture. Additionally, their prices are quite reasonable, although I will admit that perhaps their dining space could use a little sprucing up.
4	Having parents who make very good dumplings by the standards of the chinese, I walked into this small restaurant with high bars. I ordered fried pork and leek dumplings and they didnt disappoint me. The things that were missing are the ingredients for a good dipping sauce. They only had vinegar, soy sauce, and some kind of chili sauce. The glasses and the chopsticks were kind of dirty (or old looking actually) so make sure to wipe them with a napkin before using them!
5	Believe the hype; this place is flippin magic! The quality, taste and execution of the humble dumpling at this establishment is nothing less than 5 stars. They know what they're doing and the end result is a mind blowing dumpling that's good either steamed, fried, or in soup. Don't forget to squirt some vinegar to cut through the richness; that takes it to a whole other level. At lunch the salads are $1, take advantage of that especially the cabbage/wasabi salad, or order all of them; for $1, what have you got to lose except find yet another addiction. From the outside it doesn't look like much but if you are in fact a legitimate dumpling fan, passing this place up would be a huge mistake. My only dillema is that there is nothing close to something this well executed back home so until I'm able to return to Montreal all I can do is daydream.
3	If you want dumplings, this is the place.  If not, dumplings are all they have.  This is CASH ONLY despite what Yelp lists.  It's in Chinatown where the restaurants are not all real clean.  This one falls in the middle.
5	This was our first meal after taking the Greyhound into Montreal and I couldn't have asked for anything better. It was the middle of the afternoon so most lunch places were deserted, and we were overwhelmed and starving. This place is marked by a blue sign so faded that it almost looks abandoned. But don't be fooled!Within, the restaurant was empty save for the staff, and we got a complimentary pot of jasmine tea. A few bucks got us a fozen dumplings - an extra dollar or two to have them deep fried, which we readily agreed to. We tried pork & leek and beef & onion and both were CRAZY GOOD. You also get bottles of mysterious vinegary/spicy substances to drizzle onto your food, which I highly recommend.We each polished off a plate of a dozen dumplings and it cost us less than $20. This place is a real gem!
4	This is one of those "hole in the wall" type of places; but don't let its exterior fool you, it is one of the best Dumpling restaurants I've ever had the pleasure to visit. Great service, a very diverse menu with very reasonable prices.
3	The service and little window where the ladies make the dumplings are nice, but having access to great dumplings in SoCal, I found the food to be just okay. If you don't have decent dumplings at home, I can see the appeal. But if you live in a city and are accustomed to (or maybe even a bit picky about) xiao long bao, Mai Xiang Yuan is just so-so.
4	This place rules. It's been on my bookmark list for ages and it did not disappoint. We dragged our Halloween hangovers here at about 4pm, the place was half filled. I don't understand what the comments are below suggesting this place is kind of dirty, we found it very normal really, perhaps a teeny bit better even than what you'd expect in chinatown.It's all dumplings really, and some salad starters. We had lettuce with peanut sauce and celery with peanuts for starters. Super yummy. Then for mains, we ordered three types of dumplings: beef in soup (10), beef curry (15) and shrimp/egg (15). And they were just amazing. Service was great and on point. Vibe is nice a semi-quiet and chill. Food came at appropriate times. Tea was included. And the bill was $36 after tax.Total score. Will definitely, definitely be returning here. We loved it.
1	awful service. the guy always find excuses to prevent you from paying by credit card. food quality is nowhere near satisfactory
4	They finished renovating the place but it used to be a small overcrowded hallway-like room. However it doesn't really matter since people don't come here for the ambiance or the decor. Everyone's there for the food.The price is low, the portions are huge and the pork dumplings I got were filling and tasty. Just that would normally warrant 5 stars, however, coming from an asian background, this restaurant didn't quite meet the standards I'm used to, but it was still a very valid effort. Keep up the good work!
3	Pretty ghetto-looking restaurant. Staff was on and off their lunch break, so they were enjoying a big banquet in the back of the restaurant. Also, overheard a girl saying that she had the fried dumplings before and thought it was gross because it was oily... what does she think fried means?I wanted to come here because of the more unique dumpling ingredient combos versus the norm of beef, pork, chicken. I knew I had to try the lamb dumplings. The meat was definitely very pungent like lamb is supposed to be, but there were little pieces of bones, so that was not too delightful. I would have liked to try more of the unique combos like beef curry, but my bf likes his staples so we got the shrimp, eggs, and leek dumplings. Of course, it was mostly leek and eggs.Get an appetizer of the cold cucumber salad, and you'll have a nice meal for 2 for about $20.
4	I want to give it a 3.5, but I'm going to go for four cause the dumplings here are pretty delicious! Pork or Beef, they were both pretty good.Although the carpet and walls are dated and overly used, it had the typical decor of the - over popular restaurant that doesn't really care what they look like - cause their food is all they care for.I wanted to give this restaurant lower because of a few factors. How when at first searching for this restaurant - it was easy to miss. ( perhaps because I'm from out of town. ) That ordering a glass of ice water meant waiting a while to only get cold tap water. The girl who goes around refilling the tea only came when we first sat down and around the time we were leaving. No one really came to check up on how everything was. How I wished they had red vinegar on our table of self serving sauces.But I'm going to give them a 4! - cause their dumplings are that freaking good.Even when they don't look like much after coming off the pan.
1	So where do I begin... 1 star was already generous.My first time being here was not exactly the best experience a tourist could have. We first arrive and was given room temperature tea on a cold day. Shortly after we placed our order and was very excited about the food. 3 sets of customers come in, sat down and placed their orders. As I witness all these customers devouring their food, my boyfriend (who has a bad headache due to lack of food )and I continue to sit at the restaurant. After 40 minutes go by, I told this bitchy waitress that we have been waiting for a long time. To their response, they forgot and took our order again for the second time. As customer service, they provided us a free salad that looks like a dog has regurgitated out and just said sorry. We waited and waited as we watch them eat their food and pretty much all customers have left at this point.If you don't want to wait long, please do not come here. This is not how to serve customers or keep them!
4	Yep, it was pretty good. The dumplings were by far the best I've ever had. They also take credit/debit as well as cash, which was really convenient. Right in the heart of Chinatown. We got a plate of pork dumplings each, and were pretty pleased with our last minute dinner decision. Would recommend to dumpling snobs.
4	This place it's so good. Don't go there looking for a well put together dumpling place. The restaurant itself looks pretty bit-up, but what matter is the food, and that they got it right! The salads and dumplings are delicious, they serve tea once you are seated, and that is good too. And before I forget, oh so afordable!
1	OK food. But HORRIBLE service :( the waitress messed up the order and then lied about how long the food would take.
2	Ok.. Very dirty restaurant front and kitchen. Also took 30 mins for simple dumplings. Think they were flown in from Queens.
5	My wife and I hit this place everything we are in Montreal now and it always treats us well.  We arrived mid-afternoon so the place was not that busy, for those whose reviews complain about the "time" it takes to get the meal, you obviously aren't watching through the glass window as they make EACH order as it's ordered.  I watched the 4 ladies in the back make the dumplings that went into our soup (great on a -11 day) and shortly thereafter make the two sets of dumplings that we had fried.  Our favorite is the beef and coriander, yum!   Food comes out fresh and hot and incredible.  This is not a fancy place but who cares when the food is so good.  And it's cheap.  Only real complaints are that the tables are small so hard to hold the tea pot, soup, and dumplings on one table.  Also, for those travelers using AMEX, no go here.  Oh yea, and a few more napkins at each table could help, we had 1 to split :-)
1	Overpriced, hidden fees, bad service, dirty
5	This is the place to go for hand-made dumplings.  We had the pork seafood, and sons had beef-curry and pork-seaweed.  We had seaweed salad and celery with peanuts appetizers.  All were steamed, not fried.  While all were delicious, I would recommend sticking with the simplest choices.  This is not a fancy place, and the tables are small.  The food is authentic and very good.
5	It tastes so good~ it is the best dumplings I have in Canada.  and the owner is really nice ~
5	Great dumplings. I enjoyed more the steamed than the fried ones but both are very tasty and made right there for you.
4	This place was jammed packed Friday night. Like every other dumpling joint, this is a hole in the wall. Cramped quarters elbow to elbow with fellow diners locals and tourists alike. A plate of dumplings will run you about 10 dollars more or less, with 15 dumplings per plate. If you're not insanely hungry, one plate per person would do. I stuck to pan-fried pork and leek and steamed pork mushroom and shrimp because I never mess with the "classics". The wait is a tad on be long side but you get free hot tea to tie you over (mine was served in a 12 oz drinking glass and replaced with another glass promptly after finishing. Interesting to say the least.)The filling of the pork and leek was more flavorful of the two but I preferred the steamed style. There was something about the way the dumplings tasted that was a tad "off" about the pan-fried dumplings. Maybe it was old fry oil or something but it was too savory / salty on the outside to really appreciate the flavor inside. NYC's prosperity dumpling blows theirs out of the water undoubtably. And call me a gringo, but I prefer Sriracha over hot chili oil on my dumplings. The skin wasn't too hot either (I like a slightly thicker skin with an Al-dente chew). I wish the shrimp was ground up finely in the shrimp and pork dumplings- it's nice to know they put a substantial amount of succulent tasty shrimp in their dumplings but I think the flavor is better when the shrimp are ground, but that's just me.  I'm not breaking my pelvis to return here but it's pretty solid. Not Prosperity or Vanessa's dumpling level good though. Don't look down on the floor because it's carpet matted with old dirt, gravel and other grime from the streets of Montreal. Im sure they attempt to clean it and is in no way a commentary about the hygiene of the food but I would suggest pulling up the carpet and just having bare carpet for the customer's dining pleasure. Store owners are incredibly nice and attentive by the way.
5	Steamed even better than the fried. SO SO SO SO SO GOOD.
