5	Where do I even start?? I LOVED this place. There were plenty of beer options on tap and the bartenders helped pick out a great beer, or two actually that fit my tastes.  We came for lunch and had the potato chip, truffle and bleu cheese appetizer. It was so incredible that I swore off potato chips, I don't think any other will ever be able to compare!  We then split the sliders and the beef brisket. The sliders and fries were also very very good, but I prefered the beef brisket. I ordered it with the mini  rolls, and my sauces were the bleu cheese fondue and the TE BBQ. Both were super yum. The brisket was cooked perfectly and was a big portion. If we weren't sharing things, we would never have finished.  Give it a chance, I thought it was wonderful and am sad I only go to Vegas once a year to get to enjoy this.
5	A yelp and the thinly veiled link to food porn. Look at any number of the pictures that people take of their meal. It's, for all intent and purpose, food porn. We go on and on about how we ate here and what we had like we're bragging about our latest conquest in the bed room. "Oh man, you should have seen that plate, man. It was easily a 10 and I tore it a new one!" Yes, you can pretty easily make smut novels if you replace whatever food items in a typical review with gender names and you have yourself a grocery store check-out romance novel with Fabio on the cover. So with that, let's talk Dirty.. Dirty Chips that is. These things.. Oh man, if I had a camera I would tell them nothing as they would already be making love to the camera. Any more dirty and this review would be X-rated. But let's go with trying to make the FCC blow up. Let's talk real dirty now.. I mean, how can you top this nasty-kitten! It's a huge pile of Kettle chips with bacon bits, scallions, blue cheese dressing and deep fried chicken liver pate. If your mouth isn't watering already, I would have to question your manhood. Then you can get really raw.. with their extensive raw bar, that is. Though let's be Frank (Sinatra) here. If you are in Vegas, there's a cheaper way to get Shrimp and Crab than getting it at an oyster bar. Stick to those and you should be fine.So what about the lubricant of love, the back bone of any good pub, The beer? It was what I consider a pretty extensive list of beers on tap. Any place that has Fat Tire is a place I will eat in. But they went above and beyond. Blueberry beer. Yes, the Snozberries may taste like snozberries but I do love me the taste of Blueberries. This beer.. tasted like Blueberries. The whole joint looks like it could be in some old English novel as the town tavern, but with a slightly more updated way to dimly light an establishment. The bathroom is very dark. They really nailed the whole dingy pub look there better than, say, New York New York did with its squeaky clean NY City streets. Brick stones line the walls and create a look and along with the many hand crank beer handles on the walls and the "flare" of old taverns and pubs, this place has a look that just makes me want to drink some more and enjoy the sights. I didn't even touch on the burger. Now I'm not much of a turkey fan. Just doesn't have the same food porn feel, no matter how much you stuff it, that beef does. But the turkey burger with turkey bacon wrapped around it was something out of this world. Oh man, would I like to put that in my mouth over and over again. And with that vivid and oddly perverted description of my food, I'll bid you farewell.
4	This place just opened a few months ago at Aria in Las Vegas.  The selection of different starters and beer was great. I started with an Anchor Steam and Handmade chips with bacon, blue cheese, blue cheese dressing, tomatoes and chicken liver. At first i was a little apprehensive about the chicken liver but when the liver arrived deep fried i was pleasantly surprised. All the flavors paired well together. The nachos were delicious!For the main course I ordered Fish and chips. It arrived as a whole fillet on top of a mound of french fries. It was accompanied with tartar sauce, ketchup, and malt vinegar cream sauce that was to die for. Overall the fish was good but i would get another item next time. The service was a little slow but they were busy with the lunchtime rush. I would definitely go back. The menu had so many great choices that i was sad i couldn't eat more. Gastropub done right!
4	Awesome bar!  The food is very good and be ready to wait.  If you sit at the bar they have this 7 second hour glass every other seat. You can get free beers from this concept, if you are brave.  Barkeep will turn it over and you have 7 seconds to finish it, which means not a drop on you.  Totally doable.  Due to them having PBR and/or Guinness.Get the grilled cheese sandwich.  They have this crazy panini press that actually puts grill canals on the bread.  It's very good.
5	Great option if nothing is to your liking in Aria itself.  Great for sports.  I was here during march madness and it was off the hook.  If you are into oysters the eastern are a bit better vs the western.  They have multiple choices of meat in either 1/2 or full pound options served with your choice of  2 excellent unique sauces on the side with diff options on bread.  I highly recommend the pickled vegetables if you are into that sort of thing.  And they serve a beer after my own heart, "the arrogant bastard".  'nuff said
4	When you want to drink or want to eat, this place is the right place to be any time of day.  This is the newest of Todd English restaurants in Vegas and is located at Crystals in City Center.  I found this place on Opentable and made reservations for 3 to celebrate my niece's engagement and pregnancy, and we were seated immediately upon arrival.There is a nicely sized bar near the entrace where you don't need a reservation to sit and eat or drink.  You may  notice their hour glasses at every other seat and wonder, "just what the heck is this?"  Well, their theme is the seven second beer.  If you can down any of their beers in 7 seconds you get it for free.  It's a great gimmick and one that makes this bar a whole lot of fun.I did arrive in the afternoon, though, and skipped the beer.  We requested a booth and that's exactly what we received.  Our server was nice and explained their menu, which is separated into parts as most are.  They have their seafood appetizers, their carney--assorted meats sold in 1/2 pound or 1 pound orders with bread and your choice of sauce--sammies, and sides.  Their wine menu is very extensive and quite impressive for a pub, so make sure to check it out while you're there.  We ordered a 1/2 pound of lamb for an appetizer with pita and black truffle mayo, mini corn dogs with fries, their grilled cheese and a fried bologna sandwich.  I know what you're thinking--this food sounds too simple and not worth the money.  WRONG!  Their portions are huge and definitely not the type of grilled cheese or bologna I could make at home.  Here's the breakdown of the meal:1/2lb lamb with black truffle mayo and pita: As suggested by our waiter, we went with the bread and sauce he recommended, although there are several choices.  The lamb is so tender, juicy, and seasoned just right.  I cannot believe how good that lamb is, and is one of the reasons I'll go there on a regular basis.  I wanted to order the other meats to try, but a 1/2lb can serve three people in all honesty.  Great starter.  It's a meal as well, if you prefer, but you can request it to come out as an appetizer if you choose.Corn dogs: cute miniature corn dogs that are great!  They make their own corn batter and fries, all truly good and better than those frozen ones I buy at the market for sure.  They do not have any condiments on the table--that's because they make their ketchup and mustard!  I dipped my dogs in their ketchup, which is slightly sweeter than the store bought, but I liked it.Grilled Cheese: it's named something weird on the menu, but you'll recognize it from the description.  They use several cheeses and throw in sliced heirloom tomatoes and applewood smoked bacon, too. It's panini pressed into their fresh bread and served with your choice of fries.  I went for sweet potato fries and I ate it all up!  the grilled cheese is definitely for cheese lovers only.  They use a stronger cheese mix, so beware.  However, it's lovely, gooey, and huge!  I had to share it with my niece's boyfriend because I couldn't finish the sandwich alone.  i did, however, eat the entire bucket of sweet potato fries with their house ketchup.  I love how sweet they are but with that salty outside.  It's also a great alternative to the regular potato fry.Fried bologna sammie with fatty fries: My niece loved it!  i tried a piece of the deli sliced bologna and I'll never eat store-bought again!  It was salty and had that nice pork flavor to it, and when it's fried in butter, it tastes even better!  Again, huge portions--enough for 2--and the fatty fries were well seasoned with simple salt.  Great hangover food choice, I think.We didn't try any of their desserts and I am not sure if they have a dessert menu because I didn't ask.  However, I doubt anyone would eat anything after a regular order of food!You have to ask your server what they recommend for the day because they know what's best.  Let them know your tastes, and they'll guarantee a great meal!Overall, I'm thrilled with this pub and will be a regular here for lunch and dinner.  I'm hooked on their carney part of the menu and will deem this my meat restaurant of choice in vegas.  If you love pubs and want a great meal any time of day, you have to stop into this place.  It is definitely worth the price!
1	This place recycled every trendy cliche going.  The food was heavy and greasy and tasteless.  Awful.  Really.  And Expensive.  Fake dartboards painted on the wall?  $8 draft beers?  $11 potato chips?  $13 for 6 mini corn dogs on top of a pile of limp fries?  Rock and Roll XM satellite station? Tabletops had beer pong boards carved in.  Pot Pie was $18 bucks and all pastry.  Service was so bad I was angry and felt violated.  I love how they brag about not carrying Budweiser products.  As if this place isn't just as commercialized and insipid.I felt embarrassed and foolish after paying the tab.  Didn't touch my entree but server and busser didn't notice or care.  Wow, Todd English, you're so trendy and indie now.  The existence of this place signifies the official"gastropub" shark jump.Really not a good place at all...
2	Went in, waited 5 minutes for just water n utensils. Another 10 minutes for the waiter to tell us they ran out of the "filthy chicken" appetizer we ordered, and another 15 minutes for Chicken Wings to arrive. Confirmed: Delirium Tremmens on Draft for $14! Ordered it, sat next to the bar saw the bartender poured it. Salivated for another 10 minutes just for our waiter to bring it over, while the other servers just stood there and watched the game and chat. Food ain't bad but the service is not even remotely representative of "strip" quality. It's amazing how they are overstaffed and no body is doing $hit! Bottom line, when you're around Chrystal Mall or Aria, GO EAT ELSE WHERE before shopping!
4	P.U.B. has it going on my Yelp fans! They feature over two dozen beers on tap and several other hard-to-find brew bottled.  The bartenders also make some wickedly delicious concoctions.I was at PUB last night celebrating a friends birthday and felt right at home.  Darts, Beer Pong, 7 second drink-off, PUB was like being at my favorite neighborhood bar.  At one point I didn't realize that a hundred feet away is the single largest Louis Vuitton in existence.  That is the beauty of PUB; it takes the pompous, made of money, feeling out of Crystals.  The menu isn't happy hour cheap like Yardhouse, BJ's, or PT's.  However, the drinks, food, and service are all good..... I urge you to give Todd English's PUB a try.
4	I liked this place a lot.  The food here was amazing, and I don' t say that lightly.  I ordered the delicious brown butter lobster rolls and could only finish 1/2 of them.  My DH ordered the carvery duck, with the BBQ and the soy sauces, and this duck was amazing, rotissierie duck with crispy skin.  It was delicious.  He had them as deconstructed sandwiches on a roll; I was just picking at the delicious duck meat and skin.  Wow.  The beer list is quite extensive, too.  We sat during lunch time and were overlooking the City Center/Crystals lobby area.  Very relaxed vibe.  We did try it the night before for a beer, after our immense disappointment at THE PUB at Monte Carlo (not to be confused with this place).  After 11pm, the kitchen was closed and there was a lot of confusion with the seating.  We were told our section was closed, there was no service, but the staff still allowed patrons to sit there.  The staff said they'd 'be back' to seat us, but never did come back to seat us elsewhere, so we stayed at that table and eventually figured out that we would have to order from the bar.  We stayed for one drink.  I enjoyed the lunch experience a lot more.
4	Terrific food, excellent service, great selection of beers... running out of superlatives here...  I recommend the carved prime beef, on a toasted English muffin, with black truffle mayo.  It was exquisite.  You can order the 1/2 pound option and there will still be enough meat for two sandwiches (just ask for another muffin - they brought us one for free).  The fries were perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned.  The ambiance is less pubby than, say, Nine Fine Irishmen over in NYNY - and more upscale, like the other Aria restaurants.  Expect to pay a bit more, too.  The two of us were seated right away on a late Thursday evening, in a nice booth at our request.
4	Buck J and I stumbled upon this place a couple weeks ago just after it opened.  The best way I can describe this is "really effing good".  Great beer selection to start with.  We started with the Dirty Chips, which were amazing upscale nachos thing with house made potato chips, cheese and a whole bunch of awesome on the side.The middle portion of their menu is the "Carving Board".  It's a great selection of house cured meats and you choose a bread and two sauces - basically make your own awesome sandwich.  I got the brisket with sourdough bread, truffled aioli and pineapple teriyaki sauce.  The teri sauce was awesome and I really liked the dish, definitely getting a different version of the carving board.Definitely be stopping by next time we visit Vegas, and this could easily be up to 5 stars pretty easy.
5	My fiance and I ate lunch here on our recent trip to Vegas. Service was excellent, as it should be in Las Vegas, and food was just as good. I just had a Caesar salad, and he had the Shepard's pie. The salad had a very interesting presentation, including full leaves of romaine. The dressing was to die for, and the croutons were possibly the best I ever had, and I consider myself a hard to please Caesar salad connoisseur.  It was just enough portion wise. My man loved his Shepard's pie. I had a few bites of it as well, and it was very tasty. Food here was well presented, and came out quickly. I wish we had been there at dinner time when more is maybe going on. I love that the tables here double as beer pong tables. Too bad there would have been no other patrons to challenge. Damn. Prices were your Vegas norm - entrees were approximately $15-$35 depending on what you order. Excellent place over all - We will be back!
4	Most times when you go to bars that serve peanuts in shells, there are at least a few nuts that are kinda...retarded.  They taste off, look a little strange and are just throwaways.  How is it possible that every peanut this bar has is perfect??  Is there a guy in the back inspecting each and every peanut? Aside from the fact that most beers start at $8 here..the food is certainly worth coming for.  We had a 1/2 lb of the pastrami and it was pure heaven.  I cannot wait to go back and try the rest of the carved meats.  It would be a bit pricey to get drunk at this place...perhaps just show up drunk already??
3	So the insanity begins when you realize that if you can beat the 10 second "hourglass" timer affixed to the bar, your beer is free. Yes, you know what I mean, chug, chug, chug....you've already lost.
3	There's only so much I can judge a place by when my order consists of "Corn Dog Puppies" but this is where we are in life.Todd English P.U.B. got my attention when someone sent out a tweet mentioning their Tuesday night PBR special.  5 cents per 8 ounce PBR.  Basically they're giving it away.  I didn't go during this event but I might return in the future to check it out.Instead I just went during a less than peak traffic period to get a taste for the place.  It's located in the bowels of CityCenter, which now features hit and miss iphone 3G coverage.  (An improvement over the "might as well just leave the phone in the car" coverage.)Things I liked:- The staff is super friendly.- They serve Molson Canadian.- A good range of bar food appetizers, to seafood, to burgers and fries.- Free popcorn while you wait.Things I don't like:- Kinda pricey. $8 for some mini corn dogs and a few fries. But I guess I should have expected as such dining at a new place with a celeb chef name at the most over the top location on the strip.- I know the place serves fish, but does the smell need to overpower the venue?- Kinda felt like the staff is pressured to upsell.  I just want a brief snack/appetizer.  Don't need to be questioned repeatedly if I want to order more stuff.I could see myself coming back if I had some money to burn and want to have a good meal.  I saw some dishes being taken to other guests and the presentation looks excellent.
4	We decided to stop in here for some apps and beers after checking out the City Center area.  The beer selection here is pretty good with some local craft brews on the menu.  The beers in general are a bit pricey tho ($9 for a Stella and $14 for a Delerium Tremens).  We sat in the bar area and the atmosphere is very open and comfortable.  Easy to hold a conversation and would be a nice place to take a date for drinks.  The apps were good.  I got the sliders and they were very tasty.  However, the service ended up being poor as our waitress seeemed to disappear for about 20 minutes leaving us with empty glasses.I would have gone with three stars but as I came out of the bathroom (the sink area is shared by both guys and gals), a couple girls were giggling and fooling around and ended up making out with each other.   Anytime you can go to a bar and see a couple girls play some tonsil hockey with each other deserves an extra star.
5	Food so so, who cares though. The beers on tap here are world class. Fullers ESB, Strongbow, Tripel Karmeliet, Chimay Cinq Cents, etc. Im rating this 5 as a bar / pub with great taps. I drank with a bonafide British guy and when a guy from Germany or Britain approves of what comes out of the taps that just buttresses that which I already know, the beer here is great!Come on in for a drink.
1	The beer options are massive, those that have sampled Olive's will be intrigued, but after 3 visits, there's a huge problem-- the service is terrible. One thing that's happened every time I've walked in from Pocket Park, is this dialogue with the hostess were I basically have to spell out that I'm a diner, I would like a table for my party, and we want to EAT HERE. I don't usually walk into a restaurant to sight see. Please please, say hello, ask what I'm here for (a reservation accepted or to be made, or an inquiry about getting seated). DO say hello to patrons. DO NOT text, talk with waiters, then go back to your paperwork duties. It's a constant complaint that has been discused on many blogs, podcasts, and with my friends (3 tries) something's wrong there!  It's weird...I knowAnyway, expect even lesser service at the tables, you'll see some tables get pop corn, huge bread baskets, yours might even be one, but others will get just a quick pass from a waiter saying hello and then asking for an order. Then...prepare to wait. On all three ocassions I've waited at least 45 minutes for the entree. That's rediculous for a PUB. The food is okay, the mac and cheese is fine, the bangers and mash consists of bland potatoes and bland sausage, even by english pub standards. The fish and chips is outstanding. The beer selection amazing.Just know what you're getting into here, this restaurant, after being open over three months does not have it's act together. And, the staff clearly acts like they don't care. If you love Todd English (I do) try this place, but otherwise skip it-- it's not in the same class as his other establishments. I'm pretty dissapointed.
5	Been here several times. I must say that I really do love this place. Although I am currently on a sobriety fix through August, this is a great place to throw back several beers and be amongst the best of friends (or strangers you just met).Beer selection is VERY good. Lot's of great imports and craft beers. Also you have your usual more well-known American counterparts like PBR. Tuesday nights from 9-12am you can get PBR in 8oz cups for a nickel. Think of all the hijinks that would ensure.I've never eaten here. Only drank and hungout. Food portions look amazing, and it looks like high quality stuff. My foodie friends and strangers seem to really enjoy it, and I trust their opinions.After all, who doesn't trust a stranger?
4	In a sea of over-the-top bars and lounges, Todd English's P.U.B. is a nice, casual departure.... If you are a beer fan, COME HERE. No need to pay $9 for a Bud Light at the Gold Lounge in Aria, come to P.U.B. where you can have a 4-beer flight for only $15! The bar menu is fantastic too....we had the mini pretzels and the mini parmesan chicken sandwiches.  They were great and I suspect whatever we would have ordered would have tasted great.The only issue?  We were there around 1:00am, so not ridiculously late by Vegas standards, and on TV they were showing infomercials.  Really?  As much as I love watching people become transformed by P90X, I'd prefer to at least watch ESPN news, and I'm a girl.  Or maybe just shut the TV's off and make the bar patrons actually talk with one another?  Just a thought.I recommend P.U.B. to anyone at Aria/Crystals who wants something lively yet casual.  Great people, food, service, and drinks.
1	I should have left when I saw the roach wandering around on the floor near the hostess table and the waitresses trying to divert attention away from it.  I had an appetizer and a sandwich.  Luckily I had a table, since the bar was full of frat-boys having chugging contests.  The appetizer was disgusting: cold, greasy, and completely gross.  The sandwich was okay, but the bread was too hard.   If you want a place to go and have an overpriced beer and bar food, eat here.  Otherwise, go to one of the other great places in CityCenter or Aria.  I'd have to say that P.U.B. fails for English.
5	the best place on the strip !!the beers are amazing !! the staff is great !!the food is great !! great job for a place that just opened !! go down and try to beat the 7 second hourglass beer challenge !! great bar staff !! food is out of this world !!
4	Justin B. and myself came here for lunch on a friday afternoon around 1pm. place wasnt too packed and was seated at a booth right away. the lunch menu consists of a lot of burgers/sandwiches and a great selection of beer. i decided to go with the make your own sandwich carvery option. you basically get to choose the bread, meat, and sauce to create your own sandwich. i went with the 1/2 pound of beef brisket on mini kaiser rolls for about $18 (think mini sliders). the portions are super generous! i was full after making 2 sliders and i practically still had an entire plate of brisket leftover! pair that with some tasty skinny fries and a hefenweizen - it's a great lunch and way to start of the weekend! hahanote - the brisket leftovers (even cold) made a great late night snack while drunk at 4am haha :)
1	We're NEVER on the strip unless we have guests, and we had family over this weekend so we took a stroll through the infamous City Center and decided to have a bite to eat at the Pub. We arrive, and it's kind of loud in there, music was on blast. It's a nice place to maybe, drink but the food was crap. We waited about 10 mins before our waitress came over to greeted us, take our drink orders and then 10 mins after that, she returns only to tell us that we have only about 10 mins before the kitchen closes... WTF, why didn't you tell us that when you first approached us?! SO, since we were short on time, we asked her "What do you recommend?" and ordered whatever she spit out, BIGGEST MISTAKE-- EVER!!! But that's our fault for listening to her, no it's our fault for even coming here. Of course this chick wants a high tip-out so she of course recommends, the Lobster Rolls, a whopping $25. OK, so it's lobster and we're expecting quality for that price, hey, it's City Center, an MGM property, only good shit, right? WRONG. First of all, they are SMALL and consists of mostly bread. They used CLAW MEAT, the tail of the lobster is normally used for Lobster Rolls! That's the worst part to use, AND it was overcooked and chewy, WTH. They're more like shitty SLIDERS than an actual Lobster Roll. It also came with stale chips and some mushy cole slaw, YUUUUUUUCK. Worst $25 spent. The next thing on our menu was the chili. We like to try the chili when ever we go to a new restaurant. It was good for the first couple bites but after that, it became saltier with every spoonful. We were over the taste but we were hungry so we ate it anyway. My brother & his gf had a sandwich and sliders, both were disappointed in their selections, and again, recommended by the server. We were still hungry when we left this place, it's ridiculous considering the final cost of our bill! The bill was $70 between 4 people and I was the ONLY one that had beer, everyone else had water... Damn, it's a Pub, they're trying to be some kind of "High End" Pub? That's an oxymoron. They should think about renaming their Establishment and tweaking their menu, its sucks.
3	I appreciate P.U.B. esp. since the strip has few bars with long beer lists.  That said, the selection at Burger Bar is longer and better.  Nonetheless, my husband and I enjoyed stopping here for to try some new beers, and the bartender was friendly.
2	Just say no.At first glance, it's cute..and it tells you to come hither.So you do.I was expecting awesome food for some odd reason..  mostly because I love pubs, and most of the time the experience is fun and yummy.We arrived as a group of six, and were seated within ten minutes.  So far so good.The menu is fun.  Half of the menu (literally, half) is their beer selection.  Too bad I only like pale/light/crisp beers, so my choices were limited.. but I still enjoyed my "Straten", from Germany.  On draft/draught.  I was debating between the bison burger (never had, and was even contemplating subbing with regular ground beef had I gotten it).. the toppings sounded good..  I think it was blue cheese, celery, carrot.  Now that I wrote it out, it doesn't sound that great at all.  Either way, I'll never know, because I got the fish and chips.  Figured.. it's an English pub.. get one of their specialties.  My cousins got the chicken parm sliders.  They actually sound good, even though it's not the thing to order anywhere that isn't Italian.  But there was a problem.  So let me ask you this.  When you hear "chicken parm", you think breaded chicken breast, right?  Not ground chicken meat with a sour marinara, right?  Well, that's what this was.  Ground chicken.  Why?  It should be named "ground chicken sliders with acidic tomato sauce".  And you only get three, and I believe it's an "entree" dish!  Not an appetizer.  Booooo.My fish n' chips were good, but nothing that other pubs should be worried about.  Two pieces of fried Cod, and the batter was good.  Crispy, although a bit too thick.  The fish itself was a tad overcooked and rubbery, but shake some malt vinegar on it and you're good to go.  It comes with thick/steak cut fries.  The dipping sauces are tartar and a creamy malt vinegar.  I prefer regular malt vinegar, which you have to ask for..    odd for an English pub.  Usually they have cruets or the Heinz version of it on the table.  $18?  That's not right.  Oh, but it was.Anyway, the person who wrote the menu descriptions should be paid a million billion dollars for making everything sound so good.. and unique.  Ambiance is cool.  Beer selection is nice.  Food is a definite miss.  Prices are not matched properly to the quality and amount.  Service is very good.  The employees are very friendly and kind.
3	Nickel PBR night at Todd English P.U.B. can safely be called the busiest event going on at City Center on a Tuesday night. This should come as no surprise. NICKEL PBR. Need I say more? I went here for dinner and beer with my boyfriend and some friends. I was surprised by their selection of beers. Not quite as large as Yardhouse, but impressive nonetheless. I ordered a Kronenbourg 1664, which is a usual of mine. I had some trouble ordering from the menu because nothing was exactly how I would like it and I prefer not to be one of those "Can I get the bacon cheeseburger, no cheese, no bacon?" kind of people. So I got the double cheeseburger, sans the double. The best way to judge a restaurant, particularly a casual restaurant, is to have the burger. If they can make a good burger, then I can confidently order from the rest of the menu. P.U.B. did not disappoint. The burger was delicious; seasoned properly and cooked to perfection. Despite being over-sized, the bun was awesome. To top it all off, the seasoned skinny fries were fantastic. Once the beer, burger, and fries were gone, it was time. Bring on the PBR. Let's just say, you get what you pay for. Who says you can't buy anything for a nickel anymore? One nickel can buy you a plastic cup filled with the beer that has been an American icon and beloved by Midwesterners for decades. May not have lived up to my Kronenbourg 1664, but it made for good times. Overall, I enjoyed the experience at Todd English P.U.B. The prices were typical Las Vegas Strip prices and apparently low for City Center. The staff still had that "I don't know what I am doing" attitude, but our waiter was decent. I can't say that you'll be able to find me there every Tuesday night, but I'm sure that was not my last visit. If you want some slightly overpriced, slightly better-than-expected burgers, and nickel PBR, Todd English P.U.B. is what you want.
2	My girlfriend and I went to this Public Urban Bar (come on guys, just call it a pub) after reading Matt C's glowing review on here, mostly because the lure of nickel PBR's could not be ignored forever.After finally figuring out how to get into the damn place, we took our seats and ate some food (and drank some real beer) until 9PM, when the PBR party officially started.I tried the roast beef sliders, which were about as tasty as the roast beef sandwiches at Arby's. That is, worth about three bucks. They couldn't be simpler, either. Roughly four inches of roast beef between two buns with (I think) some sort of aioli thrown in so it at least has some sort of flavor. I love roast beef as much as the next guy, but these sliders were just too much. These suckers cost me thirteen smackers, which they are definitely not worth. The nickel beers (if you can call PBR beer) were definitely nice, but the mediocrity of my meal stuck with me.I'm not going to get into details about my adventure today trying to recover the debit card I left at the P.U.B. last night, but let me give you a piece of advice: Never deal with the City Center security / lost and found department if you can avoid it. I'm pretty sure it's the entire staff's first day, every day.Between the moderate inaccessibility compared to other pubs in town, the extremely high prices on everything (seriously, nine bucks for a Blue Moon?), and the unremarkable food, I can't recommend this place unless you've got friends who really insist on meeting up there -- or you go on a Tuesday night for some really cheap (in multiple senses) beer. I hear the actual burgers are actually quite good though, so maybe I'll try one soon. I'll have to save up for a while first, though.
5	I loved Todd English PUB.  It seems like some places that blend nice and casual fail terribly and some succeed wildly.  I think Todd English PUB does the latter.  From the beer flights to the tile walls to the tv's with sports to the chicken pot pie on the menu, there are real pieces of casual flare everywhere even though it is located where the Aria hotel meets the Crystals shopping area (two of the nicer complexes in Vegas).  But don't let the casualness fool you, the food is not lacking.  The shrimp cocktail is really good and especially the cocktail sauce is amazing.  The beer flights are fun and depending on your taste can be really good.  I had the ckicken pot pie for dinner and to be fair, I love chicken pot pie almost anywhere I can get it but to also be fair is was really freakin good.Overall, it is a fun place that IMO takes the best of a casual food atmosphere and blends it with really good food which I love.  I especially love it because all to often I feel like I end up at places that use the casual element on the food prep and make their atmosphere nice but stuffy and thus fail on both sides.I also love that they serve PBR!
4	I had to write a quick review.... I really enjoyed this place. It's a fun atmosphere, with plenty of drinks flowin. They have a great little patio outside for those who enjoy the outdoors, and plenty of seating inside, including a large bar with seating all around. Large TVs to watch the game, hockey was on when we were there. I tried a few bites of everyone's food and everything was awesome! The brisket was so flavorful and the sliders were tasty. I have to say my fave was the fries, some of the best french fries I have tasted since the ones at Half Moon. Yum! Have to try them! Oh but don't forget about the 7 second beer chugging challenge.... order any draft beer and finish it in 7 seconds or less and you don't have to pay for it. Awesome idea! Here in AZ we aren't able to play such fun drinking games, but Vegas is a whole different story. Little Miss Georgeann G. finished her second attempt in less than 7 seconds, after taking the boys advice to drink Guinness, smoother they said. Good job G!
4	I was in town for a friend's bachelor party.  We were wandering through Aria - and I saw P.U.B. on the way in.  After a little indulgence in the Sports Book (solid), we checked out a few other menus before committing.  Grabbed 4 seats at the bar - hassle free.  Good bartenders - watched them officiate the 9.5 second egg timer pint chug - pretty impressed to see 3 guys get through it.  The whole experience was solid.We chose to eat at the bar and met some good people - except for Jimmy O. taking an accidental dart in the eye.Above average:Duck slidersGood: Dirty Chips with Chicken liversChicken Parm slidersLobster rollNot so hot:Smoked Salmon Quesadilla - not bad, just not expected
5	5 cent PBR beers on Tuesdays is what got me here. Let's be honest, why would I samps pub food or beer in City Center..it just screams expen$ive.But, the food wasn't too bad on price and it was delishhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....how do i add more 'H's here??My friend and I shared a lamb sandwich on pita with truffle mayo and soy maple sauce....OMFG....SO EFF'N GOOD =)Come for the 5cent beer but, STAY FOR THE INCREDIBLE FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	oooooh so good! we were tight on time, got seated right away and our server arrived promptly wo take our order and provide excellent reccomendationsFish and chips-battered and flaky fish perfectly cookedLobster roll -omg the bread was buttered, panfried and stuffed with lobster meatsmoked salmon quesidellia-topped with crumbled egg and capers, salmon very fresh and fork tender
3	The beer flight (I had the Big Boy) was really delicious, including chimay, and was a nice price. I can't give any start for the fish, which was 80% breading and 20% actual fish. Fatties (fries were yummy!)Good service, nice atmosphere.
5	Thank you Todd English PUB for making my birthday a great one. I needed a place to have my  large party have a bite to eat before dancing the night away. I wanted to find a place close enough to our hotel (Aria) so that my large party wouldn't have to travel so far.I also didn't want to force my party into dining at a fixed menu joint and/or spending an arm and a leg for a crappy meal. So I found the PUB, and wasn't disappointed. My boyfriend and I ordered the lobster rolls, mini corn dogs (I know, but I couldn't help it), and the duck buns. All 3 were soo good. I had people stealing my mini corn dogs while I wasn't looking. I had bites of my friend's shepard's pie...and it was SOOOO good. Service was incredibly great. And making reservations were even more pleasant. The manager was so great in trying to help me out as much as possible. I have to say, eating is not easy for a large group in Vegas, but somehow it worked out here.Thanks so much again...!!!
4	This is a great "guy's" restaurant.  That's not to say women won't enjoy this place, but it's geared towards men.  The flat panels all over the place showing sports, the hearty portions - it's very manly. =)Came here for lunch with a friend and I loved the fresh oysters and crab claws sitting on ice, the baseball games displayed on the TVs, and the smell of roasting meats in the air.  I knew I was in the right place.Started with a dozen fresh oysters.  Half of them were from the East coast and the other half from the West Coast.  They were very fresh and mild.   We also ordered the Dirty Chips ($14), but not by choice.  I tried to order something else and they had already discontinued it from the menu.  Boo.  The Dirty Chips were pretty good, but they were just too much food for my friend and I to eat.  They are homemade kettle chips covered in bleu cheese, bacon bits, scallions and fried chicken livers.  Ugh.   My arteries took a serious hit after eating some of these, but they were damn good.  For our entrees, he ordered the Organic Chicken Pot Pie ($18) - chicken, potatoes, carrots topped with a puff pastry crust.  It was huge!  I ordered from their "meat" menu.  They have a menu where you choose the meat and they carve it out for you and you get your choice of bread and condiments to make yourself a sandwich.  I ordered the Prime Rib, which came out shaved and oh so deliciously moist and rare.  I ordered it with the sourdough bread and creamy horseradish sour cream and mayo with truffles.  Sooooo good!Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.  If you need to take a break from all the gambling and partying and just get a nice, hearty, "man" meal - come to Public Urban Bar.Pros: good comfort food, huge portions, reasonable prices, laid back atmosphereCons: I honestly can't think of anything specific.  Good job, P.U.B.!
2	We only drank here because we were eating at Sage. We only had one beer each because this place was very pricey. We had three Bosteele, a Fat tire and a sampler and the cost was almost $60. They do have a raw bar. Which seemed fresh. The bartender was good, not pushy and was patient with our order. If you have another choice of places to drink, go there. The PUB is a bit overrated.
5	I went to Todd English's P.U.B. last month with a couple of friends.  When you put it in the context of Las Vegas and the insane rent this place must be paying at CityCenter, the prices are more than reasonable for what you get.  Of the restaurants I have been to in Vegas, this place was one of the most reasonable priced.  Now for the food.  I ordered the brisket carvery with a side of fries (fries are ordered separately) and I probably could have shared it with somebody.   There was so much food I left half the sandwich on the plate.  The brisket was extremely tasty, and the condiments I chose (truffle mayo, horseradish sour cream) were both fantastic.  The ambience was also great, as it was like an upscale more sophisticated sports bar in a "publike" atmosphere.  Overall, I give this place five stars, especially when viewed in light of all the other options in Vegas (all the extremely high priced ones that is).  My sole complaint is that the hostess said we would have to wait to sit outside and the server outside said there was no wait to sit outside.  Small complaint, but a problem nonetheless.
4	I'm a vegas regular and decided to try something new this latest vacation. I'm obsessed with Olives by Todd English so I thought I would try out P.U.B..  It was solid and I'll be back. The server was great, very helpful, honest, and friendly.  The food was good too, I had the lamb with challah which I loved, especially when I added the truffle may and the horseradish. The only critique is that I would have liked lettuce onion and tomato to add to my sandwich. The best part of P.U.B. was the 7 second drink special. Finish a beer in under 7 seconds and it's free! It can only be done at the bar but even if you're sitting in the dining room they will let you walk over to the bar and take a shot. Good times.
4	6/12/10 With my GFLunch:1. Fright United Kingdoms $14Came with 4 drinks, all biter beers. I didn't like it that much, but I was able to finish them all. 4 * type of beer I like (Blue moon)1. Fish & Chips $19My GF like the dish she was able to finish it in no time. Came with two sauces. 4 *1. 1/2 Sirloin $36Didn't like it that much. Didn't finish it either. It came disassemble so you have to assemble it yourself. However, I was told by our waitress that I have to assemble them myself. 3 1/2 *Total: $74.59Pro: It's a sport bar, my sanctuary. We were watching FIFA USA vs. England. Con: None
4	First things first, food/beer was phenomenal (pretzels w/ multiple mustard choices, chicken pot pie is out of control - ask for some tabasco to take it to the next level)One problem - I was not sure for half the night if it was a gay bar?? - the bartenders (all dudes with schmedium t-shirts and the same crew cut) -- this is Las Vegas, not the castro, get with it and hire a few knockouts to get behind that bar and do you proud
4	Vegas stop # 1 after we drove in from LA was to grab dinner here. Oh man, absolutely delicious! Started off with a cup of Franziskaner (for someone that doesn't super enjoy beer, it's great...really light, not bitter at all) and I tried something from the raw bar for the first time; a littleneck clam! Served on a plate of ice with cocktail sauce and malt vinegar with a line, it was so freaking good.The menu had a carvery section that seemed to be their specialty and was the only thing that wasn't too cliche sounding (or crazy sounding), so I ordered the half pound of pastrami. The meat was so thick and delicious. By far, the best sauce was the black truffle mayo!! The horseradish sauce was alright too.I want to say that the atmosphere kind of felt like the Yard House. Lights turned down really dim, TV screens all over the place, a bar in the center where people were milling around, slightly loud, but you could still talk to the people at your table without raising your voice.
2	Fish and Chips awesome!  Service was really bad! Really really bad.  Oh, and the hostess was rude, bitchy and one of those girl who thinks she's really hot, but in all actuality has a butter face (you know who you are!) I know I shouldn't expect much of Vegas, and I generally don't, but say hello in the first fifteen minutes of me being here and I will be fine.  Everything took forever, and the server was a vacant retard (not trying to offend anyone, but seriously, this dude was an idiot).  I don't know what it was, maybe I was pissed off because my family was irritating, but the only thing that is worth coming for is the fish and chips, if they didn't have these I might have burnt the place down...5 stars for the fish and chips-2 stars for the hostess-2 stars for the service+1 star because I don't like having too many 1 star reviews on my Yelp..I am not a hater, I just tell it like it is!Bottom line - 2 stars!
4	Walked in here fairly hung over on a Sunday morning after a night of Vegas. We were looking to get some delicious food before hitting the road back to LA and perhaps helping our hangovers. P.U.B. does seem like the Yard House or something similar - lots of beers, bar-type atmosphere, nice and lit up with patio seating if you wish. We sat inside and the first thing we noticed were the humorous placemats that have lots of intersting beer quotes on them. Our service was okay, one of the 2 things that knocked this down from 5 stars. The waitress took a LONG time to bring us our beers; my girlfriend ordered a 2nd beer during her meal that didn't arrive until she was completely done with it, thus negating the point of a beer. The waitress made no attempt to comp things like bringing out the other kind of tea because they didn't have the one we wanted, or bringing things out late. Although she did apologize. The food itself was amazing, and that's where all 4 stars come in and then some. We started with the mussel cocktail which comes out with delicious sauces and about 12 pieces for only 5 bucks. I ordered from the carvery - lamb, and went with the waitresses' recommendation of sauces - horseradish sour cream and pineapple sauce on pita. It was amazing, paired with sweet potato fries (ask for ranch to dip). My girlfriend got the burger which was really good, my brother went with the grichebachtom which was an interesting twist on a grilled cheese sandwitch that turned out very well. The beer selection was awesome, and so were the cocktails. I forget the name of my cocktail but it was gin, cucumber, st. germain, and a couple of other things. It really hit the spot, and the beers my party ordered did too, however some of them were extremely overpriced in my opinion. Another thing which was priced high was the raw bar with seafood options - 4.50$ per shrimp for a shrimp cocktail. The oysters were delicious but everything else was pretty damn expensive. Overall a great place to go for lunch; expect to drop around 20$ on the entree, 10-15$ a drink, at the least. Minus one star for high prices and not-so-great service. Four stars for an innovative menu with lots of interesting twists, modern options, and things to try.
4	Good place.  Prices seem just a little high at first, but once you see the size of the portions, all is understood.  Splitting things is definitely recommended.  Good manhattans, loved the dirty chips appetizer.  Sadly out of the lobster roll, so I went with a plain pastrami selection with rye bread that was really good.  Juicy flavorful pastrami without too much saltiness.  The other sammich selection was a grilled bologna that was quite tasty as well.  We definitely should have split one of the entrees though - those dirty chips fill you up!  And, service was very good - it was busy as poo due to the world cup and nickle PBR night, yet everyone from hostesses to waitstaff was friendly and attentive.
5	Enjoyed both meals I had here during recent visit to Vegas. Plenty of draught beer, PUB food with a twist, and awesome service! Highly recommend to those of you who love PUBs, but want something a bit more classy than your usual local dive. Of course you'll pay more...It's in Aria which is the newest hotel on the strip...But, if you can drain beers in 8 seconds then you get 'em for free!
3	Came here a few times during a recent trip to Vegas.  The drinks are alright.  The bar area, has a fun vibe.  If you can drink your beer in under 4 seconds, you get it for free!  A friend did that, and it was hilarious watching him.  Ate the fish & chips here and they were mighty tasty.  Overall, worth a visit for the fun ambience and good bar food.
4	As one of the ONLY semi-reasonable places to eat and drink in City Center, that alone should put it on your must-do list if you're staying there! Overall an awesome place to get your drink on with only a few nitpicky complaints from me !Service/Atmosphere: Awesome! We sat at the bar and were well taken care of all afternoon. My gripe here is there aren't enough TVs and they are too small. Unless you get a great seat expect to be squinting at the TV. The placement is also odd. The bar has TV's on the ends but none in the middle? Annoying if you're stuck in the middle seats. This was a fun place to watch World Cup - but only because we got good seats. Drinks: Prices were bad, as expected. Not like gouge you bad, but typical Vegas strip prices. $8-$10 average for a pint (at least they had fancy ass beers!), $10 for a glass of wine, $11 for a mixed drink. The free beer if you can chug it in 4 seconds game was a cool addition but didn't see anyone trying it ! Food: Some real gems! A raw bar and carvery and tons of fun sounding British pub type food ! SWEET! We tried 2 meats from the "carvery": Brisket and Duck. 1 # of each was $30ish/meat. Hardly cheap, but I'd say count on 1/2 # pp .. $15 each for a good meal isn't terrible. You get to pick 2 sauces per meat and 1 bread per meat. The standout sauce is the black truffle mayo.. OMG it's wonderful on ANYTHING. You've made a mistake if you don't choose it ! So the brisket was just OK, definitely not best BBQ in vegas material or anything. The duck was FANTASTIC. Only pet peeve here was they just shoved 1/2 a duck on our plate. So much for their "carvery". If I'm paying you $30 for half a duck can you cut it up for me damnit?! Other than having to carve our own duck at the bar, I absolutely adored that dish. Would get it again and again. Does duck go with black truffle mayo? Oh hell YES it does! This is the food stuff of low carb dreams :)Overall cool atmosphere, decent set up for watching games, fair drink prices and fab food menu. Service was great. Look forward to trying more goodies from the food menu in the future ! Every order I saw pass us by looked amazing.
1	What a disappointment,  I was really hoping for a great experience. Possibly the apathetic staff is to blame, however it was really sad.We sat at the bar, for a late Sunday lunch. Looking at the fun impressive beer menu. I wish I would have been told about the flights of beer, but no matter.Looking over the menu, the roasted meat selection and bread for sandwiches seemed to be a fun lunch, coupled with an order of skinny and fat fries, and we were off.Weirdly, chicken on the bone, that was covered in a sweet sauce came out with two pieces of bread, and two very mediocre sauces (BBQ and Miso Soy). My husband had the brisket on a hoagie roll, which was fine, not anything great but decent. Our french fries didn't come out, and when we told the bartender she acted as if she didn't know why they weren't out, instead of just saying she forgot to order them. (which was evident later on our bill)After 15 minutes, my cold skinny fries and husbands fat fries came out hot. Surprisingly at the end of the whole ordeal, we were presented with a check for 44 dollars, without the french fries on the ticket. Ok, fine, I guess the whole thing was just a mediocre lunch, and maybe try again another time.Surprisingly after we flagged the bartender down to let us pay, we were given our credit card receipt back WITH the fries added after! AMAZING! It is just another example of a restaurant with no love in the food, a staff who doesn't really care about what they are doing, food that isn't spectacular and its a shame!I wish I was reporting better news, and I hope that locals and tourists start demanding more from these hotels than just celebrity chefs with restaurants that are sub par.
4	Came here for drinks and to check out the civic center. I had a wonderful time here. Our waitress was adorable and really nice. Their drink menu had so many options and around 50 beers on tap. Even some local craft beers. You could get beers in pints, yards and pitchers. Also in flights of four! I had the Tenaya Creek Pilsner, a local Vegas brewery. Interesting flavors, very earthy and well balanced. Their menu also looked great, but we were so full from another restaurant. They also give free pints if you can finish them in 7 seconds. Pretty entertaining. Thought their cocktails were great, which included a 24 ounce Pabst and a shot of Jack Daniels. Pretty great. Will be back again.
2	We went here for a casual dinner and to watch Dodger game on Sunday. We sat at the bar and even though you could order food there, the bartendress behaved as if she were going out of way to even bring us drinks much less food. She said "hello" and "goodbye" the whole time we were there (about 1.5 hours) and that was it. We purposely went early to avoid the rush so a crowded bar was not an issue. Ordered one dish & drinks and left because of the very poor service. With all the choices along the strip, the attitude will not help keep customers coming back, at least not this one. Good luck Mr. English...
4	Service was great and so was the food.  I now want to open my own "sliders" restaurant after enjoying the chicken parm sliders.  Great selection of beers and several options for tasting flights.  Their deserts looked amazing but we didn't save room.  Overall, great experience and one of the most reasonably priced meals we ate while in LV.
5	That place is so much fun!!! Their beer selection is better then any pub in Las Vegas and they have cask beer! The carvery meats are so good and you have to try their brisket. The service is great ! We had such a great time and definitely coming back  for that bread pudding. Looks like those guys know what they are doing for sure!
2	I've been to Todd English's restaurants in both Boston and Las Vegas and this place doesn't measure up at all.  The atmosphere was pretty cool but the food was very disappointing.  I had the Bison burger and I'd much rather have an In-N-Out burger.  The meat was bland and the bun wasn't fresh.  My wife had the lobster roll and it was very salty.  No need to dress up lobster if the quality is good.  I'd probably won't be going back.  Way too many better options in Vegas for a $30 per person lunch.
4	THE GOOD:I really like the menu here. Lots of interesting twists on classics. One of my favorites was the pastrami sliders. They were super tasty with nice lean meat and soft bun and it comes with a healthy size of fries... all for only $13. The service could not have been better! Our waiter was super informative, attentive and friendly. The vibe inside is energetic without being overly loud or gimicky. The abundance of booths is a big plus also. The beer selection is outstanding.THE BAD: While I understand the prices in Vegas (and places like this) are a bit high... I found the food prices to be a real value, BUT the beer prices are too high. $8-9 for a pint is a bit too much. If the prices were in the $6-7 range, we would have ordered a second round. Also, the fish & chips was just OK...BOTTOM LINE:In an area of the Vegas Strip (CityCenter) that has uber-high priced everything, you can escape all that at P.U.B. You'll be treated to every interesting and delicious food along with a pint of beer for a decent price.
4	What a cool place!  The vibe really nice, the barstaff is super friendly. This pub has a lot of different things on the menu that all seemed really good. Our bartender recomended the roast beef sliders which were really yummy.... and they have quite a draft beer selection.   Being a local, this is definetly going to be a place where we'll come often to hang out !
4	I'm always suspect about branding around celebrities and food. That goes for ingredients, to cookware, to restaurants. If the name wasn't there, would it be just as good? Well, the Todd English P.U.B. (even the name irks me. Would it be so bad to just say "pub"?) seems to stand up as a respectable establishment hype aside.The service was noticeable immediately when we entered as personable and helpful. We got seats on a Saturday night with very little wait. The place is spacious and bustling. Restaurants in Vegas don't have the selection of beer I come to expect in my home town, but here, the selection is respectable. Lots of things on tap, both imports (Belgian, German, English, etc.) and American microbrews (and they even have a cask ale, which is hard to find) . Here's a summary of what we tried: Raw oysters - fresh and delicious, just like in California.Dirty Chips - GET THIS! Unsure what sick mind came up with it, but it was delicious as an appetizer.Duck Confit from the carvery - Delicious. The maple soy sounded a bit suspect, but the savory/sweetness worked well with the duck. Use sparingly though, it's a bit concentrated. All you need is a dab. The other sauce that we ordered was the black truffle mayo. As other reviewers rave, it is awesome. Try dipping fries in it!Sheperds Pie - meat and potatoes in a cast iron dish, how can you go wrong? Delicious.The portions are plenty large, so bring an appetite. The prices are what you'd expect from a restaurant on the strip, but relatively speaking, it was worth the price. (tip: the drinks are what seem to be over-priced; don't come here to get liquored up for cheap) Will definitely go back when I'm visiting again.
2	The food was good for bar food, subpar for a gastropub and not what I really expected from Todd English.  Hard to say if its overpriced or not, given the mindwarp that is Vegas, but none of the dishes were outstanding.  I've eaten at Olives (one of Todd's other concepts) and was blown away and expected a similar effort here, that just missed the mark.The concept itself is a little confusing, gastropub crossed with frat house sounds like it would be right up my alley.  But upon further reflection, I like to keep my meals and beer pong/"7 second beer chug and its free" competitions seperate.  Not a bad place for a quick and easy meal, but didn't live up to the Todd English expectations that I had.
5	I heard of Todd English when he was on Top Chef. I never tried out his famous Olives joint, mainly because it is rather expensive, but then Todd does us all working folk a favor by opening up this relatively inexpensive place located in Crystals at City Center. The dude basically takes traditional english pub food and jazzes it up. I ordered the beef brisket carved sandwich and fries..and i was surprised by how tender the beef was. You make your own sandwich..the meat was on the side with the bread and some pickled veggies. The star was the dipping sauce..if you eat here you MUST order the black truffle mayo. To die many times for. I would venture forth into red neck country, steal a hillbilly's truck and false teeth if it means I can eat this stuff again. Oh yeah, as expected they have a very impressive list of beers to give you alcoholics a joy-gasm. Sandwiches are between 12 and 20 bucks for a half order, if you want more meat, that is more money.
3	After hearing about their 7-second challenge, I had to try this place. For the unfamiliar: Pick any pint of beer under $12, drink it in under 7 seconds and it's free. They even have hourglass timers bolted right into the bar.The challenge isn't very difficult. I promptly downed two Guinness in 14 seconds and then ordered a Tenaya Creek Nutty Brown Ale and chicken wings.Atmosphere is laid back, food is decent, and there is a good selection of beer. This place would be awesome with a live band and a dance floor.
3	nickel beer tuesdays from 9 - 11pmgo figure the type of crowd todd english attracts during these 2 hours (egh), but i can't complain for 5cents a pop. would love to come back for a meal sometime and re-rate. a-ok, so far todd english..
3	Walked around ARIA and chose this place to eat at. Wanted to try Wolfgang but it was closed. Guess they don't do lunch!Anywho, started off with the Flight of fruity beers. YUM~ apple, raspberry, peach, and apricot I believe. For entrees we had the Workmans Grilled Cheese and the Double Cheeseburger. I didn't try the Burger but it was inhaled. The fries that come with it are steak fries. They were kind of mushy. The Grilled Cheese was yummy. It was salty and very rich as I only ate half but it was still good. The skinny fries that came with it were delish and crispy.Service SUCKED! SO SLOW. Server was in his own dreamy land. Basically we were eying him the whole time for service and was not efficient at all. Overall, a pretty good food and beer experience. Service was the a major downfall.3 stars.
2	i  went  to the Todd English P.U.B thinking it would be great and it started  that  way and  then the food came i had a grilled cheese with brie and bacon it was kida good  my brother had a chili dog it was not so good and  my mom got  the lobster rolls  they were also  disappointing and so were the desserts but the atmosphere was great and the service was good but i don't think i will be eating here  again.
5	*dead* Co-workers and I came here for a lunch meeting and it was even better this time around because a co-worker knew the manager there and one of the chefs so, we got to samps alot of items.Their nachos were to-die-for. Literally. There were fried chicken livers with ranch sauce on that sucker. If that doesn't scream delicious then, just stop reading! It's a heart attack waiting to happen but, whatevs....we only live once, right =)The fish and chips were ridiculously huge. When they said fish, you got FISH and maybe, the ocean it swam in. Samps'd their dessert platter and wow.......humungoid peanut butter/chocolate cup, red velvet cupcakes, toffee, etc etc etc -- SO NOT PUB FOOD -- SO DELICIOUSI swear, this place hasn't disappointed me yet. YAYYYYYY for a place on the strip with reasonably priced food and drinks =)=)=)
4	Great atmosphere and beer selection.  I ordered the sausage and pepper sliders which were outstanding.   My buddy ordered lobster rolls which were also good.  Only complaint was portions were a little small.  Great place for lunch, late night snack and beer.
4	Your first impressions when you walk into Todd English's P.U.B. in the new City Center are that your walking into a high class brothel.  There are three hostesses, all gorgeous and perfect 10s.  One is white.  One is black.  One is Asian.  They're wearing tight tops and very thin mini skirts.  "Hoochie mama!"  Why?  I don't know.  My only guess is that it's Vegas baby.Don't let this deter you from going a few more paces inside.  I know this is not your usual pub scene.  Hell, maybe it is.  It's definitely not my usual pub scene, but to tell you the truth, I kind of liked it.  In fact, after the entire meal was done and I walked out of the place, I wish every pub was like this one.It's another Vegas celebrity chef monstrosity but without the stuffiness.  Use your cloth napkin and put it back on the table.  Who cares?  No one's going to frown upon you for bad etiquette.  It's a pub for crying out loud.  Beyond the three gatekeepers there is a gumball machine filled with ping-pong balls used for beer pong.  Personally, I'd love to see beer pong played in a place like this.  I know it's casual, but I don't think it's that casual.The beer selection is wonderful and delicious.  I tasted one of their cask selections and an Anchor Steam.  Then I had their chili and fish and chips.  For dessert, a strawberry shake.  Is there something that I could say that was wrong with the food?  No.  Maybe ask for some more bread with the cauldron of chili.  The waiter was definitely not lingering over us to leave within 30 minutes.  I feel the staff is trained for patrons to graze and relish over pub food done well.  It is on the pricier side for this kind of fair, but you have to think to yourself, "It is Vegas and there is no pub anywhere else that features three perfect 10 women when you walk in."The only bitch I have with the P.U.B are the restrooms.  The good news: there are toilets actually inside the restaurant so you don't have to go outside and meander through a smoke-filled casino.  The bad news: there's a guy waiting for you to exit the stall to put soap in your hand and give you a paper towel.  What a crock of shit.  I know how to get soap and paper towels for myself buddy.  Don't patronize me with that bullshit.  It was one o' clock when I ate here.  There does not need to be a bathroom attendant waiting for me to be done with my business in the very early afternoon.  The excitement really went limp after I experienced that one.Overall, the food cheers you up in a heartbeat and so do the Charlie's Angels in the front.
4	What a great place!! Very relaxed and cool vibe in the City Center. Get the pigs in a blanket, they were awesome!
3	The Skinny: food is okay with the tendency towards overseasoning (3.5), service - was okay, refills were quite prompt (3.5), value - overpriced for what it is (2)Headed here for their gourmet version of pub food. We ordered fish and chips and the chicken pot pie.The fish and chips (around $20) weren't anything special. The fish, albeit the quality of the fish is very good, suffered from an overly heavy, crispy batter and too much salt. I'm not sure why there was battered and fried parsley on the plate either. Like eating fish and chips isn't bad enough as it is.The chips weren't as crisp as they ought to be. The cole slaw had a combination of peas and cabbage - in the end, it had too much mayo, not enough acidity. The accompanying tartar had too much relish added to it. The malt vinegar aioli was unpleasant as well. Sour mayonaise? I'd like to stick to malt vinegar, thank you very much.The chicken pot pie fared (around $20) better but still had some issues. Albeit the puff pastry on top was nice, there wasn't enough chicken and veggies underneath. The sauce was a little too thin and rendered the bottom part of the pastry to be too soggy.  Overall, had better chicken pot pie for less.My overall experience was okay and the food wasn't bad... it just wasn't great. Despite the issues, the food alone would have been a 3.5. However, given the absurd prices given the quality, I would probably give it a 3 overall.
5	I don't understand what people expect from a gastropub... you cannot compare this to a steakhouse or fine dinning experience. As far as gastropubs go... P.U.B. is amazing!!! I ordered the dirty chips ( whatever they are called that are similar to nachos) and they were excellent. For main course I had the carvery, lamb sandwich with pita bread and truffle mayo. This is probably one of the best sandwiches I have ever had ! Truffle mayo was amazing, lamb was perfectly cooked and large portion, and the pita bread was soft and warm. I will be going back everytime I go to Vegas, maybe more than once.
1	food was less than mediocre. service was good and we were comped on the brie sandwich that two in our party had that was no good, but only one person in a party of six said anything good about their meal. seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
3	I came here after my friend kept telling me how great everything is. I figured I would order the same entree my friend had previously enjoyed. I ordered the prime rib beef chili to start, which was really good. I also ordered a strawberry milkshake, which seemed to be made of soft-serve ice cream. The milk shake was average for $7. Entree, I got  "The New Amsterdam" which even the waitress had recommended. The meat was overcooked and tasted bland. The best part of the burger was the pastrami. Below average burger for $18. It came with fries, which were also below average.My friend had ordered a pastrami sandwich, which I took a bite out of. As I had mentioned before their pastrami is really good, but the bread wasn't too good.Overall, if you are in Vegas there are so many excellent locations to eat at and there is no reason to waste your time or money in an average restaurant. I would never go again.
2	What a disappointment. I have a hard time awarding PUB even two stars, the food was that bad. We came in about 5 minutes to 11 and were told that we could only order off of the late night menu that starts at 11. Okay.. Wait, let me back up. My husband and I wanted to sit outside. We asked a server in the area if it was ok if we sat ourselves thinking he could just send a hostess out with menus - he gave us a shitty look and told us no way. Jerk. So back to the food - we tried the roast beef sliders, chicken wings and chips. The first order of sliders we received came out COLD. Nothing like biting into cold beef, bun and Whiz sauce to make your stomach turn. My hubs had the wings which were kind of mushy, and very mediocre. By far the best dish was the chips which we ordered with curry sauce even though it wasn't offered as an option on the menu. This is something that I would recommend, although I have a hard time with any pub that doesn't regularly offer chips and curry - even a gastropub should get that one right. And no HP sauce. I mean, seriously???!The beer selection was pretty poor for a pub as well. When I think pub, I think selection and variety is key. And by variety, I don't mean Stella and PBR. The only reason why I will award PUB that second star is because our server was very sweet and quickly replaced my cold sliders, requested our special curry sauce, and generally tried to take care of us despite the lackluster food and beverage offerings. Pass on PUB.
4	Definitely pub-like, in a cavernous sort of way. Good Strongbow on tap is a plus. Ordered the Confit Duck Legs on Whole Wheat with Black Truffle Mayo and Todd English BBQ sauce. Also had the New England Fish & Chips. Although definitely not "pub" prices, very delicious and somewhat worth it. Lots of interesting foods on the menu to try. Very good food and fun place to hang out.
4	The only reason we tried this place was to see if their Fish n Chips were English Pub worthy. Good news, they were actually one of the best we've had, if you don't agree, you don't like Fish n Chips, stop posing. More good news for me, Lindemann's Framboise on tap... yum.($14) Bad news, seafood cold bar (not so cold).... room temperature oysters definitely not good. $40 1/2 lb. of Alaskan King Crab legs (3 pcs) just so-so, actually had to ask for melted butter. Service OK, not great, not absolutely terrible unless you consider the fact that there are about 20 servers working there, most, especially these 2 guys who were just wandering around aimlessly, talking, hoping not to get caught by the "manager". Someone isn't watching their bottom line... Bad news, here comes the bill... well to be honest we were staying at Aria and it is literally next door, so it was by far the cheapest meal we had during our stay. If you like Fish n Chips, and loads of beer, it's worth a try. BTW, don't order the "yards" of beer, you just look plain stupid trying to drink out of it ......awkward.
1	The only reason I am even bothering to review this place is because it's the only place in Las Vegas where I received terrible service.   After having a beer there our first day while waiting for our room the waitress barely would even make eye contact with us to take our order.  We ordered fries and they came out cold.  There were peanut shells all over the floor. We went back there one night after seeing a show, place was not busy, 3 bartenders RIGHT THERE, we are sitting AT THE BAR, and 7 miin later no one asked what we wanted.  We left.   There were so many better bartenders in Vegas.  Actually, every one f them was great except for this place.
2	Really good food.Really bad service.I saw a review for this place with photos of delicious looking food and had to try it out. The atmosphere was great - casual, clean and was comfortable enough that I didn't feel like I had to shout across the table to carry on a conversation.Once we got our order (it came out wrong....twice), everything was delicious. Our server on the other hand was totally rude. She stormed off when we pointed out the order was wrong and left the manager to serve our food.  It took them forever to check in on us to see if we needed anything. A steady flow of drinks would have helped during this experience. Honestly, I was ready to leave at the beginning of the meal, but it was getting late and we were starving. At least the food was great.I wish I would have checked reviews on Yelp first, like I usually do. Until their reviews on service start getting better - I would wait to try this place out.
4	Dined here last Sunday evening and happy to say we had a great experience.  Fish and Chips-yumm.  Not the best I have ever had but delicious.  The coleslaw with peas was great.Pastrami sliders-delicious.  Mini Corn Dogs-  Good but would be improved with some type of fun dipping sauce.Shrimp-Ordered by the piece.  Very large and delicious.Drinks-  Half yard of an interesting IPA-Speak Easy Big Daddy IPA.  Great!Atmosphere/Decor-Love all of the TVs and well lit room/bar.  Also love that the windows open up into the entry of Aria.  Lively and fun atmosphere.The only downer was the service.  A few different things..1.  They brought the wrong entree for me, but to my delight, I had my correct order within two minutes.  2.  They brought our popcorn (complimentary) after our appetizers.  Would have been nice to have as we were looking over the menu.  3.  Our server was pretty indifferent initially.  After I started asking him questions about the restaurant, Aria, and surrounding properties, he opened up and was better.I am eager to return!  This is a nice addition to the Strip!
3	Let me star by saying we had a wounderful table on the patio. A bit hard to find though. Everything I read says its inside the city center mall. Look for it  right next to the Aria valet you will see it.They have a great beer selection and the pastrami on the carvery menu was great as was the truffle mayo for the meal. The wedge salad was great too. Some of the downs, the shepards pie had way to much of a tomato base. It was very dissapointing.Then the worst part, 4 beers, 2 meals, and split a salad, $100.00 before tip. I feel that is a bit steep.What do all of you out there think?
3	Bathroom attendant?  Oh God.  And the worst kind - the ones that immediately offer you soap and paper towels as you try to do the usual handwashing process.  No, you don't care how my day was, and I don't care how your day was.  I just want to use the damn bathroom after my meal without having to deal with some unisex bathroom attendant.Beer prices were among the highest on the strip but the selection was good in quality for how many they had.  Even though other places had more taps (like the pub at Monte Carlo), this place seemed to have a more diverse selection of styles & regions.Very clean, pleasant atmosphere.  Service was pleasant.  Nice shopping area too.But please lose the bathroom attendant.
3	lunch here was tasty. the bangers & mash were a little different than others i've had, with a mustard-y sort of sauce, and the portion was quite generous.i also had a super tasty strawberry ale, the first beer i have ever truly enjoyed; they have a very big selection to choose from, so i guess i was bound to find something i liked!
4	We came for lunch, a bit hung over I must confess, and sat in the small patio area.   I had the iced tea which was a delicious ginger peach and always refilled before I need to even ask.    Rather than bread you get some fabulous seasoned popcorn to snack on - it was delicious.   My friend and I started by splitting a salad and our waitress was kind enough to have it brought out already split & beautifully presented on 2 different plates.   I had the french dip salad and it was yummy -- actually came with a ton of meat so I ended up eating half and then just eating the meat (sans bread) for the second half.    Good food, nice atmosphere.   Will definitely return on future trips to Vegas.
4	Staying at the "Death Ray" (Vdara), and wanted someplace for lunch.  The City Center "complex" has turned (apparently) into a home away from home for us -- last time we were at the Mandarin Oriental, and "Crystals" is the adjoining shopping center/mall where Todd English's P.U.B. is located.  My wife and I checked out the menu prior to leaving Berkeley, and knew this would be a great spot for lunch . . . Todd English is like the under-the-radar Bobby Flay.  Aside from the Home Shopping Network (or is it QVC?), you really don't see him on television much, but between Olive's, Figs, and who knows what else, he's everywhere!  But this is his first and, to date, only PUB (or Public Urban Bar).  Countless beers on tap -- I think over 60 -- including some cask conditioned ales (yes!), the food is close to perfect, and the portions are HUGE!  Lynn and I made the delicious mistake of ordering too much food, and thank heavens reinforcements arrived to help us finish!We had something called "Dirty Chips" -- America's answer to nachos, this is sinfully good and truly dangerous!  Kettle chips tossed in bleu cheese, bits of amazingly delicious bacon, scallions, and served with fried chicken livers . . . just add beer and a football game and you're in heaven (albeit on a rapid descent to hell, if your doctor ever finds out!).  Seriously delicious, but don't order this unless you can share it with at least three other people!  (And if you try it on your own, make sure to have one of those defibrillators they have in airports at the ready!)The iceberg wedge with bleu cheese and a bacon vinaigrette, avocado, tomato, and chopped egg is a classic, and served ice cold; the duck buns (three to an order) with shredded duck, hoisin and scallions were better than they had a right to be (delicious, though better at a true dim sum palace, to be honest).  And then, we moved onto the mains . . . Lynn had the pastrami sliders -- three excellent little sandwiches on rye parker house rolls, with kraut, swiss cheese and served with skinny fries . . . OK, I had one of the three.I opted for the brown butter lobster rolls -- three rolls filled with freshly shucked lobster, warm brown butter aioli, served with slaw and kettle chips -- as if we hadn't had enough of those already!All this paired beautifully with pints of Chimay white (in the proper glasses, BTW) -- a very filling, but very delicious lunch.  In fact, it's almost noon as I write this . . . maybe I'll have lunch there today, too.Two more notes:1) "Good for kids," as always, will depend more upon the kids than the restaurant.  2) As for the bathroom attendant . . . yeah, that has to stop.
5	I've been here twice and my friends and I love it. Please try the dirty nachos which are potatoe chips with a light creamy sauce, tomatoes, bacon, green onions and fried chicken livers! It was freakin awesome, who ever though chicken livers could taste so good? They also have good but expensive drinks. No surprise there, you are on the strip. We will keep coming back here when in Vegas and need a snack or lunch. Also get the brown bag special if you're a little white trash. It's a big can of PBR in a paper bag and a shot of Jameson. LOL, now that's trashy.
2	I have to agree with Anastasia H. on this one...This place is expensive and forgettable.We went here for lunch. My hubby had some raw clams, and I had some shrimp cocktail for an app. I can't speak to his clams, but the shrimp were ok... He ordered the roast beef sliders and I had the BLT sliders. His sliders were awesome, and I would recommend those in a heart beat. My BLT sliders, on the other hand, were so sad and disappointing. It was half a slice of super thin bacon between a huge dinner roll with a tiny sliver of a tomato and a whole lotta lettuce! My hubby had A beer and I had A cocktail and our tab was almost $100 without tip. Definitely not worth the price...Oh, and the bathroom situation is VERY strange. You walk in to a community wash room with an attendant! So not only do you wash your hands uncomfortably with the opposite sex, but then you feel pressured to pay for it!
3	Come here everytime we're in Vegas! Food is GREAT and the drinks are strong! However, service tends to be hit or miss with it mostly being the latter. Lost a star on that issue. =(
4	Went to the P.U.B. for lunch and the food is great! It is a little expensive ($15 for a foot-long kobe hot dog), but so~o worth it. Even the presentation is cute. As people have mentioned, the service is hit-or-miss, but I did notice the manager hovering around making sure guests were being taken cared of. There is bar seating where you get little pails of peanuts - shells go on the floor vs. the little pail of warm popcorn the tables get. There is a large selection of beers and ciders - a few imported (ie. strongbow) and it is even possible to get a flight of samples. Next time I'm in town I'm definitely stopping here before my walk through City Center.
3	I thought this place was so good the first time I went so I went back the day after. And the second day I was not very happy. They brought out my fish and chips (which by the way were amazing the first day) burnt, and then when i sent them back they brought me out another order of burnt fish and chips.... It was my birthday lunch too. So i was not very pleased. They wait staff both days were inattentive and not very knowledgeable. They were nice though.Oysters are good and the fish and chips is good (when its not burnt). Deff a cool pub though, with lots of choices of food to choose from. I would recommend giving it a try.
4	I was expecting bar food but found myself pleasantly surprised. My bf enjoyed the Tuesday 5-cent night. While we both enjoyed their popular appetizers like lobster poppie, which was fresh lobster baked ontop flaky pastry dressed Ina Spicey chipotle sauce. I tried some of the chile and it was delish. And the buttery smooth mac & cheese with garlic flavor was one of the best m & c I've had. Also instead of bread given before meals, lil buckets of popcorn made from a classic popcorn popper was fresh and tasty.
2	We were looking for good ole pub food and excited when we saw Todd English P.U.B.  This place is great for beers but food - the quality does not justify the price.Dirty Chicken : way too saltyLobster Roll: you would imagine that it would be a freshly baked roll.The only good dish was the Shepherd's Pie.However, not enough for me to want to go back.  In fact, we didn't finish most of the dishes.
3	Central meeting spot between Vdara and Aria where our groups were staying. This gastropub sets out spicy popcorn on the tables instead of bread and is pretty open. Nice for our big group of 15.  A little pricey, (but it is Vegas) and I felt that my menu options were a bit limited in the way of veggie friendly/pescatarian options.My order: Veggie Portatbello Mushroom "burger" on a roll served with bucket of pickled veggiesThe portabello mushrooms must have been chopped up and mixed into the spinach as I really didn't see or barely taste them in my sandwich. Perhaps they were buried under the grilled bell peppers and melted cheese but I had to dig deep to find them. The side of pickled veggies was an interesting addition, but I think I would have preferred them unpickled or maybe just a side salad. Their Grow A Pear specialty cocktail was tasty and sweetly refreshing- Grey Goose La Poire Vodka, splash of sour mix, topped with rieslingMade out for $35- 3 stars for decent food, drinks, and good atmosphere, just was not super impressed but then again its Vegas and anything AMAZING I would expect to pay much more.
5	I'm surprised at the other reviews because my friends and I loved this place! We came 3 times during our 3 night/ 4 day stay at the Aria. We loved it because its a casual restaurant that makes pub food taste and look gourmet. Considering it is Vegas, the price is a lot more reasonably priced than many other establishments in the area, unless you go to Fat Burger or Denny's. I ordered the sliders with skinny fries. The burgers were cooked perfect, just the way i like it. The fries were addicting, especially dipped with Todd English ketchup. Lets talk about the dessert.....BREAD PUDDING. OMG, so good, its dangerous. Our waiter recommended it and im glad he did! The other times there, I have tasted the West Coast burger, dirty chips and their wings, all amazing. The mac and cheese howeverm deserves its own recognition. Simply delicious, cheesy and sinful. The small side dish is enough considering how decadent it is.
2	Nine Irish Men in New  York,  NY is much better. Todds is a bit gimmicky and the food is not good.  My wife and i ordered roast beef sliders. the bread was old and stale. the roast beef was average and the mystery cheese sauce was just that; a mystery.  don't go here, go to Nine Irish men instead.
4	If it wasn't for Mr. P we would have never come across this nice little pub. You start off with popcorn drizzled with salt and paprika this is free for all.  Followed by homemade different pickles paired with an assortment of mustards. I love pickles! My expectations were not to high, but oh man when those lobster rolls came out I was in heaven. They were so toasty and tons of butter with huge fresh chunks of lobster. Btw... this was my first lobster roll. I have been watching the food network and seeing all these lobster rolls places but they are all in the east coast. FINALLY, I found a lobster roll right here in Las Vegas at Todd English PUB and it was delicious. To go along with these awesome little rolls I had a wheat beer named T.O.D.D. the lemon and crispy light wheat flavors went great with the lobster. The chicken pot pie was pretty tasty too. Huge chunks of chicken with a light fluffy, crispy crust. It had a "real" intense chicken flavor. Great beer selection, great true pub food even if little pricey but I thought it was worth it. Very enjoyable. :)
3	This place is in the newish CityCenter complex. My father was born in Wales and it was the first time he'd been to Vegas in years, so we decided to stop by here late one Saturday evening for appetizers and drinks. The beer selection is satisfactory. No complaints there. The Tenaya brews are actually local, and it's good to see a big Vegas hotel restaurant supporting a local brewery. My nutty brown had a full flavor, not too bitter but not tasteless. Thumbs up.The Welsh Rarebit was not good. It didn't sound the most appetizing (it's basically an open-faced grilled cheese) but again, since my dad is from Wales, we decided to go with it. We got what we expected. I think they have it on the menu because it's British. I doubt anyone actually orders it. I wouldn't recommend it. Thumbs down.The Kelley's Sliders were decent enough. They used juicy prime rib. If we would have stuck with another order or two of these, the experience would have been 4 stars. Thumbs up.Lobster Poppie was thoroughly confusing. Splitting it 4 ways is NOT the best way to go about this. Now I didn't get the full scoop on its history, but it was basically like a little pot pie with 2 pieces of lobster, way too much bread and some random filling (with corn?). Might have been good if it was only for me, but again we chopped it up and shared. As with most things lobster, there was not enough lobster. Definitely overpriced. Thumbs down.Shrimp cocktail was disappointing... mostly because at $4.50 a shrimp you'd expect it to be the best in the world. Thumbs down. Service was great... our waitress was polite, well informed and even took back a mixed drink that was ordered because my beautiful date didn't like it. Thumbs up. Atmosphere is what you'd expect from a Vegas "PUB". Trendy. Stylish. Mostly comfortable. They allowed us to be seated right away in the barstool section, near the bar. Thumbs up. Overall it was OK... maybe a bit overpriced but if you're going for good beer then I'd recommend it.
3	Popcorn and beer to start, please.  We had dinner here before heading out to see Peepshow.  Great choice, ladies!  I love the space and the feel of this place (Ooooooo that rhymed).  It had the vibe of a vintage contemporary pub with the sounds of eager sports fans gathering for a bite before the big game.  Um, there really wasn't a big game happening it just felt like that.I had The Amsterdam burger which was okay.  The pastrami was not piled on and not really that special.  The fatty fries were okay, but I did enjoy the sweet potatoe fries instead.  i think my favorite was the Chocolate Dipped Strawberry cocktail which was a mix of 2 different beers - excellent.  I don't know much beyond the usual Bud Light's and Taj Mahal's, but this was worth it.  Not sure if my burger was worth $18 though.  That's all right.  it's all about spending time with good friends and okay food (wait is that even right?).I'm one to give places another go just because there's so much on the menu that one dish would knock me off my feet.  I would hope.
3	This is located right next to Aria and appears as if they are attached, but you have to enter from the outside.  If you're staying at the Aria, you can bill your food to your room, though.  Food is decent though a bit pricey.  We got the chili as an appetizer - it reminded me of a Sloppy Joe bc it was pretty sweet.  I liked it, though.  The lobster rolls didn't have a whole lot of lobster in them.  The hamburger, which I did not try, was supposedly very good.  I got the chicken pot pie, which I didn't like very much.  I felt like it was mostly crust with not a lot of chicken.  I did get a Strawberry Ale, which didn't taste like alcohol at all!  It was like a mild bubbly Strawberry juice - liked it a lot.  We also got free popcorn upon being seated at our table.  Service was spotty as our server was difficult to flag down at times.  Overall, not a memorable place to eat and pricey (but our meal was comped, so I guess I can't complain)!
4	First off - the Aria/CityCenter/Crystals complex is beautiful.Everything here was great - from the cold Honey Brown Lager to the BLT Sliders and Brown Butter Lobster Rolls.This was a great lunch and I would not hesitate to go back anytime.
3	I was starving while we were walking around City Center at 11:00 am.  Most places weren't open yet, but this was so we stopped - just for a snack, not for lunch or dinner.  We sat at the bar and were greeted by the bartender right away. We ordered the sliders with fries.  These fries are the most amazing fries I have ever tried.  I don't know what they do, but they were sooooo good.  The slider was good and well cooked, but didn't have anything crazy about them.  It is a cool place and a good vibe - a good place to watch football.  I would probably go back and try some other stuff next time.
3	I want to like this place more - and maybe I will as I try more of the menu.  I love the the actual space and atmosphere.  And the beer list is quite good.The service is sometimes great and sometimes poor.  Its varied pretty wildly.I have yet to be blown away by any of the food.  None of it has been bad - in fact, it has all been good.  But none of it has been great.  None of it has been crave-worthy.  None of it has been "I have to have that again".
4	This place rocks!Here's the short list after eight separate visits with multiple guest and trying almost the entire menu:1.  For starters - the clams or P.E.I's. Perfectly cooked with a bit of spice.2.  The pot pie and Shepard's pie are incredible.3.  Carvery is the winner.  Brisket is top choice.  Salmon is perfect choice for the fish lover.  Perfect crispy skin and moist in the middle.4.  Beer - make it the TUB.  Locally brewed in LV.  Very well balanced with the food at the PUB.All around fun and cool place to enjoy lunch.  Try the beer challenge and enjoy tossing the peanut shells on the ground at the bar while you wait for your food.Must try!
2	Ah, Todd English P.U.B., how you have failed me.  When this place first opened it was awesome!  The decor is nice and they have little hourglasses attached to the bar, which is part of their free beer promotion.  If you can drink a pint of beer in 7 seconds or less, it's free.  Now, let me be clear.  I do not have that skill with any sort of liquid.  But some of my friends do so it was fun to go with them and watch.  The promotion used to be unlimited.  But, as these things go, the rumor from the staff is that someone ruined it by chugging 11 Guinesses in a short amount of time, bringing up questions of potential alcohol poisoning and lawsuits.  So they limited to 8 beers.  Fine.  That's reasonable.But then they limited to 4 beers for no apparent reason. Now the promotion, which part of their logo and permanent decor, is limited to 2 beers.  Their other promotion, 5 cent PBR night, has also gotten lame.  At first, when they started it in April, it was so laid back.  We'd sit at the bar and order the 5 cent PBRs (served in 8 oz plastic cups) during the requisite hours (Tues after 9pm).  Now, even if you spend $50+ at the bar beforehand, they make you get up and go outside to get a wristband.  I get that the promotion has become popular but, cmon.  If we've been sitting at the bar already, you hopefully know we are of age.  Just give us the damn wristband instead of making us go out in the cold to get it!Oh, here's an interesting incident.  During 5 cent PBR night, the staff made a group a girls get up and give up their seats at the bar to a guy who wanted to order food.  The guy was extremely uncomfortable with this but the staff was insistent... they wanted the sale.  The guy made up for it by being nice to the girls, buying them drinks (besides 5 cent PBR) etc.  But WTF?Finally, the food has gone way downhill.  The dirty chips used to be extremely craveable.  Last time I got them, the portion size was smaller and they were nasty and soggy.  The staff here has been really good to me.  They'd make recommendations and let me try drinks beforehand that they thought were questionable.  I even got some free refills on cocktails and beer.  It was a fun place to go and chat with the nice bartenders.  I like the staff and really want to like this place, but I think management has cut corners for some reason and screwed it all up.  Alas.
4	Bottom line - Pretty Darn Good.Went with my 20 yo daughter so wasn't in a beer drinking mood, though if you were, the selection is phenomonal! Had the shepard's pie and it was the best I have ever had in this country or otherwise! Nice and hot and very well seasoned!  Service was great and very attentive/ proactive.  Place was crowded but we only waited 5 minutes. Front desk crew could use a bit of an attitude adjustment (the only reason they didn't get 5 stars). We will for sure be back.
4	I was trying to go to as many new restaurants and bars as I could during my 5 day stay in Vegas.  This was one of the best.  I loved the atmosphere as soon as I walked in. Being by myself, I chose to sit at the bar.  For a pub it had a very classy feel to it but not classy enough that discarding your peanut shells onto the floor is frowned upon.  Also each bar position has a fancy 7 second hour glass attached to the bar. If you can finish your beer in 7 seconds, it is free.  The problem with this is they have a very sophisticated selection of beers and it would be a shame to drink one that fast and not enjoy it.  Two things caught my attention. The Raw Bar and the Carving Station.  Im not a huge raw fish fan but I had a couple of oyster shooters to start off. The selection of raw fish was very good and fresh if you are into that.  The carving station had a great selection of meats from chicken, prime rib and duck.  The menu was fun and also had beer samplers specific to the stye like a Pilsner or Heifewiezen.
3	OH. MY. FREAKIN. LORD. THIS. PLACE. FELT. LIKE. AN. OVEN.right when i sat down, i was dyyyiinnggg for  a cold brewski....and when i got it, it got warm within 5 minutes.the food is alrrriiggghht, a little overpriced for bar food, but its vegas. the fish and chips were pretty good, but it had too much batter. Their shoe string fries were the best thing i ate!they also have a little dispenser thingy by the bar for ping pong balls! BAD ASS. but where are the beer pong tables? not so bad ass.
4	Chocolate covered strawberry ... beer.  Yea, that's right and oh was it so right.  Great gastropub in the heart of the strip.  Love the Aria hotel and this is just a welcome addition to it.  The beer selection is off the hook and the food ... the food was equally as amazing.  Had a half dozen of the east coast oysters and the bleu cheese burger.  Again, it was all amazing.Would definitely come back again next time we're in the city to try more of their fine pub fare.  They have beer pong and other fun games should you choose to spend the day there watching games and chilling out.
4	Wanting some decent food around midnight without having to pay Mastro's prices, four of us wandered into Todd English P.U.B.  We were seated quickly on the room on the side and given the Late Night Menu (good from 11:00pm-1:30am).  Looking around, they seem to have the raw bar in the middle with the small, slightly darker and more pub-like room on the side, an outdoor patio on the other side, and a more well lit dining room in the back.  There's a mix of polished cement, tile, and wood throughout.  It's modern yet still warm.The beer menu here is fantastic.  It's not as extensive as some places, but they have a great variety of quality beers with excellent descriptions.  I had the Wexford Irish Cream.  For those who love cream ales and rue the day that Caffrey's was bought out by Coors who stopped importing it to the US, then Wexford is probably the closest thing you'll find.The food here is good too.  Not the most amazing food in the world, but very tasty.  We shared a bunch of plates:-- Caesar salad: Pretty standard.  Very good croutons.-- Grilled soft mini pretzels.  These are about the size of a long cigars.-- Corn dog puppies.  I'm not usually a fan of corn dogs, but these were fantastic.  Amazing, light, yet tasty breading.  They came with skinny fries which were unremarkable.-- Kelley's roast beef sliders.  KM asked for them without wiz, which made them a bit dry.  Passable, but average.-- Chicken parm sliders.  Just how chicken parm should be but on a small bun.  Good stuff.-- Man of steel burger.  Cooked just right.  The potato bread bun was a nice touch.The only downer here is the service was sort of off.  For a place that was less than half full our waitress took way too long to make her rounds.
4	If you pound a beer in under 7 seconds it's free! I'm going here every trip!
4	ordered : the 1/2 pound corned beef with challah! bread and  truffle mayo and sour cream horseradish sauce.  and the braised clams.Verdict:both were delicious! and if you like truffle flavor then definitely try the mayo, i think i couldve eaten it with a spoon(P.S. i did)the clams looked scary at first cause they were big and usually that means they'll feel like rubber in your mouth but these were perfect! little juicy lumps of joy with bacon flavored white wine sauce. i need to try more options then  see if P.U.B deserves the final star.  but so far i loved my first experience.
4	Nice atmosphere at City Center with a menu that has a few hits and misses.  My girlfriend ordered the Moules Frites and she said they were the best she ever had and I ordered the Shepherd's  Pie which was top notch.In addition,  we both ordered ice teas and the bill came to around $38 - a terrific value.  A word of caution - ordering off the menu requires some common sense as many items are overpriced:  Sliders = $18, Corn Dogs = $8, Pretzels = $6, Dirty Chips = $14, Tuna Salad = $22, Mashed Potatoes = $9, Beers ranging from $9 to $34
4	A good pub, not great. We really liked the shepards pie but were disappointed with the organic chicken pot pie. The chicken seemed overcooked and the portion was a bit small. We liked the beer on tap. The vibe here is good and it does approximate an English pub, minus the curry. We would try it again.
5	Are there words to describe the glory that is Todd English's PUB?  Not sure, although I'll try as I immediately start drooling.  The PUB was so faboo, that my friend and I went through within a seven hour period for first and second dinner.  First dinner was comprised of lobster rolls on a brioche bun, a swapped roast beef slider, a side (more like a SIDE because there were at least six pieces), and a beer flight.  My lobster rolls (heaven on a roll) also came with homemade slaw and kettle chips.  It goes without saying that the food was delicious and beautiful.  I had the fruit beer flight, and preferred the stawberry lambic and raspberry beer.  Second dinner was a kobe beef hot dog with a chocolate strawberry beer (chocolate stout and strawberry lambic mixed together) while my friend had cheese fries and corn dog fritters.  SO good.  Additional nice touches: it's a great interior with a menu peppered with fun quotes along with a fancy bathroom with an attendant who squirts soap in your hands and gives you your paper towels.  Giving my hard earned money to Todd felt fine, and was one of the better ways i spent my money in Vegas.  I highly recommend, and am confident you'll have a delicious time.  Enjoy!
4	Drink a beer in 7 seconds and it's free?  Sign me up.  I thought this place was pretty cool.  Our server, Mike, was one of the best waiters I have had.  He was friendly, very helpful, and he chatted us up while we were there.  The food was pretty tasty.  I had the double burger and it was very flavorful, maybe a little too much seasoning.  I also tried the Chicken Pot Pie and the Shepard's Pie.  Both were delicious.  My buddies and I were here on a Tuesday and at 9 they have 5 cent PBR's but you have to have a $12 tab.  The place got jam packed for this.  The atmosphere was great and we had a great time!  A little pricey but they have a good beer selection, beer flights, and Cask Ale.
4	We had a really nice low-key dinner here and it was one of the more tastier fare (as well as cheaper) during our week in Vegas. If you like beer, meat, and dark ambiance, this gastropub is for you! Drinks here come by the pint, yard, or pitcher. My friend was not a fan of beer so she ordered a yard of hard cider, which came with its own stand. I'm not quite the lush she is so I settled for a pint of beer. We sat near the bar and we witnessed some patrons going for the "drink a beer in 7 seconds and it's free" challenge. One guy came out a winner, while the other guy threw up all over the floor. They thought it was a good sport so they comped the beer anyway. If you hear the ring of a bell throughout your service, it means someone has successfully completed this challenge.My friend ordered from the Carvery (brisket, jumbo English muffin, with maple soy and black truffle mayo). For $16, it was a really sizable amount of food. I ordered the brown butter lobster rolls. Outstanding!  I had lobster rolls last year as an appetizer at Michael Mina's Nob Hill and they were nowhere as good as these. Todd English gets it right. Portions were generous, as well. I had trouble finishing all that delicious lobster.Service was so-so. Our server was friendly but she kept forgetting things and we had to remind her a few times about them. Other than that, I would definitely recommend this place if you like good beer and good pub food. Also, thanks to their flat screens, this would be a great place to catch a game, too.
3	we went to the aria for a vegas getaway and while waiting a long time to get our room, we decided to get some lunch at PUB.  we opted to be seated outside but the interior looked a good place to catch a game.given how not busy it was outside, we waited for a while for a server.  once he did come by he was pretty helpful.  the menu is quite big so having some help was nice.  we ended up just getting two dishes and one side.she got the chicken parm sliders and i got the brisket from the carvery.  the sliders were tasty but a bit on the dry side.  my brisket was cooked very nicely but was a tad under-seasoned.  i got it on a challah bread with black truffle mayo and it helped the overall flavor.  we got asparagus for sides and they were nice.overall, a nice place to grab a drink and decent bar food but nothing incredible.
5	I really enjoyed my experience at PUB. The atmosphere, the service, the drinks, and the food were all great. Here's the breakdown.ATMOSPHERE - Very high ceilings and plenty of windows in the front. The bar is really gorgeous, with floor to ceiling bottles. The chairs, in bright red leather, were very comfy. SERVICE - Bright and friendly. Age-wise, it's a young group of servers, which is always a mixed bag, but everyone here was friendly and smiling and knowledgeable. Our server was really attentive.DRINKS - An overall fantastic list of draught beers from all over the world, and though the prices are a bit steep, the list is high quality. Our water glasses were kept full. FOOD - Be forewarned. The portions (ALL the portions) are huge. We began our meal with an appetizer of Dirty Chips, which, going with the PUB theme, should have probably been called Dirty Crisps, because they were not fries, but chips, and chips are fries in... wait. Guh. I lost it. No matter. they were VERY crunchy and delicious, covered in some sort of green aioli and garnished ever-so-lightly with Fried Chicken Livers. I'm not a huge fan of liver, but wow, these things had me losing my mind a little bit. The Lobster Bisque was exquisite. Not too creamy, but plenty rich, topped with a flaky puff pastry. The main courses were all superb. The Chicken Pot Pie was creamy and and filled with huge chunks of chicken and topped with that gorgeous and impossibly light puff pastry. The Brown Butter Lobster Rolls were as good as they sound, and there was no skimping on the lobster. Shepherd's Pie was gravy-licious, and the large fellow who ordered it could barely finish half, try as he might. I ordered an open-faced Lamb Carvery sandwich with Horseradish Sauce and Pineapple Mint Sauce. The Pineapple sauce was non-descript, but the Horseradish knocked my socks off. I am used to things not being spicy or strong enough, but as I wiped away the tears as the last wallop of horseradish pulsed through my sinuses, I knew I had found a place that understands me. I was significantly more judicious with the sauce after that. The lamb was cooked perfectly.We didn't get a chance to try the desserts, much as we wanted to. No one had any room left.This will become a Vegas tradition for me.
3	At the last minute on a Friday night near City Center decided to try and get reservations at a restaurant.  All the ones I wanted were booked, so I called Todd English PUB and they were able to give me a reservation.We got there, the place was packed but we were seated right away.  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  It took awhile to get our drinks from the bar, which kind of sucked, but the place was packed.  The mussel appetizer we had was tasty and the "shrimp cocktail" was awesome.  Just an FYI, the shrimp cocktail is not your typical item.  The price is per shrimp and they are huge!!!Overall our entree's were good.  Though nothing spectacular to right home about.  Just good solid PUB food.  It was "A -OK" for a last minute place to grab a bite before heading out.
4	I've been curious to try Todd English's food for some time now...and I finally got my chance!After seeing him on the pilot run for Iron Chef America and on Top Chef..I always wanted to see what all the hooplah was about....I have to say...I was impressed...Before coming to this place.....it was between Bezo, the Tapas place or this....something about the smell coming from this Pub called to us so here we went hah....And we totally weren't disappointed....loved the sknny fries.....burgers were amazing....heck even the pickled vegetables were tasty...who would have thought pickled veggies would be scarfed down in a matter of seconds =PI ended up ordering the Lobster Rolls with the butter aoli.....man soooooo good!! Guess it was all that darn butter ha...Oh the servers were quite good looking too....well one of the guys looked like a legal Taylor Lautner lol....our server was this tall lean guy....really pleasant and had great customer service...did I mention he was cute ^_^Anyhoo...I'll stop rambling ha....try this place if you want to see a sports game or just go for a nice relaxing time with good folks  =)
4	I loved it here mostly because I was not paying for anything and 20 people ran a $1800 tab but. the drinks were great and the food was pretty good. Do get!! Dirty Chips, Mac and cheese, Pretzels, and Duck Buns.I had the brisket platter and it was soso but I was so full from appetizers and drinks they did not get full respect. If you can pound a pint in 7 seconds it is free and they have nickel PBR on tuesday. So I will be back! I loved it and I love Aria!
4	My wife and I had lunch here after a long walk down the strip from the Wynn.  They have an excellent draft beer selection.  They also have daily themed oyster shooters.  I had the chicken pot pie and my wife had the fish and chips.  We both agreed it hit the spot after a morning of walking.  Would definitely come back again if hungry and nearby.
4	"In Todd We Trust."Although that is a hilarious sentiment, its something I can stand behind when it comes to the food at this restaurant. Yuuuummy!I went for lunch here on New Years day with my bestie and my appetite firmly in tow.  We tried everything - even PBR in a wine glass.There is nothing I didn't like - from the pork buns to the sliders to the Lobster poppie (for which I am currently Jones-ing).  My only complaint is, now that you got me hooked on PBR in a wine glass and that gooey lobster delight, what am I going to do now that I can't get it here in New York, Todd? P.U.B.N.Y.C.? Brilliant. I want 50%.
4	Even better than last time!  no wait, we came in for lunch and were seated right away, complimentary popcorn was served shortly after we were seated.  Do not miss these itemsLobster Roll-3 generous sandwiches each stuffed with claw meat with aioli and thick toasted brioche bread.  The bread itself is amazingSwordfish enchilada- cooked to perfection, flaky yet firm meat served inside a tortilla with beans, sourcream and tortilla chips...I was alternating between bites of lobster and enchilada because i coundn't make up my mind what tasted betterSalad with rotisserie chicken-we expected some slices of chicken and practically had half of a rostisserie chicken on our palte that was extremly moist, delicious and well seasoned.  no room for dessert but I will definately be back for the dirty chips!!
4	I went to Vegas to visit my boyfriend and celebrate my birthday! This place was on the top of my boyfriend's list for places to take me while I was in town. Great place! We just went to have some beers and appetizers. We sat at the bar and scored seats right by the Spurs vs Mavericks game which was a huge plus. They have an amazing beer selection and so many tasty foods to choose from. We went with the Duck Buns and the Lobster Poppie. Both were excellent. The Duck Buns were like 3 little steamed buns you would get at dim sum. It's shredded duck, hoisin sauce and chopped scallions. Great balance of flavor and the actual bun was nice and fluffy. The Lobster Poppie was yorkshire pudding, creamy corn and brown butter sauce. It was a huge pastry pop over with lobster and all the other creamy goodness. Both were great and went well with beer. Our bartender that served was great. He was nice and checked on us frequently. Along the bar there are hour glasses on stands. The thing with those is that if you order a beer and you finish before the sand runs out (seven seconds) you get it for free. We thought about doing it but we were just getting started for the evening...maybe next time. This is definitely going on my return list. When I'm back in Vegas I will hitting up this place. Maybe I'll even try for a free beer.
2	Great idea, poorly executed. Took over two weeks just to book a group event. It was like they did not want our money. Two days out management was not even aware of our booking, apparently events director did not share our booking. Promised appetizers in chafing dishes, day of the event we are told the restaurant does not have chafing dishes.Finally got it booked. Food was actually pretty good. Very disappointing in how many beers and drinks that were on the menu, and on the chalkboard that listed beverages, that were not available. These are paper menus folks. When you pride yourself on a beer selection and charge $8 and up for a pint, can you not reprint a paper menu? From the reactions of the servers and bartenders they have heard this complaint a lot and they do not understand why management doesn't take the simple step to reprint menus. I expect better from Mr. English.Tried to discuss concerns with GM afterwards to offer constructive feedback...he did not see fit to call me back.If you are going as a couple probably no problems (just don't have your heart set on a particular beer) but don't ever try to book a group at this restaurant, you will be very disappointed.
4	Really great service an excellent choice and variety of Beers and great food.  Couldn't have asked for more.
5	excellent pastrami, great beer selection.  Not that expensive for vegas.
2	Great service and clean. Awful food. Great milkshakes.
4	Todd English PUB is a great meeting place, fun happy hour and great BAR food.  Gets a little crazy during sporting events and late night on weekends with guys and girls chugging mugs of beer and getting timed!  If you can chug within a certain time frame, you get the beer for free--so there are lots of takers!!  Definitely a fun place to stop on the strip.
4	I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, so when my friend was in town visiting and we were going to Haze that night and needed a place to have dinner first well it just seemed that  the stars have finally aligned for me.  The place it's self looked nice.  I know it's called a Pub, but by the looks it is definitely a restaurant first.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful with the menu.  I had the Lobster roll and it was good.  I was expecting something different it ended being what you would call maybe Lobster roll sliders still good, but not what I expected.  For dessert I had the chocolate cake and I must say it was very good extremely rich.  The highlight of my experience was on my way out I took the beer chug challenge.  To be honest that was probably the main reason I was there.  Well it was a victory for me I got my free beer.  I will definitely be back and with the pressure of not having to take the challenge I'm sure it will be a greater experience.
4	My Mom was in town for a visit and we decided to partake in some retail therapy at Crystals in City Center. We needed to carb-load before burning calories and cash in Louis Vuitton so we ordered salads and sandwiches from Todd English P.U.B. Delish!The sandwiches are kind of like a build-a-bear. You choose your bread, your meat, your toppings, etc. We sat outside and the patio area was nice. I would recommend this place for a casual lunch before shopping.
4	Looking for a great place to hang out while your family goes shopping (or gambling) in Vegas? Todd English P.U.B. is the place!  Widest the selection of beers and a good selection of food makes it a great place.  Service is quick and attentive too.  Will be back!
3	I ordered the Lobster Roll. While the lobster was cooked fine and had this clean simple flavor, the bread roll really disappointed me. I didn't like the bread to lobster ratio. I also didn't like that the bread had no crunch or particularly interesting flavor to it. Perhaps the lobster would have been better off in a toasted garlic roll. I have to day the slaw was nice though.
3	Shocked that the boyfriend wanted to give the place four stars, as I was totally set on two stars.  But he really loved his Carvery Sandwich.A group of 10 of us had reservations and were really looking forward to Todd English PUB.  The Good: The "7-second pint challenge" was lots of fun and meant free beers for some guys in the group.  The boyfriend loved his sandwich from the Carvery menu (pastrami) and the pickled veggies that came with.  Big menu with lots to choose from.The Bad: Corn Dog Bites that tasted a lot like the samples at Costco.The Ugly: Terrible service - from pushing alcohol sales too hard, to not detailing the beers in a flight of beers, to serving the wrong drinks (beer when it was supposed to be cider), to not serving drinks at all and not bringing condiments when requested. Our server was completely indifferent to us, but more than happy to put an auto gratuity of 20% on the bill.  The Fish n Chips which was supposed to be a signature dish was terrible. Two of us ordered it and it was gummy and the breading was too thick and undercooked.  The location is great, and in general, I really enjoy Todd English's restaurants, but this one just wasn't what we were hoping for.
4	After scouring many menus on the internet in anticipation of our trip to Vegas, we decided our first meal would take place at Todd English PUB. We got to the PUB around 2 to enjoy a late lunch. The restaurant still had a fair amount of energy even though it was about 30% occupied. Now to the food. We had difficulty deciding on our meal as many items on the menu looked appealing. I opted for the lobster rolls with house made chips and my wife ordered Grichebactom (grilled cheese with brie an bacon) and mac and cheese. The lobster rolls were incredible. A warm buttery roll with the richness of the lobster were a perfect match. My wife's Grichebactom was good, but not great. We couldn't help ourselves and ordered desserts. I took down the bread pudding topped with salted caramel ice cream and caramel sauce while my wife ordered the chocolate cream pie topped with toasted marshmallows. The desserts were definitely a 10 out of 10. We were pleased enough with our first meal that we decided to go back for round 2. I ordered the dirty chips (topped with blue cheese, bacon and fried chicken livers) and duck buns, while the wife ordered the sliders. The dirty chips were amazing. I didn't know what to expect with the fried chicken livers and they were cooked perfectly. This was a delicious combination of salty, creamy, crunch and richness. The duck buns were ok. As I dug into the chips first, the juice from the duck made the buns soggy which was not the greatest mouthfeel.  This was not the foods fault, but mine for taking my time. My wife's sliders were tasty, but nothing extraordinary. We opted not to partake in dessert on this visit. I will be visiting the Todd English PUB on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Environment is cool! Food is great! Portions could be a bit bigger for the prices though. Grilled cheese sandwich was yum! Sliders were seasoned well but a bit over cooked. They chocolate berries beer cocktail was delish! The sweet potato fries are just like you would get anywhere else. Our friends got items from the carvery part of the menu. They loved it. The dipping sauces those come with where yummy. I dipped my fries in them! I'd go again!
1	This place is extremely overpriced.  The service was ok, but I don't understand how you can charge $14 for a PBR in a brown bag with a shot of Jack.  That is criminal.  I had the $18 buffalo burger which I could hardly taste because the bun was so gigantic and the fries tasted like had come out of a frozen bag.  I will not go back to this PUB.  There much better places to eat in Vegas.
5	My Husband and I went here while in Vegas with family. I'm a Sous Chef, huge foodie, and a self proclaimed Confit Whore. All of my food porn fantasies came true here, We started off with a few beers, Fat Tire and  Lindemans Framboise Lambic. Delicious.Appetizer was the Welsh Rarebit, Crispy, cheesy heaven. The perfect size to get our taste buds salivating and geared up for more.Entrees: I ordered the Duck Confit Carver, Rye Bread and horseradish cream and truffle mayo. AMAZING! The little side of pickled veggies helped cut the richness of the duck, which was perfectly tender and moist. My Husband ordered the Brisket Carver and had the blue cheese sauce and house BBQ, both good. We shared the an order of thick cut fries and mac n Cheese. The mac was heavenly, although I feel a little over priced for the portion (the only time I thought this during our entire meal) The fries were good, but not the kind of item I wake up dreaming about (though their Confit and welsh rarebit are)Our server (which I wish I could remember his name) was amazing. Very helpful with explaining menu items and ingredients because I am one of those people who ask. I had my 35mm and kept getting up to snap pictures and he was patient enough to wait for me to return to serve us our courses. Overall AMAZING (hence the five star) As a cook I don't make a ton of money so the bill was a little daunting but, I'd say worth every penny and will most defiantly go back the next time I'm in Vegas, maybe look into any kind of Happy Hour specials.
4	Speaking as a former San Francisco Chronicle/Examiner Newspaper columnist, I recently lunched at Todd's and highly recommend it.My food was served at the proper temperature...delicious hot Sweet Potato Fries with a unique apple rosemary dip, and tasty Chicken Wings with blue cheese sauce and celery, and a well mixed Margarita, My server Lauren was attentive to all of my requests. And I LOVED the outdoor patio. Cheers!
4	This is only one of two places that I could find craft beer in Las Vegas.  It's at a beautiful location. ( I felt like I was at the airport all over again.) Considering we had 10 people, we had a substantial wait.  But the wait and the selection of beer made it go quickly.  I didn't venture too far, in terms of food.  I ordered the sliders.  The meat was delicately cooked (a real medium rare) and the beer super cold.  Our server was on it, he didn't miss a thing.  I'd go back. Definitely.  I'm a beer snob. I don't like mass produced beer.  I wonder if they rotate their beers?  Perfect reason to go back.
5	This is a very cool, relaxed atmosphere. The wait staff, managment staff, security was top notch. The food was PHENOMENAL! The price point was fair.  You must try their raw bar too.  We went twice in four days and the second evening from 9pm -10 pm (Wednesday) they offered $0.25 beer by this time I thought that I was at a nightclub in college.  It's overall a great place to let loose, eat good, drink good and listen to great music and receive EXCELLENT guest service....BTW, I failed to mention that their portions are large and the presentation was quite impressive.
3	Good restaurant. Great meat choices. Service was a little slow, especially when the restaruant wasn't even half full. We had a good time though. Good atmosphere. Good value.
2	I wouldn't go here unless I only wanted to drink. Very loud. The fish and chips were overcooked and the turkey from the carvery was disappointing. The sides of pickles ,coleslaw and fries-none were worth eating. They do appear to have a large beer selection.
4	To bed at 530 am, wake up and my buddy is still snoring. It's 1200pm and I need food. Grab sunglasses, head is pounding, throw on shorts and flip flops. Quietly shut door and head out. Exit casino left. A walkway, flowing water, fresh air and sun. wow, I needed that; what's this? A pub? Todd English Public Urban Bar (P.U.B.)?? I give it a go - air flowing through out, plenty of seats at the bar. Despite his rumored financial difficulties, this place managed to serve up some pretty sweet food. Started off with what I hate to admit was maybe the best bloody mary I've ever had. Pint glass rimmed with spicy Cajun pepper rub. Pickled carrots, onions, celery stalk and plenty of Grey Goose. Well prepared bloody mix, thick and substantial. Outstanding start, particularly when paired with a shot of Patron Silver. Ordered  1/2 dozen West Coast oysters, somewhere in Washington, bartender wasn't sure exactly where, no problem - they were clean, fresh, meaty and shucked with no damage to meat or shell. Excellent mignonette to accompany these bi-valves. In addition, a side of house made pickled veggies - baby carrots, onions, peppers, and pickles. Great pickling job. Followed by a free Guinness - actually make that two. You get them free, limit of two, if you can chug it before sand clock runs out, not a problem on this end. Confit of duck three ways or so it seems. Really a confit leg, some shredded duck and then a breast as well. Quite good, certainly not close to La Cote Basque NYC but pretty decent considering it is served at a bar at 1200pm in Las Vegas. Served by the half-pound or pound, a variety of dipping sauces and a choice of breads to make little sandwiches. The maple soy and black truffle mayo were my favorites. Add another shot of Patron and lunch comes to a close - time for a shower, a nap by the pool and off to the club later in the evening.
3	Great Great Food. Horrible Horrible service.Some of the best chili cheese fries on the plant. They had Ephemere on tap a super big plus.The negative things about this place. The waiter hit on my girlfriend the entire night, and said and did inappropriate things. Total douche bag. He was always around when you didn't need him, and never around when you needed something. The big ticker was he offered me and my girl complementary Patron shots for deserts, but charged us at the end of the night on the bill for the shots. When I tried to ask about it another waiter came up and said our original waiter is on a freaking smoke break. What a scam artist (Vegas Style). Todd English you have a bad server working for you, but great food.
4	Tasty burger with a great atmosphere. This is a fun Vegas place to eat. Beer pong is also a big bonus.
4	Went here with a group of 15 others for St. Patricks Day.  The place was great and accommodated our party without any trouble.  They have a massive beer list and a full bar, so no shortage of alcohol options.  Food was really solid too.  I went with the sliders and fries - both very good.  Other people were raving about the duck buns and hot dogs.  You really can't go wrong with this place.  Really convenient if you're staying at any of the hotels in the city center, or even on that end of the strip.  It's open late and they have tons of TVs for sports viewing.  They do play loud music over the speakers throughout so beware if that bothers you.  If you slam a beer in less than 7 seconds, it's free!  I'll definitely be returning in the future.
3	We were here on a Saturday evening around 6:30pm, and we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait. We were okay with that, but as we walked to the bar there were a TON of empty tables!!! Why would there be such a long wait just for two?Anyway, we found a table at the bar to sit in and have dinner. We shared the mini corn dogs, Dirty Chips, and the bison burger.The corn dogs were good. The Dirty Chips were pretty fantastic. It was a huge appetizer for the two of us. Between the corn dogs and chips, we didn't need the bison burger.The bison burger was dry. We ordered it medium rare, and it lacked juiciness.The service was good and the atmosphere was nice too.
2	We only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated, but that was about the only good thing about this place.  The staff was not very friendly and it was difficult to recognize them with their plain cornflower blue t-shirts.  We asked for separate checks as soon as our server arrived.  He replied, "We'll deal with that at the end."  Okay.....  so, we ordered, and the menu was VERY expensive.  $10 for a 12 oz. domestic draft deer.  I thought that was ridiculous.  The entrees were also p[ricey- I paid $17 for a grilled cheese and fries.  The food was OK, but not worth the money.  Then, to top it off, when we asked for the check, he gave us 1 check with 20% gratuity added.  We reminded him about separating it.  He then went back to his register and took about 20 minutes to slpit everything up and process our payments.  YES, I understand that splitting checks is a pain, but honestly, it's more and more common these days, especially in a tourist area like Vegas.  The servers and establishments need to adjust to their market.  I am a local, and will NOT be going there again.  I thought for a $33 bill total, the servers should at least be wearing a collared shirt....
4	I'd give these guys 5 stars based on my first visit alone but the hostess gave my wife and I attitude when we came back on Friday March 18 because we wanted to have a few drinks outside.   Apparently it's only for people who wish to dine.  Really, lady?  3 or 4 cocktails each add up way faster than a couple of burgers, just so you know.   The outside, incidentally, was completely empty since everybody was inside watching the NCAA tournament.   We opted to leave and went to Beso instead.On my first visit, however, I was by myself and sat at the bar and ordered the Fish & Chips.    I love fish & chips but seldom do I find really good fish & chips, and that's living in the Bay Area right by the Pacific ocean.   So where do you have to go to find amazing fish that almost melts in your mouth?   Apparently in the middle of the desert, that's where!That was a beautiful dinner and the waitress was really nice, despite the fact that she was evidently quite busy.
4	I always tell myself "don't order room service; it's a friggin' rip-off" no matter where you're staying.  The Belgian waffle, though, at Aria was pretty damn good but $30-good, dunno.For lunch I decided to get off my lazy ass, wade through the Rolex-wearing computer sales nerds and go to Crystals.  Luckily, I didn't have to go through much of Crystals as Todd English P.U.B. was right by the Aria entrance.Since it was like three o'clock getting a table wasn't a problem.  Although I'm sure the fish 'n chips are terrific, I decided to have something -- I'm sure I'll pay for in a while -- I don't see everywhere:  A nice grilled bologna sandwich.  The bologna is from Italy not some horrible feed yard in the midwest.  Also had the giardiniera.  Both were terrific.  I was advised that between three and six all wine and beer is half-price.I was only bummed that I couldn't share this with my foodie-gf.  She loves trying new things.  If you're looking for a quick bite ... a quick GOOD bite ... this is a great place!
4	The. Best. Brisket. EVER!Seriously, that stuff is dreamy. Smokey, savory goodness. And a huge huge portion. ALL the food here is in gigantic portions. I could only finish about 1/3 of my meat, but the rest of the table happily finished the rest. You can share almost everything on the menu. I saw one of the footlong hotdogs go by, that thing was a bit over a foot and about an inch-and-a-half in diameter.Also, service was great... but the brisket....
3	Not the best fish and chips I've ever had, but decent. This place gets loud!Packed with men. I'd say it was a 8-to-1 male to female ratio up in here. I'm just sayin'.
3	Not a bad place for a pint of Guiness....Service - For a humongous place, the service was quite good.Drinks - Different sizes for a pint of Guiness or your other favorites. And, the pint is the smallest size. Very cool.Food - Oh, I just had dinner and still munched on their food. Order the "Dirty Chip".  You gotta try it.Price - Ahhh,  okay that was a bit pricey.Ambiance.  Too large, not too intimate.  Pubs should be eclectic and not, well clubby.  But definitely this place is huge.Parking - if you are a local, well, what a pain to wait for your car, but it is part of the valet experience.I would give this place a four, but due to such a large size place and high prices, I gotta reduce it a bit!Nevertheless - GO FOR IT.
5	This place rocks. Sit at the bar and enjoy fun banter with the staff.  Order a delicious beer and the bison burger with skinny fries! Loved it so much here I came back again on my two day trip.
2	Mediocre food. Had fish and chips. Fish was overcooked and coating was charred. Chips were soggy and flavorless. Kitchen was SLOW. It took over an hour from when we were seated until we were served our entree. This might be a good place if you want to drink a lot of beer and don't care when your food arrives or what it tastes like.
3	Alex was one of the best servers ive had in a long time. Very knowledgable but not overbearing.  We liked Alex and the atmosphere, but the food was average, if not a bit overpriced.The second time we visited, again there was good service and good beers available but the food was underwhelming.  When you put your name a restaurant in Vegas, the food better be the main event.The chicken pot pie was okay.  Good but didn't blow me away.  My wife and sister in law had some carved meats that later gave them both heart burn.  We sent an appetizer back, and the manager came over to check in on us.  Good service there.  Instead of removing the item from our bill he wanted to take care of us and sent over a deep fried halibut.  It was this enormous deep fried piece of fish that looked like a football.  Not what we needed.  It was a good piece of fish, but man that thing was a huge fried turd.Overall, I'd say go for the beer and location, but eat dinner somewhere else.
4	This is a large bar basically, but they happen to serve really flavorful food and unusually low prices for vegas. It's not "cheap" food, but what you do get for what they charge is good. We skip the carvery section (pricey) and just order the rest of the menu.If you like pretzels, theirs are good. Best dip is the ware rarebit appetizer. Lobster rolls are great, the mini pastrami sandwiches are a win as well. They do a burger with pastrami added, it's also good.The real treat is the shepards pie. the beef inside is flavor packed and it's just a big hot cast iron skillet of comfort food. The skirt steak with ribeye chili on top is also flavorful and a definite winner.They do a really good twist on a manhattan called The Excellent Crystal. Oh and they have a ton of beers on tap as well. Honestly if you wanted to sit and just eat bar food, drink draft beer and watch sports, i'd go here (and often do).  If you make it to dessert, the bread pudding is delicious.Now the bar games...Around the bar you'll find up lit small hourglasses. They are set to 7 second. Order any pint (Guinness is really the best bet for speed). With hand on glass, but glass on bar, they flip the hourglass, you drink. no side drafting beer out of your mouth and nothing left over and you get the pint for free.Before you get excited, you can only do it twice I believe. Which brings us to the next game, Make a shot, take a shot.  They have a couple basketball hoops on teh bar (it's easier now than it used to be), sink the nerf ball, free shot. They have made this easier.Solid food, good flavor, reasonable prices and on strip.  Pretty rare.
2	I was excited to try this place but the food just wasn't that good. Trust me, I really want to like this place. With that said, it's a fun pub and we went back for beers again. They do have really good service but the food is overpriced and terribly mediocre. Also, basic beers are at least $10 a pint, I know this is Vegas but c'mon! A Fat Tire is $12? You gotta be kiddin' me.
4	A couple of things I dig about this place.1. free peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor!2. beer cocktails!3. good selection of beers on tap  (lots of brit beers on tap) and speciality beers by the bottle - (hell yes)3. waitresses have the coyote ulgy thing going on~Unfortunatly we didn't get to eat.  Making a point of returning based on the reviews.
2	I ate lunch here with my family on Saturday. It is mediocre at best. The atmosphere is.. "pubby"- obviously which was fine... but the food was blaaahh... I ordered the roast beef sliders which were dry and boring. I ate 2 of the 3... and that was only because i doused them in mustard. The fries and the pickles were good, but i expect a little more from T.E. No one in my group claimed their meal was excellent... If you're in the new mall you're better off @ Wolfgang or Social house for lunch..
3	Cool looking place but the food was not up to par.  I would definitely come here just for drinks, they have an extensive beer and drink menu and the bar area is quite spacious.  We got the turkey burger, wedge salad and chicken sliders.  All three were mediocre at best.  I was expecting a lot more flavor and maybe even a twist to add some uniqueness to the dishes.  Got neither and could have gotten the same thing at Applebees for a third of the price.  There is a section of the restaurant that seats next to open windows which look into the hotel lobby.  SIT HERE!  This made for fantastic people watching, especially on a crazy Saturday night!  Come here for drinks and people watching but not for food.
3	Maybe it's because we came in kinda late, but the food was just eh. I had the duck buns and they were pretty salty, not to mention that that they got soggy super fast. The hubs had the burger and it was unremarkable. We did enjoy the soft pretzel appetizer, though.The service was really slow but overall okay.
3	Next to the Aria casino in Crystals mall.  A pretty good example of an English pub with Vegas prices.  The bangers and mashed were as I recall them from England, good but not something I would eat everyday.  The grilled bologna sandwich brought back memories of youth.  Lots of excellent beers on tap, they have Fuller's ESB which is hard to find in the USA.
2	Disclaimer - I got there late after a long poker session so only had the short menu they start serving at 10:30 pm.  Have read good things about the normal menu so will update this review if I ever have that.Got the beef sliders and mini corn dogs.Sliders - Bland.  The beef wasn't really seasoned (though I guess that's standard in many places) so didn't really taste great.  The slider buns were pretty good - nice flavor and texture.  It let you eat your slider without things spilling everywhere.  But overall it just didn't taste that great.  Even the onions they serve it with get lost in the strength of the slider's sauce as well as the pickles served with it.  Mini corn dogs with skinny fries - Corn dogs were, again, bland.  The batter had a nice texture but don't think it offered much flavor beyond just kind of a normal sweetness.  The dogs were made of decent meat (I think) but just not seasoned.  Fries were ok - but they did get soggy towards the bottom of the cup.  Not so bad since they would get cold served on a plate (there were lots of them).I'm willing to try again as it looked like a really cool place and the Aria poker room is my new favorite.  But the food, so far, was poor.  Service was kind of lacking too.  Bartenders spent a lot of time socializing while patrons were kind of waiting there for service.  My water glass went unfilled my whole meal.
2	This place was pretty lame. It hooks with you with a cute Irish Pub feel, but prepare to be disappointed.We had terrible service. It took 20 minutes to have our beverages delivered while they sat warm at the bar. Food was about $20 per person, which I know is typical for Vegas, but the portions were small. Taste was average, nothing to write home about. I got a plate with beef and fritos, I can't remember what it was called. It came out very differently than I expected. One friend ordered the sliders and found them inedible. She did like her fries though. A few of my friends ordered oysters, which were a pretty good price. The entrees came, the oysters did not, so they cancelled them. It was about a $150 bill for lunch for 5, with 3 people ordering alcoholic drinks. Not worth it.
2	This place maybe deserves 2 1/2 stars, but I'm sticking with 2 after comparing  it to all the great meals we had and this one stands out as the least favorite.  First, it took 10 minutes to get a menu!! What's up with that?Then after we got our menus another 15 minutes to have our order taken.  So after 25 minutes we weren't expecting our food to come out quickly,but it did.  The same inconsistency was found with the food.  Lobster rolls were delicious and of course expensive, but loaded with lobster.  All three in our party were extremely disappointed with the fish and chips. The batter wasn't cooked through and when I asked the waiter about it he said that is the way it's supposed to be.  I lived in England on 2 different occasions....where did this chef get a soggy batter undercooked recipe from?  Not GB I can guarantee!!Little corn dogs were ok and the fries were just ok.  The mini blt sliders were just meh.  They looked delicious but needed more mayo or some kind of sauce.  Pretty sure I wouldn't come back to this place with the strange service and hit or miss food that is definitely not cheap.
4	Came here for lunch as part of our mancation plan to get loaded first thing in the morning.  Nothing like a couple pints of strong, belgian beer to start off the day.I had the fish & chips, which was better than your average fish & chips and should satisfy that craving if you were to ever have it.  I would ask for skinny fries instead of the ones that usually come w/ the order though.I didn't want to order the pastrami or corned beef, because I'm such a Langer's homer and nothing could ever compare, but my friends ordered those 2 things and they were both amazing.  Not as good as the #19 because of the accompaniments, but the pastrami itself was right up there.Service was very friendly and on top of things.  I would definitely come here again if I wanted to have a beer in a more casual atmosphere.Oh btw, my friend ended up throwing up on the street, so if you saw a handsome, asian dude bent over a trash can outside of Aria on Saturday, that was my buddy.  Good times.
4	This is why I am always unabashedly checking out menus located outside of restaurants... sometimes, you hit gastronomic gold.We had read the full menu earlier in the day while doing the touristy thing and decided to come back. After a run-in with some Patron at Pink Taco's happy hour (seemed like a good idea at the time), we didn't end up getting to our destination till after 10:30... where we were saddened to find that they only offer a limited menu from then until 1am. Damn you, tequila!!!I got their very refreshing mojito and the boy and I shared the chicken parm sliders, the sweet potato fries and a Caesar salad. The salad was a Caesar... come on, how can you mess up a Caesar? I appreciated the addition of tomatoes though...  the fries were also yummy, not at all greasy or burnt (could have been a bit hotter)... the stars were the chicken parm sliders. Tiny cheesy morsels of goodness sandwiched between little fluffy buns that you can add a lettuce/tomato mix to... deeeeeelish.Service was good... not overly friendly, but adequate. The thing that I will remember most is the ambiance... very man-friendly, but more of a modern Mad-Men off-duty type of way. I also realized that this is the same place that I had heard of that gives you your beer for free IF you are able to drink it in under seven seconds. The barkeeps rings a very loud bell if you are able to... I heard that bell quite often, lemme tell ya.I definitely want to come back before they close down most of the kitchen... ideally wearing a dress that I stole from Christina Hendrick's wardrobe.
5	I was extremely impressed with pretty much everything here.  Yes, you're in Vegas and everything is more expensive.  But as far as gastropubs go, this one is up there with the best of everything.Everything we had was amazing, from the tuna poke appetizer and the house made chips, to the entrees.  I had a chicken pot pie (advertised as made with a veloute), which was killer.  Creamy delicious inside, perfect fluffy crust.  Served absurdly hot though.  The best tasting thing on the table was probably the lobster rolls.  Perhaps the most beautiful looking sandwich I've ever seen, from bright red lobster meat to glistening buttery rolls.  I also heard great feedback on the swordfish enchilada (?!) and the fish & chips.Everything is done real well here.  Don't forget the absurdly large and delicious beer selection.
4	Went here before a show, and i really wish we had more time here, we had like 45 minutes, and def rushed ourselves, as this place deserved to have more time spent in it.Ordered a few beers, popcorn comes out in a lil tin can, just eh.  half isnt popped.  Appetizer - I ordered the lobster poppie, and my friend ordered the duck buns.  each came with 2, so we just split them.  Both of these things were so weird and refreshing, they were great.  The bun on the duck bun was a lil much, but delicious.  and the lobster poppie aioli was addicting, i actually soaked up some with the duck bun.Dinner - My friend ordered a fish special, i dont remember what it was, other then that it was very good.  and i got the brisket on challah bread with te bbq sauce and black truffle mayo.  the sauces were delicious, and challah was, being a jew from long island, not the best, same with the brisket.  if you're not like me, and not used to amazing homemade brisket and challah bread, then it was easily amazing.Worth going back to, specially for the drinks.
1	I really hate giving these types of reviews but when its  that bad...It was about 3pm on a Saturday afternoon there was a good amount of people in the place, but it definitely wasn't busy. Even though it wasn't busy it still the the lady behind the bar took forever to get me a menu and even longer to ask me if I was ready. I ordered my beer, I ordered my food then sat there for about another 45min. Finally when my food came it looked amazing and all of the bad that just happened didn't matter.... until I bit into my burger. It might as well been made from a solid block of salt, it was that salty. When I say that I'm not exaggerating when I say this, I've never had anything that salty in my life. I ask the woman for the check (I didn't ask them totake the food back) she noticed I had only taken one bite and at least took it off my bill (without my asking). At least she tried to make it right but it was too late. I was starving to begin with, and I left just as hungry...It sucks because my local friend said it was a good place to grab a burger, just not for me... not that day at least. Maybe I'll try it again but not any time soon.
5	My two girl friends and I wandered into Todd English to try the fruli strawberry beer, unfortunately the bartender said it was no longer being made  =( I forgot our bartenders name.. either way... all of the staff were so accommodating. Since we had originally dropped in to try that specific drink and we aren't big beer drinkers, the bartenders let us sample a bunch of beers they thought we'd like. All of the samples he gave us were more than enough for us to drink but we still ordered a glass of each of our favorites. We also decided to order cookies and ice cream, i know it's a strange combo with the beer and all but we were craving some sweets at the time. The bartenders were so friendly, chatted with us and the regulars who came by. I felt like we stepped into an episode of Cheers. When we asked for our bill, we saw they only charged us for 1 coke and the ice cream and cookies! we left happy and left them with a pretty big tip! 5 stars for Todd English for their beer selection and especially their service! next time I plan to try the food...heard their pastrami sandwich is amazing!
1	I didn't have a good experience at this restaurant. First, I think the name "gastropub" is thrown around a little loosely these days. I noted a few items hinting at creativity, but mainly the menu is bar appetizers, burgers and some British food. Creed and Maroon 5 on the sound system, and enough "flair" on the wall to make you feel like you are in a British TGI Fridays, not a hole in the wall British Pub. Went for lunch and the place was not packed at all. Despite seeing several servers walking around, waited a good 10 minutes for a water and a menu. The following was ordered: buffalo burger medium, substitue horseradish sauce instead of bleu cheese, and sweet potato fries. 35 minutes later (place is almost empty) food arrives by a different server who puts it down without saying anything and walks away. Food consists of a small patty of well done meat on a very large, somewhat burned bun. I am not sure of there burger weight, but putting it on a bun twice the size does not help with any sort of illusion. Large hunk of bleu cheese, but no horseradish anywhere to be found. No one is around and I am starving so I scrape off the cheese and just eat it. Anyone who has had buffalo understands it has a different flavor than beef. I cannot verify this, but I am pretty sure I DIDNT have a buffalo burger. No one checked on me even if I had wanted to say anything. The next time I saw my server he was delivering my unasked for check. This "pub" is exactly the reason I avoid chain restaurants whenever I can. Since I want to be a little nice, if you do want a good beer selection (and even some ciders) this place might be up your alley. Also, the sweet potato fries were good.
4	I was happy to come here since Todd English is a well-known chef and was named a National Rising Star Chef by the James Beard foundation.  This place is located at the City Center and has a huge beer selection and some great cocktails.  I had the Grow a Pear cocktail, which was yummm.  It had grey goose, la poire vodka, sour mix, w/ riesling.  Also ordered the lobster roll sandwich that came with chips.  To my surprise is was a pretty big portion, and although I tried my hardest to eat it all, I just couldn't.  It had huge pieces of lobster claws in the roll and had a bit of a tang to it.  The pub itself has a really fun atmosphere.  The paper place mates has quotes from Abe Lincoln to bumper sticker sayings that say 'Vegetarian: an old Indian word for bad hunter.'  LOL.  Next time I'll grab a seat at the bar...that seems to be where all the action was that day.
5	Went to dinner here with a party of 16 and the service was great.  The beer is a little pricey though so prepare to spend a little there.I had the Chicken Pot Pie and it was amazing, served in cast iron pot and piping hot with tasty crust on top.  Also had a side of macaroni and cheese and was also very very good and creamy.Will definitely go back to this place again!!
4	I can only give 4 stars for I only came here for a beer. The place was nice; we saw it while walking around Crystals. So, my friends & I stopped for a quick drink, like I said I only wanted a beer...... And I walk into beer heaven.It may not have the largest selection of beers, but it has a really good one! Our serves was really nice, always on top of things. And the beers were nice and smooth. Nothing could have been better!!
5	A big reason I'm giving this place five stars is because of the excellent service! That's not to say the food isn't good as well (it is!), but the service our group of about 30 received here for a birthday was just awesome! Like I said, we had a group of 30, which can be daunting. The birthday girl (who had made a reservation here months in advance) had called in shortly before we were coming and ordered several appetizers which were waiting for us when we arrived. There were two long tables that were next to each other where we were seated, and each table had onion rings (which were delicious!), "dirty nachos" (think nachos w/potato chips instead of tortilla chips), which were also delicious, and honestly I can't remember the third appetizer. I'm not sure if they did something special for our group or not (hey I just showed up and ate what was ordered), but if these were the normal portion sizes for appetizers they're HUGE! Now this is where I say the service was awesome... Shortly after our entree orders were taken a small group of us had to get up and leave to take care of some of business for the birthday girl's big night (the Vegas club scene is a pain!). We expected to be gone a short time and by the time we'd get back our food would have just gotten there. Well, we were gone much longer than expected. Without any questions asked (nobody from our group said anything) our waitress (I'm assuming she got permission from the higher ups) said she would remake our food since we were gone so long. I kind of felt like an a-hole, but the restaurant was beyond nice for doing this for us. Oh, as far as what I ordered I got the West Coast Burger, which is essentially a Turkey burger w/bacon, sprouts & avocado. It was delicious and tasted very fresh. The fries that came w/it were delicious as well! Oh I also had a couple of pear vodka cocktails which were refreshing (a bit sweet...but refreshing) I would definitely come back to Todd English PUB when back in Vegas. It's a nice restaurant and the prices are fair for the quality & portions.
1	The food and service were horrible and the restaurant was half empty. I have eaten at other Todd English restaurants and really enjoyed them, so my experience at PUB is even more appalling because of the comparison. The only redeeming features was the extensive selection of draft beers and a great, fun atmosphere.
5	I'm still dreaming about this place.The dirty chips, pretzel bites and french fries were ALL delicious... the best I'v had in my life-- the lobster roll.  Amazingly devinely dream-worthy.Service was ++, a tad bit pricey, but expected on the strip, esp in Aria.
4	Had a really nice brunch on Memorial Day Sunday while watching the end of the Indy 500.   We've eaten at Todd English's Olives in the Bellagio -- this is good too, but nothing like Olives, either ambience or food selection.  But, it is an archetypical "pub" / sports bar.They were running a Corned Beef Hash special with asparagus & hollandaise and a brunch drink special on Mimosas and Bloody Marys.Great food, good bread to start with, decent sparkling wine in the Mimosas.   Great service.Definitely will go back -- the rest of menu looked great for an easy lunch or dinner place while in the City Center area.
3	Took my parents here on a recent trip to Vegas and they quite liked this fare.  Meet & potatoes kind of thing but a little gourmet.  I tried the carved meat & it was quite tasty and cooked just right...ie not dry.Close to the Aria in the City Center.  The place is quite busy & boisterous.
4	My girlfriends invited me out for a night on the town- I am always a little hesitant to go out on the strip on a work week... however they mentioned something about Nickel Beers? I was shocked, there is a place in VEGAS that doesn't charge you $8-$15 a drink. I was totally in. When we got there it was really busy and we had to wait in line. Once we got in the place was so crowded. When we finally got served at the bar after several minutes, we ordered as many PBR Nickel Beers as we could. I mean who could go wrong with a beer that only costs 5 cents. I'm not a fan of PBR- but for 5 cents a beer... why not!? They have an outdoor patio where everyone smokes at, and on the inside the bathrooms for men and women are combined (well just the sinks are in the same room) and they have a host in the bathroom who is really funny. I had a really great time, and definitely plan to go back in the future! Tuesday night from 9 until midnight is when they serve nickel beers, I would advise you to get there early if you want to sit at the bar.
4	I was fortunate to tag along with Blair B. and her husband Mike en route to their friend's birthday dinner at PUB.  I got a pint of the Irish cream beer, and it was okay - not worth ordering again but needed after some stress.  The three of us shared 2 pounds of meat - 1 of crispy duck leg and 1 of lamb loin.  We got challah and kaiser rolls, and four different sauces.  I will stop right now and say get the black truffle mayo as everyone else says.  I am not a mayo eater or even much of a condiment person, but that mayo is ridiculously good.The lamb was great on its own or with the challah and mayo.  The duck was crispy and delicious.  I liked the pickles that came with the dishes.  the only odd thing is four people at our table ordered half yards of beer, a certain part of the woodwork at this PUB/Bar, yet the waiter told us the place ran out of yard glasses!!!  What?!?!?  We hardly saw any on tables, and it was only like 9 PM!  Strange.  He ended up giving the bday girl and her husband "the last 2 in the whole restaurant" and gave Blair B. and Mike B. 2 pints instead (so they may have lost out on 2 oz each).  In the end it was just a nice experience.  It was pretty loud in there and hard to hear, but the patio seems quieter for a next visit.  Our waiter started off crabby but ended up pretty nice and refilled waters often.  I am glad we came and conquered the carvery!
4	Food is good and servings are large. The huge sandwich is a deal if there are 3 or 4 of you that can agree at $50.00 Also be aware there is a seven second beer chugging challenge. If you complete the beer in 7 seconds its free. Can be a scene/ crowded on evening weekends- low key on week days for lunch.
3	The perfect cure for the premature hangover. After a full day of Vegas-style pool-drinking and an early evening power nap this is was the perfect place to refuel with some Vegas style pub food. Sadly the pre-mature hangover meant we did not try the raw bar. We ordered a bunch of things to try. My favorites were:Mac and Cheese - legitimately different than the millions of other mac and cheeses out there. Very savory.Steak Tacos - Sauces were really good, as was the corn/bean relishOther things we tried that were all goodBeer Battered Onion Rings - Big portionCorn Dogs - Yes, awesome. Roast Beef Sliders - tasty fixingsSolid go-to for a casual night out in Vegas.
3	There aren't very many low-key places to eat & hang out on the strip so P.U.B. was a welcome change of pace at the end of a long weekend.  The place is pretty huge but somehow still manages to have that cozy red British pub vibe.  Service is very friendly and accommodating.  We had a very large party (14, yikes!)  and they were able to seat us together.  Two servers took care of our table  and we had no issues with the ordering process or the bill.  Impressive!I would say the only place P.U.B. fell short was the food.  With Todd English lending his name to the place, I expected better.  The menu reads amazing, but when the food comes out, SURPRISE!  It's just typical pub fare.  My veggie-less Chicken Pot Pie was a flop, as were the not-so-fresh Fish & Chips.  The lobster rolls were sort of bland and borderline soggy.  The best thing I tried at the table was a basic Shepherd's Pie.   Maybe the carvery is the way to go (choose a meat, bread, and sauces), but it comes with zero vegetables so you have to order those separately.  Price-wise, beers run around $10 a pint for most of the microbrews, BUT if you can chug one in 7 seconds or less, it's free!  Hmmm, maybe we should have come here at the beginning of the weekend instead!  Expect to drop around $40 for a beer and a meal here all-in.   That's practically chump change for dinner in Vegas, plus you can wear shorts and flip flops!
3	A hip place (maybe too hip) that was way overpriced.The bartenders were cute, helpful and nice.  The beer selection was pretty good.  But, the beers were just not that fresh and were VERY expensive.  No one wanted to pay for the expensive pub grub ($18 for fish & chips), so we had a few beers and headed to Burger Bar at the Mandalay Bay.  It was much better (see my review if you like.)
5	We went here for dinner on a Saturday night after a long day of gambling and laying out in the pool (I know, such a hard life we have). They seated us right away (we were expecting to have to wait), and our waiter, Alex, came to us within the first 5 minutes of being seated. This pub is awesome, for all you beer loving drinkers, they carry about 48 different types of beer on tap and have a pretty large list of wines as well.I had the bison burger, my boyfriend had the chicken roasted pot pie and our friends had a shepards pie and the swordfish enchiladas. The bison burger was really good, it had the perfect amount of blue cheese and spice. The burger had a kick and it was so good and perfectly cooked! The chicken pot pie was really good as well. My boyfriend said that the vegetables were really fresh. It was well balanced and the chicken was cooked just perfectly. The swordfish enchiladas were yummy and the fish was very fresh, the salsa was homemade and flavorful. The shepards pie did not disappoint either. The mash potatoes were creamy and the flavor was excellent. We ended up having to wait for our food a bit longer (and we thought it was standard because we had ordered items that would take a while to make), but our waiter had told the manager about it and she came by, apologized for the wait (it really wasn't long at all) and offered to have us pick out drinks on the house. That is stellar customer service!  We will definitely be coming back here whenever we visit Vegas!
3	After wandering around on the Strip, we needed to get something to eat before we passed out. This was a good spot to settle down and have a brew at the bar. When we sat down, the first thing the tender said to us was if you can chug your first glass it will be free. Of course we thought he was joking until he came back. MY buddy took him up on the offer and chugged down an Apricot ale (which is delicious). To our surprise this is a normal thing and they even have time glasses at the bar. We only ordered apps, I seem to remember the pretzels being okay. Otherwise I thought this place was good and the bathrooms were nice and clean. That is always a plus.
4	This place is one of the few eateries in Aria that isn't snobby or stuffy. The atmosphere is comfortable and hip. Moreover, not everything on the menu will cost you an arm and a leg. We took advantage of the snacks and appetizer menu and were pleasantly surprised with the good-sized portion and gourmet quality of this otherwise casual restaurant. I recommend the lobster poppy ($13), which was our table's favorite dish for the night. The sandwiches are great too and come with a a variety of gourmet condiments like truffle oil mayo. I don't drink beer but from what I hear, the chocolate beer is worth tasting. Definitely worth a visit if you are looking for a relaxed place to enjoy a bite with friends.
4	I always stop by the Todd English PUB.  Their corndog app is delicious.  The "All American Beer" sampler is really good too.Good location too.  Have drinks, food and walk around the Vegas City Center.The only reason I didn't rate them 5 stars is because they are a bit expensive for a "pub" and the host and waiters don't seem to be working together...we didn't get menus or service until 5 minutes after we sat down.  The waitress arrived and said she didn't know we were in her section.
2	My husband and I went there on a rainy afternoon on July 11th hoping to enjoy our last day in Las Vegas.  The pub itself is nice, great atmosphere, servers very friendly, food is simply OK.  I had Sheppard's Pie, extremely sweet which was odd to me as the English version is completely different and what I'm used to.  My husband had fish taco's and said they were good. I'd give the other items on the menu a try as the menu really did look good.........BUT would I go back, not quite sure.  I ordered an Ice Tea and not two minutes after it being delivered while in my hand the glass exploded and it sounded like a bomb had gone off.  I was still holding the goblet in my hand but the stem and most of the glass was everywhere including my wrist!  Did I need stitches NO but I had blood running down my arm, on the table and it scared the hell out of me and my husband.  Now was this the Servers fault........NO but what I found tasteless and very unprofessional was the Managers concern.  He merely came over, inspected my wrist and said "are you OK?" when I replied yes he got me a band-aid and we never saw him again.  Our hotel covered all our meals but that is NOT the point.  Our bill came to only $48.65 and what he should have done was said "please come back for dinner ON US"....not the hotel, come back and I'll serve you a fantastic dinner simply because you had such a weird experience.  NOPE nothing, not even I'm sorry for your experience. Our Server Damon E however was wonderful, caring and very concerned.  I now have a scar on my wrist, it hurt the entire rest of our trip.  Should I have gone to the hospital, not really as there was nothing they could have done.  But for a Manager to have such little concern for his patrons is a shame.  It's HIM I should have reported to their headquarters and commend the Server for his quality of care.  Maybe I will do exactly that!
4	The build-your-own sandwich thing on the menu was really yummy. I had the turkey and my bf had the corned beef. Both were really tender. The black truffle mayo on the side was also really tasty. They have a huge beer menu if you're in to that kind of thing. I wish the ambiance had been more cozy and pub-like, but it was still nice. Our server was very nice and attentive. The food came out really quickly. It wasn't crowded when we went for lunch and I found the prices to be reasonable for Las Vegas.
1	Overpriced crap!Experience:The staff was very friendly.  I loved the ambiance and decor.  However, I don't go to restaurants for the ambiance and decor.Food:They do a great job on the sides, but fail miserably on the main entree.  I ordered the following:1. Bison burger- they put way too much blue cheese, it over powers the burger.  I had to cut off the top of the patty, because it was making me nausea2. Steak tacos- the steak was over cooked, which made it too chewy.  The grilled corn and black bean mix was really good, but I don't like spending $20 for corn and beans3. Side of mac and cheese- great, but it takes a lot to mess up mac&cheese4. Chicken parm sliders- decent, but nothing specialOverall:I tried this place 3 times, because I really wanted to like it.  Unfortunately, I would have to say 3 strikes and they're out!  For the price I expected more, not crap bar food I can get from Uno's Pizzeria.
3	Despite how good the food was, and it was AMAZING. The service was awful. Our waitress wasnt really interested in helping us. She forgot half of one of the orders at our table, it took almost 10 mins to get water. Then when I ordered a black and tan she brought me a full guiness because the Bass keg was empty and they needed to change it... ummm yea wouldnt you ask before you assume?Not to mention it took forever for her to return with our checks.
3	This is a pretty decent stop when you're in the City Center. They have a huge selection of beers, and they have peanuts on the tables. I don't know why, but I love a bar where you can throw peanut shells on the floor...but I digress. I've had the burgers here and tasted the fish & chips. Both were really good, flavorful, and filling. Of course, the prices are high as well. The service (at the bar at least) lacks a bit because they have 2 - 3 people assigned to one section. This creates a lot of chaos and interruptions, when you've just told one server something and the next guy comes and asks you, and then another one. If you go, sit at a table for a better experience.
4	My friends and I recently went to Vegas and had a group (of 13) dinner at the P.U.B. The atmosphere was nice and the guys in the group were impressed with the very large beer selection. I had the Rojo Sangria and I'm so happy I did. It was honestly the best I've ever had. I normally go for the white, but the description bent me to the red. They have a raw bar to choose seafood from. I'm not a seafood fan, but a couple people in the group got oysters and shrimp and they said they enjoyed it. Our server was lovely. I wish I remembered his name. He was super helpful and honestly steered us away from the Shepard's pie and swordfish. No one tried either, we're assuming for the better.I had the Pot Pie. It was pretty legit. It was nice and creamy and to my surprise had cheese in it. (Luckily I am a big cheese fan.) One of my favorite parts to a pot pie is the bottom crest that gets soaked in the gravy. Unfortunately, this pot pie is only covered with a puff pastry that was cooked separately. It was still really good though. Almost half our our table tried the fresh cut meat sandwiches (what I think they are known for). A few got the brisket on challah and really enjoyed it. My fiance got the crispy duck w/ challah and was very happy with his duck. All in all it was a great time!
4	Great lunch spot.  Huge portions!  The truffle mayo is amazing, and the blue cheese spread very good aswell.  I got the sliders and had a bite of the grilled cheese.  Both were great.  It comes with a huge portion of fries... wish I would have know that sweet potato fries were an option.  They looked so good!  Service was fast and attentive.
2	This place is way overrated. We came here for brunch.  We ordered the Duck buns and brown butter lobster rolls and a side of fries. Started out with two pints of Maudite (heck its Vegas!) The service took its time and we had to wait for our food. The duck buns were good and the meat was nicely shredded with a nice dollop of Hoison Sauce. As for the main course the lobster rolls were a disappointment. The meat tasted like it had been sitting for a while and though drenched in brown butter it was missing taste and the portions were small. We split the second pint. The beer selection is good but the prices are high. So for 2 people without a significant amount of food or drinks we ended up paying over 1$$ which is ridiculous for a pub. I guess I am one of the few people who doesn't like gastro pub craze that's sweeping the nation. If the food is done right and a portions are fulfilling I would have no complaints but just jacking up the price while serving mediocre fusion food is unacceptable.
4	Impressed for sure!The Dirty Chips were freak'n bomb! I couldn't stop snacking down on them. Reading my friend's review, i decided to get the 1/2 pastrami, w/ bread, and black truffle mayo and the horseradish. And it was pretty damn good. The black truffle mayo was a great dipping sauce. Sadly the sauce didn't last long since i was dipping everything in there.  Next time I'll request 2 black truffle mayo. And the pastrami was also really good. Tender. The 1/2 order was still to much for me. haha.Beer: I don't remember what beer we got, but they have a good selection. I just remember the pitcher of delerium tremens cost $60. hahaService: GoodNot bad. I'll be back for sure! I want some more dirty chips!!! haha
4	We were staying at Aria and we stopped in on a Saturday night and had some delicious eats! My husband got the most AMAZING Chicken Pot Pie I have ever had. I couldn't keep my hands off of it and I was so sad I didn't order it for myself. He was so annoyed with me moaning and groaning at how fabulous it was. I was tempted all weekend to go back and just order one to go, so I could enjoy it in the privacy of my own room. It was THAT good! I got the fish and chips, they were fantastic, but totally were a second thought after I had a taste of the pot pie! Our friends got the mini sliders, BLT, and corn dog nuggets that were all wonderful as well. If you're into Bud Light and Coors Light or simple beers like that, you won't be that happy with the beer selection. There are tons of beer, but the most simple beer for you would be a Corona. I love to have different beers, so it was nice to have one there.The ambiance is good, it was a fun place and I would go back in a heartbeat! Perhaps good ole Todd, would want to send me a pot pie in the mail??????
3	we stayed at city center and had some time to kill between check out and our flight so we went here bc it was super close..to continue with our one meal a day during this trip.. we split the apps..-chicken wings: had a nice kick from the spice-corn dog puppies: mini corndogs with fries.. i liked these the best-roast beef sliders: only thought these were ok this isn't a place i'd crave on my next visit but i wouldn't mind giving it another shot..
4	We went here for our last dinner in Vegas! It is a nice Pub between ARIA and Crystal's Shopping Center. Atmosphere is very laid back, relaxed. Staff was really friendly, place was nice and clean. I had a great dining experience.I had the Roast Beef Mini Burgers! It was yum! A couple of my friends got the skirt steak! And the popcorn they give you when you first sit down is awesome!! lol. I would def go back here and I would recommend this place to anyone I know!
3	Location:  P.U.B was very accommodating to our party of 18.  There was no wait and our table was set up perfectly.  The servers were tentative. Food:  I still ordered the Lobster Rolls even after some of the negative reviews on Yelp that they changed there bread from a nice toasted brioche to a soggy sweet hawaiian dinner roll.  I expressed my concern regarding the bread and he assured me that they switched back to their original recipe and bread.  Wrong!  It was the same sweet hawaiian dinner roll.  Not worth it for $24!  It definitely does not compare to the delicious Lobster Rolls from Boston.      The appetizers were good.  Go for the Shepard's pie.  You can't go wrong with this hearty and satisfying dish.Overall, good for groups, great beer selection.  Food...just so so.  I give this place 3 stars.
3	The Chefs eating food from the pass area was unappetizing. All three of them were snacking the entire time we were there. (for non industry folks, the pass is the table top where the food for the dinning room comes from). But I am sure I am the only one who noticed in my party and it did not stop everyone from chowing down. I got the pastrami slider dish with perfectly crisp fries, my dad the fish and chips and my uncle the cobb salad. In a previous visit my husband and I ordered several appetizers and (quite a few) a beer or two. They have a great beer selection and the flight option is a good idea if your a beer novice. Just tighten up the snacking off the plates and you'll get that 4th star from me.
4	When I worked at City Center, I had far too many energy drinks before my shift. And on an empty stomach, this got me shaky, anxious, and I was absolutely ravenous and I had a strong desire for some delicious food! I've always wanted to try something at P.U.B. and a client recommended the Lobster Rolls.At $24, its the priciest thing on the menu. But as a lover of lobster and everything luxurious, I had to order these. I got them to-go so I didn't get the P.U.B. experience. But the service I received was good. The bartender quickly retrieved my order and had me on my way so I could go back to work to enjoy my meal.Nothing about this dish was healthy. The rich, buttery, flavorful goodness was everything I expected. It was served with a fresh slaw which cut the fattiness of the rolls and fresh kettle chips which were crunchy and absolutely addicting.I would definitely come back! Next time I'll be dining in and getting an ice cold beer to go with it. (not during work hours of course!) ;)
4	Three words.  Black truffle mayo!!  Omg!  Love love love!  The prime rib sandwich was amazing!!!!!!  Biggest serving of sliced prime rib, your choice of bread, and two sauces!  Definitely get the black truffle mayo!!  The fondue was good too!  A friend of mine also highly recommends the horseradish!!  I'm usually not big on sandwiches at dinnertime, but I definitely would order that again!!  For appetizers, we did the oast duck buns!!!  Awesome!!  And this chick is not a beer drinker but I had to do the fruit and chocolate beer sampler!  Yup.... Beer that tasted like fruit and chocolate!  Uh, the chocolate, not so good.  But the raspberry and peach beer.... Tasted like juice!!! Fun atmosphere, good food, good service!!
5	round two and todd english's PUB is still churning out great food!Ordered the fish & chips, and the clams again. The clams are still phenomenal! Juicy, flavorful, tender, and HUGE. I wasn't even hungry but I kept dunking the bread back into the sweet ambrosia of a sauce. Fish & Chips looked scary at first because I've had too many horrible ones that looked like the ones you get from PUB but boyyy was this delish!! Tender flakey fish and a crunchy crust. The chips were SO-SO, but the slaw that came on the side made up for that. Usually i don't like slaw but this one had peas, and green beans in it with a light and tangy flavor.Next round will be the raw bar!
2	I hold the Duke status for this place, but am fully willing to relinquish it. Like many restaurants that start out so good and degrade into mediocrity, TE PUB has followed miserably. My primary complaint about the place is the attitude of the wait staff and hostesses. The snooty arrogance of this place does not turn me on. There are a couple of friendly bartenders but most of the wait staff seems annoyed at best. One hostess in particular might be the worst in town. Last time we went my friend ordered fries that tasted like they hadn't changed the oil in the fryer in a week. Too bad, I used to like this place it was my go to joint when clients were in town.
3	came here for dinner on night two of a bachlorette party.  made reservations and seated right by the door which i was a little perturbed by.  but friends head up, the portion sizes are ginormous here.  i can eat and i barely ate half my shepard's pie.  i should have shared with my pal who had eaten about the same on her pie.  felt really bad since i couldn't exactly get a doggie bag.  oh yes, the dirty fries are a must for a group.  greasy potato chips and some chicken liver.  what's not to love?  $2 oysters!
5	My husband and I went to PUB for lunch in Vegas during our last visit. I'd been dying to try this place since it opened and it did not disappoint.We love Strongbow (sucker for this sweet English summer nectar) and its unusual to find it on draft in the US but PUB had it. We started with Duck Rolls which were gorgeous, light fluffy and so tasty, I could have eaten 50. My hubby had the lobster rolls which were delightful and I had fish and chips which were the best fish and chips I've ever tasted (and I'm English). Our server tempted us into a bread pudding desert which was just heavenly. Speaking of our server *(Alex) he was awesome, attentive and looked after us the entire time. No complaints here on the service.Lunch was typical Vegas prices but for the experience, it was well worth it!
2	First of all, could you make this place more difficult to get to from the strip?  Typical English Pub beer selection that you would find in any US English pub.  Waitress informed us that they offer the only cask beer in all of Nevada.  The free popcorn was a nice touch but my friend said they were stale.  I thought they were just fine.  Excited to see that they offered a buffalo burger but was disappointed when all I tasted was the blue cheese slathered on it.  A previous reviewer on here made the same comment about the cheese I noticed.  I will probably go back if I feel the need to trek 18 plus minutes off of the strip to get there.
5	Amazing my husband and I frequent it every time in Vegas!!!! The sandwich board is the best we get a lb. of whatever meat we want and share it..
5	Best las vegas - hangover - brunch/lunch place. Everything looked and tasted like heaven. The super deep fried dirty chips, lobster rolls, fries, sandwiches, burgers, and pastrami sliders cured every ounce of pain I was feeling.
4	Nice food (had the brisket yesterday...duck today), cool atmosphere. When staying at the Aria, this is a casual no-brainer.
4	Great food and large drink list!  The portions are quite large and one entree could easily be split for two people.  I recommend the mussels with bread and my friend said her bloody mary was one of the best she's ever had!
1	Where else can you find a $32 pitcher of PBR!  served by a pretentious bartender?   The prices are ridiculous and the service isn't too good either.  Even happy hr isn't worth it.  Didn't even get to the food whats the point.
2	An expansive beer list but thats about all it has going for it. The food reads better than it tastes. The 'dirty' chips were a must order based on the ingredients, but  it was so huge it got tiring eating it. Was good though. The foot long kobe dog was all bread and it being kobe made no discernable difference in taste. Service seemed peppy at first but quickly deteriorated..maybe we smelled or something.
5	Stopping at PUB for lunch while on vacation wasn't a planned move for us but will definitely be a scheduled stop next time my boyfriend and I are in town.  We weren't famished when we showed up and really just wanted a little lunch to hold us over. I ordered the fish and chips and couldn't have asked for anything better.  The fish was HUGE, really, and fried perfectly!  It was served with a highly complimenting malt vinegar aioli and "English style chips."  My boyfriend ordered the hot dog and he couldn't stop talking about it!  I'm not a big hot dog kinda gal but I did try it... twice!Our biggest problem at PUB was trying to decide what we wanted to order.  They have such a great selection we really can't wait to go back!
1	Food is expensive and tastes like @$$. I seriously had better food from swansons microwaveable dinners. Plus the beer is very expensive and you get barely any. Way better places out there.
2	Bad service, so so food. The waitress was covered in tattoos and piercings, which always make me lose my appetite. I ordered soup to start, which was delivered without a spoon. It took me five minutes to flag down a service person, who was surly, not apologetic, as he dropped a teaspoon onto the table and vanished. What happened to soup spoons? The chicken dumplings were good, as was the lobster cocktail. The overhead music was too loud.
3	No tomato juice. I am already pissed. Waiter seems to be a bit snobby. My cold cold martini was cool at best. 2 stars so far...glass was not even chilled.ugh, waiter way too dismissive for me. raw bar pricey but excellent. Onion rings nice spice but not hot in temperature...... They took my fork away! Had to eat delicious pot sticker with a knife. Butter with pretzels sucked. Had to ask for mustard. Now we're talking! Drank my son in laws very good franziskaner from munich. Roast beef sliders and creamed spinach excellent. Chicken Parma sliders missing spice. Skinny fries they're good.not excited over the fish and chips! Taste terrible can't eat it. Looked like the blob on a plate. I love fish and chips. I figured they would be safe... I was wrong. Left it on the plate. Beef sliders were better than average but the fries influenced them. Wife's wine was good . Boddington white ale was as wonderful as always- says daughter #1. wife said we should have gone for Asian food. Seems like bill was forced on us. We called ahead and when they asked we said it WAS a special occasion. Why ask? They did absolutely nothing. Out of 4 eaters the average raring was 2.8. Bill was $180 tipped....$30. We Wont likely be back, sorry Todd...
4	I've been back twice. I have accepted that the service is slow, but the food keeps getting better. And I haven't seen a single chef eat from the pass. I am addicted to the Hot Wings! But order the dressing on the side, it's too hard to dip when spread out on a hot plate.
3	Came here with a big group of 16 people and 2 kids. Service was pretty good for a large party...and maybe because we also had a high roller at our table. lol. Anyway, food was okay. Nothing too special. I got the ribeye, which was really plain, but presentation was nice. The best thing on that dish was the potato wedges smashed together covered in spinach. My bf got the chicken, which again was really plain/tasteless alone. My dad got the prime roast and again it was flavorless. If you use the sauce it was really salty, there was no perfect balance. My friend got the salmon, which was cooked right, the only thing cooked right and not plain. The skin was nice and crunchy too. I don't think every one really loved their food. It was okay. I think I'd prefer a buffet... variety! But this place is good for their selection of beers and drinks! Big place, was able to accommodate us last minute.
5	The Chicken Pot Pie is best thing on the menu! Every time we visit Vegas we always have to make a pit stop here for the pot pie. The service is pretty good here as well too.
4	I stopped in here for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised.  It's a large, casual space with really friendly staff.  I sat at the bar and ordered chicken wings and sliders.  Both were very good.  I also liked the free peanuts and the fact that you can throw the shells on the floor!They had about 30 beers on tap.  The great selection of interesting craft beers was impressive.I'd definitely come back for happy hour or a regular meal if I'm in the mood for an upscale casual dining experience.
4	Alrighty- let's be real, it's a gastropub. You go here because you want something to sop up the alcohol floating or about to be ridden in your system. If you're wanting haute cuisine, it shouldn't be your destination point. But then again- if you're in Vegas and you're wanting haute cuisine and then decide to go to a place with the word "PUB" in it, then you're totally off the radar and need a tour guide or something. But I digress....P.U.B is one of my total mainstays when I'm in Vegas. Now granted, I have somewhat of a blurred point of view regarding Vegas seeing as how  my family lives there and I'm there practically there half of my year, but I have to say- I rarely have found a place in Vegas where I crave a specific thing over and over again. And it has got to be the Dirty Chips at PUB. Think about how mind-blowingly amazing it must have been for Todd English to put THAT together. (b/w you and me, it HAD to have been after a night of him being stoned off his mind or something). House made kettle chips, blue cheese, cheese sauce, pancetta, green onions, and fried chicken livers- yes, you heard me correctly- fried chicken livers! It is like a stoner's fantasy. But even if you're not a chicken liver fan- the chips are to die for. I mean- I would actually kill for them right now! Really. No...really! Other than that, everything else I've had there has been delicious. The Pot Pie. The Shepherd's Pie. The Onion Rings. Now I didn't have that all in one sitting....what am I? A heifer? But the true nature of the PUB is the chill atmosphere and to top it off, and amazing selection of beers. I highly recommend sitting at the bar to eat and you can get some one-on-one edumacation about some of the beers and sometimes they serve limited quantity, hand-crafted beers, and you can sometimes ask to taste some. To top it off, they actually have a great wine selection too. For those non-beer drinkers who don't feel like being gassy. Cause in Vegas....sometimes gassy is NOT classy.
3	very vast selection of beer. A++all their food portions are huge.their pot roast pot pie was to die for!!!all of my friends got their sliders which were superb too.only thing to complain about is the attention of the service which was very inattentive. it's right next to Aria though, so you can go play some slots while your waiting for the food.
3	I was in charge of picking a place for dinner for our group of 8 for a recent trip to Vegas and trying to be budget and fun concious for everyone, I decided on this place.  I was a bit disconcerted by the either really high or really low reviews on yelp, so I had no idea what to expect coming in.  Starting out though, the decor was interesting with a mix of high celining and tile floor brasserie and modern english pub styles.When we arrived we were promptily seated despite not having everyone in our group there.  We ordered a few drinks to keep us occupied as we perused the interesting menu.  Unfortunately our waiter wasn't quite as attentive as I would've liked, but I may blame that on some of our group showing up late and maybe he was thinking we'd wait for them. Over the night, we did also wait a little longer than usual for drink orders. I had a nice little find in Newcastle's Werewolf though.Foodwise, I was severely disappointed no one at our table wanted the dirty chips. I knew I stood no chance against them alone, so I directed my efforts elsewhere. Oh well... the wife decided to get the ahi poke on wonton chips, which the tuna was nice and fresh but it lacked in seasoning and the wontons were kind of greasy and stale.  I also had a taste of someone's pretzel and wit whiz (I would imagine that means it is supposed to have some witbeer in it). The pretzel had a nice chew, but the whiz was pretty bland.  Fortunately I ordered the pastrami along with the truffle mayo and blue cheese fondue.  The pastrami alone would've given this place at least a 4.  It is super juicy and tender, not too salty, and just a hint of smoke and spice.  The truffle mayo isn't mind blowingly good, but its pretty tasty.  The blue cheese fondue was easily forgotten in favor of the mayo.  The two slices of thick cut rye were just about right for making 2 open face sandwiches with just enough extra pastrami to nibble on its own.  Despite the make it yourself method, at $16 this is a pretty good deal considering the quantity and quality.  The wife had the BLT sliders, but with my full plate I unfortunately didn't have the desire to try them.After we finished up eating we met up with an even larger group of our friends and the beer chugging, shots, and beer pong commenced.  Overall, a pretty good place to start out a night with some tasty, filling food and some drinks that still leaves you some money for the craps table.
4	Oh yeah. Worth the wait. Abso-crunchy-lisciously roll your eyeballs backwards three Xs scrumptious.That almost describes TE's mini corn dogs. I love them "Maui French fry-style" (mix the ketchup with the mustard.) Boyfriend tosses em back with full strength Dijon. Since I missed out on my Michael Mina lobster corn dog this trip, I was aching for these mini morsels.Todd English PUB is a great mix of fun, food and nice service. It's a great rest stop from fancy dining. The pub smokes their meats and Boyfriend enjoys the French dip sammie. This time around my daughter-in-law and I shared their grilled bologna sandwich. Yes AFTER the corn dogs. Yum! TE also mixes in fun. Sit at the bar and under lit 7-second egg timers challenge you to their beer chug contest. Down a pint before the last grain of sand hits bottom and you win a second pint free! They also have a beer pong ball machine - think gum ball machine filled with logo'ed pingpong balls - for more fun and games. They might not encourage responsible drinking but hey! This is Vegas baby!This is a solid four star for food and fun!
3	We ate lunch here on our last day since it was in our hotel.The $2 oysters were a great deal & really good. We split a roasted turkey sandwich from the "carvery" section. It was hands-down one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The turkey was absolutely delicious. I'd give this place more stars if it weren't for the service. We sat outside & had 4 different waiters during our 40 minute lunch. It was a little bizarre. We also ordered sweet potato fries that were unfortunately forgotten about. Prices were very reasonable & I'd probably come back if I stayed in the area again.
4	This is a great modern iteration of the classic pub... Todd English has brought gourmet to pub and the result is a fun and tasty experience.  The beer selections are fantastic!  Lots of interesting options, now including Napa Smith Organic IPA.  Food:  Must try the pretzels with cheese, the pot sticker apptzer.  Also sliders and of course fish n chips.  We had table of 5 and ordered a bunch of stuff to share.  Go into this thinking "pub food with flair".Will definitely be back.
4	Low key vibe, more carnivorous options than a butcher shop, plenty of TVs showing every sporting event in the world, and affordable prices - this is Todd English P.U.B. While in Vegas I had done my fair share of spending way too much on cuisine...hey, it's not difficult to do. So, imagine my delight when hubs and I checked out this spot and left full, happy and not broke. Bonus!Service was efficient, smiley and helpful. Our server led us through the menu and provided solid suggestions. I went with the 8 oz. size of corned beef - which offered a hefty amount of meat on the tasty challah bread I chose. Ad for my accompaniments, the black truffle mayo, horseradish and pickled veggies went very well with my stack 'o beef. Fries were decent overall but frankly, you are probably coming here for the myriad of meat options. The corned beef is certainly on point. Todd English P.U.B. is especially refreshing as it's not overpriced or overdone. When I find myself back in Vegas, I'll certainly come back for another sandwich and brew!
3	We came here because I heard they served a mean lobster roll... Let's put it this way. I'd never order the lobster roll again. It was more like a roll with a bit of lobster. You are served 3 of them on a thick Hawaiian type roll.The duck buns to start were great, as was the complimentary popcorn that lasted about 2 seconds. The atmosphere is open and large but overall I'd didn't love this restaurant and highly preferred Todd English Olives at Bellagio for lunch.
4	I gave PUB 4 stars because the food was upscale casual without being fussy, our server was super friendly and fun, and the beer list is outstanding - including a nice fruity pear bear that I love.  Also had Firestone, which is where our friend works.  I had the chicken pot pie, despite my lactose intolerance.  It was super delicious - my husband ended up eating half of it - big portions, succulently roasted chicken, vegetables, a nice veloute, and puff pasty.  He had a burger and proclaimed it to be tasty.  We had the onion ring appetizer, which was really good.  The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming, we watched Game 2 of the World Series, so it's sports-lover-friendly.  The value of the food was good.  Vegas strip food is overpriced, but at least here you feel like you got a good meal from it.  Laid back, casual, and fun.  Highly recommend!
3	HEFTYLike eating a mimosa brunch buffet wasn't enough. Girlfriends and I opted for something low-key and near the City Center in LV. We hauled out 4-5 boxes full of left over food outta Todd's. Todd English P.U.B is unique for a gastropub being divided up into three categories: The Carvery (meats), The Grill (house specialties), and the Raw Bar (all seafood).Do get: - Dirty Chips - A mountain of potato chip nachos, drenched in melted bleu cheese, bacon, and little balls of fried chicken liver. Tasty, but OH MY GAW.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dn_ipqbm7_jUz5X3rDez_A?select=MVU5PL5K_-K0Da1uDjUJnw- Raw Oysters - $2 each. Simple, delicious, no complaints here- Lobster Roll - Another delicious dish - luscious pieces of mayo-ed lobster piled on 3 mini hawaiian bread-type rolls Do not get:(Sadly, my dish of) the 1/2 serving of the lamb: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dn_ipqbm7_jUz5X3rDez_A?select=hZ9a-iO3R_ssTZHELPDO0wAlthough still noticeably huge, it was chewy and pretty bland. I had a choice of choosing the black truffle mayo [there wasn't enough (synthetic) truffle oil, I tasted no truffle] and apple butter sauce. Also, DO NOT take those dirty chips home. Ever bit into a soggy bleu cheese chip? Not the smartest to decision to take this to-go, but if an after-club inebriated snack still tastes bad -- it's really freakin' bad.We all synchronized the nasty-what-the-eff-did-i-eat face.Don't be greedy and share your food here.
4	Todd English P.U.B. was just what I needed to have an escape from the escape of Vegas.  Sometimes, the glitz and the glamor is fun and all, but geez, sometimes a girl just needs a good beer.  Thankfully this place is here because as a craft beer lover, I have a refuge from all the cosmos and sparkling champagne.  I was quite content in my jeans and t-shirt, just being me.The food is very good.  Not over the top, but casual food.  I had the lamb sandwich from the carvery.  It was very tender and the apple chutney and blue cheese fondue made excellent sauce choices.  There was a variety of bread to choose from and challah seemed like the best choice.  The sweet potato fries were very crisp and hot too!  Oh, on a whim I had an oyster shooter.  A oyster with cocktail sauce swimming in vodka and a splash of beer sounded like a perfect idea.This place really shines on beer though.  Although it is not the ultimate craft beer bar in the world, it is different from all the other bars in Vegas.  You can get flights and I was impressed they had cask beer.
4	Two words: cast beer.  Beer that is conditioned in casks is naturally carbonated, and often has a thicker mouthfeel and flavor.  I had the casked Black Butte Porter, and it was amazing!  Served at room temperature, and not very carbonated, you could taste all of the fine flavors in this well crafted porter.  It was a bad choice for my Tomato and Onion salad with blue cheese dressing, but it was worth it!The beer choices are some of the best on The Strip, and they are the only establishment serving casked beer.  I probably would have settled with a 3 star review, but that fact is pretty impressive. The food was pretty good.  I only had that Tomato and onion salad, which is just that.. two thick slices of yummy tomato and two slices of onion.  It is more of an appetizer than a real salad.  I probably wouldn't order that weird thing again, but all of my friends enjoyed their dishes.  Most of it was upscale burger and sandwich type things.  Ah, and they serve popcorn as a complimentary appetizer. :)The biggest downside to Todd English is the pricing.  It's steep, let's face it.  It's also on The Strip, where overpricing is the norm, so Todd's gets a pass.  The fact of the matter is for me that this is an establishment aimed at the craft beer drinker, and that alone has won my heart!  Cheers, Todd English!
3	Lobster roll is yumz but overpriced!!I redeemed with 7 second beer challenge 2X!!Casual laid back atmosphere is a nice break!!
4	Wife and I wanted something we could take back to our room for dinner. Decided on TE Pub since it was at the base of Aria and we were feeling something simple, I ordered the chicken parm sliders and skinny fries, she got the chicken tacos and rice.I received 3 sliders and a very small salad, wish it was a bit larger portion as the sliders lacked any greens on them, still tasty though. Their fries were also very good, light crisp on the outside. Wife enjoyed her tacos and the rice that came on the side was a very generous portion. The bill ran us about $40 with no drinks, so a bit on the high side, but the quality and portioning were quite good.
2	I live locally so I have been here often and would be dining here if the food was better...much better.  I give 2 stars because every time I come here the bartenders are always cool.  Although, I have never seen the same bartender twice.  The last time I was there (2 nights ago) our bartender was Chrystal and she was very friendly and well imformed.  She was on it when it came to working and serving guests so I would give her 5 stars but unfortunatly she works at Todd English's PUB.  I went here because I was craving fish and chips and even though I knew the food was not so good I figured they had to get fish and chips right because it's an english PUB.  I was wrong.  It was so terrible and since Chrystal was a very good bartender, I shut my mouth sucked it up (later yack it up) and ate what edible parts I could of my flavorless fish and cold over cooked hard chips, that cost $20!  There was a couple next to us at the bar that ordered the DIRTY NACHOS (which looked disgusting) and after a bite or two they returned them.  So all in all go here for the great bartenders and the endless peanuts and even a free beer if you can down it in 7 seconds.JUST EAT BEFORE YOU COME HERE OR AFTER.  The food is just bad :(
1	Went here to have some lunch and finish watching football last Sunday. Service was poor... waited 10 minutes after being seated. My wife  left and came back with the manager. Our server cut them off and said " I'm ready to take your order"... Should have left then. Food is OK, service is ... ridiculous
5	I really can't say enough good things about this place.  It's not that expensive - this is Vegas after all - and the food is excellent, service prompt and efficient and ambience comfortable.  Highly recommend the onion rings And the homemade donuts for dessert.  Convenient location in the middle of the Vegas strip.  Will definitely return
4	Had a $50 GC from our hotel reservation website that was good for redemption at any store or restaurant at the Crystals center. Sooo we walked through debated between Mastro's, Beso, and Todd English. Glad we chose this place because it's probably the most laid back of all the choices. With Louis Vuoitton, Prada & Gucci stores within walking distance, this place was eerily normal. Wait staff friendly, set up table for six with no wait, dining room was pretty full. We ordered appetizers: onion rings (plate of like six HUGE seriously the size of a grown mans hand) and pot stickers. Both were reeeeally good. Two of us had the ribeye, they liked it. The rest of us had burgers- the Pub Burger is excellent, Fatty fries awesome. The chicken blt looked really good, but he didn't like the skinny fries they're infused with some sort of blue cheese seasoning. And the other person didn't care for her buffalo burger because it was drowning in blue cheese. Overall, really good!
5	I go to Vegas 2-3 times a year and have enjoyed many of Todd English's restaurant's all over the country.  This was my first visit to PUB and all I can say is WOW.  I didn't know what to expect from this place but it became clear to me how perfect this restaurant was in every way.  The location is great, easy to get to from Aria, the Crystals, the Cosmopolitan and the Strip.  The atmosphere is casual and it is perfect for Vegas.  It envelopes you, takes over you, and is easy to get into the relaxed, casual, PUB atmosphere that so many other restaurants try so hard to replicate but none get as good as English.  But don't be fooled, because I haven't mentioned the food yet, and the food is the STAR of the show!  I had an order of dumplings that were better than Wing Lei at the Wynn.  The burgers are delicious and the entrees as good as any of the more "formal" restaurants around town, including English's own Olives at the Bellagio.  So even if you are not a drinker, this place is for you.  But if you do drink, the beer list is incredible.  This restaurant fires on all cylinders and is now permanently on my must go list for any Vegas trip.  It is equally appropriate for guys night out, a couple's date, a family dinner & solo dining.  No other restaurant can do all that.
1	Well, that was disappointing.The 4 of us are looking for a spot for dinner in Vegas. We've been wanting to try Todd English for over a year so we decide to meet up there. I walk in and stand for at least 5 minutes without a hostess being at the front. Eventually both hostess come back together and I am not joking both ignore me as I am standing 2 feet away, with a line behind me. Thankfully the (executive?) chef comes by and all of the sudden the hostess see I'm standing. We are then seated. Upon examining the beer list on the menu/chalkboards we still have a few questions so when our waitress comes by we ask her about the "trappists" beers they carry. The menu just says Rochefort, and I ask her which of the Rochefort's she carries but she has no idea. After checking she comes back and tells us it's the Rochefort "8" (which by the way is the worst of the three that the brewery makes, why would you carry that one). So we decide on Dechutes The Abyss instead. For some reason she only rudely asks for my ID, even though my friends and I are all the same age, watch out ABC. 5 Minutes later she comes back and informs us that they are all out of the Abyss...of course...  Since the rest of their beer list is very boring and unoriginal I'm forced to order an Arrogant Bastard. My friends order their beers and she runs away as I am trying to order Appetizers. I flag her down and order some sliders and pretzels. Our beers come out and I immediately know that beer I ordered is wrong. Its much much darker than it is supposed to be and tastes nothing like the Arrogant Bastard. I try to find my waitress but to no avail. So i set my beer on the edge of the table, fully untouched, but she ignores it. A food runner drops off our "toasted"pretzels and they are stone cold. Worse than any pretzel I have ever had in my life. I place our untouched pretzels with the beer at the edge of the table praying to God someone will take them away from us. But of course they never do, and I am forced to sit staring at them.The sliders and fries were actually pretty good, but they use Heinz ketchup, which is a big no-no for any gastropub. As we sit hungry and thirsty we decide that our dinner will have to take place somewhere else. Its easily an hour since we walked into the Pub and our waitress hasn't taken our entree order.  She then comes by and asks us how everything is, when there is 3 untouched beers and the pretzels at the end of the table. We simply ask for the check and she leaves without saying a word. She then brings the bill and drops it off without a word. With our dishes still waiting to be taken away. We pay the bill and leave.I will never return to this place even though I love the concept and am in Vegas all the time. This is an extremely poor rendition of a gastropub. Hire some employees that actually care about what they are doing. Don't brag about "you don't carry bad beers like bud" when you actually DO carry terrible beers that are just as widely distributed as bud. I would not describe them as a craft beer bar.
3	Hate the food but love the beer. Hence the 3 stars. This has the midwest bar-type feel in the very modern city center. Hidden in a corner of crystals and actually connected to Aria, this place can actually be missed pretty easily if you're not paying attention. The food is okay, for the price ..definitely not good but like I said, just come for the beer and the venue.
3	This place has my personal all time favorite beer on tap...Pyramid's Apricot Ale....which you cannot even buy in the bottle where I live.  I was so lost in my beer that nothing else mattered.  I remember ordering the pastrami sliders, skinny fries and a side of blue cheese fondue to dip my fries in.  The food was decent but I didn't care as long as I had my dear friend apricot ale to hold and sip.  I was so sad when it was gone I ordered another one.  The place seemed a little over priced but after all this is Vegas.
3	When you walk for a little over two hours in the maze of the Strip casinos like a modern Daedalus AFTER running a half-marathon and almost being trampled by an angry crowd - you are HUNGRY.And thirsty.For beer, in my case.We had set our views on Todd English PUB before race, thinking that it was far enough from Mandalay Bay to be spared by runners. And since we had parked our car in the Aria - we just had to eat ourselves silly, roll out of the restaurant and into the car, set autopilot to the hotel and go to bed.Easy enough.But the place was totally hopping when we arrived, and we were told that it would be a 45-minute wait. Bummer. Fear not, dear friends. We managed to grab seats at the bar, sit down (felt like heaven) and went to business.The place is nice and definitely "urban pub"-like. And the menu was quite appetizing (but what wouldn't be after such an ordeal?); I ordered just before the last call a glorious shepherd's pie that was probably the best I have had in my life. Big chunks of beef AND lamb in a luscious ragu sauce, fluffy potatoes, generous layer of melted cheese - the ultimate comfort meal. But it was $18. OK. I get it. You are paying for the name, and the craft.But when you go on the beer menu and see that a pint of PBR is priced $9 - you have to wonder. Who are they kidding here? Fine, we are in Vegas. On the Strip. But PBR is PBR. I couldn't get over it. I ended up choosing the only "reasonable" choice on this insanely extravagant drink menu - a combo PBR tall boy and a shot of Jameson for $14.Slots machines are definitely not the only money traps out there.
4	We went back for happy hour the day after our first visit.  Pints were half price and cheap(er) beer always make me happy.  We ordered the Oysters Rockefeller and they were amazing!  I could have eaten the spinach topping with a spoon!I really enjoy the atmosphere of this place.  It was comfortable, sports were on tv and the service was quick and friendly.
5	Based only on beers, this is the only place in nv that serves cask beer.  What a treat!  They have a very large selection of craft beers as well as trappist beers. Definately a beer afficionado's heaven. Todd English u continue to impress.  Plus you get complementary popcorn.
5	great spot to stop by for dollar beers on the 12 bars of christmas !!  1dollar blue moons !!  enough said.    Didnt really check out the food here ..just beers lol.  Great service.  I also did the beer challenge here. which is finish a pint in under 7 seconds and the beer is on them. Rules are you cant spill or throw up. i did mine in 5 seconds flat....good to still know i still got it.
4	This place scored damn near a 5 with me but 5's are very rare in my opinion so I give this place a 4. Luckily I don't judge a book by it's cover because when we entered the hostesses seemed to have better things to do than there job and didn't even great us, they just looked at us, really??? We may have been a little overdressed because it was Sunday football and I was wearing a suit and my wife a dress but what the hell. Anyway enough of that the rest of our experience was great. The beer selection is one of the best of seen, not because the amount of beer that they have which is impressive, but the quality of beer. All I have to say is Black Butte...this was already one of my favorite beers and the one that started me onto the path of beer greatness 10 years ago but to have it straight from the cask is a glorious experience. The food was high quality pub food with a twist. I had the prime beef and I have to say that this is a must if you eat meat. I am usually not very impressed with prime rib or anything like that but the flavor of this meat was better than any i'd had before. Be aware that while this place is called a PUB, the prices are closer to that of a nice restaurant but IMO well worth it. If and when I go back to vegas this will definitely be on my list of musts.
4	I liked this place a lot... Lobster roll is fantastic... Best milkshake ever
2	Food was average. Place was so noisy you couldn't hear your table without a megaphone. Not sure how to describe the ambiance, except to say it is someone's Las Vegas attempt to be urban something. Really, I expected more and got less.
4	yummy shepherd's pie!
2	Come here for BEER ONLY they had pints for $1. As far as for the food it seems Todd English got his inspiration from a Friday's franchise and then overprices it just to make it look pretty on a plate .
4	The PUB is one of these places that's really fancy, yet decorated up to be pretend-divey. They pull it off nicely, and you actually feel pretty cool for hanging out in this place. I went on a Monday evening and it was pretty crowded, so I'm sure it's jammed on weekends.The beer is the main attraction here - excellent selection all day, every day, but you really want to be here late night Tuesdays for 5 cent PBRs or any day for happy hour (4-6), when all drafts, wines, and well drinks are 50% off. Yes, that's right, 50% off! That's a good happy hour at any place, but especially at one located within Crystals, or, as I like to call it, the Rodeo Drive of Las Vegas.Aside from that, they go for upscale pub fare - fish & chips, sandwiches, pot pies, etc. Their specialty is the 'carvery,' where you order a meat (1/2 or full pound), a bread, and some sauces to make your own rustic-style sandwich. Among my group we had the grilled bologna sandwich, the fish & chips, and the corned beef. All were excellent, although highly priced ($20 for fish & chips).Service was good, and they found us a table in the corner so we could have a little bit more room for the Baby.Overall, this is definitely a place to bring visitors, but I wouldn't come back on my own unless it were happy hour.
5	I come to this place everytime i am on the Strip.  They have a deal where if you can drink a pint in 7 seconds then you get it for free.  Best Deal on the strip...if you can do it of course.  Good food, and a good place.
4	For the beer selection and the waiter's ability to help us navigate it,  alone,  I give the restaurant four stars!  Well done.I opted for fish & chips and was delighted.  Not overdone, great temperature, light flaky flavorful fish inside ...crispy deliciously seasoned chips...nicegood ambiance too
4	I'm a local and we went here after shopping at city center.  The decor is super cute, food was really good [see pix].The black truffle mayo was to die for. It deserves a sentence all to itself.  Order 2 of those b/c you are going to have to share it even though you don't want to. I warned you.Lots of beer on tap, tons of English people eating here, & they have HH from 3-6.  HH is 1/2 price wine, beer, sangria. not bad.  Food specials are a little lacking  in my opinion, $2 oysters (or $24 a dozen) or $1 chicken wings (or $12 a dozen) not that impressive, average rates at best.I ordered the roasted chicken & would go back to order that again.  Friend of mine got the fish n chips, excellent choice. Came with fat fries and this really unusual but delightfully tasty coleslaw that had green peas in it. My other friend got the swordfish tacos.  Those I didn't like, but he enjoyed them so that's all that matters. They were covered in cheese sauce so that it looked more like a casserole than tacos. There was no way you could eat them w/out a knife and fork & they were too fishy for me.More importantly, I liked the people at the bar. They were pretty much locals but all of them were really nice. They had a ton of bartenders so our drinks never sat empty & they were eager to strike up a conversation too. And they had the basketball game on, nice BIG tv's *score*!We liked it so much my girlfriend texted me when she got home about when we are going to go back.
5	This is the best spot in town for a brew. Great selection of draft beer, including several Belgian ales, British ales, US microbrews and seasonal ales.  Good bar food also.
2	***Todd English PUB offers many entrees that are not that expensive when compared to other celebrity chef backed Vegas restaurants, but the food was mediocre; I will probably seek out Todd English's Olives (The Bellagio) instead on my next Vegas trip***We were in Las Vegas and were looking for a decent but still reasonably priced dinner spot so we decided to head to Todd English PUB.  I was impressed with Todd English's food at the LA Food & Wine Festival and had high hopes for this one (even though I knew that Todd English PUB was going to be much more casual and simple fare).The atmosphere was very raucous.  It very much had a gastropub feel and it was quite loud.  There was also a seating area outside with heat lamps (unfortunately, since Todd English PUB is located in a congested area, you have to deal with several smokers nearby).The menu consisted of a wide variety of food from several fried appetizers to burgers and sandwiches as well as some English pub grub like fish and chips and bangers and mash.We started with the ahi tuna on wonton crackers, which was the best dish of the night.  While expensive, the starter was good.  The ahi tuna was nicely mixed with seaweed and gingered sesame vinaigrette.  The tuna mixture sat on light and crispy fried wontons.  The tuna was fresh.  It was also quite spicy.I also had the bangers and mash.  The mashed potatoes were good.  They were very light for mashed potatoes and had a good flavor.  They kind of reminded me of the mashed potatoes at Nick & Stef's in Downtown LA.  The bangers were quite bland though.  They were moist enough, but they had very little flavor.  They sat on a creamy mustard sauce, which was also bland.I tried some of my friend's fries, which were just okay (a little soft).  My friend mentioned that the fish and chips were bland.Service was decent.  The staff was friendly, but it was hard to flag down our waiter at times (which is a common problem when you eat outside and the outside dining area is not that connected to the inside dining area).Prices were not too bad for Las Vegas.  There were several entrees below $20.  However, for the quality of food, you can find better gastropub food in other cities at similar or lower prices.Though we liked the ahi tuna on wonton crackers, the entrees were very disappointing and I am not sure if the other entrees would be any better.  I did like the little sampling of Todd English's food at the LA event (and he is a very charming, funny and smart guy), but I think his more upscale Olives in The Bellagio is probably a better representation of his skills in the kitchen.Todd English PUB is located right next to Aria.  Aria has its own free parking structure and it is easy to find a space (valet parking is also available).
2	Food is decent but service sucks! Also a bit pricey!
3	This is a very casual restaurant.  I like their lobster sandwich, onion rings, and duck bum.  The salad was just okay.
4	After two recent trips to Las Vegas which included two trips to the PUB I figured it's time I wrote a review.In a town lacking in quality beer (as far as I could tell in my two short trips) I was happy to stop by and get a nice cask ale. My first trip had us enjoying a drink at the bar while we waited a few moments for a table.  We sat at the low bar area which is not preferred.  It's really awkward to interact with the bar servers but it worked for what we needed.  For dinner we had the dirty chips, corndogs and spicy chicken wings.  Portions were huge and the food was good.The second visit I was alone and wanted to sit at the bar.  Ended up at the low bar.  But the beer was tasty and my chicken tacos were wonderful.Service was very friendly and efficient both times I went.  Prices are high but that's expected due to location.  I'll be back during my next visit I'm sure!
3	Great vibe, and great-sounding beer list, but... As soon as we sat down (nice atmosphere, by the way), the waitress breathlessly told us that they had 38 (38!) beers on tap.  Only... they only had one of seven seasonal beers.  O-kaaaayyyyy...  so I guess that means they have 32 beersHow about...?  Nope.  The next half dozen choices we came up with, they didn't have.  So in actuality they had AT THE MOST 26 beers.  Our problem was that the rest of the beers we could choose from we had already had (or they were IPAs, and that's a beer designed by people who hate beer), and we wanted to try something new.  The waitress was very apologetic, and we finally found one we could live with. We only ordered an appetizer, the dirty chips.  Tasty, and even if you think you don't like chicken livers, don't worry -- they're fried and don't taste much like liver, and there's only four pieces around the side, so you don't even have to eat them if you don't want to.At some point someone whom I assume was the manager came over to apologize for the lack of beers (I THINK he said something about changing the beers and menu hadn't changed yet???) -- but he also did something that turned this from a slam review to a "you know, I'd go there again, and tell people to try it out."  He comped the beers we had, and asked if we would like to try something else.  We thanked him and told him there wasn't anything else we wanted to taste.  But he came up with a Belgian that sounded good -- but instead of the little tastes we thought he'd bring over, he came with two full sized glasses (it was a tasty beer, too!), which were also comped.Things go wrong sometimes, but how you handle it makes all the difference.  This was deft handling!I say try the place out.  It's a great place for a little bit of food, some good beer, and great vibe.
3	I'm still at 3 stars for this place. Love the decor and atmosphere, but everything continues to be just a-ok.The beer list, while good, is actually a bit underwhelming. In fact, I think it has shrunk instead of grown. But it is one of the few places around Vegas where I can get a Timmermans.After them being out of wings the first time I attempted to have them here, I finally did actually have them on my last visit. They were good, but not great. I liked the presentation of them. The breading was eh. The flavor was decent, but not spicy enough. The blue cheese was great.
4	These was my third trip to Todd English PUB over the last 2 years--and the first with my wife (as opposed to only my guy friends)--arguably it was our best meal of the entire trip.We had two couples dining--and were seated immediately by pleasant host staff fairly early on a Thursday night--before the place was really busy.  We had water to our table within 2 minutes--and a server who was covering for our server started a drink order for us. The cocktails were very good!  They have a very refreshing margarita with cucumber--which is made all the better by the fact that it is NOT syrupy sweet.  They have a HUGE beer selection--and suffice it to say we were all feeling no pain after our first round.The menu is loaded with options--but we went mostly with comfort food including an excellent shepherd's pie and chicken pot pie, as well as very good salads, chicken parmigian sliders, and more drinks!  My wife tried several of the oysters from the raw bar, and said they were excellent.Our server was well-versed in the menu, wine and beer list, etc--and attentive without being intrusive.  Towards the end of the meal the restaurant was definitely filling up and noticeably louder.Overall--an very good experience with good service, great bar, and very good food.
1	The one star is for the lobster rolls, which were quite good. For the rest? I walked away both unhappy and queasy.Start with the beer: we visited PUB right after it opened and left without ordering because they were out of my first three beer picks. Tonight? Same story. Also could not make the first two mixed drinks my husband requested, but finally managed a vodka tonic.I ordered roast beef sliders. The roast beef was just ok, but the bread was dry, hard and cold. I also ordered a side of fries, which were served dead cold. Our server did go and get a new, hot order without argument, then brought me a bottle of ketchup (which you have to ask for because only plebes want ketchup?) absolutely crusted with old, hard ketchup.The last straw was the drunk guy who decided to sit at our table for a chat. After I chased him off, the waiter came over and commented on it. After. Thanks. In a 1/4 full restaurant, I'd love a little more monitoring from staff.I'm sorry that I didn't take the time to ask for the manager and complain, but I really wanted to be on vacation. If you're also on vacation, choose NobHill (MGM) or Sensei (Bellagio) or even Todd English Olives (Caesars) for MUCH better food, and the same unexciting beer selection that you eventually discover is available at PUB.
3	Maybe the only place that closes in Vegas, Todd English opens at 11am,  a miss for those in search of morning pub fare as an alternative to the traditional Vegas brunch options.Raw bar is very good, with the lobster cocktail hitting all the marks: fresh and abundant, served in the shell (full tail and claws!) with a homemade cocktail sauce.  The sliders were average, the frites were frozen (my life's biggest angst...); while my colleague had English fish and chips, while it was cod (yum!) it did not look hand dipped, and again with the frozen "chips'...I asked for Guinness, and while the server (who was very attentive and friendly) never said anything, I know she was feeding me semi-stout from a local brewery. Why not just say so?  If I ask for Diet Coke, servers typically go out of their way to say "We only have diet Pepsi..."  but I digress.Impressive facility (hell, its Vegas...) but didn't have the requisite pubby feel to it. And $140 for lunch for two (3 pints each) is a bit rich.  Yeah, yeah, maybe I don't need 3 pints at lunch... save it.Oh! and they have a hot dog on the menu for $18...wtf?
1	This follow up review is from approx 2 months ago....haven't been back since and don't plan on going although it's 1 min walk from me.Had a few friends over for Thurs night football...after we wanted to grab some food so we headed downstairs to Todd English Pub (despite my previous review decided to give it another shot and try the food too).  I live right above this place (at Veer) but avoid it in general.Shared 3 items, fish and chips, sliders and one other (can't remember so it couldn't have been too memorable).  Fish and Chips were good, but not worth $18.  Everything else was just overpriced bar food.My friends were amazed at the $10/pint prices, so we decided on a pitcher of Spaten for $35 to try and get more for our $$.  NOT SURE IF IT'S MORE SAD/SHOCKING/HILARIOUS THAT ONE PITCHER = 3 PINTS HERE!!!  SO THEY CHARGE YOU AN EXTRA $5 FOR THE PRIVELEDGE OF POURING YOUR BEER.I'd love for a manager to contact me and explain this to me!Service was friendly but rushed...what's the point?  The place is never full anyway so why rush your customers?  They tried to take our food away several times before we were done.  Avoid this place.  Hit the Burger Bar at Mandalay or sadly even the Pub at Monte Carlo is better :(
3	Todd English PUB has rich hearty pub food. I love the decor and the windows that open into Aria. We had the chicken pot pie and fish and chips. Both were great. The potpie had a film crust and very rich filling (heavy cream probably). Our waitress was attentive and helpful.  The only complaint I have is the hostess service. When I arrived I was looking into the restaurant for the rest of my party and they did not offer to help or see if they were there. I ended up waiting outside and then calling my party to find they were already seated. This one of my biggest pet peeves with restaurants. Your first impression when you walk into the restaurants sets the tone for the entire meal. If your hostess service is good, you probably will overlook flubs throughout the meal.
5	1/2 lb of thinly shaved prime rib goodness, sour dough bread to die for, and au jus done perfectly.  I think I'm in love!  We also sampled the Dirty Chips....very rich and filling, plan on skipping dinner after these.This was a fun restaurant/pub just outside of the Aria Resort.  It's impossible to pass by and not want to join in the atmosphere.Lots of great choices on the menu and plenty of beers to choose from.  I especially enjoyed the bar table tops that have the self serve keg draw on it!  That could be trouble.
5	We had one of the best times at Todd English PUB.  Chef Jamie was attentive and informative. The food was delicious.  The Chicken Parm sliders were exceptional as were the Dirty Chips.  The atmosphere was fun and all the staff friendly, especially our server, Andrew.  Brad-the manager came by a few times to check on us and offered some great suggestions from the menu and the bar.  Will be sure to return.  Highly recommend!
3	We recently were in Las Vegas and had read multiple reviews of Todd English (even though I had never heard of him) and went to his Pub.  We enjoyed our meal here and our server was really nice, friendly and helpful.  There were obviously tons of beers and I decided on the Delerium Tremen which was really good.  For my meal I ordered the brown butter lobster roll and it was super tasty with the rolls toasted just enough to make them crispy.It's definitely pub food here and a little expensive but that's to be expected in Vegas.
2	I won't complain about how expensive the Todd English PUB is, because it is in the Aria hotel and everything is equally overpriced there.  But I will complain about the poor food.  For example, the chicken pot pie had a total of four small pieces of chicken in it -- but that was actually a blessing, because the chicken tasted like boiled cardboard.  The puff pastry on the top was puffy but had no taste of pastry.That might have been a fluke, you say.  Well, how about the soggy, unflavored, lukewarm fries?  Or the fish and chips where the cook managed to utterly ruin a promising piece of haddock?  Tasteless too.On the plus side -- the beer selection is impressive and people watching can be fun.  And the popcorn was decent.I don't expect any improvement in the near future, as the Todd English PUB is crowded most times.  It's amazing what constant hype on hotel TVs and hoards of tourists who don't use Yelp can do.
4	My husband and I have enjoyed this pub the last two visits to Vegas. The food is good and a tad bit pricey. I had the chicken parm sliders with a side of sweet potato fries and my husband ordered the bologna sandwich. Both were delicious. The selection of beer is impressive, we both had a pint of Killkenny. Mmmmmmm!! The only negative that I would say about the whole experience was the guy at the bar who was very loud and every other word out of his mouth was vulgar. Normally, we would not be bothered but he was standing about a foot away and made it tricky to enjoy great food and great beer. Oh well.....we will return and enjoy the pub again.
4	Great drinks and great service! My boyfriend and i went in to drink and watch a Fulham (soccer) game, and we were so pleasantly surprised. They bring out small buckets of popcorn to start your meal (like an italian place would serve bread). Considering that it's a beer heavy bar, I thought it was a great idea. I had one of the nicest waitresses I've ever had here. I expressed that I wasn't sure what I would order, if anything, and she pointed out what other people were eating and what she liked too. I also thought the placemats were such a great touch. They were pieces of paper with funny, booze-related quotes printed all over them. Here was one that cracked me up: "When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading" -Youngman
5	Todd English has done it again ...Great place, amazing menu and atmosphere (where else can you play beer pong with food like this).Highlights of the menu include: reuben sliders, tuna burger (it is more like tartare put together than ground tuna meat) and the bison burger.Definately one of, if not the, best places in vegas to put down a few drinks, watch a game and eat some great comforting pub grub.Proves once again that you can never go wrong with a Todd Enligh restaurant.
5	God I love this place. From the design to the food, Todd English is my personal Lord and Saviour. Only thing wrong at times are the rowdy, tool-ish crowd of dudes in striped and flannel check shirts slamming down beer mugs and talking about how many girls they think/hope/ will probably not/ bed on their "wild weekend" on the Strip. Skip all the sports stuff on TV if you are not a sports fan..go for the delectable and delicious and certain delirious inducing meats that will send any carnivore into a tizzy. Stopped off here first thing when after I checked into my hotel and it was on like Donkey Kong. Judging by the how good the carvery here is, you will leave very satisfied knowing you have participated in eating another innocent cow. It's all about the carvery and this night Mr English's menu did not disappoint. WIfe and I shared the full pound of Beef Brisket with a side of fries with the truffle mayo. Friend got the ribeye steak. The beef was so tender and so expertly prepared I barely noticed the tools that night.
2	Pricey crab cakes and chili.Had to flag someone down to give us a drink.  UMMMM.... isn't this a bar??? Meh.. not impressed.
5	We had been dying to try out Todd English PUB. When we arrived we had no reservations and it was a Saturday evening. We were seated right away. The hostess told us what her favorite thing on the menu was which is the brown butter lobster rolls. She explained them to us and it sounded so good that I thought I totally wanted to try that! So I ordered the lobster rolls and my husband had the fish and chips. Our waiter answered all of our questions we had about the different types of beers. He was very knowledgeable. The beer is so tasty! SO many to choose from!When my food arrived the presentation was lovely and I couldn't wait to dive in and eat it! IT was the best lobster roll I've ever had!  I am still dreaming of that delicious lobster roll till this day. Hopefully I can find a place in So Cal that has a lobster roll as good as this one, because if not I will be driving down to get one before the end of this year! :)We loved Todd English PUB.. A must try if your visiting Las Vegas and love beer and good fish.
2	When we arrived at the the PUB we were surprised how unpub like it was, It did not attempt to have a faux interior that Vegas is famous for. It was very bright and trendy, which are not things I look for in a pub.The  hostesses were very friendly and outgoing and made us feel welcomed, but that was where it ended. Our waitress Krystal K seemed very sarcastic and did not care if we were there or not.  Enough about her, our food was good, my friend had the bangers and mash and I had the clam chowder but I don't think a very small laddle of clam chowder is worth $8 nor a bologne sandwich worth $16.00. I do understand that it is Vegas and prices are overinflated, but come on...really Mr. English your prices are way out of line.The small bucket of popcorn was an unexpected surprise...Beer pong balls for sale in a vending machine,  nice addition to the atmosphere.I may go back on my next trip, but it is tucked away in a corner and I am not sure if it is worth the walk.
4	You can hear some pretty interesting conversations in this place, its packed with guys during lunch AND dinner!  I like this place for a couple reasons:1 - it's SUPER casual and laid back.2 - I can come here and hang out with my girlfriends/guy friends and just have a drink.3 - most of the food sounds pretty good (... and some have an interesting twist!).The duck buns are UHHH-MAZING here!  They were the perfect portion for me.  4 small buns with shredded pieces of duck dipped in hoisin sauce, and scallions on top - nothing else (that's right, no side of fries or anything).  $14 for this is pretty pricey, but this beats a lot of other restaurant/food options in the ARIA/City Center area.  They have a RAW section where you can order what I hear are pretty good oysters too!  .. and of course it's a pub so you'll find other things like beer on tap, burgers/fries, pot pies, beans, etc.The environment in here is pretty cool.  They have bar tables where you insert your credit card into this machine, and can pour your own beer from tap.  WOW!   They have a couple huge/large dart boards too, but you don't use real darts of course since it's in the bar area - they're magnetic.  I'll def be back to try other salivating items on their menu!
5	Oh my goodness!  What can I say?  Not enough about the Brown butter lobster rolls.  Three sweet rolls stuff silly with fresh lobster.  It was friggin amazing.  Comes with a very onion based coleslaw that I ended up giving to hubby.  And a small package of homemade chips (a little oily for me).  It's all about the lobster rolls.GET THE LOBSTER ROLLS!!!Oh, and hubby had the Chicken parm sliders with fries.  Good stuff, but totally overshadowed by my yummy lobster rolls.Comment about the hostess at the front. Couldn't be a more unfriendly girl/woman.  Totally didn't greet us - had her hands crossed in front of her chest the whole time.  Never smiled.  Bitter.Other than her, everything was great.  Nice restaurant.  Greeted by our enthusiastic server with a metal "mini-bucket" of fresh popcorn.  Can't go wrong with popcorn.Get the lobster rolls!  ;)
2	We stopped at the P.U.B. (what's with the periods?) before seeing Viva Elvis at the Aria Hotel and Casino. All we wanted was a quick bite to eat - and that's what we got. I had a Cheese Sandwich - which was OK. Nothing to write home about. Others had a bison burger which looked good - but didn't really elicit any response. The beer list is quite extensive - there are even beer cocktails. Naturally the one beer I wanted was out of stock.Service was kind of hit or miss. We had to wait for a table even though there were plenty of tables unoccupied. Our waiter took his sweet time - so we asked for the check the minute the entrees came out.Oh and he wouldn't split the check between more than 3 people. Really? In this day and age? That alone is a reason not to go back.So basically it fit the bill for a quick bite to eat - but that's not enough to recommend this place.
2	Todd English's Public Urban Bar is located at the City Center Aria Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.  For years I have wanted to go to a Todd English place in Vegas ( he has three of them) and so this vacation my wife, Simone and i did.  The first problem I had was actually finding the entrance. You can see the place from the inside of Aria but the only entrance that i could find was from the outside walkway. At any rate, when we got to the P.U.B, the place was rather large and it was packed full of people. our waitress was able to squeeze us in at a table once again right beside the restrooms (this always happens to me). While I took advantage of being so close to the crapper Simone took a look at the menus. The P.U.B features an open kitchen so you can watch the chefs making the food. This is always a good thing as it helps pass the time while you wait for your meal and also gives you a good indication of the quality of the place. The menu is extensive with a complete carvery menu for those meat lovers that includes turkey, beef, duck, chicken and more. Also a raw bar and many grill choices. Simone and I started with an appetizer called Duck Buns.  These were extra large Hoison shredded Duck filled steamed dumplings. They were topped with scallions and served with Ailoi for dipping. They were pillowey and soft on the outside and the duck overflowing from them was steaming hot and tender. They were a very good start to our meal.  Next up were the entrees. Simones choice was, of course, a salad. The chopped Salad to be exact, and that is what it looked like when it arrived.  A bunch of vegetables and lettuce, chopped with dressing. Simone liked it. I didn't bother to even take a picture, that's how excited it made me, but i suppose its hard to make a bunch of rabbit food all that special. Perhaps stupidly so, I went a bit more adventurous with my meal. I went for the Brown Bag Lunch. Artisan Bologna Sandwich on simple white bread with melted cheese and Mayo and a side of chips.  I have not had Bologna in years and about 8 hours later ,I would remember why, but i digress. The Bologna was sliced thin and grilled until the edges were crispy then served on white bread with melted Swiss.  When it arrived at the table it looked kinda pornographic but I dug in anyway. It was definitely artisan and homemade, not your lunch meat variety Bologna. It was kicking with lots of spice and garlic. Good, but perhaps to spicy for my already pickled stomach after a week long battle with gluttony in the City of Vegas.  Being the trooper that I am, I pushed through and finished the entire sandwich and then of course had to move on to the dessert menu.  We went with the Mona-Resee dessert option, basically it was a tasting plate that included homemade Twinkies, a cupcake, red velvet cake, a cookie and even some cookie dough. Simone and I both enjoyed this and Simone took some with her for the rest of her late night chocolate fixes. But this is not where this review ends...as mentioned earlier,  I feel the need to share with you the aftermath of my meal choice .  The Bologna bit me back  at around midnight. The word Fire comes to mind, Not just your average heartburn situation- this burned EVERYWHERE. And it hung on. Three Zantacs, and a night of getting to know my hotel throne and Todd English and his meat were still with me. It took me almost the next twenty four hours to feel well again and it made for a rather rough last day in Vegas ( sorry to the hotel janitorial staff). I wish I could honestly say that I will not hold it against the P.U.B, but I probably will. I can tell you for a fact my Bologna days are over.  Even doing this review today my stomach turns just a bit at the memory.  Maybe someday I will go back to the P.U.B , but who knows? Sorry Todd, I so wanted to love your new place... but it stayed with me for way to long. Thanks for the memories...Two stars for the PUB. **
2	Busy, noisy place. But that is not why it earned two stars. First problem was that two of the three beers we ordered were flat. Something that a well trained, caring waitress should have noticed. Once we pointed it out, she cheerfully apologized and fetched two different beers. The second problem was that the burger that one of us ordered as "medium" showed up not medium rare, or rare even. It was bloody. Some obvious lack of attention in the kitchen. Our still cheerfully apologetic waitress hustled off to replace it. The dirty chips are an interesting appetizer, but probably not something that many people would make a regular habit. The rest of the food was not bad, but a bit forgettable. It appeared to me that the menu was designed primarily for novelty. This was my second visit. So I guess the novelty has worn off. I am sure that this place will stay busy and thrive, but with so, so many choices in Vegas, I probably won't return.
4	Landed in Vegas and had a late lunch here with the manfriend.  We are both fans of Todd English so it was a no brainer, we knew it would be amazing.I of course ordered a drink - some strawberry mojito thing and then we immediately started off with 12 oysters, 6 east and 6 west.  I'd never eaten oysters before so it was a new experience.  A little slimey but very fresh tasting.I had the ahi tuna poke and a side of skinny fries.  Perfect.  The ahi tuna poke was delicious.  I LOVE seaweed salad so to mix that with sriracha and a wonton skin was perfect.  The skininy fries were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I couldn't get enough.He had the pastra-mini and said it was good but I wouldn't know because he didn't save me any.We always get dessert so we got the cookies and cream...which is essentially pizookie.  The chocolate chip cookie was WARM AND GOOEY and pretty much one of the best cookies I've ever eaten.  We got vanilla ice cream - which wasn't my first choice but it was the perfect compliment.YUM YUM! Definitely a good choice if you're looking for good, simple food instead of something fancy shmancy.
1	Based off some other reviews, I think we may have just had an isolated bad experience, but we nonetheless had a bad experience.First of all, nice beer selection.  Great happy hour specials. For a place claiming to be super knowledgeable about beer, the quality beer was served far too cold.  Not to sound like a beer nerd, but good beer shouldn't be served so freezing that I miss much of the taste and smell.Our waitress was, well, not nice to put it diplomatically.  She was clearly overworked, but she ignored us repeatedly for unknown reasons.  I gathered she got forced to work later than expected, but well, these things do happen.  The waitress also seemed to suggest I was stupid when I politely declined her suggestion of another beer when she said the beer I wanted was not available (she recommended a beer that was not comparable).I suppose I might give it another try given the good reviews, but it would be tough given the service and beer situation.
5	i would take a star off for the high prices but it's vegas.been twice for happy hour... their happy hour is awesomecarved lamb with sourdough, horseradish sour cream and soy maple sauce. skip the soy maple sauce but the lamb and horseradish were perfect together. 18 bucksoysters are 2 bucks each and very fresh. a bit small but i prefer them small and they are only 2 bucks. chilled shrimp was best i ever had even at 4.75 each. very bigking crab legs _ 35 bucks for a half pound and worth every pennylobster rolls - 24 bucks... very rich sauce... not very authentic but retarded good3 dollar sliders during happy hour are excellent...bartenders took great care of us. Tom and Rod were really cool...their happy hour is impressive with half price pints... take the 7 second chug challenge and u get 2 free beers right there.disregard any bad reviews... sit at the bar and ask your bartenders whats up!
4	Happy hour is definitely the time to go. Otherwise it's pretty typical expensive beers. As in $8 to $10 for a pint of things like Guinness or Spaten. Of course the place is attached to the Aria and City Center so I expected it to be pricey. The HH special was half price pints, $3 sliders, $2 oysters and $1 wings. I took advantage of the beer and sliders while catching a couple of afternoon March Madness games.The entrees coming out for other patrons all looked really good as well. Next time I am in Las Vegas I may make it a point to grab lunch here. I want to go 3.5 stars because I fall between A-OK and I'm a fan. I'm certainly a fan of the happy hour deals but not having much in terms of entrees I cannot solidly give it a lot higher.
4	like other restaurants on the LV strip.. you're gonna pay a bit of premium.. nevertheless.. they pour a proper black and tan.. and their fish and chips are pretty damn good.. it's pricy.. but the food is solid.. they also have plenty of beers which is always a plus
4	March Madness is truly madness if you're looking for a spot to sit at any Vegas sports book after 8AM. So, Friday morning, we got our bets in and headed to find a comfortable place to get something to eat and watch some games. Walking around, we ended up at Todd English P.U.B., which had everything we wanted; seats at the bar, breakfast options, and TVs showing the games. This was one spot, I was glad we stopped in, I had one of the best bloody mary's, ever, spicy, with the right mix of vodka (Hangar One) and tomato juice and the perfect garnish of pickled carrot and a block of cheddar cheese with some pickled string beans, all with a salt and peppered rim. Delightful. One of those babies and that's all I needed for the afternoon.  Breakfast was good but a little salty for my taste. There were a few brunch options, I got the bacon, egg, cheese sandwich (bacon on the side) and Gramercy Guy had the English breakfast, fried eggs, bacon, toast and beans. These beans were the show stealer. I traded my bacon for the beans and thinking about them now is making my mouth water. There was meat (I was told from the bar tender, it's what's ever left on the cutting board) with the right balance of smoky (probably from the meat) and sweet. Had I known how good the beans were, I would have swapped the fries I barely touched for more beans. And you know what they say about beans being for the heart. So really this was a perfectly balanced meal between the beans and the tomato juice.The cool thing about Todd English P.U.B. is their drink challenge. Along the bar, there are many hour glasses that flip; they are timed for 7 seconds. The challenge: if you can drink a pint of beer before the time runs out, it's free. I knew I wasn't up for the challenge but watched many people around me do it, some more than once. Matt, the bartender, guessed that about 80% of the people who try actually succeed.To see pictures and read more go to http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/todd-english-pub.html
4	We loved this place! It was packed during NCAA tournament weekend, but we were able to find a spare seat at the bar while we waited for a table. They told us there would be a 20 minute wait and it was probably less than 10. We had a great corner table with a great view of the basketball games. The drink selections were great for both the beer drinker and the non-beer drinker, which is unusual for a pub. i was able to enjoy a lovely sparkling rose while my DH enjoyed some wonderful draught beer.  They also have some really cool tables with taps in the middle that it looks like you can use a credit card and serve yourself. That was awesome! The menu is also great! There were so many great sounding choices. we started with a dozen oysters which were very fresh and very good. i followed it up with the sliders which are served with carmelized onions, blue cheese and 1000 island dressing and fries. They were soooo good. My DH had the lobster rolls, which were also 3 mini lobster rolls and came with homemade potato chips and slaw. He is still talking about those sliders! We would go back in a heartbeat!
5	I've been to the Todd English PUB several times during business trips to Veags both with coworkers and many times alone. The service has been great on all occasions. When alone I've never been put in a corner or asked to sit at the bar. The staff treats all guest with the same attention and friendliness. YUM YUM YUM The food is so much better than your average pub food! The organic chicken pot pie was so good with a flaky crust and creamy sauce, and the corn dog puppies is enough food to be a meal. I will return again and again.
5	Enjoy free beer and a friendly atmosphere? If so, this is the place to go! Free pint of beer if you finish within 7 seconds (2 tries per person each day). Rod, the bartender, was super interesting and cool. We had happy hour wings and sliders, which were only mediocre. Regardless of the food, we returned the next day due to the bartender, great service and of course, free beer. We also discovered the option of self-service beer depending where you want to sit. Prices were calculated by the number of pints poured(applies to happy hour prices as well)- which means no waiting around for your beer, and playing bartender for the night. Awesome and welcoming ambience- will definitely return.
2	Two for the slowness of the kitchen. A one appetizer and two person meal was a two hour event complete with us needing to talk to the manager. They comped a meal to make up for it, but it was just lunch. Is it that hard to keep it together?Wings: as expected. I got the chicken sandwich that was served cold and the bread was so buttery I didn't eat it. The skinny fries were excellent. My bf got the iceberg salad that was typical and the sweet potato fries that he really liked. Great beer selection and with diet cola being $4.50 a glass, you're better off buying a beer.
5	Cici, our bartender, was a doll both times my boyfriend and I went to the pub! Charismatic, helpful and easy to relate to, she made for great service!I can't believe that I am saying this, but I had the best roast beef sliders and chicken wings in my life! The juicy sliders had this amazing cheese wiz sauce that I couldn't get enough of, and the wings were seasoned well, and fried perfectly crispy, even when eaten cold an hour later!Between our service and the food, we found ourselves plopped at the bar for hours basking in the casual, yet upscale pub eatery around us.
5	We are locals and we had friends visiting from Iowa, Wisconsin and Phoenix.  It was a gorgeous day in Las Vegas and we were looking to sit on an outside patio.  We went to Todd English Pub and encountered the manager, Brad.  We chatted with him and told him we were high school friends having a fun reunion with our husbands and he really took great care of us!  Brad got us a table on the patio and even introduced us to the Chef!  All of the staff was great and the food was amazing!  We will take all of our out of town visitors to Todd English Pub!  Thank you!
5	Stayed at the Aria, so I was pretty excited upon realizing, that this was adjacent to the front lobby.The selection was outstanding- lots of Belgian imports, as well as quality stuff from around the good old US of A. For an Eastcoaster such as myself, this was a great opportunity to get stuff like Black Butte on draft. For those visiting without renting a vehicle, this would also be a good opportunity to get their craft drink on right on the strip, unless they want to be sipping sugary drinkie poos from over-sized plastic sippy cups.The ambiance is also superior to most L. Vegas bars. The lighting was very cozy, the bar was an oval in the center of the room, with multiple bartenders tending to ones needs. A game of sports was being televised on television sets placed all around the joint.Now for the prices- most stuff was in the neighborhood of $8-$10. I understand that for Las Vegas this is a very niche business, though one on the rise, and the rent must be higher than Charlie Sheen, but other places we visited were able to offer somewhat lower prices.Not being huge gamblers, what me and my wife did was play some slots at Aria, than upon winning $30-$40, we would proceed to this P.U.B. and blow our winnings. Repeat as many times as necessary.Note for guests staying at Aria: the in room fridges have weight sensors. I did what I do everywhere else in the world- take the contents out neatly, place own purchases(gallon of water, as we're in the dessert, beers), and before checking out- place everything back in in the same order. We received a bill of around $50 for mini fridge charges. They said they would investigate, but it took us many calls to the managers to get this fee reversed...lesson learned- don't every do anything, anywhere lol
5	The food and atmosphere are GREAT!!!
3	I've been here before - because of it's location. It is inside the Aria - with outdoor seating right by the doors to the City Center. Ideal location - to get some fresh air, rest your feet.We've only had the raw oysters, sliders, and some sangria.The food is good - but the service is terrible. It takes forever to get anything - menus, water, drinks, the check....
3	This is a nice "non-strip" feel pub that is on the strip. It is in the new Aria. The spot is tucked away with a small outside entrance. Once you enter you can definitely feel the friendly pub vibe. The bar is smack dab in the center of the place. There are a ton of seats. Or if you prefer a table you can go that route as well. The outside seating looked nice. It was full so we went for the bar seat. Our server was quick and friendly. I was starving after walking all around that day so it was nice to have good service. The bar has these mini hour glasses and apparently if you can finish a beer before it runs out the beer is free. Seems like a cool idea.I ordered the bangers and mash and my man got the grilled cheese with brie. Both dishes were bomb. The bangers and mash was rich and tasty. It had a true home made taste. Nice and hearty. The grilled cheese was really rich. I would only recommend this sandwich to those who like the stinky cheese......and a lot of it. I mean don't get me wrong it was great. It was just stinky cheeseeeee. They have a full bar and a few beers on tap. Typical bud light type beers as well as darker beers like IPA's. They had a good selection in general. If you are looking for something that doesn't feel like the strip but is on the strip....go here. You won't be disappointed.
3	The PUB is good, but not great, and falls a bit short of expectations based on the price, especially since this place is at heart, an English style pub.  The beer selection is great, but over-priced - if you think you can chug a full imperial pint in just under 7 seconds, give it a try and you'll be rewarded with a free beer if you succeed (but like most carnival games, don't count on winning).  The food is good, but again, not great, and falls a bit short of expectations.  I'm also a bit disappointed by the scale of the menu here - while it seems fairly large at first glance, upon closer inspection you'll see a lot of variations the same classics, mainly burgers and sandwiches.  Don't get me wrong, they are perfectly good, but coming from the mind of Todd English, I simply expect a bit more creativity and diversity - everything on the menu is fairly standard fare.You won't go wrong by stopping in for a beer and a quick bite to eat, but for the price, you might just be better off heading somewhere else, such as The Pub at Monte Carlo.
4	Stopped in here for an early dinner on our way to see Love at the Mirage. It was perfect timing because we got there during Happy Hour and scored 1/2 price beers (very, VERY solid beer list), meaning the beers were only slightly more expensive than I'd normally pay, instead of WAY overpriced. I had the lobster rolls, my friend had the mussels. I am not a mussel girl, but I sampled the broth, and wow, it was so good & perfectly seasoned. My lobster rolls were divine... just the right amount of mayo and the buns were overflowing with lobster. I dig the vibe of the place, it is a Pub after all, but it just has great ambiance and you don't feel like you're in the middle of all the Vegas craziness. I think the prices are pretty par for the course as far as Vegas goes, and my meal was worth every penny.
1	Service beyond bad. 13 people behind the bar and crap for service. I've been a bartender....it's not rocket science.
3	Nice ambience and good food, but for a price.  I stopped by in need of a liquor mop while waiting for my friends to show up, and had some prawns and oysters, and also the lobster rolls, which were pretty spectacular and chock full of sweet lobster goodness.   They also have a really extensive beer list, but ~$10 a pint (even for PBR !!) starts to add up. Still, it's a good place to check out either during happy hour or if you walk away from the Aria tables with a little extra scratch.
4	Great beer selection! The lobster rolls are amazing. Service is just ok. Hung out here with my husband and watched some sports on our mini get away! Had a good beer flight but kinda pricey. Then again it's Vegas and everything is expensive. Good knowledgeable bartender (girl with short blonde hair and tattoos))! And then there was a crabby bartender who looked like a mean Russian dude! Good hang out to chill at the bar and watch sports! Nice outdoor area to people watch!
2	We just arrived in Vegas and we wanted a quick bite and some drinks to start off our epic adventure.This place was EHH. We shared pitchers of the white sangria. It tasted watered down. I can barely taste the wine or the fruit juice. I ordered the burger sliders which was ok. It was good but wasn't special. We chose this place only because it was the liveliest place to have some drinks and bites within the Aria vicinity.
3	I wouldn't say there was anything 'special' about this place, as it was your basic American Irish Pub trying to be Irish. The food portions were grand, and I will say their food was quite tasty.  The service was what I expected - average, so no surprise there. Overall I would say that I was neutral about this restaurant. It met my need to consume food for energy and survival, and outside of that, it didn't 'wow' me in any way.
5	4.5 stars! Wanted to give them 5 but our waiter seemed to disappear and forget what we ordered a few times! No bueno!Where o where to begin! Actually this is going to be a bullet points type of review!-Non-Smoking, perfect for my Bestie who was Preggers at the time-Love the decor (woods with big white marble oyster bar)-Shared sinks for bathrooms where the guy who hands you towels will freestyle with you tip him (which makes you want to give him a bigger tip since he's so good)-Bathroom amenities free to use include: perfume, cologne, candy, gum, hairspray, gel and other things-Food was very good; need to try the lobster rolls next time-Happy people all around made it have a great atmosphere-Have drinking games (need to try next time I go) -In City Center, which is where all the new/nice places arePoint is...if you are in Vegas...this is a place you MUST go!
4	What is one to do if you're in vegas for an extra day waiting on an airplane, stretched nearly to the end of your budget, and you want a cheap place to knock back a couple pints? Head to this place. They've got a rotating 3 dollar "keg blow out" special, and the beers are pretty good.Granted, even being in vegas, it's *really* hard to justify 13 bucks for a pint of their normal selection, even if it was from my favorite brewery back home.As for the food? passable, but not really fantastic.What was however, was the service. Aside from another meal we ate on our trip that cost roughly 6 times as much, we didn't get better service anywhere we went. In fact, I don't know if the 5 star joint we hit was actually any better. They've got some really friendly people working, happy to keep serving up pints, and more than happy to bs during slow moments.I'm going to have this place in mind the next time I'm in town, don't have my company card, and want a pint or two.
3	Stopped by this week for happy hr specials, $3 sliders means a slider not two not three just one mini burger.. And I mean mini.  Oysters were good,  service great..   A bit high on the $$$$$. Oh well it's Vegas ..
5	Visited this place Thursday night 5/10/12 around 7:30 pm.  The restaurant seemed busy but we were seated right away in a booth in the back of the restaurant.  My wife and I ordered 2 beers but they were out of both of them, bummer!!!! Oh well, plenty of others to choose from.  We shared a wedge salad, excellent bacon dressing on it.  Also had some oysters, which at 2 bucks a piece were a good value.  Wife had the lobster rolls, which were very good.  I had a burger with pastrami on it.  Cooked perfectly, really tasty.  Service was excellent, food was great, atmosphere was a little noisy but it is a pub.  Prices were a little high, but it is in a prime location on the strip, and the prices were actually better than all of the places in City Center.  All in all a very good dining experience.
5	Great spot! Happy hour was bomb and the bartender was super nice she never on e forgot about us!! Great service!!
5	Absolutely LOVE their happy hour menu.$2 oysters. $1 wings. $2 sliders. Half off selected wines, sangrias, etc.Originally came here just for their cheap oysters but, tried their delish sangria.Then, since I was there I might as well have some sliders which were extremely and surprisingly juicy.And welll.....since wings were just a dollar, I had about 6. lolBest $20 I've ever spent.
3	3.5 STARS for their very generous and expansive happy hour and their friendly and helpful bartenders/staff.  I came here on a weekday and even though there were a share of tourists and locals, this place was very full at the bar area.  Most of the staff were very chatty...there was a little bit of a back and forth between two staff workers on who really was the more devoted Kobe Bryant and Lakers fan!I got three oysters plus a pint of Lagunitas from my beloved city of San Francisco and later on some sweet potato fries.  With happy hour pricing, all of that fell under $20.  I did try their Deschutes Inversion IPA but since it was a cask beer, they served it room temp which sort of turned me off.  I realized I need my beer cold.  The oysters were fresh and a steal at $2 each.  Now to the beer selection: although they do offer a lot of selections and I saw the taps all around the bar to show it, I wasn't as impressed as I thought.  My usual excitement when I go to a place with lots of draught beers, is to find something that I haven't tried and usually it's an unique brew that is hard to find or something like that.  Out of all of the beers that were offered, I think I've tried at least half of them and most of the other half I didn't really want to try.  I was hoping maybe to see some smaller breweries from Southern California or Portland but I saw a lot of familiar names: Sam Adams, Trumer Pils, Shock Top, and Sierra Nevada.It's still a good place to go for a drink and to watch the game but maybe I'm a beer snob.  And the regular menu I didn't try like sandwiches and entrees but with the slightly higher price point due to the location on the Strip and all, I probably will be sticking with happy hour at the bar.
3	I came here with a group of friends for the happy hour special on a weekday. We had some food credit with Vdara, which sadly later on we found out the food from this establishment didn't count part of the food credit with Vdara program, darn! Even though we did ask the employees here at this restaurant whether it would count, and they said it would - lame! Regardless, this place is super over-hyped and over-priced. I didn't find any of the food to be fabulous or that great. We ordered 2 or 3 rounds of oysters, I found them to be small and nothing spectacular. Then we ordered 2 rounds of chicken wings which were yummy. And we also had the onion rings, which are HUGE, but I didn't find the flavor to be that great, but then again I'm not a fan of onion rings. They need to bring down the prices at this establishment and maybe it'll be on the same level as the food quality. But then again it could be me, because I always see this place packed when I pass by.
3	1 star for the beer selectionanother star for the looks of the barand the third star is for the happy hour deals they have-1 star for not having 3 of the 4 beers I actually wanted-1 star for our waitress who asked "do you want another drink?" and when my wife responded "not yet" the waitress put the bill on the table and walked away. I don't know about you, but I'm pretty sure "not yet" means that you would like another drink when you finish the one you have. I don't think it means "not yet, we are done and you can push us out the door even though it's nowhere near closing time and you definitely don't need this table."
4	All the walking in Vegas got me pooped!!! My friends and I came in for an early dinner and to rest our feet. LoL The decor is very casual and of course has a pub like atmosphere with beer in the air and sports on the tubes. The waiter was really chill and nice. He checked up on us a few times and did not let us feel neglected at all. My friends ordered a chicken pot pie and the Amsterdam Burger. We ordered a big plate of beer battered onion rings to share. Out of all the beer battered onion rings I have ever tried, these have the most beer flavor. The only problem is the giant onion ring inside the batter does not rip apart so I'm basically pulling the whole thing out and not enjoying the outside. As for me, I ordered the lobster roll that came with not just one, not just two, but THREE lobster rolls!!! It also came with coleslaw and chips, but I substituted the chips with criss cut fries. The lobster rolls were melt in your mouth... MHMMMMMMMM SO GOOD!!! I ate TWO of them! The lobster rolls are jam packed with BIG CHUNKS OF LOBSTER MEAT. They are so warm, buttery, comforting, and oOoOoh hit the spot DELICIOUS! The coleslaw was okay and the fries were pretty good, but I would come back just for the lobster rolls over and over again! =D
3	Todd English is alright. Sure, they have a lot of microbrews; however, I don't think I ever spent more on a microbrew before. It is best to come here for the twice daily happy hour to get 50% off beer on tap.The food is also okay. I ordered some chicken sliders, which were just okay. My girlfriend and I also ordered some appetizer, but I can't remember now.
5	I was here 2 nights ago. This is the best place to be in Vegas provided you can polish off a pint in less than 7 seconds.  Also, this place had the most beautiful tattooed-hipster bar tender in the whole wide room.  She wouldn't give me her digits because I was probably too drunk, but she told me to sing my praises to her on yelp.My hipster love rap I wrote for her:Todd English Pub7 seconds to chug.Free beer, plus this girlOnly seconds to loveBut I wanted it to lastSo now I need some helpI want more than pan flashesShe said, "leave it on 'Yelp'."Now tell me 'do you love me'?Singing lyrics by GusterConfirmed or Plausible?Look like the Girl Myth BusterYour hair so silky redMy feelings hard now to explainMy spidey sense is acting upSo please come be my Mary Jane.Not a smoking referenceDon't dichotomize like PettyJoin my heart breakin' band Cuz I am 'Hipster' readyYou proudly wear your oversizedLeopard patterned glassesSo here's my love confessionalYour test, I hope it passesGot my heart tickin' like a bombcome diffuseYou wear your heart on your sleeveI can see it in your tattoosI said you were my dream girlRebuttal with an awkward poseFailed attempted ugly faceFlared nostrils on a pretty noseDouble pierced tongueI want to check your teeth for enamelA dental hygienist married Sith destroyer Mark HamillStar crossed lovers, yeah,I could be your Jedi KnightAnd if you so agreed to itI'd use the force like every nightNight time raccoon attackYou know I'd suck the rabies outJust to kiss your pale skinLet's churn 'sun-burn-babies' outI'm Burning up, I understand there's prolley not a chance in hellDo me a solid, don't change a bitstay you, you do it so wellTodd English Pub7 seconds to chug.Free beer, plus this girlOnly seconds to loveBut I wanted it to lastbecause it felt so rightI want more than pan flashesjust one more night
1	Absolutely the worst food i've had in a long time.  I'm surprised, because of the location, how they can actually put out flavorless food and unfresh produce.  There are a lot of talented chefs in las vegas, maybe Todd English should think about hiring some of them? (or at least let them add flavor to the corporate recipes?)My bf got the grilled chicken sandwich, which had a big giant bun, and a small, flattened piece of flavorless chicken.  I originally ordered a chopped salmon salad, but when it came, no salmon, and the rest was wilted iceburg lettuce draped over the sides of a bowl with chopped tomatoes and cucumbers inside.  We also got some kettle chips and blue cheese type of appetizer that was inedible as well.Would give four stars to our server.  I can't remember his name, but he was a trooper.  I saw another table complaining about their food as well, so i'm sure its not his first time.  He tried to accommodate us, but there was really nothing he could do. The red sangria was tasty.... so, i'll give one star for that.
4	We came here while on a scavenger hunt in Las Vegas. The bartender was super friendly, I really wish I would have gotten his name. He totally took the time to help us find a California based beer that was on draft. I settled on a refreshing cider, and my boyfriend had the recommended beer.While sitting up at the bar you get a full view of the cooks shucking oysters and it is a pretty intense show. I have plenty of experience with those damn things and it still scared me when I see someone else doing it. Friendly staff, definitely worth stopping by.
2	Really wanted to like this place.  Great atmosphere but the food was mediocre.  I could have overlooked the food were it not for the less than friendly service.  It was a Saturday night but this place wasn't even busy, yet our server acted like we were a huge pain in the ass for even coming in.  Would maybe try this place again because of their great happy hour prices and my eternal optimism.
4	Stopped here for some oysters before Cirque's Elvis show.  They were $2 each and they were beautiful! OMG, we could have eaten them for days.  The sauces they came with were delicious too. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
5	The food was killer! I haven't haven't had a  lobster roll that good since I was in NY and Boston. My wife had the oysters and loved them also. Everything looked great on the menu.
1	this place should be replaced. It's in the new Citycenter development between 2 great hotels and its far from par of its surroundings. First of all, I felt that they didn't have a big selection of beers and that disappointed me from the start. After we waited a while to get our food, most of us were pretty disappointed with that as well. I could barely eat part of my shepherds pie, another person at the table didn't enjoy their burger (seriously how hard is it to mess up a burger), and it seemed that most people didn't even finish their meals. The only person who really enjoyed their meal was my girl friend with her chicken pot pie. This place has Vegas prices but the quality falls far behind. Todd English needs to learn how to cook good (English) food and improve the quality and quantity of the beer selection.
4	Stopped in here for a couple burger sliders as Maestro's was too full for our party of three.  Good little spot. Beers came quickly.  Food came quickly and it was good. If other spots are packed, give this spot a try for quality food and a sports bar atmosphere.
5	Okay, I ate here twice.Both times, I gotta say, in comparison to the overpriced crap you get on the strip, these guys deliver.Service was genuine and kind.The beer selection is pure madness (hence the 5 instead of 4 stars).I mean, seriously. These guys know beer.And the food is lip smacking killer.I got on both occasions: fish and chips, welsh rabbit, and portabella mushroom burger. No misses at all.Can't believe they are on the same property as the Aria.Tip: get the skinny friesTip: Enter through mall entrance to get into the right seating lineTip: Ask for the local beers, some tasty surprises awaitTip: They have Tabasco and Cholula.
4	Great atmosphere and great food, I will come back her next time I'm in Vegas.
4	A must stop every time I visit Vegas. The service so casual and can either be attentive or lacking. I've never had a bad experience, but at the same time I'm not very needy. I see others getting impatient but for some reason it's never affected me.The food is outstanding!!! I've had a few different items but the lobster rolls are beyond good. The sauce, presentation, and portions were perfect. Most recently I sat at the bar, watched some sports and just had an overall great time. I left with a $60 - $70 bill and was very pleased with everything.
3	I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times I ate at the bar.The appetizer chili is great.  The beer selection and the casual ambiance is great too. I got the fresh carved meat - lamb with a few sauces on the side.  The meat was ok, i was expecting it to be more flavorful and moist.  The portion, however, was very large. I could not finish it and I got the single portion.  The side sauces were just ok.  There are other items that look great I still want to try, but the carved meat is their "specialty" which was a little disappointing.
5	Excellent service, fabulous food, great bar. Don't miss the Welsh rarebit--heaven!
2	2.5 Stars....I really wanted to like this place not having tried a Todd English restaurant but unfortunately this place didn't live up to my high celebrity chef expectations.We started off with the dirty chips which sounded good on the menu, but weren't that good in real life. The chips were smothered in REALLY sharp blue cheese which overpowered the entire dish. The chicken livers that were served with it were fried so much they were nearly burnt. The saving grace of that appetizer were the tomatoes and bacon which tried to cut the sharpness of the blue cheese, but to no avail. The bright side of our appetizer ordering were the raw oysters. They were fresh and the cocktail sauce had the right amount of heat from the horseradish.Now on to the entrees. I ordered the chicken pot lie and the sauce was a little too salty. The pie top was nice and flaky though. My husband ordered the New Amsterdam and I think that was the best dish of the evening. It is basically a pastrami Reuben with a hamburger. It was delicious! My sisters ordered appetizers as entrees. The duck buns had too much hoisin sauce and in the sauteed clam dish my other sister ordered about half of the clam shells were empty! The waitress was kind enough to go to the kitchen and get her more.Overall I would say it was an okay experience. Many of the items we ordered fell short, but perhaps it really depends on what you order. Maybe next time I'm in a celebrity chef mood in Vegas, I'll stick to the tried and true DC chefs (aka: Andres, Richard) ;)
2	Came here with a few college friends, so naturally we did the pint challenge.  That is a solid deal if you put on your frat boy hat and man up.  We ordered some bar food which was ok.  The one waitress, who looked like Snooki, must hate her job.  She was very unpleasant, which meant no tip for her.  I'd suggest stroll in and pound a few free pints, then head elsewhere.
4	This place was a surprise for me.  My wife and I had just arrived in Vegas, were starving, and went into this place without much thought.  We were pleasantly surprised by the good drinks and great food.  We ended up coming back here again for lunch later in our trip.  The shepherd's pie here is excellent, with lots of flavor and great texture.  It's not the typical browned, ground meat you get in most other places.  The fish and chips are great too, although not particularly different from any other good fish and chips place you might go to.  The lobster sliders are good but I thought they skimped a bit on the lobster.One thing any of-age person has to try is Todd's sssSweet Tea.  This bourbon cocktail is amazing, and very dangerous.  I could drink these all day, and will probably come back here on my next Vegas trip just to get this drink.
4	Went there twice during a recent business trip and thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, fantastic beer selection and good happy hour deals. As far as food is concerned, I didn't try much because the summer heat in Vegas suppressed my appetite, but what I did sample was tasty. Some of the best Buffalo wings I've had, and only a buck per wing during happy hour. On my second visit I had the delicious chicken parmesan sliders & a few raw oysters (only $2 each all day long) flown in fresh from Vancouver.Beer selection was the best I've seen in Vegas, although very overpriced with craft beers going for around $12/pint. Go during happy hour and they're much more reasonable at half price. I drank Dogfish Head 90 min IPA (my favorite beer) and the Speakeasy IPA which was solid. FYI, glasses of wine are also 1/2 off during happy hour.Great music selection (from Beastie Boys to Zeppelin), attentive bartenders, and quirky but classy decor -  I D.U.G. The P.U.B.
4	Great atmosphere. Good food.
4	Great pub-like atmosphere, beer selection is good, great service and average food.A nice change from some of the surrounding restaurants and their stuffiness or lack their of.My husband and I shared the sliders, the lobster rolls and some fries.  The lobster rolls were suggested to us by the hostess.  Looking back, I feel that it may have been simply because it was one of the more expensive things on the menu.  Either way, I bought it, she won.  The sliders were average, slightly dry and non-impressive.  The lobster rolls (also sliders) were good, not great, just good.  The lobster chunks were good sized but the sauce wasn't super great.  The lobster rolls were served on small  dinner sized rolls and topped with a butter, aioli sauce.  Good, just not great.We sat in the bar area at a low top table.  Service was very attentive, never had an empty drink, all without being pushy or smothering.Next time I'm in town, I will most definitely be back!
4	Even though there is only one meal entree that is vegetarian, they totally score with it!  Sure there are plenty of random sides and alterations to entrees my man and I could have made in order to enjoy vegetarian options but we were still surprised there was only one option. That is until it was in our mouths causing our taste buds to dance a Portobello Mushroom Burger dance of joy and happiness. SO good. I refrained and stayed away from the bucket of fries but from what the man says, they are the best he's ever had. Or one of the best in his top 5, something like that. The burger comes with a side of pickled vegetables that I seriously couldn't stop eating. We shared the burger on our first visit because we weren't super hungry. The second time we went in while on our Vegas trip we shared the Portobello Mushroom Burger and the Iceberg Wedge Salad (vegetarian version) with a side of vinaigrette dressing. I enjoyed two, yes two, glasses of delicious Blanco Sangria filled with peaches and strawberries. I need another glass now! Check this place out. They have a ton (about 40) different beers and the atmosphere is fun. Definitely worth a stop while you're in the Vegas.
4	We decided to try this place out because we were eating late after a show and didn't want to be anywhere too fancy nor too cheap (ie chain fast casual place). I suggested here because I had seen it from time to time while going through the Crystals center on my way to/from Aria, the Cosmo, etc. We were happy to see we came during their late night happy hour. We were starving so got some $1 wings to start. I am not a HUGE wing person, but these were very delicious and although some may find $1/wing "pricey" I thought they were a good deal? They give you real blue cheese too.My bf and I decided to share their carvery platter (lamb) which was amazing and came with some tasty sauces. We had several friends meet up with us and our waitress was very patient considering we had all had quite a few cocktails and the constant seating kept changing as our group grew/shrunk.However, the chopped salad my bf and I also shared was awful and we actually sent it back because it was so bad (basically "chopped" lettuce and... 1 tomato? That is all I remember being on it). Luckily our waitress took it off the bill so no worries-- but one of our friends got a Caesar and wasn't thrilled with it either, so maybe skip the salads all together and just get the unhealthy bar food and meat ;)
4	great service. kinda pricey. I would say 15+ for a burger or sandwich.  But what can you say? You're on the strip.  It was pretty tasty though and they dont take too long on making the food.Oh and they give free popcorn out.
4	Ate here for a late late dinner after an exhausting 60 hours of Vegas. The food was delicious! We ordered off of their carvery portion of their menu. Prime rib and brisket. Both a WOW. I will definitely be going back.The atmosphere was really laid back..then again we did eat there around 10pm. Can't comment on any of the beer though it looked like they had a large selection. Next time
5	We shared the lobster roll and pastrami sliders. Side order of duck fat French fries. Needed to get rolled out of there but worth every calorie. I like the casual and friendly atmosphere. This is a very fun place with an impressive beer selection.  I could see spending an afternoon trying beer and special treats. Ohhh...lobster rolls....
4	I went there for my Birthday.  I wanted casual, fun and also good.  I got what I wanted.This is PUB food on steroids.  It has an extensive beer list and traditional pub food but with a gastro-spin.  I was there with three other people and we all left fully stuffed and satisfied with everything we had.  The waitress was very friendly and let us take our time with having a few drinks and then ordering appetizers and going from there.
4	Terrific service -- waiter provided great recommendations when we couldn't really choose what we wanted off the menu.Casual environment but even those a little dressy fit in.  right in between Aria and Crystals at City Center ... great location.
4	Listened to Yelp and you were right. The lobster roll was great!We came here for a late dinner to make it for happy hour. Great specials!We got $2 oysters and $4 dollar beers if I remember correctly? Great food and I highly recommend for a semi casual dinner in the heart of city center.
4	As a city center resident I eat here quite often. It's almost always full of people and the servers and staff are very friendly. The vibe is an upscale pub with lots of amp,e comfy seating. The oysters are great! 2$ a piece durning happy hour might even make them a little tastier :)  The appetizers are to die for! You really can't go wrong treating this as a tapas bar with friends so you get to try a little of everything! The tuna tar tar is tasty and whatever sauce they use just adds to the over all melt in your mouth texture. The duck buns are a gooey mess of flavor :) unfortunately they do come out a bit dry sometimes... You MUST try the steak tacos again, the sauce is what makes them memorable. Stay away from the parmesan sliders. They just come out overly dry and lacking luster. As for beer options there really is no comparison! The servers are very good at making recommendations and with so many options it can seem daunting to try to pick! They will even make sure you love your beer or replace it till you find one you like. For a casual dining option to watch the game or meet up for happy hour you really can't go wrong with TE Pub
4	Stopped here for a late dinner, huge beer selection, any type of brew seemed to be available. Ordered the mussels and the tuna burger, both were great, nicely done and tasty.
4	Todd English PUB has a lot of things going for it...great location in the City Center, great deals for happy hour, awesome beers on tap so you can make a nice flight (and beers are listed with brewery and location too which melts my cold, cold heart of ice), a beer challenge which I WILL accomplish sometime in my life (anyone know how to do this whole "open your throat" thing I keep hearing about?), and I haven't tried the food, but the menu looks promising.  It's a must see for beer lovers in Vegas.  Go there.
3	The ambiance, beer selection and staff were wonderful. The beer price is steep.  I didn't try the food. A fun place to kill several hours watching the Olympics. I will be back to try the food menu and continue drinking my way through the beer menu.
4	Was pleasantly surprised, I was a little leary after reading all the mixed reviews. After perusing the pictures, we decided to try the lobster roll, wow this was delicious. The lobster was so fresh, and it comes with coleslaw and housemade kettle chips. We also ordered the $2 oysters, and ended up with 2 more orders they were so good. The bar has a Yardhouse type vibe to it. Would be fun to check out for happy hour, I will definitely come back, there were plenty of items on the menu that I want to try.
5	As good as it FREAKING GETS !!!!!!!I'm not usually a fan of beer, but with there various selection of handcrafted beer, you just can't help but to order one! The $2 oysters are fresh and absolutely presented on a fancy smancy tray.As our food was being brought to our table, the mouth-watering smell of the lobster roll traveled faster than the waiter, at which we all immediately made room and waited anxiously for it to arrive at our table. The grilled cheese with bacon and tomato sandwich made me roll my eyes back continually as juice and oil dripped down my fingers.Lastly, (as I've become allergic to shellfish , yes, I know, very unfortunate) my friend ordered the seafood stew and I watched sadly as the rest of the girls devoured and lick the bowl clean; hence, it must be delicious.
4	Definitely a fun place to have good food, good beer, and hang out with friends. I love the vibrant/loud vibe of this place. My husband and I came here while the Olympics were on, and it was really fun to watch on TV while everyone cheered during the events. I had the Ahi burger, which was left nothing to complain about, and finished with "Stephanie's bread pudding", which had Captain Crunch pieces on top - yum! The beer selection is really good, not as good as other places on the Strip, but also nothing to complain about. I would definitely eat here again and recommend it to anyone wanting a fun, pub atmosphere with better-than-pub food.
5	My wife and just had lunch.  Fantastic experience. The food and drink were excellent.   What so much made the day came from two of the most positive, customer focused, fun people I have ever had the pleasure to meet:  Eleanor Armstrong and Laura Berger.  Definitely would recommend.  I will return and expect another terrific time.  Be sure to ask for Eleanor and Laura.
3	My friend and I came in here on a whim after a long morning of pai gow poker. We were totally suckered in by the huge Happy Hour sign. $1 wings, $2 oysters and $3 sliders! The restaurant seemed really busy, so we didn't want to wait for a table. Luckily, there were a couple bar stools open, so we were able to snag a seat rather quickly. The bartender was running around....but didn't seem to notice me or my friend. We sat there awkwardly for a while until he finally brought us some menus. He didn't really talk to us, and he barely cracked a smile. Usually I love chatting up people at the bar, but this bartender just didn't seem very friendly at all. -1 star for the unfriendly serviceWe ordered a couple of oysters and sliders. The oysters were fresh, but I've had better. The sliders were good....but again nothing to rave about. We got to sample some beer from New Zealand (they were doing some sort of promotion). The beer was fantastic. Really light and refreshing. It was exactly what I needed on a hot Vegas day.Nice pub in the heart of the City Center, but I don't know if I'd actually come back for more. The food and beer were both good, but the service was seriously lacking. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas, and this one definitely didn't wow me like others have.
5	Fun day, went to Todd English pub for a quick lunch.  What a great lunch, made even more enjoyable by the bartenders Eleanor Armstrong, and Laura Berger.  Talk about outstanding customer service!  Way to go ladies!!
4	I wish this would open in NYC!Came in with a big group for lunch, but ended up staying for a few hours. They have beer taps built into tables, modernized comfort food favorites, and an extensive beer list. Typically, I would order beer at a pub, but I couldn't resist the strawberry mojito. It might just be the best I have ever had. Food was delicious too!I definitely reccomend PUB.
4	I've passed this restaurant multiple times over previous Vegas trips and not once I stepped inside it until two weeks ago. This is a surprisingly good casual restaurant in the otherwise heart of Aria casino. I would never expect this casual-yet-classy restaurant to be here. It reminds me of home and local bars. The food is top-notch. I ordered a hot dog and my girl ordered the lobster rolls. It was too much food for the both of us but we still finished it. It was all good... I also ordered a pear cider to wash it down. It still a bit pricey for American food (think Denny's but extremely hgh-end quality menu's) but I'm glad I gave this a shot.
4	Happy Happy Happy Hour! From 3-6 M-F half price pints and wine by the glass you cant go wrong! With a wide rang of beer on tap here are my favorites-Anchor Stream-  A San Fran Beer with a toasted malt flavor and a hop finish, you will love itGuinness- You can never go wrong with this stout on tapPyramid Audacious Apricot Ale- I'm usually not one for fruity beers but this is an exception. Amazing Ale with a burst of Apricot and hints of lemon and wheat.Delirium Tremens, Belgium- This hoppy beer that sits at a 8.5% alcohol content is amazing. crisp yet yeasty you will love this beer. But be careful, its strong :)Now for the food...You can never go wrong with starting out with the Beer Battered Onion Rings. they come with this spicy ranch dipping sauce that truly makes the dish.Ive always wanted to try the dirty chips too. kettle chips with bacon bits scallions and chicken livers... ill def try that next time!I had the West Coast Burger for my entree. Its a turkey burger, with sunflower sprouts, bacon, slaw, avocado and dressed with honey mustard. It also came with huge fries. So yum!My friend ordered the New England Fish & Chips. They were truly authentic and amazing. We also shared a side of Mac & Cheese... don't judge us it was worth the calories hahaThe decor is beautiful as well. Surrounded by windows and natural light It was a nice escape from most pubs that are dark and dim. I also noticed they had beer pong pool and darts. How fun! The bartender told us about the drinking contest they had. Drink a pint in under 7 seconds and its free. Now i would never try this but I'm sure it would be fun to watch. All in all this place is a fun change of pace from the typical Strip Restaurant. I suggest it highly!
5	We stopped in for lunch today and loved it.I had the lobster Cobb salad which was loaded with lobster meat and that was a surprise. I really expected a few pieces of lobster  The flavors of all the ingredients worked nicely together and I about licked the plate. My husband had the wedge salad with skirt steak.  A perfect man salad! He really liked it and he's picky. We also shared some skinny fries which were fabulous. It wasn't a cheap lunch, but it was definitely good.
1	Horrible place. Wanted to always try this place and did with a horrible time. The venue looks awesome and the people were ok. But the food is horrible!!! the service so so. So we got seated at a regular booth for 4 people but we decided we want to sit on the table with a keg installed so we can pour our own beer with their tap. We ordered:Corn dog puppies: i can buy them at walmart and put them in a oven myself (F)Spicy crispy chicken wings: really how can you serve this? (D-)Beer battered onion rings: its hard not to go wrong with fried food. (C+)Sliders:  nothing great (C-)Brown butter lobster rolls: i would of expected at least average (D-)Food was horrible!!!Next the whole time while we were ordering and eating and waiting our keg broke and they had a guy fix it the whole time we were ordering, eating, trying to drink. so we had a party of 5 because of the worker. What did Todd English PUB employees and manager decide to do when I complained?"Hey Im sorry, how about a 4 cups of beer?" Thanks but F off.  Will not come back. A really nice venue but failure in their food and service. Isnt a restaurant a place to eat good food and have a good time with friendly workers? Especially at their prices come on now
4	I'm not a fan of Vegas buffets. Those glorified, gluttonous grubfests aren't my thing. So on a Sunday morning, we take a stroll to Aria hotel to get to Todd English Pub. This is the perfect place to unwind and/or enjoy a sobering brunch. We usually come in around noon-ish on Sundays and we've never had to wait. With the hungover crowds lining up at buffets across the way at  Bellagio or Rio, Todd English has been quite peaceful each time we've visited. The longest we've had to wait (for a group of 6+) has been around 10 minutes.The first thing we usually order is the bucket of Traditional Pickles - definitely wakes up the taste buds. My Vegas trips are not the same without them. My boyfriend has gotten oysters from the Raw Bar and on occasion, an oyster shooter or two...and he's loved it. I can never join in on the shellfish escapades due to my obnoxious seafood allergies. Big booooo's. :(Because we usually dine with a group, I've gotten to try a little of everything. Appetizers:I'd recommend the Ahi Tuna "Poke", Duck Buns or Caesar Salad. All pretty tasty yet not too rich. Perfect for a first course.Main courses:- The Veggie Muffuletta is sooooo tasty and not too overwhelming. If you like sandwiches, or you're veggie, I'd definitely recommend it (with EXTRA salsa verde).- The Skirt Steak is to die for. You might also want a side of salsa verde sauce to go with it. Perfect flavors for a Vegas brunch.- How do you go wrong with sliders? Especially BLT sliders?!? And those crispy skinny fries? Ahh heaven!!! You might want to ask for a side of the black truffle mayo to dip those fries in...or maybe that's just me.- And if you like a meaty mouthful (o__O), you can always order meat by the pound at their Carvery. Prime beef, corned beef (my favorite), brisket, pastrami...you name it, they'll carve it fresh for you. Pick a choice of bread + sauces and you have yourself a meaty manwich. It's almost too good to be true.They've also got a hefty collection of beers & beer cocktails. However, I stick to the girly stuff. I've had their bloody mary's, Bellinis, and their Grow A Pear cocktails...and I'm absolutely in love with the latter. Perfect hint of sweetness. Great as dessert actually.As for the vibe, like I said earlier, it's never been busy when we've gone so I'm not sure how it is with crazy crowds...it is a pub, after all. I do love the layout though, it feels open and never congested; the bar is in the middle of the restaurant, like at Yardhouse. I've enjoyed this restaurant/pub each time we've gone. Todd English Pub has definitely become our Vegas Sunday-morning tradition.
5	I love Todd English Pub!  This is actually one of my favorite places to eat on the strip.  Primarily for business luncheons or pseudo-social happy hour, but dinner here is just as nice.  The staff is  always very friendly and quick to assist.  The food is fantastic.  I keep trying new things and am consistently impressed.  And who doesn't love to see a few tourists try to slam a pint of beer in 30 seconds to get it free?  Like dinner and a show!Classy spot with plenty of people watching.  I could sit there for hours enjoying my duck buns and IPA!
5	I had an amazing cheese burger here. the bun was delicious along with the 10oz angus beef patty. Great beer as well and they even have a foosball table!! great job guys!!
3	Food is tasty, they have a good beer selection and the atmosphere is cool. BUT I think the food is overpriced. I know it's Vegas, but still.A great tip...if you can chug beer like a pro go for the 7 second beer challenge. Choose a beer ($10 or less) and if you can finish it in 7 second or less it's free. You can do this twice daily.
5	When lobster is on the menu, there is no question what I will order.  I've been on a quest to find the best lobster roll outside of New England and I've found it!  Big, juicy chunks of lobster, simply dressed, on a toasted, buttered roll.  Yum!  I would travel back to Las Vegas just to order this.  If my travel partner had allowed, I would have eaten every meal here and ordered the same thing.
5	The meal was absolutely fantastic. Ordered a Ahi Tuna Tartare for starter and it was sooo good. Also got the junk chips which were delightful. Crispy fried pickles were great too. Tuna Burger cooked medium rare was next and it was seared perfectly on a whole grain bun, with huge amount of avocado and arugula, perfect. All in all, great food. Service was friendly, attentive, and spot on. Well worth the price.
5	Awesome place, great service. Richard Baldino was an awesome server. Great beer selection!!
1	Don't waste your time or money!  You will easily find something better.   Overpriced.  $11 for glass of beer.  Poor and slow service.  15-20 minutes between each siting of our server.  Nothing tasted fresh. Duck buns were too salty.Sliders: buns were dry and beef was flavorless.Fish and chips was nothing special, have had much much better and paid far less.
5	I have to give this 5 stars for the BEST Chili in Las Vegas (and just about anywhere else...but I haven't been to everywhere else yet...oh...but...it's good...reeeeeal good!)Matthew at the bar is very friendly and can make a killer Old Fashion. BTW - did I mention the fried oyster appetizer?? topped with microgreens with mint too...yum.
4	OK, first rule when you're sitting at the bar here: Throw the peanut shells on the floor, not on the bar! (You'll thank me later for this.)I was at a highly technical conference that was held at Planet Hollywood (where else?) and had a couple of nights on my own. First night, I wanted to see Monday Night Football at a bar and, after Yelp consultation, ended up at PUB. It was great. I had a well-made Manhattan to start and some sort of exotic beer with my lobster rolls. The lobster rolls were excellent - lots of big chunks of lobster with brown butter on three slider rolls. The next night, I went back and had the tuna burger. Again, a fantastic burger with lots of rare tuna and some wasabi oriented sauce that was just perfect with it. I sat at the bar the second night as well. Only down side was that the bartenders seem very busy and you might sit a moment waiting for another drink. It's also a pretty noisy place, so don't go here for a romantic meal. Prices are a bit high, but unlike a lot of places on the Strip you won't walk out feeling ripped off as the quality of the food is very high.
5	My favorite dining experience in four days at the Aria in Vegas... ended up there three times and my husband even more.  In short: amazing food and extensive draft beer menu at a better value than anywhere in the Aria and I imagine elsewhere on the Strip. Our first meal was a Sunday brunch.  At 10am in late September, it was just cool enough to enjoy our meal outside, watching an NFL game on a big screen they had wheeled out.  After much deliberation and consultation with the server, I had a salad and the lobster rolls - best meal of my whole trip.  Just amazing.  Order them, several times if you can.  They were offering an impressive Bloody Mary menu... not our thing but I'm sure many others would love to add smoked gouda or bacon or beef broth to their Maries.  We instead ordered fancy $11 seasonal fest draft beers - a deceptively great deal considering the $8 Bud Lights everywhere else on the Strip.  Second meal: dinner.  After demolishing the toasted pretzel appetizer, I couldn't finish the second half of my grilled cheese panini with brie and bacon.  I do consider myself a connoisseur of both soft pretzels and brie sandwiches - I can't emphasize enough how good these were. Third "meal": late afternoon happy hour.  TE PUB offers a decent Happy Hour for Vegas standards (somewhat decent for DC standards): 3-6pm and 10pm-??, half-price draft beer, $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders.  I hated the Woodchuck Pumpkin Reserve I ordered (who can drink that nonsense?), and my awesome waitress replaced it no charge.  Three of us shared some wings - perfectly tender and seasoned - but in retrospect I regret not getting the soft pretzels again. Laid-back ambiance, the kind of place I would love to frequent in DC, a nice break from the "chic" of the Aria and the general excess of Vegas.
5	Great food, fast service and free comedy relief. Thanks Richie Baldino! We had the Fried Bologna Sandwich, which was great if you like fried bologna (I do!). We also had the Buffalo Burger on Richie's suggestion, also very good, but you'd better be hungry, it's a ten ounce burger!
4	Yummy but costly...
4	How oh how have you been hiding from me!!?Everything about the lobster roll is mouth-orgasmic... Including the roll ( So be careful anti-carbs-citizens)! The grilled cheese bacon panini is p horrifically amazing! I dare you to try it
4	We went in on a Thursday night. The service was AMAZING! Matt was the bartender and he was super helpful and cool. He recommended the lobster rolls and they were pretty good. They were a little heavy on the bread and claw meat but overall pretty good. We also had the corn dogs and wings. Both were very good. Beer selection is not great, but I'm not a fan of any imported beer. I just have a taste for American beer I guess, but overall, a great place to spend a low-key evening in Las Vegas.
1	Honestly the worst experience we had in Vegas.Waitstaff was SUPER slow. It took us an hour and a half to eat sub par food.My girlfriend ordered a salad to start and beef sliders. I ordered the Carvery - beef brisket on sourdough.An hour after we ordered, drinks long gone and waitress nowhere to be found the food shows up. No dressing on the salad.Sliders were bland. Meh.The Carvery 8oz of brisket and 2 pieces of sourdough that they couldn't be bothered to toast, and 2 minuscule little sides of sauces - (you get to choose 2) was underwhelming. How bout some fixings, tomatoes, lettuce, what not to maybe make a sandwich? It also came with some gross pickled veggies.BOTTOM LINE: Skip it and do tapas next door
3	We have been to PUB a couple of times now.  On both occasions we have eaten and also taken on the 7 second beer challenge.The beer challenge is a lot of fun - you used to be able to select form any beer on the - very extensive menu - but now you are limited by price to only certain beers - and you have 7 seconds to down your pint.  If you succeed you get the beer for free (limit of two) if not, you have to pay for it.I would recommend that you pick a less gassy beer (my favorite is Boddington's, very smooth).As for the food, we have tried 5 or 6 of the entrees (as our last visit was in a large group) and it really wasn't that great - sometimes it has been the flavors, sometimes the "secret" ingredients that aren't listed on the menu but come as garnishes on the plate.Their fries are pretty good (sweet, steak and frites) so I would say get a side of those.The food prices are a few bucks more than I think are reasonable and on any future visits I think we will stick to just some drinks and eat elsewhere.I suppose it is just our taste in food as we ate at Todd English's "Olive" in Bellagio on a previous trip and didn't much care for that either.
4	Great lunch spot, we got a table outside and the people watching was wonderful!  My husband's brisket platter was fantastic, my lobster cobb salad was just so-so.  Good, reasonable wine list.  I can't drink beer, I'm allergic to yeast :(, but the beer list is awesome!  Good service despite being very busy.  Definitely recommend for a casual lunch.
4	I love this place but there is one Bartender that odd. I think his name is Mark. Anyway he can cock block with the best of them! Watch out boys is your looking for a date!
3	I  like to concept of a casual pub, especially in a higher end hotel/shopping mall. For my first visit here, my co workers and I came in for lunch and I had the chicken pot pie. I know it is usually better to have more meat or protein in dishes,  but there was way too much chicken in this pot pie. My second visit, I had a  variety of  their carved meats. The carved meats were good and they came with more than 6 sauces as a spread. Part of the carvery meats, you also get rolls, so you can make your own sandwich if that's how you like it. Overall, it's a nice restaurant to get casual food.I am meaning to come back to check out their happy hour..... $1 oysters, can't beat that.
4	Was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and stayed at Aria.  We decided to try Pub since we've liked Todd English's restaurants before.  The restaurant was really noisy and packed for a monday night, but that didn't detract from anything.  I started off with a couple of appetizers.  First we had the fried oysters with a scallion aioli.  The oysters were huge, plump, succulent, and perfectly fried.  We also had a mussels appetizer, which was also tasty.  For the main course, I had the lobster roll.  While tasty, the bread was a little greasy.  I also ordered a side of the bubble and squeak.  Now, this dish I did not care for.  It tasted like it had too much wine in it that was not cooked out, leaving a raw alcohol taste, which was not very palatable.
3	My wife and I ate there last Saturday.  We were pressed for time and they got us in, fed and out just in time to make our show.  The food was pretty good.  I had the carvery chicken and enjoyed it.  My wife had the bangers and mash and thought it was just ok.
4	Had lunch on Friday 11/2.  Great experience, very cool Pub interior, tables with taps!  We sat outside in a very pleasant atmosphere.  Service was perfect, attentive and informative but not intrusive.  Fish and chips may have been the best I have had outside of London.  Highly recommend it.
4	Deep down, I was hoping to glimpse the model-gorgeous owner, Todd English. After meeting him at his original Olives in Boston at a private function that he hosted, I still remember what a gracious host he was...even though I couldn't get past how good looking he is in person. Ok...oh yes, I was going to write a review on The Pub...Fresh fresh seafood  - as soon as you walk in, you see the shrimp and oysters on ice. Raw bar heaven.Great beer selection; moderately priced and great service. Skinny and fat french fries; you have your choice; I like that!Tuna = have it a lot of ways and each way is excellent. Our table had tuna three different ways: the burger, the ahi tuna on wontons, the tuna stack. Outstanding!Very busy. This is a place where you can get in/out in an hour, catch a show, blow your money at the tables and then come back again in the morning for their killer Bloody Mary.Great buzz, open kitchen, clean. Loved it. Easy to see how you could come here a couple times a day. Next time, maybe Todd will be there...or at his Olives inside Bellagio!
2	I have tried Fish and Chips at pretty much all the English pubs in Vegas. Even though the price was really high, I did that again.Ouch! It sucked really bad.... It wasn't crispy at all (it was more like fritter) and the cod was very thin. Very greasy (I know all fried food is greasy - but in this case, the oil they use is bad, I guess). Not fresh at all (maybe frozen fish?). I also ordered a pint of Guiness draught - it was like 18 bucks or something,,, super ridiculous! Wasn't taste good either (meaning it wasn't fresh). I'd rather go to Irish Pub in Mandalay Bay. Food is better, price is cheaper, and Guiness draught is much better. My server was super slow and bitchy, btw. FDP.
4	The waiter was extremely friendly and attentive, the beer selection was good but not fantastic, the food was quite good.The lobster roll was really good and so was the corned beef sandwich.  I'd recommend picking on of those specials they have where you choose the type of meat and bread and the you make your own sandwich.The price was on the high side but i believe they run special happy hours regularly so if you don't mind the crowd you can go there during those times.
4	Went here for a very quick happy hour special, 3 hours before our flight.$1 wings - pass on these, they're not very good.$20 = flight of beer and sliders4x 5oz flight - excellent! Beers are high quality and the four in our flight were not even listed in our extensive menu.and 3 sliders = cheesesteak, asian slaw + salmon, turkey; all were excellent and very filling together. Service was just OK; we felt neglected and it took a long time for our food come out. However, it was very busy for a weekday afternoon, and the complimentary gorgonzola popcorn at the beginning kept us occupied while we waited for a server.
4	Cool restaurant atmosphere and tasty food. I like the option to build your own sandwich with bread, meat, sauces and side. You'll definitely be able to make a combination that suits your tastes.
2	The service here was really slow. They host was hilarious and very friendly but everything took a really long time. For Vegas the one good thing was they had a $3 beer special so that was nice to see. I got the soft pretzels and my friend got the corn dog puppies. It is a really pricey lunch menu so we were a little disappointed in that for pub food.
3	Descent microbrew.  My sliders were pretty good.  She got the chicken pot pie which was soupy and disappointing.   I'd like to give them a better review but sending out chicken soup with some puff pastry on top shows a lack of quality.
4	Tasty and fun.  You can't get much better than that.Came here before a show on a Friday night around 7:30.  Wait wasn't bad at all.  They have a pretty extensive beer list, but I didn't partake as I was already happy from the happy hour at Comme Ca if you know what I mean.The food was so yummy!  I got the shepherds pie and the beef/pork ragu was probably one of the best shep pie fillings I've had.  My husband got this pastrami burger that was so big, my TMJ acted up when I took a bite.  You know a burger's good when your jaw unhinges trying to get it.  The pastrami on that burger was surprisingly very peppery.  My brother's girlfriend got the amazing and legend-waitforit-dary grilled cheese sandwich.  It was huge, cheesy, melty, and made with brie.  She wolfed that whole thing down and she only weighs like 100 pounds.  The fries, both the skinny and steak cut, were cooked to perfection.Had a great time, but can't give it 5 stars because of three things:1.) The floor is super slippery and when you have heels on and are a little sloshed, this is not good.2.) There is a bathroom attendant...........really?  At a pub?3.) The prices are pretty steep for the type of food being served, but, hey, it's the Strip.
4	Excellent variety of ciders with an awesome happy hour.  Well, awesome because it brought the drinks down to a reasonable price. The happy hour food specials were pretty tasty too.  If you order the pretzels make sure you have someone to share them with.  The staff were all very fun and chatty.  I'll def hit this happy hour up next time I'm in town.
3	This review is based on a brunch, here's the breakdown:Food: 3/5Atmosphere: 3/5Service: 2/5Food-I ordered the corned beef, potato, with egg on top skillet.  I found it to be pretty bland.  The corned beef itself was good but the potato cubes had no flavor.  I thought the egg on top was going to be a sunny side up egg, but it seems to have been over cooked and was more of a sunny side up hard boiled egg.  My wife had the cured salmon bagel tacos and they were pretty good and creative.  We also had a side of pickles (different flavors), I expected something like a New York deli pickles but there didn't seem to be much variety in the group.Atmosphere-It is loud in here.  This is a hotspot for the hangover crowd (their specialty is organic bloody mary's).  The decorum is simply...pub.Service-We waited about 10 minutes before our waitress made it over.  When my wife asked what cure salmon was ( I had already told her it was cold smoked salmon but she didn't believe me) the waitress replied that it was grilled.  When we got the dish it was indeed cold smoked salmon.  To say the least, service is lacking... we saw the waitress just before as it was time to see the bill the second time.  Prepare to fend for yourself.Would I come back?  Maybe
4	2 years on and still very good.  Can you drink a beer in 7 seconds?This is where the Hendrick's Martini became the go to.  The guys behind the bar know their sh!t and make the place more fun.
4	i would say its good but not 5 star amazing.  i had the seafood stew.  i liked it but it was a little salty for me but it was good.  the fatty fries are really good.  they remind me of KFC wedges.  they had happy hour $1 wings but it was $1 per wing and it was small.  my friend had the portobello mushroom burger and she was surprised when it came.  she expected a mushroom on top of the patty but the mushroom WAS the patty.  so the entire burger is a veggie burger.
2	Well this experience couldn't shake a stick to the last one...We went to lunch here b/c we were wanted to shop at the largest Louis Vuitton in North America located in the Crystals Mall. It was this place or Wolf Gang Puck's in the center of Crystals.My personal belief is anyone who eats here is either staying at Aria [very high end] or shopping at Crystals [extremely high end] b/c the restaurant sits right b/w the two locations and there's no real access from the street [so you have to be looking for it to find it]. Also, parking is very tricky, there's no lot close to it, so you are forced to walk through the mall or Aria to get to this location.We walked in and it was freezing cold in here, like lower than 60 degrees b/c it was 60 outside and it was almost unbearable. [Strike 1]Then we got accosted and I mean accosted by the horrible, terrible, kill your puppy and eat it, eh-music. It was like Deathstar meets headbanging and it was LOUD so very very LOUD, it hurt my ears, my little brain rattled in my own head.  I think maybe the Devil was speaking to me, but I'm not exactly sure. [Strike 2]So we mentioned to our waiter, Eric, that the music was pretty bad and very loud. He completely agreed and proceeded to tell us it was the Chef's personal iPod playing. [Strike 3--what manager allows this to happen?] The music was so bad we started screaming to one another [b/c that's the only way you could hear each other] to name that tune...then Shazam came out!  Here's a selection of the music that was being played at a high end restaurant at 11:15 am -- Barracuda- Heart, I am the highway- Audioslave [wha wha who?], The Doors [can do!], and STP [Here I come a little much at 1130 am but will work over Marilyn Mansion "we're all stars in the dope show"--not kidding!].  Now, we were probably one of the only tables not dressed in business suits and not over the age of 40...I can assure you this cannot be the music that a business lunch wants to hear or even notice, b/c you could not NOT notice it.  Eric did get them to turn it down...which only alleviated the issue slightly. Onto the Food- --We ordered the pickle basket for $7, it was delicious, reminded me of something Carnegie gives you for *free* to start your meal...so keep that in mind.--They also brought warm popcorn over which was tasty, so ask for that early, the bar [not our table] had peel and eat peanuts.  --One lady in our party ordered the Caesar Salad, looked nice, too much dressing, priced at $17, which is a little steep for a salad at lunch. Thank God we got that awesome music!--I ordered the lobster rolls, butter and Aioli on the side, priced at $24. In the Yelp pix these things look huge, in actuality they are about 1.5 inches long and maybe stuffed w/ 1-2 ozs of Lobster meat, thank baby Jesus for the Coleslaw and pickles or else I would've left hungry.  I would not order them again for a meal, maybe a starter if you had 3 people. They were appetizer size in my opinion. They came w/ kettle chips which I let others at the table eat. I also ripped some of the bread away from the sandwich b/c the ratio of bread to lobster was like 3:1.--We also got the lamb carver sandwich with sourdough, horseradish sauce and black truffle mayo--excellent choice, probably the best choice at the table $18. Lamb was done perfectly, a little on the rare side, and was moist and flavorful.  Choices of sauces was excellent as well. It came with pickled cauliflower [gross], I think a better side choice is in order here.--Our other co-worker, who is preggers, was dying for the foot-long hotdog priced at $16. She ate the whole thing and seemed to enjoy it. So in summation, would I go back, NO I'd try something else.
1	First off we get there right at time it opens we were seated and got our drinks.  We ordered. And waited and waited.  Nothing. And waited.  Nothing.  Finally we flag our waiter down and he's like I'm so sorry ill go check.  As we look around everyone who came in after us already got their food. No worries they will get it.  So we finally get it. It was cold.  Like it was sitting out for over 40 min (our wait time after ordering).  So we tell the waiter he apologizes. They bring it back.   Still cold. We decide we can't eat this and we ask for the check.  The waiter asks us if we are doing good and Howe food was we tell him and he apologizes. The manager comes and apologizes and comps our meal It looked good but too cold to eat. Maybe we give it another chance one day but not right now.
2	$40 for a pitcher of Strawberry Lemon Mojito was a total rip off. The pitcher came half full of ice which totally diluted all the buzz we were hoping for. The oysters were also dry. Rather disappointing.
4	Lobster Rolls!!!   So good!Fun place to go with a group when you first arrive in Vegas.  Make your party compete in the "Down your beer in 7 seconds" contest.  If you do it, your beer is free!  Good way to start the trip.  Bit of advice... The Bodingtons ale goes down the smoothest.  Shhh, that can be your little secret.  More advice, get the lobster rolls... and the fried pickles.  Mmmmmmm.
4	Oysters!
4	I tripped across this place while looking for somewhere to eat. I read the menu and saw they had 'Firestone' Beer, that was all I needed to see. The food was pretty good. I ate at the bar so service was prompt. I looked through their other beers and was extremely impressed. They have the Best beer selection in all of Las Vegas that I've seen so far. It is pretty expensive though. I highly recommend this place any anyone who knows good beer.
5	We enjoyed the late night happy hour and had some wonderful food.  Mini Corn Dogs and Oysters for Rob, we shared Sliders and then I also had the Bangers and Mash because of my heritage, I just had to try their version.  The service was EXCELLENT and the atmosphere was jovial but not too loud (weeknight and late at night maybe?).  We will return.  Also check out the water cyclones in the Crystals shopping center, they are a blast.
4	Very good food and good beer.  Cozy atmosphere, and good service.  Felt like good ole Chicago.
3	Terrible Lobster Rolls, Solid Ahi Tuna and free beer if you chug it in under 7 seconds. Oddly enough, I kind of liked Todd English Pub, but not enough to give it 4 stars.Good spot for beers if you're trapped at the Aria for 6 days and don't have much interest in venturing out2014 visit: Cioppino was actually decent.
4	Sorry--this review will be pretty narrowly-focused, but with good reason.  This place makes a slow-cooked beef brisket that's perfect.  So many places make briskets that are chewy and dry.  The brisket here had the tenderness and flavor that only comes with very slow cooking.  If you like brisket and you're in LV, go here.  Other food was great but a bit heavy.  Atmosphere as you'd expect--lots of tv's, lots of people.  Wait staff was well-informed and friendly.  Service was prompt--maybe a little too prompt.  We got our food very soon after ordering it.
1	Do you enjoy being ignored?  By nearly very employee?  Standing at the door having numerous employees look through you as they saunter by to lean against the bar to have a chat with the bartender?  Finally having to ask someone about seating and being told, before 11 pm on a Saturday night, that the kitchen is closed?  Me neither.  So this isn't a review on their food, it's a review on the utter disdain their employees have for their customers, or in this case, a never was, never will be customer.  My husband grew up in Vegas, we've been back here frequently to visit family and have eaten at a number of restaurants in every category from hole in the wall to 3 star Michelin and I can say with utmost certainty it was the worst experience I've ever had.  Meh.  With such limited late night dining in the deserted Crystals, I imagine PUB will go the way of Beso in five, four, three.....
4	Sometimes you just want a nice beer in Vegas, and it turns out this place wedged between Aria and Crystals was a solid choice for some afternoon libations. We actually came here twice during our weekend trip, and it was a solid choice for both food and a wide beer selection (I think we even had champagne?). The style of the restaurant is fun -- it's got that modern pub look that's not trying too hard to look old, and there is a great little patio area for people watching. Although we did get some odd looks for sitting out there, but hey December in Vegas is basically summer to Seattleites like us! One word of warning: if you're planning on using your Aria dining credit here you technically can't. I only found this out after checkout that the credit only applies to restaurants "in Aria." After about a half-second of stating my confusion to the customer service associate said not to worry about it and applied the credit anyway. So it worked out in the end, but c'mon, half of this bar is basically in the hotel and they are all under the MGM umbrella anyway.
3	Average. I've had the burger as well as the seafood stew. Both were good, but nothing out of the ordinary. What irked me about the restaurant is the service. I was contemplating giving a 2 star simply due to the ridiculously terrible service. The waiter today was nonchalant and simply going through the motions of appearing to be helpful. The manager was the worst. Our table of six and the table behind us were watching the bear's game. With only 8 minutes left in the game, it got switched to some other game that was just starting. It took them about 10 minutes to switch it back and the manager insisted that all ten of us have been watching the other game this entire time and that the game has not been switched. Seriously?? You're going to question the judgment of 10 of your paying guests and refuse to change the channel when you are supposed to be a sports bar? Ridiculous.
4	WOW the best brown butter lobster roll.  Everything about it is perfect.  How can I get this in San Francisco?  BTW, comes with good slaw too. Highly recommended!
3	I am not a big fan of all of the restaurants on the strip with famous chefs names on them.  But this place looked interesting on the outside and i was craving a burger so i decided to stop in.  A buddy and i sat at the bar and decided to order a few burgers.  Our bartender was awesome and accommodating.  I am a huge fan of pickled foods so i ordered the new Amsterdam.  Burger, Swiss, sauerkraut, and pastrami. All of my favorite things.  But i could not taste any of them cause of the damn brioche bun that is all the new rave these days.  It just mutes all of those amazing pickled flavors i should have been tasting.  The burger is too big to fit in any normal persons mouth.  When i go to eat a burger i want to taste ground beef that is seasoned perfectly throughout and whatever else i choose to top it with.  All i got was brioche bun which is so filling and taste muting.  I had a few fries but i was stuffed by the burger.  It is a fun restaurant i will give it that, everyone was having a great time i just want to know what happened to the sweet tasting soft buns that let one taste the burger!
3	So disappointing. The service was horrible. Beer tap selection was sad. Had an Old Guardian because it was somewhat interesting. Food? Our server forgot to order it. The "frickles" and fries were so-so. Save your money and find a Sin City Brewing Co. Station instead.
5	We went to Todd's four out of five nights on our most recent trip to Vegas.  And almost stayed an extra day just to go again.  No joke.Where do I start?7 Second Beer -- can you drink a pint in about 7 seconds?  If so, and if you pick one $10 or less it's free  Up to two per day.  Go with Boddington's or another nitrogen-charged beer.  It goes down more smoothly.  But don't break the glass when you slam it down on the bar.  The bartenders will hate you and you'll bleed everywhere.  Apparently this actually happens.Pastrami -- best pastrami I've ever had.  Ever.  Best pastrami ever.  It is sinfully juicy yet not visibly or tactile-y {is that a word?} fatty.  Great peppery bark and just the best thing ever on rye with the horseradish and mustard trio.  The pickles that are served with it {cauliflower, cucumbers and such} are also incredible.  Not too tangy or salty.  OMFG  An 8 ounce portion is enough to share and share you should; you want to save room to try other stuff.Pastrami burger -- one of the top three burgers I've ever had  It looked I seriously {seriously} thought my pescatarian fiance would break down and take a bite.  It was a perfect rare/mediurm rare and beautifully red in the middle  The flavor was outstanding and while it was topped with goodies, the meat really stood up on its own.  The fries with black truffle aioli were also great but were totally overshadowed by the burgerMussels -- best mussels I've ever had.  Inappropriately good.  Like pornographic.  You get a huge pile of large, perfectly cooked, perfectly tasty oysters.  Not remotely chewy.  And the sauce - oh, the sauce!!!  Ask for extra bread to soak up the brothy, tomatoey goodness  Holy mother of all things delicious.Pretzel stick thingies with cheese sauce -- came out piping hot and great for absorbing those ill-advised shots after making friends with every bartender in the house  Fish and chips -- the best fish and chips we have ever had.  Again - not kidding  The fish {cod?] was huge.  Like over a foot long.  And probably three inches thick.  And beautiful and flaky and fresh and flavorful.  Served with fantastic cole slaw {different from the cole slaw with the lobster rolls???}.  And fat fries  de-freakin-licious.Lobster rolls -- the "worst" food item we tried.  Meaning it wasn't the best or among the best of that item we had ever tasted.  Our only complaint was that it was too saucy.  Would have preferred to been able to taste more of the huge lobster pieces stuffed into the brioche style buns.  They came with great cole slaw.  Think KFC but way less mayonaissey and way fresher.Beer -- a freaking fantastic beer selection.  One of the top three I can think of in terms of scope, quality and size.  Don't know what you're doing?  Ask for a recommendation from the bartenders.  They know their trade  Maybe try a cask ale.  Nom nom nom.  Interested in Coors Light?  Go kill yourself.  Or you'll be the guy down the bar who was literally laughed at by the bartender.Happy hour -- whaaaaat?  They have two.  I think one is from 4-7 and the other is from 10 - ???  Half price drafts.  This means you can get outstanding beers are very reasonable prices  $1 wings, $2 oysters and $3 sliders.  The oysters are always $2, but whatever  The wings were fairly small but very tasty and served with a chunky blue cheese.  The oysters were also not huge, but of good quality and served with some of the hottest horseradish I have ever had.  And also with straight up seaweed, son.  Eat it.  The slider was a good size and high in quality.  Also not cooked to a crisp.  I dipped it in my leftover wing blue cheese.  Awww yeah.Bartenders -- they are GREAT here.  Super friendly and super knowledgeable.  Tip them well because you will be going back and back and back if you know what's good for you.  Marielle {sp?}, Tom and Ashley primarily took care of us during our most recent visits.  They are just the best  A few things to note:There are dining tables with built in taps that keep track of how much you've poured, to the 1/10th pint.  Help yourself.  There are bathroom attendants.  Probably the only thing I don't like about Todd's, but the attendants were friendly and not really annoying.Did I mention seven second beers?A bunch of TVs with at least two big screens on each side of the bar to catch the game
2	Good bloody Mary bar; not $16 good, but good. Great strawberry mojito; well worth whatever I paid for it. They drew me in with their fried bologna sandwich. Totally gross, I know. In my defense, I grew up with fried bologna sandwiches and have nostalgic memories attached. The bologna wasn't fried enough for my taste! The Texas toast was too buttery and way too much mayo.
4	Came here for happy hour on our last day in Vegas. Can't vouch for the normal food but am a big fan of the atmosphere, drinks, and "finger" food. They have $1 wings, $2 oysters, and $3 sliders during happy hour. The wings and oysters were pretty good -- oysters also came with horseradish and a delicious vinegar sauce. They have a pretty good drink menu with a huge selection of beers. The strawberry mojito is delicious!! Get a pitcher for $40 and split it with friends. A few people at our table also got adult milkshakes which were pretty good, but apparently not as good as the regular milkshakes.Atmosphere is very casual.. we were there on a football day and the entire restaurant/bar got super loud. Overall a great place to hang out with friends.
5	Eleanor the bartender: fuckin' awesome. Period.
4	Todd English P.U.B., like most Vegas Strip eating establishments is totally overpriced for what you get, but, whatever, you're on vacation, live it up. The fish and chips were excellent and huge portions. I wish I had requested skinny french fries instead of the wedges that it comes with, because it was a bit much. The reviewer who posted a photo of his fish and chips had a very different experience than I and my dinner companions did. We easily had twice as much food on our plates. The lobster rolls was AMAZING and something I still dream about... They went the deliciously decadent butter method versus the gross mayonnaise method which I full support. Also, a huge selection of beers. The decor, had a bit too much of an "American Pickers" theme going on, but it was still pleasant.
4	Great bartender! (Crystal F. is very professional, and she effortlessly charmed every bar patron, including me!) New Amsterdam burger/sandwich is great! Fried pickles and beers too. Grilled cheese left a lot to be desired, as did disappointing fried oysters. Overpriced generally but not at all unreasonable for hotel prices.  Happy hour pricing makes a big difference! One of the better options at Aria.
5	Came here during our annual Christmas vacation and the service and lobster rolls did NOT disappoint! We forgot to have dessert, maybe too many oysters on happy hour! BUT we love this place and the staff is so awesome! on our list for must stop in Vegas!
5	The brown butter lobster rolls are literally the best lobster rolls I have ever had in my life--lobster rolls are my favorite food, I get them everywhere. Along with $2 oysters, who could ask for anything more? The service is phenomenal. The atmosphere is great. Come and eat here! Immediately! A perfect lunch stop. Charlie, Mariel, Crystal are PHENOMAL!
4	We've been to Pub probably half a dozen times.  We recommend it to friends who are in town and they never report back negatively.  As many yelpers note, the carved meats are fantastic here.  The prime beef with horseradish sauce and blue cheese is my wife's staple order now.  It's the best roast beef I've eaten.  I get many things, but the macaroni and cheese is a winner.  The lobster rolls are another repeat order for us, and we've loved them every time.  I've never had anything off of the raw bar, but I've heard good things.The beer list is expansive and pricey, but it's in the heart of the Strip so that's to be expected.  But, there are several options for ordering.  Fantastic atmosphere, fun place, and excellent food.  Definitely come to Pub.
4	Good drink selection and service,  The a prime Rib Chili was good, not great.  If it were chunky style - with someway to tell he meat was actually prime rib, it old have been better.  Campbell's Chunky Steak chili is as good, if ot better. Overall, a good experience.
5	Great menu and atmosphere.  Awesome beer selection.  Steve is an awesome waiter
4	it's tough to find a quality place in a new casino in vegas and not overpay,,,after a bit of looking I believe this is the place. good happy hour, great food and selection make his place a home run @ the Aria casino
3	I will keep this short....Ate here for lunch. Most of the food was a 4 but the service was a 2 hence my 3 star rating. Got seated right away then we just sat, and sat and sat. They we sat and waited for drinks and then we waited forever for food that all came out at different times. Then we sat about 10-15 waiting for our check after we asked our waitress for it. I will most likely not repeat visit this establishment
3	Vegas buffets are glorious and all, but i didn't feel like losing all self-esteem before going out one particular night, so I came to check out Todd English P.U.B. Good food. Great beer selection. Tons of TV to watch any games while you eat. However, prices will keep me from visiting this place too often in the future.The environment is loud and fun. I really liked the place mats because they had quotes praising the awesomeness of alcohol. My favorite was by Frank Sinatra saying "I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day." Now the food. We came for happy hour, so the sliders and oysters are HH prices.Sliders ($3) - The meat is cooked great, which is sometimes hit and miss when dealing with sliders. The buns are soft and buttery. Great slider, but 3 dollars is a steep price to pay for such a small thing.Oysters ($2) - I was unimpressed with the oysters. They didn't taste fresh, and it felt really water-y. No brine-y or sweet burst of flavor. The cocktail sauce was good, but I think a good oyster needs to be able to stand on its own.Lobster Roll ($24) - Soft, toasty and buttery texas toast. Succulent lobster meat. The lobster roll was fantastic. Again, the price is steep at $24, but of the three things I tried, the lobster roll was the most worth the price.Also, beers are half priced during happy hour, which is great because the selection is extensive.
4	Their take on nachos was really tasty. It has one of those menus where I just want to order everything! We had great service here. Great interior design too that doesn't feel like you're in a mall, even though you basically are.
4	I can't speak to any food here other than the dirty chips, or the naughty chips, or the filthy chips, or whatever they are called, except to say that you should get them.  Get. Them.  You and your cardiologist will thank me later.They are plenty for two to share and they are insanely good.  I stuffed myself silly with them and would have eaten another full order if I had been wearing sweat pants with Spandex and didn't care about living maybe just a few years longer.The drink menu is frankly so varied and extensive as to be incredible and the prices are high for just about all food and drinks on the menu, but you're in Las Vegas so I don't want to hear whining about high prices.  If you pay a lot and get quality in return, I'm ok with that.Last, the music is insanely, ridiculously, offensively, needlessly and obnoxiously loud.  If I ever return, I'm going to sit out on their little exterior patio (which is outside of the restaurant shell even though you are still in a covered mall).  which is too bad because the interior of this joint is attractive.  I am not into shouting and losing my voice over a plate of raunchy chips just because some a-hole thinks painfully loud and bad music equals "excitement" or something.  Just sit on the patio, get the heinous chips, order some drinks, and enjoy.
4	Lots of food choices... and they are delicious. Some our group tried and loved... brie and bacon grilled cheese, fried oysters, fried pickles and sliders. Food good... service... not soo good. Slow and they dont seem to care. But if u can get beyond that.. food is good.
5	I have been here several times with friends and family. This is one great place for beer, food and a fun time!  They have a wide selection of beers and they even have the table where you can pour your own beer! How fun is that! I tried several of their dark beers last time I was there and I certainly will return for their Gluten free beer, what an intrresting concept.  For food, I enjoy fried pickles lots! The tsweetness and sourness match perfectly with the cripsy outside. Another appetizer is the duck buns. The bun seems a bit too much but the duck is juicy and delicious. Main course I like the beef brisket and prime ribs in their bbq section. . Lamb chop is a great choice too but unfortunately they do not have mint jelly. My all time favourite is the shepherd's pie which is a must order !
4	Lobster rolls with brown butter? Yes, please!!!  Wings and fish and chips were tasty, too.  Only off note was the mussels which were ice cold on top and thermonuclear at the bottom due to the wrong shape serving bowl.  The order was immediately replaced and the second batch was perfect.  Shana the bartender was great and mixed a mean spicy bloody.  Will be back soon.
4	I honestly enjoyed our experience here at Todd English. We went there during lunchtime at a weekday. Blanco Sangria Pitcher for $30.00 was fruity and refreshing (YUM)4 Raw Oysters - Fresh!Lobster Rolls and Chips (So ummmy)Seafood Soup (Kinda Chowder like) GoodBill total was $92.+Our server Melissa was awesome. We were seated at a quiet corner overlooking the kitchen. It was fun seeing the dynamics of how their kitchen work. We enjoyed our lunch here.. or did the Sangria just kick in???
4	Expensive Pub food, but the quality and service are outstanding.  We arrived for Happy Hour and had oysters, nachos, and shrimp.  It was a great experience.  The atmosphere is sports bar like and the beer selection provided plenty of options.  I will definitely check out Todd English P.U.B. next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Best sweet potato fries and ranch in Vegas, hands down!Stumbled upon this place after wandering around Aria and City Center on our first night in Vegas and the P.U.B. won over my fiance in a hurry.  Came in for some delectable brews and of course, these sweet potato fries.  Tried a multiple number of drinks and each one was delicious!  The Mead is FANTASTIC... especially for people like me who aren't into hoppy and bitter beers.  Also the Strawberry Lambic Mojito is delicious and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants something less brewy and more cocktaily. Oh, but I haven't even told you the best part.  LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR is the jam!  Great drink specials and good deals on appetizers.  YES PLEASE!!The food is pretty good too...we obviously came back for more than just fries before we left Vegas (very helpful that we were staying at Vdara).  Split a chicken sandwich for lunch - definitely splitable for two people without enormous appetites.  Topped off with a couple of drinks and we were in business.  The Bloody Mary's were all the rage on Saturday afternoon for brunch but I'm not a Bloody Mary drinker myself so I passed.  I will say though, I wouldn't have another Oyster Shooter there... incredibly disgusting.  Washed it down with my Strawberry Lambic Mojito and I was A-OK!Love love love and HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	OMG I wish I could come back soon to eat everything else on the menu.  Its high end bar food for sure, the lobster roll was the best I had.  Great beverage selection and dont forget to make your own bloody mary!
5	The food gets expensive here quickly, but the service is flat out outstanding. This became our favorite place to hang out in Vegas because it was so comfortable. Good beer specials if you like IPAs. Wine Wednesday is a great deal. But I keep coming back to how well our servers and bartenders treated us when we came in. They're friendly and they care.
4	This was absolutely delicious! A little more expensive than I anticipated, but well worth it. Their selection of adult beverages were great. Will have to try to go again during happy hour so I don't break my wallet. I had the Chicken Potstickers, my husband had the duck buns, and his booking manager had the soup.
4	Always packed, great beer selection, and the food isn't too bad either! The 2nd best beer bar on the strip! Surprisingly they had a few Cask Ales to choose from, which is a rarity within the Las Vegas area... so naturally, with that enhancement, it bumped it up from a 3 star to a  4 star...I would very much like to see some more promo's for the locals however.. the nickel beer night was a huge hit... but they unfortunately got rid of it :-(
5	This was the perfect end to a tiring day in Las Vegas - good beer, tasty food, and fun atmosphere. We had to wait by the bar for about 30 minutes before getting a table, but it was fine with us to have a drink and take time to read over the rest of the beer and food menus. They are pretty extensive, so if you can't find something that strikes your fancy, you may need to broaden your horizons a bit... A few people have complained in reviews about the loud music - we sat in a booth by the bar and had no problem with volume. The place was jam-packed. To me, that just says that its a popular place and people would want to be there. I've risked it with other restaurants that looked good on the outside, but my first clue should have been all the empty tables. This isn't the case with PUB - let the always-crowded dining room speak for itself!I had the prime rib sliders and oh, wow were they delicious. My husband did one of th DIY sandwich options on the menu - he had just finished the Las Vegas Half marathon, and the amounts of food and beer we got were just what he needed. Sure, the prices are higher than what you might pay at a pub in another city, but for Las Vegas, it was fantastic. If you're looking for a low-key, not too stuffy place to have some good food, good service, and good beer, this is it.
3	Came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon, got seated right away.Ordered the braised clams and corned beef,Food came about 10 min after I ordered.Never really been to this kind of styled pub before.The food would've been good if I had a few beers on an empty stomach.I guess this isn't a place I would normally go to. A little to salty for my taste.The service was pretty good our server was attentive :)I probably wouldn't come back . Just not my kinda place
3	They never have the beers I want!
1	Horrible Experience! We sat at the bar for dinner. The bartenders were soooo rude and arrogant. We asked if they could change the game on TV, he laughed and made fun of us. Then we were eating their peanuts and the second bartender came up and scolded us for dirtying their counter top. We decided not to tip them and as we were leaving the bartender angrily crumbled up the paper and threw it in the trash! Really? We are local residents and we have choices... On the way out the manager tried to buy our dinner, but that wasn't the point. They ruined our night...
4	This place is tons of fun! I stopped in with my family to have oysters and beer and we ended up eating and drinking for a couple of hours. Great ambiance, friendly service and good food.
4	While in Vegas for the Super Bowl we ate at many, many good restaurants. This was one of them. Arriving for a late lunch after a morning of walking around we were quickly greeted and seated outdoors. Our waitress, Lauren, was fantastic. She was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and beer list and lots of fun.The menu is pub fare but the upper end of the spectrum of pub fare. K was told that the tuna burger was life-changing, N got the lobster rolls, our friend got a salad and I went with the caprese salad. While lots of things sounded good it was kind of hot and I just wanted to have something cold and light. We ordered an order of sweet potato fries for the table and Lauren had some honey mustard mixed up for us (thanks!). We were blown away by the fantastic beer menu. Like wow. From favorites to things we can't get in Michigan but have wanted to try to things we've never heard of there was a vast selection that was organized beautifully on the back of our menu. Everyone loved their food and all but our friend who was working and our exchange student enjoyed two beers. The lobster rolls were voted best at the table and my caprese salad, while beautifully presented, came in last. The tomatoes just had no flavor. I'm not sure if it's not tomato season in Vegas or what but they were crazy bland. However, I can deal with such a little difference between best and worst when the best is so damn good (and had the toms been better my food would have been excellent). We will definitely come back here the next time we're in Vegas.
4	A good choice for happy hour on the Strip (half off drafts, $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders from 3-6pm and 10-midnight).The whole menu looked pretty good, but since we had late dinner plans I limited myself to only things on the happy hour menu. The sliders and oysters were the most impressive: the oysters were fresh and served with several sauces and the sliders tasted much better than your average run of the mill hamburger. The wings were pretty disappointing, very little meat and a buffalo sauce that could have easily come out of a jar. Especially at $1 each, you can definitely do much better for wings elsewhere so it's probably a good idea to avoid those altogether.The beer selection is HUGE but slightly pricey without the happy hour discount ($10-14). Make sure to pick something that you haven't tried before. Ask your waiter for help if you need it.If you're into chugging, make sure to go to the bar for the 7 second challenge. If you can chug a beer in under 7 seconds, they'll ring a bell for all to hear and your beer is on the house.
2	A big "meh!" I don't see why people are raving about this place. I like bars and pubs with "beer foods" but this ain't it! Nothing I've tried impressed me. Ok, the size of the foot long hot dog was impressive (actually, it's more intimidating) but the taste left much much to be desired. The fries were mediocre. And I'm a fries lover! Pass!
2	Very disappointing. Only thing that saves this place is the service. Overpriced food that isn't really that good
5	What an awesome place!... Our waiter was super nice.. Even though I just forgot her name..lol.. SORRY!!.. Lots of fun... Make sure you go there during happy hour for discounted goodies...
4	I recently was in Vegas for business.  We went to the pub for lunch to meet a client and the food and service took quite a while considering we had to cancel our next meeting.  With that being said, the place was really busy.  The food was great and the atmosphere was casual.
3	Not impressed. Service was slow and food  was mediocre. Tacos OK. Black Bean, corn and rice had very little corn and black beans. Only positive was I get to sit outside on a nice, sunny, day.
4	I've always sat at the bar. Selection of drinks is good in my opinion. Bartenders have always been nice.
4	4 stars only because they took the dirty chips off the menu...WTF?  However, they did make them for us, but couldn't add the chicken livers...damn.  Anyway, I've been here 3 times, mainly because the beer challenge has become a tradition. Everything I've had has been outstanding.  Brown Butter Lobster Rolls are bomb! Carvery stuff is always tasty. Great oysters!  Bartenders are on point and a good draft  beer selection...overpriced, but what do you expect at the Crystals shopping area (Aria, Cosmo)?  And I'm 3 for 3 on the beer challenge.  I'll be back!
2	Solid beer selection (I'd give this a 3.5 - 4) but the food is severely lacking.I ordered a "deconstructed sandwich" from "The Carvery" - which consisted of a handful of "Prime Beef" that was comparable to Arby's quality; two big slices of white bread that may or may not have been taken directly from a bag of wonderbread (btw this choice of bread was recommended by the waitress); along with a piece of iceberg lettuce,  a couple tomatoes, onion and some pickled vegetables...  All for a mere $25 dollarsDo yourself a favor and just grab a beer here and eat a "post deconstructed" sandwich at Earl of Sandwich at PH across the street for a quarter of the price. I can't vouch for the rest of the menu but probably won't be back.
4	Get the duck buns. Trust me.
4	The checkin clerk at the Aria recommended this place and it was our first meal in Vegas.Lobster rolls are a must have here.  They are so buttery and fresh.The barreled beer is something to try if you never have.  Being from Portland and being an Oregon beer (Deshutes), I couldn't resist.   Warning, it comes warm and is a little bitter, but a good change if you enjoy the micros.  7 second beer drop and it's free, limit two.  Guy next to us dropped one and got it free, he wanted me to join in his second, but by no means am I a speed drinker, but he insisted and paid, but I only got through half.The best Bloody Mary anywhere on the strip, wife made us go back three times just to get these.  We had at least one at each of the resturaunts/bars we went.It has two entrances, one in the courtyard between Aria and Crystals, the other is inside Crystals
5	What a great find!  Great staff, food, and beer.  Beers a little pricey but I guess that's Vegas now.  Fried oysters and Tuna tare tare was awesome.  Lots of locals seem to come and eat at the bar alone ...
3	Loved the Dirty chips appetizer. But they got rid of them and have a new variation on the menu. The bartender told me they could still make it- so I ordered them...not the same, they didn't have chicken livers...which I don't particularly like, but quickly found out, their flavor is important to the dish as a whole. Then the bacon was missing and they had some other stuff in them that wasn't there in the original dish. My fault for trying to force it- so I'm sad to say, the OG Dirty Chips are no more and you shouldn't try to get them to make it. The location is perfect! easy to get to from both directions on the Strip.I've eaten here probably 7 times and never been overly excited about any of the main dishes. They are all marginal to good- but nothing overly exciting. It's a shame. Great beer selection and a pretty good scotch selection as well. They have a half priced happy hour from 10-12, which is nice.Their Captain Crunch bread pudding is one of the best deserts in the world!!So, my suggestion- go elsewhere for dinner and hit TE for drinks and sugary finish.
3	I've been here 3 times now, and tried several different menu items. Overall, this is a good place to go with some friends to have a light dinner and a couple of beers.The items I've had: Brown Butter Lobster Rolls, Tuna Burger, Fish and Chips, Slider Sampler, deep fried oysters, and the bread pudding.The best item is the Brown Butter Lobster Rolls. These are delicious, and they don't skimp on the lobster meat.The rest of the items are just ok (standard pub fare) and quite frankly overpriced for what you get.The bread pudding had potential and some interesting ingredients but just wasn't set up when I got it after quite a long wait.One other issue I had with this place was how loud it is. I think whoever is setting the level on the music has some hearing loss! This place is not family friendly AT ALL.
2	Let me start with saying that I work in the Restaurant Business, I have managed several different restaurants, from pubs to fine dining. Where do I start???Service: My waiter, "Eric" seemed a little lost. Frantic, disorganized, and it looked like he was freaking out to the busser about condiments. You would think this would happen in the back of the house and not in front of the table he is taking care of.Food: We ordered some appetizers, which arrived 15 minutes after our entrees. AWESOME!!! Come on....  Onion rings! don't take more than 3 minutes in the fryer.   The food was decent, I got to admit. The fish and ships tasted pretty good. Never thought to have fish at the desert. Freshly de-frosted....  Trust me, I know....   I lived in Florida, and I can tell...Staff: I always like to walk around the place I eat at to check for organization, (old habit) and at times I learn something new...  But here, It seemed over staffed. A lot of employees just going around in circles and avoiding things that needed to be taken care of. On my way to the restroom could not help to notice a young girl that my guess is supposed to be the polisher, just being on her phone, while one of the bussers seemed a little frustrated about resetting tables and not having anything to reset with.I understand that reviews are intended for other people and not management, but how to transfer the message??  One more thing....  I'm sure the food runner noticed me just standing in the middle of the walkway looking at the chef. This poor guy looked overwhelmed, while 3 runners are just standing there with a pile of tickets in front of them and a row of dishes ready to be ran in the hot window...  Come on!!!!   It's frustrating to see such a place with this potential go to hell for the lack of team work.I will go back and give it a second review....  I hope management pay a little more attention...  It's a great place, but needs tightening up...
5	We walked in for a pint b/c it was HH - which is a fantastic deal! Bar was packed with diners and March Madness fans. Overheard it was just as busy at St. Pats. We got some bar seats from a couple that was leaving. So that was a plus. Not sure how long the wait was for a table.  Was in amazement at how hard everyone was working! Especially our bartender Ralph! Who you MUST seek out when your there. Honestly he earned this place its 5th star. Great atmosphere. Food looked good (we had reservations elsewhere that night).  Was coming out at a good pace. Cask conditioned beer HUGE plus! Good selection of other beers too. Everyone was having a good time. Especially entertaining to watch people attempt "the 7 second beer challenge".  And all this coming from someone who is in the biz and hard to please!
5	Amazing nacho's! Get a shot and stay a while, the bartenders are fast on a busy weekend. We went on the first weekend of March Madness and had a great time. PS the "7 Second Beer Challenge" is really 5.5 seconds.
4	Packed- which is why it got 4. But this is Vegas. Great beer selection and seafood stew was very, very good.
2	Know what you are getting into. This place is a gimmick. But that's to be expected when visiting an "English Pub" in a casino. Let's get to the pro's and con's.Pro's: the grilled brie and bacon sandwich was very good. My wife's grilled chicken with avocado sandwich also looked very good. Come to think of it, every meal I saw pass us looked very decent.Con's: No getting around it, the place is supremely over-priced. Typical pint is $11.00. While drinks are expensive in Vegas, this is at the upper-end in terms of cost. Most places in Vegas serve a pint of microbrew for $7.00 to $8.00 (and one place in Palazzo had happy hour pints for $3.00). But you are going to a pub with a large selection of beers, so arguably your premium beer price is going towards having that giant beer selection. The service is also leaves a lot to be desired. Our waiter immediately gave us a bad case of the douche chills. I ordered a pint of the cask-conditioned black butte porter and my wife ordered a pint of Magic Hat No. 9. After ordering, he went into this long story about how much he loved Magic Hat No. 9 but wishes he could find it in bottles because in his opinion bottled beer was so much better than draft. According to our waiter, the draft just seemed to "change the flavor of the beer." We thought this was a strange comment because nobody has ever tried to sell me on the idea that bottled beer is better than draft. We didn't think anything of it for the moment.Then after he brings our beers, my wife sips her beer and comments that this beer is way stronger than Magic Hat No. 9. Magic Hat No. 9 is probably a 5.5% ABV wheat beer. She then let me sip the beer to confirm. Instead of Magic Hat No. 9, the beer was a Belgian Trippel like Chimay White. Personally, I would prefer the Chimay White to a No. 9, but my wife didn't want to start her lunch with a 9% ABV beer and wanted something light like the No. 9. When we explained to the waiter that the beer he brought wasn't No. 9, he tried to convince us that we were wrong. If he had left it at that, we wouldn't have really had a problem because, at the end of the day, we are on vacation, and it's just a beer. We can always grab a beer somewhere else. He then tries to convince that it's the draft mechanism that has changed the flavor. He says that the previous beer on that same tap was a Cider and that the Cider "residue" combined with the Magic Hat No. 9 changed its flavor to a Belgian Trippel. Then he starts smiling and says, "see, I told you that the bottles are better than the tap," as if he were bringing his whole bottle full-circle with this experience.Bottom line: We left with the impression that this guy knew they were out of Magic Hat No. 9 but assumed we were too stupid to know the difference between No. 9 and a Belgian Trippel. Bottom line: my lunch was good, but the service was kind of weird. And it's a little bit cheesy, but that is to be expected in Vegas. For the money, there are better offerings on the strip. I prefer the Public House in the Palazzo. Food there is similar in quality (also kind of expensive), but the drinks are a little cheaper.
4	My boyfriend and I have dined here twice! We absolutely love it. The first time, we were with a vegetarian group (his family is indian) and the P.U.B. was very accommodating! We will defiantly be going back. Their salads are just Meh... But what else should I expect from a Pub?? I wont hold that against them since their french fries are sooo yummy :)
3	Staff could use a little more knowledge.  Great that they had a couple cask offerings, as well as a good number of draft and bottle options.  Not so great that the bartender knew name of the cask beer (Inverted), but didn't know the brewery (Deschutes), nor the style (IPA). Happy hour $2 oysters. Decent looking presentation. Silver tray. Oysters, seaweed, horseradish, mignonette, and cocktail sauce. Large format ice cubes. Should be shaved. Total mess, toppling oysters on their side losing all of their salty liquid awesomeness. Glass of cask IPA arrived in an attractive hurricane glass, but both times ordered, it was a complete disaster. Completely overflowed, sticky, attached napkin sadness with glass staged for leaving strategicaly placed bombing run droplets on my pants.  Complete shamefullness of a pour (pun  -ha!) and presentation. Delivered 2nd time, even after my initial (insert image of "c'mon...really dude" facial expression) combined with an immediate and albeit exaggerated lunge for a stack of cocktail napkins in an attempt to save my smartphone from a night in a ziplocked bag of raw white rice.Overall, it's a great location with some pretty good offerings.  Just needs a little more attention to the details.
1	Sat at the bar and had the worst service I've ever had!!!!! This place is so overpriced its a joke!! The only good thing is the cheap oysters.
3	I have been here a couple of times on different visits to Vegas and both times I left well satisfied but not necessarily wowed. On both occasions hubby and I ordered the pickled vegetables which are really delicious though with their strong flavor they can be a bit much. I recommend ordering them with a group. Last time we got something from "the carvery" which is also a good option for sharing. Our last visit we were there too late for a big meal so we just stuck to appetizers and drinks. In addition to the pickles we got some wings and the corn dog bites. Both were pretty tasty.Of course being a pub most people come to Todd English's to drink and that is where they really shine. Their list of craft beers is stellar. I really like the fact that they have a description of each one on the menu. That makes me more confident to try new ones. However, that also seems to be a crutch for the staff since our server was not familiar with them at all. We actually had to point at the ones we wanted while he wrote them down. Other than that he was pretty good but not overly friendly. We were there during March madness so there was a lively crowd clustered around the tv but the rest of the place was pretty mellow. I think this would be a good option for some late night drinks since they have a reverse happy hour from 10pm to midnight (yes, that is late for me) and a lot of bars and even restaurants on the strip get way too clubby for my taste at that hour.Overall this place is a Vegas style (i.e. cheesy knockoff but still cool in its own way) approximation of a British pub and even though the food does not impress, it is decent. One of the cheaper options in City Center for lunch or dinner. A better choice for hanging out over drinks with friends.
5	Hands down the best service, during rush hour weekend lunch. Our server, Trisha treated us like family and catered to our needs during such a busy weekend. We had party of 6 and all our drinks were topped off and she kept checking on us to make sure we were having a good time. I've been to a lot of pubs and this one ranks among thebest.
2	Sure, everything looked amazing, but the taste and quality of the items we tried failed to live up to our expectations. And you're paying premium prices, to boot. First up were the "Spicy Crispy Wings". They were spicy all right - and tiny too. While the taste was excellent, the wings were perhaps the smallest I've ever laid eyes on and they were certainly not crispy - not in the least. Why name them "crispy" but then fail to serve them that way? And seven wings for $12? Fail.Next up were the lobster rolls. A buddy of mine had posted a picture of them on Instagram a while back and they looked absolutely amazing. So good, in fact, that I knew I would try them on my next visit to Vegas. Well, they weren't nearly as good as they looked. The crab was great, but the bread seemed incredibly under-baked, almost doughy. The bread was so dense and chewy that it took away from the crab and left me with an unsettled feeling by the end of the meal. The coleslaw served with the dish was excellent. But for $24 for three small rolls, I expected more than just good coleslaw.To sum it up, you can find much better wings and much better lobster rolls elsewhere.
1	Came here on a Friday night for an early dinner before a show at the Cosmopolitan Boulevard Pool.  Sat outside on the patio and was instantly greeted by our server... so we thought.  We ordered drinks and never saw her again.  Had to ask the hostess after 30 minutes if we could order some food, because our complimentary popcorn was not going to be sufficient for a night of drinking.  Our food order was taken by another server who stated there was a shift change and she would take our order for our server.  Our food was then served by another server (still not ours) who we asked for a second round from.  The second round came out by another server (finally, our server!) who completely ignored us until we had to ask(beg) him for our check. The food was bar food; which would have been ok had the service been even remotely acceptable, which it wasnt. I did leave there happier than the man who got a glass of sangria dumped on him by his server though. What a mess.
4	Stopped in for a late nosh. Best draft beer selection we found on the strip. Ate appetizers. Fired pickles, pickles, pretzels. All good.
5	My favorite place on the strip! Great beers and food! Perfect atmosphere!
1	I went there last weekend and i was astonished at the prices $11 for Guinness ! daylight robbery. Tuna burger was $24 !! just overpriced. I will never step foot in that place again
5	LOVE it!They have 4 pub height tables that have their own taps! They were taken so I was so jealous!!!! With their signature P.U.B. brewThey give you popcorn in a tin bucket, powdered with blue cheese, so I was quickly appeased. The mussels were amazing in a tomato base and I have got to learn how to make thin crostinis at home. The in-house made potato chips are amazing. If you check-in here at yelp, you get a free pint of bud light!!! Yeah YELPERS!!!
3	Todd English P.U.B.was passable for taking out of town visitors staying at Aria. Even though they had hand crafted and self-created Bloody Marys, I still think my top 3 are: 1) LBS 2) Peppermill 3) Hash House a-Go-Go. Bloody Mary's tried: 3: 2 self-created and the Todd English Meat & Potatoes (which takes a great picture) Fat Girl Seating: Not bad but the tables are close together. but to their credit they do have armless chairs & it is sturdy.Food: boring. It was just ok. Broad selection but their brunch menu only had 6 items. My mini-corn dogs were still cold in the middle (I'm guessing from being frozen and then warmed up) - the tacos (I shared the plate) were tasty but way too wet (3 types of sauce) - the hash looked good, but was with lox so you know I didn't partake. We  deconstructed the grilled cheese sandwich. The Parm sliders were ok but the sauce was bland.. My overall commentary: Thank the goddess it is not on my visa card. On the plus side: they have to-go cups.
2	After walking around, we were pretty hot and tired and decided to try this pub that happened to be nearby.Fortunately, it was happy hour!  When Todd's says $3 Sliders, they really mean $3 for one Slider.  One...little...burger.  What a deal.And, when Todd's says $1 for wings, they really mean $1 for one wing.  One...little...wing.  What a steal.On a positive note, the beer and wine was 1/2 off.I got drunk on something called "mead" and my mom seemed to enjoy her strawberry-whatever beer.In sum, go to Todd's for their selection of alcoholic beverages, but keep in mind that the food is mediocre and overpriced...much like the rest of Las Vegas.
3	Seems like a cool place to chill and grab a few drinks at. Came here with some friends a few days ago while staying in Vegas and I was impressed by the look and feel of the place. They have an every day Happy Hour menu as well as beer pong and darts. They also have a 7 seconds or less challenge where you can participate in chugging a brew down in 7 seconds.. I made it in 6 ;)Didn't get to try the food but my fiance ordered the buttered lobster rolls w/ aoli sauce and I took a bite... Not impressed. My friend who recommended the place said the burgers aren't too good so i just stuck to my free budlight you get when you check in and also tried a craft brew that was pretty good but I don't remember the name.
4	Outside & Inside seating on a warm Spring evening. Promptly seated and enjoyed a free bud light for checking in ! :) Our server was wonderful, explained the menu and options and my friends and I were pretty full by the time we reached the half way point. Their meats are sliced, not really a burger, not really a steak I had the Fish and Chips, which was Humongous! and the fries were nicely, LIGHTLY seasoned :)Can't wait to come back
3	We came partly to catch a basketball game but mostly for the beer challenge. A pint of beer (under $10) in 7 seconds. I could never do it, but a couple friends did. Apparently you can only try it twice a day. In terms of food, I had the lobster roll with coleslaw and loved it. Even though it's lobster and Vegas, I still think it's a little pricey at $24. It's also not a dish that will fill you up. I sampled a bite of the Perfect Cure (waffle fries, beef patty, chili, eggs) and the Pub Hash (corned beef) and both were so-so. They are heavy dishes so beer pairs perfectly. I might come back with friends to watch a game and grab a beer, but I wouldn't call the food here a highlight.
5	I am a huge fan of the beer selection and happy hour, not so much on the food. As a beer aficianado, I was impressed by the choices of beer on the menu. Not an overwhelming list, just a good list. Happy hour makes this one of the most affordable places in Vegas to drink, too. Also, Todd gives away free beer on the 7-second challenge. He cheats a little by making you start and finish with the glass on the table, which takes a second and a half out of the time, so a 5.5-second slam if you can. Good for two free beers a night.Also they have four cask beers on pump, but I was mislead by the menu when it appeared they had a custom bourbon cask beer, when in reality they have a custom bourbon, AND four cask beers but they are unrelated. The rib-eye chili was nothing to write home about.
3	Good food but prices are way too much for what they offer. $20 Bloody Mary? Ehhh
5	Stopped in on Saturday night to grab some snacks with a friend... we were seated promptly, the service was fantastic, and the food...I can't stop thinking about. As many of the reviews have said the lobster rolls are to die for. Anyone who says differently apparently doesn't have much of a pallete. Don't get the homemade chips with blue cheese and bbq sauce, because you won't stop eating them! They are tangy and sharp and you won't want them to end. Quality ingredients on all that was ordered which included sliders and clams. I am in Vegas at least four times a year and this will become one of my regulars!
4	This is a place with the best service in Las Vegas! We actually felt welcomed here. They have a great beer selection and good bar food. We had their wings that were crispy and spicy, which we enjoyed but wished they were little bigger. (They were mini wings) We will be back next time when we are in Vegas again.
5	Wide selection of beers and World best Bloody Mary. Their BM is so fancy with wing, mini corn,  slider, cheese, olive, salami and celery. Oysters are so fresh. Definitely would come back
3	I probably wont be coming back here for their raw bar, but they make a pretty fantastic bloody mary. We ordered a dozen oysters from the oyster bar but they came out very dirty and not shucked well. When I asked the waiter where the oysters were from, he answered "the ocean?". I normally would've found this answer amusing, if he wasn't dead serious and couldn't comprehend the idea that I was asking for the region. But I guess at $2 per oyster you get what you pay for. We ended up not eating most of them.We each ordered a deconstructed sandwich. I had the duck which was not bad and my friend had the lamb (which to me was pretty gamey, tho my friend didn't think so). The place has a large beer selection with a full bar as well. I had them make my spicy bloody mary with top shelf vodka and it was probably the best I've had. Although, it came out to about $19 for the drink. My friend just had a vodka on the rocks. That being said our bill came out to about $90 total for the dozen oysters, two drinks and two sandwiches.I doubt I'd go back for a meal but may make a pit-stop to catch a drink.
4	3.5 starsThis is a pretty laid back place right next to Aria.  Gotta love those pub height tables with your very own tap!  Awesome.  There's a great beer selection and if you're at the bar and are up for a challenge you can chug your beer in 7 seconds and get it for free.  I guess that's cool if you think chugging a good beer is worth it.  When you sit at a table you get a small tin of popcorn to snack on.  The food is good but I think the whole thing is a bit overpriced.  Happy hour is pretty decent (good deals on beer and appetizers, although if you ask me the price of happy hour apps are probably the price they should be normally).  Good outdoor seating for those nice days.  I won't be here regularly but when I wind up here for a beer it's usually a good time.
5	This is the best customer service we experienced during our short trip to Vegas. We were mocking every "great" new place as we would experience horrible service at every single one of them. This is the first place that felt like the staff actually cared.
1	I would love to be able to write a review of this pub and restaurant, but we have gone twice and been turned away twice, both times by hostesses who refused to be accommodating. In December, we were not seated, although there were open tables. Last weekend (May 5), we stopped by mid-afternoon for a beer and snacks on the patio.  One hostess greeted us after about 3 minutes (a long time for a patron), then left to "ask someone about outdoor seating", never to return. The next hostess greeted us 8-10 minutes after that as if we had not already been greeted. We asked for an outdoor table and she said "we don't have any". We asked "what about that four top that those people left while we have been waiting?" She said if we were willing to wait five minutes for it to be bussed, we could sit there.  What's another five minutes?  Five minutes later, we interrupted her, only to be told that there weren't enough servers on the patio to seat that table. Management, convince me to try again.  There are plenty of places in Vegas for a beer.
2	The food we had was overpriced and of the same quality that I could get at the British pub back home. We had the Ropa Vieja for an appetizer (meat was tender, and the sauce flavor was good - highlight of the meal, above average but not great). My wife ordered the Roast Chicken Pot Pie for dinner, and she was very disappointed. She called it chicken soap with a biscuit on top. The flavor was very ordinary, and the consistency was overly soupy. I had Todd's Fish and Chips. No different than at home at the Britannia Arms in San Jose and $7 more expensive. (And the Brit is owned by Owen Nolan, the hockey player.) Overall, the meal was a disappointment and one of the less enjoyable I've had in Vegas.
3	Fun and vibrant place, even in the mid-afternoon.  The beer selection is good, though I wouldn't say that it was super extensive like a place that specializes in beer.  The Fish and Chips were pretty basic, without much added flair, though I did like the side of cole slaw and peas (together).  Service at the bar was friendly, though a little on the slow side due to the constant activity from the crowd.  The food, however, came relatively quickly after being ordered.  As many others have mentioned, the 7 Second Challenge involves chugging any beer (up to two per day) within 7 seconds to win the beer for free.
3	I had the lobster rolls, which were overpriced, but damn good. Nicely toasted buttery rolls, and big chunks of lobster. The complimentary tin of popcorn is tasty too. The service was pleasant but a little slow. It is nice to sit out on the patio under an umbrella though, especially when a breeze is blowing, and sneak bits of popcorn to the little birds. The outdoor seating area is between Aria and Crystals, so you can get some good people watching as well.
4	no cheap, touristy feel here. Great beer selection and fantastic food in a brasserie atmosphere.
4	We had dinner here last Saturday night (5/18) and had a great time.  Order the Junk Chips for an appetizer.  They are the bomb!  There is a huge selection of beers (of course they were out of my first choice).  It was fun, busy, and had a lot of energy.  It does get kind of loud in there, so if you are looking for a quiet intimate romantic place, this is not it. I am pretty sure they specialize in seafood, but do offer land lover options too. They also sell ping pong balls for beer pong... yes, they have a beer pong table!  :)
5	All I can say is lobster roll!!!
5	Busy busy place... great happy hour specials! Great server! We will be back next time we are at the Aria.
4	What a totally cool and hip place with excellent food we found when we tried the Todd English PUB! We were able to secure a booth in the back of the restaurant where we could take in all of the sights and we had a great time and meal. The decor is what you might expect in a pub- complete with dart boards and rich wood furniture. The ceilings are very high so the noise level gets a bit loud, but this is not the romantic dinner spot you were looking for anyway. Yelpers-- check in and get a free beer!!! Even though I was having a martini, I couldn't help but snag this deal up. To be honest, I wasn't expecting as good a meal as we had- the duck rolls appetizer was simply out of this world (see pics attached) and the mad Russian swears that this was the single best Tuna dish she has ever had. That is saying something indeed- It was a perfectly prepared "burger" that she wishes she could have another bite of even as I write this. I had fish and chips that was good and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good portion of battered fish. For a bit of fun, in the back they have available some tables for playing various drinking games- we watched several games of "flip cup" and the usual antics of those who have never played.... An overall great place to eat drink and hang loose.
4	My wife and I went here this past weekend.  She had the Chicken Pot Pie and it was really good and felt homey.  She really liked the pastry on top.  I had the Lobster Rolls and have to say they were the best I ever had outside New England.  The lobster tasted as fresh as you can get out west.  We will be back.  Looking at all the food pass by we can't wait to try more.
4	This is a nice place, good atmosphere, but always busy, so definitely make a reservation. The food is excellent, and the menu identifies gluten-free options too. Recommended!More on gluten free in Las Vegas:https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
3	Exactly like any other phony British gastropub but with a lot more attitude from the self-absorbed bar staff and a lot less choices at the raw bar. Not my cup of tea.
3	The food is so mediocre in every way. The beer list and Eleanor are above average.
5	When I goto Vegas, I have to stop by the pub and have my lobster rolls. With all the fine eateries in Vegas, this is one of my favs. Great food and atmosphere.
5	Judging by the other reviews, maybe we were here on a really great day, but my boyfriend and I truly had such a wonderful time that we came here twice in one weekend. We were home visiting my parents for Memorial Day but did 1 night at the Aria. After checking in we wanted a quick bite but didn't want to ruin our appetites for Hakkasan later so popped over here on a recommendation from the front desk agent. Obviously Todd English has a renowned reputation and resume to match, but judge this for what it is, a casual pub with a luxurious twist. He already has a 5-star elegant restaurant on the strip at Bellagio, Olives, so why compare? It's a fun atmosphere with outdoor seating in front of the pond outside Crystals shopping center and the Aria lobby. Inside is decked out with red leather booths, a large circular bar, and expansive tables. They have a sports theme and happy hour deals, so we ordered the wings which were a dollar a piece and were really really yummy. The perfect blend of crispy and tender, spicy and mild, dunked in blue cheese sauce. Then we split a lobster cobb salad which I believe is one of their signature items for good reason. We both had huge portions even though we split one order, and they were very generous with the lobster. The next morning all of the breakfast places at Aria were teeming with lines of tourists and we just weren't in the mood so we came back here! I had a dish that I may have possibly come up with in a dream:Bagel tacos (shell made from crispy thin bagel slices) filled with scrambled eggs, lox, sour cream, and caviar, served with a side of mixed greens tossed in a champagne vinaigrette. Whoaaaaaaaaa buddy this was amazing. T had a corned beef hash topped with poached eggs that was served in a personal sized cast iron skillet.There were women walking around who were literally busting, BUSTING, out of their red gingham bustiers hawking customized bloody marys which were pretty cool. We didn't order any but they had a paper checklist and you could add everything from herbs, peppers, onions, veggies, to oysters, lobster claws, bacon strips, etc. Would absolutely go back next time I'm in town! Casual atmosphere with excellent food.
3	Very popular pub milieu that's a welcome break from the lounge vibe and uber-throbbing in most of the other proximate options. Wide beer selection and - with proper Happy Hour timing - reasonably priced (for Vegas Strip) prices. Staff was friendly. Can be cacophonous, especially if high-stakes sporting events are being displayed on their many TVs. Sliders so-so.
3	We came here post-show to get something to eat/drink. I'd looked at the menu and it looked reasonable so we made an Open Table reservation and headed over. The menu was not up to date online and unfortunately wasn't as cheap as I'd seen. My biggest complaint is a) this isn't a real gastropub and b) the beer list is laughable. Horrible. Terrible. They make it sound like it's this really expansive and amazing beer list. What is it really? It's basically the swill of every western country. Coors, Bud, Stella, Guinness (Guinness isn't swill, I'll admit that), PBR. Oh, and those swill beers? Yeah, the PBR was $9. It's so absurd it's almost funny. We were going to wait 20 minutes for happy hour to start, so at least the beers would be half off, but when our waitress came over she explained that they had a New Belgium seasonal for $3/pint. I don't understand how they can sell PBR for $9 and an actually drinkable beer for $3, but whatever. For food we got some salads and sliders. My greek salad was a big portion and good, and we also got some fried pickles to share. The majority of our pickles were bread and butter, which I don't think works very well in a fried pickle, but they came with several sauces and were pretty good. At this time our server got super overwhelmed and sort of ignored us for 15 minutes at a time, but the bussers were very nice and even asked if I didn't like my food, because I only ate about half of it out of fullness. It wasn't bad for a somewhat affordable after-show option, but honestly I'd avoid it in the future. It acts like something it's not and man, that beer list. I don't normally call myself a beer snob, but I'll happily wear my beer snob hat for the rest of eternity if it means I don't have to see that sad a beer list again.
4	I have been to this pub three times-twice in December 2012 and once April 2013.  The two times I went in 2012 were fantastic!  We were given a basket of what I think were blue cheese flavored popcorn that was sooo good!  The first time I ate here was for lunch.  I ordered the amazing lobster rolls and my mom ordered the sliders.  The second time I was here I had dinner.  My mom, dad and I ordered the fish and chips.  They were piping hot and delicious!  The fish portion was huge and the batter on it was crispy.  On this night, they also had a $10 wine bottle special.  When I returned April 2013, I was disappointed with the fish and chips.  The batter was soggy and the fish was only lukewarm.  I may need to resort back to the lobster rolls.  Service all three times were good.  Except the last time, we had to flag down our server, who ignored our table because he was working with a large group next to us.
5	Excellent.  Been here on three different trips now.  The food is varied -- it's hard to choose! -- but uniformly excellent.  Big portions -- once we took lunch back to the Vdara and basically had it again (happily!) for dinner.  Everything has been great, and don't fear ordering the basic stuff, like the extra-long chili dog.
4	A fantastic stop in LV. I have never been disappointed by a Todd English restaurant. Great mix of sandwich and international beer menu. Sliders (roast beef and burgers) are both excellent. And the Junk Chips are a real winner. Good service and nice decor makes this a 4 Star in my book.
3	It's a nice place to go to to watch any kind of sports or catch any kind of event on TV. It's just a really nice feel to it because of the environment at P.U.B. It's a really fun place(or I had a lot of fun) because I drank a lot when I came here. They have a beer challenge that you can do where if you finish a pint in 7 seconds, you get it for free which is limited to twice a day. A lot of fun things you can do here and it just puts you in a good mood with all the alcohol going on in the restaurant. The food is a bit different though. The food is a bit average but all the food goes quite well with the alcohol(obviously). I would prob come back but I do wish the food tasted better or else it would have been an easy 4 stars. I would recommend people to drop by if you never tried it and do the challenge which I fail...(shh I already had quite a bit before the challenge)
4	It's always busy the many times we'd come here.  Last night was no exception.  Since we didn't have reservations, we took the next available seats which were at the bar.  My friend got the New Amsterdam which is a burger topped with pastrami, sauerkraut and Swiss cheese.  I was full and was too busy watching a basketball game after I claimed my free beer upon check-in that I didn't realize my friend had the burger split so we can share fries and a burger.  He asked for truffle mayo to dip the fries in and it was great.  The best part of the evening was the food came out in no more than 10 minutes!  The friend was going on and on about the food, I didn't touch it except for the fries - I was too focused on the game.  He finished my half too - I guess he was saying it was real good?The other times I've been here, I had the Organic Chicken Pot Pie and Shepherd's Pie - comfort food!  Hot, filling and delicious.  Angus Sliders were pretty good and juicy.  The Corn Dog Puppies come with fries and we order it everytime I'm here with my family.  But what I always get is their Lobster Rolls with slaw and kettle chips - one of my favorite lobster rolls in Vegas.  Nice big chunks of lobster on a buttery toast.  Absolutely delish!Of course, it won't be a pub unless they have beer.  They have a great selection of beers here.  Stella, Carlsberg, Blue Moon, Pabst, Red Stripe, Amstel, Heineken, Bud, etc.  They have gluten-free beer too.There's one item that I'm crushed that they took off the menu called Ninja Snacks.  Wontons filled with Nutella and bananas and you dip them in caramel.  It was amazing!  I guess I'd have to copy it and make Ninja Snacks at home.
3	We came here for HH Oysters and beer. So we didn't get a chance at the food. Oyster were okay. $1 per Wing, $2 Oysters and $3 per Slider. Not a bad deal for being in Aria and being on the strip. We got Oysters from East and West coast which was nice to have the variety. They do a 7 second Beer challenge, which is a pretty sweet deal. Drink any Pint of beer that is $10 or less on their beer menu in less than 7 seconds and the beer is free (Limit 2). You want to start the night off right in Vegas? 1/2 Dozen $2 Oysters and 2 Beers each chugged in less than 7 seconds makes for a really good/cheap start to a night in Vegas! Oh, and I'm a Popcorn Freak. Free popcorn at your table. And they have the tables with built in Taps. Decent Spot, check it out! If anything, stop in for your free 7 second beer!
4	First time customers. We were attracted by the patio and stopped for a late lunch. Food was very good. Not cheap but comparable and relevant to excellent location on Strip. Overall service was excellent and staff very friendly including Our hostess Elizabeth but especially our server, Andy!
5	"The food is so mediocre in every way. The beer list and Eleanor are above average."Rick B - you couldn't be more wrong. My burger w/ BBQ and cole slaw was outstanding.Sit at the bar, enjoy the many beer selections, and say HI to Eleanor for me - she rocks.
5	Really enjoyed the pub today for lunch. My husband and I shared a few different appetizers and everything was delicious. Little expensive but isn't everything in Vegas? Kinberley was our waitress and she was very good! We enjoyed her! Great experience I would recommend!
4	Stopped for lunch. Food was good, and $ was great for location. Would love to come back and try the seafood. Looked great.
1	F this place!    We walked over to the Aria for a late night dinner with a group of 12 and were sent away. That is only after checking on yelp for their hours of operation and calling to be sure that they would indeed be open. I received the same response both times. Open until two. Not the case, just after 11:30 on a Saturday and they sent our party of 12 away. I suppose we dodged a bullet by not staying, the raw bar smelled less than fresh. It made the whole restaurant smell like a dirty fish market that never has been cleaned, which was pungent from the first moment you opened the door.   This place came highly recommended and I can't see why. Even the bartender was terse.
4	Came here for happy hour. The selection of food for happy hour is mediocre (wings, oysters, and sliders pretty much) but the half off draft beer is a winner. They have a large selection of craft beers and when you get there for happy hour they come out to be between 6-8 instead of 12-16. The one salad we had was pretty tasty and plentiful, but spendy for a salad.I don't know if I would come here outside of happy hour, but you never know when you're in Vegas anything goes.
5	Todds English PUB is a great place to get a bite to eat and watch the game!First of all, service was lightning fast...I am not exaggerating. From order to table, it took a little over 5 minutes. It was actually a little scary fast!  And they were completely packed with a waiting list.I ordered a New Amsterdam : 10 oz. beef patty, shaved pastrami, kraut,swiss cheese, and picklelilly. This was a very good burger, cooked perfectly, lightly seasoned, but with an excellent slightly charred Pastrami. Awesome! Got it split, and they double the fries for their separate servings! Win!Prices are decent for the strip...I think the burger and fry was around $18, but since they doubled the fries on the split and had the free draft beer with Yelp check in, this was a great value!They also have a dual happy hour, with 50% pints, $1 wings, $2 oysters, and $3 sliders!  3-6pm and 10pm-Late!Check it out if you are looking for some good eats!
5	You can't go wrong here. Food is amazing. Portions are big and prices are reasonable!
4	Updating my review for this fancier pub fare.Mac and Cheese - This stood out. One of the best restaurant mac and cheese's I've tried in the recent mac phase.Sliders - well made and tasty.Fancy grilled cheese - had tomatoes and bacon. YES!Pastrami - chunky, deliciousChicken Parm Slides - also tastySee a trend. Some of the best I've had of all of these and I would definitely go back. Well located in the city center
2	Meh....Maybe I need to give it another shot, but I wont do that until someone else pays for it. lol Too expensive for some meh...
1	I was in Vegas for work.. but wanted to have a nice meal .. my fiends and I came here as a sort of last resort after "lemongrass" had disappointed us with having a broken down kitchen...we saw the "$3.00 Beer!" sign at this pub and decided that sounded great.. We waited for about 10 mins to be seated..even though it wasn't even that crowded..our server decided to come to our table after 3 more people had already come and did stuff.. I kinda wish the bus boys would have been our server instead because this girl was awful. I get that sometimes you really don't give a s**t about your customers sometimes, as a server (I was a server for several years) but at least PRETEND. Put on that fake smile. This girl didnt even care that she made it completely obvious that she didn't care about us.. She clearly cared more about the 10-top full of males who would tip her based on the fact that she was a remotely attractive female..  After sitting there for 20 mins, we were finally asked if we'd like drinks.. we excitedly asked about the $3 beer.. "oh.. we're actually out of that" and she didn't really give us any other options..thankfully YELP! Actually had a "free pint beer" check-in offer. but it was of BUD which I HATE..but oh well.my $12.00 hot wings were the quality of Buffalo Wild Wings.. which I could have gotten for about half of what I paid for these.. don't get me wrong.. I LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings.. but if I'm paying that much for 6 hot wings.. they better be the best wings I've ever had.. which they weren't.. .. at all.  My friend ordered a $20 Burger with Bacon.. it came without the bacon.. which she had to mention.. it also came Bleeding.. and she's ordered it mediumwell...My other friends' portobello mushroom burger, on the other hand, was completely over-cooked. It looked like a burnt piece of cardboard.We asked her to box our leftovers.. She proceeded to throw them all in ONE bag....   I specifically said "can you keep the blue cheese with my wings , please?" no blue cheese was in my to/go box.  by far the worst eating experience I've had in Vegas.. I'll be going to that burger place at the Aria next time.. with the brisket bloody mary's and burgers that are worth the high-prices.   Todd English P.U.B... pfft more like.. Todd English A.S.S
5	Huge portions of modern pub food, like ahi tuna burger or lobster sliders. Extensive craft beer selection. Upbeat, knowledgeable servers. We've been there twice, and will definitely return.
3	We came here for lunch and this is a mixed review of our experience at the PUB. Jesse got one of the burgers and I was so tired of burgers. I ended up with Pasta dish with Chicken. It was a big mistake. My pasta was bland with only two pieces of chicken. I should have known better, not to order pasta dish here.We also ordered Buffalo Wings which were yummy. Jesse liked his burger. Our server was great. I'm willing to give PUB another try next time when I'm in Vegas. I will get the burger though. No more pasta.
3	There was a time I was blind, I was so confusedRun away just to hide it all from you.But baby, you knew me better than I knew myselfThey say if you love something let it go at... P.U.B. - Judith Hill (what a girl wants cover)I actually haven't been to many of Todd English's restaurants even though he has a ton. I never noticed this place in the past (maybe its new-ish) at City Center but it's got a fun atmosphere. We came here for lunch and I got to create my own sandwich. You choose one meat, one type of bread, and two sauces and you put it together yourself. Protein: prime rib beefBread: sourdoughSauces: horse radish / black truffle dipThe putting together part isn't as fun as it sounds, but I guess I understand their thought process behind it. They want you to be able to enjoy the components separately since there was salmon as a choice and some other things. Oysters looked pretty good, didn't try em though. Also our meal came out before they finished shucking them. The sandwich was really good but wished I didn't have to put it together myself. Service was a little weird, but i guess its VEGAS BABY!
3	I think we should have stopped with just having "bar" food and drinks.  The hot wings were pretty good but then we got our entres.  One of us had the chicken pot pie which was ok but very watery and someone needs to learn how to season and I got the fish and chips.  They were so greasy you could literally ring them out. We wound up sending that back and not having them try to make another one, ther was no taste as well, someone really needs to season the food.  I think it would be reAlly good bar food but way to over priced for the food in the restaurant.  Not sure we will come back.
5	After finding out we had an extra day to spend in Las Vegas, my friend and I happened into Todd English's for lunch. Everything was fantastic from the moment we walked in ( right as they opened at 11). The service was genuine & helpful- we sat at the bar with Ralph and he really made our day. We were searching for a hotel - he reccomended one we never would have otherwise found & it turned out to be an amazing place. The food was very tasty and generously portioned.  I had the lobster rolls (another great reccomendation by Ralph) they were buttery and the lobster was nice and tender. The menu is fun and diverse, and they have a superb beer selection. The whole staff was great, loved the atmosphere, overall just a great spot for lunch!
3	Went for happy hour.  Sliders and chickens wings just O.K.  Bartender obviously tried to rip me off on check.  Charged $10 for 1/2 price wine and when questioned became defensive and got attitude after he changed and bill and threw it on the bar.
4	Happy Hour is a tradition that dates back to the 1920s in the Navy when sailors would enjoy a few drinks while viewing boxing and wrestling on board at the same era when speakeasies would hold a cocktail hour. Nearly a century later I would share in this tradition on the famous Las Vegas Strip in Todd English Pubb.  From 3 to 6 PM and 10 to Midnight, Todd English P.U.B., holds a Happy Hour. Pints of beer and glasses of wine are half priced. Wings are $1. And oysters are $1. In my opinion, the appetizer Happy Hour specials are a bit misleading. A $1 for seven chicken wings will come up to $7. Not a bargain at all.  In this fast-paced world that I live in, I partake in Happy Hour to be happy. Todd English P.U.B., features a major selection of beers to choose from to be happy. The categories include craft beers, fruity beers, the big boys, and so on. I usually get one to three beers. When I entered this thriving restaurant and pub located between Crystals and the Aria all uptight and exhausted from work, I make a beeline to the center bar. By the time I drink the pint of Fruli strawberry for example, I am becoming happy. After the pint of Arrogant Bastard Ale I am happy. And once I cash in my Yelp free check-in offer for a free Bud Light and drink it, I am OFF THE CHARTS HAPPY.  The reality is that Todd English P.U.B., is an upbeat establishment that feeds off all the positive energy on the Las Vegas Strip. The majority of the patrons are tourists without a care in the world but to have a good time. After an Arrogant Bastard Ale and Bud Light, I kind of develop this tourist state of mind. I feel like I am part of a big party. Every so often in this party, the bar tender will ring a bell. This is to call attention to the fact that somebody is getting a complimentary drink for quaffing a beer down within seven seconds. Maybe one day after a stressed out shift I could write a review update on drinking a beer in less than seven seconds.  Being in City Center, Todd English P.U.B.,fills up fast. This will cause some delay in the partaking of Happy Hour when all the bar stools are taken and the bar tenders are busy.   At Todd English P.U.B., it is more than the names of some of the beers that are weird. What is kind of weird, or just so out of the ordinary in Vegas is that men and women share the same sinks. If you are going on a date and plan to freshen up, I would advise another restroom.    Happy Hour is a tradition that I am so going to continue to partake in. And I am happy to say that when I am in City Center with the urge for a cold one or two between 3 and 6 PM, that the odds are in my favor of partaking in another Todd English P.U.B., Happy Hour.***The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 200 Challenge***Review 106.
4	Excellent pub and killer food!
4	Pretty decent happy hour twice a day with $2 oysters and $3 sliders! I liked the decor and vibe of the place and didn't feel completely ripped off like I do at so many Las Vegas joints these days (I'm looking at you, Nobu!). It's very casual in here with a sports-pub kind of feel, but it wasn't all bro-y or too loud. A pleasant place to park it for a while with a drink and some snacks. I did indeed partake of the happy hour oysters and sliders and they were delish! When my friend and I saw their dessert specialty Stephanie's Bread Pudding we had to try it--I mean, it had to be good with that name, right? :P Well it was pretty damn good, even if it had the Cap'n Crunch cereal on top (see photo). I'm not a huge fan of that cereal but in this case I didn't mind it. Definitely wouldn't mind coming back if in the area again.
3	Not too crowded but FN noisy. Stadium style and booths and table seating with compulsory sticky elbows from soiled tables. Servers were nice but there was a turn and burn feeling. Pseudo pub food was adequately expensive for average quality fare of what was intended by namesake chef Todd English. I think you should need be drunk first. Beverage selection was featured but no real focus. Not an English Pub, not a local bar. Was expecting more local brews, but all they had was one, the others were vague or out. Black&Tan was $12. Either the server was confused or untrained. Unless you have a large group, are inebriated or are desperate for food, spend $$ elsewhere.
4	Went two days in a row. Had the bus and flight special and the next day the buffalo burger. Both were very good
5	happy hour = fab. oysters = yum fries = awesomebuffalo wings = good
5	Everything was delicious and pretty reasonably priced for a LV restaurant with a big chef name! I had the Lobster Roll and loved every bite. With whole claw and checks of tail meat filling (and spilling out of) a perfectly toasted buttery soft roll. My mouth waters all over again just thinking about it. It came with home cooked potato chips and coleslaw. It comes in 3 pieces and I was with company, but I totally forgot to (or didn't want to) share it! I don't think I even talked until I finished my last bite. I also had some waffle fries, shared by the table, that was also excellent. The experience and food was so good that we even thought about returning to the restaurant again during the trip! Definitely will go again next time I'm in town.
4	My goal this past week has been to visit places that I've never been in LV before.  I stayed at Aria a few years ago, but hadn't been back since so I decided to walk over and see what is new or had changed in that time.  It was around dinner and I was wander around the reception area and I spotted a restaurant that looked relaxed and casual in the far right corner.  This happened to be Todd English Pub, and is the place I decided to have dinner Sunday night.I entered Todd English Pub around 8pm and the place was packed.  You needed reservations for a table, but since it was just me, I sat at the bar.  I was quickly greeted and given a menu by my server.  I checked out the drink menu and was thrilled to see that they had Strongbow Cider on the menu, so I quickly ordered one.  Price for the cider was $11 per glass, but I love cider so it worth it.  I perused the menu for a while, not sure if I should order a Pub meal like Sheppard's Pie or a burger.  I finally made up my mind and went with Chicken Tacos ($16), the description made them sound flavorful and delicious and didn't let me down.  The chicken tacos come 3 to an order with a crock or rice and beans.  The shells were good; soft shells and held up well against the moist chicken meat and salsa.  The chicken was so moist and well seasoned, I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it and could have eaten even more.  The rice and beans were presented mixed in a crock and were good with a bit of spice as well.   After two glasses of cider and the tacos, my bill totaled $41.  A bit steep, but it's LV so not too bad comparatively.The service at the bar was great.  I wish I would have gotten my servers name, but he was attentive and quick to make sure I had what I needed.  I will definitely be coming here again in the near future.  I can't wait to try other menu items!
5	Had just eaten at a couple high end restaurants (the Sage notably) and had the worst service ever and had to pay for it.    Expecting the same pretentiousness all over, we were pleasantly surprised when we showed up without a reservation and the hostess was a doll and our waiter equally nice.  Not to mention, our food came fast!I love nice people and I completely sucked in all the smiles and graciousness like I was starved for it.   The food was hit and miss but I can recommend the happy hour sliders and the bloody mary's.   The bloody mary's are a meal in itself.   Meaty with the right amount of spice, tart and tang.   The beef sliders don't look like much when they come out but the meat is juicy and seasoned well with a dollop of carmelized onions...more please!   Completely pass on the chicken sliders and the pretzel.   They were tasteless and the pretzel was dry.   This place has a nice, warm, low key pub atmosphere you expect to get at a local joint.   That's hard to accomplish in a place like Vegas.    Todd English also has another restaurant named "Olives" in the Bellagio and it has the same ambiance but is more upscale so I think it's a vibe he strives for.   There is indoor seating and outdoor seating.   The outdoor seating is right at the entrance to Aria resort but you don't feel like you're hanging out in the middle of everything.   It's nice lil spot for people watching and you'll see a lot ;- /
5	This place is awesome!  There is no way it should only have 3.5 stars!  Go have some Lobster Rolls and a pint you will not regret it!  While there say hi to some of the best peeps you will ever meet: Brandon, Lauren, Elsinore & Dana Rock!!!  See you soon!
3	Fun environment, the fried pickles were yummy... But the salad was overpriced and the server was unfriendly.
4	I went here 3 times on a 4-day trip, so yeah, I liked it. The best deal is happy hour (3-6pm every day)--half price pints makes them affordable ($7 for St Bernardus on tap!). Service is pretty good, but I think it's quicker at the bar. They have a good ambiance, it's usually pretty busy and they have games & stuff. Beer selection is good - they have a lot of taps, seasonals, semi-rare beers (at least on tap). Bottled selection isn't as good as the tap, and the bombers are overpriced.
3	Came here with my boss on a work trip. Great ambiance and aesthetically pleasing. When you walk in there is an open seafood bar, "Raw Bar", some bar tables with taps built right into them, and a big selection of food. My boss and I each had yummy salads. The prices were reasonable, considering the town we were in. Very convenient location in the hotel. I loved the customer service; she wasn't snobby or pretentious, she seem happy and willing to help.
5	Very good pub for an informal dinner and high quality beer.  Had the New Amsterdam Burger and it was fantastic.  Try the Firestone IPA, but be warned that it will spoil all following drinks as they will pale in comparison.  Our server was very nice and offered good advice on food and drink choices as well as brought samples of comparable brews.  Will certainly try this place again on our next visit.
5	PUB is Such a great find. They have custom $14 bloody mary's so Evan and Andrea seemed to enjoy spending 20 minutes with the kilted "Bloody Mary Girl" picking out their combo. Perhaps this had something to do with her giant bazoombas? Mor me, 48 hours of straight Vegas binge drinking and the very thought of tomato juice, vodka and spicy made last night's 4 a.m. "4th meal" begin to re-surface.I was really happy I ordered the $24 lobster roll, it was unbelievable! So much lobster smeared in this flavored butter on crispy bread and with a small accompaniment of fries (though they did give me the wrong kind of fries). I will be craving this meal until my next Vegas trip. Hey Evan, can you pick me up one to go on your way to L.A.?
4	The Junk Chips are a MUST order. They are a fantastically, greasy, salty, sweet, bbq-y (?) chips and are so good with beer.
3	Stopped by for a late dinner for the first time last week and overall I kinda expected more from the place. The place itself looks great, big open restaurant with alot of beers on tap, great vibe and the service was on point. I remember PUB used to be popular for nickel beers but they discontinued it as the place probably became a mad house. I describe their menu as high-end bar food with a British twist. The beer tap selection is what definitely makes it worth coming in along with a decent happy hour. My cousin ordered from their carved meat menu which comes with a couple slices of a selected meat, some bread and a choice of side. The turkey he ordered was pretty dry and I thought the portions were surprisingly small. For the $20 they charged him I thought he would have been better off ordering a regular dish. I saw some of the other diners order from the carved meat menu and their food looked equally mediocre.I got the chicken parm sliders and had no qualms. Nice fluffy bread, perfect amount of sauce and cheese and chicken was great. . The bread pudding for desert was pretty meh.. I forgot to realize that it came packed with raisins which I can't stand but thats my fault for not anticipating it. The whole thing seemed to be soaked with rum which kinda gave it an odd flavor However! It's totally Todd English's fault for giving such a tiny scoop of ice cream along with a large serving of the bread pudding. I guess its a pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't serve certain dishes in proper proportions, this 1 clearly needed to be in a 1:1 ratio, but the captain crunch cereal pieces were pretty cool.Ultimately the food is good but not great. PUB is great for the brews and a snack but their are more worthy places in City Center for dinner.
2	When did Todd English become the Tommy Hilfiger of food?
5	The Brown Butter Lobster Rolls were insane! My dish surpassed expectations and absolutely DELIVERED.The venue is great as well. It's a large space set in a classic pub environment with a bit of a luxurious spin on it courtesy of being located at The Aria.If you're in Vegas you should check this place out.
4	Was in Vegas on business and visited Todd English P.U.B. as it was right by my hotel. Best tuna burger I've ever had!!!! I would definitely go back.
4	Great food and service. I love their Dirty chips and lobster roll. It is on a pricey side. Happy hour between  3 to 6 PM and 10 to Midnight. Highly recommend this place!
4	Came here for lunch with a few friends. The place was packed!  The staff were friendly and place was clean and very nice decor. We sat at the bar. I ordered my drink and I wasn't to hungry but I tried the duck bun! It was supper good. It came with four bun.  My only complain would be if they can use less sauce on the duck. Overall would definitely come back and drink some more!
4	Pie Glorious Pie!I went here with one sole purpose. Shepherd's Pie. Get in my Belly! It was my first Shepherd's Pie and will definitely not be my last. Delicious flavors and great service. Beer menu is quite robust and the prices aren't too bad for being in the heart of City Center. Would go back.
1	This place sucked!!!!!Over priced! Food, sub-par! Had the sliders.... $16, three tiny, dry, flavorless tasters. The place itself looked amazing! Service was good. Just very, very disappointed in the food and the prices... $12 for a pint in dogfish head... Crazy!I will not recommend the place to anyone.
4	You gotta have the Junk chips! Also,bloody Mary bar was the best one I have ever seen..service and atmosphere were great...can't wait to re-visit...overall-great pull!!
4	This place is great.  We were there for the afternoon happy hour and enjoyed great wings, oysters, and sliders.  Everything was fabulous!  The beer and drink selection was extensive.  Our server was super hip but very friendly.
2	Expensive burger(18 dollars) with little taste. Service was very poor-not even napkins or flatware offered at the bar. Beer tasteless. Disappointing. Busy place.
3	It's decent. The food is okay and they have that free PBR chug thing. Get the lobster rolls for sure and try out the PBR challenge. It's essentially a free beer.
2	Great selection on beers!!! Too bad I can't say the same for the service or the food.
3	Food was decent, slightly better quality bar food. The beers were good and they have a big selection. Good thing I got a pre-selected beer flight because I wouldn't have been able to decide what to order.
5	The best dining experience I've had as of yet (in Las Vegas)! Food was on point and service was over the top! We stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner/happy hour. They weren't busy on a Monday at 4. We sat at a tap table where we had the option of Woodchuck or Mission IPA. The IPA was good! During happy hour, whatever your pour is 1/2 price. We couldn't say no. I'm still not sure if that was a good decision. The waitress totally indulged us and let us have fun. We ordered pretzels, wings ($1/ea on Mondays), oysters on the 1/2 shell ($2 during happy hour), and then a burger was ordered as well as some tacos. Wings were notably good. Perfectly done. The burger was spectacular! I only had one bite and I wanted 20 more. More flavor than any burger we've had at BURGR. The tacos and oysters were noted as fine by those who ordered them, but nothing to go crazy over. Before tip, everything (including drinks was $100).One of our group did the pint challenge. Drink a pint in 7 seconds or less and it's free. A fun little event! They ring a bell in the place if you get it. Well, he got it and got a free beer! Our waitress also gave us to go cup for our tap table after we cashed out. How nice was that?An overall great experience! P.U.B. will be a regular stop for us in Vegas from now on.
4	I remembered that all the servers seemed to have the English Accent. The beer was good, but the fries were fantastic! This was back when it first opened, but I only started to do this Yelp review.
4	Props to Todd E.  This place is much better executed than his other concepts I've eaten at.  Busy, very popular.  Ridiculously high prices for an excellent beer selection. Lobster roll delicious but dripping in butter and sauce.
4	I stopped here for lunch today with my fiance and two of her co workers.  We were staying at the Aria and weren't yet ready to head to the airport and so decided on this place.  What was nice is that whenever I checked in here on Yelp I got a check-in offer for a free bud light.  While I am not in any way a bud light fan and often avoid it, I love anything free and so eagerly accepted my beer.  Since it was a nice day we decided to sit outside and so I cant really comment on any of the decor inside of the restaurant.For lunch my fiance and I decided to start off our meal by splitting the fried pickles appetizer.  We were pleasantly surprised by the mound of pickle chips that came out and were also impressed by the choice of three dipping sauces: a BBQ, a Blue cheese and my favorite, a spicy sauce.   The pickles were fried nicely and had a good crisp to them and I enjoyed pairing them with the different sauces.  For my lunch entree I decided to go with the Caesar salad after a week of gluttonous eating while my fiance decided on the lobster Cobb salad.  She was nice enough to let me enjoy two of the claws and the lobster was good being sweet, tender and seasoned perfectly.  My Caesar salad was decent sized although I was a little confused whenever it came out topped with tomatoes.  Yes it helped dress up the presentation but I have never seen tomatoes on a Caesar salad before.  The salad was also loaded with dressing which I personally love but know that many do not.  It tasted decent enough but wasn't anything terribly exciting, not that I was expecting it to be.The bottom line from me is that I would head back here again in the future.  It had a great location with outdoor seating in-between the Aria and Crystals and some of the food was really good too.
1	Breath taking rudeness from the brunette host upon arrival. Embarrassing to show American hospitality at its worst to my International guests. Walked away and went to the excellent Spanish Tapas place next door.
4	Great food ...extensive beer menu (and I'm not a big beer drinker) ...fantastic service ...was here with colleagues from work during a trip to Vegas. Had the CBLT and loved it! Will come back...
4	Sadly, we didn't have a whole meal here. We stopped in for a couple pints and snack at the bar in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. We sat at the large, comfortable bar near the raw bar and where some nice ladies were putting together gigantic bloody marys. Our bartender was quick, friendly, and knew her stuff. We had a couple beers which we hadn't seen in our home market and the mini corn dogs. Holy crap you guys, those were the best corn dogs I've ever had. We really should have gotten 2 orders they were that good. It was probably one of my favorite places we stopped in Vegas.
4	5 stars for food... minus 1 star for service.  A customizable bloody mary menu... sign me up over and over again... I'm a new fan!Came here for my final meal before my flight back home, and one person in our party was insistent on finding a place to eat that would allow her to watch her beloved Eagle's game so we walked around a while to find a place that fit both and could fit us in around the Aria (where we were staying), and Todd English P.U.B. was the perfect fit.  Despite a packed restaurant, we were cordially greeted by a nice hostess and were seated after a brief 10 minute wait.  Water came quickly to our table, however it took ages for our waitress to come to our table.  After she took 4 orders from our table, she walked away having being pulled away to take care of another table's check who had been waiting over 15 minutes to receive their bill so they could pay and leave.  So we ended up having to wait even longer for our food to be ordered.  When the waitress finally came back after waiting for another 20 minutes one person had a question about the brunch items on the menu (mind you we came in 1.5 hours before brunch ended on Sundays) and our waitress again stopped taking orders and walked away as she didn't know the time and how late brunch wasn't offered (hello it's on the menu... we had cell phones and watches to give you the time).Finally our waitress came back and we were able to get our orders in (and we made the brunch window) and a few of us had fun customizing our bloody marys.  The waitress who took our order for the bloody marys was super helpful, she guided us through everything and answered the ton of questions we had.Luckily, the time for our food to arrived was minimal.  I ordered the lobster eggs benedict and it was super delicious and beyond stuffing.  My bloody mary was amazing!  I normally am not a huge fan of bloody mary's, but I'm glad I reserved judgement and tried it out.So for anyone who wants a place with casual dining and great food I would highly recommend it!
2	Lots of TVs, and good food. They have an expansive beer selection, and I was smart enough to do a beer flight. OOOOhhhh yeahhhh. It was great. The oysters here tasted fresh too. The place was crowded but my friend and I were able to be seated rather quickly. I had the New Amsterdam Burger. It was okay, but not memorable. it was practically a Reuben burger, which i've had before at another restaurant. The place can be a bit loud.Overall its a nice place next to the Aria. But I think for the price i've had better joints.
4	A 1/2 yard of a great beer and excellent lobster sliders...what else do you need?  Next time, I'll pass on the homemade potato chips as they weren't very crisp.  The fries one of my friends had were far better.  All in all, great place to grab a drink and relax with what little money is left after making a donation in the casino.
3	Visited this spot after Zarkana last month since it was close by. The restaurant had a dark ambiance. Low light and upscale looking. It was pretty empty, bright spot it was happy hour tho(10pm to closing). All I had was a couple sliders since I wasn't too hungry from my late lunch previously in the day. They were good, not as good as the kobe sliders at Bacchanal but ok. Nothing too memorable about the experience. Waitress seemed in a bit of a rush to take our order since she didn't seem to want to, or didn't think we needed much explaining on the regular or happy hour menu.It's definitely not a cheap place to eat. But I know to expect that dining on the strip. Even with some of our items being happy hour specials, it still came out to around $100 for 4. Not sure if I'd revisit, but it would be an ok option if I was near it and hungry.
3	I stumbled into this location after leaving the Mall and was pleasantly surprised to find a beer bar.The menu itself is pub - bar food as the name implies. You do get free popcorn as a side but its sort of boring just as the burger I ordered was. What really drew myself to dine here was the beer list, which was fair and had several local and international ales on tap. Pricing was fair, but still you are paying a marked up price for a simple ale. The atmosphere is loud and boisterous even during the times there was no game on the televisions, but really what isn't this way in a Vegas bar? Service was ok at best and left a lot of room for improvement, namely when it comes to making sure when my glass is getting low to pay attention to my needs. It would be okay if this place was packed but it was not too filled and had a couple of empty tables on the other side of the restaurant.  3 stars - good ale selection for the strip but very dull cuisine.
4	Two of my favorite words are happy hour. Happy hour twice a day every day makes me really happy! Happy hour at Todd English P.U.B. runs from 3-6 pm and then from 10 pm - midnight. On our first evening in Vegas, my husband and I walked down to this pub for the afternoon/early evening happy hour. We found two seats at the bar, and after a slight wait for service, were helped by an incredibly friendly bartender. This place has an incredible beer list, including one of my favorite beers, the Double Jack. We enjoyed our time at P.U.B. so much that Friday, we returned for the late night happy hour on Saturday with two of our friends. It was much less crowded so getting four seats at the bar was no problem. Again we had super friendly service (much quicker this time too) and our friends were successful in the "7 Second Challenge" (chug a pint of beer in seven seconds or less) so they got their first drinks for free!The only food I tried was the grilled cheese with brie and bacon. The bacon completely overwhelmed the sandwich and there was just too little brie cheese. I wouldn't order it again, but I would go back and try more of the food. I will definitely be back at this place on my next visit to Vegas because of the really good happy hour. Check their FB page for the deals!
5	I have dined and cocktailed at PUB three times over the course of two Vegas weekends, and this is the perfect place to wind down, take a breather, or get your game on.Twice I have had reservations (once for 3, the second time for 12), and once I walked in solo and asked to be seated at the bar.  All three times, my booty was on a seat faster than you can say Jiminy Cricket.  The Vegas restaurant scene is extraordinarily pretentious, often without justification.  This place is the antidote!  Good food, good beverage, good service, good ambiance (although a bit loud), good prices.  They have happy hour twice a day, and they are open early for rehab a/k/a Bloody Mary hour.  Don't miss it, even if you have to crawl.  You will thank me.The food is basic yet playful gourmet.  Don't come looking for molecular gastronomy, because this place doesn't take itself that seriously.  Who wants that at noon on a Saturday anyway?  Not this girl!The food is pub fare, yet creative.  Gluten and dairy free options are clearly marked, if it matters.The servers are friendly, the patrons are friendly, the beer and cocktail selection is good.  At the bar, the bartenders facilitate and encourage interaction with other customers.  When I came solo while waiting on my room at Aria to be ready, I had a great time joking around and drinking with the honeymooners who were next to me, thanks to the bartender who chatted us up.  Any attire will fit in here, just come as you are.  Lug your suitcase.  Do the walk of shame.  Whatever it takes, just come.Don't miss Todd English P.U.B.
3	On a Tuesday afternoon after walking the strip went into the P.U. B. for some nice cold beer and some appetizers we had the Junk Chips  which consist of homeade chips with bbq beef ragu and crumble bleu cheese and alioli along with the sliders (which are on the happy hour menu) and the brown butter lobster Roll with Alioli. All very good. Great place to relax and kick back  You get popcorn the second you walk in.
4	Love the happy hour specials here $1 wings and half off pints of beer .... Also the duck cakes are amazing ....junk chips have to be my favorite ... Only draw back I would say is  consistency on wings ... One day they are huge one day they are small ... Other than that great place to grab a drink and have fun with friends
1	Beer took 20 minutes to get to our table. Fly in my water. Half of food came late. Service not worth the price but food is good.
5	This place was amazing!  Started with fresh oysters, half East Coast half West Coast,  I could have eaten a dozen more,  delish! Was torn between the lobster buns and the duck sliders,  chose the sliders and they were to. die. for!! Tasted like the meat had been marinating for days, full of flavor with a taziki sauce on the side that went very well with the sliders. My brother loves a challenge and of course murdered two beers in way less then the 7 seconds given! 7 seconds or less=free beer (2 drink max) lol,  he could have went all night:) Weather was great,  all around awesome! !
4	I was in Vegas for 3 days this month and every day included at least one visit to Todd English P.U.B. My husband and I loved the food and the atmosphere-unlike most restaurants and bars in Vegas, Todd English actually has windows! and light! We didn't feel like we were in a cave or that is was the middle of the night in the middle of the day! Just an overall fun atmosphere with great staff to boot.Onto their food....they know how to do bar food right! The Lobster Rolls are a must-warm and buttery with big chunks of fresh lobster-so delicious! We also tried the loaded chips that are HUGE and very tasty. The footlong hot dog with chili looked ridiculously good along with pretty much everything else that came out of the kitchen. They also have an awesome Bloody Mary cart on the weekends where you can create your very own bloody with anything your heart desires-pickled green beans, bacon, cheese, carrots, celery, housemade infused vodkas....the list goes on, and on, and on-these creations are like a meal in a glass and the perfect way to start a day in Sin City! Lots of TVs, good crowd, definitely worth a visit!
2	I came sorta unknowingly because me and bf were meeting up with his fam.  We were seated near the bar and there were tons of TVs everywhere and lots of enthusiastic sports fans.  The beer list is super extensive and the food seemed pretty expensive... but hey it's Vegas.  I wanted the Epic without Fermentation beer under their seasonals but I guess they were out so the server recommended the St. Bernardus.  It was really strong for me, but it's ok I ordered it.  I wasn't too hungry and ordered the junk chips based on yelpers suggestions and the other party ordered fried pickles.  From looking at the only pic on yelp of the junk chips, my chips didn't really look like that.  The chips on the yelp pic looks even spread, but when my junk chips came out the BBQ ragu was only like at the bottom chips and the bleu cheese was uneven and then like a lump of  scallions on the very top chip.  As far as the flavors, the housemade chips were like thicker lays BBQ chips and I felt they were pretty salty and sweet which didn't compliment the overpowering flavors of the BBQ ragu and the bleu cheese.  I don't know.  Just not my favorite.The fried pickles were good.  They were just thin/thick enough with a nice coating.  It came with 3 dipping sauces which were a housemade ketchup, sirracha ranch that was pretty spicy, and a bleu cheese dip.  Overall I wouldn't make it a point to come here for lunch/dinner but maybe a quick (expensive) snack because it was a nice place to relax.
4	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for just a few nights but I knew I wanted to come here when I saw the Candy Corn Martini featured on the Todd English P.U.B. Facebook page. We were staying way off the strip for a conference but I called and spoke with a friendly and helpful hostess named Shahia (I know I just jacked up the spelling of her name! Sorry!) She was so sweet telling us the best way to find the place since we were taking the monorail! When we made it, we greeted each other like old friends! I loved that!We sat outside so my boyfriend could see a bit  of the World Series on the outdoor TV. We had Corey as our sever, he was just as friendly and fabulous as Shahia! We started with martini's (my one Candy Corn martini was enough...it was VERY SWEET but so festive!) We ordered the Ahi Tuna Tar Tare as a starter...This was so delish! I highly recommend it! I had Steak Tacos and my BF had the Sheperd's Pie which was also very very good! We had a great time and a great dinner. Maybe too many Strongbow Ciders and Fireball, but hell...we were in Vegas! We really enjoyed our last evening there and the service Corey and Shahia provided was great! We will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas! I highly recommend anyone else to visit Todd English P.U.B. also, you will not be disappointed! Thanks!!
5	Livin' The life!!!! At The Pub!  Oyster shooters and oysters!  delicious! Great bar tender!!  A must at happy hour !!! crystals! Las Vegas !!!!
4	Definitely a Gastropub experience, I came here for an after-lunch not quite yet dinner snack/meal :) Service was friendly and attentive even during a packed happy hour. They even have a bathroom attendant! They have a great happy hour though we decided to steer away from the happy hour food menu to try other things... We literally were drawn in by some of the burgers and meat slabs we saw from those sitting outside.Off of the Carvery menu we ordered 8 oz of the Prime Beef with the horseradish sour cream and TE BBQ sauces... so good! My favorite out of the two was the horseradish cream. We also had the waffle fries, which were awesome. We'd love to be back from something off the carvery menu or to try their burgers!
4	Came in for Happy Hour because of 50% savings on fresh oysters, beer (draft & bottled)-domestic & imported and snacks. PUB extends Happy Hour prices to table seating in addition to cozying up to the bar(which always seems "packed in like sardines"). Everyone is so friendly and service was fast. We felt like we were somewhere in England surrounded by white tiles like the underground trains. Yet, you knew this is just transplanted decor as hard rock bleared, adding to gastropub ambience.After slurping down oysters and beers, we ordered pub sandwiches. You have a choice of 1/2 pound or 1 pound portions. 1/2 pound was plenty enough! The pastrami was not your typical deli-style thin cut slices but was served as tender chunks with your choice of fresh baked bread and 2 sauces. Gosh, I couldn't resist truffle mayo to accompany my sandwich. Meanwhile, my husband chose the 1/2 pound crispy duck legs (you get 2 legs & thighs). He shredded/pulled the duck meat off the bones and filled the bread. He also chose the truffle mayo, although the maple soy glaze would have worked well with the duck. Yummo!In the end, we stayed for 2 rounds of beer & were filled with our delicious selections. I'm so full, I need to lie down!  We'd gladly return to PUB during our stay in LV but, we're running out of time and want to hit the casinos.
5	Great beer selection. You also don't want to pass up the Bloody Mary on a Sunday morning. Fantastic. Excellent bar staff! Great place to socialize and enjoy a few rounds.
4	Taste: 4Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 3.5Service: 4Bang for your buck: 2Met up with some buddies here because my buddy claims they have the best lobster roll... So after shot gunning some beers for there 7 second challenge we got some about 2 dozen oysters, the lobster roll and asparagus. The oysters were fresh and smooth alot of flavor. Now to the infamous lobster roll, now ive lived in the east coast and ive had maine lobster rolls and lobsters rolls from boston and those are gonna be hard to beat; the only place that i say came close is son of a gun in LA but this place is def on point. The roll is a nicely toasted butter smothered heavens gift to earth, the lobster is cooked perfectly not, chewy great flavor and texture. Overall im a fan of this  place great for beers and ill def be back for another lobster roll
4	Good happy hour between 3-7. The atmosphere was great and so was the service. The food was pretty good, your typical pub fare. My husband took the pint chugging challenge and won himself a free beer haha only in Vegas!
3	You get what you should expect on the strip with this place. The service is really hindered by a management practice of being under staffed. Our server apologized to us for a bottle neck at the bar because there was only one bartender on Saturday night at the busy hour. I asked if someone hadn't showed up, and she said, no, this is normal. We always have one bartender who goes insane trying to keep up at this time. Guess the customers' satisfaction and the bartender's sanity is not worth an extra hand. The beer selection is decent, and since you're paying strip prices, and each beer takes 15 minutes minimum, we got a whole pitcher of tripel. No complaints there! The food was good, and of course priced high. I got the lobster rolls which were so widely lauded. I was disappointed that the main ingredient was butter, and it overpowered every other flavor, ESP the lobster. I rubbed all the butter off a piece of lobster to be able to taste it, and it was honestly not very good without its butter bath. Disappointed that a supposedly high end restaurant cannot make a good lobster dish without applying a butter solution to mask any other flavor. The chili burger was actually really good. I recommend that one. We sat outside and enjoyed great people watching while we waited long spells between service visits. Overall, you could do worse on the strip.
2	I normally like Todd English Pub but on this occasion I was not a big fan....First the hostess seats my girlfriend and I in a section that apparently does not have a waitress. After about 10 minutes we flag down a waitress so we can get some service. It was not her section but she decided to help us anyway which was very nice of her. As we look around we realize we are the only ones with no complimentary popcorn on our table, awesome. Our water comes and there is some kind of metal ring in one of them, awesome. I ordered the brisket which was good and had great sauces on the side. My girl had the Caesars salad, it was so so.Other then a couple things that were kind of annoying, the brisket was good and our waitress was very nice and helpful.
2	I ordered the chicken parm slider. Mmmm, it was ohhkay. The crispy chicken wings were tasty! I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. Our server was very nice though
3	This is my 3rd time at Todd's pub. This time we came for happy hour. Loved the chicken wings and the oysters!! Wife had the lobster cob salad, lots of lobster on top. Unfortunately our waitress was horrible. I hate when they become so nice when they bring the check.
2	To start, the surly crab apple of a hostess seemed annoyed to have to seat us and was generally unfriendly. Then she seated another table and was slightly nicer to them. At least she told them the specials, a courtesy we were not extended. The menu is big. And there really wasn't anything I wanted on it. In their defense, English pub fare really isn't my thing. But we were in the market for a good beer and am appetizer. I ordered the franzin-something or another hefeweizen on draft. It was ok. We ordered the junk chips which sucked big time. Messy and way too vinegary. As my father would say, it was a pile of slop. We had two different waiters and they were both really nice. So I give them 2 stars, 1 for our waiters and 1 for the complimentary bucket of popcorn.
1	Do not order the fish and chips, yuck. There was one sliver of fish which was like jerky and the rest was greasy batter. The place was over the top noisy. I would not go to this place again.
3	We came here for a quick dinner after watching O and before heading out to clubbing. We first wanted to come here cuz we liked to sit outdoor, but we got there right when they stopped seating outdoor.The PUB was not very crowded. We quickly ordered our food so we could eat fast. We also checked in on Yelp and got free beers. I don't know why it took the server forever to bring out the beers while it was not many tables and many other servers were just chilling on the side.We order 2 sliders which we hoped to come out with fries, but they didn't. The sliders were pretty good with flavorful meat, tomato, shredded lettuce, caramelized onion, thousand island sauce. We also had Bangers and Mash which had 2 grilled sausages and creamy mashed potato. The sausages were actually pretty good although they didn't look appealing. I don't like creamy mashed potato.. so i didn't like it.
4	Hung out at this place twice during a 2 day stay at Aria.  Cannot beat the happy hour prices and selection.  Honestly I'm so thankful we found this place when we did so we didn't have to pay the typical vegas drink prices.  Also loved the discounted wings for happy hour (nice sized!).  The rest of the food was a bit pricey for the quality, but that's Vegas for you.  Had the tomato onion salad which was fine....overdresses and small.  The patra-minis were tasty but also just ok.  But the drinks make up for the shortcomings.  Service was great too.
5	I have had my substantial... well actually too many for one's own good, of Vegas affairs and visits in my lifetime. So I have seen, wined, dined, swam, raved, raged, raved, and raged etc... pretty much most places worth going to.  I have always thoroughly enjoyed Todd English P.U.B. conveniently located by the lobby of Aria.  This spot has been, the new up and coming place, and has flourished ever since.Great place to come and grab some nice bar bites and as always a great selection of alcohol.  They have a very unique and special brew menu to choose from with beers coming from all corners of the world.  AAAAND wooow... their Bloody Marry's.... over the top crazy!  Very nice and original house mix... but their fixin's.... is literally like a bouquet of goodies overflowing from the top of your glass.  There is literally like a full meal of food dressing your glass, from chicken wings, to cold cuts, to shirmp, and even a crab leg, all blossoming out of your bloody marry.  Of course you can make it to your customized liking.  I think it was a bit too busy for me, so I will stick to the basics next time... but it was OH SO GOOD! :PI always always ALLLWAYS bring the crew here for the seven second beer chug challenge!  It's a really fun way to get the party started during the day while hanging out and munching on some good eats.  You basically choose a premium $9 beer, and you have to chug a pint of it in 7 seconds and its $FREE.99 :P  You can do it twice.  Awesome way to get a free buzz going!  Of course please do tip your bar tender well!  The 7 second chug is quite doo-able, but if you need something easier to complete this challenge, try the Irish Creme beer they have, it is less carbonated and goes down way smoother.  Usually they don't let you, but if you rub the bar tender the right way, and you feel like a champ, try to do the 7sec chug with a nice dark stout and you will be good for a while.  Tried it a couple times and... yea... it unleashed the beast! :PFinally.. on to the food... Yummmzzz!  Very tasty and creative.  We always get the Junk Chips to munch on and soak up the alchy.  It is pretty tasty with fresh cut and fried housemade chips loaded with bbq pulled beef, loaded with a house aioli and all the nacho type fixin's.  It is like a classy... nacho... on roids.  Their main dishes and entrees are very good as well.  They have a super wide array of eats from fresh salads, to lobster rolls, to fancy burgers, to a raw seafood bar, and grade A protein, there will be something to fancy your appetite!Great upscale bar like atmosphere accompanied with friendly and welcoming service.  Not the cheapest place on the block to grab a bite and drinks, but heck, you're in Vegas... you didn't come here to save money. ;P  I will always pay a visit when I am in town!
4	This was another stop on our crazy weekend of my cousin's bachelor party. We stumbled (literally) into this place to drink and munch on some tasty noms. I was very happy that we did. This is a restaurant that I will be sure to frequent on future trips to las wages! What I got to quench my thirsts:Any place that serves yards of alcohol, gets two thumbs up from this guy! They have a nice variety of beers and ciders on tap to choose from to fill your yard glass. I chose to go with a cider. I am not too clear on what that particular cider was called but it was fruity with a pear/melon flavor? What I shoved in my mouth after:Drunk chips: House made chips, tomato, scallion, blue cheese crumbles, bbq beef ragu, scallion aioli.Do I really need to explain why these were delicious?Sliders: Mini beef burgers, caramelized onion, thousand island dressing, mini brioche, skinny friesOnce again just the discretion alone should get your mouth watering. Great place with great food and atmosphere. I recommend eating outside on their patio if the weather permits.
5	Came across this pub on accident.   We tried going to wolf gang pucks .unfortunately they were closed and we came here.  They have an awesome happy hour and our waiter chris oneil was superb. We would definitely cone back and dine here again.  Lobster roll is on point and the burger was so juicy.  Definitely give this place a try.
5	Came to the pub for happy hour got a server named Chris O.took care of us Great service good food no complaints
3	Ate here last Wednesday afternoon-the food was good but later my Mom told me that her sliders tasted like they had been sitting out for awhile. I admonished her for not saying anything but she just shrugged. Definitely the type of place to come with friends and order a bunch of stuff to tackle together. We didn't even attempt the lengthy drink menu as we had just come from the spa.
5	Wow, this was a great find! My friend and I stopped in for lunch, we started off with mimosas. Yum. She ordered the grilled cheese, comes as a panini with cheese and bacon, great! I ordered the bologna sandwich, oh my, big toasted white bread, thin fried bologna, cheese, I added mustard and enjoyed this wonderful sandwich. Loved the presentation, comes wrapped inside a brown bag with kettle chips and a chocolate chip cookie. So many great things on the menu, gotta get back to try more! This is going to be one of my favorite places to eat!
5	Atendimento muito bom principalmente se for atendido pelo Brandon   Cara super legal. Comida muito boa. Happy hour vale muito a pena conferir.
4	I originally made reservations for Delmonico, but after realizing that it was just a little too expensive, I canceled and came here instead. I think I made the right choice.It was close to the end of happy hour, so I got a big pint of Stella for half off. Between the husband and I, we got the little corn dogs, prime rib chili, a chicken BLT for me, a burger for him, and he got the chocolate shake for dessert. Everything was amazing, especially the chili. They even honored my request of replacing the arugula in the sandwich with romaine. (Hey, what's with the funny look?)The service was great. The atmosphere was casual and loud, but not too much. It is a little pricey, but it's the Strip, and you get what you pay for. In my case, I paid for getting stuffed, buzzed, and happy.
4	Good place to catch a game as they have TV's all over the place.  Good draft beer selection as well as a full bar.  On weekends, they have a bloody mary stand though I didn't try it.  They have a 7 day a week happy hour with half off drafts and some food specials.  Ended up coming twice during my last Vegas stay.  Have had a buffalo burger, chili, and wings, all which I was satisfied with.  The prices are more than they should be, but its Vegas so what can you do.
5	Awesome place! This is the best selection for good beer I have found in Vegas. My wife and I stopped here for happy hour and had $1 IPA's and I had $1 wings. The wings were sizable and filling. I had 6. My wife went with an order of muscles which were very delicious as well. I did half of her order.We ate outside and while it is off the beaten path; it is a nice quiet atmosphere. We are actually headed back for their $1 beer of the day again today.
4	Free bud light when you check in with yelp!!!  Dollar hot wings after 11 pm!!!  Skip the oysters because they were not plump and fresh.  The sliders are ok.  In general, this is a low maintenance place to grab drinks and some food if you are staying at Aria.  It's nothing fancy but it's good fun!
3	The food was pretty OK, it was kind of plain/bland. I liked the fries. Cool vibe inside and the service was friendly. It's very dark inside. I received a free beer for checking in on yelp too!
3	We had an awesome lunch out in their patio.  I've heard of Todd English but didn't think he was into "pubs." $1 Brooklyn lager -- great value.  Then we had some lobster rolls -- YUM.  The crab cake sliders were ok, but would definitely go back for the lobster roll.  I know you're probably thinking... lobster at a PUB??  But you gotta try it!  Besides they have sliders, fries, and all the other standard stuff too.
2	The menu looks good, nice pub atmosphere &  convenient if you're staying in the Aria.... But...the food was missing something even though it was pricey for bar type food.Chicken Parmesan sliders ($15 for 3)were bland & boringThe $2 oyster of the day was meh.Quiche Lorraine ($14) was bland.Hot dog ($16) was huge but unimpressive. It came with fries which I dipped in their black truffle mayo. This was the only tasty item.The service was good but won't return for $60 (with tip) lunch that was blah.
4	Todd English's PUB is a fun place to visit in Vegas. They have a great beer selection (draught), not your typical American crap lagers. This was the first place I tried Innis and Gunn (a Scottish beer) and they served it at the perfect temperature. Of all the other places I've had it, no one comes close to serving it right. The happy hour prices are awesome: 50% off draught beers. Prices are otherwise high (lots of draughts start at $12+), but, as previously mentioned, they are good beers (lots of craft and European beers). You also get to sample their draught beers, so you don't have to blindly commit to a random beer you may not like. I have only sat at the bar, so I have never eaten food here. I can't comment on the food, but it appears their raw seafood bar is popular. The service at the bar has always been the same. Every time we go (my gf and I) our bartender will take a while to actually serve us (not too long, but longer than expected with the number of patrons that are present) and they won't be too talkative. However, the longer we stay the nicer they get. They are very informative on their beers and offer samples to the beers we are interested in trying. We have not met one bad bartender and we, honestly, have loved each bartender that has helped us. In fact, even the dishwasher at the bar was informative and very helpful as well. The only reason I give this place -1 star is for the price outside of happy hour. I understand it's Vegas and it's located within their high-end mall, but the prices are still extravagant. The PUB at Monte Carlo next door has a great selection of beers also, but they are not nearly as expensive. Regardless, this is a great establishment with great beer and wonderful service. I would recommend this place to anyone and have made this a place that I will frequent anytime I'm in Vegas.
1	We had good service that's where it ended. Food was bland and pretty tasteless. Lobster rolls were more bread than lobster and then had no flavor. Todd's Tacos had no seasoning and a weird sauce that shouldn't be on Mexican food.  Would not go back.
4	We stopped here both trips to Vegas in 2013.  A fun bar with great pub food.  Fast drinker?! Try the 7 second challenge - down a beer in 7 seconds and its free.  Needless to say - I did not attempt, but my husband did with time to spare!  (Not sure I should be proud....)Anywho - service was a little on the slow side, considering we were in during the early afternoon and it was not very crowded.  However, did enjoy the bartenders recommendations (even though he doesn't drink.)  He goes on what is popular and word of mouth - he was right every time.Lobster salad sliders for lunch were to die for.  3 mini sliders toasted with butter and huge chunks of sweet lobster.  served with a side of homemade kettle chips - nice crunchy and delicious.  Very happy with my meal choice, a good stop in Vegas.
4	Pub not.  Museum feel, open, patio dining, woodsy, with the feeling of it's the place to be.  With over 70 draft beers, and a menu as wide as it is deep = awesomeness.  A bit overpriced for the beers ($9+) and food is my guess for its overall low ratings.I got a free pint of bud light (Yelp check-in offer), and a half pound of beef brisket carvery ($19).   Super tender, and super good.  Came with choice of bread, and 2 sauces of choice (creamy horseradish and the mustard trio).Sports on the TVs, cool music, and a barrel of peanuts which I went ape for.The girls working here would be rated "normal", are wearing Daisy Duke type outfits.  At the bar, professional yet fun bartenders steal the roost.  Especially when double happy hours are promoted: 3p-6p, 10p-1a.All in all, a great outing. Thumbs up.
2	Overpriced bland food. Expensive beer on an expansive selection.Housed in the upscale Crystals mall next to the Aria Todd English's PUB has an air of old English pub with enough upscale to expect quality food and a steep check. It lives up to the steep check expectation. Service is good. Server wore a Steelers jersey and took good natured ribbing from the Seahawk's 12th man in good stride.Bangers and Mash: This is the quintessential English Pub dish. This is a miss. the mash was prepared correctly but tasted like a mix of fresh potatoes and boxed instant mash. The bangers.... cooked but no flavor. None. Literally tastes like someone pulled the bangers out of the freezer and threw them in a pot of boiling water. How hard is it to season your food?Fish and chips: Truffle fries were excellent. Fish was meh. Again lacks seasoning or any sense of flavor. Even Morton's frozen fish has more flavor.
4	Good food, fun and fast bartenders. We sat at the bar, I think it was much better than if we sat at a table. The oysters were delicious we did a mixed plate of half east coast and half west. Very fresh tasting. I enjoyed the potstickers very much, but my husband thought they were just ok. We split the ribeye. It was cooked perfectly. If you are up to the challenge flip the hourglass and down a beer in seven seconds to get it for free. Hubby completed the challenge, I took a pass. ;) Don't underestimate the desert. The brownie ala mode was one of the yummiest things I ever have had in my mouth lol.
4	I enjoyed Todd English P.U.B. very much. I ordered a mint chip shake to start, which is kind of backwards, but it was delicious. My friend and I stopped in on our way back from shopping and before getting ready for a show. After eating so much heavy food in Vegas, it was nice to be able to walk in somewhere and be out of there in an hour or less.The atmosphere is fun, and the location is great as it is near all the shopping at Crystals. I ordered the lobster cobb, and there was good amount of lobster on the salad, which made me a happy girl and I LOVE lobster. My friend had the roasted chicken pot pie, and it looked delicious as well. I'm not sure why this place doesn't have better reviews. For what I was looking for at the time, an easy place to grab dinner in between shopping and a show, it hit the spot.
4	I like this place it was clean, and had good seating to watch football. drank a lot of beer! the happy hour was ok, I didn't really care for the options offered. oh wait the wings and oysters (strange comb yes) I took full advantage of... all in all nice spot for good food in casual setting and good beer.
4	We came to Todd English P.U.B. for a friends birthday after a night at the Cosmo ice skating rink.  I definitely wanted to visit this place, being that Todd English is a 4-time James Beard award winner.  Yum, I heard the place was located in Crystals mall, so what a great opportunity to Yelp and top notch place on the strip!We originally parked at the Cosmo and walked over to Crystals.  There's a convenient over pass, but let me tell you, the restaurant is situated in a little nook in the mall, so make sure you keep your eyes open!  Once you get in the place, you'll notice the round circular lamp chandeliers.  The lighting is a bit dim and offers a romantic/intimate setting.  One of the immediate focal points is the seafood bar.  When I went there, not much of the seafood was displayed, rather a bunch of crushed ice.  We were sat in the back where you say a cool exposed brick wall.  You got to see the expediter station and where the food was being cooked!  I love exposed kitchens.  It contributes to the intimate type setting, like you have a personal chef! Our servers name was Corey.  He was a cool guy, really nice and accommodating.  He checked on our table once in a while and didn't breathe down our neck which was very much appreciated.Some restaurants provide a basket of bread before the meal.  This place, oddly enough, gives a small bucket of popcorn.  To me, it says cheap.  I'm not really a fan of that.  I'd put that in the same boat as giving peanuts.  Not something I really expected from a Todd English establishment, but it did the trick.  For my drink, I got the Gnarly Head Pinot Grigio for $11 a glass.  Heads up, if you check in to Yelp, you get a free 12oz glass of light beer!  I got that too :) LOL. For dinner, I got the New Amsterdam burger for $18.  This burger is a 10oz beef patty, shaved pastrami, kraut, Swiss cheese, picklelilly and fatty fries.  I got the patty medium rare which was perfectly cooked, the shaved pastrami was nice and salty.  I asked for the kraut on the side, but should had it on the burger like it came.  Offered a tangy element and a light crunchy texture to the burger.  The fatty fries were little wedges, nothing groundbreaking but they did give a lot!At the end of the day, the place was better than OK. I wouldn't mind going back to try the seafood as it looks like a highlight to the restaurant.  Thanks for a great birthday dinner for my friend!
3	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Lobster Rolls - I honestly got this because apparently this is one of the more popular items.  While these were decent, I would not recommend them to anyone ESPECIALLY if you have never had a lobster roll in the past.  The lobster they use doesn't have a genuine sweetness to it and they load it with lobster claws, which in my opinion, lacks flavor and texturally is off-putting.  For what it was it was decent, but being that it was DROWNING in mayo turned me off.  Lobster is rich as is, so let the lobster speak for itself.  For certain they do not use maine lobster (a more traditional lobster roll approach) because as I mentioned, the sweetness was greatly lacking.Sliders - Definitely get these with the truffle mayo.  I do not say this because I am hyped up on truffle, but because I truly enjoy truffle.  Unless you don't mind regular ol' thousand island then stick to that.Belgian Beer Flight - loved this, all 5 were superb and different.Sour beer - I absolutely adore sours and this tasted as if you bit into a sour apple and chased each bite with a nice red.OVERALL:  This place scream pub fare and is a great way to escape vegas life.  It made me feel like I was back in Cali at a local pub, enjoying some eats and brews with good company.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
4	It's a bit pricy, but can't expect much else around Aria in Las Vegas.  I enjoyed the chicken pot pie ($18), not being in the mood for a burger.  The filling was just the right texture; rich and creamy without being overly heavy.  Chicken inside was perfectly tender and crust was flakey but not dry and thick enough to really get something out of it.  Served in a large oval bowl which was more than enough for a meal.  Overall, excellently balanced meal to enjoy on a cool evening in the desert with a Belgian beer, or three.
5	Four of us went at 5pm on a Wednesday evening for Happy Hour/dinner. For HH there is a huge selection of draught beer and wines by the glass that are half off.  There is also a $10/bottle of wine special where you can choose from Cabernet or Chardonnay.My brother had the  steak tacos and said they were the best tacos he's had.  I had the vegetarian option- the portabello mushroom sandwich.  It came topped with roasted red peppers, spinach, cheese, and aioli.  By far the best I've had, and being a vegetarian, I've had quite a few of these over the years. It also came with a side of pickled vegetables, delicious!The parents had burgers.  Dad had the huge buffalo style burger, which came with enough fatty fries for at least 2 people.  Mom had 2 HH sliders at $3 each and was full.We were impressed with the price ($105 w/tip) for a bottle of wine, 2 beers, 3 hearty, fresh, quality entrees, and 2 sliders.Our server, Kimberly was super helpful and friendly to boot.  We'll definitely be returning.
2	This review is for when my husband and I were there on New Year's Eve. So, I don't know if this is how it normally is.It's a fun atmosphere, the decorations are fun, and they some of the tables have the opinion of pulling your own beers=pretty cool concept.They also do a think were if you can chugg a beer in under 2 mins.; they pay for the beer (stipulations apply I'm sure) but people were doing it that night.The service was 2/5-they were kind of pushy and not very friendly. And I wasn't impressed with the price. We got two beers, and the dirty chips. The bill was 45 dollars. That seems unjustifiably  high to me. Won't be back. Too many good places to try to bother returning to overpriced and mediocre.
4	Fried pickles were amazing, bangers and mashed were recommended to me by a visiting British cop and I loved then.You have to do the 7 second, it's easy if you don't pick a heavy beer.English beer flight was well worth it as well.  Overall I will be back for sure.
4	Second time in Vegas, second time at Todd English PUB - Overall on both trips I found the food to be good - a modern take / update on simple pub food - this trip had the shrimp as an appetizer - good but I also feel like any place on this level shouldn't screw this up - and the New Amsterdam - that burger was great - good flavor with a lot going on.My only complaint for this place was prices of some items - I get that its in Vegas and on the strip prices can be a little inflated, but $8 for a PBR and $9 for a Bud Light seems a little steep especially considering I was able to order a great craft beer for just a few dollars more rather than having a BUD....
3	I came here for my friend's birthday.  She wanted to do something chill but had heard about their lobster rolls so that's what we got!Yay:-Lobster rolls: nice buttery rolls, perfectly cooked lobster with a side of chips.  I'm not a huge fan of lobster because it can get overwhelming and tough but they cooked it really well here.  Plus the ratio of mayo to the lobster was good as well.Other:-Loaded chips: Freshly made potato chips, with bbq beef ragu, cheese and some sort of cream sauce.  The bbq in this is definitely strong. Get this if you like the taste of bbq.  The beef ragu was scarce, barely had any.  One of my friends didn't even know there was beef in it and we had already gotten through almost half.  It's a huge order though, so enough to share.  I had to ask for extra cream sauce to tame the bbq flavor.  Chips were nice and crispy, didn't seem oily.-Service: it was okay.  Our waitress wasn't that attentive.  It was kind of loud in there but it seemed like every time we would try to flag her down or say something to her before she walked off, we were ignored.  She also spilled one of our drinks on a portion of a table and never cleaned it up even after she said she was going to come back to clean it.
4	I did't have mane expectation and was pleasant surprised!
3	Place is pretty good but expensive! Almost everything on the menu is $20 bucks or more! Had the lobster rolls which was good. They have lots of beer on tap.. Pretty fun crowd. If your only in the crystal palace mall/Aria area this is worth the short walk but i wouldn't go out of my way to just come here.
5	Don't have to say anything more than these four words ... Brown. Butter. Lobster. Rolls. Absolutely incredible. I've never eaten that slow in my life. I didn't want it to end.
4	Awesome beer challenge and great atmosphere!  Games and great crowd. Had it twice. More impressed the first time with service but can't complain to much about my second experience.
5	I had the seare tuna with sake bomb..amazing..the lobster rolls were awesome. .and u must try the Dirty Chips..crey crey good
2	Very disappointing. We enjoyed Olive and thought we'd try this new place and it is no where close to the same quality. Great beer on tap selection but the chicken pot pie was just a step above acceptable with a thick biscuit top rather than the flaky pastry top normally used. The chicken seemed like it was cut months ago and very little vegetables. Not what I expected and apparently the same for others as it was virtually empty on a Friday evening. Wings special appetizer wasn't bad, but the Bleu Cheese dressing was only OK. Go to Olives if you need an English fix!
5	Todd English is a diamond in the rough!  I was traveling solo and staying at the Aria.  I was pleasantly surprised to find a place with a bar that I could pull up and take a seat.  Excellent wings, salad, and beer choices.The staff is also a highlight of this place.  I look forward to going back next time I'm in town.
5	The junk fries and the lobster salad were to die for. Been there twice this trip and they are fantastic! The bad: draft beer is $10 each.
5	4.5 stars, but rounding up because Todd English is a welcome change of pace from the rest of the restaurants and nonsense around the strip. Had a great time there, superb beer menu unlike many slightly more snobby pubs on the Strip. Beers from around the world and a healthy variety of small craft brews. I had a couple different ones while I was there and will definitely try more when I go backHad the duck buns for my appetizer and they were delicious. I realize this kinda contradicts the overall tone of this review that it was nice to have some pub food as duck buns aren't really what you'd expect from a pub, but somehow they fit well. The meat was delicious, well cooked and the buns were great as well. Had the tacos for my entree and they were superb. Just delicious, nothing like some tacos and beer for a dinner. The tacos had this tasty and creamy but not overly heavy sauce on them which was maybe the best part. All too many places also overload with cabbage and such but that wasn't the case at all at Todd English. Again, I think the thing I like most about Todd English is that it was almost like an escape from the Strip, just the overall atmosphere was a pleasant departure. And the food and beer were great. Would definitely go back!
5	Food: excellentService: excellentLocation: Can't be beatOur server was awesome, the food was great.  The junk chips(huge portion- a 10!), lobster rolls, and brisket plate were all very tasty.  Near the entrance of Aria leading to great people watching.  Pass on the wings... Not that great and definitely not crispy as advertised.  The second day we showed up at 3pm it was happy hour- 1/2 price drafts and $1 wings and $2 sliders.  We ate it up.  At the end of our visit, the sever gave us each a small cup of his favorite brew.  Busboy was off the chain good prompting us to tip him as well.  You can smell the great management in this place.  All in all, it's rather spendy but commensurate with the area.  Still a great restaurant with fantastic service.
3	This place has a fun atmosphere and decent happy hour prices. The food isn't a steal but the servers are friendly and clearly enjoy working there. The have a couple fun things that I have not seen at a restaurant before. You can sit at a table near the bar and have your own beer taps at the table that just keep track of how much you have had to drink. They also have some hourglass timers at the bar that if you can finish a beer in less than 7 seconds its free (up to two beers). If you are chosing between slightly overpriced and generic spots to grab a drink this one tops the rest!
2	Only scoring a two star because the food was edible and the vibe of the place was very cool. After spending a lot of dough on an amazing meal at STK the night before we decided on a more casual less expensive (or so we thought!) one. Todd English has gotten a lot of buzz on Top Chef so why not? Well this is why not: the food was ridiculously overpriced, carelessly made and couldn't hold a candle to any nickel and dime pub in Great Britain for a tenth of the cost. My $20 plate of corned beef was so cold I had to send it back, when it came back the flavor wasn't even up to Costco's high standard and the cioppino tasted like a pile of boiled seafood doused with a canned spaghetti sauce. I nearly spit up a gold tooth when I saw the bill was $87 before the tip!! $20 for one beer flight of four tiny tastes? Really? The only thing I enjoyed about my meal was the French onion soup but beware for $9 it'll be half the size of the one you are used to. This place is a miss for me. Not coming back unless Todd invites me to dine for free.
2	From a 1 being horrible and a 5 being awesome:Food - 2Service - 4Atmosphere - 2Price - 1The food here was pretty bad and paying 3x what it was worth made it taste a lot worse.
4	Come for the great draft beer selection and the tuna burger. Make sure you ask for Chris as your server, he was awesome!
4	OK I know Vegas has a lot of great places to eat. Here is another one. The bartender and the food couldnt ask for better services and food. Tuna tarta great start. Anything on the menu is great. My GF ate there all week.
4	I actually had my wedding dinner here after our ceremony. It was an unusual choice but i wanted something casual and near our hotel. This seems liked the place. They had a catering menu we ordered off, it wasn't cheap, but they provided enough food for everyone and everything for the most part was decent. I would say it was a couple steps up from bar food. The best thing was they made our wedding cake, which was $75, cute, feed all 20 of us and was delicious!!!! (red velvet with cream cheese frosting)I probably wouldnt come here again next time were in Vegas just due to all the different places to try, but if you want an upscale bar with food, you should check them out.
3	Good bar food.  The beer flights were somewhat interesting and overpriced.  I'd prefer if I could choose the flights rather than having a Pabst blue ribbon.  The pastrami sandwich came unassembled: pastrami, bread, mustard, and pickles on separate plates.  very tasty!Not all the seats have good views, I was stuck behind a big pillar.  Luckily the waitress was friendly enough to switch the only tv I could see over to a NBA game.  good food, good beer, good service, and good entertainment is the meaning of life.  there was a lady in the washroom who provided nothing but annoyance.  I dislike the concept of bathroom attendants with a passion.  not once has an attendant provided any service I couldn't get without them.
4	Yes. This is a great place for slightly higher quality bar food.  The portions are large and the service is great.This was a pre-concert spot to satisfy hunger and booze needs and it did the job.  A great spot for large groups, I believe happy hour specials as well.Lobster Roll for the win! I highly recommend checking out this spot, you will be happy.
3	Located behind the front desk at the Aria Resort & Casino, The Pub is Todd English's take in the gastropub, which seems to be the hot thing in Vegas at the moment, if not the whole country. The establishment is well set up with ample seating inside and outside, with the latter being next to the flower bed and rock sculpture. Inside, there is an enormous bar surrounding a huge wall of alcohol, with drinks, food and other specials listed on blackboards. They also have an hour glass rotator spaced evenly throughout the bar seating, but more on that later. The place has 70 different types of beer on hand from various regions, including Belgium and the United States, along with Trappist beer made by monks. While there are other locations in Vegas that offer 100, any beer aficionado will find something they like. However, the star of the show in my opinion is the TE Bloody Mary. It's probably the best BM I've had in a long time, with a generous amount of spice and kick to really get the senses going. It comes with a variety of accouterments, including pickled carrots, green beans, olives and cheddar cheese. This drink is a nice beverage and meal rolled into one. I would recommend this to anyone stopping by here, it's that good!The food on the other hand is hit or miss. While they claim to have a raw bar, I felt it really missed the mark, with the oysters improperly shucked and not very fresh. It was the biggest disappointment as I am a huge fan and was hoping to have something close to satisfy that craving. I also ordered their hot dog, which was okay. Look wise, it's a beast, at a whopping  foot long (possibly bigger) and more than enough for two people. The dog was split a third of the way down to fill it with cheddar cheese which was a nice touch. The brioche bun also took this American staple to a higher level but that's where it really ends. While the bun was nice and soft, the meat to bread ratio was grossly off, opting for big and large presentations over taste. The sausage also didn't have the kind of snap I was looking for. It may have been different with the chili and onion option but I don't think another $5 addition to an already expensive meal ($20) was worth it. Not bad by any means but definitely not great. The hour glass at the bar however, is super interesting, especially if you are coming with friends. The 7 second hour glass challenge allows daredevils to down a beer before the sand runs out. Those that are successful get their beer for free and you can do this twice a day. Pretty sweet for those looking for a raucous good time. Overall, an okay spot but nothing I haven't seen or experienced elsewhere.
2	Just stopped in for a pint. The bartender was friendly while giving me tastes, but the beer was wildly overpriced & the atmosphere was eclectic almost to the degree of headache inducing. Not a bar for beer lovers.
4	The Vibe: A pub and restaurant so you get the benefit of both!!  It's crazy on the weekends since they offer this "drink a pint in 7 seconds and it's free" deal.  It's a trendy pub, not traditional and not divey.The Attire: It's at Crystals Shopping complext, which means $$$$.  So you could dress low key, but may feel a tad out of place.  More like Business casual.  But woman will need to dress "sexy casual" to feel they fit in.Consider: They offer loads of European craft beer, so that's a plus, but don't expect anything offered by local breweries.  Also, the location makes this place an expensive option.  It's a beautiful pub, and on low key times like late weeknights, it's easy to get a seat and have some great convo with the bartenders!
5	Has officially become our first or second stop when in town--2013 has seen me visit Vegas 8 different times, so this place definitely receives my loyalty!This place is a trendy version of an English pub so you have your traditional pub fare with a luxurious twist. They also have a good selection of craft beer from all around the world, and a "7 second challenge"--finish a pint in 7 seconds or less and it's on the house. I've tried it twice with a 50% success rate (pro tip, try one of the cream ales such as boddington's, belhaven, or guinness)Will continue coming here unless this place takes a nosedive--something tells me that won't be the case.Cheers!
2	The food was okay at best-had a 4 shrimp cocktail appetizer and fish and chips. My bill was over $50 -has to be the most overpriced place that I've eaten in Vegas for the quality which was fair at best I would avoid this place other than for a beer.
2	Bad food and expensive beer. The fries were way too salty and pretzels were super greasy. Won't come back.
1	Rating is based on service though food was bland. Restaurant was not busy yet we had to ask the busboy who our waiter was. I couldn't tell you one thing about this establishment. Waitress was disinterested and unfriendly. We let the manager know about the service and he offered us a house meal on our next visit. However, we declined. I would not eat at this restaurant again. I had the fish and chips which was bland. Girlfriend had the chicken pot pie which was decent. Would not recommend.
4	Definitely a fun place when you're hungover and need a place to get you ready for round 3 or 4.. They have a bloody mary that is served with a mini slider... super delicious.  The slider is perfect. They also have a tasty mini pastrami which is equally great. The fires are right on. Its fun. Its easy. Its tasty.
5	Loved the food!  Started with the Belgian beer flight.  All the beers were delicious.  Try the Moscow Mules, they were also delicious.  The lobster rolls, crab cakes, brisket on fried potato cakes and Asian duck on buns were phenomenal.  Carved turkey, lamb, roast beef and corn beef were served with an assortment of toasted breads and sauces.  Everything was wonderful but I enjoyed the corn beef and turkey the best.  Onto dessert.  We had sticky toffee pudding which was great.  However the bread pudding was the best i have ever had.  Great service and great food.  Pricey? Yes, but that's Vegas.  That's the way it is.
3	We were brought here before a big night out, so we knew it was time to fuel up. We had a group of 5 and were seated promptly. The place was busy, so there was a few hiccups in getting our waiters attention, but it was nothing major. I ordered the fish and chips. It was good, but the fish wasn't as crispy as I would've expected it to be. Everyone eyed my one friend jealously, she ordered the lobster roll and raved about it. If I ever have the chance to go back, I would definitely opt for that. As far as prices go, I felt it pretty well priced for what you got. Over all good experience.
5	Stopped in here for lunch. Obviously a really great location if you're staying in the area of Aria. It's a good option for something a little more casual, as a lot of the other options in and directly around the casino are more upscale.With it being right on the walkway from Aria towards the mall and Cosmo beyond, it's a solid place to watch the crowd go by, which in Vegas, can always be entertaining. The P.U.B. (Public Urban Bar) has, as one would expect and hope, a pretty outstanding selection of beers, both on tap and in bottle. We were served by the barkeep very promptly, and as we were fairly starving after a long flight, it fortunately did not take long to get our food.I tried the Buffalo Style Burger which was served with blue cheese, hot sauce and slaw. Really outstanding. Their fries were great too. At $18 for a burger, it's definitely on the pricier side, but what else would you expect right outside the casino door? If I get the opportunity, I'll head back here for some more brews and snacks, though I'd probably try to hit up the happy hour to keep the cost contained.
3	I came to Todd English PUB after a lunch at Smith and Wollensky. So I wouldn't normally be down in this area. I felt the place overall was overpriced. I like the decor and the menu was plentiful but overpriced non the less. I came for happy hour which gave some relief on the drink prices but a side of fries was $9. I had their sangria which is basically wine with a little bit of peach at the bottom. I wouldn't go out of my way to venture here again.
5	My review is for brunch though after my amazing meal, i can only imagine how good the rest of the menu is.The service was attentive.  The waitress gave us each a Make-Your-Own Bloody Mary sheet and explained it.  I ordered one with bacon and Old Bay and it was freaking amazing.  A friend ordered a totally different one and it was equally amazing yet totally different.  If you love bloody marys, this is the place!I ordered the Chilaquiles and my boyfriend had the biscuits and gravy (which comes with a frosty pint of PBR).  Both dishes were awesome and the portions are huge.  Our friends ordered the quiche and the french toast... both also awesome.  The best was the "side" of bacon that was ordered.  It was more like an entire PACK of bacon.  There had to have been at least 15 strips on the plate... which if you love bacon, is defintiely not an issue. The prices are on par for Vegas and for a higher end brunch.  The outside seating right outside of Aria is nice.  SInce it is recessed from the sidewalk on the strip, it's quieter than sitting, say at Diablo's or on the patio of Mon Ami Gabi.I cannot wait to visit again and try the happy hour and lunch/dinner menu.  We still cannot stop talking about this brunch!
4	Fun and cool pub right inside the Aria!The Pub burger and lobster sandwich was great.Beer selection is strong, although I expected a bit more.  Overall, fun place to eat at and enjoy a cold beer!
4	Food was really good. Tuna burger was to die for! Lobster roll and oysters! Was really good  i would recommend this place the only thing why i didn't like about this restaurant was the servers were not good at all. After i told our server my order and i actually wasn't done with the menu she saw that i was still reading it and she grabbed it from me. I told her i wasn't done with the menu! That just didn't make me wanna visit the place again.
4	Great experience! Drinks are delicious but a bit pricy at $14-16 per cocktail but it is Vegas...the Lobster rolls were loaded with lobster great dish! The roasted chicken pot pie was not your traditional pie the filling was too cheesy for my taste and the biscuit topping was dense and lacking that flakey texture you expect. Perfect place for large groups. Oysters are fresh and the house made horseradish sets em off! $2 eachHostess seemed highly stressed was very short with us. Our waitress however was very friendly and attentive.
3	Checked out this place on a recommendation from a family member who eats at this place whenever they come to Las Vegas. The food wasn't bad, but definitely was over priced. The staff is pretty friendly, and the environment wasn't too shabby either. Unless you feel like spending $15-$20 for appetizers, I would pass...
4	If you're looking for a casual but still delicious place to eat before a night out (or a night in, but since we're talking about Vegas a night in just doesn't make sense), then TE PUB is the place! Went here with some co-workers and we sat at the bar. The bartenders were friendly and helpful with the menu since we were from out of town. She suggested Lobster Rolls so we went with Lobster Rolls. She hit the nail on the head. Lobster Rolls were freaking fantastic. So incredibly good and a good deal for the price tag too. As far as beer goes - they have everything. I had a free beer from checking in on Yelp which the bartender seemed a little peeved about (psh! is all I have to say), but the experience was still worth going back for. Again...get the Lobster Rolls. You won't regret it.
5	Amazing beer selection. Nicest bar we found the whole time I was in Vegas. Also if you can drink a beer in less than 7 seconds it's free. Great American food and excellent staff! If I ever go to Vegas again, I will definitely come back.
5	This is my go to spot every time me and my friends go to Vegas. The atmosphere is great and the food is delicious! Even though the majority of us get the same thing every time we come, which is the LOBSTER ROLLS! Best lobster roll I've ever had, they aren't stingy with the amount of lobster and the rolls they use are to die for. Warm buttery goodness. I would definitely recommend people to come here and be the judge for themselves and I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
5	I came here the weekend of my 21st birthday and I honestly don't think I've ever encountered better service. Our server was sweet and her recommendations on what to order were delicious! We ended up getting the mac and cheese and mini corn dogs for appetizers. The mac and cheese is phenomenal! I split a lobster roll with my friends which was bomb as well. The bartender overheard that it was my birthday and he treated us to a round of shots.  And I guess you get a free ice cream sandwich when it's your birthday, yum! Overall it was a great experience and I'm definitely coming back to try their happy hour menu and drinks. Couldn't really manage the first time because we were too hungover.
4	Came with friends on St. Patrick's Day to enjoy some craft beers.  If you check in with Yelp you get a free Bud Light.  You can also get up to 2 free beers ($10 or less) if you are brave enough to chug them in under the time allowed by the bar top hourglass (7ish seconds).  Happy hour includes half priced pints which run around $5-$8.  You can also get $1 wings and deals on sliders/oysters.  Our female bartender was very friendly and made sure we were having a good time!
3	Highs: quality food, good service, some decent happy hour prices Lows: tiny portions at high prices
3	Well the wife and I have been to Todd English Pub on about 5 or 6 occasions. Overall, the pros are their happy hours, when draft beer and wines by the glass are half price. They also have some food specials during happy hour. It's also a pretty happening place, because people from everywhere flock to get cheap craft beer on the Strip.The decor is nice and sitting at the bar is my preferred choice if it's available. As a whole, I have never been excited about the food here. The service is great, but other than the raw oysters and the fries, nothing really stands out as far as food. My other pet peeve is that they don't really replace their beers when they kick, unless they have another keg of the same beer. Invariably, I wind up ordering a few beers only to find out that they are out of it. Oh well, cheap beer on the Strip is still cool, but I will likely eat elsewhere.
1	Ate here with my family. We did not like the food but,  we were at least charged a lot for it. Thanks.
3	I've been here a few  times while attending events for work and staying at the Aria next door. I like the beer selection and the bartenders are good. Beer prices are crazy though! Come on, $12 for a Palm? I do realize this is tourist country but so is where I live in Orlando and a Palm here is in the $5-6 range. Best time to go is during their happy hours when things are priced at "normal" levels (1/2 off). Food was consistently good but also overpriced. Almost $20 for their PUB Burger.  I will say I had my best beer ever here (The Abyss) when I went last year on a recommendation from the staff. Would be a solid 4 stars if not for the prices.
1	I am so disappointed with my recent lunch experience here. After passing by it on several trips to Vegas, I was dying to give this place a try, but I never seemed to have enough time to fit in in to my stay. This past weekend, however, I made it a point to finally try it out and I was so extremely disappointed. I wanted to love it, I thought I was going to love it, but it was actually one of the worst dining experiences I've had in an incredibly long time.We were seated right away at an outside table, which was nice. Our waiter immediately came over to take our drink order, which was also great, except we weren't ready to order. They have a pretty good beer selection so we needed another minute to think it over. That's when it all went down hill. Although he had seemed eager to get our order in when we first sat down, he then seemed to forget about us completely. We had long waits between waiter sightings, and often had to ask other waiters to find ours. He would halfheartedly apologize for a wait, but then disappear all over again, not to be seen until we found someone to track him down. It was crazy! There was a party of 6 sitting across from us, then a party of 4, then another party of 4... so 3 larger parties all came, ate, and left by the time we had gotten our food! We were just a party of 2...The food was on the pricier side for what it was, so I was expecting high quality. I ordered the sliders, and was disappointed when I tried them. They weren't bad, they just weren't good. They weren't juicy or flavorful as I had been expecting. I had just recently had some amazing beef sliders in AZ (for half the price) and these didn't even come close. I would say the food was average, and not worth the price tag. The service was beyond terrible. We did more work than our waiter did, having to flag people down and ask them to find him repeatedly. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience and I won't be going back.
3	A large group of us went for reverse happy hour. Most of us were pretty happy with our drinks and meals. I, however, being the only one that ordered oysters on the half shell was not. I had a dozen oysters and 8/12 had major shell/sand issues inside. I was so disappointed. Luckily I had split an order of sliders with a friend and was able to eat those instead.
4	This place was amazing. Would have been 5 stars, but their drinks were over-priced. I guess they feel they have a captive audience, but there are other pubs in Vegas. Service was excellent - both attentive and friendly. Servings were generous, especially on the apps there was enough for a group to share. Had the fried pickles and lobster roll - Delicious! I will definitely come back when next in Vegas.
3	The server was okay. My brother'a burger was over cooked. The fish in the fish & chips was good. Over priced for quality.
2	Loved the beer selection at TODD ENGLISH PUB. They have maybe 50 craft and rare imports on tap. But holy crap, way too Vegas expensive!!Green Flash Palate Wrecker, for example, was $14 for a tulip... Call me cheap, but that was too much. Even for Vegas.2.5 stars
4	I only had the Happy Hour here, but it was great. Not actually great, but better than most of what you'll find in this over-priced town.Beers at half-price were about where they should have been, and the selection of craft brews was good and fresh. The chicken wings were $1 each and very meaty with a nice hot sauce. The dipping sauce and veggies were lacking, but the wings were good. The oysters were $2 each, which seems to be regular price, so no great deal. The shells broke off into the oysters a fair bit and the sauce was lacking flavour, but the oysters themselves were decent. If the food was supposed to be crafted by some celebrity chef, there was no mark of it. This was very typical pub food with no frills.Our server was very slow and seemed to approach each table with an apology for something or other. It was a nice day and we were seated on the patio, so I didn't mind waiting too much. Fortunately I knew what I wanted to drink since the server didn't seem to know much about the beer or wine.
4	Came in for happy hour (3p-6p). They have quite the extensive beer selection but we were feeling some sangria. Having eaten a huge lunch, I didn't even have food. However, they do have bar snack. I LOVE BAR SNACK. I know, it's silly, I enjoy the simple things. Just a little bit of seasoned popcorn wins me over. Being a local, this is not really an ideal location since its touristy and overpriced. The service was good, the sangria was tasty and hey... your check in gives you a free bud light. I may come back in to try the food.
2	Hmmm, where do I start? Food: expensive for what it is. We had the tuna burger, which was good, but not $24 good. We also had the lobster roll, low quality lobster drenched in creamy sauce, you can barely taste the lobster and the bread was dripping with grease. We also has the French toast which was made from the same bread as the lobster roll and was drenched in syrup. Beers/drinks: good selection of beers. I had the Belgium suggested with the lobster roll, it was good. Expensive, but can't complain here. Cocktails: we only tried one, the strawberry mojito, basically sugar water with pieces of strawberries, you can't taste the mint or fruit or most importantly any hint of alcohol. FAIL!Conclusion: come here for decent beers and a cool bar, for food and cocktails, go elsewhere.
5	We came here to grab a quick-ish dinner before heading out to a show.  Being a PUB type restaurant, even if it's in the Crystals, I thought it'd be just average all around, but was pleasantly surprised.When we arrived the hostess was apologetic and let us know that it might be a 5 minute wait for a sit down table, but it was nice she offered us a high table if we were in a hurry to get seated.  A couple minutes wait was all it took and we were seated.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive throughout our meal as were all the other who helped bring out our food.The food itself was pretty good.  Nothing to knock my socks off, but it was all well prepared and tasty.  The steak frites I got were both plentiful and delicious.If we're back in City Center I'd definitely stop back in to P.U.B for dinner or drinks.
4	I don't know why I like this place, because the service is rough and the prices are way too high on everything. But there is something to be said for a $9 draft beer. At least it tastes goodWhile never being impressed, I still go back, so there must be something..
1	Decided to try this place after reading reviews. The service was horrible. Took forever to order food and they didn't even care to bring us utensils or plates. We ordered the crab cake sliders and the lobster rolls. The food wasn't good at all. The crab cake sliders tasted horrible and the lobster was too chewy. Avoid this place if you are looking for good food. The food is totally not worth the money.
5	Great food coupled with great draft beer -- can you ask for more?  St. B's 12 on tap -- are you kidding me?!  Wonderful service and great atmosphere.
4	Great pub. Right next to Aria so if you're staying there this place is ideal for a few pre-game pints. Lots of TVs. Huge crowd. Very lively place. Happy hour from 3-6 with half price pints (at least it is now on a Friday). I have heard comments about bad service but the folks helping us at the bar have been fantastic. Courtney is amazing. Short staffed and she's still covering the whole bar. Second time I've been here and both times this place didn't disappoint.
5	Excellent Brown Butter Lobster Rolls and Fish/Chips. Prompt service and wonderful food.
3	Wonderful service.  Hard to find in the mall.  The craft beer selection is excellent, but a bit more than market value.   The food ( sliders , Shepherds Pie and  potato chips ) were, well just pub food.  Pretty much on a par with most decent bars or so-called gastro pubs.   I thought a designer chef would be better.
1	My fiance and I decided to stop at this restaurant for a quick bite for dinner. After seeing the menu on the outside of the door, we were anxious to see if the food was as good as it sounded. On first approach, the hostess was extremely pleasant and very kind. She sat us immediately at a booth along the wall. Our waitress, I think her name was Hayleigh, came to our table to take our drink order and my fiance and I both ordered drinks from the bar. I ordered the white sangria and he ordered a Manhattan. Our drinks took approximately 20 minutes to come to the table and when the server brought them out to the table, she made an excuse about the bartender being new and walked away. This did not bother us much except for the fact that we probably would have ordered 2nd drinks if they had not taken so long! Before she brought the drinks, the server asked if we were ready to order and seemed inconvenienced when I mentioned that we would like to order an appetizer. However, we ordered the mussels and they were really delicious. Our food came out before we were finished with the appetizer. I ordered the Lobster Rolls and my fiance ordered the RIbeye. My Lobster Rolls were delicious. i cannot express how much I loved them. Definitely a must try if you happen to want to try this place out. My fiance's ribeye was cooked well, however the potato wedges that came with it were cold and soggy. By this time, both of our waters have been empty for a good 15 minutes. Once we finally got our servers attention, she was annoyed when we explained to here that the wedges were cold.During this time, the table in front of us was complaining to the manager about their food taking a long time, and the manager was a complete jerk about it to them. Both my fiance and I are servers and we have never witnessed worse customer service. The manager was rude and condescending and told the table that they were lying about their food taking a long time, and said "What do you want me to do about it?" For this reason, we chose not to speak with the manager because of how rude we saw him being. We then asked our server, who we have seen only 3 times all night to box up our food, because we just wanted to leave. Worst service I have ever experienced. I will never go back. I cannot believe a place with this reputation allows their management to treat customers so badly. My fiance and I have friends who live in Las Vegas and we travel here at least once a year. With food that is this good, it is a shame to ruin it with such rude and negligent customer service.
5	The Lobster Rolls are the best we have ever had! Lots of chunks of juicy lobster stuffed inside this crispy buttery bread! Waffles fries were amazing as well as the cole slaw! And also the bloody mary was completely flavorful and perfectly spicy!
4	One of my most favorite places to come in Vegas it's part of the "Aria City center"  Always packed,  always loud  and always plenty of beer to choose from.  I almost always order the prime beef with blue cheese fondue but in a place like this you can't go wrong.
2	This place was my neighbor when i lived at Veer Towers. I really tried to like this place but after 4 or 5 visits i did not once leave there impressed. It is just another overpriced vegas strip restaurant lacking in impressive food. The wait staff is severely lacking in attentiveness, the food is not bad but i was expecting much better for a high dollar restaurant. It is a nice location and they keep the place very clean which is important to me but i would much rather spend my money somewhere else.
2	A good place ruined by mediocre service.Food - goodLobster roll was very tasty.  Came here with my wife and two friends and all four of us liked what we orderedPrice - goodA little expensive by 'normal' standards but definitely reasonable by 'Vegas strip' standardAtmosphere/decor - very goodA very good looking place, lively, cozy, with a nice outdoor area.Service -  InadequateWe went in for brunch and the inside space was half full; as most people wanted to sit outside (there was a wait for the patio) on this particular sunny day.Our waiter was lacking energy and perhaps lacking proper training.The food was extremely slow.  I'm not sure whether the kitchen was backed up (doubt it, as they were only half full) or whether there was a mistake.  Anyways, as 15 minutes became 25, 35, and finally 45 (I knew for sure since I checked in on social media when we were seated) the waiter never came by to explained to us what was happening.  We even had to flag him to get more water.As patience was running thin I finally confronted him about the wait.  He then said 'oh yes, your ticket is next'.  I replied 'can you bring something for us to nibble? I'm really hungry'.  He said 'well, do you want bread?'.  Yes, please, we responded.  He went back but never came back o bring back bread.  No bread, no apology.As we were walking out he called me and said the charge didn't go through.  Upon double checking my name and room number I realized at this point we were already 1 hour past my checkout time (we were there 1 hour 45 minutes).This was finally, the first time he apologized about the wait.Las Vegas strip perhaps has the highest concentration of high end restaurant West of Manhattan Island.  Get your act together, customers have plenty of options here.
5	BEST BLOODY MARY EVER!!!!!  The only reason we came here and we were not disappointed! This one was the Something About Mary. Slider, chicken wing, corn dog bite, cheese etc etc etc! So yummy
4	Good drink selection and service,  The a prime Rib Chili was good, not great.  If it were chunky style - with someway to tell he meat was actually prime rib, it would have been better.  Campbell's Chunky Steak chili is as good, if not better. Overall, a good experience.
4	After seeing pictures of the bloody mary "meal" online we made it our goal to visit this establishment.  It is difficult to find if you are coming from the strip.  We searched for 30 minutes.  For those of you looking, the restaurant is right outside Aria going into the city center.  My group was participating in an event all day which prevented us from making the trip to the PUB in the morning.  Our goal was the bloody mary and when we arrived there around 11 pm at night...extremely hungry...we were told that the bloody mary's were for brunch only.  I pleaded with them and they kindly made us a round.  They were amazing and we loved them.  The rest of the food was good, our waitress was pleasant.  The restaurant had a great atmosphere.  Here is a tip...bring a dollar to the bathroom as there is a bathroom attendant who is quick to squirt soap on your hands when you leave the water closet.  She deserves a tip just for sitting next to the bathroom at the back of the restaurant let alone giving you good smelling soap and a towel.We will most certainly return to this restaurant now that we know where it is.
4	I would go back! The food was good and we were there for happy hour so it was well priced. Also the 7 second beer challenge was fun to watch. We got fish tacos, and sliders and lots of beer!
4	We had a great time here last Thursday night.  I joked on my facebook page that this place serves "upscale" pub food, which I believe is oxymoron.  Upscale pub food.  Ha.  Anyhow, the mussels appetiser (substituted the spicy tomato sauce with the white clam sauce instead), was fantastic.  The mussels were tender yumminess.  We ordered the recommended Fish and chips and the Lobster rolls.  The fish was crispy and juicy.  The lobster rolls were quite delicious (my only beef was the the lobster was actually the claw meat rather than the tail).  Service was great.  Very friendly.  Atmosphere was fun. Oh, we also did the $2 oysters.  First we ordered 3 of each oysters from VA and Baja California.  Then we chased it with another half dozen of the oysters from VA.  Delicious.  Not bad for $2.  Our bill was over $150 tax and tip.  Not cheap; we are in Vegas after all.
5	We got to the restaurant around 9 pm on a Thursday night (5/8/14) and were seated promptly. There is apparently a different hostess for indoor seating vs outdoor seating. Note that the outdoor eating area is not gated, so every once in awhile, an obnoxious passerby will walk through the dining area.FOODHand chopped ahi tuna burger- served rare and comes with wonton chips and some kind of wasabi or dijon dip. I ordered the avocado on the side since I'm allergic. OMG. This was sooooooooo good. Although they spread the wasabi aioli on a bit unevenly and I teared up on some bites into my burger, it didn't distract me from the amazing taste and texture of this unique burger. There is a layer of black bean puree that brought everything together. The buns were lightly toasted and the arugula marinated to complement everything else.Brown butter lobster rolls - came with kettle chips and coleslaw. We split our entrees so I got a whole lobster roll to myself (it comes with three). My goodness, this was one buttery and rich lobster roll. The browned butter is such a genius idea. The lobster pieces were generous and not heavily saturated in mayo. I love how they kept the chunks of lobster big instead of dicing them smaller to make a filler out of mayo. It really kept things fresh and gave me nice chewing action. I tasted the coleslaw and it was pretty good. My mom is not fond of coleslaw, but she polished it off. The chips were just kettle chips, nice crunch, not overly salted.SERVICEService was okay. It's what I expected for a bar/pub type restaurant. Nothing great, nothing bad. I don't like servers to check up on us too often; I don't think she checked up on us at all which can be an issue if I needed something, but didn't.  Definitely try out their tuna burger since this type of burger is rarely on the menu at other restaurants.  It's hard to choose between the two entrees we ordered though, so either order both for yourself and take half home or bring someone to share with.  Although there are a lot of homeless people there, so you can always order both for yourself and give the remainder to someone who needs it.
4	Dear Todd English,Your son is gorgeous. You make beautiful babies. He was even more delicious than your delicious French Fries. And they were delicious! However, your sliders are dry as hell . Good wings, good french fries, great service (funny short haired girl was our waitress- you got my back, girl!) Dry ass sliders. But I forgive you. Your son made up for the lack of moisture in my sliders.Oliver English, you are one tall drink of water. Sincerely,Silly school girl :)Me likey. Buh bye.
5	Great beer & great service! Anthony was by far the best bartender we saw in all of our trip to Vegas. He was attentive, extremely knowledgeable of the beer offerings, & even let us sample some before deciding on our orders. We came back twice more for drinks here due to such great service. Also, the 7 second beer challenge adds to a really fun environment & experience.
4	Just like any pub, it's loud, the best food is fried, and the alcohol is plentiful. We visited this pub twice on our visit. The fish n' chips was very tasty! Everything we ordered was pretty good. It's worth a visit if you are looking for pub food in a pub atmosphere.
5	My favorite place to visit for a pint and appetizers while in Vegas!
4	Great service. Perfect menu for a pub. Really good beer selection.  Fish and chips; okay but fish was a bit soft to start and complete mush before I was finished. Mushy peas on the other hand were perfect all the way. Others had the burger and wings and both were on the mark.
5	One Word - Amazing....We came here for lunch to start the day off. First thing is that they have an outside seating area which is great for getting some air and catching a few potential rays without being overbearing. Also there is a lot of people traffic which is good for those wanting a more exciting spot to eat. Now for the food - I had the fruit waffles and they were outstanding. Absolutely done to perfection, very fresh fruit. The gents I was with had a mix of food and all of them raved about their dishes. Now is this the best place in Vegas to eat? No... but it sure is a great place to have a nice Brunch in Las Vegas.
4	This is a great spot for happy hour. They have great beer specials and an extensive beer menu that will make any beer lover smile. And if you think you have what it takes to slam beer like a pro you can take the challenge at the bar race and against the mini hour glass to win a free pint! I have actually witnessed a girl who won three in a row!
2	Mediocre food and service. I probably would have given three or four stars, but the coed restroom (complete with pushy attendant) kills the experience for me.
5	Went here today for the first time and ordered the Bloody Mary + the wilted spinach salad with salmon. The Bloody Mary was pretty exciting with pickled green beans, salami, lime and stuffed olives (these were my selections there are many more options). The salmon was prepared medium well which was perfectly executed. Great place with good service!
5	The. Oysters.  Still dreaming of the oysters!!  Briny, still in their juices, not too big, not too small, not fishy at all.  Came for happy hour and tried these little beauties.  Some of the best, if not best, I've ever had.  You think it wouldn't be hard to get oysters right, but it is.  1/2 off wine and beer for happy hour - and they have a good selection of both.
2	I'm not sure how you can call your place an English pub when you don't serve English beers. Bud light isn't an English beer. On top of it all the food was just ok. My advice pick another place to eat.
5	There's a lot of great food in Las Vegas, but somehow we keep coming back to this place.  It's real dependable.  The food tastes good.  Really good.  You can't go away hungry.  The outdoor seating is a real plus.  When you are more-or-less on the Strip, it's hard to dine outside in a sane but interesting place.  Watching the traffic between Aria and Crystals is far superior than sitting (or trying to sit) on the Strip itself.  Finally, although nothing is cheap eating-wise in Las Vegas, if you don't over-order here (hard not to do sometimes, because there is a good, interesting menu), it's actually perfectly affordable.
2	Sorry but the two stars is for the duck buns. A friend of mine recommended this place and I was really hoping I'd be bringing the rating UP, rather than down. Very disappointed. These duck buns have way too much hoisin sauce and are too salty with barely any duck for $17. The Belgian ale they recommend with it is a plus though. Dark and sweet. If you're coming here, the better bet might be the sliders. After all, it is a bar. One plus: their patio is pretty nice if you're looking for a calmer atmosphere. Great for people watching.
3	Good traditional atmosphere and great servers.  Great beer selection.  Food was okay and over priced.
1	Terrible. Hubby6 and I ordered Bloody Marys. We didn't realize they were $16 a piece! They were okay but not $16 good. We ordered pickles which were nothing more than Clausen jarred pickles and some Ralphs gerkins for $8. Bar stools were dirty. We wanted to like this place, but way too expensive for the quality. Nothing special. The only plus was free peanuts at the bar.  Wait staff were nice but not up to Vegas standatds. Save your money and go somewhere else.
5	We just love this place.  We first found the PUB two years ago and really enjoyed the food, the people, the atmosphere, etc...    we were last in Vegas this past January and stopped in with a group of 6 of us.  Everyone really enjoyed it as usual.  So when we returned on June 14 -17 we knew we had to plan on which day we would return.  So we decided Sunday so we could enjoy the bloody Mary bar.  My husband went for the ultimate and I just selected my own toppings from the menu.  We might downsize our Bloody Mary toppings next time so we can enjoy more food from the actual menu!!My husband had the Cioppino, which he as been craving since he last had it in January.   It was everything he remembered.  I had the lobster Cobb salad.  It had a lot of lobster.  I really liked it.   So for our last day we were trying to decide what to do for lunch.  Should we try Bobby Flay's burger palace? ?    Nahhh, we can get burgers at home.  We came back to the P.U.B.   They didn't have Miller Lite which I normally drink so I saw a cider ale on the menu.  I asked about that and then the server recommended a Pineapple Cider ale.  It was soooo good.  now I'll have to see if I can find it anywhere.  We split 3 appetizers for our lunch.   The shrimp cocktail whichh as a nice cocktail sauce, The crispy pickles with 3 dipping sauces and the Mussels.    All three were very good and plenty for us to share as a lunch.   My husband wasn't sure about the mussels.  He's been converted.  He loved them.We love the P.U.B. and will look forward to return on our next trip to Vegas!!
5	Great place with a large craft beer selection and very good food. Really good place to watch the games and have fun with your opponents - great atmosphere.
3	1. Overpriced food. 2. Not so friendly staff , called in and reserved a table, came in and they said they don't reserve tables. My friend who called in said the person on the phone had a strong accent and it was easy to tell who it was so she complained. So they  had to give us a table anyways. then the waitress told me I had to down the rest of my Fat Tuesday before I was allowed to sit down. Rude.3. Tables in the back are super close together, have to squeeze between chairs to get in and out.4. Beware that it is a PUB meaning it will get LOUD. Everyone freely yells and screams as they're watching the games on the TV.But i do have to admit that some of the menu items was delicious and some were ok. I would recommend the rotisserie steak sandwich. It was cooked perfectly and they gave a large amount of fries with it. I don't think it was worth $20 though.
5	We have passed by this place multiple times on our trips to Vegas and stopped by on a whim for happy hour.  Glad we did!  1/2 price wines and pints, $2 oysters and $3 sliders.  LOVE the pretzel appetizer - great portion and favor for $8.  Can't wait to regain appetite for dinner!  Courtney is an amazing bartender - REALLY appreciated her recommendations and awesome, attentive service!!!!1/10/15 We had the best waiter, Steve.  He kept us happy during the entire Seahawks game and had a great sense of humor.  Would definitely request him to take care of us again!
4	Great gastropub ambiance! Came in for the Happy Hour- 50% off beer and snacks! So this of course peaked our interest.... definitely a great choice! Really enjoyed the atmosphere, beer, and snacks!
4	Ordered the lobster roll from here. It was served on a buttery roll. Order came with 3 small sliders, chips, and coleslaw. The lobster was succulent and flavorful. The coleslaw wasn't as good. Will definitely be coming back for this popular menu item.
4	We came here for drinks and appetizers.  We chose the oysters because our waitress suggested them.  I loved the vibe in this place.  It was fun without being serious or thinking too much of itself since it was on the strip.The food, the service and the ambiance was great.  i would definitely come back here when i'm in vegas.
5	My wife and I recently enjoyed a wonderful dinner with great beer choices and superb service. The moment we walked in everyone was attentive and friendly. Our server, David was personable and knowledgeable . We ordered a couple beers and a lobster cocktail and ahi tartare. They were delicious. Our entrees, cioppino and a rib eye were equally delicious and right on time. The cioppino was the best item of the meal. For desert we split the bread pudding that was to-die-for good. We go out often to different establishments throughout the valley and this one we'll be back to for sure. 5 stars!
4	While staying at Aria we've come to Todd English twice-once for dinner and once for brunch. Service was great both times and the drink selection was huge. The food, however, is so rich, your arteries gotta be vegas millionaires to afford it. My friends all got sandwiches that came with large buckets of fries which were amazing and probably the best part of all the meals. For brunch I got the lobster eggs benny, which was a huge, super sloppy, bowl, loaded with an overwhelming amount of beef (why?) and a good amount of lobster. I ate all the lobster, which was delicious, and called it quits. The build-your-own bloody mary selection was great and essentially can be meals in themselves. Over all worth a try, maybe get a salad if you're not into channeling your inner Guy Fieri that day.
5	Yumsville!!!! This place is perfect. Great menu, friendly staff, & awesome decor/atmosphere. We ordered lobster roll (omg) I mean great taste & big portion & then we had the house made foot long hot dog w/chill & onions. Best dog I've eaten. Their house bread is perfect. There is something on the menu for everyone. Great beer selection. We happened to be there when Netherland & Argentena started the semi final soccer game. We got a perfect table facing the screenIt's huge must if your eating in. Vegas.
5	Excellent happy hour and unique menu that is full of surprises. Great appetizers, beer and atmosphere.Chad C. was our professional server, he was extremely helpful with regards to their happy hour options.  Chad is an asset to the staff and should be commended for his excellent service.
4	Time to update! Keeping this at a solid 4-stars... the Happy Hour specials (3p-6p & 10p-12a) are excellent. Half price beers (great beer list!) and $2 oysters? Sign this girl up. We tried to go here at 11pm one night, but they told us the kitchen was closed, so just note that the 12am end on the happy hour may not be 100% accurate.I had the lobster tacos & some oysters during this visit. The tacos were OK, next time I'd get something different, but the oysters were fresh & were really great. Our server was super nice & we had a great time for our "last supper" in Vegas.
5	Delicious food. Service was a little slow. I got the lobster rolls which were not stingy on the lobster. The fries are amazing.
5	We struck gold again at Todd English! Sat at the bar, were greeted by Ryan the bartender!!! However, Eleanor and Garrett were very accommodating and very very nice!  We had oysters on the half shell, shrimp and drinks...amazing!! The service was out of this world, and so friendly. The food was amazing but the company with all of the bar staff made it incredible.  Definitely will be coming back when I'm in Vegas!
5	Peel and Eat Shrimp and their Oysters are AMAZING!!! Haven't had such great luck with service in the dining room but sat at the bar last night and had THE BEST service at the bar with Elanor and Ryan!!! I always bring people here from out of town because the food is so good (along with the seafood the Steak Frites is delicious). Will for sure be back to sit at the bar with our new friends! :)
1	My husband and I got breakfast here this morning and we were really disappointed. I would expect the egg sandwich here to be amazing but it was anything but. Cold plain bun, barely there avocado, cold scrambled eggs. The bacon was great I'll give them that. It was just blah and fell apart completely. It looks like such a great place maybe it was an off day.
5	Amazing food and atmosphere. Duck buns and poster rolls...change your life. An overwhelmingly awesome beer selection.
4	This was an excellent lunch. At our table several dishes were sampled and all with rave reviews. Great service, very good food. The pretzels were awesome--trust me. Also very positive reviews on lobster roll, bangers  and mash, and the workman's grilled cheese. Skinny fries were outstanding. Yum.
4	The bloody Mary's are amazing! Got to love being able to build your own blood Mary from scratch! Happy hour is awesome!! $1 oysters!
5	Very nice atmosphere. They are always friendly and upbeat. The free check-in beer is awesome. I would highly recommend.  My brother and I have been here several times and have been pleased each time. They also have free peanuts for everyone.
2	Disappointing experience with a large group. We brought around 60 people, had a set menu planned, and they ran out of one of the appetizers. The event manager that I worked with to plan the event was not at the restaurant for our event and she was supposed to be. The manager that was working really didn't seem to care about our group. When I emailed the event manager about the issues we had, she offered a complimentary dinner for me and a guest. Yes, that's nice, but I live in a different state and this was a group event. I was not the only one that noticed the issues. This group also doesn't visit Vegas often enough for the gesture of a "free meal for two" to matter.
5	This place is awesome, who doesn't love free beer? I accepted the challenge to drink a pint in under 7 seconds, and killed it. However, it's extremely cold... but that still didn't stop me from doing it a second time. Highly Recommend this joint!
4	Alright so classy I know, but we had the corn dog puppies and lobster roll...Both were really good. Drinks were good. Decent happy hour deals alsoThe bartenders were great. I really enjoyed the music though...I heard Korn, Alice in Chains, and Metallica while I say at the bar. There aren't many places that I've been to where I could say that. ...made me want to stay longer
3	3.5 starsThis pub is easy on the eyes, and has TWO happy hours for you to catch. (3-6p or 10p-12a) Somehow, we managed to miss both. Poop!Should you desire one of their infamous bloody marys or bubbly drinks, make sure you seek out the table at the entrance, where a gaggle of young ladies in cowgirl getups will take your order on a checklist and bring your drink(s) to your table. You'll have the option to select your liquor, add-ins, and appetizer choices. These drinks are not found on the standard menu and are not made at the bar. Displayed out in front of the outside seating area is the ultimate Bloody Mary known as All about Mary. Here's where it gets a little weird. It's like they create a pupu platter of common appetizers, and arrange them above your drink so you get a single serving and taste of each item. One chicken wing, one large cocktail shrimp, one pub slider...you get the idea. It's like lunch in a drink. A genius idea, but with so-so execution. The drink took about 10 minutes to make because the girls had to wait for each food item to arrive from the kitchen before they could go about the tricky business of arranging it in a pint glass. The bloody mary itself was a little warm, and we asked the bartender to refresh it with some extra ice. No fresh cracked pepper in it, so the hubs dressed it up with extra dashes from the pepper shaker. The chicken wing stood out, but the rest of the appetizers were not especially memorable. Waffle fries were as delicious as I expected. When we asked for mayo, our helpful bartender offered two options, standard or black truffle mayo. The latter was very tasty. It went well on the little pub slider that came with the All About Mary. Pricey but an enjoyable experience. If you appreciate clean marble countertops and alternative rock bands like Muse, this might be your kind of place. Maybe you'll witness someone try and succeed at the 7 second challenge. Cheers!
5	Tuesday Bites & Flights are amazing! GREAT beer and GREAT food selections and pairings.
3	This is a safe bet for food and drink in the Aria area. I've been here several times at different times of day and prefer their lunch the most. There are just too many places to drink and eat dinner to recommend this place after happy hour. I like the decor and the staff is pretty good-- I will say that with loads of hard surfaces (tile everywhere), it does get very loud even at only half capacity. There is also a large bell that rings frequently, so if you aren't into that, go elsewhere. Drinks are plentiful any time of day. I've only had the beer and was pleasantly surprised by the selection. Their Bloody Mary bar looks sort of overwrought, but it doesn't necessarily look bad. It might be sort of fun if you are into vegetable juice cocktails (I am not). The fish and chips are good, and traditional in style. That means you should be dousing them in malt vinegar and saving the ketchup for your fries. Please do not be the jerk I saw one time dipping his fish in ketchup and complaining that they we're not like fish sticks-- it's embarrassing. Keep in mind that portion sizes are large here, so it may be a good idea to split these or any dish with a friend. I went into my last visit here expecting to write a four star review, but have to revise it downward. Yesterday for lunch I had the the CBLT which was not spectacular. It was sort of soggy and strange, although I appreciated the heft of it. I'll return to the fish and chips next time. Also-- avoid the waffle fries. They are not good and you will only be sad if you order them. I jump at any chance to eat waffle fries but was sorely disappointed with the bland, shapeless potato chunks that were delivered.
1	We came to watch a soccer game and asked if they're going to show it and the hostess told us they will.We found out theyre not showing it after we sat on the bar and asked the bartenders if they can switch the channel after we waited for 15 minutes with nothing happening. Eventually we decided to leave.Also there was a bartender who was very rude to us while we sat there, didn't pay attention to us and waved us with a laughing smile when we left.
4	Based on some of the reviews I don't know what exactly I was expecting however I was very pleasantly surprised. Although it is a little hard to find right outside of aria and in the crystals shopping center, The restaurant itself is actually very well decorated and has a cool hip vibe.    Really extensive beer list and decent prices on pitchers.  Expect upscale pub food and really think about getting something from the Carvary.     I got the openface pastrami which was to die for pair it with the mustard trio and the curry butter and you will be very very happy.
1	My husband was so excited to try this place out.  And it was good starting out - greeted by cute, friendly hostesses, fun decor/ambience, and then the food arrives. My husband got the lobster roll - said the bread to lobster ratio was way off.  My son got the chili - I know it's on the appetizer list, but it's $10 and the portion was laughably small.  My son's 5, and he was frustrated at how little he got.  My daughter got the duck buns - I should've known better than to order duck buns at a pub, my fault.  Not good at all.  Finally, I got the mussels.  Small, sandy, and there were at least 3 that just did not taste right... so much so that I actually warned my husband that if I were to get food poisoning later that night, the mussels would be to blame.  Ugh...So when we had finally trudged through our bad food (guess the small portions weren't such a bad thing after all), and then we got a huge bill at the end that just seemed way overpriced for the quality of the food we got, it just added insult to injury.  We really regretted wasting a perfectly good meal opportunity there, and won't ever go back again.
4	Very friendly staff everyone was super nov and took are of our every need , very welcoming and made us feel good . Our server Lindsey was amazing and made sure we were well taken care of , the sliders were good , and the Bloody Mary was also good. They make their own mix only thing I didn't like was the bathroom attendant she was very nice but I always feel weird w bathroom attendants I feel I have to pay them and I didn't have cash on me.. Overall tho food experience oh and u get a free beer for checking in
3	Average Vegas food.  Not much to write about here.  They have some decent beers here, but the brunch here is quite lackluster.  They should just stick with their sandwiches, which are decent if you stick with pastrami and their roast beef.  The service here is also a bit depressed, and lacking in energy.  You can do better in Vegas.  Come here for a beer at best.
3	Average bar food done Vegas style.
5	I love this place!! Ask for Melissa. What a sweet heart!! From the bologna sandwich to the yummy brunch food. I have never had a bad meal or drink at this place.
4	What a great place for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  The beer list is extensive and amazing!  There is something on there for everyone, whether or not you are a beer lover.  The food is equally amazing- the steamed mussels are one of my favorites.  It's a fun, energetic atmosphere.  I always make sure to hit this place up whenever I am in town.
3	At first, I thought Todd's PUB was part of Aria hotel but then I later realized it's actually located inside the Crystals Mall.We were craving some good lunch pub food so why not go to a pub?! I've heard so much about the 7 second beer challenge that I was hoping on our visit to see some thirsty challengers.No challenges happened but we did order some food. Even on a lunch, the restaurant is pretty packed but we only waited a couple of minutes to get our table ready. Upon suggestion, I decided to try their lobster roll whole the bf ordered their fish and chips.When they say fish and chips, literally expect A FISH and some chips. Granted it was a huge piece of deep fries fish, but it was kinda sad to see just one fish on the plate. The fish and chips were good. But nothing too spectacular. I thoroughly enjoyed the lobster roll. I thought t was way worth getting the lobster roll than the fish and chips. You get 3 mini rolls with some cole slaw and chips. The lobster roll had some food chunks of lobster in them as well. We left full and satisfied. Will we come back again? Maybe. It's a little on the pricier side. For 2 lunch entrees and 2 drinks it came out to be about $80+ for the 2 of us. But then again, it's Vegas so what do you expect right?
3	Had a great time at TE PUB.   Yelp has this listed as 2$$ and I don't know that I agree with that.  Prices seemed a little higher to me.  I had a group of four.   I had the fish & Chips, the husband had the Chicken wings and my friends shared a fish and chips order.  We also started with the pretzels.First, the pretzels effing rocked.  SO freaking good and came with cheese sauce for dipping.   Then the fish and chips were delish.  I found it weird that the cole slaw was full of peas, but it was tasty when the peas were pushed out of the dish.  The fish and chips, including the dip[ping sauces ROCKED.   My husband's wings were good.  The best part was our server was fab.  He had it all down and we dug the service.  I think the only thing that was king of a bummer was this place is pricey.  I mean, really, $14 for ONE bottle of Stone IPA????  So not cool.  But, got a free Bud Light for checking in on Yelp... my husband drank it.  Wondered who would take that bullet!Oh, but LOVED my drink.  Think it was called barreled mule... a whiskey Mule.  YES!And, it is VERY loud here.  VERY LOUD.
1	One of the worst restaurant experiences I've had. We show up with a party of five. We are told that 5 cannot be accommodated due to reservations. We ask if a chair can be brought to a table of 4 which they offer to us (still have a party of 5) and they can't do it. The whole time the young hostess clearly is frustrated with her day and giving us attitude the while time. We tell her we will walk to the bar and find seats. We find 3 and are told after sitting/sanding there for 3 minutes that it is a service well and we will not be served if we sit there.At this point we find another 3 chairs with 2 other guests leaving shortly.  3 of us sit, stand and hostess now returns to us and offers us one of the "draft tables." But she says if we sit here we cannot be served by the restaurant and would need to place and retrieve our orders from the bar.  We continue to sit at the bar and after a few minutes a bartender takes out order. 2 guys order one of which gets an incorrect beer order.  I ask for a delirium and I am told they are out.  I then ask about the "7 second challenge." Our bartender says, "u don't want that now just order a drink." I decline and say I want the 7 second and ask what beers are available, she mumbles the beers and walks away.  5 minutes goes by and she returns, I ask which beers again and I hear the list. She says Boddingtons is the best. I refuse telling her I want PBR. She walks away again and returns in 5 minutes.  My party proceeds to order food which she gives us a confused look and says I thought you guys only wanted beer and then gripes about having to split the check.  She asks me again what I want to order and I say the seven second challenge, she returns with a Boddingtons and tells me to wait for her return. I examine the beer, see it's not PBR and wait for her return again. 7 minutes goes by and she returns. At this point I'm furious with the horrid service and attitude from all their staff. She insists I ordered Boddingtons. At this point I walk out due to total incompetence by the staff there.  Very rude, disrespectful and clearly doesn't care what the customer wants. Never go there again.
2	I would have given this place 4 stars but because of some of the staff, i have to give it 2. My girlfriend and I went in last night and have to say that aside from some of the staff behind the bar, everything was exceptional. We went in for their late night happy hour. My lady got a Firestone double jack and I ordered the parabola bottle. Needless to say the beers were great. Our bartender asked us if we wanted any happy hour foods, we told her to just let us know when the kitchen was going to close in case we got hungry. She was probably one of the happier of the bunch. I think her name was Brenda? Either way she made us feel super confortable with all the tention going on behind the bar. The little bartender in the service well kept complaining about a lot of things and kind of made us uncomfortable, and the taller lady was really loud and off putting. I guess something happened on the other side and both made it very obvious that they weren't happy about it. Brenda tried her best to make sure we were having a good time despite all the negativity. She even gave us some to go waters for our walk back to the Paris. Other than those two ladies, it's an awesome place for great beers at great prices during happy hour. Next time we'll grab some food.
5	A few years back my Vegas group did a Pub themed Vegas weekend, hitting both Todd English's and Gordon Ramsey's -  Todd English was by far the best... So, we Took a group of 15 for my daughter's 21st b-day (including 4 21 year-olds, 2 18 year olds, and 2 70 year old grandparents with food allergies, and demanding expectations).  I worked with Carol to reserve the table, since it was a large group, and everything went smoothly over email.  My only request was that we have a great server, and Steve did not disappoint.  When we arrived, the table was ready, and Steve introduced himself to me, confirmed that he was aware of the allergies, and assured me that he would take care of everything.  Drinks were ordered, and the best appetizer ever - junk chips arrived.  Everyone's meals arrived in sync and hot, and everyone loved their food. And, even though the 21 year olds could not hang with the 45 year old dad when it came to the 7 second challenge, a great time was had by all.Thank you Carol for organizing a great night!
5	My husband and I enjoyed this place. I ordered the Lobster roll of course and it was real fresh. I don't like cole slaw at all..but Todd's Cole Slaw is so good.. Again fresh.. My husband got the happy hour oysters and buffalo wings..  He was surprise how everything was so fresh a super good.. He got a second round of oysters and wings.. Our sever Aaron is so nice and patient with us he gave us great recommendation specially  white wine sangria .. So good..
5	I have come to realize that almost every single one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas is a Todd English establishment.  None disappoint and PUB is no different.  We actually went back a second time during our trip; it was just that good.  The duck buns and soft pretzels with "wiz wiz" are winners on the app menu.  For entree's the lobster rolls, Rotisserie sliced beef sandwich, sliders and grilled cheese sandwich (with brie and bacon...yum) are all winners.  Service was okay but not great.  However, the huge beer selection with everything from PBR on tap to rare Trappist Ales combined with the great food more than made up for anything lacking in that area.  Bottom line, it is worth a try, maybe even 2:)
3	Definitely an interesting megaresort type of take on an English pub. It's a bit too huge to feel pubby, but it has a fairly exhaustive beer list and a lot of delicious food to pick from. Started out with some east coast oysters and had bangers and mash for an entree. Oh how I'm a sucker for bangers and mash, and these ones didn't disappoint. 3 stars because although this is a solid place, nothing particularly stood out enough to make me want to go out of my way to eat here again.
4	Great service great food. Try the lobster rolls and the wedge salad. Jorge the waiter rocks very friendly! Will definitely comeback when we are in Vegas
2	Way overpriced for what you get.  Check in on Yelp and you get a free bud light, other than that I'd avoid this place.
5	OHMYGOODNESS!This place has the best lobster roll I have ever eaten in my whole entire life.I am from Los Angeles, and let me tell you.. I would drive over to Las Vegas just for the day just to have some of their lobster roll!! The lobster was cooked perfectly. And the sauce, complimented it so well! And the bread ?! best bread i've ever had.DEFINITELY GOING BACK WHENEVER I AM IN VEGAS.
5	Always make this a must visit when I come to VegasGreat foodGreat beerGreat oysters that are only $2 a piece If you are looking for a fun place with a lively crowd but not overwhelming this is a must.   Food is always outstanding
3	Just OK, nothing special. Overpriced for what you get although they do do some good happy hour deals if you are looking for a cheap bite to eat.The service was OK, our server wasn't exactly full of smiles but he was quick in taking our order and clearing away. We also went on a Friday evening and there was plenty of seating available inside.I'm glad we wasn't sat near any speakers because the music was blasting out like you wouldn't believe. Good selection of beers if that's what you are in to.I probably wouldn't visit again as there are better places for better prices on the strip but it was worth a try.
1	This place is a joke!I will be very specific about the issues that I had during my lunch at Mr Todd English's ill attempt at a restaurant:We arrived at the restaurant around 2:00pm for lunch. There was no host at the host stand; just a busser standing up front twirling a drink tray on his finger saying "she's gunna be right back."  The hostess known as "she" didn't return to the host stand for several minutes. We were eventually sat at a table when she arrived back at her post.We were greeted quickly by our server, Samantha. She was plenty friendly. The issue that I had with her is that she was sitting at a table next to us doing nothing but showing pictures of who knows what to other servers while they neglected their tables, and she neglected hers. I had no refill on my soda.  She didn't check on us after food was received.  The manager did nothing but stand next to the heat lamps and lean the whole time that we were there.The $19 hamburger that I received had no seasoning on it and the bun was very dry and stale...huge disappointment. Theb $20 sandwich my wife had was good, but really I could have had it for $7 at togo's. In conclusion:Service: terrible.Food: mediocre at best. I know that my words will fall on deaf ears, as far as Mr English is concerned, but hopefully the management will try to improve the staff so that people don't continue to leave as pissed off as I did.  Don't spend your hard earned money here. You will regret it, as I do!
4	Watching football with my business partner in Vegas and this had much better fare than the Aria bars. Service was average so docked the rating but the burger and fries were huge and delicious. I tried to finish but was overwhelmed. The meat was thick but cooked med well like I asked and veggies fresh. Of course you'd expect this from a $19 burger but still cheap in Vegas.
5	Went here today for the first time. I ordered the Bloody Mary and the wilted spinach salad with salmon. The Bloody Mary was tasty but the spinach salad was even better!!
2	The food was ok.  To be honest if the service hadn't been so bad it probably would have been a 4. However, he was so bloody miserable if we had not ever darkened his door I would hope that he would have been happier.  (He couldn't have been any worse) the hostess was very nice and the bartenders seemed great though.  I wish we had sat there. Oh well.
3	Ever since I tried their dirty chips, I've been dying to come back and have them again.  It's been a couple years, so sadly we found out they no longer are on the menu.  Tried the Junk Chips instead, along with their prime rib sandwich.  The Junk Chips just don't measure up to what they had with the Dirty Chips.  Too wet and similar to nachos.....please bring back the Dirty Chips!!  Sandwich was delicious!
5	This is a very fun place, loud and vibrant as you expect in Vegas, a great vibe all around.So it's an English style pub this means one important aspect to start out with - beer!  I had the arrogant bastard ale, which for some reason I suspect may have been the wife telling me something subconsciously but it seemed to hit home. Very smooth and refreshing.  The beer was pretty good too!The wife had a Bloody Mary chock full of add ons to ensure optimal obnoxiousness was achieved. Cheddar, shrimp, salami, pickled asparagus, old bay seasoning, Worstershire sauce, lime juice, spicy V8 all made full with tomato basil infused Vodka!  A drink as large as a five course meal, whatever next!  She loved it.Well next in fact was the crispy beer battered pickles as an appetizer.  Appetizer?  This could be a whole meal for 2 on its own!  Great dips with this.  Awesomeness.Entree: fish and chips - it's an English pub what else?  Also we shared and good thing, this could feed a family of 4!  Fish, fries, coleslaw as good as it gets - phenomenal.Service was also awesome, our server was incredibly friendly and helpful.So great place and a well earned 5 stars!
3	Considering this is on the strip this isn't a bad option for happy hour. Of course, happy hour just knocks the prices down to where they should be in the first place. Their beer selection is extensive and virtually all of it is on happy hour. I had the sliders and they were really good. I was actually surprised at how they hit the spot- I guess I didn't expect them to be so big (for a slider). The oysters were just okay but I had to try them since it was happy hour. You do have an option to sit outside, which is nice, but there is really no view. It's just for the mere reason of sitting outside.
5	One of my best Vegas experiences yet  amazing food friendly service we came to watch the 49er game and the atmosphere was perfect
4	Ordered a Chicken BLT, which was pretty good, although the chicken was a bit overcooked. I sat at the bar and the service was great and super fast.
2	The only reason they get 2 stars is, 1, they make a killer Bloody Mary. 2. The 7 second pint. Drink a Beer in 7 seconds it's free. With that said. Prices are ridiculous. $9 for a Bud Light. Really.  Small cup of mini corn dogs $10.  Our group spent over $350 Sunday and the service was terrible.  High prices can be over looked with good service but we were like invisable as well as server kept forgetting.
3	It's nice to sit outside on a cool day, but was disappointed with a few things. Service was poorer than expected. My friend had ice tea and I had water and the whole time we didn't get our refills. I actually had to hunt them down to get me more water.Onion rings are killer great and the only reason I gave them 3 stars instead of 2. Had lobster Cobb and majority of the lobster meat was stringy innard-like meat which I suspect might be from the tiny legs... There's claw but no tail meat whatsoever. It's really weird. When I buy lobster, I don't even bother outside of the tail and large claw... Seriously couldn't believe they served parts that I throw out.
3	The food is terrible, I still feel sick to my stomach. We got the "junk chips" and thought that would be a great part of our cheat meal.... Just don't even do it. We also went for the pastrami sliders and I've never had bad pastrami before. I don't know what it was, but I will definitely not eat here again.Great place for beer, great location, great happy hour and awesome service.Reconsider if you're thinking about the food. Wish they could change up the menu for some tastier options.
1	Yuck. Very dissapointed in my 10/2/14 meal. I visited for dinner and to watch the football game.  The service could not have been less inviting and the experince less memorable. The Aria has better dining choices.
1	This review would have been 5 stars without a doubt except for the exceptionally bad customer service by the hostess. We arrived promptly for our reservation for 8 people, hostess told us she couldn't find the reservation and told us to step aside so she could seat other people. We came from 4 states for a birthday dinner and ended up at 3 separate tables. The food was exceptional, our waiter was awesome but the hostess totally ruined the celebration for our group. Also everyone noted she was not dressed liked someone representing any classy establishment.Very seldom do I give a bad review but this one is deserved.
4	Would have been five stars for us if they hadn't lost our reservations. (Rude never works) . To the restaurants credit they were able to accommodate our group of eleven.This was the best dinner we had in Vegas and I want to go back. Fresh oysters, fish and chips and my favorite Hangar 1 vodka.Thanks to manager to help us feel welcome That's points!
1	if it wasnt for the bartender Janelle then this would get 0 stars! we go for MNF and are told sliders are 3 bucks each...fine. then the waiter asks do u want fries so i figure they should be coming with or a special for happy hour but no! lol...3 sliders are 9 bucks and the fries were also 9 bucks! the waiter failed to disclose that in which he wanted to up the bill. Horrible and sneaky service by our waiter. We left at halftime  and will never be back.
2	Music was so load you couldn't talk to the person next to you.  Food was fair and way over seasoned and over priced.  I ordered roasted turkey and couldn't even eat it with the amount of salt on it.  With the amount of places to eat in Vegas not sure I would return.  A disappointment since P.U.B was always on of my favoirtes.
3	They have a pretty good beer selection.  We also did the "7 second challenge", drink a pint in seven seconds and get it for free.  3 out of 4 of us were successful!  It was kind of a fun thing to do at the bar.  We tried the duck steamed buns and thought they were pretty good, a little too sweet for my liking but good overall.  The one thing that I really dislike at places is the bathroom attendants.  I can get my own soap and towel and don't need to feel pressured into tipping for those things.
4	Decent pub food with a pretty solid staff!  I was in Vegas for 3 days and stayed at the Aria.  I found myself at the Todd English Pub quite a few times during my stay and can't say I regret any of them.  Be prepared to pay typical Vegas prices, but you should receive good service!
5	Great place to watch the games. Love the bartender and his customer service. Great recommendation on lobster roll.
1	Service is non existent. Prices exceed New York prices.   Food is horrible.  Other than that is is ok.
1	We walk in they tell us they r no longer serving food.... only the bar. It's 11pm. We go to order drinks. The bar tender was rude just took our order and walked away and started talking to 3 people. I look at the menu and it says happy hour till midnight with food. I ask them about it and they said it depends on volume. Here's an idea... put an asterisk on the menu stating that. Looks like they might have good food but I will never know cause I will never come back here and neither should you. We finally got our drinks went and sat on the patio. We saw several people come in and immediately leave. many of them talking to there friends about what I put in this message. Owner needs to find a new manager.
1	ok, as far as pubs go, this is a great place to have a beer or two. i recommend  you try to  down a beer in seven seconds (with a standing egg timer attached to the bar) and get a freebie (free is good, yes)?however, if you are a paying customer, purchasing food, you will be greatly disappointed. we were a party of five and not one of our group could eat their meal. i had (actually i didn't) the shepard's pie, which any respectable shepard wouldn't eat. the plate was an oil covered mess and was in-eatable! the same goes for the fish and chips, the stale pretzels and everything else presented here. and good luck finding your waitress to complain. i think they retreat into a bomb shelter in preparation for the numerous complaints this place has to be receiving. this place should be renamed todd english's "greasy spoon"
4	This place was really nice. I got the duck legs and wife got the lobster rolls. Both very yummy. Plus got a free beer when I did this Yelp review. It's kinda hard to find and get to but worth the trip. Not your typical pub but the food options were great!
5	Great vibe great staff oh and good music. The bartenders are friendly and service is fast i came here for a mini vacation and enjoyed it and even Visited this great place quite a few times for there oysters and clams One of the bartenders "Jamie" was great she told me where the best spots in Vegas are And even helped me get access into one of the pool hotspotsThis is a great place if your in Vegas and ps. If you eat the peanuts you throw the shells on the floor , that place is known for that just look at the floor :-)
4	Another good experience at Todd. This place is a little out of the way being tucked back up in the Aria. But it is certainly worth the extra steps for those not staying on-site. Like any good pub, they have a wide selection of beers. Plus lots of variety on their menu. Service this trip was good, but not great. The food continues to be top-notch.
4	So, you were on the fence for whether you should book a Thursday night dinner at a fancy place.  You already have Friday and Saturday night reservations on the books, and you're planning to splurge on those.  You're not sure you really *need* a third $300 meal for the weekend, and you were apprehensive about having to rush to make it to a Thursday reservation before the restaurant closed-- even if your flight was going to be on time... ... of course, your flight was delayed, though a small part of you is now secretly smug about having not booked your reservation.  You're staying at Aria, you're tired, and at this point, you just want some normal food and a beer.  It's not excessively late, but a lot of the restaurants are now closed.  Sound familiar?  Before you grumble your way to either room service, a 24 hour restaurant, or whatever quasi food meal substitute you can find within arm's reach, let Todd English P.U.B. be your salvation.  Is it the best meal on the strip?  Of course not, it's not even in the discussion.  But, it has decent food, a good beer selection, relatively speaking (i.e. for the Strip) good prices, and it fills a much needed situational void as described above.  It's one of my favorite ways to ease into the Vegas debauchery when flying in after work from across the country.  We can usually call ahead from the airport and get in without issue.
4	Great happy hour for oysters and beer. Otherwise over priced. But its a nice place to meet up on the strip and not spend a ton if you go during happy hour. Also they have the beer challenge, so if you're good at chugging and want to feel really uncomfortable for free beer then this is the spot.
4	Shady rolled intp T.E PUB Hans Solo style for a lazy Fri afternoon lunch before heading to MGM for 3 nights of slumming with the fishes..had to try the chicken parm sliders, and....um um good!  Nice scene for lunch, great beer selection, personable bartenders, friendly crowd, adjacent to Aria and not far from Cosmo, plenty of tv's to watch the games,outdoor area...whats not to like? Shady , not really a beer type guy, hit the Hank Larsen's early as a prep for the shows that night. Shady makes TE PUB the place to go for a quick at- the- bar type meal.
3	My husband and I had a late afternoon lunch here after spending the day riding the Ferris Wheel and gambling in Vegas, and it was good, but could have been a bit better for the cost.We were staying at the Aria, so it was an obvious lunch choice as something different from the Aria Cafe or the Aria buffet.  We were seated quickly by a friendly hostess, and greeted by a polite server, who oddly, disappeared in the middle of our meal and was replaced with a nice waitress.  It must have been a shift change since were there during the middle of the day, but the swap was never explained to us, which seemed a bit odd.The drinks were good.  I had a Moscow Mule while my husband had a craft beer.  Both were served cold and within 5 minutes of being seated.  My husband had a burger while I had a light shrimp cocktail.  My husband really enjoyed his burger, but the fries were the star of the meal.  They were definitely plentiful, and enough to share between the two of us.  So delicious!  The shrimp cocktail was okay, it didn't taste as fresh as others I have had in Vegas, and for the $24 price tag, it definitely was on the very steep end considering the portion size and overall quality.  We would consider going here again, but I will definitely try another chilled seafood item from the raw menu - which was pretty impressive for a pub specializing in hearty fare.  Cheers!
5	Let me begin by saying I'm not a big fan of bloody Mary's, so after a long night of drinking I guess this was the perfect remedy for a hangover, and boy these were damn good! You can customize it to your liking anyway you want it and they have tons of topping options it's crazy mad! I also had the oysters not bad for 2 bucks a piece I would so come back here next time I'm in town
4	Open, airy, and no pretense ambiance.  Great location in one of the best hotels on the strip. Now let's get to business...Amazing selection of beers and reasonable prices compared to the rest of the strip restaurants- is what saves this place. We sat at the beautiful baker's marble bar. Meticulously clean, shiny bottles surrounding... I would encourage bar or pub seats, as the rest of the restaurant seating is mediocre. We had the fried pickles and the gyoza. Random... but we weren't about to pay 20 dollars for a burger- at least not here. Both appys were solid. Nothing amazing- but good fresh ingredients, and hearty portions for sharing.The service was decent, but not up to par with 20 dollar burger prices. We heard bartenders complaining openly about split checks (without their split checks you have no check, genius) and overall the bartender staff was not cohesive at all. We felt like the staff spent more attention on their co-workers than their patrons. I understand dealing with the general public can really suck- but be nice... we aren't all dipshits.Will we come here again? Absolutely... just not as quickly.
5	Monster portions that are fantastic is the short story... If you are going to have to single out a day to visit - make it the weekend and get the fully loaded bloody mary that can serve as your entire meal.
4	We liked it. Not very crowded for a Friday afternoon happy hour. Excellent service and the Apple cider was quite tasty. We did enjoy their wings-they had a nice little kick to them and were huge. The lobster rolls were good but I thought a little over rated. I'll probably give them a chance next visit for their Sunday brunch or maybe a dinner.
5	When on the Strip, happy hour at the P.U.B. is hard to beat, especially when Jaimee is behind the bar.  With an infectious smile, she serves up half-price pints of delicious brews -- including my personal favorite Ballast Point Sculpin IPA.  And she makes the seven-second challenge (try it with Boddington's) especially fun -- so much fun that I did it two days in a row, winning both times!  Thanks, Jaimee!  Mr English:  Give her a raise!
3	Food was OK but the service was slow and didn't check how our food was. Also, the first 2 beers they had on their menu that I asked for weren't available.
3	Delicious food and drinks, but WAY overpriced. I think a Sculpin IPA was $14. Ahhh Vegas....
4	Ate here twice during a recent visit to LV.  Great food & great staff.  Super helpful in navigating significant drink and food options.  Typical overpriced LV though. Perhaps 30-40% inflated just because it is inside of ARIA.
4	Great beer selection.  Good pub food.  Not too many health options but the few things I've tried have been good.
3	Decided to try this place out after a couple times of walking past it to go to Aria's Casino. It was a Saturday so I some what expected slow service, but it was really slow. Our waiter seemed to forget about us after ordering our fried pickle appetizer when we had told him we just needed a minute to look at the drink menu. The fried pickles we ordered were just average, and we also ordered kobe beef sliders that were okay. Our waiter asked what type of cheese we wanted on the burgers to then see on the bill a $2 charge for the cheese. Not very good customer service to act like it was included and not tell us about the up charge. Prices were above average and the food did not delivery. Probably won't give this place a second try.
4	Our go to place for consistently good food and a great craft beer selection. My favorite are the Lobster Rolls and you can't go wrong with their oysters or jumbo shrimp off the Raw Bar. The chicken wings are also near the top of the best in town list. Sit at the bar for the best service and active conversation.
5	Been to Todd English's PUB several times over the past few years. Each time reminded that their version of PUB food is as good as anywhere. Strongly recommend the Pretzel starter. Also recommend any of the meat selections for sandwiches. Pastrami w three mustards and horseradish cream sauce is maybe the best you will see. Service was adequate. We went as a group of 15. Pot Pie is excellent. Recommend the burgers. Last night was great starters. Shrimp cocktail is great value. Huge beer selection. Good atmosphere. Fun.
5	Great place to drink and watch football. The Aria sports booked fills up fast so we opted to just go here and watch a few games.We ended up spending a majority of the day here. Food is good and on the weekends you have to build your own Bloody Mary! Really nice people behind the bar and good drinks makes a good time!
4	4 stars for the happy hour and cool ambiance.The $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders during happy hour brought us here whilest cruising the strip.The outside seating is open and airy with modern decor and a view of the classy Aria to supplement your experience.  Indoors, the vibe is more cool and hipster, with massive (yes, much larger than normal) dart boards to entertain.  Choose your poison; they're both great!All the happy hour food was delicious and paired well with the huge selection of craft and domestic beers.  Keep the men facing away from the TV screens, as their eyes will be glued there otherwise...It is a pub, I suppose.+1 Free Bud Light with Yelp check-in!
3	Food was good pub food. Service was mediocre. The beer is way over-priced. Good selection but $14 for a pint of US brewed IPA is much higher than even NYC or SF.
3	Price has gone up-up-up... And a lack of kids menus or pricing makes this a non-kid-friendly place. The food is ok... Some gotchas on the menu make a thorough Q&A with your server required.  All in all I'm unimpressed. It's a really great beer selection, but unless you're there during happy hour, every beer is $15 for a basic pint. Fine if you just hit a jackpot, but it's definitely geared to catch the tourist's dollars. Not locals-friendly at all.  Also, being forced to tip the bathroom attendant sucked.  Can't say I'll be going back.
1	Mediocre and I am being kind. Appetizer chips were burnt. My lobster salad had a lot of lobster but dressing was nothing to write home. Fish and chips had to go back. Batter was not done and when returned tasted to much of vinegar. Way to expensive. I will never go back to another Todd English place. I have tried them for years and the odds are that it is not good.
5	Had an amazing lunch yesterday! Great food an even better service! Cameron was an amazing server! We are back again today and plan to come again before our vacation is over! Everything on the menu is delicious! Seriously haven't tried one thing I didn't enjoy! I really wish we had a Todd English in South Carolina!!
5	Great food and great service.  One of my favorite places during my stay in Vegas!  Cameron was an excellent waiter and kept us coming back!  I don't review restaurants very often, but this place is just too good not to share.
2	The food was not good and was exceptionally overpriced. I had the Brie grilled cheese with a side of onion rings. The sandwich was bland and the onion rings were just bad (think giant and soggy with a big slimy onion that comes out entirely with one bite.) My date got the fish and chips which were equally as bland as the sandwich. The duck buns and skinny fries were the only decent thing we had. The do have good bloody marys as well.
1	How can I explain the 3 different waiters we had and the 40 minute  wait? Well, we were told our order was cancelled but it had been put in again. Oh, but don't worry because you ordered a medium rare burger and it doesn't take long. All in all, this place is expensive mediocre food but crappy service. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else!!
1	If you like waiting 40 mins before getting any food and watching your waiter shoot the breeze with another waiter this is the place to go.
4	Came here last Sunday around 10pm for their happy hour as part of my boyfriend's birthday after eating at Gordon Ramsey's Steak. The best parking would be to valet at Aria since this place is right between Aria and Crystal's. 4 stars mainly because I liked the atmosphere, it's the fanciest version of a P.U.B I've ever seen lol. With their extensive beer menu and 7-second challenge, I could definitely see this as a spot for the guys or any girls that really like beer. I'm mainly a specialty cocktail type person so it's not exactly a go-to spot for me. Happy hour: 3-6pm & 10pm-Midnight every day!-1/2 off pints-1/2 wines by the glass-$1 wings-$2 oysters-$3 slidersI loved both of their red and white sangria and my friends enjoyed the wings and oysters. One of my girlfriends said their sliders were alright.I still want to come back here though to possibly try their P.U.B favorites like their foot long hot dog, cioppino, smore's board and their lobster benedict off their brunch menu.
3	I went for the fish and chips today. Ate the whole thing and was definitely full. All the servers wear their favorite sports team jersey. I didn't have the burgers, but I heard that on the bread. Next time I come here I'll try the burgers. The portions are very large.
4	This was such a great find! My boyfriend and I stopped in today for happy hour. Still functioning on east coast time, the 3:00-6:00 PM time slot was really dinner for us. We were attracted to the large menu and half-priced draft pints. Little did we know that they are also doing a "Twelve Beers of Christmas," with a new draft every day until Christmas for $2.00. So amazing! We scored Winter Lager (Sam Adams) for ridiculously cheap... you just don't find that on the strip.We ordered twelve oysters from the raw bar to start and they did not disappoint. Fresh horseradish, cocktail sauce, lemon wedges, and another sauce which was Asian-inspired accompanied them. Super fresh, salty, and a decent size made this Carolina girl (read: oyster snob) a fan. I also ordered a wedge salad and was really impressed by it. Bacon vinaigrette, bacon pieces, fresh tomatoes and avocado, chopped egg, and blue cheese equals serious wedge perfection. I ate the entire thing. My boyfriend had the grilled bologna and thought the sandwich was great. The only downside was that it said it was served with kettle chips but they were no where to be found. Service was attentive at the bar but also a little sporadic, so he chose to just let that slip up go and not ask about them.Overall, the food was great and the fact we found $2.00 draft beers is a miracle. We'll be back (as in tomorrow, to see what is next on their "twelve beers" list). Happy to have found this place!
4	Great place to go to for an inexpensive, low key night. My husband and I decided to come here for a late dinner during the 10p-12a happy hour, and very happy we did. We ordered a dozen chicken wings, 3 sliders, the fried pickles, an oyster, and 4 pints of beer and got out here for LESS than $50 ... you can't go wrong with that. Chicken wings were nice and crispy, but a little on the small side, and I wish they had more sauces. Sliders were awesome, ordered and got a perfect medium mini burger, dressed in thousand island and caramelized onions. YUM. The fried pickles were very good as well, but a HUGE portion, and we just couldn't get through them. The pickles are a mixture (sweet and dill), the fried sweet pickles threw me off a little, but the dill chips were great. My husband tried an oyster for the first time, and the waitress walked him through the whole process and what he should put on it. Needless to say, she made him a fan :) This place has a ton of beers, but unfortunately about 3 of the beers my husband tried to order were not available that night. Service was great though, food came out fast and overall it was nice place to relax, eat and drink.
5	Great spot. Solid food. One of the best beer menus in Vegas and bartenders that are knowledgeable and accommodating. Kris and Jaime were fantastic. Knowledgeable, accommodating, a lot of fun. When in Vegas, don't miss this spot.
4	On a recent visit to Vegas we stayed at the Aria and the PUB is right next door.  It was nice to have something close that wasn't as expensive as everything in the Aria.  It was nice enough to sit outside, which was a cute patio and it was nice to spend some time outside.  It was happy hour so we got cheap wings and oysters.  We got just a few oysters to start, but since we loved them so much we got a few more after eating the wings.  I love the asian sauce they with them that was different then what other places serve.  The wings were good, but the oysters we remembered more.  It was a perfect late day snack.  They have a great beer selection with discounted pints during happy hour.  I definitely recommend and the service was great too!
4	Mini corn dogs were tasty! How will I ever compare after having my 1st Bloody Mary here at brunch! It was a meal in its own!
4	Get stuffed!  Literally.Not health food.  Large portions deep fried or with fat and juices from properly roasted joins, added calories from cheeses and spreads; this is Vegas.  Straight forward British pub grub paired with very well chosen selections of beers on tap.The carvery is the focus.  Select half or a full pound of the protein, bread and two sauces.  Simples.  Do select heartier breads (sandwich breads turn to mush).  Stick to simple sauces (black truffle mayo or horseradish scour cream) if you want to accentuate the roasted flavors of the proteins.  Proteins themselves are perfectly cooked remembering that this is NOT a Jewish deli.  Outstanding, brisket.  Dripping with juices, deep flavor, just the right amount of fat.  The lamb, cooked mid rare has a mild lamb flavor.  Finally, the duck confit with its good thyme scented backbone.  Moist and crisp when heated.  All good eats.  All sandwiches are accompanies by a crock of pickled root veg.  The very strong acidic finish is required to cut through the fatty goodness of the sandwiches.Great starters include a simple white wine steamed clams with apple wood smoked bacon.  The fat from the bacon imparts a great richness and flavor to the clams.  The steamed PEI mussels are also very well done.  Tender, just cooked through with a great spicy tomato broth.  The accompanying garlic aioli and crispy fried cherry peppers adds the right amount of complexity and heat to keep the palate alive.Standard pub fare (fish and chips; very good with perfectly cooked, heavily battered, crisp on the outside and moist on the inside, with a nice side of fluffy chips and mushy peas and the grilled banger and mash with its deeply caramelized onion gravy) are great.Excellent service bordering on off Strip Vegas local (real people living real lives).Great energy and pub ambiance.  Crack the peanuts and throw the shells on the ground, bar games for free beers if you can finish in a crazy short time, games on nice and loud and the energy of the guest.Note:  Outstanding happy hour and reverse happy hour with half off all beers and wine.  Many, many repeat visits.  Always consistent.Cheeers!
5	This place is incredible. The best bar food you could ask for. I have been here 6 times so far and everything I have tried is great. Their brunch is my favorite and the "Lobster eggs Benny" is amazing! They have a RIDICULOUS bloody Mary bar with the most incredible make your own menu I have ever seen. Their happy hour is great, with great deals on sliders and wings and beer. I could go on for a wile about this place, try it. . .it's a bit pricey for bar food, but you won't be disappointed.
5	We went here the other night and were really excited because it has been SO hyped up the past year or so. We went on a Tuesday night thinking the wait wouldn't be crazy (we tried before only to here there was a 3 hour wait) and to our surprise there was still a 2 hour wait. We did wait though and had a few beers at the bar and chatted with the bartender who was cool. The food was good, but nothing special, and a little pricier than we would have liked. The space is amazing and worth taking a look at. Go. But, if the wait is forever...go elsewhere.
4	After reading the reviews, I had to find out what all the buzz was about. A couple of Boddingtons and a lobster roll later, I am convinced that the rave reviews are completely justified. Best lobster roll this side of Boston! Super fast service and a great atmosphere. A bit pricey but worth it.
4	Awesome pub! Very cool feel and decor inside the restaurant. Didn't get to look outside. The pickle fries were good with minimal breading. They came with three sauces, and the chipotle sauce was very good. The prime rib sandwich was amazing with the French dip and onions. The prices were typical for Vegas, although not insane. A better deal than what you can get at the surrounding restaurants. The Todd English P.U.B. is a great lunch choice, especially for those who like beer.
5	Best red sangria ever. The oysters are very fresh and the cioppino was outstanding. The frites are worth the calories .
5	This restaurant is amazing. The service was friendly and attentive, the Bloody Mary's were over the top with lobster, bacon, shrimp and anything else you can imagine. Everything we saw coming out of the kitchen made us want to come back and try later. The drinks were hand crafted with fresh ingredients plus they have a value packed happy hour. Oh and the breakfast sandwiches looked spectacular on house made brioche buns. Yum!
4	Good service. Wide range of choice on menu. Food well prepared and delivered promptly. Background music a little loud. Overall, well priced, value for money and good experience.
5	As far as restaurants and bars go in and around the Aria complex, this pub wins hands-down, and is actually more affordable than the other restaurants in Aria.  Great beer selection and really good food.  If you like sports, there are plenty of TVs.  The atmosphere is nice and social, and the decor is perfect.  I have eaten here a couple of times now.  The menu is better than most pubs, and the food is ever better.  I have tried several different dishes and appetizers and they have all been outstanding.  My favorite dish is the ribeye, which sits in a pile of mashed potatoes drizzled with sauce/ gravy.  If you like fish n chips, you won't be disappointed.  If you are sitting near the kitchen, watch them expedite things -very well run with great staff all working in sync.  This will definitely be a regular stop for me when visiting Vegas.
