3	I'd been waiting for this Five Guys to open ever since they put the signage up a few weeks ago, and was pumped to see the 'now open' sign when I drove by.  I was able to convince the wife to go later for dinner.Walked in around 5:30 or so, and there was only one person in front of us in line, and the restaurant (and nice patio) was about 50% full.  We ordered quickly and got situated at our table before I went up to get drinks.  I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of drinks that were available, I counted 14 different fountain drinks (including Cherry Coke, Mello Yello, Orange Fanta and the other usual Coke stand-bys) as well as a Gold Peak dispenser with three different flavors.  I also thought it was nice that all over the restaurant there were boxes of peanuts for patrons to enjoy while waiting for their meals to come out.  My assumption was that it takes awhile to get the food.  Well, I was wrong on that one, because my food was up pretty quickly (less than five minutes).  I'd imagine if it was really busy it'd take take a touch longer, but for this visit, it was good.I had a cheese burger (which was double pattied), the wife had a cheese veggie sandwich and we split the smallest size of fries.  Now this may have been the smallest size...but we could have probably fed four people off the amount that we got, it was a very generous portion.  Good flavor, but they weren't crisp.  I thought they could have been cooked a little more, the wife thought maybe they had sat out for a bit.  The burger, I liked, meat seemed nice a fresh, with good flavor.  The bun was fresh, but I've had better.  Off one serving, if I had to choose between In N Out or Five Guys forever, I'd probably give In N Out the nod, but this burger is definitely bigger/heartier than what you are going to get at In N Out.  I could see Five Guys growing on me with a few more visits.  I had previous heard that Five Guys was kind of expensive...I thought it was a pretty good value for our two sandwiches, fries and one soda (wife got water)...less than $15.  (Note:  I did think it odd that there was a tip bucket up front...I mean, there isn't a waiter, I had to go get my own food and I bused my own table...I wouldn't tip at McDonald's...).Anyways, this is a solid 3.5 for me.  I could definitely see this moving up to a 4 after another visit, but I wasn't blown away this time.  I am excited they are here and a solid burger option for me.
4	Just moved to Phoenix from Southern California and while exploring the area stumbled on Five Guys.  I was excited because I have friends in Philly that tout this place.  We headed over at about 2 to let the lunch rush die down--we only had 3 people in front of us but the restaurant was about 75% full.  I ordered the cheeseburger and DH got the bacon cheese burger both "all the way".  We each got a small order of fries, mine regular his cajun style.  We were #68, so we got our drinks, sat down and waited (opted out of getting peanuts).  It took less the 5 minutes for our food to be up and boy am I glad we didn't get peanuts.  The burgers were double pattied with sauted shrooms, onions, pickles, lettuce, tomatoe and ketchup and mustard.  The french fries came in small cups but there were at least that many at the bottom of the bag too....no way we would eat all of those.  Next time 1 small order.  I now also understand what a "little" burger is on the menu, it must be one pattie.The burgers were good, sloppy with all that stuff, but really good flavor.  Glad they were wrapped in foil so I had something to hold it all together with.  The fries were done in peanut oil (I assume).  Not cripsy but I don't think they were supposed to be.  They were good, but the cajun was a bit much.  The price was reasonable just $20 for two big burgers, 2 fries and 2 drinks.  Will definitely go again.
4	This is another welcome addition to Bell Town Center, which has been adding some great new businesses in the past few months.I had the little bacon burger which was perfect. Super crispy bacon. My husband had the Cheeseburger.double patties. He enjoyed it.I loved the fries..if you are a crispy skinny fry kind of person, than forget coming here. They were thick, and a bit on the soggy side, which is just how I love them.They have mello yello as a fountain drink option. Mello yello! take me back to 1986!It was pricey..burgers, 1 medium drink, 1 large fry-$18 and change. the atmosphere was fun, and I didn't see the peanuts until we left, darn!We'll be back.
4	Another cool place found through yelp ... and not just me; I bumped into fellow yelpers Daren C. and Ryan C. here at lunch. They came here because, like me, they read a review for this place posted earlier today. Because it was lunchtime, the place was busy, but the line moved quickly enough and the people taking the orders were friendly. I enjoyed the baconburger I ordered - quite a stack, with crispy bacon, two patties, plus the condiments I ordered (lettuce, tomato, pickles, ketchup, mustard), and the fries were great - thicker than at most places, adequately salted, and a nice balance of softness and slight crispiness. Plenty of places to sit, especially since they have a nice patio for al fresco dining ... and don't forget to serve yourself with the peanuts in the shell to munch on while waiting for your number to be called.
4	3.75 FTR I am NOT a fan of flat fried burgers, I prefer grilled over a flame. Man I love the taste of a fire kissed hunk of ground beef. I read a few reviews and thought I should at least try the burger. I am glad I did. Hand pattied, fresh burgers, flat grilled to well done but still juicy. The beef had almost 0 flavor by itself but added nice texture to the entire burger as a whole. As a burger "traditionalist" I ordered the regular with bacon, lettuce, tomato's, pickle and mustard. No Jalapenos or cool little add ons. The condiments were all really fresh and had good flavor. (most tomato's lack this now a days) The double patty was a little much, I may go with the single next time. The building was busy with customers and staff, they run a tight ship. The prices can get a little high unless you eat smart, the frys are large, the burgers are large and the drinks are $2.19 for a large. Get the single burgers, share a fry and get water or skip the frys and eat the free peanuts.LOL I will go back.4 stars for a flat top grilled burger... must have been good.
4	A burger with whatever-the-hell-you-want on it for no extra charges for things like jalapeno, grilled onions or peppers,etc sounds like a smokin deal.  $5 for that burger alone, with no combo deals in sight, brings you back down to earth.The beef is high quality, with no grissly bits, and the toppings choices are many with plentiful, almost too much, volume.  Makes for a deliciously sloppy affair to eat a burger that is just as tall as it is wide!I was worried when I unwrapped my tinfoil and saw that the bun had been pretty much smashed down during assembly.  I looked around and it was standard operating procedure, so I dug in, and the bun held up surprisingly well for being so pushed to its limits of moisture absorbtion and weight support.Salt peanuts! Salt peanuts!  free for the taking.  They are everywhere -- something to be aware of if you have one of those allergic kids that they shut down school for when a classmate opens a PBJ sandwich too close.I also worried about their storage technique for the sacks of potatoes.  Either they are wasting hundreds of pounds of spuds, or they plan on using these after storing them out where any kid could poke their grubby little fingers into holes in the sacks, or stab the potatoes with a pen, or punch and bruise them, etc.Prices are high, but I dig Five Guys B&F.  You seem to get what you pay for, except for the drink -- $2.19 for a 32 oz is just gouging.
2	Pros - all you can eat peanuts, large portionsCons - bad for people who are allergic to peanuts because the shells are everywhere, most expensive burger meal I've had in awhile at $12 (cheeseburger, cajun fries, and soft drink), slower than other burger joints, no drive throughThe portion was big...I ended up throwing away most of my fries.  I prefer Fatburger over Five Guys.
3	I want to like Five Guys Burgers, I really do.My first experience with them wasn't really anything special. I do enjoy the fact that they make the burgers the way you want them too, but the ingredients going into the burger is nothing special.Also, the way they stack the burger is what kills it for me. By putting the mushrooms and onions on the bottom of the double patties, it kind of melts the bottom bun, which was a big bummer for me. The meat wasn't spiced at all, but tasted fresh, which gives them some points. As for the potatoes, I don't really care where they come from, so having a sign to tell us where they come from seems kind of pointless. We got the Cajun spiced fries, which the wife didn't enjoy, but I liked. They tasted frozen though, which was kind of a let down.  EDIT: Just found out they always use fresh potatoes...didn't taste fresh.Other than that, you do get plenty of food for the price, and the decor is nice. Staff was great. I might try again, but with Smashburger and Fatburger around, I might not.
4	5 guys is a fun place to go for a "I need a stack of meat!" fix. Whoever the 5 guys are, they take pride in an overfilled burger with toppings oozing out the sides! Thank you for the THICK cut tomato and grilled onions....mmmmm. Licked my fingers more than once after polishing off a double patty (I think I will pass on eating dinner now, thanks). The fries are thick cut and full salt (more finger licking). No, I am pretty sure there is not a healthy item on the menue...so this is a treat...but a welcome one. As far as the pricing goes...yep it is a bit pricey...but I can spend $6-7 on a "value" meal at a fast food joint...why not get some real meat and toppings for a few bucks more...Share the fries there is more than enough to go around :)
4	So my first experience was on opening night for this location and it was alright.  It was pretty packed, and loud, so I think I didn't talk loud enough when I placed my order and I wound up missing the lettuce and tomato on my burger.  Their bacon comes extra crispy and didn't seem like anything special.  Overall the burger was pretty decent, however I thought it'd be much better the way I ordered it and sans bacon as I'm not a crispy bacon fan.  Also I ordered the regular fries, their smallest size, and it's still a huge amount.  They fill the cup that the fries come in, then upon putting that and the burger in the bag, they dump another scoop of fries on top of the whole thing which could potentially make your burger wrapper very greasy if you were getting it to go.On my second visit, it was much slower and my order came exactly as I ordered it with all the condiments.  This time without bacon and the addition of lettuce and tomato, it was quite an enjoyable burger.  I ordered the regular Five Guys fries this time and while still being too much to eat, they were tasty.All in all for a pretty big burger, fries and a drink, you're looking at 10 bucks.A couple things to note here are the amount of things you can put on the burger.  It's quite a decent selection.  Also there are boxes of peanuts with trays at the end of the checkout line that they offer for free to snack on while you eat.  Finally, they have Mello Yellow on the fountain here which may be enough to sway your descision in and of itself.  The establishment itself is quite clean and well laid out.
2	Holy let down batman. I totally got sucked into the "Five Guys hype": reading the owner's story about opening the restaurant with his kids:  how he doesn't spend much on the restaurants themselves, but instead focuses on the quality of the food:  How they don't deliver, that nothing is frozen, etc.  But above all how good their food is. Mr. Boss of all Five Guys franchises:  Please visit your restaurants.  In and Out  = better than Five guysSmashburger  = better than Five guysDelux   = better than Five guysFat Burger  = better than Five guysMcDonalds  = better than Five guysPerfect (twice fried) french fries?  Soggy mess.Fresh ingredients?  I can't disprove this, but to cook said ingredients to death and then dress them up with "as many condiments as I want" ? No high five for you. It's like offering me fancy ketchup with my well-well done filet mignon. (though to be fair, most places cook everything to well done... it was just a mess here though) And the kiss?  I paid 5 bucks for said tasteless krabby patty of woe.  I went in to the restaurant thinking:  WOW ME 5 GUYS, FUCKING WOW ME.   Thats all I wanted!  Give me a reason to come back!  I can't believe you formula for success is to bank on the masses having mediocre taste buds.  Can't say this isn't the right formula for success, but come-fucking-on!
2	I kept hearing good things about the place, and they're popping up all over Phoenix, so I decided to give it a try.  I was not impressed with the place.$11.78 for a bacon cheeseburger, regular fries, and regular drink (the smallest portion of fries and drink.  The burger was two patties, for a total of 7 ounces of beef.  Seems a little high for a fast-food quality meal.The beef wasn't bad - cooked well done but still a little juicy.  It didn't have a lot of flavor, which puts it behind places like Fatburger or In-N-Out, and well behind places like Fuddruckers or Islands.With so many topping options, it was a little disappointing to not have a cheese option - the American cheese they used was a little greasy.  It would have been nice to be able to choose, at least from the mainstream cheeses like cheddar and swiss, maybe even pepper jack or mozzarella.I ordered it with lettuce, tomatoes, and grilled onions, each of which was better than the counterparts at In-N-Out, and probably on par with Fatburger.  They were reasonably fresh-tasting, but not "good burger place" fresh.The fries were really not impressive - I probably should have ordered the cajun fries, maybe then they would have had some decent flavor.The free peanuts were a nice addition, but it's strange to have a place with shelled peanuts but no place to put the shells.  The places I've been to with buckets of shelled peanuts either have something like a bucket at each table, or you just throw your shells on the floor, kind of adding to the decor - this place didn't do either - not really a big deal, but just seemed a little strange.Overall, I'd say the place is overpriced, a little bland, and definitely overhyped.
2	Let me say first that I absolutely adore a good cheeseburger and fries.  Sadly, I do try to resist them because they're not the best for you but, sometimes it's impossible to avoid this temptation.So, I had a major moment of weakness and found myself starving after a trip to Target-Five Guys!  All their accolades and awards made me very hopeful that I'd soon enjoy a pipin' hot, crispy, salty bag of french fry heaven and a juicy flavorful cheeseburger.Unfortunately, they dissappointed big time on both factors.  The fries were room temperature at best and, frankly, mushy.  I did not find one fry in the bag that offered any resistance to the tooth.  I ended up throwing away basically all of them.  The burger was okay I guess, not very juicy and really-would it kill you to put on at least salt and pepper??  I can't see this place lasting long especially with places like Delux around, hell even Wendy's has better burgers IMHO.
3	For $10.76, I got a "little bacon cheeseburger", fries, and a drink I refilled at least 4 times to make myself believe I got my money's worth today.The burger was good.  It reminds me of what burgers taste like when I make them at home.  The ingredients seemed to be fresh and not premade in a laboratory somewhere where babies are tortured.  The burger was definitely tasty.  I can't say it was worth $5 though.The fries were ok.  They are thick and soft inside.  I like my fries crispier.  Honestly, they were very bland.I could see Chili's out the window and told everyone there I'd rather spend the same amount of money on a burger and fries there.  At least someone would refill my drink for me, bring me my food, and I'd be in a booth where people can't bump my chair while picking up their food because they're too lazy to walk around the table to the side where there's enough space for them to get through.The decor consists of sacks of potatoes, plain tables, and white walls covered in raving reviews.  They should think about decorating with something other than the reviews so it doesn't let down their customers' high expectations.
4	I was so happy to see a 5 Guys in Phoenix.  I love their burgers and this place is just as good as the ones on the east coast.  The burgers are cooked fresh when you order them. the burger is juicy, the bacon is crispy  and the cheese melty. Delish.  You can choose from a wide selection of toppings at no additional cost.  I always get the small bacon cheeseburger and a drink. No fries.  All 5 guys fries are limp. I like my fries crunchy.  If they changed their fries I would up them to a 5 star rating.  For those that like a juicy burger reminescent  of what you make at home, with toppings customized to fit your appetite for the day 5 Guys is it.
1	My first Five Guys experience was in Atlanta. I was so impressed I looked into what it would take to open a franchise in Phoenix. Quickly discovered that they were already in Phoenix and anxiously awaited for this store to open. What a freaking let down. I agree with Justin D. Mr Owner, visit your store and crack down on the staff!!! I do not think it is the ingredients, it is the preparation. Overcooked burger and underdone fries. The staff needs to get it together. Did you even train your staff? Does the store manager know he is supposed to oversee food quality? This location's food is NOTHING compared to what I had in Atlanta. I thought the Atlanta store blew away In-n-Out. I only hope they figure it out. I'll return in a few months with hope that someone learns to cook a burger and fries properly. I mean seriously, What else is there on the menu??? The only bright side of this experience is that it can not get any worse.
4	5 Guys is great.  Love the burgers and fries, though every time we eat there we have a lot of fries leftover.  Usually get the double Bacon cheeseburger with everything and A1 sauce, fries and a drink and always leave full and happy.  Finally tried a hot dog which was Great.  You can choose the same topping for your hamburger for your hot dog. Much better than IN&OUT and your burger fast food chains.  Yes a little pricer but willing to pay more to have my food cook to order than a reheated burger.  Very friendly and happy staff. The noisy atmosphere works for me and JR, he can be a little more vocal and not bother anyone.  Mellow Yellow is good but also good to see Coke Zero on tap too.
2	5 Guys is an odd name, but whatever works for you.  This burger joint claims to be one of the best around the nation.  Just look at all the signs they post and how proud they are; granted I appreciate confidence.  Burgers here are mediocre - nothing to rave about and crave for during those sleepless nights.  Fries are my favorite since they're real chopped potatoes.  Atmosphere...what I can't hear you?  Yeah, I generally don't enjoy places where I have to debate whether to dance or eat :(
2	YES, I am only give Five Guys 2 stars! Can you believe it? Me, the woman who raved about having a Five Guys in the area. The woman, who LOVED, LOVED, LOVED Five Guys when I lived in Virgina. This Five Guys does not even begin to compare to how they do it in VA. I was so excited about getting a burger and fries today. I mean I was "cheating" by going for a burger and fries instead of working out. Walking into this Five Guys I was excited. The staff were friendly, the place was spotless, and they were getting orders out fast. So I ordered my little bacon cheeseburger with jalapenos, mustard, grilled onions and mushrooms and a order of regular fries. About 7 mins later I was out the door and headed home. The food smelled heavenly in the bag and I couldn't wait to get home to devour my meal. I get home, open the bag and grabbed a few fries. Yum, we are off to a good start. I dig to the bottom of my bag and grab my burger. I slowly unwrap it, take a bite, and say WTF? Where is the meat? I swear that burger lacked flavor and meat. I mean I remember when even the little burger was still to big. Yes I know that the little bacon cheeseburger means it only comes with one patty, but does it have to be the thinnest hamburger patty ever? I mean McDonald's even has a bigger burger than this sandwich did. I was so disappointed. The best part of my sandwich was the bacon and the toppings since the actual burger was more like spread. At least I had enough fries to feed myself and two friends and they were pretty good. So two stars. One star for the fast friendly service and one star for all the fries I could eat and for the bacon on my burger. Otherwise you get a big fat FAIL!!!!!!! I may give you a chance to redeem yourself in a few months but the next time I go, you had better bring it! PS I ended up going to work out anyway since I was so disappointed! FAIL!
4	Come on people! Enjoy a good burger (and good fries!).  It seems to me that this place is being held to some kind of higher standard for some reason.  This is a fine burger, with plenty of options for fresh ingredients.  It's a soft bun, wrapped up to make a kind of melty-mash of burger goodness.   The fries are great fresh cut natural potatoes. - just the way I like 'em.I would defiantly give 5 guys a try and find out for yourself. The times I've been there the staff has been friendly and quick. The food has been spot on.One more thing: it's NOT cheap.  It's not going to keep me away from In-N-Out, but it's a nice once-in-a-while burger.
4	Below is a general review of the two AZ locations I have been to, and at the bottom will be notes specific to this location...This place definitely is not for everyone.  If you like Mickey-D's or In n Out then you probably should just keep on walking.  But if you like a burger that was made when you order it or fries that are real potatoes and don't taste like the cup they came in then this place could be a great option.They are a little pricier than your average quick service joint, but its worth it.  The portions are HUGE, even if you order the "regular" fries and the "little" burger they are still BIG.  They don't charge per topping beyond the norm like Smashburger, and they have tons of toppings to choose from.  Would love to see a fried egg option, but other than that the majority of burger loving taste buds will find topping options that please them.  They have some non-burger choices as well, which is nice.  Hot dogs, grilled cheese (which people keep saying is a must try) and a veggie sandwich.Eating here is a 5 napkin type experience, a lil messy, a lil crazy, but oh so yummy!  Hint: if you are transporting 5 guys in your car, definitely put something between the bag and your (clothes, passenger seat, floor mat, etc..)  the grease WILL leak through the bag.I agree with a below post that the placement of peanut snacking boxes are a little awkward  (and frankly I don't get why they exist at all, but whatever)BELL ROAD Location Specific:  Easier to get to if you enter on the Bell road side.  Staff seems to be more personable than the Mill ave location (at least on the day I visited)  Parking is vast and free.
3	My Hubby & I came here for lunch this past Saturday & we thought it was pretty damn good. I got the little bacon cheeseburger & Hubs got the bacon cheeseburger (2 patties of beef). We are 1 in the same & got the same toppings: lettuce, pickles & mustard. Oh & he opted for the grilled onions which I wish I had done, too. We each got a regular order of fries as well. We should of just shared an order, more than half of the bag was filled with fries! Can't even imagine how big the large order is. We thought it was cool that they have peanuts & that you can just toss the shells on the ground, something different. For our burgers, fries & drinks it was about $22 & some change, not too bad.We will definitely come back for lunch, but not anytime soon since these kinds of places you should only eat at once in a while. We'll see if we like it as much the 2nd time around. We get easily burnt out on places like this: i.e. Culver's & In N Out.
3	Great burgers. Fast service. Not enough seating. So what, you get free peanuts? Cajun fries are nothing special. Absolutely no feeling of human/customer service presence. In and out is cheaper and better...
5	I am a Huge fan! I love a place where you can get some peanuts while you wait for your food. They use peanut oil to cook their food as well. This place is clean, friendly, and good food. What else can you ask for? I am a fan of In N out, I think they have fresh burgers too. BUT this place blows them out of the water. The burgers are cooked right there in front of you, the ingredients are always fresh and good, I love the sign telling you where their potatoes came from today. A simply menu that can be extraordinary. You can hand pick whatever you want on your burger at no extra charge. My choice is grilled onions bacon and cheese.
4	So I am only 96.27% positive that I have been to a 5 Guys in Carson, CA (South of Los Angeles, by the Ikea)So, I've read some of the other reviews, and I totally get the VISUAL comparisons to In and Out, but that's it really. The fries are a million times better!  The burgers were thicker and juicier and so flavorful! The bacon was great, the bbq sauce was tasty, the grilled onions were great, good texture not as grilled and mushy as In and Out.I think my sandwich would have been better with Cheddar rather than American cheese. The American was a little too salty for my taste, but it was still a great burger!I do have to say though, it is a bit pricey. I paid $12 for a bacon cheese burger, fries and a large drink. That's not much cheaper than Delux or Fez, and more expensive than Smash Burger.Can't wait for a second (or is it third?) visit!
4	I am totally a fan of Five Guys now.  I read an article on yahoo today about how Zagat rated this the best burger chain in the nation.  I have to say I agree they make an amazing burger.  The patties are never frozen which is really nice and shows in the taste.  The ingredients are fresh and the potato's are cut fresh with the skin on.  They use peanut oil to cook the fries in which adds a nice flavor.  I recommend getting the cajun fries they are really yummy.  Overall this is a great spot for a burger totally not good for your waistline but when you want a burger and fries do you really care about that???
4	Five Guys is good eats.  We've been eating at this location frequently (perhaps too frequently!) since it opened.Honestly, I don't think the food here is any fresher than In & Out Burger, but I like the selection of toppings (can you say, "fresh jalapenos!") and the great selection of sodas.The peanuts are a nice touch to get you warmed up for the Main Event while you wait.I personally think it's a little over-the-top to decorate the place in nothing but rave reviews (WE GET IT ALREADY!!), but the cool music makes up for the lack of ambience.Since the Zagat announcement earlier this week, it's been mobbed.  Try to avoid peak hours, unless you want to wait for a table.Five Guys is definitely pricier than In & Out, but I think the selection of ingredients justifies the premium.3 tips:-Our family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids under 10) can make do with one order of fries, though the orders have gotten smaller than when they first opened.-Ditto for the burgers.  Don't let the moniker "Little Cheeseburger" fool you.  I got the regular burger...once.  But the "Little" one is perfectly sufficient for me, especially after I load up on toppings.-Can't decide between the regular fries and the tasty Cajun fries?  Ask for a 'half-half' order and "POOF!", you'll get it!Enjoy!UPDATE: Gotta drop 'em to 4 stars.  The last several visits, the fries have been soggy.  Once they were even opaque in the center --- not cooked!  Ask for them EXTRA CRISPY!!
4	So yes I did go back within a week and yes it was still as good as it was the previous time.  I had the small cajun fries and a bacon cheeseburger and soda.  Everything was full of flavor and I was completely full with fries to spare again.  If you haven't been to Five Guys what are you waiting for?  I have been twice in a week obviously that counts for something =)
4	I used to be an In-N-Out fan but Five Guys is now my new favorite new fast food burger joint.  I think Five Guys gives you a good value for its price. The food is fresh and you can choose from a variety of toppings (from mushrooms to peppers) to add on your burger. Also, their fries are pretty good, though they are not as unique as In-N-Out's or McDonald's; I recommend ordering the seasoned ones.Be sure to tell them you want a "little" hamburger or cheeseburger or they will give you a double patty burger.
4	Yummy yum ! I ordered the little cheeseburger and cajun fries....It was really well done...I luved it and will go back soon...someday when the craving for burgers and fries strikes again !!
4	I went to five guys at noon on a saturday, even though it was extremely packed me and my girlfriend managed to get in and out with our food in about 10 minutes which surprised me. The employees were also very friendly.
5	Best burgers in town!!!! And the fries are amazing!!!
3	Check this off the list - I was waiting on the GF (who was attending a baby shower) and I wasn't even hungry, but I was determined to try this legendary burger joint. I popped in for a "little burger" with the works and enjoyed every bite. Definitely a huge step-up from Burger King and the like. They keep it simple here - simple decor, simple signs, simple food.
5	While it is not a preferred way of cooking beef. I am a fan. Service is great, Jim T was more then helpful while ordering and made the experiance even better. The place is always clean, the peanuts keep me happy and the burgers do not disappoint.
4	Good Burger, taste like a homemade burger off the grill.  Fries are good, just make sure if there is two of you to order one small fry and share, it's quite large.  Burger comes with whatever you tell them from a list of items.. Good selection and good food.
4	I feel like I'm cheating on In-and-Out whenever I eat at Five Guys. I'm going to be honest. I LOVE In-and-Out, the pride and joy of the west coast.BUT Five guys is pretty darn good. I love that you can customize your burgers. Gooey cheese... grilled onions, mushrooms, peppers what ever pleases your taste buds.  The fries were excellent and even better than In-and-Out, especially when you add their Cajun seasoning. The prices were decent (though more expensive than In-and-Out after you include their fries and drink).Is this the best fast food burger I've ever eaten? No, but it is pretty gosh darn good for fast food burgers. This is better than your average burger, so look out Culver's. I'm hungry now!
3	I finally had Five Guys. We made 800 jokes on the way, after we ordered, I swore the cashier told us to enjoy some penis while we waited. Excuse me? Oh. Peanuts. Of course, all burger joints have peanuts?! A bit bizarre, but they were tasty. We all ordered a burger to our liking and we shared cajun fries. My cheeseburger with grilled onions and jalapenos was good, it tasted like something you'd make at home. The fries were terrible. Not sure how they've earned such recognition. I like crisp fries, these were flimsy and greasy, and I wasn't a fan of cajun seasoning, either. Overall, I stand by In-N-out.
1	Lots of hype for a burger smashed into its foil wrapper and drowned in ketchup & mustard. Fries are soggy and flavorless. Staff was very nice, however.
1	So one time my friend says.. Hey .. what do they serve at five guys? My response "Dick". I thought that was funny but I'm narcissistic . So I went here. It's too expensive. I can go to In N Out and get a double double a cheeseburger and a drink for the same price as I can get one bacon burger from this son of a bitch establishment. If money isn't an issue and all you care about is taste. . you should still go to In N Out over five guys. The fact is you can't supplement awesomeness with toppings. Five guys might think it's cool like that.. "Oh hey you get all these fking toppings with this 8 dollar burger!" Then I see my bill followed by an :O face  by me. It's like the cashier glances at me and gives me the troll "Y U MAD THO?!" look. I ate this burger every single bite thinking about how much this cost me. As I am poor, I can't help but make calculations in my head constantly . It's all about value. Value is price and quality. That's all I care about until I'm rich enough to wipe my ass with Yen or something. Do you know how much a movie costs in Japan? 27 dollars. That's right. Anyways though. Avoid 5 guys, I don't care if some stupid food critic from the local newspaper gave them all these awards. It doesn't mean jack to me because awards are superficial and easily influenced. Kanye West has won awards, multitudes of them. This is the Aids of burger franchises.
5	I'm from DC and I've been enjoying Five Guys for about 8 years. I still think they are the best fast-food burgers in the business.
4	OMG this is a great burger. Better then In -N- Out. Everything is made fresh. This burger is just the right thickness. I not a huge fan of really thick burgers so this place works for me. The burgers are juicy and they have lots of toppings you can pile on. The 1 and only complaint is this is one of those places that tries to sell you fries separate. Of course they always say - our small order is enough for 2-. This bothers me cause when I go to a fast food type place I'm usually by myself and I need fries for one not fries for 2. Now your $5 burger turns into $10 when adding a drink and fries. So unless your someone that goes here to get a burger and a burger only you will never spend just $5 here. The sad thing is all the fries they are waisting when your forcing one Person to by enough fries for 2. Aside from that the burger is great but unfortunately for $10 burgers these days i can go to so many places like fez and or grinders. This place needs a combo meal for around $7 and I would stop here more often.
4	We heard so many good things about this place so we finally checked it out.  It was lot's of fun and we liked it a lot.  Not just the food but the whole concept, the look and feel.  It reminds us of something good that maybe we don't find so much anymore.
5	better then smashburger and in and out, wow. excellent. worth the drive out here.
2	Five guys, you are still letting me down. You are nowhere near as good as you were in VA. I gave you another try tonight and all I can say is WHERE'S THE BEEF? Your patties are so thin and it appears that the only way I will actually be able to taste the burger on the bun is if I order a regular cheeseburger which consist of two patties. I should be able to order a little cheeseburger and still be able to taste the actual burger. I will wait another six months or so to give you one final try here in Arizona before I give up on you all together. Sad, just sad!PS Your fries are still pretty good and the service was great but your burgers here in Arizona really do leave something to be desired .
5	Every time I drive by this place it's packed. So we decided to give it a try. The burgers are good, big and you can get your buger your way. The fries are fresh cut and you're informed of where the potatos are coming from that are making your fries. A small order of fries severs 2 no problem. Can't go wrong at this place... Will be back for sure
5	I'm not a huge meat eater but my first bite of that tasty, juicy, scrumptious burger triggered me to attack the rest cave man carnivore style.The burger was super fresh and you can put any of the fixins you want at no extra charge. I also ordered the fries which are natural cut and salted to perfection. They give you a generous portion, plenty to share. I'd never tried fries with malt vinegar but my lunch mate insisted and oh boy was it delish! Wayyyy better than ketchup. The restaurant was well kept  and the staff was friendly. We sat outside because the weather was especially nice, but the seating wasn't so comfortable, so I'd probably opt for inside next time. I will definitely be back next time I'm craving a fix for my meat eating side.
3	I finally stopped in here for the first time! First of all, the girl at the register was super nice about explaining the menu and ordering process for us first-timers. I also like the free peanuts while you wait for your order. I ordered a little burger with bacon and the bacon was fantastic. It was crispy and they were not stingy with it. My husband ordered a regular cheeseburger. He said the cheese wasn't that great. I like the fact that they are hand formed patties but mine was falling apart which was kind of annoying. The fries were really good as well and I would like to go back to try the cajun style ones. On a side note, my sister went into the bathroom while we were there and she said it was clean and smelled like cinnamon so thats a plus as well! Overall, the food was good, but nothing to die for.
4	Defiantly a fan, I have heard nothing but great things about this place but always forgot it was there until we were at the target and starving! I like the whole retro burger shop feel, and I like that the burgers come bare and you tell them what you want on it, I'm sick of having to say no onions and then even reading it on the receipt, only to get home and have an onion burger in front of me. Free peanuts are a plus too. I wasn't a life changing experience but it it defiantly great to have a solid burger joint down the street from us if we ever want a quick meal. I'll drive past a McD's for that any day.
5	Best Fast Food Burger in town!!! I go here with co-workers probably too often, but it is to good to pass up. At lunch time this place is hoppin.  Check out the cool new Coke A Cola machines you can get raspberry Sprite!!!!. Ok back to the burgers, actually burgers and dogs.. I dont' eat the dogs but I have only heard good things. The burger comes with everything and I mean everything so look at the menu and only state omissions from the toppings offerings. The Mini burger will fill you just fine and a small order of fresh fries are plenty for two people. These fries are just as good if not better then in and out!!!!!
1	One of these just opened by my house, and my husband and I were really excited to try it because everyone says such great things. I was so disappointed! I agree that the fries were limp, and I'm a crispy fry lover. The burger tasted good, but I felt pretty ill shortly after eating it. Not food poisoning ill - more like over-greased ill. I don't really eat fast food so maybe that's it, but I will not be returning.
5	By far the best burger joint that I've found around town... Smashburger comes close, but not close enough since the prices of the two places are pretty much the same.
5	Came here as a recommendation from Mike A and yes it was as great as he said it would be.  The burgers here are great, I love the casual atmosphere and set up where you pick everything you want on the burger.  They have those new cool soda fountain machines and the burger was great, I just got the cheeseburger just the way I like it and the jalapenos still had the seeds so it had a great spicy kick.  I will most definitely go back for more.  The whole meal with fries and a drink was about $9 which is good for a quality meal.
4	As far as a chain restaurant burger joint this is up there as one of the best.  I agree with other reviews sometimes the fries are little soggy.  I've been to Five Guys in three different states and their very consistent.  The burgers are always great...
5	best burger ever!!hands down five guys smashes in and out.free peanuts,mountains of fries and awesome toppings.
3	I'm normally not opposed to greasy food, but I didn't like that my burger bun was soaked. Don't get me wrong, the beef and the fries were excellent.Service was quick, staff was friendly, and their soda machine is AWESOME. Anyway, I would certainly not mind trying this place again.
4	Wow. Major overload of food here. Even the regular fries is an amazingly huge size. Granted, they are fries that have seen potatoes very recently, which equals fresh. Too much salt though. And, as a guy, no way I can go in and order one of the "little" burgers; that's what the ladies at my table ordered. So, it's gotta be the double cheese, with bacon (of course), with everything. Only problem was, I couldn't seem to figure out their newfangled soda machine. I tried to get a cherry vanilla Coke, but it came out tasting like regular Coke. Oh well, maybe next time.
4	The best burgers in town at a fast food restaurant. Cajun fries are tasty too. They have the coolest soda dispenser at this location. Hey, I never knew they had Orange and Rasberry Diet Coke.
3	Decent burgers, really friendly service, and a very basic, straightforward menu.     I was interested in trying this place out after reading all the rave reviews from all over the country so when it finally opened up in Phoenix, I decided to give it a shot.         The burgers are definitely good, done very well, the fries are great tasting too and they give you A LOT of them, if you go and order the "large fries" you're going to find a whole paper sack absolutely filled to the brim with them.            All in all, Five Guys is a nice place to grab a quick lunch, a little bit on the pricy end for fast food but there is a difference in quality between this place and the McBurgerBarns out there, that's for sure.
3	I heard the HYPE and I ventured out, not too far thank God, to try this burger joint.  I kept seeing BEST BARGAIN signs all over.  I didn't think the $20 i spent on a double burger, large fries, large drink and a hot dog was much of a bargain, SORRY!!  They advertised WHERE the fries of the day came from but ultimately I didn't care where the fries were from, they were SOGGY!!  Wast of potatoes if you ask me.  Burger was OKAY.  A lot like IN-N-OUT burger but not as good. The soda machine was cool!! For local PHOENIX burgers, I recommend LENNY'S BURGERS.   I got a double burger, a single burger, two hot dogs and two fries at LENNY'S for $20.  Far superior burger and fries, by the way.
3	Ok, I was a little torn on this one. I wanted to give it 4 stars but this is why it only received 3. THREE STAR REASONS: First, it was a little pricey. 25 dollars and some change for 1 bacon cheeseburger, 1 little bacon cheeseburger, 1 little cheeseburger, 1 regular Cajun fry and 2 regular drinks. Second, the fries even though hand cut they weren't hot and actually could have been cooked a little more, they still were a little hard in the middle. If they would have been left in the fryer a few seconds longer they totally would have reminded me of the fries my Mother made at home.WORTH 4 STARS: First, the uber cool beverage dispensers. Second, the service was fast and friendly even though they were extremely busy. Three, the burger. It was hot, gooey, loaded with all of the fresh toppings I asked for. I loved the taste of the sesame seed bun. I can't find any fault with the burger except the $5.29 price. Is it great food? No, it's good for fast food, but honestly for the $25 my husband, son and I could have had a nice lunch at a sit down restaurant for the same price. Would I go back. Yes if I was in the area and wanted a burger.
3	The Good: The Bacon CheeseburgerThe Bad: The futuristic Battlestar Galactica soda machine that dispensed diet coke that had hints of cherry, dr. pepper and sprite in it. It was like an old "suicide" drink.....except the machine actually chooses the flavors for you and it tastes like hell.The Ugly: $12.54 for a burger, fries (which could have fed a village) and a coke. I understand that their better ingredients would warrant a higher price and I actually didn't mind paying that price until after I was done.Back to the fries for a minute....the fries were pretty good, not great. I do not complain often about having too much food but the size of the order of fries for one person is just plain stupid. More than half ended up in the trash. My recommendation would be to go with another person and split a burger and fries......and drink tea or water so you do not have to deal with the T-1000 super duper drink dispenser.
3	Cheeseburgers - great, though over-priced.  Fries - plenty of them, but they are cold, greasy and limp. Blehh...
5	Visiting from the east, I was excitied to get my marathon over with so my cuz n I could introduce each other to our respective burger joints.  Thankfully, I proclaim I AM NO TRADER. And the winner, yo 5 guys.  In n out burger was cliche, cheaper, less clean, crowed, crappy fries. I declare 5 guys burger joint is the best.
5	Hands down the best burger you can get for under $20The place smells Holy Amazing when you come through the door!The burgers are incredible but you dont feel like you just ate a brick for lunch when your done.They basically give you 5 orders of fries when you ask for them and I recommend the seasoned ones.
4	One of the better burger places around. The staff is friendly and if it's your first time there, they take the time to show you the ropes.  Not that you really need ropes shown to you since they're making burgers not launching satellites into orbit, but that still makes it a bit more fun.
4	The wife was craving Five guys yesterday....so since we were in the neighborhood we decided to stop at this location. Since I don't eat red meat I had the Cajun fries which are pretty good.....but the highlight for me was my introduction to PEACH SPRITE. Five guys has introduced these fabulous Coke product machines throughout all of there restaurants and they draw long lines. You can put together many different combinations of drinks from peach sprite to coke lime......from pink lemonade to raspberry lemonade.....from grape sprite.....to vanilla coke....I mean the list goes on and on. So while this will not be one of my first choices for food....it could be a great choice for my beverages in the future.....especially for PEACH SPRITE.....yummy. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	LOVE Five Guys!
3	Nice and fattening...I really don't know what the big deal is about In n Out.  This place is way better.  I like how you can pick so many different toppings all at no extra charge.  Their cajun fries are great.  I usually dip the fries in malt vinegar (I actually told one of my friends that it's ok to eat the fries even though she was on a strict diet. In my crazy mind i think somehow the malt vinegar will cut the grease in the fries)....LOL The staff at this location is also very friendly.
5	Having lived in DC and having been to one of the originals, I've gotta say it kind of saddens me to see 5Guys go global. But I can't say I don't love being able to get 5Guys in PHX now. Because I used to have them ONLY when I was home in DC and then after my divorce and move west.. ONLY on a layover there. BEST burger I have had EVER and being from Cali where IN and OUT rules.. That means something. Always clean. Always friendly.. ALWAYS fresh huge burgers and fries to share..
3	The burgers taste wonderful and the fries are great!  They give you tons of fries, enough to share.  The "Little Burger" is plenty too and the toppings are great for no extra charge.  The location in Phoenix is more than a little crowded and hectic at lunch hour and parking is downtown parking so if you are looking for a calm, quiet lunch this is not the place to go.  Prices are a bit on the high end side too.The free peanuts are a really cute touch!
2	Burgers are bland. Whats the big deal? Fries are good. In-n-Out is much better!
5	I am not a burger girl but this place is AWESOME. We don't have one on our side of town so on the weekends if we want a good burger, we make the diverges are super fresh and fires are simple but tasty. I would recommend ordering one regular size order of fires and sharing with 2-3 people. It is really a ton of fires. Overall I highly recommend even if your not a burger lover like myself.
3	I enjoyed a double cheeseburger with no bun (wrapped in lettuce) and extra mushrooms.  I still perfer In and Out for the food and price.
4	I most certainly love Five Guys Burgers & Fries! Dude, even their hot dogs rock!
5	Best fast food burger. I love In n Out, and I think this one is better. The topping choices are unbeatable, the Little Burger is plenty for an adult, and tastes really good.  Fries are excellent, although I prefer In n Out's more. Coke machine is awesome. Coke Zero Cherry Vanilla is my personal favorite.Improvements: more condiment choices at the counter. Only ketchup available at the counter seems skimpy. Maybe decreases the clutter but different types of mustards, relish, maybe peppers would be a nice addition. I understand you can order it but I would have preferred to put the sauces on myself.Overall an super burger.
5	This place rocks. Great burger with all the fixins. Extremely fresh ingredients. Fries are awesome (cajun style, I gair-aun-tee). I have had a lot of different fast food chain burgers but this tops them all. Fatburger is very good, Fuddruckers is good, but really people? Comparing this place to In-N-Out is just silly. Way better at 5 Guys and yes you pay more but its worth it. The soda machine a lot of people complain here about is awesome. They do one thing and they do it extremely well. I will return as much as possible barring a change in pants size.
1	Overpriced, over rated. The burger wasn't good, the fries were limp.  I will never go back.  In-n-out for me...
2	I fell for the hype.Novelties like free peanuts and the new automated touch screen soda fountains, does not guarantee good food.First the french fries.  They are not shoe string fries and shouldn't be advertised as such.  You expect a crispy fry because of the lack of thickness... these are only a smidge smaller than steak fries and with that, more soggy and less crispy.  You do get a boat load of them though.Secondly, this is not fast food.  You sit and wait just like at a Fuddruckers.  Not having a wait staff to bring you your food does not make a fast food joint.  It's slower than IN and OUT, but faster than a Red Robin.There seems to be a trend in them advertising things that they are not.  Maybe I'm spending to much time watching the food network, but if you are going to say something is a certain thing, it should be, yes?I've got to agree with some of the other disappointed customers, the burgers are flat taste wise.  Having an extensive "condiment" list can't compensate for that.  The toppings pale in comparison to the quality you'd get on a double-double elsewhere.  I'm also pretty sure the grilled mushrooms are canned (try getting a grilled flavor out of something that is waterlogged)Lastly 13 bucks for a bacon double, fries and a soft drink is not worth it.Maybe being in Phoenix and having IN and OUT's for fresh burgers and Fatburger's for the expanded line of condiments (who doesn't love a fried egg on their cheese burger) just kinda spoiled me in that I can't see coming back.  Because 5 guys is kind of an expensive combination of the two, but does nothing better than them.But hey, if free peanuts is your thing, have at it.
4	My sister and I picked up lunch Saturday. We got 2 bacon double cheeseburgers and 1 large fry, the total was $20. The burger was worth every penny. They have a wide variety of toppings and the burger is made when you order it. The burger & fries were so filling that I skipped dinner that night and fell asleep shortly after I ate. I'll be back....not too soon though.
4	I went in with low expectations, and I tell ya.....Five Guys makes one hell of a double bacon cheeseburger. I don't care what ANYONE says, my burger and fries were fan-freakin-tastic! I'll be back eventually. I can't overdo it with this place otherwise i'd have a heart attack.
3	I have been meaning to try this place out for a long time but I've been hesitant because of reviews stating it's over priced. While I agree that the burgers and fries cost way too much I think the burger was delicious and the fries were as well. I never get onions on a burger but since they were grilled I had to give it a try. Yum.The fries reminded me of the fries we would have at home when I was living with my parents. We never bought frozen fries and always made our own so Five Guys were spot on. I ordered the small fries but I still couldn't finish them all. Very good though.
2	Still like the burgers here, although things have been going more and more downhill recently.     Noticed that the service has gotten somewhat sloppy and what you order may not necessarily be what you get.      The last two times I've requested BBQ sauce on my burger, I've got an absolutely dry burger with nothing on it, or I've gotten it absolutely coated full of mayo, so BBQ must be some sort of code for "surprise me."          Burgers are still pretty decent but if your order keeps getting screwed up, that's not a lot of incentive to keep coming back again and again.
4	In-N-Out, Carls Jr etc eat your heart out,  These burgers are so much better!  The fries are amazing and a large will feed a small army!  I fell for this place on a trip back east last year and am so glad they have arrived in AZ!
4	A friend and I decided to give this place a try and I'm glad we did! The staff were friendly and helpful and the food was fresh and delicious. I ordered a cheeseburger and my friend ordered the bacon cheeseburger. We both really enjoyed them.We were disappointed that the menu only included regular and little burgers. We were informed that the "regular" burgers were always two patties and the "little" burgers were one patty. How can you go wrong there? As far as I'm concerned the optimal burger to bread to condiment ratio is 2:1:1 so a "regular" burger here is perfect! We both ordered fries and the cashier asked us if we were sure? We asked why and he informed us that the large fries were REALLY large and we could probably just split an order. We said sure and looked at each other with a bit of incredulity but went ahead anyway. What the heck, save a few bucks.When our order came up there was definitely enough for us to share and there were actually too much for us to finish. Too bad those excess tasty morsels had to be discarded.The drink dispensers were high-tech and cool. Neither of us had ever seen dispensers like these and missed out on the different flavors available because of our unfamiliarity. I will definitely explore this further on my next visit. Vanilla Grape Orange Sprite/Coke anyone?One final thought... I never saw 5 guys there. The facility was staffed by 2 guys and 2 girls. I'm good with that!I may revise this in the future because I will absolutely return!
2	I have no idea what the buzz is about unless they hired a good PR agency. The burgers are as average as possible which makes the place over priced. Try Smashburger or Lucky Boy if you want a really great burger.
2	It's way over priced for what you get.  The burgers are good the frys are soggy and undercooked and they're not shoe-string like advertised.  You can go to Hamburger Works and the best burger in Phoenix.  You can get a "great big one" with everything including a large 1/2 pound of fresh beef for much less than 5 guys charges.  I also didn't like having to buy frys for 2 for $3.00.  A small burger, frys and a drink cost almost $13.  I tried it once but I won't go back.
3	Great neighborhood burger joint. I feel like even as a franchise, they haven't skipped any corners.My only qualm is that I'm highly allergic to tomatoes. Even though I do not order tomatoes on my burger, it never fails that they put one on there, and I have to tell them to remake. Not sure if they are on auto pilot sometimes, but definitely something I always check for.The soda machine used to be an attraction but I've started seeing these machines in other restaurants now.The cajun fries are tasty but I wish they were just a little more crispy and not as soggy.Fun place for a quick lunch or dinner, but the prices seem a little high for a *regular* spot.
5	This was the first 5 Guys I ever ate at. A simple, high quality burger. Meat, meat, meat! I've never had a soggy fry here. Never order a large fry, only a normal one. You get enough for two hungry guys!Good service. They get the order right, 95% of the time.  Do check at the display, though, as a dining partner got bacon when they didn't want it. Really busy, but lots of parking. Writing this review makes me hungry for one, now.
5	I'd been wanting to try Five Guys for years and finally got around to it. Definitely a better burger than your average fast food joint. The staff was super helpful and friendly since we told him we hadn't been there before. We got hamburgers, iced tea, and fries. We got the regular size fries, and small would probably have been sufficient since it was huge. The fries were really good, greasy enough but not nasty. The burgers were yummy, too. Friendly, clean, and tasty.
5	Love this place!Went yesterday with a friend and had a great burger experience. I noticed a definite "50's vibe" going on when we were greeted by a friendly worker behind the cash register.Unique burger options and love the fact that their "toppings" don't cost anything extra. Had the single cheeseburger sans onions and Cajun fries - very fresh and tasty!Was surprised they didn't have ranch dressing or cook-to-order meat (they only grilled medium well).Big fan of their soda machines! Literally had SO many options such as PowerAde (and Zero) with raspberry, grape, etc etc. You could even order Sprite with grape! Huge accolades there.Food impressed me as well as the set-up and cheery service. Great job!
5	Great burgers. And the Cajun fries are my favorite.
4	I like Five Guys.  Liked them even better when I ate buns and red meat.  Now I still eat their fries.........because they are made in a dedicated fryer.  See there is no other item on the menu that they make in their fryers so I don't need to worry about being glutened there.Awesome!  Oh, and said fries?  Done in peanut oil so they are beyond YUM!They are also very good about doing a bunless burger for you with extra toppings if you cannot eat one.  I've had them bunned (before celiac dx), bunless (while still eating red meat) and none...........The only bummer here is there are only burgers and fries and drinks on the menu.  No chicken sandwich.........so I cannot even order a bunless chicken.  That makes for only fries I can eat.  Luckily, my family can eat here and get me fries and I can run next door to Chipotle for a bowl and everyone is happy!Oh, did I tell you that I mix mayo and catsup together for my fries?  Try it.  You'll love it or be grossed out by it.  Yeah.
2	Five Guys is a chain-franchise masquerading as a local burger joint. Their burgers are all right but overpriced and greasy
1	I cannot for the life of me understand the hype with this place. The meat is unseasoned and all of their topping are so basic I could probably do a better job just cooking at home. There is absolutely nothing about this place that makes it worth going to and I think people need to stop jumping on bandwagons just because they can.
5	5 stars for an upscaled fast food burger joint.My daughter enjoys this place, and when we are in the neighborhood, we will lunch here.  Prices are obviously posted, so you know going in this is not a $1.00 burger.  But you get what you pay for, and Five Guys is no exception. Expect a simple starter burger around $4.5, big old bacon cheeseburger checks in at under $8.EVERY time, the order is accurate.  The fries are made of REAL potatoes, served  very hot, fresh, super yum. One regular order easily  covers two people. I love how you can choose any number of add-ons and condiments and there's no extra charge- this includes extra cheese, grilled onions, grilled jalapenos, etc. And there's a huge assortment of condiments to choose from.  You can also get your burger wrapped in lettuce or as a bowl if you don't want a bun. The burger itself is made of high quality beef.Casual environment, music playing when we've been there.  It's clean, employees are very friendly.
4	I have been to five guys on several occasions. Love the burgers and fresh fries. On this visit the man running the register gave us great advice on ordering fries a certain way which saved me some cash and still gave my family plenty of fries.  This isn't the cheapest burger joint in town but the food is good and fresh. It's a nice treat and a good break from the usual fast food grind.
4	Great Burgers I love those, great Quality n Quantity, best burger place in town.
5	Had an excellent experience at this Five Guys about a weeks ago. Everyone working there was just so pleasant especially the guy taking our order. He had a huge smile on his face the whole time. The employees all seemed to be happy & had a good flow going as they made the burgers. The line moved quick & we got our food pretty fast. & the food was absolutely delicious!! I loved it!! The little cheeseburger is big & delicious & the little fries are big enough for two. I feel weird giving a fast food restaurant 5 stars but I have no reason to mark it down. Will most definitely return.
5	Food is always fresh. Staff is very friendly! The best Five Guys in Phoenix.
5	The ownership of this place is fantastic.  I came in tonight and unbeknownst to me at the time my bank thought there was fraud on my card and they blocked it so it kept declining.  I didn't have cash on me and was about to leave but the awesome owner bought my dinner and told me not to worry about it.  Great guy that runs this Five Guys. Next time I come in I'll have to tip the jar big.  Really awesome experience.  Thank you!
4	I'm not really much of a burger person, but these are so good!  My son, who is the ultimate burger lover,  rated these in his top 2! Very Friendly staff and clean! Also, they have the coolest pop machine ever and the music rocked!
4	From working for three different five guys locations the staff could use a little more energy. I know what the business is all about because I was a former employee for them back home in California for about three years. They could use some energy! However I'll give them quality on their burgers. Every time we've gone in our burgers were perfect. I usually get no bun and do a lettuce wrap.. their lettuce is on point. Green and fresh! They also aren't stingy with their barbeque sauce!  Yay! My only complaint about the food is the fries. A little soggy and not really fresh. Could use some work on that. But overall, I love five guys!
4	Yes. Yes, yes, yes.  Burgers aren't complicated; they require only subtle touches to be incredible.  Great quality meat, perfect coming temperature, fresh, wholesome additions, and of course a bun which isn't wholly sugar... Five guys gets every point right, and particularly at this location, I am constantly and consistently impressed with the care taken in delivering a product worthy of the high praise the chain already receives. Can't be beaten for value, for quality, for taste.  Excellent.
3	Wanted a burger for dinner and wanted to try something new. My first impression wasn't the greatest. They have bags of their french friends and boxes of oil all over the place as a display! Is this their idea of decor or did they just run out of room in the back? The music is SO LOUD you can't even think. I can barely hear the girl as I was trying to give her my order. You mean to tell me the $6.99 cheeseburger is ONLY a cheeseburger? No fries or anything with it? Almost $12 for a cheeseburger and fries? NO DRINK. That's crazy!! I didn't realize it was that expensive until I was ordering and I didn't want to embarrass myself and walk away. I figured I'd try it.I do have to say, the food is very good. Fries were delicious. Burger was good too but really sloppy. Would I go again? Probably not. The price is just out of control! $12 for a burger and fries is just insane! Whataburger and In-n-Out has food that's just as delicious, right down the street, and literally HALF the price. Good food but nothing to write home about. I just can't get over the price!
