5	Look for the huge antique sign floating above the two story building of windows that give this place a retro cosmopolitan look.  Inside, 'the after dinner mint' green walls, you'll find a baby grand piano probably sporting a pleasant and gifted young lady tickling the ivories.  Note the huge brandy snifter at her feet awaiting gracious greenbacks.  This is a great spot for light eats and (my favorite) desserts!  What began as a bakery now offers in addition to delectable fresh bread; fabulous brie and fruit platters, along with fresh wholesome salads that would make a lion change it's carnivorous ways and fill his tummy.  I believe a nice wine list is featured here as well.  Open for lunch; open late and in great proximity for apres theatre treats makes for the perfect spot to "oooohhhh..." about the latest show.  Bring a sweater, I usually find this place a little chilly for my thin skin.  Moderately priced.
3	My Florist is indeed a find.  Willo Bread is based next door and the Willo Store next door is wonderful.  Breakfasts are great.  From a simply delicious ciabatta roll with butter and homemade jam to frech toast or an omlette, everything is fresh and delightful.I've been going to MFC since it first opened and only had a beer and wine license and nothing was "cooked" except panini. Thankfully, it now has a full bar and kitchen now.  This is a great place for the hours in between meals because you can generally find something to please everyone.  It can get busy, but the wait usually moves quickly.I love a lazy Sunday morning with the paper and a Mimosa at the bar.The best, however, was walking into the restaurant with a friend and his mom.  He's a Phoenix native and she's been here since the 40's.  As soon as we walked in, she declared, "This is the florist shop where I ordered my wedding flowers!"  What a great memory and moment for us!Enjoy!
3	Go ahead... laugh. I'm sure I'm not the only person who thought that My Florist is actually a place to buy tulips. Done laughing? Good. My Florist is a cool little restaurant with a hip vibe to it and a fairly simple menu. The breakfast menu includes breakfast sandwiches, yogurt and oatmeal. The lunch menu offers many salads, sandwiches and wraps. There is always a substantial lunch crowd during the week and parking does become an issue. After 3pm, other menu items such as cheese plates and antipasto become available along with the standard sandwiches, burgers and the like. You also have a decent selection of wines to choose from to compliment your meal. Wednesday through Saturday nights from 7pm to Midnight, a piano player can be found banging away on a concert grand Steinway for your pleasure. The Saturday night that I went, I was treated to the most amazing medley of music from the classic Nintendo game "Super Mario Bros." I have ever heard on a piano. Of course, that's the only time I've heard a medley of music from a classic video game played on a piano but it was amazing nonetheless.There seems to be a bit of miscommunication regarding the hours of operation though. The website boasts that they are one of the few restaurants in Phoenix that have a kitchen that stays open until midnight. However, when I walked in last week for an after work dinner date, I was informed the kitchen closed in "five minutes" (roughly, 10:30 pm) and I had to scramble to make last minute plans elsewhere. Borderline hip, yet casual (and with a full bar), My Florist is a nice change for your dining-out experience.
3	This is an "on the one hand" kind of place.  On the one hand, it's an awesome location, a very cool space, and it's beautiful on the inside.  On the other hand, parking is pure evil and they are small enough that waits can be some time during peak hours.  On the other hand, they have valet parking so you can pay to not have to deal with parking.   On one hand, they serve fun breakfasts and simple nice lunches.  On the other hand, they don't really "cook" much.  It's like they bake or heat generally.  While what they do is good, sometimes it's only when dining there that you realize what you're missing.  Like, oh... dinner??  Seriously - would it be that hard to throw on some hot pasta dishes to the menu?  I mean, the closest thing they have to dinner is a tuna melt.  I can be drinking from the bar and listening to classical music, but my dinner will be a tuna melt?  Hmmmm...... Kinda kills it for me.I also had the "we're not open late tonight" experience mentioned in other reviews. Only tried it once, but after a successful "dinner" there, I don't think I'll be going again after 4pm unless they change their menu.  My final thoughts on My Florist is that when it was the only game in town (How many cool downtown eateries were there when this opened?) it could do and be whatever it wanted and folks would still flock.  There are some other great spots opening up.  One wonders if they may need to adapt a bit to keep their current "elite" position.
3	Um, this place doesn't have a stove, so consider yourself warned.  I learned this when I was feenin for some brunchy starch to soak up the previous night's damage.  Now I've been here for lunch a few times, and have had great service and good food, but have had salads both times.  Good salads, btw, but not too difficult to mess up either.Here goes the exchange during brunch.Me:  I don't see it on the menu, but could I order a side of potatoes or hash browns with the Southwest Breakfast Burrito? Server:  We don't serve potatoes.  We actually don't have a stove, so we couldn't do it if we wanted to. Me:  (Now I'm curious, knowing that frittatas are started on a stove before baking.) Well, how do you make the eggs and frittatas without a stove?Server:  Well, everything for brunch is prepared in advance and then reheated. Me:  So, you bake everything and then reheat it in a microwave upon ordering?Server:  Yes, kind of.Not exactly what I wanted to hear, but I shrugged off the lack of potatoes and stove and ordered anyways.  Ordinarily I would have thought twice about this, BUT:Our party was already seated.I was working off the hangover.I was HONgry as hell, and We were already sipping our mimosas and bloody marys. (Extra points for the alcohol, btw.)The food was better than the crud I expected considering it was reheated in the microwave.  Ugh.  The southwest burrito came with egg, cheese, green chile, and bacon.  I ordered a cherry Danish to compensate for the lack o spuds.  It was so tasty, flaky with a heaping pile of cherries and glaze on top. I had a taste of the prosciutto and mushroom frittata and it didn't taste too bad either.The interior was every bit as nice as everyone suggested with brightly colored walls, fresh flowers everywhere, and someone strumming on the piano. By the time we left (about 11 AM) it was getting quite busy with a steady stream of 30 - 40 something Central Phoenix types.  They even got a boatload of purple shirt, red hat ladies, which moved the average age of us inside up a decade.Typically this would be a two star (or less) place, but the alcohol w/brunch set-up and nice digs moves it ahead a star.  The next time I'll just grab me an Egg McMuffin and belly up to the bar here for a morning libation.
5	I love My Florist Cafe. The sandwiches and salads are excellent, the hours are late and it's quirky enough to stay interesting. Casual enough that I don't mind swinging by on the way back from a Coyotes game, but nice enough that I don't feel like I'm slumming it. Phoenix needs more restaurants like this.And parking is much better now with the North parking lot.
3	When I first moved to Phoenix a few years back I lived by PV Mall. Most of the restaurant selections there are of the chain variety. Chili's. Island Burger. Outback. Blah, blah, blah. Yuck, yuck, yuck. Then my roomie took me to My Florist. Upon entering this delicious, open, artsy, space, I heard angels sing. Had the Phoenix culinary heavens finally allowed me to enter? Has the mundane hell of robotic chain service combined with predictable and flavorless fare finally fanned its way out my new life in Phoenix? Had it? Had it? Well, yes and no.  My first experience was a bit tarnished as I sat with my roomie and the owner and was getting the VIP treatment. We noshed on fabulous cheeses, jams and breads. Drank endless amounts of champagne. Excuse me, but is your hand on my knee? Hmm...didn't care. Was having fun. Sampled an array of average to pretty good desserts. Servers seemed afraid of said owner. I was tipsy, flirty and fresh meat in a new town. Oh did I mention I also could have used a manager or server job? That said, I had a fun night and couldn't wait to go back. Well, I've been back several times. Here's what I think. The sandwiches can be yummy but are quite small. Salad can be good, but not always cold and fresh. Stick with the cheese and bread type thing, get hammered on some champagne and all is well. It can be hard to get service here as I have left twice after not even being said hello to. When I was there they had an amazing pianist play in the evenings. I couldn't believe guests actually had the nerve, the nerve I say, to ask her to play softer! Ugh! Go home to your Siamese and a Lean Cuisine honey. All the best yelpers!
4	Lovely place?  Yes.  Slightly overrated?  Yes.  Should you give it a try? Definitely!For what it is, My Florist is fabulous.  Up scale casual lunch-type dining, the ingredients are always fresh and they put some good spins on classic sandwiches.  The service is sometimes slow, though very friendly. The ambiance is good aswell.That said, I think that it could be much more.  If they came up with a dinner menu with at least two or three actual warm meals (something you don't pick up with your hands), I think this place could be a much better destination.On the other hand, their breakfast is an old standby alternative to being greasy and overstuffed at IHOP or the like.So frequent My Florist Cafe (my mom had a good time here for her birthday), but I recommend breakfast when you're not in a rush.   And if you decide it's not for you, their spectacular baked goods are avaliable next door at Willo Bakery for take-away. BTW, parking is limited.
2	I remember driving down the alley a while ago and passing a garbage can with a rather sophomoric retort to the restaurant's quickly declining food quality. While callow, I admit to having giggled and nodding. Accurate, in a sense, that the phrase was "Puke Bread". Basically, yeah. I am somewhat biased, as I did work there for a bit, but in this particular scenario, I feel I can identify what other reviewers have noted in regards to the service. Just so you know, yes, the servers are nonplussed about you being there. No, they don't actually like the food, and chances are, they have a different manager than they had the week before.So, why two stars you ask? Have you SEEN the martinis? Whew. Worth my $10.
2	After reading about the lack of a stove makes me not want to give a good review...   I do know what another reviewer means when you walk in the door and everyone kind of stares at you and you don't know who to talk to.  I have ordered take out from here a couple of times and there is a counter next to the bar with a sign above it that says Take Out.  So I walk up there and server after server will walk up to use the computer but no one will say a word to me unless I say something to them.  Not good customer service.  The food is always good, but like I said at the beginning knowing what they do in the kitchen makes me wonder why they charge so much for the food.
3	Kinda a weird place inside ... very open which gave me feeling I was eating in a fish bowl ... food was okay
1	My Florist Cafe is misunderstood - by nearly everyone. Living in Phoenix you get used to how things are. If you own a food spot, it's either a coffee shop, a bar, or restaurant. Much like the clear zoning lines between residential and commercial, Phoenix food spots are either this or that, and rarely allowed to be anything else - it would be too confusing.So while the complaints about My Florist cover a variety of subjects from the lousy menu, the lousy food, and the lousy service, it's only compounded by the fact that when you enter My Florist, you're expecting to enter an actual restaurant. Someplace you can get hot food, drinks and listen to jazz music while sitting there pretending you're in a completely different city. One that's more metropolitan, one that's more urban and cool, one that doesn't shut down at 10 o'clock.My Florist Cafe fails, consistently and miserably. Oddly, years of bad service, bad food, and surprisingly boring bread haven't stopped people from giving this place a chance. Over and over again.Sure they have one of the best jazz pianists in all of Phoenix (at least that you can find easily without having to be in any sort of music circles), but is that really enough? With the servers dressed up, disappearing regularly and delivering plates full of hard, nearly unedible bread, while having no knowledge at all about any of the wines they're suggesting, why do people continue to frequent this place?I think our expectations are too high. Take away the bad service, don't expect too much out of the food, disregard any of the servers suggestions regarding wine and what do you have? Probably one of the more unique atmospheres you can find in Phoenix. For the price and the location, there really isn't anything like the ambiance you'll get at My Florist Cafe.With an upscale decor, enough tables to comfortably fit a small group, the jazz piano in the background and the hum of coversation filling the room, I would dare say that there isn't anything like this anywhere else in Phoenix. Sure there are different places to go such as Chez Nous, but comparing the two would be wrong. Where Chez Nous is a great, dark, soulful R&B lounge, My Florists is excellently open and bright.However, in the end My Florist Cafe has spent years and years unchanged. You can only say a restaurant could be so much more for so long. After a while, you decide to give up on it. You decide that it really won't change. You decide that for some unknown reason, the servers are different every week and so are their managers - but at least the woman playing piano can generally be counted on.My advice? Try My Florist once a year. Don't order any food, and definitely don't order any bread. Bring some friends, order a bottle of wine of your own choosing, not the server's suggestions, and have a great time in one of Phoenix's few unique cafes.
3	A few years ago, while i was still developing my palate, i thought this place was great.  Now, i regard it as what it pretends *not* to be, and that is a light-lunch spot for salads and sandwiches. I'm not necessarily 'dogging' this place.  Not at all.  I've enjoyed quite a few lunches here and having a glass of wine is really enjoyable with a salad or a sandwich in midday and in midtown.  But so many people go over-the-top when rating this restaurant.  Its a neat little place ... I adore the large windows looking out onto McDowell, the retro billboard above the structure, and the fact that this corner is the entryway into the most funky part of Phoenix ...  it has quite a few interesting things going for it.  So, My Florist gets an appropriate rating of 3 stars.
2	I remember when I used to sit with proprietor David L. at Biltmore C.P. (not CPK, you freak) and listen to him get passionate about this modular bakery concept thing where he could use the best ingredients and still make it inexpensively. Willo Bread was born.I also remember when I was little going to My Florist for FLOWERS. Over the years, the strip mall saw many tenants come and go and seemingly at just the right moment, David picked up one of the suites and began his bakery project. After its extreme success with local AJ's and "fine" restaurants around town, he expanded to the old flower shop (converting it to a restaurant), its loft overhead and the adjoining suite for the grocery.Perhaps it was my third visit that was the one I shan't forget. I am a pianist and have played professionally here and there over the years. After hearing just one selection by SAVANT [Nicole?] I was so discouraged I resolved never to play again. I hate her (not really) for being so good. Try going up to talk to her and you'll see what I mean. She's clearly multi-tasking on 7 or 8 different threads, one of which is to talk with you. I've seen her on the phone while playing with one hand, reaching out to the nearby table while playing with one hand, totally looking the opposite direction for minutes at a time, and more. Total Savant.She easily has the entire repertory of all music in her head, but for her it is not the music itself, but the concepts of the music from which she plays. She can play the entire soundtrack from Nintendo's Super Mario Bros. It's uncanny. Ask her to play a classical piece, and only because you know the exact note order, phrases and timings do you realize that she's pretty close, but not exact. Who cares? She could play against Mozart in dueling pianos and he'd end up on the floor gasping in and out of a paper bag.At some point David bought her a concert Steinway, well deserved.Other than the place where [name?] played during her lifetime, My Florist will have no other mark on the history of Phoenix. To those of us still alive wishing we could add our own marks on history, our screaming and YELLING about the poor service, useless bartenders and ridiculous menu will be but whispers against her virtuosity. But let me make my attempt.Seeing my favorite bottle of gin on the shelf, I ordered my martini: "Sapphire martini, straight up, stirred (!!!) with a twist". What came back was a brown thing that looked like chocolate milk. "Oh, I thought you ordered an espresso martini." Tell me, does Sapphire sound like "espresso" to you? My answer is... only to someone who has NO CLUE about what a real martini is. Do me a favor and don't insult the reputation of Bombay Sapphire: please instead display and serve Gordon's.After a recent performance of the Arizona Broadway Theater, we joined the cast as they gathered for a late dinner and drinks. After the 25 of us ate and drank, we spent the next 55 minutes (no joke) figuring out the bill because they couldn't split the check, not even in half. forGET it! (don't you forget CASH -- in small denominations -- if you're going with a group).If from the limited menu you think you can picture the four tubs of ingredients and sauces in the kitchen, mixed in all the possible 10 ways on the menu, it's because you can: the Dole European Lettuces variety salad mix is the same on every single plate, the same olives and olive oil or orange and apple wedges garnish every dish, and the same bread (yes, it can be good if you buy it first thing in the morning), is sliced and toasted to make you think it isn't as old and hard as it actually is.Not to say that the bread isn't good. Just know that when bread is made this way (without all the nasty chemicals and preservatives), and then is exposed to AIR, it gets hard. Eat it within a few hours of being baked. My advice is to go to the grocery first thing when it opens and try to get one of the 4 willowich sandwiches available daily (scrumptious ham, cheese, basil and add vinaigrette) before they go. You'll have to beat me, so get up early.
4	I have only ever been here for lunch...I went today with my wife and family and had a  wonderful lunch.  We ordered the nachos, which were just crostini and melted jalapeno cheese, served with avocado and salsa.  It was simple and delicious and actually a surprise in how good it was.  I ordered the BLT with gumbo and was very pleased...It was very tasty and just the right size.  My wife had the portobello sandwich and it was also great...     What made me want to review it was the bread!  It's made next door at Willo bakery and is a  testament to local goodness.  Fresh, soft and crisp where necessary, the bread was simply fantastic!  It says a lot about the direction of food in Phoenix when owners of different establishments can create a relationship that benefits the palette of the public...My Florist Cafe is a great Phoenician lunch spot that is simple, sublime and fairly priced.  I recommend anyone to go as soon as possible!
2	eh.  not someplace I would CHOOSE to go to ever again.  We tried it out a few times, as it was close to our gallery when we had it.  I always expected something great and never got it.  Also, the service was never good and they always either messed up Gary's order or brought him out something completely different.
3	My Florist is cooler than it is good. I think most people dig this place because it's downtown, close to "the arts" and has a funky name. Other than that it's kind of just okay.The food is really overpriced for what you get. It's not like I'm cheapie McCheap - I'm happy to pay whatever - but I expect something worthwhile in return. The food is aight. The service is aight. Everything is aight.It's not BAD, just overrated. Maybe grossly. I'll eat here from time to time, but I won't go out of my way.
1	ahh well once again this is a place I go becasue others I am with suggest we go. Not once has anyone I have ever been with has ever had a good meal. This of course includes me. A lot of money for beyond bland. I will speak up if anyone ever trys to convince me to go again. I would rather Jack in the Box down the street. At least I can get yucky food for three dollars there.
1	Okay, I am not sure what has possessed me to return to this place after my first experience there.  The only thing that I can think of is that the passage of time dulled my senses and made me forget about my prior experiences, but I have written myself a note reminding myself to avoid this place in the future. This restaurant has survived on the hype of being one of the only "nice" places downtown, but luckily that has changed.  I went there for dinner one night and because I did not feel like ordering a $20 salad, I decided to order a $15 sandwich.  THe only thing that I can think of is that upon hearing my order the "chef" immediately ran down to the nearest vending machine and got a roast beef sandwich out of that vending machine, took the sandwich out of the plastic wrap and plopped it down on the plate and actually had the gonads to serve it as if they made it!  It was by far the worst meal I have had in some time and is a constant reminder why I will not eat there again, unless my Alzheimers kicks in.  If you have to go there my recommendation is that you eat before hand and simply order a martini.ikk8ide 2ccccccc.
4	Half of Bottles of Wine!  Open 7A to  12A 7 Days a Week.My Florist displays one of the Valley's largest sings and salad menus. The story of name comes from an old flower shop and the current owners of My Florist continued to use the sign and name.The  fresh products, from the bread to the veggies and fruits equals four stars to me.  The service is friendly and the servers know their stuff but I have never been blown away by the service operations.   Dessert,Amazing, This is a place that I will drive to just to have a dessert and perhaps some wine to go along with it.  The place takes reservations late so don't be afraid to stop in late.   LIve music Tuesday - Sunday.  Nicole Pesce plays the piano W-S  ((Please Send me a message if you know of any other restaurants with live music))The relaxed atmosphere is created by a very open dinning area.  And don't forget to go next door during the day to visit Willio Grocery. I'm amazed how different the reviews are for the restaurant.  Please see for your self and see why so many people yelp (good or bad) about the place.
2	This is THE place to be if you want to catch the Ethel Merman of piano players.  Nicole Pesce pounds out those keys for the benefit of the BACK row, baby!  Whenever Nicole's there (most weekend nights) the BF and I try to sit as far away from her as possible and I always tell the person seating us, but it doesn't seem to matter.  Apparently the show must go on.  Nicole plays well, but she doesn't need to bang away at the keys of her concert grand.  The dining room is fairly small and made up of hard surfaces, so the acoustics are good enough for softer piano playing.  I was once subjected to sitting next to the piano when I was there with a group and there was no other seating option.  This was in the old days when it would take an hour and a half or longer for a salad.  It was like being banished to a really, really loud dining/show tune purgatory.  In fairness, I have also heard Nicole play at the brunch at the Ritz-Carlton and there she tones down the volume and you can really appreciate her significant talents.  At My Florist, be sure to watch her bounce her head along to the beat as she looks around the room; it's like getting a show along with your mediocre dinner.A number of reviewers wonder why My Florist survives when the food and service are okay at best.  Sure the bread is as hard as a rock because it doesn't contain any preservatives and you can only get a sandwich or a salad, but My Florist is one of the few restaurants in the immediate area that serves dinner late.  On the flip side, you'll be paying too much and the service will range from spotty to surly.  I think many of the male servers and bar tenders are hired more for their looks than their restaurant experience.  This ups the gay vibe, which is nice, but it doesn't help the place run smoothly.  If there were more late night dining options in the area, I don't think My Florist would enjoy the business that it has.  As an aside, if you're wondering why the menu is limited to sandwiches and salads, it's because the kitchen is set up as a bakery.  They've got an oven, but they don't have a stove.  I skip breakfast here because they're prepping your eggs in a microwave.The decor is modern and spare; like AZ-88 and Postino had a love child.  One of my most memorable dining experiences was one afternoon when I was having lunch at My Florist and the sun was shining on the south side of the restaurant and it was pouring rain on the north side of the restaurant.  That's a good analogy for My Florist Cafe.  It's got style, but the food and service are okay at best.  If AZ-88 ran without a stove, the food would be similar to what you get at My Florist.    My Florist if fine so long as you go there with very limited expectations and a small appetite.  It's a gussied up sandwich and salad place that makes it due to a lack of competition.  Bang on, Nicole, bang on!
1	The jazz pianist is fantastic.Otherwise the food sucks & the place just creeps me out.BOTTOM LINE: Great piano music does not make a great restaurant
4	Okay, I'm going to try and redeem this place.I'll start by saying the reason people come here, or bring out of town visitors (should be on your list for that) is Nicole.  I've been to many a piano bar and I don't think I've ever seen anything like her.  You try and text message your friend while playing Clocks by Coldplay!They serve sandwiches and salads.  The most expensive thing on the menu is $13.  They're not serving foi gras or a 5 course tasting menu.  If you're looking for that, head to Scottsdale.The purpose of ordering the food here is to be able to soak up the half-priced bottle of wine you'll inevitably be ordering.  Or, maybe the monster-sized martinis.  Much like the size of the drinks, the food portions are also quite big.  I very rarely leave without a box.If you have room, the desserts are YUMMY.  The Tuxedo, Chocolate Lava Cake, and the "Tira Tini" are all great.  I suspect the others  are too.So, ignore the naysayers and check it out after 7pm Wed-Sun so you can hear the pianist.  If you can get a table up close, go for it.  (no it's not too loud).  You can't leave before Nicole plays her version of Flight of the Bumble Bee, so drink slowly or get your $10 out to request it.  Phenomenal.
1	I'm pretty sure I've figured the conundrum of My Florist out, because it is nothing if not a challenge to logical reasoning everywhere.  See if you agree...People who rave about it - because you know they're out there, we've all heard them - live in places like Scottsdale, or Tempe, or Gilbert, or Mesa, or Peoria or CHANDLER. And they're woman of a certain age demographic. And they wear floral prints and drive a Lexus and have above average but spiritually empty occupations. They have a couple of kids who excel in school and play sports. For these wonderful women who I don't understand on any level, it's home. It's a place to go and eat the food they're supposed to be eating and drink the iced teas they're supposed to be drinking and talk about their lives and enjoy each other. One recommendation. I hate hate hate valet parking. I HATE it so much. Once they broke my convertible top and additionally couldn't figure out how to drive my Prius. I won't turn over my keys to them. I park across the street. I do what I have to do. Get rid of it. Die die die... So anyway, the food is blander than bland. The servers are friendly enough but it's always been slow in my experience. I just don't get it other than it fits exactly one demographic and they drag the rest of us there. I'm sorry if I've offended you with this analysis. But if the shoe fits.
4	I, apparently, am one of the few people that actually likes My Florist.  I think that all you need to know is that the Jazz pianist kicks ass.  Seriously.  She is fantastic.  Just get a drink, sit at the bar and listen. You don't need a $12 foo foo drink, just get a coke (or a tea, which is chai and yummy).The atmosphere is "wine bar."  There are gay men more feminine than me on dates.  There are yuppies. There are snooty old people.  DUH. Come on people!  If you live downtown, you have encountered all of these people in your day, and you came out all right. I am way more hippie than yuppie, and I survived.  (Side note:  Why are there 57 "wine bars" in downtown Phx?  Can we get a variety here?)MF has a decent selection of vegetarian items, and everything that I have tried has been good, but this is not the reason to go to MF.  The pianist is.So.  Go here.  Try some good bread (made right next door), and listen to that pianist.  She is awesome.  I want to have her babies.
3	I finally went to My Florist. What do I have to say? The sign is really pretty. Ok to be fair. I went during lunch on a Sunday. The food was average. The light in the room is really beautiful. The decor is typical and what I expected, but still nice. I had a salad. Our server was quirky and a little bit fun. I really enjoyed the company. I don't have much to add, except to say...Dallas hit the nail on the head. This is an average restaurant, in a great location, with some attractive elements (piano player, swank appearance in a grassroots area, etc).
2	After going to My Florist for  Sunday lunch, I'm in with the less-than-thrilled-with-it group of yelpers.   The place was half-empty (guessing that most people were elsewhere for brunch as opposed to lunch) and yet we were ignored by our waiter (multiple requests needed for him to procure us water, coffee, utensils).  Moreover, the reuben sandwich was bland, while the asparagus salad tasted mostly of canned artichoke.  The place is cute, but I would need either better food or better service for me to go back.
4	I really enjoy this place for a relaxing dinner.  They really know how to do a great salad and it's defiantly a plus when it's half off bottles of wine night.
2	We went to My Florist with four other people we met through Yelp. The idea was to have brunch (it was 11 am on a Sunday), but when we arrived and were seated, we were extremely disappointed to find out that they were no longer serving brunch! It was pretty hard to recover from this blow, but we were hungry and already seated, so we had to force ourselves to abandon dreams of pancakes and eggs and pick something from their lunch menu. I chose the portobello sandwich ($10.25), and my husband got the roast beef sandwich ($12.50). We both also got Bloody Marys. Both the sandwiches and drinks were disappointing. The portobello sandwich was ok, although the mushroom was a little overcooked and rubbery and the foccacia was a bit greasy. My husband's roast beef sandwich was even worse, though. Not only was the roast beef far from "rare," as the menu promised it would be, but it looked like My Florist had picked up Subway's leftover cold cuts and repackaged them in a sandwich that cost 3 times the price. The cheddar also tasted super standard (think Kraft singles). For $12.50, the sandwich should have tasted a lot more premium that it did. We did enjoy the light and bright atmosphere inside the cafe and thought it was a good environment for conversation (not too loud, but not quiet and awkward), but were very disappointed with the food. If we actually wake up early enough on a Sunday to make it there before 11, we might give this place another chance for brunch, but since we don't live that close, we probably won't go out of our way to come back.
4	i could be one of the last people on earth to try this place... but i am a fan... i went there for a date and thought it was a perfect for it.  the food is pretty light... salads and sandwhices... they have a pretty good wine list... i tried one called Kung Fu woman or something like that and enjoyed it... the best part my female friend picked up the tab... oh yea even on a tuesday night they had a singer... check it out...
4	I love My Florist. I miss this place now that I've moved to Indy; however, I visit every few months when I return to PHX. LOVE 1/2 price wine, LOVE the pianist (she is absolutely incredible!), the food is great. My favorite is the caprese salad. But my all-time favorite (I would almost fly back to PHX just for it) is the Chocolate Lava Cake...talk about food-gasm! I never believed there was such a thing until I had a bite of their Chocolate Lava Cake! Be prepared for a lengthy wait on weekends; but its worth it. My girlfriends and I have a lots of memories...as we've spent many fun and sad evenings there (the night before I permenantly left PHX). Ah, I miss My Florist Cafe
5	I mean, they just do it right.  Everything from their service, to the quality of the food, to the bathrooms, to the piano music, to their professionalism, it's just spot on.  I have been frequenting My Florist for several years.  They were one of the first places that started to change the way I felt about Phoenix....  They sort of teetered the totter that was heavily leaning in the direction of "the people are losing the fight in Phoenix.  Corporate takeover is assured."  Breath of fresh air to walk in and see a lot of the same wait staff that has been there for several years.  That says a lot.  The food is delicious.  Very fresh.  Very artisan, far from run of the mill, but still simple and not overly ridiculous.  The portions are large.  Large sandwiches, enormous delicious salads.  The servers are full of fabulous suggestions, and their daily specials are amazing.  I've been there many times, and I don't think my beverage has ever gotten empty without being offered a refill, and they have never failed to check back with me to see how everything tastes.I always tip extremely well here, because it is deserved.  In fact, I randomly ran into one of the servers at another establishment, and he just couldn't think of where he knew me from (me either) and then his eyes got bright and he said, "Oh wait!  you come into My Florist!  You're a great tipper!".  So next time you are pondering whether or not to leave the extra coupla dollars (c'mon, you know you'll just blow it on something stupid), leave it for your server when provided with great service.  My Florist is a place that recognizes their fan-base, and consistenly comes through.  I recommend the brie salad, the turkey and brie sandwich, and any of their soups.  Yes, I like brie.  It's freakin delicious, okay.
3	I've had pretty good experiences here. Not "unforgettable" but I'll definitely be back. I will start by echoing the half off bottles of wine thing.....fabulous. You know I like to get my vino on... and if you don't know, now you know. I have been twice now and I'll tell you, the service at the bar is fantastic. My first experience I only tried the spinach artichoke dip, which was just okay... and had something called a tira-tini for desert (which was tiramisu  in a sort of metal martini glass). It was AMAZING and I am soooooo not a desert person. The bartender that waited on us was very sweet and knowledgeable and let us try a couple of different types of wine before deciding. The second time I went to My Florist I had The Portobello Sandwich which was also pretty good...once again, not great but better than anything I would make at home so worth the trip. My only suggestion regarding the food is to focus on individual flavor a little more. Everything that I've had here other than dessert has been a little bland. That said, I still enjoyed my experiences and the service and I will return.
2	OK food at best. The bread is the only good part of anything. 7 dollar peanut butter and jelly? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? The only reason that I would ever go to My Florist Cafe is because my parents enjoy going.If you enjoy good piano music, there is an excellent pianist who plays there every so often.So much potential, so little of it realized.
4	This is all I have to say regarding My Florist:Do yourself a favor, skip the overpriced, underwhelming food and hit up the bar. The martinis are always winners.
3	They used to offer half price bottles of wine, however it is now half off your first bottle and full price on the rest. I was sorry to see that special go.Nicole is a genuinely nice person and an amazing pianist. Request the classics or Top 40. She knows them all. And you can actually chat with her as she plays. The staff is usually fun, beautiful, young and professional.I recommend the Caprese Salad (watch out for the whole garlic cloves) or the Cheese Plate and a table full of your best friends. Skip the Cosmos and share a bottle of the Crios Syrah. Save room for dessert.
3	I wish I loved this place more. I love the space and I feel it has all the potential in the world, but my last 2 visits left me underwhelmed. The service is hit or miss, last time I was there I was with my mother and we were one of three tables for breakfast and we hardly saw the waiter. The food is ok, but you expect more than american cheese on your eggs when you are paying what you are paying.
2	I've been here about 5 times total, and I am completely unimpressed. The food is overpriced and just not worth it. I have no problem paying for a good meal, but this wasn't a good meal. I could have made what ended up on my plate from the contents of my refrigerator and it would have tasted better. The one caveat to my "My Florist has crappy food" attitude is the cinnamon scones. These are absolute heaven. Too bad I won't be back for them, as getting one means dealing with the rude staff. Out of the five visits, only once was the service decent, and I think it was only because my dining companion knew the server. That's bad. I never went in dressed like a bum or treated the staff obnoxiously, but yet the staff had no problem treating me like a second class citizen who didn't belong in the restaurant. I don't know what kind of qualifications you have to have to get decent service here, but I obviously don't have them. I won't be back ever. It's a shame, too, because it is within walking distance.
4	You had me at half price bottles of wine..... As if it couldn't get any better you gave me the mushroom and brie soup.  I think I was in heaven.  So yummy.  I will make the trek from Scottsdale for this creation. The staff was very friendly and the interior is very neat and clean.  The prices are fair and portions are quite large.Icing on the cake:  no fake boobs or bleach bond hair to be seen!  Am I in AZ?  Such a breath of fresh air.
2	Wayyyyyyyy overpriced. The food is just ok, nothing special at all. I ordered the veggie wrap and the brie salad. On the salad, the brie was cold, which is cool, but I was expecting something with a little more effort into it. The veggie wrap was not the best I've had by far. I did hear they had amazing desserts. They really were just average. I had this italian cream, and I tried the tiramisu. Service is nice. Our waiter seemed more Scottsdale than downtown Phoenix though. Polite and great service is one thing, but overly fake is another. Overall, way overrated and over-priced.
2	The atmosphere is spot-on, but where was the service? (12/7/08)The place has a great feeling from the moment you walk up and see a grand piano on the front stage, a full bar, and flower centerpieces on the tables. Very pleasant.I loved to little Sunday Brunch Menus, simple and sweet. Great Mimosas, and want to go back to try out their Sangeria.The service was a little slow all around. Felt like was being avoided, plus the servicer did not speak mucho englas, so there was no way to get some of my questions answered. Although the food sounded appealing, was disappointed when the it came out cold and soggy. Hoping this was just an off day, but want to still see how it works next time.
4	I really like this place - I think it is more for why I have gone there then the actual place. My mother and I would have breakfast here a few times a month on our way to go visit my brother who was in the slammer. The look/feel etc is great. The service is okay. Alot of the wait staff I have had there reminded me of overly stoned friends that I have - really nice, but a few screws were missing somewhere.The food if I remember (haven't been there is over a year) is pretty good. I've only had breakfast there though. They have a bread basket that is awesome - but you need to share it with someone... it's a big basket of bread! I hope to return the next time I'm in Phoenix.
2	The vintage neon sign outside is awesome, but that is where the awesome ends. We were sat at a table on a raised platform with the piano. It was very awkward. We all sat on the side of the table facing the rest of the restaurant because on the other side of the table is a wall covered in a mirror. One thing I do not want to do is watch myself eat. The awkward position of the table on a platform and all of us sat on one side facing out at the rest of the place made us look like the judges panel from ANTM. In the spirit of such, I will continue. The service was completely awful. It took AGES to get the check and from my perch I could see the waiters doing nothing while I sat ready to leave. The food was pretty good, but it wasn't anything special. They priced it like it was special though. Really special. I hate things with hype and this is exactly why. Don't bother.
4	Come here for brunch or early lunch otherwise you will be singing the same woes of all the other 1-3 star Yelpers.I mean how can you really hate a place that had 1/2 price bottles of wine, i mean i guess you could if you were one of those "McCain-loving-obama is a socialist-there is no parking for my H2" type people but i personally appreciate cheap stuff. The best way to do my florist is as follows...Roll out of bed on a Sunday, it's 10am, your head is pounding and you cant think straight. Stumble to the bathroom, clean up, cover up last night's hair with a hat, don some big sunglasses, pick up friends and head to Florist. Order a mimosa, drink it, and order a bloody marry. (best around) Okay, you are starting to feel human again, execute stage two; biscuits and gravy OR if last night was particularly rough stick with eggs on toast. Continue with afore mentioned drinks and mastication until all is right in the world. Look this is not an amazing restaurant but it is GOOD. They always have discounted drink specials or cheap wine, the food is consistent and service is the best if you sit at the bar. For dinner make sure to get the breads with herbed butter and the cheese plate. Sandwiches are no Pane Bianco but they are all pretty solid with the Turkey and Brie being my standby. I am sorry but what is wrong with the piano lady covering current hits with a jazz inflection, if you want Brahm's 9th Symphony go somewhere other than a trendy cafe, Jesus. It is klitchy and gets her tips, calm down fancy pants, it is however true it can get loud in the seats right by her.Oh... the bathroom is completely private and shwankily candle lit... so ah... yea. Watch how much you drink and who may or may not be pulling you into said den of inequity for covert lip-locking
3	No, it is not a flower shop. It is the type of restaurant that will be bringing people downtown for years to come. I'm not really a fan of it. Too many hipsters mashed with too many yuppies creates a crowd that I can't possibly tolerate for more than 10 minutes. The bright and open cafe sits next to Willow Grocery and has exactly 10 parking spots. Once you enter, you will instantly notice the bar that (depending on the time of day) is either packed with desperately single 30-somethings or ghost town-dead with 10 waiters desperately trying to impress each other with tales of art galleries and indie-rock.What you will not notice is people being served food. No matter how many or few patrons are seated, exactly one waiter will be on the floor at a time. That waiter is not yours. If someone notices you standing at the door, you will promptly be told to wait one minute while the host(ess) goes to tell their buddy behind that bar that your jacket is hideous. When another waiter walks by, he will ask you if you've been seated yet (begging for blank stares of the obvious from you) and then grab menus and take them back to your host(ess). When you are finally seated, I suggest you start pointing out the flaws with your fellow diners (as they are all doing the same). When your waiter comes, you will undoubtedly be ready to order drinks, dinner, and the check but he will only take your drink order. All drinks are distributed by the bar. Soda, water, wine - it doesn't matter. If there are 10 drink orders in front of yours, you will wait. If you ever get to order and your food ever comes, you will enjoy it (I'm sure castaways enjoy eating rats too when they are starving).The food is all organic. Nothing is fried. Usually there is a nice salad or side of fruit with every meal. My Florist will make you feel like you ate healthy for once in your life and that is why it is so popular. The dessert tray, however, will quickly nullify any of those feelings. Everything is rich and sweet. It is almost the perfect combination. I've never actually seen anyone order dessert at My Florist but I'm sure people do. Those people are undoubtedly going to experience sticker shock when they get their bill. $12 chicken salad sandwiches are out of the question! They have no place in society yet people buy them at My Florist.It is my sincere belief that bright lighting makes you spend more money. Walmart, Target, Ikea, My Florist. All places where you can spend way more than you should on items that you didn't need. In then end, I suppose you are paying a healthy premium on the food. Like shopping at AJ's or Trader Joe's, things that require less work to make cost more money for the consumer.My Florist is on the corner of 7th Ave and McDowell. If you miss it, you should probably not be driving a car this far from Sun City. Park in the back or in the (closed) Antique store lot. Call ahead for your food and get it to go if you can. Plan for at least an hour.Warning...on weekends, there is a piano player. It's not that she isn't good...she is. It's that you are sitting in a metal and concrete room and she is 2ft from you. Don't plan on talking.
2	This place makes me think of the famous line: "I coulda been a contendah." My Florist has so much unfulfilled promise. You walk in and the hard wood floors and bright airy space make you think you've walked into a truly urban and unique experience. It's exactly what I might have imagined for a downtown restaurant. We started with an appetizer -- the nachos. This is the highlight of my visit. The nachos are served on pieces of toasted baguette with melted cheese. On the side they serve slices of avocado and the salsa is served in a halved avocado shell. It's an interesting presentation and was very tasty. But this is where my pleasure ended. For my lunch, I ordered a grilled chicken salad and my friend ordered a Roast Beef sandwich. First, my grilled chicken was not "grilled" and it tasted odd. As a matter of fact, I called the waiter over to ask if some mistake had been made. He admitted that the chicken was prepackaged and heated, not "grilled" fresh. My friend's roast beef sandwich looked like "old" processed meat - not like real roast beef. The meat on the sandwich had that shiny metallic look (in my mind I'm cringing as I describe it). I can't believe that a place that has so much potential and uses fresh baked bread from Willow Bakery could skimp out on the food! Don't be distracted by the big flashy sign and the reviews in travel magazines and local papers that describe this as a "unique" experience. That's ALL this place has going for it ...unique. But if you want good food try someplace else in the neighborhood - like Chevrount's.
3	So I've been meaning to write an update to this. To be fair, My Florist is not my favorite spot in Phoenix - far from it actually. But it is really close to where I live and my best friend loves going there and drinking wine. But I wanted to share what I thought would be a downer but ended up being good. There was a waiter who made a racist comment to me and two of my friends. And we talked to him about it and he didn't seem to understand why his comment was inappropriate. My friend was extremely offended by this and went in the next day to talk to the manager. At first, the manager was somewhat like 'big deal' and this was obviously infuriating. So we assured them that we nor anyone we knew would return until it was resolved. But then my friend got a phone call and I guess they had a change of heart and put the waiter on leave/probation for his comments. So go My Florist for responding to ridiculously inappropriate behavior of staff!! (I do hope that the waiter gets it, learns from it, and gets his job back!!)
3	they fucked up my sandwhich, and my waiter was a total douche.not to mention my disgusting warm "iced tea" that i paid nearly $5 for.their salads and availability of my favorite beer [hoegaarden], redeem them with a whopping 3 stars.eeeeeeehhhh.
1	I went to My Florist Cafe with my family once before.  The waiter was nice, but the food was unremarkable and overpriced.  I wanted to give it another chance while I was out with my sister and her two-year-old daughter.  My sister went to put our name on the waiting list and she told the hostess "three adults and a high chair please".  The hostess then gave her a look of disdain and said in the most sassy voice, "we don't have high chairs."  "Really? not even booster seats"  "NO"We promptly took our business elsewhere.
1	Seriously.  What kind of restaurant doesnt have child seats?  I didnt stay for the food because they didnt have them.  Just looking at the place makes me think it would be a lovely place to have lunch with my other mommy friends.  After reading most of the other reviews, I guess I should consider myself lucky that I didnt spend the money.
1	Why beat around the bush? This place sucks. You can tell that someone just bought the building and thought, "Yeah, old florist shop turned overpriced restaurant... OH, THIS IS AWESOME!!!" Just because you've got an antique sign with flashing lights does not mean quality and in this case it certainly does not mean atmosphere. Everything is overpriced and ridiculously underwhelming. What were they thinking?What they were thinking:- "I'm gonna open up this really cool restaurant that used to be a flower shop. Now what are we going to do about food?"- "Well, my son knows how to make stuff...'- "Really?"- "Yeah, he's four."- "What can he make?"- "Well, he's really good at rolling these snakes out of Play-doh. I don't know if...."- "Stop drilling, you've hit oil! We're buying tables, a mega piano, and we are making this happen!"Just stay away from this place unless you plan on being adventurous and moving your wine circle/Oprah book club meeting outside of Scottsdale for a change.
1	Sunday Morning Breakfastacoustic guitar awesome! BUT..Service wasn't good the food not much better. I ordered the strawberry waffle it has butter, strawberry, syrup, powder sugar, and homemade whip cream.  Compared to the plain waffle it's $2 more expansive and for only 2 strawberries. To top it off the waitress never told me they were out of whip cream until I asked about it after she brought it out. Then she forgot the powdered sugar and butter. Try putting cold butter over cold waffles not cool. While all this was going on I was still waiting for my cream for my cold coffee.
2	Ugh... this place is pretentious, it's not even funny.  I used to think sandwiches at Paradise Bakery were kinda pricey.  That was before I came to My Florist.I  have only ever ordered the chicken salad sandwich the couple times I've been here because I am picky.  I could probably go for the PB & J, but I would have to be out of my mind to pay the price they are asking.  The chicken salad is decent, but I have had so much better.  The bread they use is artisan style bread, so of course that means ridiculously chewy crust.  This isn't a bad thing when you eat the bread by itself, but when you are trying to bite off a piece of your sandwich and the crust refuses to give, even a little bit, then you will be flinging chicken salad all over the place.  Not a good thing.The service here is downright terrible.  I've never seen servers so smug in my life.  Sometimes I wonder if it is a joke that I'm not in on, and the other times I just wonder if they really do feel so superior as they are serving me my food.  Whatever, I don't really care.  Everything here is super slow.  My soda takes forever to come out because the bartender always thinks that his social life is more important than my soda at the time.  In any event, I avoid this place.  The crowd is always too uppity for my taste and they are mostly old.  You should have seen the look of some of the people in there when I went in wearing pajama pants one night (I was ready for bed when the husband and his friend wanted to go out to eat.)  Hilarious.  On the positive side, the pianist here is fantastic.
4	I finally made it over to My Florist for lunch.  I had the turkey and brie sandwich.  It was excellent.  The service was great.  I liked the space.  I will definitely go back.
3	I've enjoyed my couple of experiences here.  The sandwiches and light platters were enjoyable.  The piano bar can get a bit too loud so it's hard to have conversation with dinner.  Pricing seems a bit high but for a once in a while treat it's a nice change.
4	I was reading through the reviews posted on here and was very surprised at people's negative experiences. I live walking distance from My Florist and frequent them often. Currently it is a favorite on Tuesday nights, when their specials include the prosciutto sandwich and the Mushroom and Brie soup (now a daily occurrence). I have also enjoyed several of their salads and their bruschetta often. The food has always been fantastic - all the ingredients taste very fresh and certainly seem to justify slightly higher prices. I especially like that they are very open to substitutions on just about anything (goat cheese instead of brie, ham instead of roast beef...). Several times I have enjoyed a glass of wine as well, and in the evenings, the piano is lovely to listen to. I find their hours very accommodating as well, and every time I've visited, the service has been good, though there are several times I've opted to dine at the bar. The downside to My Florist Cafe (in my opinion?) Their breakfast. I am a breakfast lover, and though I've tried their breakfast several times, it has always left me a little disappointed. So? I just don't go for breakfast anymore. I will, however, return again and again for a very tasty lunch and dinner menu.
3	I go here just to listen to the live piano music. Other than that, the food is way overpriced for what it is.
5	I've been to My Florist twice since the redesign (Feb?) and can't find one bad thing to say about it. No more overwhelming loud piano music. I had huge, meal size, delicious salads that made me want to come back for more. The Asparagus and the Tuna Nicoise are excellent. Expecially The Asparagus. I love that salad and I really do hate salad. Both times, we sat there for almost two hours and no one pushed us to leave, even with a line forming, and a bill of about $30.
3	Good diner in a ghetto area - kinda like a diamond in the rough. Good food for a fair price.
2	This place just doesn't feel very comfortable.  I get a very odd feeling when I am in the restaurant.  It is like eating in a fishbowl.  Everyone seems to have an air of snottiness.  Food is kind of pricey.
3	I have been twice.  The food is very good.  The service leaves much to be desired. It is very slow and the staff act as if the customers are an inconvenience in their lives.  The piano was too loud.  I will not return.
2	its bad in general. the service is lame. The pianist I think is on speed. No style just plows through it. I called ahead to ask about dinner and wine specials for dinner. Dinner is not happy hour. I was told all about the happy hour specials except that they were for happy hour.  Its just a click joint as my father would say with a new york accent. The worst Cesare salad I ever had. No taste, small 9.00 dollars. Spare me.Watered down drinks.
3	Super cute decor and their menu is a refreshing option among a sea of Subways, Starbucks, and other fast-food restaurants.We first thought we needed to do take-out in order to get to an appointment on time,  But, after ordering, we realized we had more time than we originally thought, and planted ourselves at the bar to eat.  I ordered the chicken chipotle wrap.  I was excited for something tangy and hot, but was completely disappointed to only taste mayo and some chicken.  My friends, however, really enjoyed their salads and sandwiches and told me all about the great piano player that is there in the evenings.I was super excited to see that their wine of the day was the Lobster Key Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand, one of my favorites!
3	I am torn on this review, because I want to rate two things at once.  On one hand, the atmosphere is, I think, pretty good.  The restaurant is cute and has good lighting, and the pianist who plays on Saturdays (and I think another day) is phenomenal.  She does play a lot of "crowd-pleasers," the kind that entertain grandparents, but you can tell that she is very, very talented.  She can take a song that's currently airing on the radio and turn it into a beautiful piano piece.  Unfortunately, the atmosphere is where the "good" part of the review ends.  They have an ok wine and beer selection, but it's overpriced and could be better.  Their food is way below par.  Also overpriced, it looks like their menu just went through an overhaul (to a more expensive menu.)  The bruschetta options have descriptions similar to those at Postino, but trust me, they are done better at Postino.  I've had a few of their sandwiches, but haven't yet discovered anything really that worthy of mention.  It's a shame because they could be really awesome if they had good (and fairly priced) food.
1	A real tragedy. A place that once excelled in concept, food and service as has taken a real nose dive. In the past, the food and atmosphere were wonderful. My latest experience went as such: Upon arrival, we waited for waitresses to stop chatting and seat us- a few minutes. Another 10 minutes to get a menu. Another 15 to order. About 20 to get simple breakfast food. 2 bites to determine my food was bad- rancid bad. Another 15 minutes to send it back and ask for the menu to order something new. Another 10 minutes to receive said menu. Another  15 or more for waitress to come and ask if I actually wanted to order something. At that point, I can honestly say I didn't. I won't be going here again unless 1) hell freezes over or 2) there is a public proclamation of new ownership/staff.
2	When thinking of My Florist the only thing that comes to mind is how underwhelming it all  is. Everything is subpar at best and the decor seems a little 1990's to me, its almost like being on the set of Friends. The thing is, its not awful.....nothing there is really bad so much as slightly disappointing. They have aimed high but fallen short, I agree the food is heinously overpriced for what it is and the quality of the food is average. I had the Caprese salad and mozarella left me wanting and dreaming of the mozarella at Pane Bianco.....which is to die for. The service was adequate but I wasn't in the slightest bit dazzled in any way. I think they just really need to take everything up a notch.
4	I have to admit that reading the vast range of reviews for My Florist made me debate giving them a 3 for inconsistency, but I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and rounded my 3.5 up to a 4. It's almost hard to believe we all ate at the same establishment. I made my first visit to My Florist for a fabulous #smunch breakfast with friends. I had never been but had looked at their website and just loved the story of the restaurant. Someplace with character, that's more than a building definitely gets my attention. The photos on the website also do not do this place justice. Every time my gaze wandered around various parts of My Florist I was continually floored. It's so beautiful and such a great conversation piece. When our huge group was seated we lucked out and got what I like to refer to as the king's table. The chairs were so exquisite to look at and even more comfortable than they appeared. I just sank into them and hit an instant pre food happy coma. Everyone seems to have issues with the piano, but I kinda wished they were playing. I almost went and started playing myself. As far as the food, I have mixed feelings. I started off with a mimosa which was excellent and very reasonably priced. I then had wanted the frittata but they were pre-made and I was unable to have it without tomato. I am not a fan of pre-made... or tomato. Having to make a last minute decision I went with my staple, an omelet. I had Gruyere, chicken, and mushroom and a side of Nutella for my toast. I also ordered a limosa.The omelet was okay but not outstanding and a little pricey. However, I immensely enjoyed the toast. Non ordinary toast makes me happy. The side of Nutella was a little pricey in my opinion, but was huge. I was able to use gobs for both my pieces of toast and someone else's. I think the eggs benedict that a few got looked tasty and I'd go again to try that. The salad menu also looked delightful. The limosa? Delicious.As far as service goes, I didn't have any issues. Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly and didn't mind our crazy large party of nearly 12. Our food all arrived at nearly the same time and within a reasonable amount of time. She also was nice enough to split our checks the exact way we wished. Can't beat that.
3	The 3 stars is most definately for the food!  It's absoulutely wonderful!  Wish I could say the same about the service.  Sometimes it's good, and just good, and sometimes it's awful!  I go there every once in a while hoping that things will be different just because I love their salads so much, but I am always disappointed.  I've come to find out that it generally depends on what I am wearing.  I've come in a few times nicely dressed after just getting off of work and they rush to the door to seat me.  I've come in in jeans and a ball cap and been completely ignored while the servers stand lazily behind the bar just watching me look akwardly at them.So best bet is be dressed up or just place a to go order.
3	when my florist does something good, it's great.  i can't afford to spend my meagre eating out budget here too often, though, because it's always a gamble.for example, brunch on sunday was an epic disappointment.we ordered the eggs benedict, not knowing we would actually get the chicken ovary soup of sadness.  two of the tiniest poached eggs i've ever seen in my life - the size of quail eggs, without the flavor - with a thin, flavorless version of hollandaise sauce.instead of the usual big, fluffy english muffins you use for this dish, there were two ridiculously tiny pieces of ciabatta toast.we ordered another egg, over-easy, to help satisfy our sunday hunger, and it came out runny and gross.the sides were great - we got some extra wheat toast (the bread here is always amazing), gruyere potatoes, and fresh fruit.  we would have skipped the fruit and subbed it for the potatoes, but the menu did not advertise that the eggs benedict came with fruit - whiny nitpick, but like i said, i've got limited budget action all up in my wallet space.the fruit was delicious and fresh.  the potatoes were scalloped, an interesting choice for brunch time, but tastefully pared with leeks and just enough gruyere melted atop.long story short for this place - stick to happy hours, sandwiches, and salads.  especially friday nights, when they have a great pianist come in.
4	I love the feel of this bright cheery resturaunt.  It has a casual sophistacated feel. I like the area it is in as well around all of the 7th Ave. Vintage shops that I adore.
1	Okay... I feel bad b/c I see a lot of great reviews for this place but honestly, I had the worst experience ever here, so I'm giving this  a straight up 1 star.  Let me make a few things clear before I get started: 1. I arrived before the lunch rush...way before the lunch rush, I was like the 1st person in the restaurant2. I was meeting friends there for a brunch/networking thing, it was four of us all together3. The bad experience started after I tipped... as most bad experience doThe food was okay, I had an omelet which was decent.. but it's hard to beat Fez's egg white omelets in my heart. But the omelet was okay, the atmosphere and decor was amazing, the service was exactly what you expect as a customer.....Then right when I put in my mental to-do list to give this place 4 to 5 stars on yelp the waiter comes and tells us, after we tipped, that the table we had was for "someone special" (who by the way didn't have a reservation) and we had to leave.... wtf? How do you tell paying customers and good tippers that they need to leave before the ink even dries on the receipts?  We were pretty upset and asked to speak to the manager, who wasn't present, but the acting manager basically gave us the boot as well. First time ever I was asked to leave a restaurant....
1	Daisies on our table were already wilted when we sat down for dinner at 5:30 and may have been ominous of the inattention to detail that may have evolved here.Waiter apparently cannot recite any of the beer selection and  tells my older friend to look on the drink menu for options. Aside from the disrespect, it is truly hard to read the menu in the eve ambience lighting here.Bruschetta is poor and bread isn't toasted. When did their great bread selections drop off? Not one of my friends impressed by their spongy bread. Salad was good. Cheese platter is a bit sparse for $14.Thus the service was poor, food below average and interior gorgeous, except for overflowing toilet.
2	Let's start with noting that this was the setting for mine and Catherine's first date together, as well as our engagement party with friends, and several fun but casual experiences dining out over the years.  We once raved about this place and went often.Then, when the manager refused to work with me on hosting a large family party there, I tried to boycott My Florist for a while.  Friends did the same.  But we couldn't stay away form the reliably good sandwiches on tasty bread,  half-priced wine bottles, and wonderful desserts.But sadly, the last couple of times we went to My Florist, the food was so-so, service was mediocre, and our favorite pianist is no longer there!  I think the real reason for my two-star review is the fact that the pianist is gone.  It made me realize that all the greatest decorations cannot make up for a declining overall experience.Perhaps I'll revisit this later, but for now it gets two stars.
2	If we're talking food....well....I've loved everything I've ever gotten here.  The brie and turkey sandwich with cranberry relish on pumpernickel is just simply amazing.  I also had the tuna salad sandwhich which was unique and extremely fulfilling.  That being said, my two star rating is more due to the environment.  Yes, it's a chic, modern and trendy setting...that environment is nice....but it's the waitstaff, valet and hostesses that ruin this place.  The service is below par, way below par.  And being a former waitress...I'm pretty forgiving.   Both times I went for lunch AFTER the rush and both times I had to request my silverware (different servers by the way).  Yesterday, we stood at the door for five minutes while waitstaff walked by us and noticed us but didn't do anything to seat us...then finally one felt guilty enough.  We sat down and were greeted fairly quickly and made our order.  Our drinks were then brought by another server and so was the food, he's the one that brought the silver too.  Then my iced tea sat empty for five minutes through the meal....totally unacceptable for me.  The first waiter came and took the sugar rack off of our table to fill it, clearly trying to get out of there.  He then noticed my tea glass.  The second server presented the bill and seemed to be the main one.  Who do I tip here?  Well they both deserved less than I tipped b/c I just can't do 10%, but it was close.  Anyway...despite the amazing food....the cold shoulder you get at this place is enough to deter me.  But I will be craving that brie sandwich and I'm sure I will go back.
3	I went to My Florist for an early dinner.  The place has been redecorated since I was last there (which has been a while) and it looks great.  Very bright colors, right down to the fresh tiger lilies.  I looked at the menu and said to myself "Where are the sandwiches?".  I didn't want to spend money on their new dinner entrees.  The new dinner items looked good and I will try one on my next visit now that I know they are there.  Our waitress was cool about it and let us order off the lunch menu.I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Wrap.  The chicken was tender,  The greens inside were fresh and the sauce was used sparingly.  It was good.  I should have stuck to my usual, the Brie Salad.  My guest ordered the Portobello Sandwich.  He has ordered it in the past and was glad to order it again.  We also loaded up on carbs by ordering the assortment of bread.  We just like good bread.I always order the Chai ice tea whenever I go to My Florist.  It is refreshing and has the best taste.My Florist showcased a genius piano player, Nicole.  She could beat Mozart in piano playoff.  Not kidding....  She is that good.I was glad to get back to My Florist and see the nice changes.  As I said before I will be back to try their dinner entrees.  An old establishment can learn new tricks.  Way to go My Florist Cafe!
2	My family went here on Sunday morning for some breakfast before spending a day at the zoo. It was just okay -- the food was good but I've had better service at soup kitchens.I believe everyone's order was satisfactory. No home runs but maybe a ground-rule double. The omelet was good and tasted fresh. Everything was hot and/or cold as appropriate. Everyone got white toast despite requests on the contrary. The iced tea was nice but tasted like the pot hadn't been cleaned in some time.The service was plain awful. I knew it was going to be trouble when the server asked us if she was going to need a piece of paper to write down our order. It doesn't exactly instill one with confidence. What kind of question is that? Is that a way of asking us if our order is going to be complicated? For Pete's sake, lady, show some professionalism. Either you need to write it down or you don't -- that isn't our question to answer. She appeared to commit the order to memory, but see note above about the toast.The food was sllloooooww to come out. Thirty minutes from walking in the front door, we did not have food. I'm not the sort of person that minds waiting for good food, but I at least appreciate status updates and attention from the wait staff in the mean time. No such luck. Glasses sat empty. Once the food came out, we had to ask for a place setting. And then salt and pepper. And then butter and jam for the toast. The glasses were still empty despite refill promises from two different servers. Finally I walked up to the bar and stepped behind it to fill our iced tea glasses. A server who was standing there monkeying around with the computer turned around with a pretentious, "Can I HELP you?" Hilarity ensued as this man tried grasping what was going down -- a customer dared sticking it to the man and getting his own drink refill lest he whither away from dehydration. We were going to the zoo, you see. The funny thing about this maneuv is that it never fails to get the attention of server...She emerged very apologetic (and so did the other server who promised us refills) and even brought us a pitcher of tea with to-go cups so we could take some with us. So, all's well that ends well. I felt a bit sorry for this server, who was obviously repentant but still lacking the basic attention to detail and customer focus that should be a base requirement for anyone working in the service industry.Although I'm tempted to see what this place is like at dinner, with the live music, we won't be back.
3	So has this restaurant ever seen better days?I came here Friday night with my guy looking to enjoy a semi-romantic meal before heading over to the subtle sexiness that is SideBar.  I looked over the Yelp reviews, decided to give this place a try because the main complaints were about service, which I can deal with.So we walked into a mostly empty restaurant at 6:30 on a Friday, not the most comforting sign of a business.  It takes our waitress a little while to stop by our table...so we peruse the drink menu...finally she stops by and we get the Ginger Girl and the Me So Thorny.I took one sip of the Ginger Girl and my throat was immediately burning.  I like strong drinks, but this was pure gasoline.  My guy's drink wasn't any better.  Definitely stick with beer or wine at this place.After 15 minutes our waitress decides to stop by and take our order.  Apparently one can only order one course at a time.  So we order the appetizers, which was the main attraction.  Postino's bruschetta in downtown.  But it's not even close to Postino's.  The bread isn't toasted, you only get two awkward pieces of each, the toppings aren't fresh, and they definitely don't give you enough toppings!The cheese plate was alright, two really small pieces of cheese in my opinion.  They do give you a lot of bread, because that's what you're really paying for.The entrees were okay.  My crab cakes were cold, which means they weren't even close to being prepared fresh.  My guy's shrimp looked pretty good, but just tasted okay.The only saving grace of this place is the lobster bisque.  Of course it was the soup of the day, so I doubt many people will get to enjoy it.Sad place, I can see why the reviews are just average or worse.
3	Have you ever eaten something and realized that it is missing some of the ingredients?  That's the way I feel about this place.  To maintain a successful restaurant you need a good menu with quality food, nice decor/ambience, and great service to keep the patrons coming back.  My Florist just hasn't figured out the right formula.The decor and the feel you get while dining here is almost worth it alone to come here.  The prices for the food are quite steep with sandwiches ranging from $10 to $13.  With the taste as well as the presentation they should range from $7 to $10.  There are far to many other choices in Phoenix to justify overpaying with what you get.  As far as the service, I've been here several times and yet to have been greeted in a timely manner.  Kind of seems like I'm being ignored from the time I walk in til I leave.  While only having an order taker come by a few times during the visit.I will be back on occasion but it won't be on top of my list.  I'd love to see things change for such a great looking restaurant near downtown
3	My main reason I enjoy My Florist Cafe is for the music, I love listening to Nicole play.   Live music over cocktails and dinner is something I really like and rare to find a place that does them both well.For the most part the food is good and have really never had an issue with it however I will say there isn't anything on the menu that is my favorite.   The meals are a little pricey for what you get however figure that is also the price for the entertainment.  As for the drink menu, that's a different story with the Steinway being my favorite.  I like Todd B's comments about eating something and realizing there is something missing; I think that best explains it.   It's missing the wow.  The decor and location is nice and the restaurant clean comfortable.   I will be back as I do enjoy the dinner and music combo and look forward to find something wow on the menu one day.  As we normally go in a group of six, this seems to be the overall feedback.
3	One of my co-workers and I went here for lunch the other day, she had been there before, I had not.This place is pretty much what I had expected from having drivin by it many times. The atmosphere is nice, very modern and upscale. Although the hostesses and waiters are very nice, their service is mediocre to adequate. The mushroom brie soup is the staple of this place. Also their bread is made fresh daily and is very good. I also got the chipotle chicken wrap. For $10 dollars is was not that good, very dry and basically flavorless. Their sandwhiches and salads all range from about 10-15 dollars, obviously overpriced.I believe this place is best served as a place to go for happy hour for drinks and appetizers, not neccisarrily a place to seek out for dining. IMO.
4	This place is a good place to go for appitizers and a drink I usually come here after first friday or after a theatre show. It's fine.  works for me because of location the brie salad is quite tasty and  I like the live piano playing that's a nice touch.
1	I had one of the worst dining experiences recently at My Florist.  My boyfriend and I arrived for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  There were maybe four to five other tables in the restaurant.  We ordered the bruschetta and I ordered a salad while my boyfriend ordered the chicken salad sandwich.  Five minutes later the main dish comes out and there is no bruschetta...apparently the Waiter didn't think that it was important to serve the appetizer before the main course...details.My boyfriend finished his sandwich.  I am a much slower eater so I was about half way through my salad.  As soon as he finished his last bite the waiter cleared the table and brought the check.  This is my pet peeve.  Everyone at the table should be allowed to finish their meal and the plates should not be cleared until the last person has finished their meal.  Not sure why we were being rushed out of the restaurant considering it was empty.  I feel like calling the owner on Monday and let him know that the staff are driving customers away.  What a terrible experience.
2	Wish these guys could get it right!What a great place this so easily could be. It feels like a big city restaurant inside. The woman on the piano is a fucking genius, and I don't think she can be stumped. If you dine while she is playing, you will likely be like me and forget that the food is overpriced and mediocre. Well, once she stopped playing, all focus went back on the food. My overcooked, white centered piece of "seared tuna" was utterly tasteless. The Wasabi mashed potatoes spoke nothing of wasabi, and my taste buds wondered why the fish tasted of fishyness the whole way through. My girfriend's chicken was one of the most disgustingly flavored dishes I'd ever tried, but she wasn't so upset with it... not mine, so I can't complain a lot. Lackluster service, and attitude from the host didn't help either. I paid $60 of my hard earned money for two entrees and two iced teas and would have been happier eating a ham sandwich at home. At least that could have been prepared properly. If you can't sear tuna, then don't advertise it seared and ask me if rare is OK with me. This was not rare, it was freaking obliterated.
3	My date and I hit the Willo District Home Tour today and decided to grab lunch here since I had never been, I had always wanted to go, it was a gorgeous day out and within walking distance.We get up to the host stand and some woman dashes in front of us telling the waiter who was present that she called ahead to say she was on her way. The waiter looked for her in the book, didnt find her...I know this because I looked too and he politely referred her to the host. Mr Rico Suave in the sweater vest does a once over on the book and instead of letting the lady know there are 2 parties ahead of her, seats her right away. Okay douche? Not only that ,one of the servers passes him and says "you know you just sat me 4x in a row?" We say nothing. the host returns, looks past me and my date and the 3 person party behind us.passes us all by and beckons the party after them? Um hello dickweed, do you not see the 5 people standing here in front of you patiently waiting. My date stepped up and said something and someone graciously swept in and said he would seat us. We were seated but to be honest I was stewing for the mere fact the host was so incredibly incompetent. Anyway we sat we ordered and they brought us someone else's food. UGH. When they finally bring us the correct food, we have no silverware..Seriously? Can anything be done correctly? I had the cafe panini and it said salami but it wasn't thinly cut Genoa salami as one would expect it was thick almost like ham..Not what I expected but decent nonetheless.The place was busy but not running around like a chicken with its'  head cut off busy which is what the staff made it appear to be. They just seemed beyond unorganized, absolutely no structure.I would return and try something else but I wouldnt suggest this place if you're in a rush or expect too much in the way of service. If anything great for a 1st date because if you have a lull in conversation you can bond over the surprisingly bad service.**** In response to your slanderous "compliment"Jon "Lazarus Pennypants E"  let me clarify. No I am not a self entitled brat. I may have been called many things in my life but nothing ever close to that. However, you described the host to a "T". Come to think of it, he's the worst host I have ever come across, he didnt "greet" any guests that walked in the door, he didnt speak a word to them, as he sat them nor apologize when he blatantly overlooked people that were patiently waiting. He just carried on with a silent  pompous air about him. I apologize if douchebag didnt sum that up. As for your second question.YES I worked in the restaurant industry for  6 years and I have never in those years or any of my dining experiences ever encountered the unorganized chaos that this restaurant displayed. Also, by the looks of the other reviews..Im not alone. Ps. who exactly do you think you are to slander other Yelpers reviews. You didnt even disagree with my review, you just backhanded me??? What's funny is Ive seen that exact same email posted to other Yelpers. Yes that's exactly what Yelp needs..your drama.Bravo!****
2	OK, here's the thing.  My Florist should be the bomb.  It's got the right location, the right crowd and the right vibe (especially when the pianist is on).  The drink menu is inventive, though inconsistently priced, and makes good use of the building's former incarnation with lots of floral inspired beverages.  My Florist has been open for years, but it still feels like opening weekend.  Confused host service at the door, no linens or silverware on the table, (our party was actually supplied paper towels that looked like they came straight out of the bathroom dispenser!)  How especially unfortunate it was that they were so ill prepared on what could possibly be one of their biggest days of the year: the Willo District Home Tour and Valentine's Day.   Our server had to apologize too many times for the shortcomings of the management, kitchen staff, bar, etc. As for the food, I had the turkey and brie, which was passable.  The cranberry relish had an unexpected kick, which I liked, but the pumpernickel bread was dry and hard.  In fact, "too dry" was a common complaint for more than one of my lunch companions, whether it be not enough salad dressing or a Reuben sandwich that was not "hot and juicy" as requested.  (And really, who wants "too dry" on Valentine's Day?)Come on, guys, get it together.  This could be a great place with some attention to basics.
4	Yummy food, open till midnight, walking distance from Sidebar, fantastic pianist... HOW HAVE I NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE?!? We walked in at 1045 on a Saturday night, ever-so-slightly depressed, sober (hence the depression); the three of us.  We were seated right away, and the kind host offered us a lunch menu in addition to the three dinner menus, which I thought a bit odd, the only snafu, if you can call it that, of the evening.  I ate the cup of squash soup ($5, including a brulee'd ginger marshmallow that will blow your mind) and split the bruschetta plate ($12) and tasted the creme brulee ($7?) and thought everything was delicious.  The bruschetta, in particular, was standout and made for a great snack.  The kitchen, according to our accommodating server, closed at 1130, so I'll bear that in mind when i next get the late-night munchies.  The pianist shut down at about five, maybe ten till midnight.  We didn't leave till about 10 after midnight, quite satisfied and with spirits much lifted.  I suppose that last part may have had a little something to do with the fact the two TVs over the bar were playing Spaceballs, but also the food was delectable, so who knows.  i'll be back, and i might just bring a fifth star with me.
4	I've been going here for years and now just getting around to write up my review. I suck, I'm sorry.If your looking for a fabulous neighborhood cafe with amazing food, homemade breads, great wine/beer selection, and a live pianist. Add those up[ and that equals a relaxing evening worth every penny. I said penny and not the dollar cause its pennies what you spend. For the quality of food and the atmosphere, its cheap. Their chicken wrap is magical and My Florist Cafe is the only place, that I know of, where it is acceptable for a grown adult to order a PBJ. Nomerous times I have ordered it and never have I felt embarrassed. This cafe is in the perfect location, close to SideBar, and has great food. You HAVE to go!
4	Good food, great wine selection and my fav . . . the pianist, who played the entire Super Mario Brother's theme song from Nintendo!
4	Brunch here will get your day off to a nice start. Its also a nice place for a date. don't remember what i ate but I remember enjoying it.
4	Very good cafe in Central PHX.  Had the Beef Sandwich and it was great, very good appetizers, desserts and wine selection.  Wait staff was excellent, definitely will be back.
3	I don't understand the hype on this place. Its over priced food that arrives at a snails pace. ALWAYS. So Saturday night we go here for my friends baccalaureate party. I had made reservations weeks in advance, they knew our size and what time we were arriving. We get there about 5 minutes late and our table isn't even ready. So a group of us stand around for a good 10 minutes waiting. We finally get seated...it took 30 minutes just to get WATER on our table and then another 15-20 minutes to get our drink order. Its seriously like this every time I have gone here no matter the size of the group. We order apps and our food. The apps came out with in about 30 minutes and were tasty! Our meals arrived about 30 minutes after appetizers. There were 11 of us, so it wasn't a totally enormous party. My $15 salad was ok....but not worth the money. One person ordered soup which never arrived. Two people ordered soup with their dinner that came out with our drinks, and then they brought them another bowl of soup with their meals and then tried to argue with them when they said they had already had the soup. Whatever. Our waiter was good. He didn't come around as frequently as he could of, we had lots of empty water glasses for long periods of time. But he was pretty on the ball and we had fun talking to him. The piano player is what really makes this place something special, with out her it would be an over priced boring cafe trying to be something it is not.
4	We came here for breakfast and I liked this place. I ordered the eggs Benedict and it was perfect. The taste was great and the size was good (maybe too small for others). The bread was absolutely fantastic- I ordered a side since it was THAT good. My wife had an omelette, which was good but nothing extraordinary. The atmosphere was a bit too big and open for me. For breakfast, I tend to like more quaint, homey-feeling places. This atmosphere was a bit 'cold' for me but the food distracted me enough to where it wasn't an issue. I haven't been here for other meals but I'd recommend it for breakfast!
3	Yikes! Spinach dip was super salty (more like salt-lick) and bruschetta is a cheap Postino clone. At least the Bree plate was okay.
4	We came here earlier this year for a friend's birthday -- what a pleasant find.Not only were they queer friendly (which seems to be a difficult find here in AZ), but the pianist was really amazing, the atmosphere was classy yet relaxed, and the service was impeccable. I'd brought my friend a bottle of her favorite wine as part of her present, to save for later. The server saw it under the table, and asked if we'd like to have it chilled for dessert; no corkage fee! I was very impressed with him being so kind and helpful.It was pretty vegetarian friendly; I wound up with an AMAZING bowl of mushroom-brie soup. Just to die for.  My partner started with a different soup, which she liked, but was a little spicy for me.  For my entree, I got the bruscetta, which were good; about on par, or a little less awesome then Postino's. My partner got the turkey sandwich and devoured it.  Our friends both got wraps; one said hers was a little try, so the server brought her some mayo, and she said it really made it excellent.We're bringing some out of town friends here this weekend -- I can't wait to try something new.
5	Love this place!!! The waitstaff was really friendly and helpful. Never a dull moment of conversation with them. The drinks were well made and since we went during happy hour a very good price. The cheese platter was tasty and we munched on that the entire time since they didn't go cheap on bread, fruits, and sides. One thing I will say about My Florist is they may possibly have one of the best pianist I've ever heard. If you only come for one thing you should come just to listen to her play. Amazing. The prices are reason, the decor is fun, the staff is great, the entertainment is A+. Promise if you go you'll have a good time!
2	I almost moved up to three stars because Nicole, the pianist, makes dining here such an amazing experience, but the food just never is up to par, so 2 stars it is.I was here with the Downtown Friday Nights (aka #dtfn) crew, and started out with a glass of AZ Stronghold Mangus, which was a delight.We were noshing along, so I ordered the spinach dip, which was so salty that I couldn't even eat it. Yuck. I asked the waiter to take it back , and he said "yeah, we've been hearing that a lot tonight"News flash, if you are getting a lot of complaints, maybe you should stop serving it for the night.I'm glad I had a friend's cheese plate to snack on...it is hard to mess up brought-in bread and cheeses.My Florist is all atmosphere and no substance. The space is great, the piano is awesome (she will even take requests by text message, while she's playing)**Correction....the GM sent me a message pointing out that all of their bread is not, in fact, brought in, but is baked fresh daily. Duly noted**
5	My husband and I have been going to My Florist Cafe for the past two years on a regular basis. It's a great place anytime, but especially in the evenings when their pianist is there. I think she's there 5 days a week. We usually go on weekends and she's always there. She plays non-stop and will play from memory any request. I love that we can go after a movie or after a party and this place is still bopping. I don't know of any other restaurant where you can have a meal or just wine (at very reasonable prices) and enjoy some live music.My last comment is that this is also the BEST place to do a private party. I held two parties there and the manager, Keith, was unbelievable. He took care of everything and it was 5-star all the way, from the dinnerware he special-ordered and flowers to the pianist who came just for the event. I go out to the best places, dressy and casual,  on a regular basis and I've done many formal and casual parties. I promise you that this is the place to go--make sure you speak to Keith. He was the guy that made sure everything was perfect for both our events.
5	This is one of my favorite places in the city.  1/2 price bottle of wine from 3 pm to close, great bar drinks (pricey yes) and simple but good food.  Piano player is unbelievable!   Has a feeling that just maybe and I mean maybe - Phoenix has a little bit of culture.  I have continued to go to My Florist Cafe for over 6 years and being from Seattle where culture will jump out and grab you My Florist always delivers a little "Seattle" - thank you and keep it up guys!
5	I love this place!!! The butternut squash soup is my favorite! the soups salads and panninis are always so good! The breads are also fantactic. if you go, be sure to visit the bakery part of the restuarant and buy the olive bread- YUM!
3	I wrote a bad review the last time I ate here, and I stand by it.  However I have been back and had a pleasant experience of course the recognized me and that was a bit awkward, but made me feel good that at least they took my comments to heart.   My partner thinks that I need to remove my picture from my profile.  I think that if I'm going to write something I have to stand by what I say and not do it annonysmously...on our return visit we sat at the bar and had a very pleasant meal.  I had the brie salad which is my favorite thing on the menu. We were given free desert to make up for the first visit.I was also there this morning (third visit) and I was a bit dssapointed.  It just seems that the service is uneven.  Maybe the trick is to sit at the bar.  The bartender that took care of us on the last visit was attentive and very friendly.  The wait staff on the floor just seem overwhelmed...
5	I am a little surprised by the low ratings being given so far to My Florist.  I believe no establishment should be given the full 5 stars unless everything is perfect.  When my girlfriend and I visited late one night after work, the experience at My Florist was exactly that.The service was quick and attentive by an awesome and obviously experienced server named Jason.  The food was quick, and even though we were there late, the quality of our meals was far better than we expected.  To this day my girlfriend still says, "Hey remember that honey mustard chicken we had the other day?" It challenged our culinary expectations.  Hats off to the chef that night.As for the low ratings, our server informed me they're well aware of the areas of opportunity they have at My Florist and are actively improving.  This place is worth a second, third, and fourth chance.  We're going to see great things from these guys in the very near future.Thanks My Florist!
3	I've heard a ton of good things about My Florist and have been meaning to try it out for a long time now. My wife has been and enjoyed it for lunch so we decided to have a late dinner there last night. Was basically empty on a Tuesday at 9pm so that kind of sucked as far as the atmosphere went. The decor is really nice and on most nights (not Mon/Tues) they have someone playing the grand piano that sits off to the side of the dining room.We both started with a martini, both were excellent. We ordered the cheese plate with two cheeses. As far as the cheese goes there wasn't a lot of it, but this was made up for by the rest of the plate. It was amazing. Perfect strawberries and grapes. Some candied walnuts, a jalapeno/cranberry spread that was unexpectedly good, and a pesto butter I really enjoyed. If we came on a busier night and ended things right here, I think i would have given My Florist 4 stars.Unfortunately we ordered dinner. I had the crab cake salad and thought it was pretty good, nothing special. Crab cakes were a little fishy imo but good. My wife had a chicken salad. It was pretty standard but she was really unimpressed with the chicken in it. She's a big believer in making a chicken salad where the chicken really stands on its own. This was just standard chicken breast with no flavor sliced up and thrown in the salad. She did say however that they were very generous with the roasted red peppers which almost made up for the bad chicken.The service was friendly and solid, although it took them a while to realize we were done with our appetizer and hadn't ordered dinner yet, but the salads came out very quickly. I'd happily go back, but with all the other good options so close I probably won't choose to go back if the choice is left up to me.Happy eating!
5	I love My Florist! My sister recommended it to me a few years back, and I cannot stop going. I love going on the weekend when the piano lady is there. She is amazing! The food is wonderful, great drink selections, and a really nice atmosphere. Definitely a favorite of mine.
4	Good breakfast.  Food portions were good and tasty.  Good breakfast place, staff was very friendly.  Very "family" friendly.  Good spot for breakfast on a sunday.
2	Two girls, Saturday lunch - the place was empty...really, on a Saturday afternoon?  Why isn't this place better?  It is so darn cute!Lackluster, slow service.  Mistakes with order (even with more servers than tables occupied).  Servers wanted to kick-up their hills and chit-chat.  Ok, food.
4	It is interesting to read previous reviews of My Florist, as it seems most people are either ambivalent towards the place, or they didn't have a very good experience. I don't seem to fit into either category. Over the years and several visits to My Florist, I've had all great experiences. Never bad service, bad food or bad parking. In fact, I think the food is pretty good.  I've always enjoyed their sandwiches and salads, and their breakfast offerings. My most recent experience was a few months ago with my Mom. It was a Saturday and it was fairly busy for an early lunch. My mom had the brie salad and she loved it, especially the raspberry vinaigrette. I too had the brie salad and also their mushroom and brie soup.  Yes, a bit of a brie overload, but definitely delicious in my book. And, I'll even say I like the look of the place.  It is open and airy, and I love the front wall of windows facing McDowell Rd. Yeah, it isn't an upscale, Gen Y hipster place, but it fits into my late Gen X lifestyle just fine. (And, just to note, I don't wear florals, drive a Lexus, have an above average occupation -- what ever that means -- or live in the 'burbs.)
2	Nice place, the food was ok I had a sandwich which was slightly above a mediocre deli grade sandwich. Not impressed I heard good things about the food, but it's nothing to brag about. I did go in on a Sunday which was also 4th of July the service was great but the food not so much...
5	Loved it here for lunch. Must come back for dinner. Ordered the Cafe Clubhouse Sandwich for lunch (sliced ham and turkey breast, bacon, provolone, swiss, and mayonnaise on a ciabatta square) served with fresh seasonal fruit. The first bite into the sandwich was AWESOME! The combination of the meats, cheese, and bread was SO good. The bacon crunch put it over the top. The fruit was delicious. For those that know me, I ATE fruit and I like it! So sweet and fresh. WOW! The service was great. She was quick to refill on drinks. She even got splitting the checks correct. Once one mini con, the parking. But for this place, I will park anywhere!
3	Had lunch here yesterday with my husbands mom and sister. we started with bloody Mary's and they were super yummy I would come back for those alone. ordered the bruchetta for starters and it was OK, a little steep in price $12 for 4 pieces, they are big slices of bread but big being WAY to thick, we chose 4 different kinds and I liked one and the other two were ehhh. we all ordered different items so we could share and taste. I got the brie salad and it was pretty good the raspberry dressing made it, every now and then I ate a piece of lettuce that tasted like dirt but all in all it was good. sister in law got the Ruben and man was that pastrami thick, I think the slicing made it tuff and chewy. mom in law got the soup sandwich combo , mushroom brie soup was super yummy but her chicken cordon blue was nasty the chicken had that weird been reheated in the microwave taste yuck I ate one bite and that was it. service was good,  place was super cute, prices were a little steep for what you get.   It was a 30 min drive for me so not sure if I will go back.
5	I went to my florist last nite with a girlifriend and it was great. Our drinks were delish...we had the My florist martini same as a French Martini. Chris the bartender was consistant and pleasant to look at :) Our food was really good as well.. but the ambiance is outstanding.
5	I went to My Florist for brunch w/my management team from work.  They were so gracious about seating us at a large table, and never rushed us, although we worked through the morning and into lunch hour.  My colleague said the coffee drink she ordered was excellent.  I loved the scalloped potatoes w/gruyere cheese with my eggs.  The service was impeccable.  I look forward to returning for a more casual weekend brunch with friends.
4	A welcoming experience. My party of three came very late on a Friday night. The food(steak salad, crab cake and chicken) was classic American, not unique but was acceptable. We ordered multiple dishes to share. I'm not going to comment much as many reviewers have already said the same thing. The inside decor is classy and clean,  with a statue styled similar to the one at Rockefeller Center in NY. I like the open layout of the dining room. The table seating were clean and spacious. When we were there, the atmosphere was quiet and that may be due to the presence of the pianist. The pianist played some modern version of pop music and classics that provided us with a fun guessing game of who the singers and songs are that are being translated by the melodies.The server was suggestive as to what favorable dishes would work for us and they were very attentive. They would also try make slightly customized American dishes based on my desire, if they are not on the menu, so I thought that was awesome. The bar style seating provides an invitation to come back next time for a quick meal by oneself  and I like to experience their breakfast menu on another visit. Overall, good service, good safe food, and a relaxed atmosphere.
5	I absolutely love this place.  It is the best for brunch in my opinion.  I am always favoring cheese plates, so if you come here, GET IT!  Cheese plate, Bloody Mary or Mimosa and your day is off to a great start.  The sandwiches are very good as well, it is a laid back atmosphere and has a very modern trendy artsy feel to it on the inside.  Quaint and quiet, a Sunday spent here is well worth it.  I would recommend adults only here, as it is more of a hobnobbing or chit chat place, kids may not be able to sit still and may annoy other patrons.
4	Returned to My Florist for breakfast w/friends.  One friend and I always struggle w/the sweet vs. savory breakfast choice, so we frequently end up ordering one of each and splitting our orders.  We opted for this at My Florist.  We ordered the brioche French toast and the build-your-own omelette.  We got the omelette with gruyere cheese, spinach and bacon.  The portions were huge.  We each got a slice of toast w/real butter, half an order of gruyere scalloped potatoes, half a serving of fresh fruit, half of an enormous omelette, and 2 slices of French toast.  Our server had no problem bringing an extra plate for our meal, which makes splitting orders less messy.  Our coffee, water and ice tea were topped off continuously.  I can't say enough about the omelette.  It had big chunks of bacon, tons of spinach, and gooey melted cheese.  Fabulous!  Real butter and real maple syrup also get a big thumbs-up from me.  If only they had fresh-squeezed orange juice.
5	Loved!  We celebrated my friend's birthday here & the staff, the service, & the entertainment was outstanding.  The vibe was low key with a loungy feel.  I've recommended this place multiple times now & looking forward to another visit again soon.  The best part was the amazing pianist!
2	Very cute place. The predominantly female clientele seemed quite happy.  I was not terribly impressed.  I had the $10 chicken club which was a small sandwich on an enormous plate with a teensy weensy fruit cup.  The sandwich was good enough although a bit heavy on the fat but it really wasn't enough food and it looked very forlorn sitting there on the plate with the tiny plastic ramekin with a few grapes and slices of cantaloupe.My friend had an enormous salad.  My sandwich was gone in about 3 minutes and the server promptly took my plate away leaving me to watch my friend eat for the next 15 minutes and wishing I'd ordered something else.The ambiance was quite pleasant and the service was okay, but I was underwhelmed by the food.  Perhaps a nice place to have a drink or cup of coffee though.
4	Lively and chic environment - went here last night after a show and had their chocolate explosion type of dessert. It was quite tasty.We didn't stay long as it was late but the place made an impression. They had a very talented pianist who actually played the music from Super Mario Brothers, very impressive!Clientele was upscale and sophisticated, the kind of people I like to share an environment with.
4	Food is yummy, depending on my mood it seems over-priced at times. Decor is awesome, clean nice bathrooms. Drinks are usually delicious but sometimes inconsistent. The best time i have had here was later in the evening for an appetizer and drinks at the bar after going to First Friday.
3	-Fancy salad place.-Salads are very yummy.-Parking is a pain in the butt.-Pricey for lunch.
4	My awesome musician lovergirl wanted to bring me here specifically to see Nicole so we could have some kind of pianist bonding session. Unfortunately, she wasn't playing when we went, but I am thoroughly convinced that she is extraordinary. I ordered the sirloin steak salad and mushroom-brie soup. Our server was exceedingly friendly and helpful, and service was prompt. And the food! The soup was worth the visit in itself. It was creamy and mushroomy, and oh so delicious. The steak on my salad came out a little rarer than I would have preferred, but I still enjoyed it, and it was a huge portion at that. I love that my salad wasn't over-dressed, and I was definitely a fan of the candied walnut-blue cheese thing going on up in that sucker. So good.Besides the fact that they serve great bougey food, have incredibly witty and awesome wait staff, and sometimes have half-off bottles of wine, I totally fell for My Florist Cafe's atmosphere. We had a late dinner here, and the whole place was lit in cool blue. It felt very accessibly hip. This is a place I'd definitely come back to. You know... the next time I'm in Arizona. I'm actually very much inclined to visit the Ventura location, which is only about one hour from my home plate--as opposed to five.
4	very airy-feeling restaurant - windows everywhere - the tables are a little crowded in though, so i was glad we got seated in the back, which was unfortunately by the back door (people going in and out), but it seemed better than rubbing elbows with the table next door.they had a baby grand on one side and apparently they have music in the evenings - not sure if that ends up being overwhelming given the size of the restaurant or if it gives it that little something extrai got the spiced butternut squash soup and the baja salad - my dining companions got the turkey & brie sandwich as recommended by the server and they raved about itspiced butternut squash soup (i would give this soup a 5) - it comes with a bruleed ginger marshmallow, which is what really intrigued me - it was SO very yummy! the marshmallow gave it that caramel-y flavor, but not overwhelming. it was a nice dense soup, very good for dipping bread - i like the bread it came with - nice and crunchy on the inside, soft in the middlebaja salad (3) - got this one for the roasted red peppers and caramelized onions, they did not skimp on either! the chicken was cold and i ended up leaving most of it on the plate - the salad overall was yummy
2	The place is a really cool place, but the food was nothing special at all. We had some appetizers and then ordered sandwiches since we thought anything cooked would be a bit disastrous, the bread was hard as a rock and there really was not too much flavor in the sandwiches.
5	I know it is closed, but simply had to post a review for a recent dinner.  Just such a great value considering the great entrees and piano entertainment; sad to see it go.
2	The last two times I've ate here it was NOT good. It took 45 minutes for my friend and I to get salads (and no, they were not busy). The most recent time the service was poor. Took awhile to get refills. Maybe our waiter was new... Either way I don't recommend this place. After talking with friends, they all had similar stories. I like Zoe's way better (it's across the street).
