1	One star...I feel like Jon and Vince as they walk into the casino in "Swingers".  Bally's is "old" school.  The patrons are farting dust they're so old.  Appropriately, the food in this joint tastes like a retirement home.  Salt please! One star b/c this place still attempts to feign luxury.  This is luxury in the same way an 89 Buick is luxury.
4	Just another no-frills hotel. I'm sure you're not planning to stay in your hotel room during the rest of your stay in Vegas, so stay here for lower rates in the best area of the Strip, across from the Bellagio (you might be lucky and get a room with the view of the fountain) and next to Paris. It's in the middle of everything.
4	Where to begin....I love Vegas.  I've been there 3 times and stayed at Bally's once.  The truth is I continue to go back to gamble at Bally's....I've gone for the last 2 years during the first weekend of March Madness and it is crazy.  My boys took home between 5 of them about $10000 playing craps this time, I on the other hand lost.  They have two sports books, at least 6 craps tables, 8 roulettes tables, and plenty of blackjack.  The rooms are good, not great, the location is perfect right in the middle of the strip.  A very good time, I recommend everyone go.
2	After many years am back at Vegas, particularly, at Bally's, for a geek tradeshow convention setup.  It was interesting to see how the strip has changed as well as how my perception of Bally's have likewise changed.  I found it old-school, badly needing an upgrade, and well, just quite moldy.  The rooms are huge, bathroom is marble; yet perhaps I have been spoiled over the last few years with luxurious accommodations, so I find my current dig as "blah".The slot machines have been upgraded though.  Quarters don't ching-ching cash-out.  To cash-out, a barcode ticket spews out of a slot where you can re-use in other machines or cash-out in the cashier.Blah accommodations and more blah for losing over $100.00.  Worse blah for charging $20 to access their gym and $10 for internet access.  I skipped the gym, but could not resist the internet.
3	Total vegas chintz that we are well enjoying. No eye candy at the pool, but they serve LARGE cocktails. Not the most fabulous of hotels, but centrally located and fun. And the rooms are pretty ok too...People here are old, but then again, who was planning on pulling in vegas anyways??
3	The few times I have been to Vegas, I like staying at Bally's. It's not very expensive, and mostly because of it's fabulous location!  It is right in the heart of the Las Vegas strip.  With the Bellagio right across the way, Caesar Palace diagonal, The Venetian next door, and the Wynn only a block or so away, it is an awesome location!  The rooms are standard, nothing to really rage about.  You get what you pay for.  However, just my luck that the times I have been there, I'm been upgraded...not once, not twice, but three times!  Yep, that's right.  I found myself in the Celebrity Suite, which can mean different things, depending on what tower you stay in.  And yes, the North Tower is newer.  I have stayed in both towers and been in the Celebrity Suites in both towers too.  The South tower had a larger room, but the North Tower had newer furniture.  You can't help but love it when you find yourself with a king size bed, a hot tub, a steam room, and a separate living room/dining room/wet bar.  I even found a gym in one of my rooms!  Yes - a gym!  Although the last time I didn't get the Celebrity Suite, I still found a bidet in my room.  I mean, the last time I saw a bidet was in France!  Fancy that! The view from my rooms have ranged from the water show at the Bellagio to the Barbary Coast hotel on the other side. It just all depends on what you really want.And no, I am so not a gambler!  It's just my luck that the front desk wanted to upgrade me!  So, I think the front desk staff is fabulous in my book!  Be extra nice to them, and don't forget to tip when they do help you out!  After all, they are doing YOU a favor.  Side note: If you're flying in, you can actually check in and get your hotel key at the airport.  They have a section by the baggage claim for you to skip the lines at the hotel and get your keys there.  This can save you tons of time so you can hop on up to your room and get ready to party quicker.  (Then again, the chances of getting upgraded at the airport are less likely in my opinion.  I've always been upgraded when checking in at the actual hotel.)And remember...what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!
4	One of the last "old" hotel/casino's on the strip.  I am frankly very surprised that they haven't demolished this place yet to put up a super duper hotel.
5	This place is great. Cheap rooms. Great location. Join the players club and they always send you free room offers. IMHO the best place to stay in Vegas for the money.
3	the location was good and the rooms were cheap and big enough for 4 girls in vegas for a bachelorette party to sleep and get ready in.  basic and clean.  i got there at 1am on saturday  morning because my flight was delayed so i don't know if anyone tried to get an upgrade.  that would've been nice.the sidewalk cafe for a snack late night was ok but the service was really slow.  the portions are big so if you aren't that hungry, you should try to share with someone.  i wasted a lot of food this weekend.at night getting a cab or limo to other casinos was easy.  on sunday at noon, not so much.  maybe this wasn't typical but the line was long and it seemed like a cab came by every ten minutes instead of the long line just waiting for people the night before.
3	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.I think that this location was OK.  With hotels being built all around, it's getting much better.The hotel is a bit small and seems to draw an older crowd.  There is really nothing special about this hotel and has really no big draw.  This is a favorite hotel for business people for some reason.TIP: If you decide to stay at this hotel, request to stay in the original tower vs. the newer one.  You will enjoy the bigger sized room for the same price.
4	**UPDATE**Okay, after staying at the Alladin/ Planet Hollywood I am going to beg Ballys to take us back!!!  I went back there my last day and everything was sunshine compared to the OTHER hotel. I will just have to be super sweet and bat my eyelashes and wink at the receptionist (whether guy or girl) and beg for the newer cleaner rooms next time we are there. My guy and I figured that the people at the OTHER HOTEL are so rude and arent ready to jump to keep you happy because they arent UNIONIZED. I am giving this hotel an upgrade to 4 stars. LUV YA BALLYS!!!! PS... They do have comfortable beds & room service is also good. This is one of the worst hotels. If you are the new side the rooms are a bit better. But still not up to par. We go there at least 3 times a year because of business and it sucks that the organization can only use this place. Most of the time the check in people are rude.
3	VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!!!Disclaimer - I've never stayed here.  However, I did, ahem, take a room for a test drive.  Ahem.Anywhoooo!  The layout of the public areas can be a bit confusing, but I think that's on purpose.  The beds are nice and comfy, and the bathrooms have that posh - we're not in Kansas anymore feel.  They have excellent black out curtains for mid day napping.We saw the most HILARIOUS thing while waiting for a cab.  A guy on his bachelor party fell out of a cab.  At first we thought he had been hit by something because the sound was so loud.  He was loudly thanking all his boys for coming to Vegas with him.  Gravity was his enemy.  At one point, one of the less drunk pals tossed the groom over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes to try to get him into the hotel. I am knocking them down a star because they did not have enough cabs 24/7.  When this Diva decides it's time to leave and she's been wearing sexy heels, she needs a cab....faster than a prom dress comes off in a limo.
4	3 1/2 stars.  When I arrived at Bally's for our weekend stay, my expectations were loooooow.  But I was pleasantly surprised.We were a group of 11, and we ended up getting a Grand Suite with an adjoining room.  The suites aren't that much bigger, they just have a big bathroom with a jacuzzi tub in the middle.  But seeing as we were a group of girls, not really worth the extra amount we paid for the suite.  And I think the regular hotel rooms are bigger than a lot of rooms that I've stayed in.We were informed that if we tried to use the shower, it would cut our hand.  So a maintenance man came up to fix it, and he told us about his favorite places to go in Vegas... All strip clubs.This place has prime location, and the pool was fun.  It didn't have the glamour of a Bellagio or a Caesars, but we were always able to get lounge chairs, and there were cocktail girls who brought us drinks.  In the casino, don't miss the party pit.  It's a set of tables where they play top 40 music from a boombox, and they give you mardi gras beads and other prizes if you get a blackjack.  I thought it was amusing.  All in all, not the glitziest place you'll ever stay, but I would definitely come back to Bally's.
4	Whenever I go to vegas, I usually stay at this hotel because of course for the location and cheap rooms.  So when arriving, everything was the same.  Our view wasnt great but found out that if we looked to the right of us, we had a decent view of the Bellagio Fountain show.  And at night, it was great.  When I first got to bally's back in 2002, the hotel was just a basic Casino hotel, it houses lots of viejo's (old people).  But now that is changing or they are trying to change their image.  When playing craps on a Friday afternoon, they had reggaeton playing over the card tables.  And my first impression was "what is this about? bally's trying to be hip?".  It just didnt mix well.  Then they had a pool party where they had a dj and games going on.  I dont know... it just didnt seem to go together....It wasnt the bally's that i knew back then!! LOLDont get me wrong, I love to party but I want to go to the party, not live in the party.  I just hope that not every hotel is changing into a Jerry Springer show on Spring break.
3	3.5 stars. No frills, unpretentious, prime location, and cheap! I would stay here again.I stayed at Bally's during my most recent trip to Las Vegas. We booked 2 standard rooms with 2 queens in each room. Our rooms were in the South Tower, which I believe is the ghetto-er of the 2 (the other being the North Tower). This observation comes from not knowing where our room was and getting lost in the North Tower for a bit. The South Tower has older carpet, isn't as brightly lit, and might have smaller rooms since it has more rooms.We finally got to our rooms. They were modest yet pretty spacious (pics). They didn't give us the mini fridge we requested, so we just made the best out of some ice buckets. One of our rooms was fine. It didn't have any weird smells, but had a slight cocoa smell. The other room smelled like Flintstone's vitamins...I kid you not. Also, the hair dryer in that room didn't even work and their sheets were not the cleanest feeling.Room service was ok. It took 30 minutes to get a plate of appetizers to our room. The front desk, bellboy and the guy who flags down taxis were all very nice people.Other than that, no complaints! Great view of the Strip from our rooms and being centrally located, you can get to pretty much anywhere. Thank God for the monorail and free shuttles to Rio, or else we would've been roasted by the sun.
2	This place has got to step up it's game to compete with the big boys. First off, fix your damn entrance because the elevator was broken and it was 100+ degrees in the shade. Second, I am hoping you go the way of The Frontier and renovate. Survival of the fittest.
4	Great location on the Strip. Why? Good cheap, I'd come back here. The accommodations, nice. Service, friendly and understanding. They moved our first room to bigger room because our first room was not completely clean.HUGE ROOMS!! ABLE TO FIT 7 GIRLS in one room for two queen size beds...affordable. bathroom, hard to use with 7 girls.It was central to the best hotels off the strip & i must add there is an indoor passageway to Paris and a short walking distance to Bellagio and Caesar's. Free shuttle to Rio and Paris.Bally's is a simple, reasonable, no nonsense place to stay.
4	What a great hotel experience - the accommodations were great and service was very friendly and helpful.  Our room was amazing - we had 8 girls and were given three rooms - one even had a king bed and three bathrooms - NICE.The pool is decent and we got a cabana for a decent price which came with a tv, misters, fan, fruit basket, and service was definitely friendly, a little slow but overall good.The location is key and has entrance to Paris which was great for eats.  Not bad if you're just looking for a place to crash, get ready, etc.
1	OK, we stayed here.  Why?  Because there was no room at Caesar's Palace.  (Why?  Who the **** knows!)Why?  Because it's "kitty-corner" to Caesar's, where the group of family members were staying for combination 50th Birthday and Family Reunion Party.  Yeah, but why here?  Damned if I know, the big party was at THE Hotel at the Mandalay Bay.  *shrug*Smelly, stinky, filled with cigarette smoke not only on the casino floor (sort of to be expected), but also within our allegedly non-smoking, teeny, tiny room!  The room itself?  I've stayed in rooms at Motel 6 that were less stinky and more comfortable.The pool?  Closed.The food?  P-u-u-u-l-l-l-e-e-e-e-e-z-e . . . we kept going elsewhere!  (Even the "sidewalk" cafe in Paris was better!)When are they gonna tear THIS sucker down and put up something better?
4	I like bally's...it's a great alternative to Paris...when you can just walk through the hallway and there you are!! the Cafe right by the escaltors that take you down...i love that place...great service and great food!...lots of fun games too
3	In a sea of glistening towers and dirtbag lodging, Bally's stands firmly in the middle, proud of its mediocrity. What other reason would this hotel be still standing? Because its attached to Paris? Seriously, I won't stay here again. While the location is key, there is something to be said for decent service, which Bally's just does not offer. From the gym ($22 for GUESTS), to room service (waits of more than an hour for a nasty quesadilla? Oh hell no), and the disgusting section that is the South Tower, with its Shining hallways and mildew scented rooms, its time for a FULL overhaul.  I spent a week here for a conference, and now I know better. If you have to do it, get a room in the North Tower, and spend most of your time in other hotels.
4	Just spent last week at Bally's.  On the bang for the buck scale it's 4 stars.Pluses:- Location, location, location- BIG rooms- PriceMinuses:- Not much of a pool- A bit oldPictures on my website ... see profile
3	One of the older hotels on the strip, Bally's is well deserving of it's longevity and reputation. Sure it's not one of the newer or fancier establishments, but it is world renowned and for good reasons.The rooms are fairly priced and well designed. Nothing special, but very comfortable and sizeable too. For what you pay, you get a lot in return, especially for the location on the strip. Food is good and moderately priced. Vegas is known for its cuisine and the monsterous buffets. Bally's has very pleasant buffets with large selection and good flavour.I haven't frequented this hotel, but I do know that it's a favourite. Among the newer establishments, Bally's maintains its right to rub shoulders with giants on the strip.
4	So I stayed here end of August for a friend's bachelor party. Somehow we managed to squeeze 8 of us into a standard room registered for 2 (maybe 3 cus we got a rollaway bed). The room was plenty big compared to many other casino's standard rooms. I think it was 500 square feet, maybe a little bigger.   The room was clean, bed was clean n'comfy enough, bathroom was quite large, marble flooring, and most importantly...the shower had a constant temperature and pressure. Unlike some hotels that SUCK (i.e. Tropicana). The pricing for Ballys is also very good, and dirt cheap given we snuck everyone in the room. I think those of us who stayed 2 nights paid $70 each.    The casino itself is pretty small, clean, but lacking that fun atmosphere that many other Vegas Casinos have. But alas..Paris is right next door and connected without having to go outside...(it was 110 outside when I was there...I may be from Guam..but DAMN that's hot).  The location of Ballys is one of the best on the strip without having to pay huge $$$ and not staying in a sh*thole that is Imperial Palace.  Anyway 4 stars for overall value for Bally's. It's not the best, it's not horrible...the pool is large, but boring...no waterfall or slide..but if you just want to layout and get drunk...that works. Oh and the monorail has a stop at Ballys...Ballys is definitely a convenient place to stay.~G
4	So I have mostly good things to say about Bally's.  The one bad thing: I wish they would invest in a better ventilation system, because the smoke hung in the air longer here than it did elsewhere, and always smelled kind of gross like cigarettes.  The other nicer casinos didn't have that problem.Otherwise, I was pleasantly surprised.  The cashiers were really friendly, and the dealers were kind.  We were right smack in the middle of everything, which made for easier walking in heels, and our room was totally not what we expected.  It was huge, for one, and they didn't shirk on any amenities.  Cleaning service was great, too.  The Indigo Lounge doesn't require a super long wait, which is nice, because in Vegas, you feel like you're always waiting in line.
3	My goal whenever I visit Vegas is to stay at a different hotel each time, and this time it was Bally's (actually, this is the hotel my cousin chose for our weekend trip). I was pleasantly surprised...the establishment itself may be outdated but the rooms were HUGE and ROOMY! The room worked out really well for us since it was 4 of us girls sharing the room. The rest of our group occupied a suite that also accomodated a big number of people.If you're not planning on spending too much time in your room while in Vegas, I would recommend staying at Bally's for a reasonable price, roomy accomodations, and a centralized location on the strip.
3	If you want to party with the beautiful people in Vegas, this ain't the place.If, however, you want to party with the cranky middle aged couple from Ohio that is gambling their kids college tuition on single deck blackjack - then you've hit nirvana my friend!!!!No big clubs, no hip restaurants and no Grey Goose and red bulls for you. And the sports book? Down the escalator, through the mall next to the deli and donut shop. Zzzzzzzzzzzz....But, on the bright side the rooms are big enough to squeeze in ten of your best new crap table buddies, several ladies from the local gentleman's establishment and of course that cranky couple from Ohio....Seriously though, this is Vegas. You're not going to see the room until your head either hits the pillows or the toilet. The hotel is central on the strip, and an affordable cab ride to the nicer casinos. If you can stand the jean shorts crowd, you could stay here and walk across the street to Bellagio and save yourself $200 a night.
3	What would've passed off as above average adjoining rooms all went to hell once our entire 12 man bachelor party crew set foot inside. I mean, the only thing noticeable was the hot tub (that no one used) and that each room came with a purty good sized tv that included all the basic cable channels. Bathrooms and bedrooms were nice 'n spacious...they had to be. And it was cool, yet probably necessary to have a coupla chairs and even a sofa in our main room. There's internet access if one is so inclined, as well. Even though the gambling, partying, drinking and all manner of debauchery took place OUTSIDE the hotel, we still tore that place up, without even really trying. As Wynona's character in Reality Bites said...we turned 'em into DENS of SLACK.
3	I have to agree that location is definitely the reason to stay here. When I got there unfortunately there were only smoking rooms left.  I had no idea that smoke can penetrate a room so deeply that it smells like smoke for days.  There's a lesson for ya kids - think what that means for your lungs!!Anyhoo, the room was ok.  Some rust in the bathroom, the shower nozzle was beat down and the cable tv leaves something to be desired (I know, I know, it's Vegas, who's watching tv...ME).  The point is that you are center strip, close to everything, especially Paris, whose buffet was just wonderful.
3	This hotel was so bland, I cannot even recall what my room looked like.  The slots were abundant.  I do not even recall eating there. They do have a nice waiting area for the airport shuttle.  But other than that, it was not all that impressive or exciting.  Now, at night, they did have a nice free show with a dynamic R&B band.  I was able to view the full show from my slot machine.
3	Like Mary T said, this is the best place to stay when on a budget.  It's right in the middle of the Strip.  It doesn't have a "theme" like the majority of the other casinos, but if you want to stay somewhere that's decent, this place is it.  The rooms are clean and the front desk were really helpful.  I played the slots and the blackjack tables and did ok.  If you're expecting the ultimate in entertainment and gambling, it's not here.  But if you want to go somewhere that is somewhat low-key (about as low-key as you can in Vegas), come here.
3	If you can't judge a book by it's cover, you certainly can't judge a casino by it's fascade.  That's my take on Bally's--it ain't pretty on the outside, but you'll be surprised by the rooms on the inside.The first thing you'll notice when you walk in is how much the lobby does not match the outside.  It's almost as if you're transported to another casino.  Granted, it's no Bellagio, but I would say that it's on par with other casinos such as Paris or New York, New York but without the themepark feel.  Plus, if you like to gamble, there are plenty of tables and slots to play at.I can't really comment on the food here.  The truth is, you don't have to.  Paris is right next door, you don't even have to step outside to get there, Caesars and Bellagio are right across the street, and the monorail can get you to othe casinos (although if you're with friends, it'll probably be cheaper to split a cab).The rooms were nice.  We paid $99 a night for a full-sized bathroom, a bed, a sofa bed, and a sad excuse for a minibar with a small fridge that comes in handy when you actually have a doggy bag worth revisiting and an extra sink.  You'll notice just a touch of wear along the edges of the furniture, but in all honesty, that's a little nitpicky considering the fact that you're in the middle of the Strip.When all's said and done, Bally's is a great deal for the money.  But the reason I have to give it three stars are the comps: I've been offered free rooms at more upscale casinos.  With that option available every now and then, do you really want to stay here?
3	This place is a bit old school, its still a pretty place, but with a few upgrades it would be sexy! The food wasn't great tho, so i would def eat somewhere else. But this is a good place to stay to save some money.The rooms are clean and big so its money well spent.
4	I really, really liked this place!  I didn't expect much, because it was almost a hundred dollars cheaper than hotels around it (Caesar's and Bellagio are right across the street), but I was pleasantly surprised!  The room was clean and big, and was very nice for a standard room.  The beds were very, very soft.  I ordered room service for breakfast and it came quickly and they catered to my special requests.  I loved the casino, my boyfriend and I kept hitting on the slot machines and we were making so much money on the crap tables!  Bally's is connected to the Paris so if you get bored of Bally's you can just walk over to the Paris.  There was tons of places to eat.  We only left Bally's/Paris once to go watch the celebrities at the Palms because we went the weekend of the MTV Video awards.  Other than that, we loved Bally's!
5	Old-school Vegas place.  Originally, I was apprehensive as it was an older place on the strip.  But I was impressed in person...I remember the rooms were huge, and great for the prices...Two queen-sized beds in one bedroom/one bath for a very reasonable price.   Decent view of the strip too.  The place was really clean too.The people/service was quite friendly and helpful.  The amenities were okay...but we had a decent package with coupons for food and discounts on their topless show.  It was a great time for us just-turned-21-year-olds then.    The show was okay...and the food was interesting...some of it was a bit over-priced and plenty of it was dirt-cheap.  We were all semi-broke...so...this place was pretty awesome for us!Location is great though...pretty much in the middle of everything... It was nice to walk through the casinos...;-) especially as it was 90+ degrees out at the time!
3	So the outside of this place screams 80's party.  Once I got checked in I sacked out on the bed for a minute to assess my surroundings  -- Turquoise "shaggish" carpeting, old school floral bedding and...drum roll......mirrors on the ceiling!  This place had to be the pimpest suite in Vegas in '83, but times have changed a little.  The staff was fantastic, the rates were very affordable and the casino is not bad.  They also do a very good job with larger conferences now that they team up with the Rio and 1/2 a dozen other properties and have 1 company do it all.This is NOT the place to see and be seen.  It's not quite Fremont St, but definitely far from Palms/Venetian/Bellagio.  If there is a remote chance you're going clubbin' stay elsewhere.  If you're chillin in Vegas on a budget this place is alright.It was a nice trip down memory lane, but as I rolled away in a cab all I could think is bub-bye, you're going to have the same fate as the Tropicana.
2	Nothing swank about place at all.  On the good side, rooms are clean and bathrooms are nice.  Sheets and bedding are comfortable.   On the down side, no Mini-Fridge or Bar a less than average mall downstairs with the lowest common denominator franchises like sbarro pizza and regis hair salon.  If you are going to Vegas to have the vegas experience, not the place.  No shopping, clubs, nice restaurants or other amenities.  Decor is "classic vegas" at best.  Casino is extremely smoky and the place made my allergies go crazy.If you are just looking for somewhere to sleep in a central location with a decent room Bally's is ok.  Spend an extra $60 a night and you can lay your head in a more modern updated casino with breathable air and good food.I would recommend Ceasar's, MGM, TI, NYNY or other for a bit more action and room service you can enjoy.  If you really want to splurge, the Wynn and Bellagio are my favorites.
2	Review is for the Casino Bar near the stairway to the Buffet.Sorry Lilly.  You're real cute and all, and I appreciate the offer, but I don't pay for sex. It's one of my rules.I hope you and Zoe found a willing victim, though. Everyone's gotta get paid. Just not by me.Your pal,Dave
3	Bally's is pretty average.  It's not as flashy as the other casinos, and it's decor is a bit old school.  That being said, it's decent for the price.  Now that I've stayed at TI, however, I'd rather go there.
2	Wow. Three and a half stars. That surprises even me.I spent 2 nights here last week on a business trip (read: trade show,) and had a pretty mediocre or less experience.  We were in a huge group and all staying at Ballys, and were even renting two gigantic suites in which to conduct meetings throughout the show.  One of the women I was traveling with went in to check everything out in one of the suites before the CEO arrived and realized that they were completely re-tiling the bathroom, even though they'd promised this suite to the company the following night. The entire ceiling had been demolished and was sitting in the tub when she went in to check everything out. Ooops.Another one of my colleagues had a plumber on the floor under her sink when she checked into her room, and my room had literally no shower head; just a pipe coming out of the wall blowing 90-mile-an-hour water all over the tub/shower area.  Nice wake-up call anyway.The restaurant selection is also really limited, and none of their "signature" restaurants is open for lunch. There's an Italian place, a steakhouse and a Japanese/sushi place plus a coffee shop. I think that the sushi place does serve lunch and the coffee shop is pretty much open around the clock. Unlike even Planet Hollywood, there are no branded restaurants to speak of. Even PH has PF Chang's and a Starbucks.The sad thing is that I know none of this is limited or particular to Ballys.  With the gazillions of hotel rooms in the city to attract and "accommodate" the gazillions of visitors, there is no such thing as personalized service or one-on-one experiences. You're just another person in their hotel/casino, walking around with a drink in the elevators, running up and down the hallways screaming in the middle of the night, 18 of you to a room and because they've lost the personal touch, the hotel and its management couldn't give even a tiny shit.The experience in Vegas is bleak, and I found nothing calming or oasis-like about Ballys. I think I'd like Bellagio or Mandalay Bay better, even though I've never stayed there.  Ballys is a step up from Flamingo and the likes, and it's on the monorail route (not that it won't take you forever to walk out there from your room,) but I'm thinking that's not quite cutting it anymore. It's centrally located across from Bellagio and connected to Paris (which was where we ended up to eat mostly,) and by comparison I imagine, on the lower side for pricing.
4	I find it funny that their motto is "Bally's: Stay Classic" - which is really a euphemism for "we're outdated but we don't care." True, Bally's can be thought of as "outdated" considering that it's surrounded by supercasinos Bellagio and Caesar's. Really though, it's a good, low-key option if you want to stay on the strip but want to avoid the major crowds. It isn't super theme-y, but it's still an awesome location because you have quick access to everything along Las Vegas Blvd. And you can stay here without breaking the bank. The room we had was spacious... hey, it fit 6 of us girls and all of our stuff comfortably. Only complaint would be the LONG walk from the elevator to our room. Not fun to do after a night out in heels. Bonus for Bally's being right across the street from the Victorian Room at Bill's (formerly Barbary Coast) which always satisfies my drunken munchies after a night out of drinking.
3	Bally's is a great hotel if you want to stay on the strip and on a budget  .. just don't do what we did .. fit 7 girls in one room.
3	Not bad, but there are many better choices on the strip.  Pros: friendly staff, good location, large rooms.  Cons: Rooms outdated. Few on-site amenities. Not very luxurious.  Details:  I stayed here for the first time recently, 3 nights.  I was in the north tower (facing flamingo blvd) which I understand has been renovated while the south tower has not.  My room was very large and well furnished, but not opulent.  But it seemed to be a mile from elevators.  The guests seemed mostly mainstream Americans, not the young beautiful rich people you see at other places.  I called the hotel operator to be connected to concierge for help getting show tickets; operator told me there is no concierge; but I should look at the magazine in my room!  I could not believe it.  Maybe the operator was wrong, or maybe they really have no concierge.  Either way, thats a let down.  On the plus side, staff was exceptionally friendly.  Rita at front desk was cheerful and helpful even though I was probably the 500th drunk she'd had to deal with that night.  I think I'd feel better if I'd gotten the room via some type of super web deal.  But for what I paid, expected better.
3	Bally's is an oldie but an goodie because the rooms are fairly big and cheap.  However, they got rid of their buffet so you have to walk over to Paris and eat there, or wander around down the Strip to find some good eats.  The gaming area is stuck in a time-warp from the 1980's, especially with the Party Pit tables but it's still not bad although everything was starting to look a little shabby.  They might need to revamp some of the chairs and tables to update them, but other than that, it's a great location to lay your head down in Vegas.
3	OKI'll start with our room. It should really be a 2 star review.I didn't see much of it. I was upset that it wasn't in the remodeled tower.F*** it. Only thing I used was the shower and I slept once for about 4 hours. I'm awarding 3 stars because it was across the street from Drais and my walk of shame was only a few minutes. HAHAH!
4	I stayed here last weekend, and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of our room. Spacious, well appointed and clean. Make sure to request the North Tower versus the South Tower. The location can't be beat, and I love the coffee cart across from the registration desk. I wasn't blown away by the pool area and our cabana, but that's a minor complaint. Great value!
4	Ballys is a great deal because of location, location, location. I give it three stars for ambiance and first impressions. We stayed at the South Tower and the decor/room condition was straight out of the 1980s Love Boat era of interior decor. Casino floor was aight. Walls couldn't muffle out the giggling of drunken college girls stumbling down the hallway. So how does it get four stars? For shopaholics and big ballers, its nestled across from the Bellagio and Caesars. Can we say cha-ching for Chanel, Prada, Louis Vuitton, Hermes, etc.?For hammy tourists, its right next to Paris (Hello Eiffel Tower! Oui, oui to the Arc de Triomphe!). For movie-lovers, its an easy walk to watch the Bellagio's spectacular water show, ala Ocean's 11. And for old people, it's an easy shuffle to each of these destinations when you're traveling with your mom and aunties. Good deal.
5	Spacious rooms at a bargain rate + cocktail waitresses that are faster than Olympic class sprinters + the guy throwing the dice at the craps table who helped me win $2100.00 in 45 minutes x 20 smiling laughing partying revelers around the craps table = 5 Fucking stars for Ballys. Thanks for bankrolling my next trip.
2	Ok, this is going to be long because I stayed here for 4 nights for business. This was the location of a conference and the recommended location for lodging. I can't complain too much since my company paid for lodging, food, and travel but I've stayed in MUCH better places in Vegas...I checked in at 9pm and there was only 1 person behind the counter. they could have used a 2nd person (there were about 3 people in line). I was quickly checked in to a room on the 18th floor of the north tower (view of a parking lot). The room was better than expected. Everything seemed clean and the loveseat was perfect to curl up on to do some reading.Here is some info regarding my stay-Smoke- I asked for a non-smoking room, but the entire property stinks. I think the ventilation system needs to be renewed.Air- Just because it's 106 outside doesn't mean they have to compensate by making it 46 inside. The AC was POWERFUL.Food- Sidewalk Cafe- service SUCKED. Food was ok.Room Service- I had breakfast 2x in my room. Food arrived quickly, was hot, and the portions were very nice. However, they don't pick the trays up and there was food left for almost 24 hours in the hallway...eck.It's a hotel in Vegas, the food is expensive.Customer Service- very poor. The employees did not look happy to be there. No one was smiling, no one wished you a good day as you walked by. They just didn't care, and they even didn't care who knew that they didn't care!Pool- GROSS! I went out at 5pm to sit in a lounge chair, have a cocktail, and read a book...the bar closed at 5 (but the pool was open until 8- that makes no sense), the chairs were not comfortable and looked really dirty, and there were stupid kids splashing in the pool.
4	Great hotel for location right in the middle-ish of the strip. Rooms are reasonably priced and roomy. If you join the total rewards players club you get an even bigger price cut on the room when you book. I usually stay here when ever i go to Vegas because the staff at the front counter is nice and if you ask for upgrades they try to get them. I got a room upgrade a few weeks ago just for saying it was my b-day. Pool is kinda lame, so we go to another hotels pool. Has cool shopping area with tasty treats on the pool level of the hotel. Some rooms have fridges some don't the bigger ones have more amenities then the regular rooms, but all in all this hotel is a good experience.
4	Okay, this was a pretty good hotel...  Location is good...  Right in the middle of everything.  Rooms are fairly decent, and when you can get a good deal, even all the better...  Their rooms are clean and roomy, and their staff is hospitable... all the things you should be looking for when shopping for hotel rooms...
3	My husband and I stayed here 3 nights thanks to a "buy 1 night, get 2 nights" coupon, so the price was excellent.The rooms were clean and comfortable, no complaints there.  The location is good, but the building appears shabby and dated next to it's neighbor, Paris.  I suppose my biggest complain was the long haul from the parking garage to the rooms... through long corridor, down an escalator, through the Paris shopping plaza, through the heart of Bally's casino and finally to the bank of room elevators.  What a pain!It's an OK hotel for a cheap rate... just don't expect to be awed like some of the bigger, fancy places.
4	This is where I stayed on a recent trip to Vegas.  All in all, it's a nice hotel casino - nothing spectacular, but it filled all my needs.  It's centrally located for sort-of easy access to the surrounding casinos. Comfy clean rooms in the older (south?) tower, good service, very nice pool... there was a DJ spinning fun music (hip hop I think) when we got in Friday evening, and early Saturday morning they played more mellow stuff.  AND the pool is only for Bally's hotel guests, which is a nice touch I guess. Bally's is connected to Paris so you can explore a couple casinos at once, and Paris has all the themed wonderfulness that Bally's doesn't bother itself with.  There's actually a really good, authentic-y Japanese restaurant on the lower level, on the way to the pool.  I tried ochazuke there for the first time.  And a couple stores with cute clothes and shoes in case you find something lacking in your travel bag.
4	I love this hotel because I somehow get complimentary upgrades a lot. I think it's my charm cause it can't be my good looks. LOL.For the price, it's not a bad hotel with a solid location on the strip. Just make sure you request the North Tower (newer one). I stayed in the South Tower suite once and it was okay. The furniture was pretty old but the fact that I paid for a regular room and got a room 4 times the size with a bar, millions of couches, and a few TV's, I really could not complain.Only 1 somewhat bad experience when I requested a non-smoking room and got a smoking room. Non-smoking should not be REQUEST. It should be standard. A king or 2 queen beds is a request. I can live with not sleeping with my girlfriend but I can't live with my face shoved in a pillow that smells like years of nicotine! But after a call downstairs, they moved me into the North Tower Executive Suite for a night free of charge. Holla! It had a mini work out room with a bike and those hand rails in case you want to be a ballerina I guess? Plus, the hotel connects to Paris so I don't have to walk outside. Yay!Low limit tables for those looking to just gamble for "fun".
4	Great value for the location.  The rooms are really spacious and the staff was really helpful and friendly.  We got a room in the North tower based on reviews from tripadvisor.com saying that they were more updated.  The only noticeable flaw  was the peeling paint from the bathroom cabinet.   Other than that our stay was fabulous and I wouldn't mind staying there again.
4	The best part about Bally's is the location.  They're right smack dab in the middle of it all.  The rooms are very comfortable with a lot of room to move around.  The bathrooms are also really nice.  The worst part about Bally's is the casino, which needs a little  upgrade, but I would not let that stop me from staying here.  If you're looking for a middle of the road priced hotel with clean rooms and a GREAT location, Bally's is the place.
3	3.5 stars.Nice spacious suite room on the 21st floor. Bathrooms could've been nicer, you can tell they are getting a bit old.  The people in the hotel were okay.... people by the pool were super friendly and provided great service.  Drink prices were a bit steep.  Unfortunately, even on non-smoking floors, they smell like smoke.
4	The Bally experience, Its one of the best location on the strip across from Caesar, near MGM ,Mirage and Tresure Island. the room was excellent looks like new we were in 926 no noise or loud ice machine near by, and best of all about $50 on a weekday. as for gambling, downtown has better odds, the super casino is alway higher odds against the players.
3	We really enjoyed the poker room here which unlike several casinos has an "all day" poker room. The rest of the hotel could stand for a bit of a makeover, but since it is attached to Paris and a stop on the Monorail, it gets a lot of traffic. The other table games were tough, but I did end up winning a few dollars over all. The food court area and shops are less than desirable, but considering some of the other dumps we strolled through, we were happy to spend time here.
3	I rate hotels in Las Vegas different from most hotels because when I stay at a hotel in Las Vegas I gamble there, I eat there, I'll usually go to the nightclub or lounge there and possibly shop there.  I might go to other establishments for anything I mentioned above but it's nice if I don't have to.  The rooms here are nice.  They're pretty normal except it has a classy feel.  I believe it's the dark wood accents.  The slot machines didn't pay out much here and the selection on the dollar slots are very limited.  If you want to eat at one of the best brunches in Las Vegas, this is one.  It's not cheap but worth it.  Make sure you have reservations and make sure you bring your appetite.  Here when you get served water, it's Perrier, the champagne is Perrier Jouet..not the flower bottle but it's very nice.   Sure they have whole cracked lobster as does several places but here you'll get Sturgeon cavier, Chilean Sea Bass,    crab, lamb, an omelet station, etc.   There's no club here and I don't remember any shopping either but don't quote me on that.
5	Wow! I must say I was very surprised at my stay here! We usually stay at Rio or Harrah's. The rooms were decent size and clean. I love how you don't hear the plumbing like in Harrah's. That is BIG PLUS for me! Location is great on the strip too!I'll be staying here from now on instead of Harrah's. I'll go to Rio if we have a more people though!Like a hidden gem............for Vegas hotels at least!
4	I was in town for a conference at this hotel.  Stayed here for 5 days in September/2008 in the South Tower.   Room was adequate and the view was excellent (Paris Tower and the Bellagio fountains).The location is excellent.....as all other reviewers stated, they are located next to Paris, Bellagio, and Caesars.  You are right in the center of the strip.Didn't spend much time in the room...hey, you are in Vegas....The room cost was very economical (paid an average of $79 per night) and it was worth it.   We just needed a decent place to crash for a few hours before going back into the jungle.   I would return again.
3	I don't know why I really like this place. Is it the location near Paris and even better Caesars. Or maybe it's an understated casino in the middle of the Strip. I like the fact that you can park in the Paris parking lot and walk to Ballys and its all indoors. That's cool that they're adjacent to one another. Another thing that's cool is that there is a Sbarro that's downstairs.What Ballys doesn't have working for them is that its not a young people's resort. Not super hip bars nor super hip clubs. The pool's not that great either. It's a budget option for a room, then you'll probably hit PLanet Hollywood and Caesars if you want to go out. So it's good in that respects. Ballys is really old school. It's kinda like the Stardust or Riviera on the middle section of the strip.If you want a cheap or even comped place to play. Get a Harrahs card, play it, get your points and one of the best places to get a comped room is Ballys. It's right there on the strip. Even though it's been passed in features by other resorts close to it, Ballys is still a good bargain.
2	Stayed for a conference; extended trip for personal vacation.  When checking in, last night of stay was quoted $9.99; when returned home, learned that I was charged $179.  Managements excuse was "someone mis-entered your rate when making the reservation, we reserve the right to increase your rate to correct the error.")  I was expecting no more than $139/night, so was shocked to pay that much to stay at this hotel!  There are better hotels on the strip for that amount (or lower), so in retrospect I would have switched hotels had I known the true rate!The pros:  smaller hotel, so easy to navigate the casino/lobby, good cocktail service on the gaming floor, centrally located.The cons:  long check-in, check-out lines, billing errors not resolved to my satisfaction, rude customer service at the management level.
4	To be honest, i was expecting much less than i got!  I've stayed at 10 other hotels on the strip and i'd have to say that this one was the best deal overall.  The location just can't be beat for the price.  The hotel has a monorail station which we used often and being so close to the other hotels was really convenient.  The hotel itself was much nicer than i was expecting.  The rooms were very nice and clean and the beds were quite comfortable.  I was really surprised!  Much nicer than i thought.  Best hidden bargain on the strip.
4	no this place isnt "top of the line" but id hafta say.. i love staying here.its in the middle of the strip.. prices arent bad if you're staying with a big group and don't mind rooming together. (you know you get some bitchy ass friends that come along and "ugh i dont want to sleep on the floor" or "theres too many of us for one bathroom") STFU!! ITS VEGAS! its not like youre going to be in the room 247 GEEZ! the only rooms we get here are the NORTH tower grand suites. do it!
2	I honestly do not get what is the hype about Bally's! I stayed there a while back and aside location, there was nothing special about it. The rooms look like the Marriott and for $$$$$ a night, I mean come on! Maybe if you get their BEST room, pay top dollar for everything and are the big "high roller" for the night you will get better service that I did. I just won't ever try them again.Cost: not worth itFood: ok. Service: crap. Casino: blah!I am sad to have only given it a 2 star reading but it is just not all that! Hell Morongo was better.
4	We got a celebrity suite comped here at Ballys. It was decently NICE for such an old hotel. The double door entrance had me sold. There was one bathroom with a toilet and a sink and a couch? Weird. The master bedroom had a toilet sectioned off, two sinks on each side, and inbetween the sinks there was the shower, with two glass doors on each side. It also served as a sauna. Opening up the bathroom there was a hot tub for 2. King size bed in the master bedroom with a sofa at the window. Huge window panes to look out onto the strip. Could see Bellagio from our window.There was a small work out room with a bicycle. I was shocked by this. In the workout room there was a radio too, haha.The dining room had a nice 6 seater dining room table. One side had a mini bar and in the between the living room and the dining room, there was a TV. A VERY OLD SCHOOL TV. One of those huge boxy ones with a rounded screen. GHETTooo! That's why I took off a star. For the nasty TV in such a nice suite. The furniture the TV sat in was pretty cool though, you could turn it around to watch the TV in the living room or turn it so you could watch it in the dining room. Pretty sick design. This suite had couches everywhere and TONS of floor space so you could easily pack 20 people in here.The casino at Bally's isn't that bad. A good variety of tables and also poker if you're interested. You can find minimums at $10 but it depends on the time of day and of course which day you decide to stroll in. I think Ballys has prime location on the strip since it's right smack in the middle and walking distances to other awesomeR casinos.(Photos to come)
4	thanks for taking all of my money.  your rooms are what i expect them to be.  so, thanks for being consistent.
4	I stayed at Bally's last year and was very impressed with the rooms.  We paid only $125 a night and got more than any hotel room I have seen for that price.  We had 2 beds, a dining room table for 6 and 2 couches around the TV.  We also had a desk set up, ordered the wireless internet, but they never billed us the $10 bucks per day for it.I was not overly impressed with the casino itself, but Harris was right across the street and thats where I spent most of my gambling time.The places to eat in Bally's and Paris (which is next door but there is an indoor walk way connecting them), were very good though.  Didn't have any bad meals while there.
3	Again, great location but so-so otherwise.  If you're like me, 3 or 4 days in Vegas is IT.  Saving $$ and staying at Bally's is not a bad idea.
4	I came here recently and was pleased by my overall experience.  We got a sweet deal (2 cents Tuesdays) and were able to check-out through the TV so it saved us from waiting in line.  The staff is also very courteous (they wished us a safe trip to Los Angeles afterward!).  Despite the fact that the hotel may look a bit older, their rooms are still nice.  Nice bathrooms, 2 queen sized beds, and a sofa too.  No microwave or coffee maker though.  I love the location though and how it is right in the Strip!
4	this is the first time i've stayed here.  i am a platinum member so there was a separate check in area in the main lobby which is nice.  my room was comped.  i had a queen semi-suite.  if the room number ends with an 'A', it is a suite attatchment.  so it is designed to be joined by rooms on either side.  But the room by itself had a queen bed that apparently is a hide-a-bed.  there was a 6 person dining room table stuffed in the far corner of the room.  there was a couch, coupla chairs and tables, desk, sitting area, standing area, mini fridge/wet bar area and a tiny balcony.  i don't know if the door even opens, i didn't try.  the room was nice during the short periods i stayed in there.  i like the casino.  laid out with plenty of space between the gaming areas and large walkways.  the sports bar is big, stadium like but a long ass ways away from the casino.  as is the entrance to the casino from the strip.  a long ass trip just to get in or out.  i ate at the tequlia bar which is mostly appetizer sized food, but still fresh and tasteful.  room service was quite good, expensive of course.  ordered the samplber platter with wings, ribs and such saturday night and service was fast.  ordered a pot of coffee and some bottled water on sunday morning and it took an hour.  overall, i like this place and will stay again.
3	Last time we went there there was blood on the light switch...Obvoiusly tons of people have been in these rooms.  Another time we had to switch rooms because of the plumbing.  Just somewhere I didn't really want to stay at.
4	PROs:convenient location, middle of the stripgreat, nice staffwalkway to Parislive bands playing pretty cool musicescalator out to the stripCONs:usually known for having more older people therecasino could be bigger, but i'm not a huge gambler anyways
5	My bf and I came here from Jan 1-3rd for a quick getaway trip.  I love Bally's for it's location and cheap rate.  I originally book it for $87 a night, then a few days before leaving I was able to only pay $66 a night..  Since we booked a rate for the cheapest room, when we checked in, slipped the front desk guy $20 and asked if he could upgrade us, and he did.  The room didn't disappoint, it was a king room in the north tower, which is a bit newer.  He also gave us a bunch of coupons for the neighboring Harrah's properties, lots of 2 for 1 drink deals.  I would not hesitate staying here again, especially if I can get a cheap rate.
4	you can never complain about the main hotel/casino chains on the strip unless you still go to Circus Circus. This place has a great location on the strip seeing that you dont pay as much as you would as Caesars or Belagio, but yet its across the street. So, never a complaint here.This experience was better than the last couple times because they gave us a window that faced the monorail...which my son LOVED! (*kind of an understatement), but it kept him busy half the day which is good for us!I love this place for the location and the front desk is always courteous professional and polite!
3	My group of friends takes an annual trip to Vegas which went on a two-year hiatus and resumed in 2009.  Each year, we stay at Bally's:  at first because of its central location and low rates, and more recently because we accumulate enough points to have the rooms discounted or comped.  It's a good "starter" hotel, and we find it good enough to keep coming back.Both the hotel and the casino are the plainest of the plain, but they serve a purpose.  Usually we stay here and gamble part of the time next door at Paris.  On this trip, we did a four-hour stint at the Bally's pai gow table on Friday night which should set us up with the comps for next year.There's really almost nothing to say about the hotel.  We've stayed here so much that the rooms look eerily identical; even last weekend, after three years had passed since I had been there, it was like deja vu.  The water pressure in the shower was really crappy this time; otherwise, it's just a hotel room.  You shouldn't be spending much time in the room anyway, right?
3	I've stayed here twice, and had very different room experiences.  Only one side of the hotel is renovated and that of course makes a huge difference.  My boyfriend and I had a room with a king size bed and it was nicely updated and had a great bathroom.  I booked again with the girls and we had rooms with 2 double beds, very dated, worn furniture, old carpet.  If you're going with friends and don't plan on spending much time in the room then it's a good choice based on location and price.  The other negatives is that you have to pay to use the gym and the pool area is VERY crowded...tough to get a lounge chair.  Gambling is OK...but the drink service is a little slow.
3	Bally's! Stayed here twice just cause my friend always gambles thousands, so they give him free or cheap ass rooms here when we come and an occasional free buffett.  Rooms are nice for one of the cheaper hotels in the middle of the strip that isn't ghetto like Flamingo, Imperial Palace, or Harrah's across the street. Friend saw Chris Tucker downstairs here gambling in the casino when we were here back in the July of 2007. The casino and shops/restaurants downstairs connect to Paris.  The escalator walkways out front that lead you out to the strip with lights and water around. We once stole 2 cots from the room service room here when we had like 16 people staying in 2 different rooms.  Boo for them not being able to give us the 2 rooms right next to each other the first night, but at least they were on the same floor.
3	A pretty good value for Vegas.  The rooms and location are both decent.  Despite the big crowds it draws, the lobby always has a fresh, clean feel to it.  That is not easy to pull off in this town!  Despite being past its prime, the place retains a certain class to it.  You may remember the hotel from "Honeymoon in Vegas".  Not sure if the Bally Steakhouse is still there but I ate there several years back.  Cool, clubby place to have a nice meal.  The lobster tail was succulent.  My friend loved his porterhouse too.
2	I was staying in Vegas for 4 days of poker.  They comped me 2 nights and I had to pay $200 for the last night, since I booked last minute and most of Vegas was sold out for Nascar.  So this seemed to be a good deal.The room wasn't bad. The bed was a bit hard.  There was a floater in the toilet the first day, not to mention a pube on the seat.  The view was onto Flamingo Road, and the windows on the 9th floor were HORRIBLY FILTHY!Somebody across the hall had room service before I arrived on Wedneday PM, and when I left the room Saturday, the tray was still out there in the hall.  So much for searching the floors for those room service trays.I guess at the end of the day, not too bad.  I've experienced better though.  2 stars.
3	My fiance and I stayed here on our last trip to Vegas. My fiance had comps so it was a very cheap stay at a strip hotel. The location of Ballys is great, it's smack dab in the middle of the strip. It's connected to Paris and within walking distance to many of the other hotels.The rooms are a bit dated but clean none the less. We had a comfortable stay at Ballys and wouldn't mind staying here again because of the great location.
3	this place is home away from home for me. so accomodating / and relative to the size of room / convenient location / very reasonable in pricing- easy to get comps- they send me free 3 nights every month.i rolled in at  7am - technically check in time isnt until 3 - but they were able to find us a rooom immediately- and even has reasonably priced late checkout for 4pm.oh- but dont gamble here cus they will eat ure money alive.
3	For the price the location of this hotel is awesome and is probably worthy of 4 stars but there were a few, let's say oddities, that knock it back to 3. The check in experience was pretty bad. We arrived on a Friday afternoon, peak time for check in at a hotel on the strip on any given Friday but this was Nascar weekend so it was even busier than normal. They only had 3 windows open for check in, 3. Oh excuse me, there was a 4th but that was exclusively for platinum members so we mere peasants weren't even allowed to glance in the direction of that window. So we wait patiently for our turn, which took forever because it seems every group that went to check in had some special request or another. Then there were the two chicks who didn't seem to understand what a line was, who kept pacing back and forth in front of the check in windows waiting to make eye contact with one of the check in clerks to ask whatever their ridiculous question was. No one took the bait and they ended up wandering off eventually.The rooms themselves were ok. Not great, just ok. I agree with another yelper about the condition of the windows, they were really dirty. And the views are not great from any of the rooms. The room was clean, but they seem to have problems with burned out light bulbs because both rooms that our group had had at least one lamp that didn't work.One night we decided to get dessert from room service. Ok because, their "24 hour" cafe is closed after 2pm!! WTF????  Anyway, not wanting to schlep down the strip for a slice of pie we opted for room service. They told us it would take 30-40 minutes for a couple slices of pie and some coffee. They lied. After 50 minutes we called and were told our order was on the way up. Again, they lied because it was another 15 minutes before it came. I will say it was some good dessert but my goodness it took forever.The casino is pretty small but they do seem to have plenty of tables and definitely enough slots to go around. My only complaint about the casino is the live music they have every night. I enjoy live music, don't get me wrong, but in such a small place having a live band basically in the middle of the casino is a bit much. I prefer to enjoy the music and then be able to step away and do something else after awhile, but due to the location of the stage in the casino you're pretty limited on where to go to escape it.The Steakhouse: If this review was only for the steakhouse it would be 5's across the board. You have to know that the restaurant is there, it's tucked pretty far back in the corner. Without a doubt, one of the best dining experiences in recent memory. Our server was on top of it but not in our face. The food was perfectly prepared. It is on the pricey side, everything is ala carte, but if you go in knowing that there won't be any surprises when you look and the menu or the bill. Everyone in our group enjoyed their meal. One had halibut, which looked scrumptious. One had pork chops, one had filet mignon and one had prime rib. Then we ordered a dessert which was spectacular. I highly recommend the Steakhouse at Bally's.Would I stay here again? Probably. As I said at the beginning, for the price you can't beat the location. It's not Bellagio or Wynn, but it also doesn't carry the same price tag. Basically, you get what you pay for at Bally's.
2	Ok so first off this Hotel is NOT meant for anyone under the age of 40... At all.  The rooms were not that bad but the whole crowd was not fun... at all.  As our group of 6 girls walked through the hotel to go out  in our dresses we could sense the sneers and snarwls from the old ppl who didn't realize that we where wearing 5x as much clothing as most girls at that time of the night.  Get over it. Its vegas.  Only real food option was that stupid Tequilla grill which Im sorry but EVERY time we ate there, regardless of whether it was slow or busy the service plain sucked.  A manager even came out to our table, asked how we were doing ( only because we where 6 girls in our dresses) and as we told him that service was horrendous, merely told us to come back tomorrow and he'd take care of us.  Thats not customer service buddy.  Staff ur damn restaurant accordingly, train your employees and don't pretend to be a manager if you aren't committed to making sure your patrons are enjoying themselvesOnly reason this hotel gets 2 stars is because it won me money... well then took it.  But Brian, the really cute, tall dealer at the Roulette table made us laugh and definitely made the gambling aspect of my trip a whole lot more fun!  Was up a couple hundred until (typical me) decides to double my $ at 5am when Im trashed.  Note to self: NO MORE 100$ BETS ON BLACK, and when a dealer tells you to put 25$ on a number... you should probably do it.  Cus i would have been a WHOLE lot happier if i had only listened.
2	Let me first say I'm not a gambler and the only reason I usually visit Vegas is for business. So my review is based on a business traveler's perspective, not a gambler here on vacation. I stayed at Bally's and the customer service was outstanding so kudos to the front desk people and all other staff - I was impressed.  I stayed in the North Tower where the rooms have been updated but I believe the less expensive South Tower rooms have yet to be updated. Either way, the rooms are large and so affordable compared to most cities that it is hard to complain - great value!So why the 2 star rating? Three things. One, no free wireless. Come on! This is 2009. Worse, they charge you $14 PER DAY!!!!!  Highway robbery and it might sound petty but for this single reason I would not come to Bally's again. It's principle. Secondly, no coffee in the room. Again, come on. Go ahead and charge me an extra few bucks a day but please don't make me have to go to the lobby or call room service just for a cup of coffee. That's nuts.Finally, the Spa and swimming pool, aside from being like a mile walk from the rooms, close at 6pm!  Again, what's up? After a full day of meetings I like to work out and take a leisurely swim. When I called the desk asking why they closed so early they told me it was the off season. Off season? We're in a desert. Is swimming ever not in season? When I pressed him he told me  they probably wanted people to go to the casinos. OK - at least he was honest :-)I won't be back.
4	Needed to find a cheap place to stay so I could spend more $ in the casino :)  I went to the Harrah's website (Bally's is owned by them) and they were having an awesome 72 hour sale where I booked a room for $51.00 a night! I guess I accidentally clicked that I need a room with 2 beds, because when I went to ckeck in, they told me there were no more of those rooms available. Before I could even tell them that it wasn't going to be a problem, they offered to upgrade us to a suite at no extra charge! Of course we took the deal! The suites are pretty awesome for such an old hotel. Two separate full sized closets, two sinks, a separate toilet room and even a bidet! There was also a nice, large jacuzzi tub right in the middle of the room and it was cool to sit in there with a cocktail and look out on the strip. The casino was kinda boring, but the location of the hotel is so central, you can just walk to one of the better ones in 5 minutes. There are not many good food options here either, but the casino connects you to the shops at the Paris and they have everything in there. I would definitely come back and stay here again if the price was right!
2	I call this Old Vegas meets New Recession.  An old Vegas showgirl with way too much makeup but not enough to hide the age.  What a disappointment.  Repairs like carpet stains, missing moldings, plumbing issues, etc. not being attended to due to budget cutbacks.  My buddies and I showed up to see the Final Four but the race & sports book was closed down just 2 days before the weekend???  What a crock.  If I want a cheap hotel on the strip I would have......wait a minute...this was a cheap hotel on the strip.  I just did not want it to look and act so cheap.  In a down economy, they should worry about making those who DO show up, feel special, not make them feel like don't matter.
4	Okay, I looked Bally's up on Yelp because I was curious about what kind of reviews people were giving it. I was surprised to see so many low ratings! I think Bally's is great! Yes, it is an old hotel... there are stains on the carpet, the casino is small, it needs new paint, etc, etc. But for the price you're paying, Bally's is an excellent deal. The rooms are spacious, the hotel is right across the street from Caesar's, and right by Paris which in turn is right by my most favorite LV hotel, Bellagio. I must admit that the check-in lines are a b*tch sometimes because they take so long. However, the staff is always pleasant and accomodating. The last time I stayed at Bally's, I was given a free upgrade to a very large suite and this was during a holiday weekend. Bally's staff was more than happy to provide an extra bed and extra fridge at no extra cost. We prepartied in our suite with no complaints and headed off to Tao... and then to Lavo.. and then gambled. Yes, we are party animals... plus, who sleeps in Vegas?If you're looking for clean carpets, shiny floors, younger crowds, and nice casinos, stay at Wynn, Venetian, Caesars, or Bellagio. But if you just need a comfortable, spacious room at a very affordable price and in a great location, then Bally's is your hotel.
4	Pros- Price.  First I had a room comped then I went there and asked for an upgrade and they told me it was 75 a night for the executive suite.  That is 1600 sq feet for 75 a night i jumped all over that.  Got an attached room for an additional 50 a night and had more than enough sleeping for 7.  - Gambling.  I cannot base this on wins or losses because that is dumb (although I did clean up more than 2 grand THANK YOU!) There are always open seats and a lot of the times my group could find empty tables so we could take over the whole table.  The dealers were relatively friendly and pleasant.- Location.  I don't think you can be more centrally located.  Across the street from Caesars, connected to Paris, walking distance to harrahs, venetian, O'sheas (when you are hammered).  Mehs (not a pro not a con)- Crowd.  I liked the fact that there are less younger people there.  Despite being in my mid 20s when I gamble I like the quiet older crowd.  Ballys gave me a nice quiet environment to gamble in and still kept me walking distance from the loud crazy places like Venetian.  This is all on preference though, my group likes the crazy people so it would be a con for them.Cons- Food.  A weekend lived on sbarro's is not good for the stomach.- Service.  Takes forever to get a drink.  The staff is not hot.  I feel like every waitress is about to say "yes sonny back in the day I used to be such a hot number you would've dropped your jaw".  Too many gray-haired ladies as waitress.  Nothing against the older people but they just should not be dressed up in skimpy outfits handing out drinks.  I also think one of them was deaf, not joking.Overall It was perfect for my crowd.  Here is how I would describe Bally's.  If you are looking for a boys weekend out, you need a place to hang your hat.  You don't want to stay at Imperial Palace because that place gives you the heeby-jeebies (yea it does to me too), but you want to stay on the strip.  It's pointless to spend a lot of money on the room because you are going to be out till 5am and be plastered all weekend then Ballys it should be.  A step up from Imperial Palace but still not that high.  Paris is a hop skip and a jump away if you want to meet ladies.  I love it for boys weekends
5	We had our sales congress for work here and it was great everything was wonderful, we even had a problem with our room and they upgraded, thank you for going the extra mile...and the casino....well lets just say I won and that made the stay even better!!!
3	Bally's is aging but still going strong.  Located dead center on the strip, it is walking distance to everything Vegas.  If want a hotel with scantily clad ladies and outta control clubs, this isn't it.  Instead, if you want cheaper tables and friendly dealers, jackpot!Everything was decent.  Check in was quick and the elevators were easy to locate.  The room was spacious with a clean bed and shower but not much more.  Although, I did not hear any peculiar neighbor sounds which is always a bonus in Vegas.  It was certainly good enough to get a few hours sleep.    There were plenty of places to eat but we went elsewhere to satisfy our taste buds.  The tables were cheap with friendly dealers and pit bosses.  The "cocktails cocktails" waitresses came by often.  Some were close to retirement but still very sweet.  A few even remembered me from previous visits and they also remembered my drink of choice!  Wow that was impressive.  They're older but still sharp!Bally's now have go-go dancers at the Indigo Lounge.  I have never been nor will I ever go.  But to my surprise, this lounge is always packed with 40 somethings having a great time.  Good for them!  Maybe the go-go dancers are working?  Brilliant!
3	Definitely went in thinking the worst since we usually stay at the nicer casinos BUT decided to go with Bally's since I was able to get 3 Free nights. It turned out to be pretty decent. They even upgraded us to a Jacuzzi suite which had a king bed, couch, 2 closets, 2 sinks, separate bathroom, a whole separate room for the jacuzzi and even a baday.  Great location and dead center to everything on the strip. The pool was actually pretty entertaining. Because of previous reviews, we thought there were going to be just old, wrinkled people but there was a younger crowd. They even had a DJ and contests which include baby got back, kissed a girl, and bikini. I even forgot my board shorts in the room so I called back and they're mailing it back to me. Apparently I left my pj's and boxers there too. Sucks for the person who had to mail em but thanks!
3	Arrived at Bally's on May 22nd. I was shocked at the instant piranha attack by folks pushing real estate in the front door of the casino. I was not 5 feet inside the door when it happened. Hey, Vegas is all about hardcore capitalism, but I already paid for 3 nights. Let me check out the cleanliness of the hotel before I decide to go to a four hour meeting on buying a condo. Disclaimer: ALL of the big resorts are doing this, so I might be a bit harsh about this. Check-in was pretty quick, and I used the "twenty dollar trick" at the counter. A very nice woman knew the score and helped us upgrade to a deluxe room for free. Good clean room, nice couch and wonderful view of that gambling mecca Imperial Palace (hellhole). Location was excellent, attached to Paris and walkways to Bill's, Cesears and the Bellagio. It's in the heart o' the strip. The casino was a bit hoity-toity, but serviceable for table-gamers. Limits were $10 craps/blackjack, but the dealers (played with about 10 21 dealers, numerous craps dealers) were a bit sterile. A smile would be nice once or twice, especially if they get a toke, but alas. Restaurants were a strong point as well as shopping. It was OK, but nothing that I would make a special visit to...unless I buy one of those condos.
3	This place has really gone downhill in the last decade compared to what else is out there.  The hotel hallways and rooms are no different than your typical Holiday Inn on an interstate in the middle of nowhere in the U.S.   Casino is in good shape but when you stroll through Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, etc. it's just not the same here.  Even the walkway to Paris lets you know how "dated" Bally's is.Only plus is the pool is decent and maybe the Sbarro breakfast downstairs is fast.
3	My mom's an avid gambler and I stayed here for one night because the hotel gave her a  free room. Yippee! We upgraded for an extra $20 and that was so worth it. The room was clean and the staff are friendly and quick to respond to your requests. Would stay here again if Im not looking for luxury and just want a place to crash.
3	My best friend's mom is apparently quite the gambler so she was able to get us a free room for the weekend~!  Sweeet!!I love the location of the hotel on the strip.  It's in the middle of everything.  The hotel itself is pretty clean.  However, it was a bit too cold for me.  I ended up catching a really bad cold after the Vegas trip.  I guess the whole hot weather-cold hotel did me over.  There were a few empty blackjack tables...as we walked by, I took a look to see what the minimum bet was:  $10.  The floor manager urged us to play.  I told him I'd play if he changed the minimum bet to $5, and he did~!  That was kind of nice of him :)Anyways, overall had a good stay.  I'd stay here again.I wish they had more poker tables.  It's a bit cramped in their poker area...Lots of locals were actually playing.  However, they weren't that good :P
2	Nice hotel, nice room. I rate it only 2 stars because the bed is rock hard! We upgraded our room to the North Tower because of all the bad reviews of the regular cheap rooms and you would figure this nice hotel in the middle of the strip would offer comfortable beds. By the end of our trip we were all sore from sleeping rather than all the walking we did.
4	I have stayed at several hotels in Vegas because my husband's family is from there. I always stayed at Venetian, Paris, Mirage, etc., but one week we had to book something cheap in order to visit his family last-minute.Bally's had a great rate, and I thought, "Ok. Whatever. Let's try it." And I LOVED it!! Our room was big and clean. It had never occurred to me to stay at Bally's before, because it's not really in the public eye. Now my whole family stays there whenever we go. It's just a place to sleep and shower, after all. I love to go to Planet Hollywood, but I don't like to pay for an expensive room. Bally's is right next to everything, cheap, and clean, too.
2	Just got back on business, and a little pleasure. Positive: large rooms, clean, and location! we were right off the strip which made it easy to wallk around and enjoy the sights.Negative: Front desk service was lacking badly, although some of the other staff had excelllent customer service. There is no Wifi, so that sucked, and if you needed high speed you had to pay 14bucks! also the shower/tub was clogged, and no coffee in the rooms. I had to pay almost 4 bucks for a cup of coffee in the lobby! Overall it was okay, but understand I am not taking into account any of the other amenities. I was there on business, I did not even have time to go to the pool, the restuarants, shops, or even gamble. (which I don't like to anyway) So, 2 stars. I guess if you just need a place to stay, take of business and leave, and enexpensive (i believe?) I don't know, my accommodations were paid for, so I can't really complain too much.And the other reviews about hotel for 40 and over? I don't know? saw plenty of beautiful people have a great time.thanks
3	I've stayed at the North Tower rooms a few times.  I heard it's better than the South Tower.  The room is good size (450 sq. ft).  Bathroom has granite counter top and flooring.  It's only got 1 sink, but good counter space and roomy enough for 2 people to move around.  There is no fancy flat screen TV to brag about.  The decor is dated and the bed is HARD!  It's got a nice loveseat sofa, but I doubt it you'd be sitting there to 'enjoy' watching the small TV.  There is no diamond lounge here.  You have to walk over to Paris.  But Harrah's has really cut back on its players incentive/promo, the diamond lounges everywhere now are only good for a few bites of snacks (chips, nuts, cookies) and drinks.  I hardly go anymore.  The ONLY thing I like about Bally's is its Poker room.  For some reason I like the small poker room they have here.  Maybe because it feels less intimidating.  I absolutely HATE their slots because I almost never win here!  This is not the best among Harrah's chain, but it's not the worst, either.  Between paying or free, I'd pick free room at Bally's anytime.
3	weeekend of 17-19 we were heading to vegas to celebrate  my exroomy's bday !because hannah s & i did not want to shove into a ROOM with 6 other grls at ceasars palace we decided to look for another room on the strip that wouldnt break our wallets. so after lookin & weeding out the good (ceasars, wynn, mandalay ..to $$$$ for the weekend!!) the bad ( stratosphere, planet hollywood) the ugly (circus circus, rio) on lasvegas.com we ended up with either monte carlo or ballys...then since ballys was closer to ceasars (the other girls) it was cheaper, & they were giving 2 free tickets to jubilee,thehumanshow, or ??? we took ballys for $430 (wtf !) for 17-19th 2 bed, nonsmoking..so we ended up in the regular ol' room in the South Tower. the reviews made the s.tower sound super grungy!! i was scared to be honest...but luckily satisfied wen i went to check in the lady said:"ONE BED SMOKING?!" mia: wtheck??? noo...... the lady said: "ONE BED nonsmoking? or SMOKING with 2 BEDS"mia: uhm..neither...i requested 2 beds NON smokingthe lady said : "OOH OKAY! we got non smoking 2 bed but its next to an elevator and ur room will shake and u will hear LOUD rumbling"mia: "wtf??????? "the lady said: "OOOOOH wait i got one!! here ya go! theres no bathtub but a showermia: thats fine..okay so hannah s, dee h, & i go up the elevator and we get to our floor... and we enter the first room to our right...(is this the elevator room?!?!)  the room is nice & big. the beds are clean no dirty stains like the gross blood stains i found at Paris....the room has a view of buffalo bills & i can see the people goin down the escalator to the street towards ceasars.we got a big tv no plasma buts its alright and a nice table we use to eat all our late nite meals...but um yes...so this "SHOWER" i thought she meant no seperate bathtub i wasnt expecting a HANDICAP bathroom with a seat in the shower area & where there is not actual SHOWER space but just a curtain seperating the shower from the toilet & sink so wen we shower the water flows throughout the entire bathroom with their lil drain holes throughout....we ended up having to lay out multiple towels to try to keep it from overflowing everywhere...it was gross...waking up groggy in the mornin runnin to the toilet and stepping on a LOVELY extra moist towel that squished water out all over ur calves....ICK!!!!!however....the room was good all in all i just like big space & clean beds....nice views are great but we went for cheap this trip...whats lame is that they dont have their own 24 hour cafe or nething just the one in paris so we ended up there twice haha...balllys ur alright!
4	We stay here all of the time because it's free.  Yep, free!! Get a players card and start using it and you don't have to gamble much, they will give you free rooms.  Shhhh - it's a secret!!  We even get free rooms at Paris, Rio, and the rest of the chain sometimes.  If it's not free at those places it's highly discounted.  What is better than a free stay in Vegas?!Bally's is in a prime location, it's across from Ceasar's and connected to Paris.  You can go downstairs and have Crepe's!!  It isn't the same feel as like the Palazzo or The Hotel, but if there's a nice occasion we will splurge and go there but otherwise, Bally's has been great to us.  The staff is great, payout isn't bad, $10 blackjack, good stuff.Not fancy, just nice.  Probably fancy compared to places outside of Vegas but in Vegas it's just a normal hotel.
3	Quietly, a bargain on the strip. The rooms are large and clean. It is connected to the Paris, so it does have things to do on the shared property. And it is in the best location, center of the strip. Of the cheaper hotels in Vegas, this is the best.
4	First time traveller to Vegas -stayed there from July 24-July 27. I booked a package deal thru a travel websites, so I can't speak about the per-night room prices. The deal I got thru the website was good. I'd booked a classic room, but they gave me a deluxe room [Yay!]- in the North Tower. The room was very spacious for just one person. My room has a single king-size bed, which I found to be comfortable. The room had alot of mirrors, which I loved. I have to agree with a prior reviewer- that the hotel is quite cold. My room was chilly also. There was a thermostat in my room, but I didnt know how to use it. My friend finally told me, but by then it was leaving time. All the elevators were working and I never had to wait long for them. The front desk staff was pleasant when I dealt with them for checking in & out.The location of the hotel is perfect for the Strip. Its right near all the major areas or within reasonable walking distance. I was there to celebrate a friends birthday and all of us were spread around in different hotels- depending on what each could afford. I visited one friend in her room at Imperial Palace- BLAH! It was dark & dreary looking- very basic. Only 3 elevators -that threaten to close on your limbs.Another at the Sahara- another very basic room and felt small. The hotel elevator bank had a faint smell of moisture.
5	I had stayed here for my 21st birthday a few years back. My friend gave me a trip to vegas for my birthday. My dear friend got us a suite in the north tower. I didnt have a view..but I didnt care. I loved my room. It had a huge tub in the middle of the room. and his and hers closets and vanity area. Also had a mini living room area. I loved my room, the hubby and I enjoyed it to the max. if you know what I mean. haha..Im not sure about the price since I didnt pay for the room. The location is awesome since its in the middle of the strip. Its connected with Paris hotel and right in front of the Bellagio and ceasars palace...LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION....THIS IS THE BEST!
3	This is definitely a hotel losing its luster, but it offers good value for those who want to stay in the middle of the strip without breaking the bank. Though there is nothing of particular interest inside the casino, the rooms are clean and somewhat spacious. My only complaint would be that the sports book was closed during our visit so we had to walk to Paris anytime we wanted to place a sports bet, which is rather ridiculous.
3	Ballys is cheap and in a pinch, it'll do. typical vegas shit.  I like the retro-ness and 80s vibe of the inside of the casino, hopefully they don't change a thing. Didn't really get to use any of the facilities as I went to other hotels....but its cheap and central on the strip..that's a good thing.
4	Clean and reasonable. Staff was friendly.  Really all you need!
4	Darn you economy!  The wife and I are really watching our pennies these days.  They sift through our fingers rapidly.But when I got an e-mail offering cheap mid-week rooms in hot August Vegas, I knew we needed to get out of town.  A year ago, we had stayed at Bally's and upgraded to a jacuzzi suite for an extra $100 a night.  Those were the days.  So we booked a $59/night room and headed out in the putt-putt Prius.Now here's the trick that I learned from reading some other website.  When we got to the check-in counter I put a twenty right out on it in full view.  The sweet girl behind the counter decided to upgrade us to that same crazy suite -- this time with a view of the strip and the Bellagio dancing waters -- for only $50 a night.  Sold!  It was clean and great.  Jacuzzi was fun.Other hotels look fun, and some of them are just as cheap, but we always seem to have a great time at Bally's, especially due to its sweet location.  We had a fabulous time.  Saw Penn & Teller, ate cheaply, got away with the whole 3-night vaca for around $1000.
3	This was the third time I have stayed here over a 5 year period.  It has always been on a business trip for a trade show.  I like the place.  It is nicer than where I stay normally but the group rate brings it into my price range and it is easy to catch the monorail to the convention center.  The room is comfortable to lounge in.  One time my sister stayed with me a night and when she had trouble getting a computer connection the tech worked with her for about a half hour getting it resolved.  And he was friendly about even though she wasn't.  This stay they didn't have a 2 bed smoking that I had reserved so they bumped me up about 10 floors to the Diamond level for the same price and I got a view of the strip Northward.  They used to have a really good buffet, but no more.  I have tried every method suggested to get a receipt for the business expense using quick checkout and failed.  This time I just went and stood in line and checked out the old fashioned way and got a receipt.  I am sure I will stay here again in 2 years for the next trade show.
4	I was a little nervouse about staying here after reading some of the reviews on here.  My check in was no more than 5 min but I did come in at 10:30am no complaints in this areaI did stay in the south tower and it was not bad. the hotel is in the middle of the strip which is convient. It also connects to the paris hotel. the monorail staion is also inside the hotel as well. I had a view of the Eiffel tower from my room 5813. I had a king bed and the room was really spacious the bed was comfortable as well. The bathroom was typical nothing special but very large shower and tub. housekeeping was also on top of keeping room clean they called twice to ask if I wanted my room cleaned becuase I was late getting up.The only thing negative I would have to say is the windows do need some washing on the outside and the furniture in the room is a little dated.Overall good value for the price I paid my motto as long as it is clean and the bed is comfortable Im good to go. Its VEGAS you are not going to be spending great amounts of time in your room anyway.
3	***Bally's has a great location and a reasonable price (for The Strip); it is a nice enough hotel though it would not compete with the many fancy (as well as more expensive) hotels on The Strip***Bally's is a respectable hotel located right in the heart of some of the biggest hotels in Las Vegas (Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Mirage, Paris, etc.).  The one advantage that Bally's has is that it is more reasonable when it comes to room rates.While the room decor is your standard hotel room with no frills (some Las Vegas hotel rooms have character; not Bally's), the beds are comfortable, the linens are nice, and everything is clean.The casino floor is decent.  They have a small number of gaming tables so they are often packed.You are also conveniently located to the Monorail.
4	Two words: video roulette!
3	Bally's is located smack dab in the middle of the Las Vegas strip! Location is key when staying here. Unfortunately, that's all the praise that i can give the casino. There is nothing spectacular about the casino other than a great location. I stayed here in comped room for the week. The rooms are comfortable. It was your average looking room, nothing special, but hey who stays in the room anyways? Overall, I have to give Bally's an average rating of 3 stars.
1	We just checked in. First, it took 40 mins to check in at 12am then when we got to the room the lights were burnt out and there was urine and pubic hair on the toilet. Completely unexceptable even for a one star motel. To see that in a suite of a hotel on the strip, I'm blown away.
5	It is our favorite place to stay because of its location on the strip and its price. The rooms are nice. The bathrooms are nice. Nothing fancy since it's not 'themed' like some of the other hotels. There is a safe but they charge $3 per day to use it. Since we mostly gamble at Harrah's properties (Ballys, Flamingo, Paris, Harrahs Caesars, Rio), they send us great room offers in the mail. We are not high rollers by any stretch (penny slots and 3-6 texas hold em), yet they still treat us great. We always recommend it to family and friends.
4	There are three basic levels of Las Vegas hotel.  There are the cheap places like Excalibur, Tropicana, and Imperial Palace.  There are the nice places like Caesar's and TI.  And of course the luxury hotels like Wynn and Bellagio.  Bally's hits that perfect low-to-mid sweet spot.  Nightly rates were only $10 higher than IP or Excalibur, but the overall experience was considerably better.  Naturally, the place isn't as nice as a newer hotel, and in some ways it really shows it's age, but only the most critical would consider it "run down."  The casino is well organized and easily navigated, but of course the real benefit of Bally's is that it is in the heart of the action.  Across the street from Caesars and Bellagio, connected to Paris, and a short walk to the Venetian, TI, Harrah's, or Mirage.  There's also a direct monorail stop if you prefer that, although from the center strip location I didn't really use it.The rooms and furniture are clearly old-school.  The desk in my room was a little scratched up, the end table had some well-concealed 70's-era cigarette burns.  But it was all very functional and generally tasteful.  Bally's slogan is "Stay Classic", and they really play that up... although the place is very comfortable and modern, there is a distinct classic Vegas feel to the place.  It's a good classic feel, unlike the Tropicana or downtown where you feel like you're staying somewhere that Vegas had forgotten.If you're looking for an affordable hotel on the strip, spend the extra couple of bucks and stay at Bally's.  I can't imagine staying anywhere else, at least until I manage to afford Caesar's or the Venetian.
4	This hotel has never let me down. It also helps to stay in the new tower as well. My girlfriend and i stayed her a while back for my birthday. It was my birthday and since i had been a players card holder for a while they even gave me a room upgrade. When i got there, the room was huge! They gave us two queen beds which was ok by us cause both beds had these huge ottomans at the foot of each bed a marble desk, and the bathroom was not too shabby. We spent a good deal of time in and out of the room and it worked out perfect for us. The price is never too steep and you get what you pay for.Just remember to stay in the new tower otherwise i cannot vouch for the old tower! =) cheers.
3	Place ok.
4	Stay there everyime Im in VEGAS!! Now im starting to get more picky so I do need to address some issues I have. 1. HOLIDAY INN provides free wifi, why can't you? 2. Your rooms are starting to fall apart maybe retro a little bit, BUT DON'T TEAR DOWN.  I love the room i get 6709 everytime. 3. Your rooms with mini fridges need upgrades to the fridge, it doesn't get cold enough.. I love this location, but i find myself looking at other hotels as I walk around. D
4	Hey, I'd love to stay at the Wynn, but I am in college. Since you spend like, zero time in your hotel that you aren't sleeping, why shell out all your cash to stay somewhere incredible?Our room at Bally's was practically free (package deal on PriceLine), plus we got a free upgrade to the nicer tower. The room was pretty huge, and it was really nice. The only thing that bugged me was the 80 year old TV. But like I said, the room wasn't the priority. Check-In was easy, riding the people mover was fun and for the same price, we couldn't have even stayed in a Motel 6.
4	Consistency is why I like Ballys. I've stayed here many times and it's the same each time, meets expectations in cleanliness and convenience. It's a no frills hotel but centrally located on the strip. The poker room is small but you'll find good action there. And I never expect to pay for my stays here! The comps keep coming every month!
4	Overall I like Bally's.....I'd say it is a 3 to 3.5 star hotel.  It is a little older, at least the tower that I was staying in ...the South Tower.    But my room was comped, and I got an upgrade to the bigger suite with a mini bar, multiple couches, and 1.5 ba plus a jacuzzi, so I am not complaining.  Slip the check in clerk a 20 for the upgrade.  Comps are the best part of the Harrah's hotels.....get good room deals (often times free) and food comps are good.  The location is on the strip, and you pretty much can walk to anything on the strip from here. I think bally is a great value play when you are in vegas!
3	At $40/night, Bally's was definitely a great place to stay...  Technically we only needed a place to sleep at night, but why stay at a run down motel somewhere off the strip, when we could stay right in the middle of the strip for a few bucks, probably even cheaper than most motels haha  The gaming floor is a little small but if you don't like it, you can just walk next door to another casino.  My only one gripe is how far the parking structure is to the check-in desk, it felt like we were walking for hours!  I guess that's why you're suppose to valet? haha  I use to stay at other cheap hotels like excalibur or circus to save a few books, but you have to deal with the crowdedness and thousands of little kids running around, after staying at Bally's, i will never go anyone else!  (unless its compted haha)
3	I'm pretty sure I stayed here once during the '08 campaign. Never understood why it's set so far back from the strip. Great location though.
1	Positive: The location was pretty much direct center of the strip. We were able to walk out be near everything. A lot of the time, we didnt even have to drive if we wanted to go to any of the other casinos.Negative: Like previously stated, no wifi and if you want it it's 14 bucks a day, no coffee, bad service, old cocktail waitresses and guests. The parking was also really far from the rooms. It was such a bitch to have to walk back and forth everyday. I have to say, the customer service here was pretty fucking HORRIBLE. We came at almost 12pm for check in, but we couldn't get into our room until after 4pm, so we had to wait around for 4 hours. During check in, we were trying to see if we could get into the newer tower instead of the old one, since we heard bad things about the old one. We probably asked the woman about 5 times which tower we would be in, but she completely ignored us every time, it seemed like she was in so much of a rush to get us out of there, that she didnt even bother listening to what we were saying, and I know we were asking her loud and clear. So we pretty much had to find out what tower we were  when we got into the room.  At 4pm, when we went to pick up our room key, we decided to report the issue to management. We went up to the check in counter to another person and explained the problem to him. He pretty much got offensive right off the bat, completely ignoring what we were even saying. Then he called the woman we had a problem with up to the desk and told us to tell her the problem ourselves. Who the fuck does that!? We just asked him to get the manager out so we can explain it to him, but he wasn't much help either. It's like, all we were trying to tell them is that they should have their employees listen to the customers more and ask them if they have any questions. No wonder non of them do that! The manager sets a horrible example himself. They were making it seem like we had a huge problem with our room and what they gave us, but that wasn't it at all. So they kept saying "you got what you want, so what's the problem" and we'd try to tell them and they'd just cut us off. This had to be the WORST EXPERIENCE at a Vegas hotel that I've ever had, and I've lived here for the past 10 years!If customer service means anything to you, DO NOT STAY HERE!
3	Staff who work at Bally's are friendly! Rooms are very spacious however the lobby and the casino area are VERY VERY VERY smokey. I wouldn't return due to the poor air quality.
4	I'm certainly a fan of this place. Nice, clean rooms. Friendly, helpful staff. We stayed in a room that was quite a hike from the elevators, but I suppose this may have been why we rarely heard any noise from the hallway. Like many others, we took a taxi from the airport, checked in, and explored the strip. Never once did we wander more than 1/2 a mile from the hotel, so there was no need for a rent car, and therefore no need for the garage. Some of the outdoor moving walkways, escalators, and elevators were not working while we were there, which was really not a big deal. In all, not the fanciest hotel ever, but certainly a lot better than many, and quite reasonable in price.
5	I came to Bally's with my girlfriend and we had a great time. It's right in the heart of the strip and they offer great deals during the off season. We even got a free upgrade to a suite by the desk clerk - which was awesome because the room had a Jacuzzi in it. Bally's also had easy access to the monorail which will take you anywhere from the MGM all the way down to the Stratosphere.
4	Oh man, did we score.Our group wanted to rally at Paris-but having just done some major traveling, my boyfriend and I did not have the scratch to keep up with the crowd, so did the next best thing.And we LOVED staying here! Conveniently located to everything, friendly staff at check in and check out, super clean and large plush rooms, and we could see the Bellagio fountain show from our window.Our stay here could not have been better, and we will certainly consider this in our future visits to LV!
1	I just stayed here for CES 2010.  I found bed bugs in my room.  I will not be staying here ever again.
4	My husband and I decided to drive to Las Vegas this past summer with no reservations and just see what happened...sounds crazy, but worked out great thanks to Bally's! We decided on Bally's because we got a great deal for a junior suite, and the location of the hotel is wonderful. It's attached to Paris (literally) and is within walking distance to a lot of fun places on the strip. It is also a stop on the Las Vegas tram that takes you from one end of the strip to the other, so it was very easy to get to the Venetian one evening where we saw the Blue Man Group (highly recommend!) It might not have all the bells and whistles that some of the other hotels have, but we really enjoyed our stay at Bally's. Will definitely think of staying here on our next trip to Vegas!
4	This is my second time staying here.  I can honestly say - you can find a better hotel, but you can't find it for cheaper or in a better location.  It's truly a package deal in staying at Bally's.I got to stay here for 2 nights for only $40.  Of course, when I got to the check in desk, they asked me if I wanted to upgrade, which I did ($100 more total for a suite), which was worth it.  The room was much larger and had a much better view (Bellagio fountains).  The bathroom was about a third of the room, and had no door.  It was really odd, but it was nice.  There was a jacuzzi tub, shower, water closet, 2 sinks and a sit down mirror with circle bulbs (like a powder room or something).  The room was really big (could've fit about 8 cots), the bed was comfortable (could've used some more pillows, looked odd with only 2 on there), and it felt clean (seriously, what hotel room is really clean).  The location is amazing, across from Bellagio/Caesars, a short walk to CityCenter.It isn't the glitziest place to stay (Encore, Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, etc), but it isn't the worst (Circus Circus, Stratosphere, etc).
2	The good parts: close to everything. I paid only $50 a night (for a convention rate) and it has all the basics. Nice meeting rooms. Staff was friendly. Connected to the Monorail. It's connected to Paris, which is way better. Rooms are a good size. So you get to enjoy dining and shopping in Paris even when you are Bally's. Paris has a great dueling piano bar, wonderful public bathrooms (yes, bathrooms!), and a handful of nice shops. Don't eat at Bally's - walk down the hall into Paris. Be aware of these before you book: No WiFI - only a cable hookup that keeps you tied to a desk (costs $14 a day per computer). No fridge - most in Vegas don't. Room service food is blah (like Sizzler). Has a "hotel green" program, but the maids don't follow it. the South Tower is the old section. Ask to be in the North Tower. Bally's has some shops - but they are all junk.
4	Friendly staff, clean rooms, AMAZING location and all for a pretty good price.  I agree with the other reviews.  I really don't think you can beat this location for this price.  We paid 45 for a thursday night and 89 for a friday.  Totally worth it.  We stayed in the North Tower which was pretty nice.  The bathrooms looked remodeled and what not.  I would definitely stay here again!
4	Bally's is one of the older hotels that I still enjoy very much. They have nice, clean, spacious rooms, a clean and fun casino and indoor access to the Paris Hotel and Casino next door. It is also one of the lesser expensive of the casinos for both gambling and rooms.
4	We stayed here for three nights this week.  I really liked our room and we were upgraded to a suite for no charge.  Our room had a huge bathroom, a dining room table and chairs, a sofa, comfy chairs and a queen-sized bed.  The decor was nice but the paint job was shabby in some areas.  The view was decent; we had a partial view of the Bellagio fountains (we were in the North tower), the Rio, and the mountains to the west.  You can definitely tell that Bally's is one of the more outdated casinos on the strip but truthfully, I really did like the central location and for  $60 a night, we got a great deal.
4	Heres the deal - stay in the new tower!  The towers  are very different from each other!Positives:Huge room - I mean we could have 6 people in there and not felt crowded.The price is fantastic for the rooms you get (new tower).Great location on the strip and close to the monorail :)Connects to Paris.Negatives:If you dont know the difference you may end up in the old tower.If you are all about the view of the strip, the new tower rooms dont have the best view.I got a great deal and truly enjoyed my stay here.  Definitely on my list for repeat business.  Still working my way through all the strip hotels though.
3	My BF calls me a hotel snob.  Can't blame someone for wanting to stay in a clean hotel room.  Since we knew we'd be in vegas for a wedding and the entire wedding party and guests were staying at Bally's we decided to do the same, for the sake of convenience.  I've never stayed at Bally's before so I had very low expectations.  Come on...I just came from The Hotel and Bellagio...This is my rating and review:- 3 stars: Rooms were large, and you can tell they recently remodeled.  It was pretty clean but I didn't get the spacious bathrooms I'm used to having. (NOTE: this room only applies to the new tower.  I don't understand why they'd remodel one tower but not the other)  I guess we got lucky and got the free room upgrade - 2 stars:  ceilings are low and smoky, but it's an older casino so this is expected-4 stars: it's in the middle of the strip so it has easy access to everything you need.  Bellagio and Caesars are just across the way, and cabbing is not necessary so it saves you a ton of money. ok, I agree with my bf...I am a hotel snob.
2	Spent 4 days in Vegas last week and stayed at Bally's for the first time.  I have stayed at just about every casino on the strip throughout the last 15 years.  There are multiple casinos that are much better from a plush / fashionable perspective but Bally's will give you a good bang for the buck.Pros:  ** Location, location, location - smack dab in the middle of everything** Cheap good sized rooms** Good gaming for those playing video poker (my wife hit 3 Royals in 4 days)** Quick valet serviceNegatives:** There are areas of the North Tower that are dated and not in the best shape.  Our room (Grand Suite in the North Tower running along Flamingo Rd) has not seen an upgrade for years.  The other negative about these rooms is that the bathroom sink area is not far from the bed (no door separating the bathroom and bedroom areas).  If you are rooming with someone and plan to get up early while the other sleeps in, it is not going to happen in these rooms.  Just running the sink water will immediately wake up your mate.** Restaurants are sparse and not at the upper end of the dining spectrum.  We went to Fin in the Mirage and Carnevinos in the Plazzo instead of dining at Ballys** Casino itself is dated.  The carpeting is in much need of updating.** Hotel hallway carpeting is disgusting - dirty, stained, just gross** Workers are not personable.  I always found the maids, waiters and dealers very friendly at Caesars or Mirage.  Here, the staff seems to be very cold - never got a "good morning" from the maids as I left my room in the morning unless I initiated the greeting.Bottom line - you get what you paid for.  If you enjoy a plush / fashionable casino and hotel, go to Caesars or Bellagio.  Want a cheap hotel without all of the frills at a great location, go to Bally's or Flamingo.
4	Going to this hotel was totally worth it!!! We got a great package deal with great rates and I'm happy I went here with my husband.  Bally's is connected to Paris hotel ( where we went to eat many times).  Paris Hotel is located across the street from Bellagio and Ceaser's palace.  The location was ideal and once again the rates were totally worth it.  Our hotel had a balcony and it was very relaxing.  The room was huge and there was tons of space.  There was a desk, couch, tv and bed.  There is no fridge but the location makes up for this.  The pool was sweet and had a tiki bar, you could see the monorail pass by.  The only complaint is that it takes long to get to the pool and you have to take an elevator and walk through the stores in the basement area. I would go here again.
3	Second night of the Bachelor tour de force and we switched hotels to save some $$$ and move closer to the Strip.  While the room was not as big as at Rio but the quality was just as nice.  However I did not appreciate having to "upgrade" my room in order to get early check in.  Especially when I called in advance and they told me that they had my room ready and available when I arrived.Time to get back in actions!!!
2	Bad service, rest is ok. Especially the front desk people not very friendly and service oriented. My first and last time probably
4	I stayed here Monday-Wednesday night for a large conference for work. The check in was simple, the hotel room was clean and the amenities were fine. I do wish they had a fridge in the room but I understand the business aspect of not having one. The food court was fine, pizza, burgers, Asian food etc. The shops were all the normal stuff. The Spa or fitness section was used once, nice but not outlandish. The pool was closed but you could use Paris if you needed to. No shows or activities, most of the night was spent outside of Bally's. They did have some good cover bands on one stage. I would go again considering it was only $40 a night.
4	Decent prices, spacious rooms, good location. Wouldn't mind staying here again.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at Bally's. The outside of the hotel looked pretty dated, but the inside was well-kept and pretty modern.I didn't wait long for check-in like some others have reported, though I did observe long lines when I walked by at other times. I got upgraded to a 23rd floor suite (surprising, given that I was there on a conference rate) with a great view. The room was very large and very clean. There were some little ways that the hotel showed its age (sliding glass door to balcony sealed shut, etc.) but none were really worth mentioning.Internet connectivity isn't free but was very fast. This is often a pet peeve when I travel, but I had no problems here. Lots of channels on the TV, though parents should be aware that there's no easy way to turn off access to adult movies.The hotel is physically connected to Paris next door, where we had a couple of good meals. There is a walkway that connects to The Bellagio and Caesar's Palace on the other side of the strip.For the price I paid, I'd recommend Bally's without hesitation.
3	Pretty standard for an average Vegas hotel, except...Could the staff have been ANY MORE DIFFICULT to work with?Why is it so hard to give us the right room the first time?Why is it so hard to give us the right room after you messed up the first time?Why is it so hard to give us an upgrade from the first time, considering you made the mistake?Why do we have to spend a good 10 minutes on the phone with front desk, getting transferred from person to person, only to be forced to ask to speak to a manager, in order for you to make things right?I've never stayed at Bally's before, but I've stayed in Vegas a million and a half times, and I'd never had such difficulty in figuring out a room reservation.  What's strange is, we'd reserved everything in advance, and it was still difficult.  I've literally WALKED IN without reservations to random hotels in Vegas and had easier times getting a decent room.Strange, I say.Oh, and the casino is tiny but functional.In the end, the room that we ended up with wasn't bad at all, except for the fact that we had a CRT tv.  What hotels in Vegas have CRT tvs nowadays?  Then again, it didn't really matter.  Who goes to Vegas to watch tv?Last complaint...Maybe it's the fact that the Harrah's chain hates me after the "incident" a few years ago.  Or maybe the chain has just gotten sheisty over the past few years.Whatever the case, WHY IS HARRAH'S ENT. SO STINGY WITH THEIR COMP POINTS?!
4	Recently, my boyfriend and I decided we would frolic around Vegas one weekend. In a hotel, we were looking for a conveniently located place that wouldn't break the bank. Bally's definitely did the trick.The staff was extremely courteous on check-in, and we got a free upgrade to the remodeled North Tower, which was nice. The room was huge and beautiful, and the bed was quite comfortable. There was also a couch and a desk to use. It's kind of a shame we didn't spend more time in the room. As others have said, you can't beat the location. We were right in the middle of the strip, and it seemed that anything we wanted to see wasn't more than a short walk away. I dock a star only because the first night, whoever made the bed had put the sheet over the blanket, and that was kind of weird. Also, some of my hair got caught on the back of the hair dryer when I was using it one morning because the dryer didn't have the plastic safety thing on the back. I was careful the next day, so I didn't have a problem. The price worked out to about $95/night, which I thought was a great deal. Keep Bally's in mind if you're looking for a quality hotel option on the strip.
3	Hmmm .... Actually I forget about this room.  Loved the ballys casino. It's got a good feel. Like the clubs here too.  But the room .... Forgetable.  This is the old Mgm grand where the fire happened!! Kinda cool if you dig Vegas history.
4	For $150.00 for two nights.. pretty decent and on a BUSY BUSY EASTER WEEKEND... gigantic room, pretty decent also... this is definitely a place that you should check out because its in the middle of the major hotels... bathroom was clean, bed was clean, tube tv.. haha... in comparison to treasure island where my cousins and friends shoved themselves into a room that was a lot more pricier and you can probably fit two of there rooms into my hotel room at ballys.. thats how big our room was...
4	Solid stay for cheap. On a holiday weekend we had to pay $20/night to get upgraded to the north tower. Check-in was quick, and we were in 2 hours early too.  Beds were comfy, place was quiet, room was spacious enough.  Location was awesome, on a chilly night we still had our choice of gambling between Bally's & Paris since they're connected and I never had to go outside and freeze.  Caesar's, Planet Hollywood, and Bill's, all high on my list of favorite places to gamble were within 5-10 minutes walking. Considering it takes like 10 minutes just to get from room to lobby in the Bellagio, I was quite pleased not to waste time. The side exit makes the trip to Ellis Island even faster!Minor complaint is that the shower head sucked, it was all misty (whaa!) and you can't really control the temperature of the room. Either all rooms have heat on or all have cold on, and of course they had already turned the heat off for the spring but it was still like 50 degrees outside at night. :(
4	I've stayed at Bally's more often than any other hotel on the Strip.  I really like the old school feel of the casino. Word to the wise though, spend the extra $20 a night and get a Deluxe room in the North Tower (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Ct57qgmXwOnzfSZoUGh0Q?select=3WwSlO9uAhqBTqT9vocXTQ).  You'll thank me for this.  It's so much more cozy and modern than their classic rooms in the South Tower.  I've managed to get the Deluxe room for $60/night every time I've gone here so it's a great deal for the location.The location is literally perfect:-Center of the strip, so it's a short walk to get to any of the surrounding hotels-Right across the street from the Bellagio Fountains-Connected to Paris-Monorail station is in the backSure it's no Encore or Venetian, but when you're going on a modest budget and need a place that provides easy access to other Strip hotels, Bally's is a great deal.
4	pros:- comfortable rooms, large, plenty of space for 4 people, clean, comfortable beds, friendly staff- tequila bar & grill: seriously a random gem! $1 margaritas! decently sized considering its only a dollar, and strong with tequila! $1 tacos! $14 nachos that fit into 3 to go boxes!! great way to preparty and eat before going out on the town- convieniently located in the center of the strip so its easy to access many of the other hotels with a short walk. gota work off the calories from all the buffet brunch you ate that morning- pool was decent. not as amazing as the other hotels on the strip, but please consider that there is NO RESORT FEE!!cons:- no resort fee is great, but charging me $22 per person per day to use the spa/gym?! are you out of your mind? my friends and i just had our own gym workout running up the hotel stairs- we stayed there two nights, and for some reason our room never got cleaned by the staff. had to call housekeeping to change our sheets after we spilled some coffee on it and when the sweet chinese housekeeper saw that our room wasnt cleaned, she tidied up our bathroom in no time and gave us extra towels.would DEFINITELY stay here again!!!
3	VEGAS BABY! Bally's would definitely not be my first choice of hotels in vegas, but when someone is paying for your lodging, you shut up and be thankful!After cracking open a couple of beers in the lobby, my group waited for about 45 minutes for the front counter to check us in. It was a ridiculous amount of party time lost, and frankly unacceptable. They had two chicks working the counter and none of them were at all working in a fast pace. Luckily we had beers to hold us down during the excruciating wait.Rooms: They were pretty standard, two queen size beds, a tv, bathroom with tons of mirrors. It was a comfortable size, but the stench of musk, inconsistent flow of hot water, and very persistent housekeeping turned me off very quickly. One of the guys in our group got the executive suite, which was a lot nicer! It housed two large and very comfortable seating area not including the bar! The bedroom was huge with a even larger size bathroom with jacuzzi, shower, 2 1/2 bathrooms. Surely, this is the pre-game/party room!Pool:Thank god for the dessert weather! San Francisco spring weather will never compete with vegas'. The pool was nothing spectacular, but it accommodated a good amount of people , had really loud top 40 music and yes, guittos and guidette - it wasn't a pool party without them! There is also a bar within the vicinity which serves HUGE & STRONG margaritas for 18 dollars a pop.Service:Aside, from the persistent housekeepers and slow front desk peeps, everyone else was really helpful. The security guards encouraged our heavy drinking (they gave us 2 or 1 drink coupons!!!) and belligerent dancing. very cool! Location:The thing about Bally's is their easy access location right smack center of the strip. It's very convenient to head over to Caesar's, the Bellagio or even any other hotel on the strip . This makes taking the cab virtually useless saving you some bucks for alcohol!   Overall I had a good experience @ Bally's. Hopefully they'll start upgrading their customer service soon. But thank you for the blur of a weekend I had!
4	Went on a two girl trip so wanted something very close to everything so we felt safe walking everywhere. My friend i went with was also watching her money a little more so for the price this was the perfect fit.When we got there early i ask about getting a newer room, hoping they would offer us one. The front desk lady told me that for 20 more a night we could check in early and get a new room. We decided no and hung around for an hour  till we could pick up our keys... when we checked in the nice man said he upgraded us :) Yet, we were still in the older rooms or should i say "original tower" as the room-keeper referred to it. So possibly it was a re-modeled room? Or maybe he was just full of crap.They made our beds every-night we were there. But only actually took the initiative to clean once. And when they actually did clean they threw things like shopping bags and papers away. Which scared me. Nothing i needed - but what if i had a important receipt crumpled and it got pitched?Pool was nice. No where near as nice as surrounding pools. But clean, spacious , nice cocktail servers. They offer yummy froxen drinks in big 32oz cups for $18. Not sure how buzzed i was, but sooo tasty!Our room was clean and spacious. Updated but not modern. Tv was old, with broken buttons and a hard to work remote, minimal channels... but who watches much tv when you're in vegas.Pro's:- in a perfect place. We could see the Bellagio fountain from our room. And Caesars is right there too.- Monorail stop at the hotel.- on the way to the monorail and pool there is a small underground shopping mall. With some food court places and convenience shops.Cons:- a very plain hotel. Neither of the 2 restaurants that i saw inside seemed appealing enough to try. The mexican one had $1 tacos and beers though! May have given that a try but other places just seemed better.- the walk to the hotel elevators is alllll the way in the back of the hotel. So just your walk from your room to the strip is exhausting even though it seems like its RIGHT THERE, lol. But so is it with everything in vegas.- Plain pool
4	Great place to wine, dine, stay and play.  I try to make it out to Vegas at least once every quarter.  Work hard, play hard.  The staff at the Bally's are hard to beat.  You can't beat the location.  Always comped.  Last time had the Celebrity Suite.  A little dated, but ran out of fingers and toes to count the number of tv's.   I loved the extra space, about 1400 square feet, overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Nice room, nice property, nice casino tables.  Can't wait to get back to the old but always great Bally's.
2	Bally's is good if you need to go to the convention center because it is right on the monorail.  It's $5 to the convention center and quick.The hotel staff are not that helpful.  We got a $71 room rate and overall the quality reflected that.The casino has quite a bit of smoke and their are not good restaurants to choose from.If there on business and you want to save money this is a good bet.  But if you can afford more and you want higher quality there are many other options.
4	I've stayed here many times as a child and as an adult.  My parents frequented this hotel because they love it and I have stayed here as an adult to reminisce and have fun.I love this hotel!  The rooms are spacious, they're neat and I've always had a great view whenever I've stayed here.  The room is not out of date, they always keep up with the times and the hotel staff likes to make sure that their guests are properly taken care of.We had the opportunity to stay at the new wing recently and wowza!!!  The rooms are even more spacious and grand than they have been in the past!  The pool wasn't as nice as I remembered it being.  They have 3 separate pools, which I think is now open to the public (for a price - but free for hotel guests).  It looked a little out-dated and not as nice as some of the other Vegas hotel pools that I've stayed at.The neat thing about the pool grounds is that the place has tennis courts and little shops that surround that area.  They made it into a recreational are where you can play tennis and take a dip in the pool at your own leisure!  Pretty sweet!  They have a bar where they serve all sorts of drinks and snacks, and they have cabanas that surround the pools.One of the things that I enjoy the most is getting room service and relaxing in the room.  The room service at this hotel is great because I believe it's 24 hour dining!  They have a wide variety of items to choose from on the menu - some of them have time constraints, but the items on the 24 hour menu are still good.  They have a pretty healthy wine list to add to their menu as well!They have a bunch of stores where you can buy things from chips to something exquisite like a diamond ring.  The thing that irritated me the most was that none of the stores sold cotton balls!  Not one!  I thought that was kind of odd.Overall, I would give this place a 4 star rating.  There's more to say, but I'll probably run out of room soon, so I'll just leave it at the fact that I will definitely stay here again someday!
4	I'd stayed here for 5 nights, $70/night, cant beat that. Looking from the outside is nothing fancy, but when I went in, it wowed me because it didnt appear as old as the way I imagined base on the reviews, everything was like brand new and shiny. The person who checked me in was alright, he seemed like in rush, didnt ask for my preference, except if i like smoking or non smoking room, he seemed busy typing without looking up, therefore I didnt want to bother him for asking anything, but he did give me a king size bed which I put a note when I reserved on line. It was such a hike to get to my room, but when I got there, it paid off, I booked for a classic room, but he gave me a deluxe one, nice, the room was spacious and been renovated, bathroom had marbles, was clean and bigger than in my house lol. Housekeeping did a great job, she cleaned every single day while i was there, gave extra towels without being asked, and paid attention to every details in the room. Oh one more thing I loved, my floor had an ice machine, you could get it for free, as much as you want, and as many times as you like, how cool was that? it's really helped when it's summer and hot after you go sightseeing under the sun for a whole day, not to mention mix it with your alcohol. Location was perfectly central, it connected through Paris without going outside, and Bellagio was across the street to see water fountain every night, as well as other hotels around. I would recommend this hotel if you're on budget, but want a nice & clean place.Tip: text "Ballys" to 227466 to receive coupon through your phone.
4	Came here for my 21st birthday, and they treated us pretty good. Upgraded our room for free, and we had already gotten a cheap rate for Memorial weekend. Our room was in the north tower (the nonhaunted tower =P) and had a good view of The Strip. A pretty nice room considering we didn't pay that much, although the bathroom creeped me out. Why? There was a huge mirror next to the toilet, so imagine watching yourself go. Weirdness.The casino itself is kind of fun. I prefer Planet Hollywood since it's more lively, but the casino here is nice when you're tired and wanna squeeze in some last minute gambling before you crash. A little bit more old school and not as fun, but it definitely gets the job done.
4	Upgrade youCan I up?Let me upgrade you!Partner, Let me Upgrade you!- Beyonce KnowlesI'm a fan of Bally's because they upgraded my room to a more spacious suite for only $25 extra per night facing the strip.  Bally's offer a good Vegas experience becuase it has a good location on the strip.  Most mid to low price Vegas casinos offer a lame experience, but Bally's is good for a good price.
4	In recent years I've stayed at Rio and Flamingo.  Each is good in its own way, each has its drawbacks (the working girls at Rio come to mind).  The past two annual visits have been here at Bally's for several reasons.First, it's centrally-located on The Strip.  One is within walking distance of Caesar's Palace, Harrah's, Flamingo, Imperial Palace, Bellagio and Planet Hollywood.  If you're tanking at the tables in one place, it's easy to try another.Second, Bally's is co-located with Paris, meaning you can walk from one to the other without braving the gauntlet of XXX-rated handbill passers outside.  This doubles the number of restaurants and shows available under one roof.Finally, I cannot say enough about joining the rewards program no matter where you stay.  You can get free stuff for playing the games you enjoy.  A little play will get you a discount at the buffet.  A little more will get you a break on the room.  A lot of play will get you comp rooms.   For couples, have two rewards cards in the same name.  It doubles up the comps.Back to Bally's.  The rooms are clean and spacious.  There are enough restaurants to satisfy a variety of tastes.  Cocktails are readily available at a host of bars.Their service is impeccable.  Example: I forgot to check-in for my flight before the Business Center closed.  Nice young ladies at the front desk went out of their way to help me do this and get a printed boarding pass prior to checking out the next morning.  This was at no cost to me and they would not accept a gratuity.  Kudos!  I got a comment card and sang their praises to the management.I'll be back next May.
5	Location + Price + Winning = BALLY'S, I love it!Booked 2 rooms using EasyClickTravel (highly recommend) for $47/night and got a free upgrade to a view room.  (Although, it wasn't ready for a few more hours but nothing a little gambling and eating couldn't handle!)  If you decide to upgrade or ask for one, make sure to say you want a view of the fountain show.  We got a view of North of the Strip with a corner view of the water show, which was fine but not exactly what I was hoping for.  Ok, STORY TIME!My mom surprised me shitless by wanting to play roulette.  It was my first time actually playing (I always observe and get free drinks) so I decided to play just a few rounds.  $10 min and I put in $30.  Had some cool kids playing at the table, so was feeling good, feeling alright, yeah.  Ok, so the next round, I'm thinking about where to put my last few chips and as I'm placing them down, the dealer waves his hand over the board to signal the end of betting.  He explains that I can't bet anymore (even though I hadn't put down the required minimum) so I apologize and wait for the ball to hit my numbers.  The dealer puts the marker on #33.  No chips on #33....we're all sad... JUST THEN..The guy to my left announces that the ball actually landed on #28!  We all look at the wheel, then at our dealer, who turns pale white because he cleared all the chips off the table.  There's a pause... Dealer calls over his supervisor and explains the situation, throwing in the fact that I apparently distracted him and he didn't clearly see that the ball was on 28.  I ask the guy to my right if I messed up and he reassures me that it wasn't my fault.  So we wait for them to review the surveillance cameras.  THE RESULTS:YES!  I had a chip on the half mark on #28 and the guy to my right had several chips ON #28 AND a pile of chips on the color.  We high-fived and cheered as I explained to my mom in broken Korean what happened.  After that, I ended up losing my money but it was quite an experience.  Next day, we decide to play again and go to a random table.  The dealer from the other day gets swapped at the table next to ours and he waves at me, coyly.  Our convo:Me: "Aw, man! I want to play at your table!!"Dealer: "Why are you over there? Come play here!"Current Dealer: "Hey, whats wrong with my table?!?"Me: "Nothing!  But he's just awesome!!"Then, I look across and see the same guys that were playing with me the day before.  Awesome.... I won $35 and would have played more if my mom hadn't lost confidence and suggested we leave immediately.  I have so many more stories but I'll leave it at one.  Bally's is the bomb diggs.
4	Before I start this review I will let you know though I had been to Vegas before, but I had never stayed in a hotel. Living in LA this was my first time to plan a quick trip to Vegas for me and a friend from out of town.  Plus, I decided I would rather not spend a lot of money on a room because I didn't want to spend a lot of money for one night, but I did want to stay on the strip.  Plus, I went on a Sunday night in June.First of all, Bally's isn't the nicest Hotel from the outside, but as soon as me and my friend pulled in the Valet guys were extremely helpful.  They took our luggage ad let me know that valet is free, but of course tipping is appreciated. Great for me!Check-in was easy and didn't take much time at all. The inside of Bally's isn't fancy or anything that special, but it's nice and seemed clean.We got to our room and it was huge and that was for the cheapest, basic room.  It was a little outdated, but the view was good.  We had a basic room, but we could see the Bellagio from our window.  The view made 2 country girls very happy.  The bathroom was huge also which we loved, but they could use a new shower head.  It didn't have good water pressure.The casino and bar at Bally's were fine.  Nice bartenders.  We didn't do much gambling, but it didn't seem very different from the rest of the casinos.  Even though I like going to casinos they always seem a little tacky looking to me,  but I noticed they ALL look like this.  Its just a personal opinion.  I never ate at Bally's, but instead we ate at Paris the next day for lunch since they are connected.  I loved the location of Bally's.  We were in walking distance of the better hotels and restaurants and I loved being across from the Bellagio.  We cabbed it a couple times, but we were in heels and wanted to check out the Palms that night a little off the strip. The pool at Bally's wasn't impressive at all.  Just a big pool and layout area, but I didn't go to layout, so it didn't matter to me.So, basically I was really happy with my experience at Bally's. It gave me what I wanted for that 24 hours.  I might like to stay at a fancier place next time, but honestly I would stay at Bally's again because it's not like I"m hanging in my room a lot when in Vegas. Also, when we left the Valet guy helped me get back on the interstate.  Some of the people at Bally's looked miserable working there, but the parking staff was helpful and nice.
1	Seedy is the best description.Half hour to check in. No exaggeration. Casino always stinks of tobacco. Entire place, from rooms to casino to the restaurants, it needs a MAJOR facelift!If I was not staying here with this convention I'd run away to somewhere, like almost anywhere else, on the Strip!Bally's has seen better days and, while the rooms are inexpensive, this casino has gone down, way down, on the 'cool' list.  Want to be depressed in Las Vegas?  Want to experience a deep, dark depression?  Then come to Bally's!
4	Ah, the benefits of being a poker player.  Comped room?  Gracias.  Comped room with a BIDET?!  What the?!I peeked.  I giggled.  I never used it.  Mainly because the thing was so old the water pressure fluctuated between a mere trickle to full-on geyser mode.Sorry, butthole.  Thanks, but no thanks.
4	The $20 Trick* is successful once again!Everyone should make this their first gamble in Vegas.  A discrete greasing of the hotel check-in person could change your hotel experience pretty drastically.  By adding a folded up $20 bill between my credit card and id, my comped standard room magically turned into a comped junior suite!The suite was generous in size, included separate bathroom sink areas, sunken living room, jacuzzi tub, a bidet, and a great view of the Paris Eiffel Tower.I elected to skip the use of the bidet during my stay.Bally's is old, but still in decent enough shape to stay on the cheap (or free).  It's location on the strip in relation to other spots makes walking to them totally doable.*For more information about "The $20 Trick", please visit: http://www.fatwallet.com/forums/travel-discussion/529706/
4	For the price and location, it's all good. I've stayed here 2-3 times. But what I hate is the escalator that leads to the hotel. 75% it works, the other 25% it doesn't. If you want a 5 star hotel, this will not be your hotel. If you want a good place to sleep and shower, this is the place. Plus it's a better location than Harrah's and Imperial Place. Not to be mention, much better place to stay.
4	If you're going to Vegas to stay in your hotel room a lot then don't come here. The rooms at Bally's are large but dated.The views are nice and can face the strip or Bill's gambling hall.Service was fair.Wanting to charge me $25/night to go to the "new tower"...uh, no.Yes, everything about this place is outdated (except the pool area). Yes, the casino could use a bit of a face lift.Who cares though? I can be glitzed anywhere on the strip. The drinks were affordable, the beds were comfortable enough and the casino helped me from losing all of my money!You come here for its location on the middle of the strip and the price not for the view or ambiance. True, it smells like smoke but so does every hotel in Vegas. Stay here, save some money and go explore. It's more fun that way.
3	Not bad. Nothing glamorous, but how much are you really in your hotel room when you go to Vegas? We declined the $25 upcharge for the new tower and were fine with that. The room was big, the bed wasn't very comfortable and the shower head was kinda icky and could have been replaced. They did come up right away when we asked them to check out the a/c. The best part was the location as we were right in the middle of the strip and could get anywhere we wanted pretty easily. I'd recommend to those wanting a decent place to stay for a pretty cheap price.
4	Nice big room!! kinda a crappy view of the ph tower.. We could kinda see the pool ... no strip... but whatever! we were up on the 21st floor .. did I say huge room! cause it was! and we had the cheapest package available through an allegiant air package. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone, and will certainly stay again!
4	I had to zip though this because of time I had to be at other places. But it seem to be about like the other casinos I like.
4	Pretty decent hotel. Central spot to everything. Cheap and affordable. View could have been better but room was bigger than I thought. Service was quick and easy-going. I suggest to come as early as possible. Check-in begins around 10am. Parking is either self-park or valet. I'd definitely stay here again. PS: Don't settle on Standard, unless you're really on a budget. Be smart about it and pay the extra $20 to upgrade to deluxe. You'll thank me later.
5	Spent last weekend here and we were upgraded to the celebrity suite for free! The room was at least 1500 square feet, had a gym with a bike machine, master bedroom with whirlpool tub, several couches, a dining table, bar, and an absolutely amazing view. I don't know how I'll ever be able to go back to staying in regular rooms again. I could complain about the lack of $5 tables and douchebag blackjack dealer, but in the grand scheme of things that didn't affect my enjoyment of the hotel at all so I'll let it slide.
5	Being the first time I went to Vegas with friends this hotel was amazing. getting upgraded to the celebrity suite was the icing on the cake. I was floored when i saw it. next time ill use the bike machine that is in there. the view and location were great and there is a little Mexican restaurant inside where u can get food anytime. Being linked to Paris was another perk and i suggest walking through Paris to get to Ballys. Will definitely go there again and a special thanks to the one who got the suite upgrade.
3	Old and outdated!  But classical old Las Vegas.Upon arrival, had some bad experience on three issues.  Number one was we got the worst room (6th floor) with reddish eyesore view overlooking the rooftop full of vents, etc.  Number 2 was the curtain was not long enough that these water from the shower passed under the curtain and flooded the bathroom floor and is dangerous as its floor is marble.  Number three was no maid service came in and the bathroom continued to be a big mess!I went to the check in desk manager and complained how awful our arrive has turned  into.  She was totally understandable and felt guilty and the problem that these rooms were all full, so gave us upgraded room which was very generous and I we accepted the stay for the next two nights as planned.  We finally enjoyed our rest of the stay.  Bravo!Not so good walking through the casino from the main entrance to the elevator to these rooms because smoking were all over and so unpleasant.Food and drinks are poor and does not have independence owned establishment, so had to walk to other hotels to enjoy coffee and dining.Rooms price are totally reasonable.  Come during weeknights which is as low as $45, up to $109 or more on weekend nights, rate are higher on upgraded rooms, but still good price.Three stars is it, could have been more if experience are good from start to finish.  In the near future it will be more stars if its better.  So do the work and make it more flawless!
2	First off. Ballys as a place to stay is decent. its centralized position on the north strip makes it ideal and bang for the buck. I've stayed in both the south and north towers. The south towers is more old fashion but if youre staying at this place, I hope decor isnt your number 1 priority. The north tower is more updated and pretty roomy. We got a room with two queens, it came with a 1 person sofa as well as a desk chair with a table. Heres what I hate about Ballys: On august 14th at 6am before I was going to go back to my room, my friends and I were going to chip in money and play one hand in roulette. Lose or win we were going to sleep afterward. Personally I have a habit of each time before leaving vegas, I play one last hand at roulette at which ever casino I'm at..I would just put cash on which ever color I was feeling and its never been a problem. Anyways, what I did was I waited for the dealer to drop the ball and then I put $200 on top of black and just stared at it the entire time. When the ball stopped, it stopped on black and my friends high fived each other. Then when I looked back at the table, the dealer took his hand and hit my money off the black and was like "cash dont play." I was like, what do you mean? He looked at me with a rude ass tone of voice and was like..."I said cash dont play!". I was pretty mad. I asked him, why didnt you tell me when I put my money down, why did you wait for the ball to fall on black and have that end before you said anything. He told me that he did hit my money out and he did say something but thats complete BS. Even everyone at the table was in awe by it. I called the pit boss over and he basically tol me the same thing but thats complete BULLSHIT! This is the first time anyone has ever said that to me and even if it was true, he had all the time in the world to exchange the cash that I put down for chips. I hate to think that if it did fall on red, that the dealer would have taken my money. So....lesson learned.
3	It's been a few years since I stayed at Bally's and I remember it being better.  There were two similar deals on hotels.com for Bally's and TI and I should have went with TI.  The only reason I chose Bally's was because it was closer to the conference.  Alright onto the room.  There are two towers, South and North and the North tower is the nicer one and I stayed in the South Tower.  I asked if they could upgrade me but unfortunately they were unwilling to do so.  It was kind of a bummer because it was a weekday and I didn't think it would cost that much more to get an upgrade.The room was old and it has a bit of an 80's feel down the hallway.  If you just need a room to sleep and don't care whether it's nice or not then this would be the right hotel since it's on the center strip.  If you do care about the decor of the room then I'd recommend staying at another place perhaps even next door in Paris.It is convenient that the hotel is connected to Paris which I do like.
4	Great location on strip. Okay everything else. A bit dated and under maintained.
2	It was alright for the price we paid during a major holiday weekend...all except for the vomit stains on the hall carpets...and hooray for not getting any scabies...that I know of. Plus when you walk into the lobby, it smells like chlorine.
3	Meh.Alrighty, here goes:Rooms:Bally's could've really had waaaaaay more people manning the check-in counter on Saturday night of Labor Day weekend.  They, literally, had 3 people working...while a line of a billion people stared angrily at the employees.  I mean, c'mon...you'd expect crowds, right?AA Vacations someone effed up our reservations and the Bally's employee taking care of us at  check-in was a complete b*tch.  (However, the other employee who we spoke with after our reservation was cleared up was a total sweetheart who completely hooked my friends up with an awesome, awesome room!  Props to her!)The rooms are decent - old and had no good airflow, but whatever.  It'd do for two nights. The view of the Strip is nice, though!  Food Options:The restaurant/cafe here is pretty good.  They have a $11 express breakfast buffet lunch (which seems like a good deal).  $5 mimosas available.The tequila/Mexican bar next to it offers up $1 margaritas ($2 if you want strawberry) and they are preetttty strong for the price!  Down a couple of those and you're pretty much set.If you go to the lower level, there's a couple shops, the sports lounge and a food court!  There's a 24 hour Sbarro's for your reference...'cuz we didn't know about it until our second night there.The sports lounge's bar serves up mimosas for $6 and these were, by far, the best mimosas of the trip!  Our bartender was awesome!Valet:Pretty fast!   I was impressed, considering we were there on a holiday weekend.  Nice job!FYI - Bally's is also connected to Paris and offers a shuttle to Rio.
3	This place is not too bad, especially when it's free! Also got upgraded to a suite cause the regular room wasn't ready, for free!  It's also prime location.  Another simple review for a simple place.
3	Centrally located on the Strip, so it's very convenient especially for the price. However, the hotel is pretty old and not as well maintained as some of the adjacent properties. Valet was friendly and quick. We used them several times.Room was in the South tower (floor 64 which is really like the 6th floor?) and overlooked Paris's pool and Eiffel Tower. Accommodations were about the same as as you'd expect from a Choice Hotels property (Quality Inn, Comfort Suites, Econo Lodge, etc.)
2	Bally's is nothing more than a decent place to spend a few nights.  Of all the hotels that I've visited in Las Vegas, Bally's easily had the least personality.  Our room was nice except for the fact that there was no coffee maker and the lineup of cable channels was abysmal.  Come on... Multiple Asian language channels but no HBO?Do yourself a favor and skip the overpriced sandwich shop located on the far right corner of the casino just as you enter through the front doors.  Other than their tasty and dirt-cheap Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs, their food is kind of gross.  Head into Paris, which is connected to Bally's, and grab a few excellent French pastries at one of the shops inside.  Paris's food prices are cheaper and the quality is ten times better.
3	Hotel was fine. We stayed in the older, south tower. Next time, might pay the extra $40/night for the north tower.  The room was very spacious. Bathroom was roomy, had a fan (always a plus).  Overall, pretty average.Check in was easy, informational, and she was very nice. Elevators were very slow. Staying on the floor 19, but the floor was labeled 69. Not sure what the benefit is to have the numbers higher than the actual floor level.  Vending machine on out floor stole my money.  Like I wasn't already loosing enough at the casino? =)Being connected to Paris Hotel was nice. Easy access the the yummy restaurants over there.  Will I go back?  The next time one of my family members gets married at the Paris, and the Paris is $240 for the Saturday night, I would probably stay at Bally's again, but this time in the north tower.
3	If we were just to talk location, I would give Ballys five stars. Its central to the Strip and walking distance to most of the newer and nicer hotels you'd want to check out. I liked how the room elevators were close to the entrances for easy access to taxis, valet, and shuttles. The moving walkway also takes you directly to the strip. Unlike some of the other hotels, I didn't feel like I was walking miles through some gigantic maze. Checking in and out was quick and relatively painless. Thumbs up.We booked rooms in the older South Tower. The rooms were clean and spacious but definitely outdated in terms of not having adequate lighting, old bathroom fixtures, and tiny tube TV. There was also no bathroom exhaust fan to help defog mirrors after showering or air out a room after going number 2 (lol).
3	This is your typical mid-line casino. Nothing really special about it. The best thing we enjoyed about it was the $1 margaritas (even though they were barely drinkable) and the $1 tacos (which were just a step above taco bell). The only reason we came here was for the Price Is Right Live show. Did not stay after the show because we felt kinda cheated.
4	If you need a place to park a moving truck in Vegas, this is your place.Seriously when I was moving from Utah back to California I did not really feel like doing that whole drive in one day and then have to unload that big ol' truck.  We wanted to stay at one of the Harrah's properties and according to the reservations people this was the best one for our need to park a 16 foot truck with all of our worldly crap in a secure location.  There is a huge parking lot behind Bally's (and to some extent Paris) that doubles as an employee parking lot where we were able to park the truck.  It was a pretty long walk from the back parking lot to the front of the hotel but the truck made it through with no problems.  The rooms were pretty darn decent and the location on the strip does not get much better.  :0)
4	An old but super professional hotel.No drama just great service .We were there for 1 night so it was great to get such good valet service.Great location!
4	I've stayed at the Vegas Bally's twice now- and I have to say I was pleased both times.We received a free upgrade this past time- and the rooms were a bit nicer.The hotel is clean and the location is central.No complaints.
4	Stayed in Bally's for my Bachelor party and it was FUN!!! the pit boss at the craps table knew me and all my friends there after 2 days. His customer service was great. He took care of us and didnt let anyone else come and bother us while we were shooting dice. He also made sure the waitresses got us drinks whenever we needed it. I've stayed in Bally's before and its pretty much the same customer service level as always. Nice and friendly. Had the best time of my life on that weekend.
4	I still have the same gripes as last year.......  Atleast let us have wifi for under 14$ a night.
3	Our guy friends stayed here since they had it comped. It was exactly what they expected as well as what I expected, room wise. It's very basic and nothing special. Like they say, you go to vegas and you have a room to sleep, shower and s#it. Exactly. The good thing about Bally's is that it is connected to Paris so you can conveniently walk right over.
4	I love that Bally's is located near everything I need in Vegas - Fat Tuesdays & shopping at Miracle Mile and Roulette Tables.  Well, the latter isn't so impressive, but the former is true.  I find that every time I go to Vegas, I end up inside Miracle Mile at least once.  It was nice to be so close to it without having to pay to be close to it. (Let's face it, Paris and PH are not the most cost effective places to stay.)I stayed on the 23rd floor and had a great view of the strip. :] Our rooms were spacious, clean and we had fresh towels every day.  The hotel staff was accommodating, kind and very sweet to us.  What more could you ask for?Overall, I'd be down to stay here again.  The rates are reasonable - especially for what you get, and the location is GREAT. :]
3	I've always wondered why this hotel is called Bally's. My mom said it's name after the famous shoe brand, who knows? When my mom told me we were going here I thought she meant the gym! Anyways rooms are okay, location is great! It's in the middle of the strip and it's really near the Miracle Mile formerly aladin hotel. This is where you can find tons of shopping like urban outfitters, guess etc. Its one of the older hotels so you shouldn't expect much! My view was of a parking garage but hey it's vegas! You want to spend the least amount of time possible in your room!
4	Very nice hotel. Yes you have to park on the Paris side, and yes there connected, but its all good.. The actual hotel, is old, but rooms just got did over, so very nice.Would i come back here again, yes...Good overall service.
4	Not bad. The location is five stars. The casino is nice and smoke-free. The rooms are plush and the service is not terrible. Balley's, you are alright with me.My BFF took me to Bally's for a mini-spa holiday/birthday present. Some girls have all the luck! Bally's often offers spa discounts for off-season stays. The BFF and I are fiercely fond of discounts and coupons! After parting ways with my dance crew in Vegas, sore, tired, (maybe a little hung over!) I meet my pal @ Bally's to wait in what looked like a multi-hour wait in line at check in. It is around noon on Sunday. "Self parking is 'shared' with Paris." says the pal with a hint of exasperation as we kick our bags another inch when the line inks forward. Meanwhile, the staff are busy performing a very official-looking pen count. Our deluxe, double-room is three left turns from the elevator on the seventh floor. The key works on the first try. Shocking right? Closet to the left, sparkly clean bathroom to the right, a table, chair and desk in the corner and a velvet bench awaits at the foot of each double bed. The room is nice and smells like soap. But cheap plastic shower curtain Bally's? Boy are you lucky that I am a bubble-bath girl! Mediocre bath products have me thanking my lucky stars that I brought my bath products from home. The towels are not soft but large enough. We spread out on our separate beds in excited anticipation of reading our coupon book courtesy of Balley's at check in. (I wasn't lying about the coupon thing!) Coupon book stinks. Five dollars off any purchase of fifty dollars @ the gift-shop? -NO one should buy these goods. Ten percent off Thai looked good. What kind of Thai restaurant charges $18 for Pad Thai? The kind that gives a ten percent off coupon. We did not love the coupon book. The pool is closed for the season in December but they offer the use of Paris for pool wants. We are pounced on every time we leave the room and offered a "free show" in Vegas from desperate time share sales persons. Run away when this happens! Your time in Vegas is worth more than what ever " free goods" they are giving you sunshine. The spa was... SO good. After dancing all night, my legs were never so happy as they were mid-deep tissue massage...... (insert ten minutes) Sorry, I was lost in happy thoughts for a minute there. This location is pretty fantastic if you like walking around in Paris which adjoins Balley's. Wonderful, if you want to watch the Bellagio water show across the street. Being within walking distance from my favorite old-timey diner in Vegas, Ellis Island, is also not a bad perk. Keep offering spa discounts Balley's and we will be back!
3	My friend got a deal and tipped the attendant checking us in $20 and he upgraded us to a suite.. nice!Our suite was pretty nice but I for one have always hated how hotels smell. Reminds me of stale hospitals.. Bally's actually wasn't too bad and the smell quickly went away after I turned the AC on a little higher. The AC was already on.. tsk tsk for wasting! Room service did a great job knocking three times and carefully entering the room. We were too tired to get up until she came up. After she saw me, she apologized even though it was our fault for not making a peep to let her know we were still in our room.We ordered room service the first night. I got the turkey club sandwich and my friend got the fish and chips. Fish was  okay.. it usually is to me. The chips aka fries were better. My turkey club was off the hook. The bread was well toasted, filled with good quality turkey, clean iceberg lettuce, sliced tomatoes, a smear of mayo and avocado! Loved!! Also came with a pickle which was great. Wish they gave two because I was rationing it out for the entire sandwich which btw was quite a pleasant stomach full!I would stay here again since the location is good but not the best. It's definitely a walk or a cab fare that adds up to get to the newer casino/hotels other than Caesars and the Bellagio.
3	I would highly recommend the North Tower! The room was big, great bathroom and nice view.They also have a massive high rise parking deck which is FREE!The downside was tube TV, time to upgrade!
5	I have been coming here very year for events and for fun. Ballys is one the last of the original hotels on the strip. GREAT prices and nicely appointed rooms. I will be back Ballys.
4	Bally's was my home away from home when I spent five days in Sin City. Though it is one of the older hotels on the strip, I didn't mind cause our room was in the newer north tower. Upon checking in, we pulled some strings (think $) and got upgraded to a suite on the Diamond floor, which is for their Diamond members. I'm not quite sure why they call it a suite because it is just a bigger room. I didn't complain because there was plenty of room for the four of us. They even gave us extra room keys and rolled in a fridge for us. Not bad for $185.I don't recommend gambling at this casino. My luck was terrible at Bally's; take the short walk over to Paris instead. Newer machines and nicer dealers. Last but not least, don't forget to check out the Tequila Bar downstairs!! You won't be disappointed, especially after a long night. Trust me :)
2	We had a suite with a king sized bed at Bally's for NYE. It was pretty dirty. The shower was absolutely gross and the bathtub in the middle of the room was totally visible to other hotels facing your room. The shower is also surrounded by mirrors so if more than 2 people stay in your room, they'll see you showering or coming out of the shower.The casino is pretty old and run-down. There aren't many amenities nor is there any good food. The best thing about the casino is that they comp'ed us so we got the room for free. I would personally choose the Venetian/Palazzo/Wynn over this hotel. If you need to stay within budget, imperial palace is just as dirty, but the location is much better. MGM/Mandalay are similar in price also, but farther away from all the action.
3	What was once known as the original MGM Grand Hotel & Casino, it has been Bally's for over 2 decades now.  The property is old and showing it's age.  However, it's not a bad place to visit.  Here's why:- Location location location.  It's on the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd, which is the center of the Las Vegas Strip.  Easy access to many of the Strip casinos.- Monoral station.  The monorail station makes it easy to access hotels on the East side of the Strip.  Why wait and pay for taxis when you can just take the monorail.- It's connected to the Paris.  I'm a fan of the Paris and like to have easy access to both properties.  They're literally connected at the hip....you don't have to go outside to visit both places.- Sterling Buffet.  The Sterling Buffet on Sunday is one of the best Buffets in town.  Don't let the high price scare you, it's worth it.- It's classy.  Despite being an old property, it has remained a classy joint.  One of the few casinos that not only has that classic Vegas look, but that classic Vegas vibe as well.Some of the downsides....I wish they would update the property more often.  Besides the Sterling Buffet, there's not much here.  Paris has most of the good food joints.Overall, nice place to visit once in a while.WIll I return?  Sure.
1	My heart is broken.  After an almost ten year relationship of love, excitement, and blackjack, Bally's has betrayed me and there is nothing more bitter than a blackjack player scorned.Here is why, my dear players: did you notice that delightful party pit with the shiny lights and pop music?  Hard to miss, right?  All that glitz has a dark secret.....6 to 5 blackjack payout on a six deck shoe.  Okay, I admit I'm dramatic, and that Bally's does post the odds.  But, the only payout acceptable in blackjack with a shoe are 3 to 2.  6 to 5 are reserved for single deck only.  They are hoping you don't notice and/or don't care.Okay, on to the more hurtful part.  These BAD odds are reserved for the lower level (10 dollar) tables.  If you'd like to bet more than that, you are buying the better odds.  Is this the gambling equivalent to "trickle down economics"?So, in the tradition of all things grass roots - please demand tables with the fair odds.  You do have a choice, so vote with your dollar.And to Bally's (and the whole Harrah's group), get rid of this greedy trend or we will take our 2-3 visits to Vegas a year to one of your competitors.
5	Spent our ONE NIGHTER here for NYE 2011 and it was AMAZING!My friend had a free night and when we got there and checked in they said they were completely booked on regular rooms and hooked us up with an EXECUTIVE SUITE!! I thought my friend was just kidding as we were walking into our rooms. I was like yeah whatever...Once the door opened the four of us we're like on the first episode of the Real World when they first see their house! We were running around screamin no way, this is awesome!!! I've never stayed in such a huge room. Even tho it's an older hotel we still had like 5 couches, two bathrooms, a tub, his and her sink & closet, king size bed, a bar [which we were standing on hahaha] and did i mention it was all for FREE?!?!It was the best way to ring in the new year! I wish we could get that room all the time :[ Prob theee best one nighter yet!!!
1	Although I do like to gamble at Bally's, staying there was terrible.  First, I realize that my room was comped; however, wouldn't that give them more of a reason to not put me and my friends in the worst room in the building?  I mean, I certainly won't be staying here again, so that baffles me.  Anyway, the room was disgusting.  Our room at the Travel Inn in the middle of nowhere the night before was even better than this.  I won't complain about everything being overpriced, since that's inherent in Vegas; however, simply based on the room, I will never stay at Bally's Las Vegas again.  I would much rather pay a bit more and stay elsewhere.
4	Classic LV...SInatra...GAMA tradeshow.   I really like this hotel...nice rooms...great food places....good staff...on the Monorail line....central to the strip
5	I was there recently for a trade show. Quick review but a good one. Very knowledgeable Valet and very clean inside!
4	Nice enough.  Was here for my sisters wedding and could not afford the Paris so this hotel was great because it was connected to the Paris and could easily be accesses with out having to go outsideObviously not as nice as the Paris but we upgraded to the junior suite which was  large and clean and nice.    Didn't get a view but we did have a balcony. The air conditioners is a bit lo loud though at night.    Great location.   Your within walking distance to the best hotels so we felt like we Were right in the hub of things.   All and all it was a nice stay
4	This place looks like it needs to be updated to be comparable to other standards hotels have now. However, they play host to The Price Is Right Live and that is a plus. The area the theater in is not the best place for a long line for future contestants to wrap around, and I feel they should adapt to that or figure a way to rope things around.
2	After seeing the ultra cheap rate online, I decided to give Bally's a try.  However, it was very a disappointing experience.  Service:Upon arrival, I experienced the most unprofessional front desk clerk in Las Vegas.  I booked 4 rooms for the entire group and logically, we all wanted to check-in together.  But, when we walked up to the front desk, the clerk refused to check-in all of the rooms and ask some people to go back in line.  Furthermore, she informed us that we had to pay extra if we wanted all 4 rooms to be on the same floor.  What the heck?  Never heard of that before. When the next clerk helped us check-in the second room, she just offered to put us on the same floor, with no EXTRA charge.  So I don't know what the first person was doing, probably going pocket the "extra charges."Cleanliness:The room is standard, a bit old.  But the problem I have is how dirty it was.  First, there seemed to appear to be coffee crumbs on the bed.  Weird.  Second, the bathroom was not wiped down.  I could see a lot of dust on where they put the towels.  Overall:This hotel is too old for the strip.  Everything seems to be falling apart.  Even the elevator light doesn't work.  Tips:Only book this hotel if you want to same some money.  If not, there are many other options in Las Vegas.
4	We chose to stay at Ballys because of its price and location on the strip. Sure, its no four or five star hotel and it is showing its age and needs to be spruced up in some areas, but overall our room was very clean and the staff were very friendly. We didn't gamble here much since the crowd was a bit strange, but I would definitely stay here again. The $20 trick worked on the front desk attendant when checking in and we were able to get a newer room higher up in the newer tower, so that is worth a try if you go.
2	Too smokey.  Too annoying.  Too Ballys.  Look, this place is centrally located on the strip but I would find another hotel.  The casino seems old and the food options were not wonderful.
4	This is not the first time we've stayed at Bally's.  I love Bally's for the following reasons:1. Location.  Bally's is pretty much center strip.  It is attached to Paris, just down from Planet Hollywood, and across the street from Ceasar's, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and City Center. 2. Total Rewards property.  Bally's, Ceasar's, Harrah's, Rio, Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, and Imperial Palace are all owned by the same company and on the same rewards system.  So you can get points for gambling at any of those casinos and sometimes this gets you free rooms. :) 3. Free shuttle to Rio. No taxi fare!4.  Nice rooms, good gambling, low drama. Suggestions for improvement: Could we get a fridge in the room please? And maybe a coffee maker? Then you'd be 5 stars in my book.
3	Bally's is another old property that I remember being so-so and somewhere you would probably want to stay with your family if your family cares not for the glamours of Vegas and the craziness of the bigger casinos. It's a nice solid 3-star property with reasonable rates, relatively comfortable rooms, larger than usual bathrooms and regular amenities all around. The staff is nice, the hotel is a little smokey and sometimes check in is slow and check out is slower because the TV is broken and you can't check out through there.It has a pretty key location, which can be good or bad depending on how wild you get (but if you're with family, probably not). It reminds me of the Flamingo quite a bit, it's definitely not your high life Vegas spot.
2	I first stayed here 20 years ago and I thought the room was incredible...that was 20 years ago. When I checked in here the woman at the front desk encouraged me to pay 20 bucks to upgrade my room to the newly remodeled tower. I was not going to do it but she then said, "Everyone in your group did the upgrade and you want to be near them!" Nothing like a little peer pressure at the front desk. So I took the upgrade. I could not believe that my room had been recently remodeled...it still seemed old. I probably got suckered into the upgrade so the hotel could make more money. The room is very big...there was also a powder room and a large bathroom. I could have probably lived in the bathroom, if I wanted too. I really did not need the powder room but if my wife was with me she would have definitely enjoyed this. My iron was complete broken...it looked like someone cracked the metal and the water was leaking out of it. I called down to housekeeping and received a brand new iron...that made me feel special. Also someone Australian Guy left his money, air travel documents and passport in my safe. The hotel had to send up two security guards to remove the items...it felt like one of those movies where I get whacked because I knew too much...I called my co-worker when they arrived and told them if they lost contact with me to run for there life and call the police. There are so many hotels in Vegas...I would only stay here in the future if I had to stay with my group or if the rooms were free.
4	I was actually pleasantly surprised with my stay ay Bally's over President's Day weekend.  I had booked a room in the North Tower for two nights for a little under $100 including taxes, which was a pretty good deal.  Upon check-in, my boyfriend pulled the $20 trick at check-in and was able to get us upgraded to a room in the Diamond Level...sweet!  The room was very clean and spacious and there was even an extra sink outside the bathroom, which was nice.Now I know Bally's is not the newest or chicest hotel out there but there are some great things about it.  First of all, it is located in the middle of the Vegas Strip and is connected to Paris...awesome!  Although older than a lot of casinos on the Strip, it is still in very good condition and very clean compared to some other places.  Plus, their slot machines loved me when I stayed over the weekend and I was able to win over $300 playing penny slots...woohoo!  I would definitely stay here again on a budget again and hopefully win me some more money ;)
4	This is probably sorta a 3.5 averaged out between my family's first visit last summer (for which I was not present) and the 3-night stay we just had this week. The highlight of the first visit was that my folks got their two separate rooms upgraded to a suite because they mentioned it was a family reunion (and also insisted on non-smoking), so that would've been 4 stars easily.As for this visit, we got a 2-bed place on the 18th floor, which apparently was a free upgrade of some sort for us as we had already paid for the room beforehand and were insistent on having a non-smoking room. It was reasonable, I guess - better than my previous recent stays and Stratosphere and Circus Circus, respectively - but the TV size location in the recessed armoire was kinda crappy because I couldn't see it clearly from all around the room. And before you laugh at me for watching so much TV, well, if you don't choose to gamble much and you're tired after walking around the Strip all day, you might be in your room watching TV as well. Oh, and the room was as far from the elevators as you can get - yay, sore feet!Still, the location was quite awesome, as we were within easy walking distance of all the good casinos - Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, the City Center hotels, etc. Since you can get a reasonable rate here compared to those other places, I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a reasonable deal at the heart of the Strip.
3	Bally's is conveniently located right in the middle of shops and bars on the strip. Our room in the north tower is great and not too far of a walk from the self-parking lot. My only reason for taking off 2 stars is the poor check-in service and EXTREMELY rude staff member at the counter who goes by the name William. As he began to help us, he walks away without saying why. We wait for 10 minutes before he comes back to finish checking us in. then he tells us there isn't a non-smoking room  available in the tower we originally booked in.  Didn't even offer to find one in the other towers until I asked to speak with a manager. He was rude and condescending the whole entire time, but ending up getting us a non-smoking room so that we wouldn't speak with his manager about his inadequacies in customer service and normal courtesy as a human being.
4	Do not come here expecting luxury. The rooms are in desperate need of some upgrades like new BEDS to start with. You can feel the springs underneath you - so not comfy. Everything about it feels old. However, I think the convenient location deserves 4 stars in itself. I did not spend much time in the hotel because it's right next to Bill's Gambling Saloon where they have $5 black jack tables, $1 margaritas and Newcastles, and a really fun casino atmosphere. I would never actually rent a room there, so Bally's is the next best place to stay.There is an Evening Call located within Bally's, which is a bar that serves those giant margarita yard sticks. They are open late and very convenient. They also have a bar that serves $3 beers all day/night!My boyfriend and I were unexpectedly upgraded to a suite upon check-in, but the excitement wore off once we actually entered the room. Sure it was big and spacious, but everything felt old and kind of gross. Not as bad as other hotels, though. But the suites are not worth the extra bucks unless you really need a lot of floor space. Don't pay for it.
4	I'm a member of their total rewards program, so get comped for free rooms and Bally's is always my first choice:Ease of parking and light walking distance to casino/room w/ luggage, elevators are plentiful and quick.South tower rooms have aged.- no microwave, coffeemaker, or fridgeNorth tower rooms are nicer but also beginning to show age - love the triple sheeting on beds.- Fridge is is some of the upgraded rooms, but std does not haveInternet access is reliable , wireless and wired, however a daily fee applies $14.  Walking distance to Paris, Planet Hollywood w/ ease.Pool access is w/ ease, large area to lay out and safe for kids (abundant low depth area for them to play within.  Pool area does not offer many shady options so be ready w/ sunscreen during summer heat!
4	The location is good for it's central spot on the strip and walking distance for Paris, Bellagio, and Cosmopolitan.We paid the extra $50 to get upgraded to a suite and were excited until we got to the room. Yea it was big, but it was just floor space between the bed and the TV. And the room itself looked really old and awkward with the railings separating the bedroom and the bathroom area.While we were unpacking and exploring a little bit, we heard lots of noises from the next room in addition to doors banging shut. My bf called the front desk to ask to get moved to another room and after some waiting, negotiating, and checking, we got moved to the North Tower for a standard room on the Diamond floor. Sweet!The room in this renovated tower was much much better than the old suite. It was smaller but overall it looked, and felt much more comfortable.Get rooms in the North Tower for sure.
5	Nice Hotel. Great Rates and perfect location. Right in the center of everything. You don't have to walk very far for anything.
4	Affordable. Centrally Located. Lots of Options.If you are a Harrah's property loyalist like me, you know that Bally's is definitely not on the high end of the company's charts, that is not to say, however, that Bally's is a dump.I had a quick weekend in town last month and wanted to be central to all of the properties, and figured I would give Bally's a try. Once I sprinted out of the airport Friday night in hopes of beating the cab-line rush, I had little wait and began the short ride to the strip. While I am not usually a huge fan of arriving late at night, it was nice to have no one in front of me at the check-in desk. The whole process of checking-in took maybe 5 minutes, and I was on my way to luck!The room was an upgraded room in the south tower, so a bit bigger than the standard, but nothing crazy impressive. My stay was problem-free, with my only complaint being the cost of wifi ($13.95 per day), but that is not a Bally's specific issue...The food on property was good, especially with Paris being connected. I strongly recommend getting the Buffet of Buffets if you go, it is 7 buffets across Harrah's properties for $44.. for 24 hours of unlimited access. My belt is reminding me that I definitely got my money's worth right now, actually...I would stay again if I was looking in a cheaper price range.
3	The beds are comfortable. They do not have free wifi which I find ridiculous with the amount you are paying. Barely any cable channels for those who can't go out and have fun. And you have to pay to keep your expensive gear safe.
4	We stayed here a second time this past weekend. Last summer I was able to book a room from Thursday-Sunday through Orbitz under $200 (this includes tax!).This time I checked Orbitz, priceline, etc...and the rates for this last weekend were $300-$320. Since last year's stay I signed up for Ballys' Rewards membership.  I called Ballys to see if I could get a lower rate through them directly since I have AAA and their rewards membership.  I got a room for $201 for the weekend with their rewards membership (was cheaper than the AAA discount).Once we got there, we decided we wanted to upgrade to a room with a jacuzzi, so regularly that would be an additional $100 but the rep told me to wait til we arrived and they usually offer it for 50% off. They did! So the upgrade to the jacuzzi suite was only $50 a nite.  This room 'North Tower Grand" suite was a lot bigger than the traditional "classic" room they have.  There were His and Her Sinks/Vanities and closets. Separate shower and sunk-in jacuzzi. There was even a bidet which is separate from the toilet.  The only thing I didn't like is if u did have visitors come to your room there was no privacy after getting out the shower since there are mirrors all over the place (on the closet doors, vanities) u can see be seen in the room at almost every angle ! lol The only privacy u have is when u go the toilet (door) and the bidet.  Maybe the bigger suites have a closed off area when u get out of the shower.We always stay in the non-smoking rooms and they have accomodated us both times we stayed here.  The casino is a little smokey but we don't gamble so we don't hang out there much. The pool is pretty big and has lots of lounge chairs.Downstairs there's a mexican restaurant and the chicken/beef tacos are only $2.00 and are pretty good!   The bands they have playing their on the weekends are very good and it's free and casual to go in.  They require a 2 drink minimum to sit in their lounge, however when we went no one bothered us about this.I like Bally's because it's smack dab in the middle of the strip, the rooms are clean and once u get  their rewards membership card the rates are reduced! Will definately keep going back to Bally's!
4	I like Paris hotel but it can be expensive. So staying at Bally's is the next best thing because it's attached to Paris. The lobby, restaurants, and shopping areas at Paris are nice. You actually feel like you're in Paris. Fitness fees are outrageous. Same goes for Paris's fitness area. But this is right in the heart of the best part of the strip. Everything is within walking distance.
3	You have to come here with your expectations in check. It's no frills. It's cheap. It IS on the strip. That's about it. The maid service could use a refresher course in cleaning. The floor was dirty and had food crumbs and a plastic clothing tag. There were always dishes in the hallway that would be there for nearly 24 hours. Knocking and entering at 8am? Not cool. But with expectations in check... it's the best deal for the location.
1	Pretty dated hotel...$2.00 margarita, will give it a try!No No No!!!  Do not waste your money on the the $2.00 margarita.  It gave me an allergic reaction to my throat.  I started off with Margaritaville margarita and it was great.  When I was done I bought the 2.00 and my throat was getting scratchy and felt like a sore throat.  My nurse friend said it might be the bad tequila as that can tend to happen.  This was the start of the Vegas trip.  I had to start drinking water to relieve the pain and disgusting taste!  ugh :P
3	Kind of the -Days Inn- of the strip. If I were to suddenly polka dot, nay, spray can paint you with random epithets, I'd say this place is family oriented, underwhelming in the gaming area department, corporate-feeling, astonishingly affordable for the location and unmemorable compared to what you can possibly spoil yourself with on other parts of the strip.Parking here kind of blows. They make you feel second rate from the get-go. You can self-park and when you get to the elevator, you have to walk through Paris (not a bad thing really, but time consuming) to get to the Bally's registration area, which always seems to have long queues. We stayed in the newly renovated North Tower, deluxe room. Averaging $77 a night for Monday and Tuesday nights, I feel like the hotel could have averaged $30 a night had we stayed longer. The luck I had in Vegas made me rue the day a bit.That said, the deluxe room just seemed to lack the amenities I had taken for granted as a guest at Mandalay Bay and the Palms in the past. No refrigerator, big boxy television, a tub for a bath and not even a couch to lay down on. The beds DO make up for it and are rather comfortable and spic 'n' span clean.Stay here if you'll need more gambling money. But gamble elsewhere. Anywhere elsewhere.
4	got to do a survey here watching a new tv pilot and got paid for it. busy casino area, clean rooms, and they have deal or no deal machine. Middle of the strip and easy access to the monorail - what more could you ask for.
4	This review update to Bally's is a little bit overdue (Jan '11) but I thought it'd be nice to share because my last stay was awesome!  Awesome because I scored a North Tower Deluxe Room for $47 night on Orbitz, and the fact that it was an actual mini-suite instead of the usual room.  Take a look at how cozy it was (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=3wAzfCPMSJYZfgUwvOs7bg).  What you don't see on the pic is the rest of the table with 3 more chairs, a sink and small fridge next to my bed, and a sectioned bathroom. That fridge was a huge bonus since I had a lot drinks I bought from Walgreens and ABC Stores and it kept them nice and cold.  And though it wasn't a Strip view out my window, it was still pretty nice to look at at night (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=xOS9JO7Axpt5kbWwiW6xyA).  This was very pleasing to the eye when I took my occasional time-out from the Strip. Once again, Bally's delivers on a great room with an awesome rate.  You can never go wrong with their North Tower.
2	Something positive to say... LOCATION IS GREAT!!As for everything else... Where to start?  When we checked in, long process.  There was a huge line and there were only 3 front desk attendents.  It would have been nice if there was a bit more help.  The room, we were located in the North Tower.  From my understanding  these are the "updated" rooms.  The room looked okay... It was nothing special.  It looked like a room at the Best Western.  For someone who doesn't care about the room itself, I would recomend Bally's.  If you actually care about where you lay your head, then yes... Dont come here.
3	This review is the first in a series of raves and rants regarding all of the casinos I've experienced in Vegas. Not that they don't have enough already. I just want to share dammit.I've only been in the rooms here once, and that was 5 years ago, so cannot comment on it.OVERALL VIBEBallys in perfectly located given it's appeal towards the budget minded folks. A popular spot for families, as well as younger groups. Very reasonable prices on food throughout the place. The decor is a little bland, but makes for a great casual environment to eat, drink, mingle, and even gamble. Not all ritzy and jazzed up, but not a dump either. A fun vibe with a less-than-normal-disorienting layout.POKERPoker room gets 4 stars. I frequent the poker room here due to the fact that it is a heavier concentration of nonsense players who are staying at the casino and want to give their luck a try. The poker room is well managed and a decent 1-2 game that gets pretty full around 7pm. They have a lot of bonuses, which contributes to the money on the table as the night progresses, but they also pull $1 extra per hand for it. It is located in the middle of the casino, so it gets a little noisy at times, but the bar is adjacent to it so no worries on cocktail service. DRINKSThey are stingy on the cocktails, even if you take care of the waitress. Fail. They do, however, serve cheap drafts at the bar closest to the entrance by the slots. The late night margarita specials are weak as well. Feel a sugar rush more than you do a buzz.Also noteworthy is that the hot chocolate SUCKS. VERDICTAgain, I've never stayed here, so I can't comment on service or the amenities and all that. However, the laid-back, family crowd in a high traffic area along with decent cheap food options and a pretty soft poker game keep me coming back at least once a trip.
4	I'm a big fan. Staff were super nice. Food a really good. Room service was quick, correct & not to hard on the wallet. I will be staying here again. It's the perfect location on the strip too. LOVED IT
3	I remember the first time I stepped into and stayed in Bally's was in '93 when I accompanied my Mom during a convention she was attending.  Granted I was only a teenager at the time, I had a buddy along so we walked up and down the strip to Circus Circus everyday.  Through the years, the Strip has changed but the hotel hasn't.I've stayed at Bally's a few times after that and the rooms have had minor upgrades here and there, nothing major.  The rooms are spacious and every room we were in always had a sofa, which was nice.  The beds are dated and sagging but I've slept on far worse beds.  They still have tube TV's but hopefully that'll change.  One thing that I hope will change are their popcorn ceilings.  The bathroom was spacious but when the toilet flushed, it was loud, you know, that public restroom SWOOSH kind of loud.  Also, the shower head was some type of water saver so the stream of water wasn't quite strong for my taste.  There are no resort fees, which the hotel really touts but, they charge $13.95 for internet access, what a rip!The casino has remained the same over the years and their little shopping area has slowly deteriorated.  I remember the pool was always fun, but it's been a few years since I've been there.Several family members have told us to try out the Sterling Brunch on Sundays but warned us on this trip to probably skip it as the quality has gone down.  Well for $85 per, I'll take their word for it.Overall, Bally's is an okay place to stay, it's in the center of the Strip so you don't have to drive out, it's connected to Paris and within a short walking distance to the other casinos.  Honestly, you can get one hell of a deal on your stay here!  It's not my first choice to stay when in Vegas but it's not the last!
2	I guess you get what you pay for! Ugh, this place is DISGUSTING. Got a regular room for about $90 on hotels.com. I was thinking it couldn't be THAT bad, but boyyy...it was. The carpets are so dirty that I will not touch my bare feet on it. The sheets/duvet/covers are those old style flower ones, which makes me wonder how long they've been there for. Sound proofing is HORRIBLE--I can hear people walking in the hallway outside and I can hear weird ticking noises while I was trying to fall asleep.Okay, I'll stop complaining now. At least their bathrooms are decently sized!
3	I was lucky enough to stay in the North Tower which was fine. I haven't been to the South Tower, so I can't comment on those rooms.I tried to get a room close to my friends since we were here for the same wedding. I came in pretty late, but  the front desk person was pretty accommodating. She found me a room on the same floor, but looked sad as all they had were junior suites which would be an upgrade fee. So for three nights, the cost was 56 bucks. Total. For a suite with a fridge and a lot more space than a normal room. I was fine with that. I went through Priceline anyway, so I got a pretty good deal that I already paid for. The room had nice enough beds, but they seemed a little small for queens. The room was clean, the bathroom was clean and the shower had water pressure. I was pretty happy about that. Bally's is connected to the Paris so basically you have access to the same stuff as the Paris for a lot less. I was fine with that.  Lots of restaurants on the way to the Paris that are tasty and I've reviewed themThere is also a food court downstairs on the pool level that includes pizza, hot dogs and stuff that kids and adults would like. The Casino is a bit smokey for my taste, but Vegas is pretty smokey.Tip. No resort fees. I know that sounds lame, but those add up. Remember that with any of the Harrah's properties. Tip#2. There are better buffets than the one at the Bally's.Bally's is close to a lot of places on the Strip so it makes it a very good location for the price.I would recommend here if you tend to do more than just stay in your room or your casino.
1	Am I in China? 50% of the guests here are Chinese. I went here to see Jubilee (which was beautiful, but horrendously boring), and I seriously felt like I was in a Chinese hotel. There are Asians running and yelling across the casino floor, literally. After the show, some white trash and bf were screaming in front and the girl collapsed close to me with a bloody leg and continued to scream. Then what happened? Nothing. No one from Bally's helped.Never again.
4	Nice place. I love it that it is connected to Paris and there is a small food court on the lower levet. The rooms look lovely, new furniture, nice granite bathroom, the only that was old was the safe and the TV.  The pool area is really small and the music is really loud for the area size. The casino was fun, wish they had more Pai Gow tables.
2	Just checked in to room and very disappointed. The furnishings were all cheap, ugly and old. The television was a 27" tube not flat screen and they wanted to charge $14/day for internet access.The entire place seemed just a little shabby. As if they couldn't be bothered to put in the extra effort. Probably stay here again, with so many other places that are a better value or more interesting.
5	Great affordable hotel on the strip. Everything is clean. Also, it is connected to the Paris hotel. There are free shuttles to the rio, which is great if you want to go to the buffet. Although, the North tower is MUCH more modern than the south tower.
2	Ugh, a casino.Lots of smoking people looking sad being brought drinks by sad looking women in hot pants and tights.When I say sad I do not mean unattractive, I mean, they look so unhappy to be working there, ugh...
3	Bally's is a solid hotel and casino. No theme or bells and whistles (except on the slots) but it has decent rooms and a great location adjacent and connected to the Paris. Their rates are affordable so it it a great value.
4	I spent a lot of time here because its one of the few places left in Vegas that has Caribbean Stud Poker.
1	I've stayed at many of the Harrah's affiliated hotels in Las Vegas and have had a positive to an outstanding experience in doing so.  But Bally's is seriously crap.  We decided to come on a memorial weekend and were prepared for it to be real busy.  When we arrive and check in I get in a line of only 8 other check ins, it didn't look so bad.  Until we found out there was only 2 employees working to check people in.  A senior citizen training on how to check people in and another senior citizen supervising her. This is ridiculous of all weekends why on have one attendee and in training?  It took an hour to get to the front of the line.  I told them I was surprised why they were so understaffed, they were nice enough to upgrade my room for free.   The next morning I saw a huge line at check in and again just 1 person checking in.  The rest of the stay we were rudely turn away by the valet.  The check out was when I almost lost it.  I was standing in line behind a senior couple who was talking to the employee.  They were having a long conversation about the local sights.  The line behind me is building and they are still talking.  15 minutes go by the attendant and I exchange glances that the seniors are taking too long.  Finally they finish, they are old so I didn't want to rush them.  So when I get tot he counter to check out she tells me "oh I don't work here".  I asked her why she did not inform any of us in the line who have been waiting for close to 20 minutes now.  She just said oh I was busy.  F, her busy yapping it up.   Don't think I will ever stay here again.  I've experience better at Travel Lodge
2	As any other older hotel on the strip, at least this place is NOT circus circus.  At times even the rates are cheaper here than Motel 8...scary I know right?The location is right in the center of the strip and right across from Caesar's...so definitely with the walkways and avoiding taxis and the inevitable traffic is great!  I would have given the hotel at least 3 stars but for a busy holiday weekend and to have a long check-in line and then to get to the room to find out that there were holes in clean pillow sheets and one of the beds smelling like smoke, I waited a total of 2 hours just to get housekeeping to come back upstairs to redo the bedding.  Don't forget to check the pillows for double pillowcases (trust me, you will thank me later).  From now on, that will be something else I'll have to do when I stay at any hotels in vegas (or elsewhere for that matter).The casino sadly smelled like smoke everywhere so no matter how hard we tried to avoid the smokiness....as soon as you left the "smoke free" room....might as well consider yourself a chain smoker.  Luckily I wasn't in the hotel long enough for my lungs to fill up with 2nd hand smoke!
1	Worst room service I don't think. They clean the room ,  no slippers. No robs is there. Less than. One star
2	Yeah man, I am still not a fan of this place. I did not stay here but I do tend to stay at the NJ location as an overnight stay.This to me is one of the few places I can't even win like $5 back or anything here.  Just bad news all around, I gave it a shot two years ago and no luck then either.Now, I guess I face the day I will not be playing here anymore.  I am not saying this place is amateurish but I just did not see a giant ton of fun being had by any other people here.  I guess I just will be having fun at all the other spots.  No more MF'n excuses but yeah I am perfectly content to only come here again to possibly use the monorail station.  YEAH basically fuck this place.*Fail number two was there were almost no waitress giving cocktails at 11:45 in the evening while playing the other night.  It was not even that busy and since I was playing for a bit, could've used another drink. My last rum and coke was almost empty.*Location is nice, right on the strip and kind of in the middle of everything, right before you get to Cosmopolitan or Planet Hollywood area.
4	You can't beat Bally's for the price. One of the cheaper hotels on the strip that isn't nasty. I'm going to break this into 2 reviews, the hotel and the casino.Ok the hotel gets 4/5 stars. It was very nice. Check-in was quick and easy. The room was great. We had a jr. suite, which was clean and very roomy. Had a large bathroom and a separate vanity area, so my girlfriend and I could get ready at the same time with out getting in each other's way. We ordered room service a few times when we were too tired or drunk to go downstairs. It was reasonably priced (for room service) and was there pretty quick. The steak and shrimp special was just as good as the steakhouse downstairs but about 1/4 of the price. All the staff was very nice, without being overly nice or fake. The only complaint I had (and it's barely a complaint) was that we didn't have a "do not disturb" sign. I asked a maid on the first day we were there and she said she would get one for us, but we never got one. I didn't ask again because it really wasn't important. The funny thing was that when we left to check-out, there was a sign on our door. It just made me laugh, and in no way affected our stay. It was nice having the walkway to Paris, and the monorail station downstairs. Now for the casino, I'd give it about 2-3 stars. It's not one of the fancier casinos, but they at least try. Table games were nice, and 2 or 3 of the dealers were very nice and funny, but the rest didn't seem to care. The slots were ok, many of them were broken though. They are also kinda scattered around. You have to kinda search for the ones you want. My biggest complaint here was the drinks. I mean the best part of gambling is the free drinks, but the waitresses were no where to be found! I had to wait a long time for anyone to come by, and a long time to get my drink after I ordered it. I can understand when it's busy, but even during the day service was slow. When playing the tables immediately adjacent to the bar, we got plenty of service, but the waitress was very old and couldn't here well. She constantly brought us the wrong drinks. My girlfriend would order a mudslide and she'd get either a bud light or a mai tahi. Very annoying. In conclusion, if you are looking for a cheap place to stay on the strip without the hotel being sketchy, go to Bally's. Just gamble somewhere else. Paris is next door and a great casino.
5	We enjoyed so much our stay, close to everywhere. The room was extremely clean, nice, comfortable bed, and worth the money we spent.The staff was friendly, and helpful. The facilities were great, and spotless as well. Even the breakfast was delicious.For sure, we'll come back and highly recommend to anyone to stay here !
4	This place is great. The rates are pretty reasonable, the rooms are nice and clean, the restaurants are good and the gambling is fantastic. I stayed here last year from July 13th through July 16th and I really enjoyed my stay. I also won a good amount of money, so that was nice, too.The only issue I had with the place was the check-in time. I waited in line to check in for around a half hour or 45 minutes. I usually don't mind waiting, but they should have had more staff on hand. That said, my luggage WAS delivered to my room so that was nice not having to lug that big suitcase around.Anyway, the place is great and is within walking distance of so many great places. I really recommend staying here!
4	I stayed here memorial day weekend and had a great time. The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. The staff at check-in even upgraded our room and were great at finding us the best room with a nice view.   The deluxe room that we stayed in had great ammenities and everything was super clean. I would definitely stay here again and the location on the strip is killer!
5	I enjoyed my stay here immensely. We only paid $52 for 1 night, got comped for 3 more and were upgraded to suites in the North tower. The rooms we stayed in were immaculate, the casino was loose enough, the pool was great and the central location was amazing!To be honest, I was really only in the room to sleep and shower! The point of Vegas is to be out and about!
4	This review is solely for my friend's wedding reception, which was great. 5 stars for the bartender, who if he judged me for alternating between manhattans and dirty martinis all night didn't let on, he just kept my glass full. They had lots of passed hors d'oeuvres at the start of the reception, and while I appreciated the variety, some were really great and others were just so-so. The lamb chops and the lobster wontons were stand-outs. Dinner was steak, and I think it was alright, but thanks to the martinis and manhattans, I don't remember many details about the dinner. There was karaoke at the reception, which was kind of awesome, only complaint is that the DJ was really cheesy, even compared to other wedding DJs.
2	This is one of the worst properties on the Strip, in my opinion. Now, it can be good in the sense of location and price - so if you are just looking for a cheap room, this place will work. However, there is nothing particularly notable about the rooms (though, they are perfectly fine), the spa is awful, and the regular buffet is the worst I've been to.
3	You get what you pay for, right? Ballys is in a great location on the strip and the price was reasonable. Plus it's connected to Paris so between the two hotels there are a lot of restaurants. The other two things I like about Ballys were SEA (amazing Thai restaurant) and the show (Jubilee) which we had 2 for 1 tickets for.Here are my complaints- the toilet in our room ran nonstop, we actually rigged it so it would stop. There is no mini bar (wtf) and when we checked into the hotel we waited in line for a long time. At 4 or 5 p.m. on a Staurday please staff checkin accordingly. I have to admit that in 110 degrees after a 1 hour flight delay and a long shuttle line to get to the hotel (Ballys doesn't have an airport shuttle) I was NOT happy about another line.Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
3	I never heard of this hotel, but place wasn't that bad. AC came very handy for them hot days down here in Vegas. I like how it was connected with Paris. I really enjoyed there machines alot, sadly I lost $600 that night and wasn't seeing that money ever again (haha). On the bright side though, I did manage to get my drink on and that helped ease the pain away.I would stay here again.
3	I got an offer through Total Rewards for comp nights and chose to stay at Bally's for its location and newly renovated North Tower. Upon check in, the agent was soft spoken and I had to try hard to listen over all the casino noise but it was a very smooth process. I was glad to be able to check in early around noon but there were maybe only 3 agents working. Since it was a comp stay, a credit card was not required for incidentals unless I was going to use the internet or make phone calls. I am glad the agent gave us that option rather than requiring a credit card. The room was nice and clean and so was the bathroom. It went through renovations, but the TV was still old school. Nothing spectacular to report about but no complaints either.I absolutely love the perks of being in a convenient location that Bally's offers. Located smack dab on the middle of the strip. I love that Bally's is connected to Paris and you instantly feel like you are in another country walking through the shops and making that transition. I also like how they have a complimentary shuttle to the Rio which is their sister property. The strip is easily accessible as well with the escalators and moving sidewalks.  Catching a cab from Bally's was not a great experience. Standing in a line in the Las Vegas heat is never fun, but hey, what else can you do, right?! The line was not too long but cabs do not frequent Bally's so there is no flow of vehicles. The doorman openly chews gum and holds his tips in a nice open stack in his hand. He asks where you are going but does not tell the cab driver. Tip for nothing! This guy needs a lesson on service!One night, I was stuck in traffic in a taxi and asked to get dropped off at Paris instead of Bally's since I could just walk through the casino and the cab driver made a joke: "You realized that it's gonna charge you a million dollars plus an arm and a leg to get dropped off at Ballys in this traffic, but then you'd have to pay for your French visas and all that to enter Paris!" Hahahaha... Good one. Overall, good experience!
4	It's not as fancy as The Wynn or Venetian, but it's not cheap and nasty as some other Vegas hotels.Have been staying at Bally's for the past few years and have had pleasant stays each time and highly recommend it.It's affordable and on the strip - the total rewards prices make it a better deal!
1	What a dump! Here for a convention so I did not pick it.Stinky room  with semi-broken AC, buzzing loudly.  Poorly cleaned carpeting in hallway, flashing broken overhead lighting in hallway sitting area.Vendng machines out of order on five sequential floors (deliberately or due to neglect?)
3	Here are a few reasons I chose Ballys after MUCH thought -Location Location LocationPrice Price PriceNo Resort FeesLocation Location LocationThis place is attached to Paris, has a monorail stop, an average pool... a pool is a pool, you can't go wrong with a pool unless you're extremely picky (and yes, I know the type...)The place might be a bit dated but it gets crowded.  We checked in on a Tuesday around 3:30 - got handed a pretty decent coupon book and an option to upgrade to a suite in the North Tower for $20 more per night.  I was told the North Tower was recently renovated but the South Tower had the better view...Really, how much time do you stay in your room in Vegas?  We saved some money, picked the South Tower and had a view of Paris, The Paris Pool, and the Bellagio fountain show.Yes, the room might need some updating - the drawers in the furniture didn't all open, some of the outlets in the room didn't work, one of the lamps didn't work but the bathroom was big, the water pressure was great, and the beds were decent and I had 3 pillows on my queen size bed.  If you're looking to not spend all kinds of money, or stupid resort fees at a hotel mid-strip, choose Ballys.
4	I don't know about you, but I didn't go to Vegas to spend my time in the room.  I haven't been to Vegas in 25 years (yeah THAT LONG ago) and I wanted to be on the strip.  Bally's was PERFECTLY located to everything north and south.  NO self parking fee, FREE valet (you tip of course), NO resort fee, as a Harrah's property you can go to 7 other hotel pools (we pooled at Paris and loved it), HUGE room (400-500 sqft), GREAT A/C, FRIENDLY staff throughout, CLEAN bed and bathroom ... what more do you need?  Was it fancy? No.  Was the carpet perfect? No.  Was the bathroom upgraded? No.  Was it priced right?  Yes! (Sat, Sun, Mon nite for avg $82 ea - can't beat that in the middle of the strip!).  We are supposed to meet up with friends at Mandalay in a couple of weeks at 3x the cost and very far removed from the middle of the strip.  Uh, I don't think so!  It's Bally's for us, time and time again!
4	Great hotel!!  Love the Diamond Lounge!!
4	Not a 5 star hotel, absolutely not bad though. I recently stayed here for the 2011 APP conference with a couple of friends in the south tower.Overall, I would definitely stay here again. The rooms were very nice, ALWAYS cleaned the next day with new sheets. Our room had an awesome view of  the Paris and Caesars. The only real downside was that the Wifi was expensive. But in terms of price and location? This place cant be beat. Right on the strip, Bally's is connected to the Paris (we snuck int the hot tub like 3-4 of the 6 nights we were there) and is within walking distance of pretty much anything you could need near the central of The Strip.All that, and the casino downstairs, the pool was spent with friends, and the casino bar was awesome.Can't wait for APP next year!
3	the room was not bad but it wasnt great. maybe need to upgrade those tvs and throw some nickalodeon on there too. The food for the room service was actually VERY GOOD! if you stay here and order room service i do suggest you getting the fish and chips or the steak and shrimp! DELICIOUS!
5	I'm a fan! $300 for 4th of July weekend!Great location, free upgrade to North tower! Best part of my Vegas trip, watching the Caesars Palace's fireworks show from our room!Pretty much the whole strip is walking distance, rooms were great. Pool was fun, Definitely will be returning.
3	Bally's used to be a nice place to stay back in the day, especially since their rooms are typically larger than other Vegas hotels. My recent stay in January bumped this review down because its age is definitely showing. The only good thing going for them is the location: smack dab in the middle of the strip. Tip: Ask for the North Tower
4	Just got back to San Diego after a lovely couple of days in Vegas!Traveled via "Lux Ground" (see my review on that one- horrible!)but Bally's was great!  I had booked it on a fantasic deal so, honestly,wasn't expecting much.  We arrived early and had no problem checking in. The gentleman at the desk offered- unprompted- to upgrade us to a large suite and we happily accepted.  Although the room/decor is verydated...the rooms were huge in the suite!  Three "living room" areas, kitchen/bar, bath and a half etc... Tons of space, everything clean- I would absolutely stay here again.Last time I went  I stayed at Aria- which is *fantastic* but also paid considerably more.  I'm not much of a critic on most hotel rooms though since I never spend much time in them anyway- mostly a place to stow your bags and sleep.  So, given that info....I'd stay in Bally's next time without hesitation.
4	Hubby and I did not stay here but by the looks of their casino, location on the strip, and shops, it looks promising.
1	Upgraded to too in North tower. Ok, but not worth the extra $20 a night; gave me a discount coupon for the gym/spa, which the spa wouldn't accept; charged my room $25 for dry cleaning I didn't get and wouldn't credit me at checkout. Stay away from this place unless you want to get ripped off.
3	Shared a 2 bed room with 8 girls! Too many femmes in one room but the price was right! Very basic room, clean, big enough bathroom. Can't really complain except for the fact that we had a few extra guests in our room on a Saturday night and the front desk called us twice regarding a noise complaint. It's Vegas! Every room is full of people partying! I thought it was kind of ridiculous but we shut up and then headed out.
4	Still missing the wifi connection for free........ 1. Don't get a room facing the sun in summer, the ac can't keep up.2. Your people movers are DEAD 95% of the time, it's 110 in the shade and your movers are down, if you are going to have them then keep them working.3. The down summer blanket was awesome :) thanks! 4. You need to make a connection between the pool and the towers, your mall isn't great so the idea behind making everyone walk the mall isn't working..  Your hub for the monorail and the pool would get more business if you made a cross connection for us to use.  After walking all day than having to walk a mile to the pool is crazy.... 5. Just update the rooms a little is all I ask, but hell it was cheap so I guess I get what i pay for see ya 10/31- 11/7 :)
4	2$ tacos at the restaurant next to the sidewalk cafe to soak up the daiquiris you have consumed.
2	I'm being nice with the 2 stars. This place is seriously a bucket of crap. Those who think this place is actually good need to have their brains examined. There are SO MANY other hotels on the strip, I don't understand why anyone would want to stay here. The only reason I stayed at Bally's was because my mother had a convention located in the hotel. We only stayed two nights until the convention was over and transferred to the New York New York (which is much better and happened to be cheaper) for the rest of our stay in Vegas.To top it off, the staff was extremely rude. We were supposed to be placed in the newly renovated North tower, but all of the rooms were taken by the time we arrived. My mother was specifically told she'd be placed in the North tower because the convention was being held in that area. The lady at the front desk basically gave us a "too bad, so sad" look and rolled her eyes. We were placed in the South tower, which is awful. If for some misfortune you end up staying at Bally's, for the love of God, do not stay in the South Tower.
4	This review is on our staycation in Ballys from July 14 to the 18, at the south tower.   Ballys best feature is its location. It is attached to Paris, across from the Bellagio and the Flamingo. Caesars Palace is diagonally across the street.    Our south tower room was spacious and clean. Although the north tower is supposed to be the nicer of the two, the south tower has rooms that overlook the center strip. In my opinion, there seems to be little difference in the rooms themselves (we have stayed in the north tower). As far as safety, when we stayed at the north tower, security manned the elevator banks. Anybody could walk onto a south tower elevator. The room numbering is confusing. It took me a good few minutes to realize that room 6008 is on level ten.    As far as Ballys casino,it served us more of a shortcut to Paris and the Strip, than a place to spend time in. It seems that Paris has more amenities than Ballys. Ballys does not have a big parking garage, and I parked at Paris. Ballys Coffee Shop closes at 2 PM, we ate in La Cafe. We'd have breakfast in Paris. We'd watch the dueling piano show in Paris. Ballys feels like an extension of Paris, and to me it seems like one large hotel.  I recommend Ballys. And there ar no resort fees.
3	Came here in the Casino's... no room.Very old so it does smell like cigarettes like every casino but even worse... not as bad as Flamingo, but still bad. It's between Paris and Flamingo.I got a feeling that Bally's caters to older adults - close to the retiring age because I saw lots of them when I came in here.
3	Ambiance: AverageRoom: AverageService/Concierge: N/A (not used) Parking: free Location: ExcellentI was being comped for rooms here so I can't really complain in terms of value. The location is dead center so no complaints there. It is also connected to Paris hotel via the casino lobby and I happen to like the night life in Paris. The Sterling Brunch is a good attraction and you do get a discount if you stay here unfortunately I was leaving on Sunday and didn't get to try it. The room I stayed in was clean and didn't smell. The lobby is nothing spectacular and is functional. The Staff is can be hit or miss typical of casinos in this price range. I didn't go to the pool here so can't really comment on that.
4	Of the cheaper casinos on the Strip, Bally's has been the best I stayed at. Definitely a cut above LV Hilton, Excalibur, Luxor, Circus Circus, Stratosphere that I have stayed in recent years.My room was super cheap with Priceline air/hotel package. It was huge, like a studio apartment minus kitchen with a great queen bed, couch, 2 desks, big round table. I think it was in the North tower. Comfy towels. Super clean.My only real complaint is high price for Internet access, though I found Ichiban restaurant on P level has free WiFi.Free shuttle to Rio (10a-1a) was real handy as well. Rio has another shuttle to Harrah's so you can bounce that way to the other end of the Strip.
4	You know, Bally's isn't really all that bad.  I know that there are a ton of fancier hotels on the strip, but for being on the strip, Bally's is a great alternative if you don't wanna pay up the wazoo for a couple nights in Vegas.I was surprised at how spacious the rooms were.  We had two large beds, an ample seating area with another table, a vanity area, and of course the restroom.  The colors were very warm, which was nice and inviting as well.Every person we interacted with was super friendly and helpful.  When we were leaving, they asked us if we needed help with directions.  The valet guy also suggested Pho Kim Long for us to go eat at, which was pretty dang tasty.On our way out, we were asking about where to get gas so we could drive back to LA.  The valet guy told us not to go to the gas station right around the corner, but instead head on the 15 and get off at Blue Mountain Road (right after Bass Fishing Shops).  He said that Mobile Gas Station had the cheapest gas in all of Vegas.The only thing I wish were that it had more food affordable food options with some sort of food court.  But, I also like that it's connected to Paris so you don't have to go out in the blistering heat.  All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Bally's and would be more than happy to stay here again!
1	Worst valet service EVER...  Luckily we were staying @ the Rio...  Unfortunately my parents were @ Bally's.  Went to pick them up and the manager of valet (Michael) not only gave me his bad attitude but also his sarcasm...  Had me and my family waiting there for almost half hour...  And they were NOT busy...  He was my first and last impression of this hotel.  I don't think we'll ever go back.
4	I love you but I don't. I have great memories here from last year when I came up with my friends but then again you just cheated me out of $40! Cruel Cruel Cruel.The location is great and their rates are really affordable. The older tower has pretty outdated rooms so we always make sure to ask for an upgrade...even if we have to shell out an extra $25. They have a little Taco/Mexican restaurant inside which I believe is open 24 hours. I've spent a lot of drunk hours munching on chips and salsa with my friends. The margaritas there are also strong...and big. I remember them coming in a fishbowl. Good times.The casino itself is nothing special compared to the surrounding ones, but it holds a special place in my heart nonetheless.
3	Great location with easy access to monorail, express bus, and bridges to cross busy streets. Good staff and lobby experience. Hotel rooms are very large but the reason for three stars: out-dated tube tvs that have poor reception on half the channels, and a bathtub-shower door combination that is ancient. But I loved the value and the access to Paris Las Vegas and its delectable restaurants. Nice pool.
2	In life you get what you pay for and Bally's is a true example of this...We did get the room for $39 a night, excluding tax, but no resort fees. The first night we checked in because we didn't make it by 4 PM, they gave us a room with two queens instead of a king as we requested. Instead of honoring it, they kept trying to upcharge us to move to the north tower for $30 a night, but why would we pay an extra $30 when we only paid $39 in the first place?!The front desk was extremely slow for check in and check out. They weren't very friendly and not accommodating at all. I guess part of the cheap rates is the service too. The rooms are outdated and it shows. The first one we checked into smelled like smoke on a non-smoking floor. Fortunately, the second night we did get a king room (no apologies from the front desk) which did smell better. It's the little things like the ventilation system and amenities that suck. Sure, the location may be good, but realize that even if something looks close in proximity, it's still far to walk! I realize I might b a bit of a hotel snob, but Bally's didn't cut it for me. I would never stay here again and you shouldn't either!
3	So, as we know, everything in Vegas is an illusion. A slight of hand. A mirage in the desert. So when something appears to be too good to be true, it likely is. This is the case with Bally's Hotel and Casino. I was on a quest to find a place to go on vacation that was A) Hot B) Had a pool and C) relatively inexpensive. A few days at Bally's seemed to be just the trick. Upon arriving (after a $25 cab ride - I think the cabby duped us) we arrived at the hotel. Whitney checked us in and was very professional and sweet. Now, I knew that considering we had paid just under $400 a piece including flight, that our hotel room wouldn't be The Ritz however I was unprepared for the room we walked into. Oh boy, where do I start? Furniture looked like it was from a garage sale, 25 years ago, room was not clean, clothes left in the drawers along with condom (unused thankfully). Bathroom dirty, bed uncomfortable and just an overall air of skeeviness that I couldn't shake. I literally thought to myself, this is where people come to drink themselves to death. A quick trip down to the lobby, a conversation with the humorous and accommodating Elvis (I kid you not), $200 later and a new room in the North Tower and mama was MUCH happier. The new room was light and airy with good linens, lots of mirrors and a whirlpool tub that was strangely although not unsightly on a platform in the middle of the room. The room also had a separate room for the toilet (nice when you're spending 4 days with your man) and a bidet (later to be called The Fountain). The hotel itself is fine, you can tell they have not updated it in years so it has that old school feel, the restaurants are fine although finding a salad can be a challenge. The pool is nice, but again nothing fancy and pretty much straight out of 1988. Of course the location is why people still come here, and let's face it, a lower priced hotel on the strip is a good thing for folks who don't want to pay top dollar at The Bellagio et all. I'll review the other places we went to within Bally's and also in Vegas to give you the full picture. Overall, this hotel is kind of dumpy but fine if you just want a decent place to stay. But seriously, pony up the extra cash to stay in the north tower it's well worth it to avoid the skin crawling feeling.
2	: (
1	We only stayed here because we won a free room.  We paid to upgrade to a suite hoping that would mean it would be nice...wrong!  There were stains on the carpet, walls, and furniture.  Everywhere you looked there was something that made you cringe.  The sheets on the bed actually did appear to be clean so we were thankful for that.  Our suite consisted of two massive rooms with floor to ceiling windows in each room.  It really had the potential to be amazing but it was impossible to ignore the lack of cleanliness everywhere.The suite was so massive that my first thought was that it'd be perfect for a big group of friends.  Unfortunately, even if you could ignore the stains on the couches, they weren't exactly sleepable.  All three of the couches were rounded and wouldn't be comfortable to sleep on at all.  There was plenty of floor space, probably enough to fit 10 or more air mattresses so that's an option but I'm not sure I'd ever want to stay here again, even for free.It basically seemed like they weren't really trying.  There were large stains on the carpet which made walking around barefoot an adventure.  You could tell that the corners hadn't been vacuumed in a long time.  The cleaning person actually left a dirty rag on one of our counters and there were chunks of something (use your imagination) in the sink behind the bar.  The couches and armchairs were the worst.  I have never seen anything like this before and I've stayed at some questionable places.  There were stains everywhere - these were large vomit or spilled drink stains and it was so bad that we never once sat down anywhere other than the bed.This room was disgusting.  I could go on and on about a number of other issues but I'd rather not think about it.  I don't recommend Ballys to anyone.  There is the possibility that they have nicer/newer rooms but I wouldn't chance it.  I understand that the larger suites like this are usually used by groups of party-animals so stains are more likely but this was extreme.  The carpet and upholstered furniture is past the point of cleaning and needs to be replaced.  I don't even think Good Will would accept some of the pieces.
3	I'm not sure if I stayed in the north or south tower (I was facing the Eiffel Tower), but my room wasn't nice. It was clean and spacious. Otherwise, the furniture and decor looked like something out of Boogie Nights. The shower light was flickering on and off which was decidedly un-classy. Other things that annoyed me but I won't necessarily hold against them: no room frig and there was a $30 charge for a pull out. There's a bar near the elevator which serves dirt cheap margaritas, but they also taste like dirt cheap margaritas. Overall, I recommend Caesars or MGM over this hotel. Comparable price, better room.
4	Thanks to our great friend, we were able to stay here for a really affordable price for 3 nights.The first night (thurs) we were upgraded to a resort-like suite; it was two stories - personally, I was really excited for this because I've never stayed in a hotel room with STAIRS. If we ever get this again, I'd love to bring one of those two story-long beer bongs that starts from the second floor so u can chug from the first. Yeah buddy.Second and third nights we stayed in the diamond room, two large beds and we were able to ask for 2 more rolling beds. I'll just jot down some quick Cliff Notes:1) Not super glamorous like the Wynn/encore/ph/cosmo, but definitely not shabby/rundown. Just simple and clean-cut, which I'm more than happy with.2) Great location - pretty much middle of the strip.3) Right across the street (flamingo) there's a liquor store. So if you run out of your pre-gaming equipment like we did, you can just walk on over and buy a few bottles/chasers at affordable prices, no problemo. 4) About a 5 minute walk from Ellis Island - an offshore dated casino that has awesome $4.99 steak & eggs and amazing beers (read my review on Ellis Island).5) Only negative I can think of: the TV's were very, very outdated. But uh, who watches TV in Vegas?
4	I was expecting old kinda grossness.. I was pleasantly surprised!!This is the perfect location. Right in the middle of everything.. Connected to Paris. So I live in Vegas, so I wasn't really trying to spend a lot of money when my friends came in to visit. They didn't see the point either since we would just be sleeping and getting ready there. Seriously, there is NO reason to spend $300 a night in Vegas. This place is nice! Be nice to guest services and maybe they will give you a free upgrade like I got :)The room was nice.. clean.. no complaints! For two nights we only spent $260.. I don't think that is bad at all.. Cabs to clubs and restaurants were ok prices.. Don't spend a ton of money.. being centrally location is all you really should care about
4	I'm a fan of Bally's :) I've stayed here twice (once with family and another time this past weekend with my friends) and it's been a pleasure staying here because it is located in the middle of the strip and it's not a confusing hotel to find your room.Our room was nice and clean with a view of the strip looking toward Palms. The bathroom was big and everything was organized neatly.Only downfall about Bally's is it doesn't have an nightclubs or dayclubs. Bally's is good for having a place to pass out, get ready for the day/night, and watch Jubilee! (but with people ages 18+ because the women do go topless lol)
3	My first time in Las Vegas and definitely NOT my lastWe ended up staying at Bally's because they were offering 4 free comp nights. They even upgraded our room to a deluxe 2 queen bed in the north diamond tower. nice right? When we checked the room out, it looked really out dated and  a little dirty, bathroom counter was dusty, the floor didn't look like it was vacumed properly.. the windows were filthy, etc.. oh man i can go on!!!  :( Sure the beds were huge but the sheets and the covers looked like beds from "Boogie Nights" (yall remember that movie?? Dirk Diggler, Fat Gay Phillip Seymour Hoffman??... nevermind..) Anyhoo.. Long stories short. we were only there to sleep. The rest of the Hotel and Casino also looked pretty old and the whole entire room was filled with cigarette and cigar smoke!  DAMN it was hard to breath.A few good parts about Bally's was their 2 Doller Tacos and their Two Dollar Tequila at Tequilas bar and grille!, How its right in the middle of the Las Vegas strip, and also their convenient walkway to the Paris Hotel and Casino!  Was it a nice Stay?- YesWould i come back - Probably Not. I would much rather go to Caesars Palace or Planet Hollywood...
2	You get what you pay for..... crappy comforter and springy bed.. stained curtains, cheap shower and towels. For the price, you can't really complain... One major advantage is the location on the stip.... and right beside the mile mall where you can find loads of cheap eats..........
5	I stayed in the North Tower of Bally's Las Vegas for a ridiculous $27/night over Labor Day weekend 2011 on the Las Vegas Strip. First, if you don't know, Bally's connects to neighboring upscale Paris and it is an easy walk between the two casinos. Restaurants, shops, gaming and upscale decor abounds. Traveling on my own for personal business, I didn't hit the cheap buffet or any of the shows. Check-in was easy with only a short wait. Service was helpful and quick, the room in the North Tower was clean, very nice and quiet (per my request, always ask for a quiet room location in Vegas), internet service was $12 for 24 hours. The AC worked, was not excessively loud, and the bathroom had strong water pressure. I did not eat room service or at the restaurant but I have no doubt it was excellent. (In fact, I've not had a bad meal in Vegas even at dive bars)Ballys prime strip location offers easy access to the monorail service up and down the strip and on foot there is plenty to do right outside. I spent some time in nearby Miracle Mile Shops (a huge mall with shops, bars, clubs, etc., connected to Planet Hollywood) just a short walk away. The self parking garage (free) offers easy access to Paris and as mentioned a short walk to Ballys. In terms of gaming, the service was good, the floor was lively, well lit and clean, no odors, carpet looked fresh and not dingy. Overall, I was very pleased with Bally's and would stay there again. Recommended and ideal for active couples, families or traveling alone.
3	I'm not a big fan of this casino, but I have come here several times to see Don Arden's Jubilee!  Other than that, I don't find the casino to be very inviting.There have been some renovations over the past few years but it's not enough to attract me.
3	Can't complain in a free room.
3	I'll admit, I was apprehensive about staying here. Sure, it's mid-strip, the price is right, and everyone says that Bally's has the largest rooms... but the Yelp reviews made me unsure of what to expect.Well, let's just say I was pleasantly surprised! The front desk girl was super accommodating, and while we couldn't get an early check-in due to it being at capacity, we were given a room next door to our friends in the North Tower. Friendly, efficient staff. The room was clean, and I guess that's all I can say about that. I didn't really spend much time in there. I would say I'd stay here again, but after staying at Paris I might pass over Bally's for their sister hotel.
4	So the food isn't as pricey as I expected, the room is clean, and the one arm bandits don't make me feel stupid for losing my money in them.On the flip side, the people in room 750 are shagging way too loud..to the point of interrupting my nap. I mean, more power to them, but maybe make the walls out of something more durable than paper.Oh, and you have to pay for wifi PER DEVICE. Really? I can't use my iPad 2 and my laptop? outrage.
1	I am big on cleanliness. I could have overlooked the yard sale of chairs and tables left in my suite, but other things bothered me. These include: dirty carpeting (that doubled as an ashtray), scraped-up walls, doors and elevators, room service trays that sat in the hallways for 24 hours, the sound of loud arguments and smashing glass at 3 am, housekeeping staff that helped themselves to all of my change on the counter days before I was to check out, skels'  panhandling and picking cigarettes out of the ashtrays in the taxi area etc. I guess they are saving money on maintenance. I was here on business, I would never come here given the choice.
1	Racism, is that an issue here? Seems to be. I have been booking reservations for a friend of mine who is a retired social worker. He is also African American. He is very put together and what one would call a snappy dresser. He has enjoyed his October visits to Las Vegas for the last ten years. On this visit, while in Bally's casino, he was approached by an employee who, asked him his name, why he was in the casino, where was he from, had he been there before, and then requested to see his ID. He was just walking around looking for the right machine to enjoy??? He is not a big gambler, and again, a 72 year old retired social worker. After that, no explanation and not even an apology! How dare that happen! Has anyone else experienced this at Bally's? Could Bally's please explain this? Lucky it wasn't me, it would not have ended so nicely. He let it go however, this is simply not acceptable!After going to their customer service e-mail on their site, still no response from them day's later! Any on else have this happen?
3	not a bad spot to stay, but they make you pay for wifi, so they get a 3.
3	Pros:-Location...On the strip-Sports Book is very nice (seems out of place because its so nice)-Rooms are okay...Old but well kept-Good selection of games and their High Roller section is nice-Valet was fast and helpful when I asked for directions to a Golf course-Price is very good-Beds are comfortableCons:-Outdated-Food selection isn't the best-Elevator is located in a weird area that makes for long walk to the rooms especially if you have a suite
1	I should start this review by noting that I didn't have much choice in staying at Bally's. I was booked a room as part of a conference trip (ITC, if it matters) to present some slides accompanying a research paper submitted earlier. Anyhow, that's irrelevant, but just know this wasn't my first choice, even though I started with no preconceived notions.My stay started with a lukewarm greeting at check-in. Upon arriving at the counter, and after checking that my room was pre-paid, I was informed that the only option for a room that evening would either be on a smoking floor (nope, not a smoker, and the casino floors in Vegas are smoky enough for me), or if wanted a non-smoking room, it'd be next to the elevators, would be noisy, and that I could check back the next day (the trip is three nights) for a better room. Whatever - I thought - I'm fine with dealing with some elevator dings and occasional people near the door.The sounds audible inside the room are nothing like a few dings or people outside. It isn't anything like that. By "next to" the woman apparently meant - adjacent to and sharing a wall with - the elevator shaft itself. The room is arranged such that the headrests of each bed are bolted to the wall. That wouldn't be a problem ordinarily, however, on the other side of that particular wall is the elevator shaft. That wouldn't be much of a problem either, except that the elevators (there are three) are incredibly freaking loud and sound like a ski lift in the room. There's a continual series of three thumps as rollers ostensibly ride over a section of track bolted to the wall on the other side of the wall. Because the headboards are bolted to the walls, the bed and anything touching it vibrate accordingly, along with the floor and wall. It's like something out of a surrealist torture room instead of a Las Vegas hotel, I sh*t you not. As I write this, (from within the room, in fact) I've heard the elevator (or perhaps its counterweight, I can't tell) travel past the room 5 times. The sound is seriously surreal as well. It can also be imagined as the sound a deranged homeless man makes pushing a shopping cart filled with cinderblocks in circles over a set of three cement cracks. Except it Does. Not. Stop. Even at 3 AM. Nope. That's not really the only problem with this dilapidated room, either. The dresser looks like it has an incredible amount of water damage on the base and top, and cigarette burns. The room has a CRT TV (the south tower is obviously not renovated - thanks front desk woman for not giving north tower as an option) which sits on an equally battered looking TV stand that could collapse under the weight of a disapproving glance.Oh and that isn't all either, inside the bathroom, there are several tiles missing at the base of the wall, with visible exposed drywall. As in, the entire tile is missing, and you can literally see drywall. The small trashcan was interestingly placed precisely to hide sight of this.  I've uploaded a picture to the gallery for your perusal, it's not hard to miss. There's nothing inside the room that wouldn't be much better without a fresh coat of paint, either. So why all this whining, didn't you ask for another room, you're thinking, right? Well, I did the next day - the answer? Not unless you want a smoking room. Pffft.I just heard the elevator go by at full bore another time. /sighGet bent, Bally's.
3	Booked our last two nights in Vegas at Bally's because I figured...on our 4th and 5th night,....we're probably already broke... and the last thing we need is pay for cab fares.Expedia had an offer for as low as $36 a night! I mean.. that's a whole lot of money to put towards alcohol or gambling instead.Bally's is the perfect location. Located somewhat in the middle of the strip, pretty much everything is walking distance. For me, even in platform heels.We all know this is an old hotel at the strip...and given that fact....do not even attempt to compare it to the newer ones out there.... The beds aren't as luscious. the bathroom doesn't have a seperate tub with waterjet whatsoever... or a him/her sinks...none of that....But im happy they have a blow dryer.Service is pretty decent. They called in paramedics and security for a bee that stung me by their pool area.If im off to Vegas again, on a tight budget...i'd definitely look into booking here again.
1	Spent 3 nights with NO HOT WATER & NO help from the staff!! Horrible service! I would NEVER come back or recommend Bally's Las Vegas!!
4	Prime location on the stripSpa style tubComplimentary chocolatesBar and fridgeBed to fit 4Spacious living room areaMini "gym"Enough mirrors and space for 4 girls to use without fighting one anotherI think I was pretty much set staying at Bally's
5	The Sterling Buffet is AMAZING! It is worth every cent. I highly recommend anyone visiting or living for that matter in Vegas go to this buffet. I never experienced anything like it.To start off they serve you champagne. All you can eat prime rib, Alaskan king crab legs, caviar with creme fraiche, fresh oysters, shrimp cocktail, mini Belgian waffles, an omelet station, just to name a few...
4	Bally's is 3 1/2 star place in my book.The room was clean, but due for a renovation.  Check in and checkout went smoothly.The casino is casino themed.Location is great.  It's about as close to the center of the strip as possible.It's nice home base for LV Strip vacation.
4	Back again, I have to say there are only a few things I still hate about this property. 1. People movers never work, after you walk 10+ miles at the convention you want them to work BADLY!!!!!!!  2. I know you want us to walk through the mall to the monorail, but be real make a cut through..... 3. WIFI! 4. ONCE AGAIN fix the people movers, I know you shut them down on the weekends then turn them back on Mondays, been doing this same trip for 10 years now and the last 4 have been the exact same when it comes to the movers. I love my suite, but there are 28 channels and 25 are asian! D
4	Review for casino only.No matter where we end up staying, I always find myself having a great time sitting at the Rapid Roulette table by the lounge in the back of the casino. I always get fast service and enjoy the skilled cover bands that play at the lounge.From that table you can easily walk over to the Paris and grab a slice of Pizza or hit the buffet. Bally's looks very outdated when you're coming into it from the strip, but once you're inside you'll enjoy yourself as it's fairly modern for an older casino. It's certainly no Wynn or Bellagio, but I always enjoy myself here.
4	3.5 stars for Ballys. I like staying here because it's the middle of the strip and it's just easy to get around everywhere from this point. The front desk is always nice. The casino is friendly. The rooms are spacious and comfy. I don't mind either towers, south or north. The north ones are just a tad nicer. Not very expensive to stay here for the weekend. Bunch of roulette tables, two pai gow tables... and Paris is just a walk way.
4	Stayed at Bally's last time we went to Vegas because we got a really good deal. Yes Bally's needs a remodel because it's one of the older hotels on the strip... but it has one of the best locations! Right across from the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace. If you get a room in the south tower you can see the Bellagio Fountain show. The service at the front desk, cleaning ladies, and bell hops were all really friendly to us. The rooms are simple... they aren't fancy like the Aria or Venetian but for the price you can't really complain.
4	The hotel rooms are big, the bed was comfortable, the view from our room was perfect! Sure the hotel is a little outdated, but its vegas, if you are in the room, you are not doing vegas! The casino was nice, the food was good, the shops downstairs were surprising. The fact it is connected to Paris hotel is perfect. For the price, location on the strip, it will be hard to beat staying here. If you want to spend 3 times the cost for the exact same room at a more expensive hotel, go ahead. But if you need a place to crash after a fun and exciting time. Then stay here, it's worth saving your money for more exciting aspects of vegas.
3	Rooms are spacious. Decor and furniture is just a little old. We got a room on the 18th floor, and we had a nice view of the Paris pool. The Bally's pool was closed, so we had access to the Paris pool, which was nice. It was kind of dead, but I guess that's the way it is in the middle of November. Service is standard, rooms are clean, and I have no complaints.I do have complaints about hotels in general though. Why is it that big hotels never have coffee makers and minifridges anymore? It's preposterous!
4	Been here a few times for conferences, so I know the conference center.  The casino floor is just about the same as most casino's of this size and is clean and spread out.  The employee's seem happy and enjoy what they are doing, at least today, they are friendly and talkative.This was stop number two on the monorail ride today.  Easy access and quick walk in puts you close to the action!
4	This has become our go to hotel. We normally get comped rooms from Caesars Ent and have stayed in all of their hotels (minus Imperial Palace, somethings I just won't do). Ballys is just right. Rooms are large. Not the best quality, but they are cleans and decent. Not many food options. The food court downstairs only has a few restaurants (stay away from the Nathan's!! Got a nasty stomach virus!). The best choice for a quick bite is the sandwich shop off the casino floor. Cocktail service can be slow (best bring your own).If you are looking for a midscale hotel that is centrally located this is your place.*tipTake advantage of the complimentary valet parking for hotel guest
2	Did you LOVE the midwest in 1992? Like really really love the midwest in 1992? Good news! They brought northern Wisconsin in 1992 to the Las Vegas strip! The rooms were mighty mighty cheap, the beds were not quite comfortable and the non-smoking room definitely had the stench of years of chain smoking.  Our TV was probably 28" and over 150 pounds. Ultimately, you get what you pay for at Bally's, and it did the job of providing us a home base for a couple of weeknights while we were in Vegas. The location is perfect to quickly shop and explore other areas of the strip.Would I stay here again?? Yes, but I do love the midwest and not paying a lot on my hotel when I'm in Vegas. (as my money is definitely going elsewhere.)
2	Great location, OLD sucky rooms.Paper thin walls, sleepless nights as party people and tacky couples who yell at 4am broke my slumber.  PASS.... vacation is suppose to be fun for all, NO fun if one cannot sleep.
2	Bally's is one of the cheaper hotels on the strip and you get what you pay for. The location of this hotel is awesome but the rooms need some serious updating. I felt kind of dirty staying here. Look at all your options before booking a room here.
2	Not a fan!The little moving sidewalk that goes from the strip to Bally's is great....not when there is a creepy man riding it back and forth and staring you down as you head toward the casino!The entrance is not friendly either. It looks like you are stepping into the dirty past.Wasn't a fan. The tables are dirty, but they have high limits. The dealers weren't friendly and the people playing were just as odd.
3	I have stayed in better hotels (Venetian, Mandalay, MGM, Rennaisance Marriott,Paris) but for the price of $50/night , this is a GOOD DEAL! Bally's room is big. I think this have been updated, because the counters are already granite or stone. We always book Non smoking  and they do have floors for that.Our floor, 15th , was really  decent and clean (no foul smell).Service at the check in was fast & efficient. ( I hate the most is the Mandalay Bay check in)Location is excellent. It is at the center of everything.
3	We stayed here a few nights and the room was less than desirable.  The room was clean but the furniture was old.  I wonder if I paid extra for the 70's suite?!?!On the other hand, the dealers in the casino where awesome.  Iris was one of our favorite Blackjack dealers, she made sure we were always well taken care of and she was great for advice when asked.  We love you Iris!!!!
3	SO FREAKING CHEAP. WTF? I didn't think it was possible to find a HOTEL for this price, but it was unbelievably cheap. I was expecting a total shit-hole, but it was actually kinda decent. I shared the room with 5 girls (3 on each bed), not bad at all. However, I could not handle the fact that there was no free wifi. UGH.The thing is, we were originally supposed to be in the South Tower (which is the older one), but with the $20 trick, we got upgraded to the North Tower. Nice! I can't imagine how bad the South Tower rooms could have been like.When I came to Vegas last month, I though Ballys was farther up the strip, but no! Its location is great! It's connected to Paris (which was nice when it was raining outside), which is right next to Planet Hollywood, which is right across from Cosmo. Yea.. typing it out makes it seem like a realization of how great the location was haha
1	I found out that Bally's recently renovated one of their buildings.  However, I suppose I was just unlucky to have been stuck in the older building that is not yet remodeled.  (Apparently, the newer part of Bally's is really nice!)I'm going to talk about my experience in the older building...Talk about ghetto! This Vegas lodging would have been acceptable if it had been off the strip. The problem is, Bally's is located ON the strip. Therefore, I expect a bit of decency.  I'm not asking for anything extremely extravagant, but at least something better than your average motel!  The carpet looks like it hasn't been replaced since the 80s and the furniture is older than a dresser from the 1970s (the type that's covered with fake wood laminate). The pillows were flat and the beds were not even covered with a comforter.  I would NOT sleep on that carpet that looks like it's infection-ridden.  I'm glad we only stayed in that room for one day!As for the casino, I felt that there was a sleezy vibe to the entire place.  If you're going to Bally's make sure you get to stay in the newer building.And, if it's your first time to Vegas, you can count on at least getting a good picture on their moving sidewalk/people-mover complete with neon lights that faces Las Vegas Boulevard.
4	always gotta hit up the Indigo lounge every time we are in vegas
3	Not the nicest or newest hotel on the strip, but its centrally located, the prices are always incredibly hard to beat, and the staff is always helpful and friendly.  I would stay here anytime!
3	Didn't stay here but all I can say is I absolutely love that gigantic slot machine with the lever. I'm so coming back just to do it again! Fun stuff.
4	This hotel is old, yes. But honestly, you don't stay too long in your hotel rooms so who cares? I won $40 in the casino at the fireball slot machine in the penny slots section off of $5! As soon as i pushed 40 credits, i won! not too shabby. The rooms and bathrooms are very outdated. They could use some help on that one but for the price you pay, and the location, you can't go wrong. As far as inexpensive fare goes, there's a sbarro, nathans, japanese restaurant, a candy store, and a few souvenirs shops which exceeded my expectations. They also have a steak house and a really good thai restaurant (which i loved, please read more of my reviews). I enjoyed my stay and would come back. You seriously can't beat the location. If you don't like it, leave the room and explore the Vegas strip, you're right smack in the middle of it all!
3	We got some super good deal online for 3 nights!  The location is great, because it's right in the middle of the strip!  So super close to all the clubs and you don't have to pay as much for taxi!  I paid about $8/day, sharing the room with 4 other girls!  Pretty decent rooms!  A lot of mirrors!! which comes in really handy for girls when you're getting ready for the night!  We were in the north tower, which is the more newly remodeled side, but farther away from the strip...Also, indoor access to Paris.Downsides Bally's does not have a decent food court!  It is like a pizza place and then a hotdog place... and then there is NO free wifi, which sucks!
3	Stayed for a weekend with friends with the awkwardest check in ever.We checked in, went to our room and almost opened the door when..the previous hotel stayers walked out.A few things to note:1) this was at like 5pm..I thought check in was alot earlier than that?2) They put us in a room where it wasn't recently cleaned (okay, with hotels..cleanliness is always an issue..but really?)?3) If we didn't see the previous hotel stayers just wake out of our room..we could have just walked in and stayed in a room not changed out at all.4) They said "Don't go in that room, it's pretty nasty in there"2 stars down.So of course, we ask for another room. We get an upgraded room for the same price we paid for the old room aka nicer accessories, same amount of space. I mean, after that our stay was fine, no trouble, yeah. Like overall, a cheap stay at a place with a fine location. While one of the older hotels, worth the location it's in on the strip.But still...that was just so weird.
3	As a casino, it's a nice place to visit.... but it didn't interest us enough to stay very long.
5	First trip to vegas and paid for 2 nights at the north tower deluxe. Room was big and restroom was just as roomy! Clean and worth the price! I love the fact that they had white sheets/beddings because nothing bugs me more than dark flowery covers (can't see stains or creatures!). Room service was great. Trip from self-parking however...is quite the walk. Very quiet atmosphere(in room) and staff was friendly. I read someone saying there are coffee makers....no there wasn't any in our room. Internet and cable came with a fee. No fridge. However down the hall by the lounge/ vending machines, there is an ice machine which was very convenient since we did bring a cooler.
1	my initial reservation was to stay at Bally's Las Vegas. Upon arrival i quickly discovered that Bally's is a dump. The smell much like a convalescent home and concentrated cleaning products filled the hotel hallway. There were stains in the carpet for what seemed to be every 5-7 feet. When i finally entered the room the first thing i noticed was the big white stain on the carpet that could have easily been anything you can imagine that would disturb and make you instantly nauseous. The TV, furniture and decor were all beyond dated reminiscent  of an episode of the Brady Bunch where Alice may have been on vacation for a long stretch of time. The 1 highlight  i will admit was the spectacular view of the neighboring Paris hotel and the fountains at Bellagio, however this grand view was overshadowed but the disgusting grease smudges on the window. Needless to say....I wasnt going to stay here. After 2 plus hours hotels.com was persuaded to issue a credit which was applied to a night's stay at the beautiful Trump International. There was a price difference but that was no issue. The Trump offers a magnificent accomodation with  flat screen TV beautiful spa tub kitchen 2nd bathroom (offered in suites) and full kitchen. needless to say the Trump is the way to go. Thank you hotels.com for making the slow switch from slum to paradise even possible.
3	Only stayed here for a few hours.  Seriously.  We decided to go to Vegas a night earlier than planned and got there around midnight.  Rooms were big, clean, and great for the price we paid.  There's a monorail stop right outside and we got free shots from the tequila bar downstairs.  We slept well in the comfy beds and would stay again if we needed somewhere cheap and convenient.
3	Probably the best of the dirt-cheap options in Vegas and great location right in the middle of the strip.
3	What can you expect when you pay very little for a room?  Well, you get mismatched furniture that looks like it came from Threes Company.  Questionable stains in the carpet in the hallways.  A shower head that was purchased from Harbor Freight in the 70s.  And half a roll of Toilet Paper.Yet, despite all the shortcoming of the room.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The casino floor had what you needed.  Played $5 craps and roulette to kill some time which is always fun.  And...a great location to see the Strip.
1	As a first time visitor at this hotel, I didn't care much about it because the walls are paper thin and you can hear the noise from inside your hotel room which isn't good. andd they charge wayyyy too much for wifi. on the plus side the rooms are nice. the tv channels suck. just a bunch of chinese/japanese channels and a bunch of vegas info channels. i would not recommend.
5	Been to Vegas quite a few times now and safe to say, I've found my inexpensive (relatively) hotel in the middle of the Strip. From the outside, it looks dated and compared to all the shiny new hotels on the strip, it doesn't look appealing at all. But, I was surprised how large the room I stayed in was and how well the bathroom looked. The room I stayed in had two queen beds and the usual tv cabinet, desk and plush love seat. The bathroom had wall-to-wall granite, under-mount sink and an elongated toilet - all very well done. Only thing staying here is that isn't much a view of the Strip but I don't really mind since I'd rather be on the Strip then looking over it. Bally's is connected to Paris by a tunnel from the casino floor. This is great, if you are like me who thinks a change of scenery will magically bring good luck!The best part of staying at Bally's is the fact that walking out you are greeted by the Fountains of Ballagio. It is also a short walk to City Center, the newest hotels (as of this writing) on the Strip to the south. It is also a short walk to The Venetian and Caesars Palace to the north. If you don't really care that it looks a bit dated, but want to be close to all the action of the Strip and a relatively short stumble back from a great night out, I think Bally's a great choice!
4	Not sure what rooms some of these other reviewers had, but I stayed on the 6th floor of the North Tower and was happy.  The large hallways showed a little age, but what you would expect for this price level.  My room was clean, large granite bathroom was clean, had loads of towels, and the room was a roomy 400 square feet (approx).  Free television.  The nightly entertainment in the nightclub lounge was very good all nights I stayed, and there was always a dance party going.  Really good house cabernet wine.Stayed in the North Tower more than once and I was equally happy each time.  Ballys is in a better location, and has larger, cleaner rooms for the standard 2 beds, than many of its price equivalent competitors.
3	I enjoy gambling on the Ballys floor because it's very big, have a lot of variety of table games and slots, and is a lot easier to breathe in there. I've also stayed there once, and the room was so basic that it reminded me of Imperial Palace. Eep! All in all, Ballys has a lot of other cool amenities that make it a definite stop on any Vegas trip:-EveningCall frozen daquiri bar at the end of the casino-Central location-Low table limits-Shuttle to Rio (which sometimes takes forever)-Bar    -Oh, this bar is the best!!! $3 for a 20oz draft beer. And if you're playing at one of the video poker machines at the bar, your beer is absolutely free! What a great deal!
4	It was year 2003 in vegas with a couple friends stayed at this hotel.  They ended up giving us the celebrity suite for the whole time and it was awesome. We paid the normal price of a regular room, hotel treated us very well.  There was really nothing to complain about except the fact I didn't get the chance to  use our own gym in our suite.  The place outside does look outdated but our whole entire suite was clean and modern. Shower was all glass, granite bathroom, jacuzzi bathtub was huge. Bed was comfortable. That was important.
4	Overall, I had a very pleasant stay at Bally's despite the fact that I had heard mixed things about their hotel when I booked my reservation. My room was large, clean, and aesthetically attractive with a comfortable bed. There isn't too much to do inside Bally's besides walking through their casino which was fine for myself because I mostly wanted to be out of the hotel and on the strip anyway. Their casino floor is somewhat cramped and loud, but it's also a kind of benefit because it doesn't take very long to walk through the building. Lastly, the location is a definite advantage because it's essentially in the middle of the strip and the walk to most of the other hotels and casinos doesn't take too long.
3	Bally's reminds me a little more of old school Vegas now that it is getting "older" compared to the newer, more glamorous hotels on the strip.  Great value for the rooms, and you really don't spend much time in your room anyway.  Wish they would update the rooms though.
3	"No Flash, No Thrills, I call that a pound cake dunk."  Ok so I stole this line from NBA 2K (a video game)  but it describes Bally's to me, nothing stands out but it's a solid option. It's a decent value hotel and you can splurge on other parts of your Vegas trip.The rooms were surprising. The standard 2 bed room look was nothing new, but there was a lot more space than comparable rooms at the other hotels. It has a nice location on the strip and it has easy access to Paris hotel.The casino isn't that great. The tables don't look very new and the lighting in the main room is very bright. The electronic boards here for roulette and other games don't always work. It's a problem at every casino but it seems to happen here more. They do have lower limits though so that is a plus, but there aren't too many tables.However, when they have the party pit , it's very fun, especially when you get the right crowd at the tables. It's definitely a good time I've spoken with the front desk just once or twice but they were very courteous. I'm not a fan of the moving walkway. It's nice to be able to just relax and not walk but I'd rather just have the entrance closer. Though, they can't do much about this now.It's not my first choice, or my second, but it's not a bad option.
3	Stayed here a few times - the rooms are nothing special but they are clean and comfortable. The casino offers any of the games you will find at the other casinos with decent minimums. Nothing flashly about Bally's but it gets the job done. There's a nice sportsbooks and a food court in the basement for those of you who don't want to splurge at the pricey restaurants (however it's definitely not your regular normal food court prices). The clientele is probably your average middle-aged folks or your businessmen/convention goers (there's always been a convention going on here when iIve been here).
3	After staying at Aria on my last couple of Vegas trips, I ended up at Bally's this time around since the majority of my friends were planning on staying here.  Considering the really cheap rates we were able to get, how could we not?  The more we saved on hotel/airfare ($35 one way on Virgin!), the more we could spend on alcohol, food, and gambling!Bally's is a true "no frills, get what you pay for" type of establishment.  You get what you need at a decent rate, but that's about it.  For me, their shortcomings trace back to the fact that the place is just old.  The front desk area looks recently renovated, but the air stinks of smoke and the casino just looks dated.  The rooms in particular show their age - newer blankets on the bed (surprising since I expected that ugly, floral design), but the carpet, drapes, chairs, TV, shower doors, and furniture?  Straight out of the 80's.  As ugly as the room looked though, at least it wasn't an actual problem like how the shower head was.  I don't know if it was the water pressure or if the fixture was just that old, but it was really annoying how it would just spit out water rather than sustain a steady flow.That being said, Bally's does offer a few major benefits.  For the rate we paid, the room we ended up with was really spacious, and significantly larger than the one my friend paid for at Paris during our last trip.  They also have a late night eatery that serves up burgers and Mexican food, which comes in handy after a late night of gambling, drinking, and/or clubbing (or all of the above).  Most importantly though, the location is prime - around the middle of the strip and directly across from the Bellagio, with a direct, indoor connection between the Bally's casino and the one at Paris next door.  Pretty convenient.Relative to similarly priced hotels on the strip, Bally's is a decent option for anyone on a budget (college kids in particular, as you can cram a lot of people into that room).  However, keep in mind that the room and casino is just two stars, but the convenience certainly adds some value.  Personally though, I'd lean towards staying somewhere a little nicer despite the difference in price since you can usually find pretty good deals online.  However, I'm sure that has nothing to do with their blackjack tables taking some of my overall winnings from the weekend.  Well...pretty sure.
4	You get what you pay for.Stayed here 3 nights (Fri.-Sun.).  Rates were under $90 per night.  Stayed in the South Tower.  Rooms are large and outdated.  Yes, the carpet could use some work and the wallpaper was peeling  a little in the bathroom but the room was clean.  Bed was comfortable and we had a very nice view of the fountains and the south strip.  Really, like other have said, the single best thing about Bally's is the location for the price.The casino is nice enough, dealers were friendly.  Not a whole lot of food choices but what is there was reasonably priced as well.For the price we would stay here again.
3	Our south tower room had great view of the Strip and casino isn't so large that you get lost. Room was a bit tired and there are newer, cheaper options. Not bad.
4	We received a coupon in the mail for two free nights at Bally's because we were Total Rewards card members. We took advantage of this deal and it paid off ten fold. When we checked in, they upgraded us to a suite. The suite was HUGE! It had an amazing view of the south end of the strip. The bed was comfortable. The shower was clean. The decor was a little 80's but who cares? You hardly spend any time in the room anyways. I wish we could've stayed longer! Bally's is the perfect location on the strip because it is right in the middle of everything. It's connected to Paris and between the two casinos, they have everything you could ever need. I will certainly be staying there again (especially if we get a free coupon).
2	I was in Vegas for a conference held at Bally's.  At first glance, my room seemed really nice.  I had a king bed and an adorable blue velvet settee and matching ottoman.  We've all heard the rumor that casino's pump in oxygen to keep people awake and at the tables, but Bally's further incentifies you to stay awake by having really uncomfortable beds.  There is no fitted bottom sheet, so after stumbling into bed after a late night, you may find that you've peeled back one too many layers and are face to face with bare mattress.  Yuck.  Waking up in a tangled mess of top and bottom sheets is not a good way to start the day.  The mattress was cheap and uncomfortable, and I noticed small tears and stains on the sheets.  I had a nice window and balcony, but the sliding glass door was bolted shut.  Probably a good idea, but it sure would have been nice to have some fresh air.  The curtains were also stained with what looked like but I hope wasn't smeared blood.  I did have a small refrigerator in the room with a large dent in the middle.  It woke me up several times throughout the night with strange loud noises.  The upside was the staff I encountered were all very nice and helpful. Also, it is well located on the strip. I've stayed at some pretty raunch hotels in the past, and this definitely wasn't worst, but I was certainly looking forward to my last night.
4	just stayed at bally's for my first time after purchasing a hotel/airfare with free show tickets package from vegas.com. after reading some of the reviews here i was concerned we wouldnt like it but i have to say we really liked it there. its no Venetian but its better than the Imperial Palace or Excalibur for sure. they treated us great all the services we recieved at the hotel from bell desk to housekeeping to gaming was good. they even upgraded us to the Grand Suite which is XXL in size and has a jucuzzi tub for free for valentines day. the floor our room was on ( the diamond floor) and room we stayed in was modern updated and very nice. so perhaps some of the reviews here discussing 80's style etc, is for a standard room/floor..i'm not sure. and the location on the strip is perfect!  if your use to staying at the Imperial palace or excalibur, harrahs ..places of that quality that then this is a great step up without breaking the bank :)
5	This was my first hotel ever in Vegas. Conveniently located in the middle of the strip, so easy access to the shenanigans. When we checked in for spring break they ran out of the rooms we had reserved so they upgraded us to a 2 floor suite which was hella bad ass. Not only did we have an entire bedroom on the 2nd floor, but the downstairs had a full on living room with mini kitchen and an extra bathroom. Unfortunately, we had to move to another room 2 nights later, but it was bitchin while it lasted. Overall, pretty legit hotel that accomodates when they mess up.
4	I'm definitely a fan! The location is great, right on the strip the rooms are relatively inexpensive. We got upgraded upon checking in to a luxury room for just $20! Blu Pool was fun & Paris is connected to it. Its a little older but I recommend it
2	The upgraded room was 'upgraded' but still behind in the times.  Tv is still a tube.  There was some peeling of wallpaper in our room.  I'm not sure how it was before it was remodeled... I don't really want to know.  One pillow had a stain and they were all really flat and non-supportive.  For a non-smoking floor, it still smelled like smoke.    This casino smells like smoke so it was probably stuck on people going back to their rooms.  Only gave them another star because of their rates and deal.  I did this with the travelzoo deal and both of them failed to mention that taxes were not included, which we were surprised with at check-in.  Oh yeah, their check-in line is long.  This is a popular place to go but I would think they would just hire more people to get people in and out?  Their people mover was broken and taped off once at their front area one night so we had to walk around to get in.It is central in the strip and cheap.  That's it.  I'd get a deal somewhere else.
4	Ok, so here's Bally's.  Friend Daren C's review of this one is spot on, but I'll throw in another two cents worth.This hotel/casino is modern, clean, the staff is friendly & everything is as it should be for a fun stay.  It's more or less in the middle of the Strip & attached to the awesome Paris Casino with it's excellent Le Village Buffet (Yeah!).  The deluxe rooms of the North Tower are large, nicely furnished, & everything is as it should be except minus one Star for the beds being a little firm for my taste (I'm spoiled with a butter-soft memory foam mattress at home), & also as Daren pointed out, there's no in-room fridge.  We DID have a nice big flat screen TV with lots of channels, 2 desks, a coffee maker, excellent temperature control, & a great view of the from our room up near the top of the building, plus complete peace and quiet.     :-)The price varies depending on your playing record & so on, but right now for a 2-night weekday visit expect to pay about $140/night.  The South Tower is cheaper but also less wonderful, so I recommend staying up here, & have a great time on your trip to Vegas!     :-))
1	I stayed there this week for a conference. I do not recommend this place. It's only a few dollars cheaper than some of the other resorts, and this place wasn't good. A few highlights:- The room phones had a loud buzzing on them. It made it difficult to use the concierge / order room service.- The concierge didn't know there was a ski shuttle in town (I found a $20 shuttle to Mt. Charleston online. The concierge said there's no shuttle and I should take a $200 cab ride!)- The bed is hard as a rock, and the pillows were too gushy. Imagine sleeping on plywood with a folded up towel for a pillow.- The "updated" room featured a large brown stain on the ceiling.When the conference ended Friday, I called the bellhop to get my bags. I stayed the rest of the weekend at Encore.Oh yeah, it took two calls and two hours for the bellhop to get to the room.With so many choices in Las Vegas, this hotel shouldn't be one of them.
3	Room: Clean and spacious. Nothing grand or luxurious but when you're only paying $40 a night, you can't complain. Towels and toiletries were a aplenty.Room Service: A bit pricier than what I remember, but hey, drag your lazy behind out to the mini-strip mall they have or to strip if you want to pay less.Casino: They have a good amount of games but I feel that the clientele at this establishment tend to be a bit more geriatric; definitely not a place to mack on the lay-days.Location:  Location is good, it's surrounded by tons of good eateries and other hotels (paris is connected) and it has a free shuttle to the Rio that runs every half-hour.Overall: If you're just going to be here for a weekend or you're hardly going to be in your room, this is the place for you.Bally's rates are also ridiculously cheap for being a hotel in the middle of the strip so you can't really lose here (unless you're looking for luxury).Recommended for: People on a budget, College kids or Older folk.
3	Is this the worst hotel ever?No, definitely not. Is it the best? Well, maybe. If you're from Shawnee, Oklahoma and are a chain smoking alcoholic 78 year-old, you will probably find nirvana within the confines of this place. We stayed here for part of our trip because we pretty much stayed for free during March Madness, a very busy time in Vegas. The good:1. location - it's dead center of the strip. If you like to casino hop, this is great for you. I've been to Vegas many times and always rent a car. I rarely, if ever, walk to other casinos nearby. But just in case you do...you're in luck. 2. There are hot bitches everywhere. Like 88 year-old hot bitches with a cig strapped on their acrylic nails. 3. The rooms are very, very quiet and this is coming from a noise sensitive person. 4. The housekeeping staff was extremely nice and very efficient. the bad:1. smoke. everywhere. Our floor was non-smoking, yet it always smelled like a chimney. 2. Tube televisions. Even my broke ass has had a flat screen for five years. A billion dollar corporation can't upgrade? 3. no restaurants at which I would dine within the hotel. yuk. 4. While the room was clean and bathroom was surprisingly nice, the entire hotel just felt dated and dirty. If I were the owners, I'd tear it down. It so reminds me of the dumps where I stayed in Daytona Beach at spring break in 1992. 5. The crowd/scene just wasn't my thing. I don't know how to phrase it nicely, so I won't. My traveling companion and I had a good time despite the poor quality of the hotel, however I would not stay here again, even for free.
4	Me and my friends decided to stay at ballys because of their great prices. The room were so much better then I expected. We got an upgrade with our little trick;]. Our room was clean and spacious. We were smack right in the middle of everything. Overall great hotel
3	Bally's is what it is. It's an OK hotel in a GREAT location on the strip. The rooms in the North tower are nice, but not spectacular. Staff is very friendly and the casino is clean and easy to navigate. The Sports Book is oddly placed downstairs and difficult to find, but it's nice once you get there. They've added a lot of life to the casino recently with the scantily clad dancers in seemingly every pit ... scenery was tremendous. If you need a decent place to stay in a great location (mid-strip), Bally's is your place. If you want a place to brag to your friends about, you're probably going to look elsewhere.
4	Over all the casino, decor and experience deserves like 3.5 stars but I gave 4 because they put us in a huge suite for what seemed like no reason whatsoever. This room had a huge master bedroom with an attached master bathroom with a jacuzzi tub in the floor and 1 separate room for the toilet and 1 separate room for the bidet. It also had a full bar and 2 huge lounging areas. Overall a very good experience.
5	I stayed there on 3/20 thru 3/22 & was very impressed. I get compd roms so since I hadn't stayed here in a long time I decided on ballys. The room (I got upgraded at no cost to the north tower) was huge & had a side view of the strip, next to bills gambling hall. The bed was oh so comfortable, the bathroom & shower were nice. The water in the shower was strong (great after a long night) & felt great. It had a seperate dressing area also. Its not fancy like a bellagio or wynn, but even 4 those of u that pay 4 ur hotel room I definitely recommend ballys.  the room didn't have a flatscreen, but really who gives a sh&^ u can still watch tv. Besides ur in vegas, why would u be in ur room watching tv?  I don't agree with some ppl's postings of the beds being uncomfortable, I loved it & the pillows were great. I slept very soundly.  Its a short walk to the paris hotel & they have cute shops in their walkway over. They also have an awesome pizza place rt across frm the village buffet in paris. Its only $10 & u get 2 huge slices (artichoke & margherite were awesome) & a drink. Their staff is friendly too. I was greeted with a huge smile by april at the front desk. She was so sweet & offered some good info, even for a vegas pro like me. All in all I think this is my favorite place now to stay in vegas. Harrahs also has nice rooms by the way. Flamingo's is pretty small & the room I once stayed in (about 3 yrs ago) was pretty old. On a last note, because I was next to a noisy street, I did hear it but even that doesn't sway me frm giving it 5 stars ;-)
5	Bally's is the place I've stayed at during my last couple of Vegas trips. I will admit that I can be a degenerate gambler at times and lose more than I care to mention so I have always stayed comped here. This is a nice, no frills hotel. Mostly people stay here because it is one of the cheaper options when it comes to casinos on the Strip. I find it laughable however when people openly state they come here because it's the cheapest place available but then complain that the amenities aren't on par when compared to Aria or Bellagio. This is a friendly reminder that you get what you pay for. The entrance here is a little tricky because you enter from the Strip and everyone knows that pedestrians here aren't considerate to cars. However, once you valet, the check in desk is an easy walk from the entrance. The line can look long sometimes but the wait is really short since both times I've been here the desk clerks have been really efficient.The one good tip I can give here is to slip a $20 bill between your credit card and ID and ask about any available upgrades. Both times I went from a standard room in the south tower (older tower) to the north tower (refurbished tower) in whatever suite they have available. This trip our upgraded room was a junior suite.The casino floor here is on the smaller side. Not as small as Imperial Palace but not set up in a maze like Caesar's Palace is. If you want a bigger casino, Bally's in connected via inside walkway to Paris. However, since the hotel is basically in the center to the strip, you won't have too far of a walk to any other casino you wish to go to.If you aren't a fan of walking, there is a monorail station in the back of the casino. You have to go down the escalator and make the hike there. It's right next to the pool entrance. There is a 24 hour Sbarro downstairs and a tequila bar in the casino that stays open late. I don't know much about other food options because those are the only two I've tried.
5	Wow so unexpected! I never knew this hotel can be so bomdiggity! I didn't want to book this hotel be sue it is old but because im so happy I did. Three days and two nights for $130 total.. Split among ten girls..$13 person. I was afraid that the room might be small, but it wasnt... 450 square feet of awesomeness.I got a deluxe room with two queen size beds (non smoking). We got a view of flamingo and a bit of mirage and caesars palace. We fitted ten girls in this room with extra spaces for clothes, purses, shoes, and bags.  So there you have it.. It's very spacious. Pros: SpaciousComes with a bar area and fridgeRestroom is nice and big: I like this type of restroom because it is split into two rooms. One is for vanity and the other one is for showering and doing number one and two. Mirrors: mostly good for girls cuz we all need to get ready for clubbing and we can all have own areaPriceAsk for as many blankets, shampoos, lotions, conditioners, soap and pillows without the people getting annoyedCons:Cheap toilet papers make my ass hurts a bit. I'm used to charmin double quiltedNo free toothbrush ( my friend wants me to say that cuz she forgot hersCasino: quite small, but seems like a lot of people are having fun. All I'm looking for is the craps and pai gow table and also craps machine but I don't see it.I feel like I'm at Disneyland going through that horizontal escalator. Kinda cool... If you run on that escalator, you'll feel like a cheetah.Location is awesome. Smack dab in the middle between marquee and xs. And of course diagonally across the street from serendipity 3!!
4	Clean room and nice staff.
4	Convenient location...definitely considered "low tier" compared to the big shot hotels all around it like Caesars Palace, Aria, etc...However, for the price, it's at a good location and the rooms are surprisingly quite nice! Towels are plentiful, beds are nice and comfy, nice coloring/environment, and rooms are much bigger than I though! I honestly don't remember much of what is in the hotel aside from the rooms; I spent most of my time exploring the hotels around. Still, overall a great and cheap-ish place to stay (compared to other hotels), while still being able to be on the strip and able to walk pretty much everywhere you need to go (ex: Miracle Mile shop, Fat Tuesdays, Marquee...)
4	So the interior is not the prettiest.. but I've become quite the fan of this hotel. Great location right in the middle of the strip and it's connected to the Paris hotel! It's also a lot cheaper than most hotels with spacious rooms. There's also this little coffee kiosk right by the hotel lobby where you can do espressoooo shots shots shots shots shots shots...everybody.. shots shots shots (get it like the song?). Anyhow they're perfect right in the morning or before heading out for a late night of clubbing. This is the perfect hotel if you aren't looking for any frills and hey it's vegas you aren't supposed to sleep anyways!
3	This place was fine.Paid for a Deluxe Room in advance and the front desk initially appeared bothered; I had to prove with my print out that I did in fact book this room, odd!  After which her demeanor changed completely.. hmm.  When we arrived at our room, it appeared we were upgraded to a Suite, which I'm still not sure if it was a mistake or not.  It was not as newly renovated as the Deluxe Room in the North Tower (which is why I booked it), however we did not complain because it had a jacuzzi inside, always fun.  Now my complaints for you for you..Our room seemed very dated, old and not clean.  The only thing that seemed clean was the bed, they changed the sheets.  But it was very obvious that no one had vacuumed, swept the bathroom floor, or wiped the mirrors or the jacuzzi.. ewww!!  I did not let my bare feet touch the ground.  Also, the shower pressure was uncomfortably hard and did not get very warm.. so much for a Suite!  Also, this Non Smoking room smelled and we were getting smoke through our vents during the night :(   Last, the parking is shared with Paris and is actually attached to their hotel, so it's a bit of a walk with your luggage.All this said, it's not so bad for the strip.  It's central, affordable, and less disgusting than other hotels can be here.  Checking in and out was not long.  Customer service was fine.  And we did not deal with the kind of douche bags that Vegas attracts.. My opinion is that overall it's not bad (for the price+location), a glorified motel experience.ps I slept great on their bed, very comfy!
4	Easter weekend we enjoyed a 4day 3night stay at this joint. The first night we checked in late and they only had a king bed for two guys,mmmmm yeah problem. They assured me they would fix the problem the next night and keep me in an upgraded room/  My fault i didnt call and let them know this would be a late check in. No biggy they were quick to offer a  roll away bed, problem solved. Until my buddies who were suppose to stay at another hotel had issues with the hotel were the hotel ended up canceling there room and still wanted to charge them. Anyways the guys ended up bunking with me one had the cot , one had the couch , and yes I had to share the bed with another guy, but shhhh dont tell anyone.The second day they kept to there word. I was asked to check out by 5 pm so I could be put into my new room. I didnt the room change with no problems.They rest of the weekend when on fine without any issues, only the ones the alcohol caused. All in all I can see myself staying there the next time Im in town.
5	Great hotel!!! Stayed in North Tower and room was all that and more!! Clean big and just great!!! Won't ever stay anywhere else!
4	Hotel: $20 tip trick for an upgrade from a room in the south tower to a junior suite in the North tower for the WIN! Sounds like a big deal, it's not. It makes me wonder what the original room looked like. Our room was spacious and clean with a nice view but definitely worn. Not too shabby, just a place to shower and sleep nothing more. The 4 stars are for the overall customer service & location. We could easily get anywhere we needed to be from here by walking.Casino: I'd stay away from the casino (especially the slots) I wasn't at all lucky here.
1	I HATE THIS PLACE.  Seriously, its run down and everytime I see it Im amazed it hasnt been torn down.  Id rather not go to Vegas then to stay here.Run for the hills if someone suggests you stay here.
3	good location, mediocre service, nice casino, unimpressive rooms.tried the $20 tip trick and it was still unimpressive...won't be staying here again.
2	Having not stay here just passing through and checking the place out; going to the strip and heading to Sugar Factory.  I had to encounter a couple employees of this place and they employ the rudest and nasty attitude people ever.  So as an avid Vegas visitor I will not be staying here if this is any indicator on how they treat people.
5	Love Ballys! The value way exceeds the price. Everything was great! Where to start...first the music in the lounge is fantastic with Resa singing a Whitney Houston song so beautifully. Great dancing and music choices. I love that they have a coffee bar open 24 hours. Housekeeping does not miss a beat which is rare in most hotels. The hotel is easy very user friendly. Bartenders nice and good breakfast in the cafe. For a middle nite snack loved the Tequlia bar for 2 dollar tacos. Friendly manager and nice bartenders. My only comparison is Bellagio where I did not have a good experience. I sent back my omelet because it was cold and the waiter asked me if i wanted it microwaved. I thought I was on candid camera but sadly I was not. Imagine a nuked omelet in a 5 star hotel. But the management was quick to respond and very professional. I think Ballys is the best kept secret. Plan to go back many more times.
5	Had a blast! Staff and hotel is wonderful! I have been to Vegas several times and this was my favorite hotel so far! Central and connected to Paris hotel.
4	If you're looking for a place to sleep in the middle/south end of the strip, Bally's is good option. As 20somethings, we've stayed here twice, and it's completely fine. You have to understand that you are staying at Bally's. "Stay Classic", not "Staying at the Bellagio". You're going to get standard services, stand in lines for check in, and get a decent looking and sized room. What do you expect for $40/night? It definitely fit our needs at the time.Rooms and bathrooms were clean. Beds weren't anything to write home about but they weren't rocks. Plenty of pillows. Somewhat confusing hallways.You're right across the street from the Bellagio and a short walk away from some of my favorite stops along the strip. Use your legs...walk a little and sleep at Bally's!
5	No complaint of this hotel! The room me and my God-Family got was a king sized bed, and a couch. The space was huge! We bought a twin sized blow up bed, and I swear, like 5 more can fit in that room. I thought it couldn't get any better! .. and it didn't. The bathroom was so small. :[ LOL. Love how its at the strip! LOVE the location!
3	It was OK, as Vegas hotels go, but it needs some work.The room was a nice size.  The bathroom had nice lighting and a really good make-up mirror, which is rare in Las Vegas.  It wasn't too noisy, which again is a rarity.  But the air conditioning was terrible and the bed was rock-hard, so it was really hard to sleep. The shower didn't hold the water temperature and varied from warm to hot frequently  The restaurant selection is poor, particularly for breakfast.  The casino reeks of tobacco smoke which wafts into the elevators as soon as they reach the main floor.It may have been a luxury hotel in its time, but it hasn't aged well.
3	Okay location is still nice and rooms are still good...in the NORTH TOWER. Apparently those are all the newer rooms, so they are well maintained and in fairly good shape. I got an upgrade to a suite in the SOUTH tower and it was jaw dropping at first...Giant bathroom, tons of space, giant comfy bed. However, outlets were few (I had to charge my phone in the bathroom) and half of our lights weren't working (they didn't even have light bulbs!)The tub was leaking and one of the doors was locked (I think it was a second toilet). Also, the lights in the bathroom were really iffy as one kept flickering on and off...Oh, and speaking of toilets, there is absolutely no vent in that small room so don't be making a doo doo or drink too much or you (and your hotel-mates) will regret it!Bally's is still good and I will still book rooms from there, but I'll probably try to request North tower rooms from now on...
4	I came to Bally's this past week with a large group of people. It served us well with a decent clean room. Our tastes were varied and we managed to eat in two of the restaurants in the hotel. I loved the Tequila Bar's food prices. The cup of chilli was actually to big as it was served in a bowl. I felt that I wasted perfectly good food. It was delicious. I did not want that amount. The only issue was the bar across the way had loud music. When I want a conversation with someone, I want to hear them well. I went to the Sidewalk Cafe twice. Once for a late lunch. Once you are inside you enjoy the quiet atmosphere. The buffet is small but well worth it. I do not eat pasta so I chose a breakfast plate with fresh fruit and muffins. I brought four muffins to my room to share. The morning breakfast buffet was decent with a lot of the usual items. I was in the North Tower where the attention to detail of the housekeeping department was outstanding. There is smoking in the casino and as a non-smoker I notice it. We had a great luncheon served quickly and courteously. The rooms for the conference had cold water available. I loved that option.It was easy to get around. Valet was excellent and very helpful.I totally enjoyed my days at Bally's.
5	I love Ballys.  It's not the newest hotel on the block - but the rooms are always clean, we usually get a deal thru Total Rewards (players card) and it is an optimal central location on the Strip.  The last time my husband and I were here, we were upgraded to a sweet suite.  Also-they usually have new/fun slot machines (with the best bonus spins) and hands down, warmest bartenders in Vegas.  We always-always visit Steve at the bar and its like visiting an old friend.  I will continue to book at Ballys as long as those deals keep coming my way.
5	In my opinion, Bally's is one of those hotels that a lot of people under estimate. Sure it's not one of those high end hotels that you see on the strip. But believe me, you will be quite surprised by the convenience Bally's serves for their customers. What I like about this hotel is three things: 1) Location, Location, Location!! It is right dead center of a lot of popular hotels that people go to, such as Bellagio (as well as the fountains), Paris, Planet Hollywood, Caesar's Palace, and even Cosmopolitan. You don't need a car to go to different hotels, just walk. 2) Cheap and DecentI used a promo (aka discount) and end up splitting the cost with the people who stayed with me. It was actually not that bad. And on top of that, I booked the classic room (located in the south tower), and it was actually SPACIOUS!! The bathroom had a lot of space and as well as the bedrooms. As for the view...I was LUCKY enough to see Caesar's Palace and part of the Bellagio Fountains. It was awesome. 3) Connected to the Paris HotelIf there are any places I want to see or dine for food, why not go to Paris Hotel? I was very lucky to try their famous restaurant Mon Ami Gabi and it was absolutely delicious. Plus, I managed to gamble in the casinos and be near Sugar Factory. Overall, the service was really good when checking in. They handle things really well. Although the room may need somewhat of an upgrade, you don't need to worry about it. After all, you will be our and about in Las Vegas partying and walking on the strip. :) At a cheap rate, I would definitely come back to this place and stay.
3	When you want to come to Vegas for a couple of days and stay at a relatively cheap hotel but still be on the strip, Bally's is a worthwhile option. We had some friends that decided to do a Vegas wedding at Caesars. It took place during the memorial day weekend and the prices were jacked really high. We didn't feel like paying them and thought that staying nearby for a third of the price would be sufficient. Bally's offers easy access to Caesars by one the over-the-street bridges. It also has free shuttle service to the Rio and is a stop on the Vegas monorail if you don't feel like wearing down your feet. It's also connected to Paris, where you can up in the pseudo Eiffel tower.The casino itself is quite nice, with plenty of table games and a somewhat lively atmosphere. They also host the show "Jubilee"'. Where the women wear the feathers and put on a classic Vegas style show. They have a newly renovated spa and gym and cheap and quick restaurants for those on the go.Now let's talk about the accommodations. We got a room with two queen sized beds. It was huge, but very dated. I would venture to say that it would be a suite at most other hotels. It was very clean and had your basic amenities like an iron with board and toiletries. The tv was still a 25" tube, there were two seat-couches, a table and a dresser. The bathroom was a little bigger than normal and had a full sized mirror, which was a plus. I was a little disappointed at the lack of a coffee maker, but I could do without it.The room was less than luxurious, but that's what's to be expected when you decide to go cheap. And with all the money you saved, you'll have more to lose at the casinos.
1	Worst Vegas hotel experience EVER!!We decided to stay here for my friend's bachlorette. We had requested adjoined rooms. What we got, 2 rooms across from either, NOT adjoined. It took us 2 hours to fix the problem. The keys to the room SUCK. Any time it goes anywhere near your cell phone. It demagnetizes. I mean, COME ON! It's vegas, you bring your clutch, your phone your cash, your id. of course it's going to be near a phone! Each room must have gone through at least 8 keys. We've never had any problem with any of the other hotels.Room service: Seriously?! 10 dollars for freaking hot water?! And it takes about an hour to get it. What do they have to do go to a well to pick it up?! Not a fan. NEVER staying there again.
1	I am never EVER staying at Bally's again.I've stayed here once before and had a decent experience, but this last one (which happens to also be my bachelorette wkend) was definitely my last. CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS. I was looking for a hotel that had adjoining rooms in Vegas. I knew we were going to book about 4 rooms and I wanted all the girls to be together. I spoke with a couple of hotel reps and the ones who worked for Bally's said they had ALL adjoining rooms (meaning all connecting) - OK, let's go with Bally's then. They said they charge extra for adjoining rooms and I said fine. It's worth it. The charge was going to be $165 extra for 4 rooms, 3 nights. Cool, done. My OCD took over and a month before our trip. I decided to call in just to make sure the rooms were the way I wanted them to be. They said they were not completely adjoined, that they dont have rooms designed that way, but two sets would be adjoined. WHAT???? Why did I chose you over other nicer hotels then?!?!?!?!? I was FUMING ... but everything was already paid for so I accepted it and moved on.The day we get there, it was super busy (it was Memorial day wkend). We waited in line for half an hour and the lady took about 45 minutes to process our rooms because it was a "complicated" one. I asked her if the rooms were adjoining, meaning two sets connected and she said yes. Guess what? We go all the way up to our rooms and they ARE NOT adjoining. There were no doors to connect them!!!! OKAY, pretty angry at this point. We go all the way back downstairs and spoke with the same lady who helped us. What was her explanation? She said she ASSUMED the rooms were connected. Well, you know what happens when we assume right?  It took her something like two hours to try to figure this out, and in the end, I couldn't get the connected rooms because they were all full. Who's fault is that? I CALLED months ahead of time to ensure the room structure, I PAID months ahead of time to make sure things go as planned and this is what I get? By this time, our girls were hungry and we had plans at 5pm that night, so they were getting ready and doing their makeup in the hallway. How inconvenient is that??? The rooms we ended up getting were in the same hallway, they were not connected, not even right next to each other. They didnt end up charging me for the adjoining rooms (better!) and also gave us $50 for room service. Still didn't think that was enough. It's been two weeks since this happened and thinking back on it still makes me angry.
3	Stayed here as a guest of a VIP guest, who was comped a room. We got an upgraded room, which met all our needs. The room was clean, spacious and comfy.Very casual hotel. You don't get all the hoochies/douches dressed up walking around the hotel. You also get the old(er) crowd at this casino. The smoke is disgusting, but pretty much that's all hotels in Vegas. Bonus that this hotel is on the strip.
4	First time staying here.Friendly service, good rates, clean rooms with good lighting and mirrors.The bathtub was oversized as well (nothing fancy but wider then the norm so that was nice)Slept like a baby!
4	Stayed here for a week. Isn't the most gorgeous place on the strip, but it ain't the dirtiest.This place serves all the needs I have. clean room & bed sheets, working AC & friendly service. Casino is decent and the casino directly connects to Paris Hotel.If your on a budget with your wife/gf or just friends and want a nice decent clean room right across the Bellagio, this is your place.
4	First time staying here and had a really good time. We walked in and booked the hotel for that night as our previously booked hotel turned out to be... not great. Thank goodness Penny found us rooms to book for the weekend!! The room was really clean and we always found loungers at the pool. My only issue was that the hallway to get to the room was freeeeeeezing!!!Otherwise had a great time and would be happy to recommend to friends.
4	This is a pretty great location.  Located right in the middle of the Strip, next to Paris and near the In&Out.  The pool is pretty nice with a really large shallow end.  There is a nice food court down stairs with lots of choices.But there is a monorail station right out the front door and lots of shuttles to other casinos.
5	My husband and I went dancing at the club at Bally's.  It was AWESOME - we had so much fun.  its free to get in and you have a 2 drink minium which is fine. But the band and music was incredible.  If your looking to go have some fun you should stop and check this out.
3	Again not the best place on the strip but not the worst, by far. Ballys is a classic, one of the last remaining properties from the second wave of the Las Vegas Strip development. The rooms are a nice size, and clean. A tip, if you check in on Foursquare, you unlock two for one drinks at any casino bar (It unlocks every time you check in)! Now you have no excuse not to stop in and have a drink or three! Enjoy!
4	If you're doing Vegas on any kind of budget, you need to stay at Bally's and avoid everywhere else.  Your money will go further here than at any of the cheaper hotels.The North tower standard rooms are newer and among the roomiest on the strip for what you pay for.  The South tower rooms are older, and you might consider an upgrade.  It's generally worth it.  The layout of the casino floor is pretty intuitive and clean.  Bally's rests in the center of the strip with relatively easy access to the monorail.  They have a soft poker room (which is little more than a cordoned-off area of the pit), and some cheaper table games than you'll find elsewhere.  At night, they have a great cover band at the Indigo lounge.  Bally's also has an underground mall area with inexpensive fast-food type restaurants and shops.  Their sports book is also located down there, and although it feels like you're walking through a mall in 1986 with the reflective silver surface motif they have.There's plenty of parking in the lot that's shared with Bally's sister property Paris.  It can be a little tricky to find at first, but I've never had a problem parking there in my five or six visits.  Bally's is my home casino when I'm not travelling with the fiancee.There is no resort fee, but that also means no internet access.  If you really need it, they have a few kiosks, and you can buy time in five minute increments. I've never tried the pool, as I usually like to come off-season to avoid the famous Vegas heat (which is what kills you, not the humidity).  A budget-tier hotel is never going to get five stars from me.  But as far as your options are concerned, steer clear of the Luxors and Imperial Palaces of the world and stay in the heart of everything.
4	It may not have a cool theme, exquisite decor, or a bunch of fancy restaurants...but if you're ballin' on a budge, you cannot beat Bally's in Vegas.  Granted a couple of years ago, this was probably no man's land on the Strip, but since City Center opened up, Bally's is in a prime spot as it is connected to Paris and a quick walk to Cosmo.  Get a room in the North Tower as they have been refurbished and are nicer.  SEA Thai Experience downstairs is actually really good food, although pricey for what it is.  The tequila bar is open 24, great for stumbling in at 5 in the morning and getting $2 tacos!Oh, and the gambling is cheap! $5 minimums! YES! Drawbacks...Sportsbook is on the lower level, well hidden. So is the pool and spa.  And not too many hotties walking around...cause its cheap!Solid place though, and I would stay here again on the trips when I'm not looking to drop my savings on a room!
4	I have stayed here twice and have never had a problem. Check-in is always quick and easy, the rooms are clean and just good enough. They aren't flashy and there isn't a view, but you're located in the center of the strip with easy walking access to ANYWHERE. You can also board the monorail here to get to various stops along the strip. There is also an indoor walkway connecting you to the Paris resort and hotel. LADIES: The bathrooms at Bally's are spacious with HUGE full-length mirrors both inside the bathroom and on the closet doors. Love it! :)The pool was a great place to relax, with a good mixture of sunny and shady areas to lay in + a bar. I would definitely return. The atmosphere is relaxed and feels like home to me.
3	Just came back from a Sun-Tue stay and it was pretty decent!  Checked in around 3:00pm Sunday and the front desk lady Sooso was super patient getting all our family members' 6 rooms on the same floor with 4 of them adjoining. Rooms (North Tower Deluxe room) weren't fancy at all, but were very spacious.  The parking wasn't a crazy far walk from the room like some other LV hotels. The pool was a bit of a walk, but it was a good size for swimming laps.Conveniently connected to the Paris Hotel, so you can easitly walk to it without going outside.Only 2 minor complaint were:1) that even though we were on a non-smoking floor (8th), parts of the hallway smelled like someone was smoking2) the free hotel shuttle to the associated Rio Hotel only runs every 30 minutes and may not fit all those waiting in line, so you may end up waiting close to an hour in the summer heat [not worth it -- just drive!]
5	Last night we went to "Tony & Tina's Wedding" @ Bally's Casino. Man! I was totally blown away! We got there a little early and were seated with some other people. Some of the cast members came over and just started talking to us as if "we" were part of the "Wedding Party" Totally in Character, and never breaking until we left the show 2 1/2 hours later! I should have been cautious when I saw a "very pregnant bridesmaid" coming down the escalator as we approached the ballroom! There was so much stuff going on in this play you could not keep up! Everything funny that could happen in a wedding, "happened"! Cussing, fighting, audience members being pulled into dance routines, drunkenness, way off the wall jokes & physical contact ..... etc etc etc! Tacky tacky tacky. It was great! All this and dinner too! I just have to go back, just  to see what I missed!
3	Hot damn! They put me in a high roller suite! Free upgrade for the win!Last month I stayed here for the first time while on a business trip. Bally's is one of the older casino hotels in Vegas but has a prime location on the strip, is attached to the Paris, and also is a monorail stop location. Think of it as a no-frills hotel going in and you will be fine, as it does offer some of the most affordable room rates around.The casino floor and rooms are decent but showing it's age. Yeah, it can use a renovation and brought into the modern era. Overall clean, and the casino floor is laid out so it is easy to maneuver. A nice mix of old and new games. Low limits can be found on table games. You still get that feel of the old Las Vegas vibe here. More than enough spots to eat but nothing to rave about. Their Blu Pool is actually quite nice and a great spot to hang out at during the day. They have a terrific gym that is well stocked with free weights and machines. All the staff I came in contact with were fairly nice.The downstairs level houses the shopping area which has a nice little selection of stores, a terrific sports book, and a small food court. You also have to pass through here to get to the monorail. Feels like a mall out of the '80's.Now, I must have said the right thing to the front desk attendant as she hooked me up royally! I was joking around with her about getting the Presidential suite and she actually did put me in a high roller suite! Even funnier is that this was the kind of suite that you could imagine Sinatra and the Rat Pack hanging out in. It was old school cool. It was huge. Full bar, old style tv's and furniture, sunk-in Jacuzzi tub, large step up open bathroom and dual vanity area, floor to ceiling windows with an amazing view at night, and even a bidet! This room must have been the bomb back in the day. Well kept but a little worn round the edges from age and use. I could not believe I was staying here for about $40 a night. Crazy.As with most casinos you have to pay a daily fee for internet access which sucks. Also, it's close to In-N-Out Burger with a few minutes cab ride! Bally's might not have all the bells and whistles of the newer mega-casinos on the strip, but if you're crashing in Vegas on a budget it's a solid choice.
1	Writing about the poker table. The dealers here are rude and sometimes split the pot wrong. For example, it was heads-up and me and the other guy had ace king. When the pot was split, he got an extra $5 chip and I got a white $1 chip. When I corrected him, he said the next hand was dealt. Little ass.
4	Stayed at Ballys on July 2nd and although booking the South tower we were upgraded without even requesting it to The North Tower for just one night. It was a great, newly remodeled (and large) room with such a good view of the strip including the Bellagio Fountains...also the Late night lounge acts at the Indigo Lounge are always some of our favorite times spent in Vegas. We will defintly think about staying here again for an extended amount of time.
3	The best thing about Bally's is the rooms. Good size, comfortable bed and chairs, A/C works. The curtains close all the way if you like your room dark at night.The elevators are fast.Beyond that, leaves much to be desired. Bally's gives impression of being a class establishment, but it isn't. I thought it was a 4-star hotel, feels like 2.5 to 3 most of the time.Checkin is a total pain. They never have enough clerks working the desk. When I got there, at least 30 people in line and only 3 clerks. Later on I walked by, at least 60 people in line and maybe 5 clerks. Saw what had to be 100 people at one point and maybe 7 clerks. I've never seen such lousy coverage at any hotel. Wouldn't be so bad if they processed the checkin quickly, which they don't do.They charge you for EVERYTHING. I realize this is Vegas, but some of it was just plain stupid. Worst thing: had to pay $5 to print a boarding pass (after the machine charged me 6 times to print 1 page). I've stayed at motor inns that have a free boarding pass station.The casino smells like smoke. Yes, it does allow smoking, but the eaters need to be upgraded or the floors cleaned more often or something.If there was a bellhop or concierge in the lobby I couldn't find it. And the guest services station was never staffed.I know Vegas is in the desert, but charging $3.50 for a water is nuts.The conference I went to is moving to a different hotel next year, and I can see why.
1	I stayed at Bally's last week from July 11th through the 15th and it was a terrible experience. My boyfriend was there for a conference and I tagged along. We got upgraded when we checked in, which I thought was awesome, except it was not. The mattress was rock hard and I discovered upon waking the next morning that I had been bitten by something the night before on my right leg. Because we were staying on the actual strip in a nice casino I didn't think much of it. Throughout the rest of the stay I received more and more extremely itchy, painful bites up and down both legs and under my arm pits. It wasn't until I got back home and was able to access the Internet did I realize I had been attacked by BEDBUGS! I called Bally's to let them know that room 1624 had bedbugs and they were extremely dismissive and basically insinuated that I was making it up since I hadn't been to a doctor yet. I had to go to my doctor yesterday because the bedbug bites have become extremely infected. I have welts the size of tea saucers all over my legs. I am still waiting to here back from Bally's about the statement I left. On top of the bedbug issue I was double charged at the spa for a basic massage. When I called to inform the spa that they double charged me they claimed that I was mistaken and that they had only charged me once and that it was my credit card company's fault. I was sitting at my computer with my credit card statement open that clearly stated Bally's spa had charged me two separate prices for the massage. The receptionist kept rattling over random prices she claimed I paid (none of which were correct) and refused to let me speak to her manager. Just to be sure, I called my credit card company and they verified that the two charges came from Bally's spa and that they had nothing to do with the charges.So, if you want to come home from vacation covered in infected BEDBUG bites/welts and get charged double for a massage (that you had a coupon for) then by all means stay at Bally's. I will never stay in that casino again and plan on reporting them to the Vegas office of public health and to the better business bureau.
4	Bally's is located in the heart of the strip, across from the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace. There is a long walkway to the front entrance of the hotel but the shops in Paris lead you right near a stage/ bar inside the Bally's casino. I noticed there are more gambling tables here than there are coin machines. I thought the girl dancers in the casino were very fun and lively; they added some flavor to the seemingly old and stale crowd.It was about 11pm and one of the dealers was having trouble adding the cards on the black jack table so I'm not sure if she was playing everyone fairly or if she was just having trouble doing late night math.
3	It is so so at best.I stayed there again with a friend who likes it there.I tried not to eat there at all. THe music lounge has June groups listed in July .It seems kind of old even though Im old too.I still greatly prefer Bellagio
4	We didn't expect too much paying $30 a night in the middle of the strip but we were really surprised!  We ordered a room in the south tower for $30 a night but they gave us a room in the north tower which I thought was more expensive.  I don't know if we got upgraded or not.  The room was big and clean.  The only complaint was that it was 30 minutes to check in at 8:00 pm on a Sunday.  I would definitely stay again! Great Deal!
3	Bally's layout is extremely weird. My grandparents used to stay here when it was the MGM and the various additions make navigating its hotel floors really impossible. The location is the prime reason for staying here--right in the middle of everything. It's not super fancy, but it's not trying to be. Hotel rooms are for sleeping and storing your things, and with a location like this and decent accommodations, Bally's hits it right on the mark. I would probably choose staying at Bally's over staying at other places on the Strip, due to its price and location, but trying to navigate those hallways while inebriated would be a nightmare, so I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 4.
3	I stayed here June 30-July 3, during some serious heat. The nights averaged 82 degrees!!!! During the day its was well over 100.I stayed in the North Tower and the prices were decent, though I waited 5 minutes too long to book my room online a few weeks before and the prices went up by 25 dollars.I recommend staying in the North Tower, apparently it has been renovated while the South Tower supposedly needs an overhaul.The rooms were clean, spacious and the housecleaning was great. There were plenty of extra towers and toiletries available.The location is key, it is right in the middle of the strip.The only problem is that the pool is a long walk from the rooms, and the crowd is certainly far from beautifulI will spring the extra 50 bucks for the Paris Pool or 100 for a pool with eye candy :-)But if Eye candy is not your goal, you should stay here, the location and price is good.The slots are not that great though and missing a few of my favorite games.
5	Okay to be fair this isn't some high class casino with rooms filled with Doves.Although,  I did a 5 night $200 deal with Bally's where I have to use the room before the end of this year. Can't beat that, especially since it includes weekends. I went to the counter, did my $20 tip trick and got upgraded from South to North Tower, w/ view of the strip and fountain. Huge room for my GF and I, not that we really spent too much time there. The pool was actually alot of fun, one of the cabana renters gave us two beers and a half bottle of absolute vodka that the previous party left. That's why I love VEGAS, about $45 avg a night for an on strip hotel with a nice pool.
4	My Review: Male; Late 20's. I booked a two night stay via the Total Rewards website for a Classic Guest Room for 25/night. We took a chance on this hotel, being this was the first time we were going to stay here. We loved the location, practically the middle of the strip, the pool, and the service we received at check-in. We were comp'ed a free upgrade after making conversation at the check-in counter. We usually try the "$20 sandwich" trick, but there was no need for it this time. The upgrade was great; even though it was in the outdated south tower, I couldn't believe I paid 50 bucks for a suite facing the strip with all the amenities the room had. It worked out since we were 5 deep. Overall, I wouldn't mind staying here again. For the price, you cant beat it. I recommend signing-up for the Total Rewards membership, we got a 45% discount off compared to other websites and if you sign-up online, you can get your card at the TR desk and get $10 playing credit.  GF Review: Mid 20'sPros:Price + awesome free upgrade Spacious room (HUGE)!!! Mini Fridge was perfectLocation, Location, location!Pool was great and spacious! Kid friendly White sheets ( Was a little worried because I hate those old red sheets in pics)5 minutes to check in/ checked out by using the TV (no wait)Cons:Needs a little interior makeover into the 21st century- it honestly just needs flat screens instead of big tubes! But hey VH1 & Espn kept us HAPPY!Walk to Pool is a little far but worth it! WIsh they had outside showers to wash offWould stay here again GF's Mom: mid ????'s "I LOVED the coffee!!! Better than MGM! OMG Jacuzzi/clean/view...Enjoying my LIFE SINGLE..."
2	Nail salon seriously is a zero star. Basing my rating on them. A "salon" manicure include them rubbing lotion on your hands and lower arms... For $50.. So not worth it.  Other than that easy access to Paris.
3	I came to Vegas and stayed at Bally's for my 30th birthday.  The room was all right; I've had better but they are centrally located on the strip so we were pretty much in walking distance to everything.  They have a small cafe/diner right next to their registration desk so that was a plus.
5	Nice clean room (updated North Tower) right in the middle of everything. Hard to beat.
1	Such a disappointment!! The desk clerk that signed us in totally lied and said if we got in line at the rewards center we would receive about $700 worth of coupons to be used while we were there! NOT! They we in the packet she handed us!! Waited in long line for nothing!Told her it was my 50th Birthday and we we staying for a week!lso our friends we staying there also. No View whatsoever!! Blaring bright lights outside our room! Blah!!!None of us we close! All on different floors!My sister was upgraded to a suite - we don't know why! Nice for her!!The bathroom had the paper portion of the shampoo bottles stuck on the shelf - gross!! The worst part was the Housekeeping Inspector woman just walked right in our room WITHOUT KNOCKING! We were just walking out. Completely surprised! She said "O' sorry, I'm just holding the door for you"! We made light of it but it was disturbing! The very next day we came back from the pool and I was in the shower, with the bathroom door open. My husband stripping out of his wet suit and here she comes AGAIN!! No KNOCK!! And tried to talk her way out of it, my husband yelled "just get out I'm obviously naked-get out"!We called the manager told him of our situation and he said "she said she knocked"! What the?! That means she ran to him and told him, no I'm Sorry or that won't happen again!! My husband then told him he had to go home and my wife (me) was scheduled to stay alone for the next few days, but because of all these actions of Bally's employee's (including him) she's AFRAID to stay!All the Manager said (very monotone) I'll put you down for check out tomarrow!  WoW!! I was a manager for the Hampton Inn for years and I'm completely Insulted and Appalled by not only his lack of empathy but the Disrespect we felt the whole time by him and Employees!!My 50th was spent in the Cabana, they were GREAT! They are Separte from Bally's!! Expect to be treated better by Motel 6 or Super 8!!I will be telling anyone and EVERYONE NOT TO STAY AT Bally's!!!
4	This is not luxury BUT it's clean, amazing location and the price is right! We stayed here bc we gamble at www.totalrewards.com properties in the Chicagoland area which allows us to get comped in Vegas a few times per year.
4	I was PLEASANTLY surprised at how nice this hotel was for what I was spending.  On Yelp, this hotel only got 3.5 stars, but I think it deserves a solid 4 to 4.5.  We stayed in the north tower, which was everything we needed.   I heard the south tower  was not as nice because it wasn't renovated yet, but the hotel staff immediately checked us into the north tower anyway without us having to ask for an upgrade.  There was NO WAIT to check in at 730pm on a FRIDAY night, and expres checkout was so easy, we didn't have to lift a finger!  There wasn't even enough cigarette smoke to bother me in the rooms or really in the casino (and I'm pretty sensitive).  The ventilation was awesome. The AC worked GREAT and it was central; not the archaic a/c box that sits under the window.  They also have 24-hr Sbarro pizza downstairs if you want it.  Very central to everything; walked everywhere and we never needed to take a cab except we took one on the way back from NY NY... only about 8 bucks.The only drawback is I wished they had a refrigerator in the room.  That's it!I stayed in circus circus in June (during EDC 2012), and that place was a DUMP compared to bally's.HIGHLY Recommend this place for people who are on a budget but don't want to stay in a shit hole because of it!  I will deff be staying here from now on!
3	We arrived in Las Vegas straight into what seems like a maze of casinos. A 24hr circus of lights and games for freaks like me to play in. Bally's was located in a great location. I walked up to the check-inn desk where I was greeted by a black guy named Elvis. I gave him whatever he wanted; id, credit card, name. He began violently flicking the keyboard for awhile. And after awhile I started to wonder wtf is going on? "Don't lean over the desk" he said. Then continuing to move at crack speed he walked into a back room then came back. Minutes later of waiting patiently I got the keys to my room. I think Elvis upgraded us to the north tower. Thanks buddy. The rooms aren't bad BUT THERE ARE NO FRICKIN REFRIGERATORS!! That is a huge pain in the ass. Not to mention no free wifi, no local or toll free calls, but then there are no resort fees either. So would I stay at Bally's again? For the price, quality of rooms, and the location yes. But if you choose Bally's be prepared to give up some amenities you may or may not be able to live with.
1	Horrible. Stay away.Registered here due to this.My gf and I have been here twice previously, two and three years ago and had a good time, but things seem to change over time, and Bally's has changed for the worse.Customer Service was pretty rude in the number of times we talked to people at the front desk. Not one employee seemed like they wanted to be there. Didn't even make eye contact when checking us in, let alone during the course of conversation. You know, you don't have to pretend your guests are invisible.When we checked in, after making reservations over a month prior, for a non-connecting room with a king size bed, we were told there were none available. Really? We only made the damn reservation about 6 weeks prior. Well, the offered to move us into a sweet for the night, which seemed like a good deal at first. As far as sweets go, this was the worst I've ever stayed in. Felt dirty. Broken toilet that kept running and whistling long after we flushed it. A bidet in a separate room from the toilet, on the other side of the shower. Who takes a poop, then wanders out of the bathroom with their pants around their ankles, across the hotel room, to use the bidet, then with their pants still around their ankles, wanders back to the bathroom to finish cleaning up? No one, that's who. That's on top of the huge hole in the ceiling outside the shower and peeling wall paper which looked gross. I'd be pissed if I payed for a sweet and this was what I got. Not to mention all sweets connect, so you don't really have quiet, and can hear whoever is in the next sweet.So after staying in the sweet, we of course had to re-pack and lug our baggage downstairs to switch to a regular room, which seemed cleaner than the sweet. First night here was good, until a family the following morning checked their young daughters into the room next to us. They proceeded to horse around like crazy, wrestling, jumping off the bed, kicking the head board into our wall during all waking hours, to the point we were woken up two straight mornings by their pounding, and had to listen to them beat on our walls, the banging of their head board against our walls echoing while they wrestled on the bed and our floors vibrated. We thought there was a construction crew in there at first.Well, talked to them twice, talked to the front desk twice, security came twice, talked to two separate managers as this went on around the clock and the end result was us being asked to switch rooms for the second time in four days. Not happy about that at all. The walls are damn thick in Bally's, and we've never heard a peep from anyone. And we know it's Vegas and people get a little loud before going out, we're fine with that. What we're not fine with is a family basically dropping their kids off on the room next to us, leaving them there all day while they go do whatever, and we're stuck listening to kids bouncing off the walls all damn day simply because the parents don't want to parent, and Bally's won't get them to stop acting like a drunk college wrestling team.You know what's new? No more coffee makers in the room. We had them our two previous times, yet apparently they're too cheap to keep them. We called and asked for one and were told from one person they don't hand them out anymore because it's a fire hazard, and were' told by another person, both at the front desk that we had to upgrade to a premium service to get a f'ing coffee maker. Nevermind there was one in our sweet the first night, so it can't be a fire hazard, right? How is having smoking rooms, and drunk people smoking cigs while they fall asleep not a fire hazard, but the coffee maker is? If you're cheap, you're cheap, but don't give some weak BS answer.Hotel seemed dirtier than usual. Different crowd as well. Previously it seemed younger people were coming here due to the location and cheaper prices. Now it seems everyone in trailer parks across America came here because it's a good deal. If you like hanging around 300lb mammoths, who chain smoke, drink budweiser the minute they wake up, smell bad  and can barely get their enormous backsides off the chairs at the slot machines, this is the place for you. Their drunk redneck husbands who walk around hitting on the few good looking women and even grabbing them as happened to my gf, was not pleasant.And where's the security? Now there is none. We went to their indigo lounge one night, where while sitting in the back and paying for $14 drinks, there were guys hanging over the railing trying to get a free show, breathing down our necks and so close behind us we couldn't even sit back in our chairs.This place has gone completely down hill. We will not be staying again, ever. We've decided we'd rather cough up a little more money and stay a night or two less, and get some real service. By the way, the crowd at Bally's is the worst looking crowd by far in Vegas, if that matters to you. Almost makes you not want to have sex a
1	I booked a 5 night deal for $200 to be used anytime by the end of the year.  I figured this was a great deal since I could split my stay.  So the first time I visited, the experience was not so bad.  However, I made several requests to be moved over to a different tower as my husband and I were travelling with family and my husbands brother and cousin were placed in the same tower.  Someone at the front desk said they moved us over to the same tower as our family for the next day which was great for us only to find out the next morning that we were going to be charged extra.  This would have been fine if it had been explained to us the night before.  The next time I stayed to redeem the rest of the package I had purchased all was well, or so I thought.  When I was going to bed, I pulled back the covers only to find a red stain across the sheets.  Whether it was blood or lipstick, this shouldn't have happened.  Aren't the people in housekeeping paying attention?  I did take several picture and went down to the front desk to complain.  Only to be greeted by the rudest lady I have ever met.  I am very big on customer service and expect to be treated well.  After all, if this had been my hotel, I would want people to return.  She sent housekeeping up to change our sheets after insisting that it was probably rust on the sheets.  (I'm not stupid I know what a little rust would look like)  The lady that changed our sheets was a hot mess.  she was dropping the pillows and blankets on the floor and was stepping all over it.  This bothered me terribly as I don't even do this at my own home.  Clean linens should never touch the ground.So, I do have to admit, I was quite disappointed at this.  The location was great and the price was a steal.  But for poor treatment and a dirty room?  Worth it?  I'm not so sure.
3	Pros: affordable , spacious rooms, and right in the center of the stripCons: outdated (all rooms in the south tower) , tube TVs, and customer service can vary.This hotel was ok for the price we paid. I could have easily gotten a nicer room at planet Hollywood but since we had others traveling with us , I had to accommodate according to their budget. I booked a suite in the south tower with a guaranteed connecting room.The woman checking us in told me that they DONT guarantee a connecting room. I specifically told her to check the notes because i wouldn't have booked with ballys if that was the case.Long story short. Her attitude the whole time was condescending , rushed , and down right rude. She didn't even check if there were any available rooms in the north tower. She told me "nope, sorry " WITHOUT CHECKING. At that point I was pissed off at her attitude , took my room keys went to our room.  In the end, I called and complained to the assistant manager about the rude customer service I received . Once I told him the name of the worker , the tone in his voice seemed like this person has had many complaints on her already. He kindly apologized and found 2 rooms in the north tower . And upgraded us for free. I even asked him if he could bring up the new room keys so I didn't have to go downstairs and see the rude worker.I probably would have rubbed it in her face that she would get disciplinary action taken towards her later, while i get to stay in the upgraded rooms! :)
3	Yah this place is run down, but honestly, you're paying for what you're getting. Short and sweet: If you get a room here, try to get the south tower because those rooms are renovated. 3 stars for those rooms
3	Bally's is an amicable, out-dated dive located in pretty prime real-estate on the Strip, flanked buy a bunch of other casinos within Caesar's Entertainment's family of  properties.  This is definitely the next one for the wrecking ball, but our stay was fine and this property offers a few different positives which would make me consider staying again.First off- I stayed here this past weekend with several (male) college friends in our late 30s.  We're all married, shared rooms, and went to LV for a fantasy football draft, and got really cheap rates on rooms as our draft was taking place at another (more expensive) property on the same block.  We got one room comped, and a 2nd for $89/night.  This property was perfect for us- cheap, and easy proximity to everything we needed- adequate restaurants, booze, etc.If I was a young, single 20-something, looking for a 'scene'- this is not where I would stay.  The crowd was generally older (than me), the pool was mediocre at best- very expensive drinks, and more of an AARP crowd than one would expect.  The 20-something year-old belongs at Hard Rock, The Palm, or basically ANYWHERE else...If I was going with my wife for a nice weekend together- I wouldn't stay here either- you can do better elsewhere and get a more elegant room- although our rooms were clean very adequate, albeit outdated...But I'd look at Wynn, The Hotel, or many other options before this.In summary- the good things about Bally's are the cheap rooms, the proximity to other casinos- including the direct tunnel walkway to Paris- where we spent most of our time gambling, and the 24 hour Sbarros.  If any of these things are of interest to you, you should consider Bally's.  I may stay here again, but definitely not the top of my list in LV.
2	What can I say about comped rooms?  They're awesome!  But let's talk for a second about our comped room here at bally's...well, not so great.  We were given a hotel room in the South Tower, the non-remodeled side of the hotel...which is no biggie...but it is an issue when you are placed right next to the elevator...and I mean RIGHT next to the elevator.  I barely got any sleep the first night...all I could hear was the rumbling of the elevator shafts.  And as well all know...Vegas never sleeps...because the hotel doesn't let you!   Haha.  I called downstairs asking for a different hotel room...they couldn't offer anything else but they did offer to set us up in a different room on the same floor the next day.  I asked if we could be moved to the north tower...NOPE!  $20/day and sure we could...so we did.  Argh.There is a pretty huge difference between the rooms.  If you do stay here, make sure you book the NORTH TOWER.  They have flat screen TVs, 2 desks, comfy beds, a less awkward bathroom with granite counters, a better sink, and lots of mirrors.  One thing in common between the 2 different rooms?  The noise.  I could hear everyone's conversations from other rooms around me...I could hear my neighbors flushing their toilets.  At least, no elevator noise.  Thank goodness.  The staff are friendly for the most part...I had a great conversation with one of the guys at the bell desk.  The slots didn't give up a penny...but it's Vegas!  You're here to make a deposit at the slot machines anyhoo.  Haha.  Oh, and I think it's ridiculous to charge your guests $22 to use the gym.  2 stars.
3	Not a bad hotel/casino.  Rooms aren't the cleanest, but it's not dirty either.  Kinda small too.Casino itself gets pretty crowded... but so do all Vegas Casinos.
5	For the price and location you can't beat it, Bally's is a great place to stay. A big shout out to my Total Experince Concierge Dallas Holmes. :) Dallas you made my experience seamless and great for our guest. I used Bally's to host my guest for my wedding on August 25th. My guest were quickly won over by the location, spacious rooms, and great service.Location: Almost on the middle of the strip. so a quick walk to some of the prime locations you may want to visit. Had the perks of Paris, but not the price. Across the street from Ceasar Palace. Bellagio, Paris, Planet hollywood and Miracle Mile Shops. Also monorail picks up from Bally's location. And is connected to Paris hotel with great shops and eateries.Rooms: Our room was very spacious in the South Tower Seventh floor. Enough to have 3 queens beds. Flat screen tv was nice especially when it was time to check out all we had to do was press a button. Cleaning ladies came everyday and made our beds, vaccumed and cleaned the bathroom.  Which was nice especially since we stood there for 6 days.  My guest were all happy with their rooms and a few had great views of the stip.Service: From top to bottom every member of staff we came in contact with was helpful, and very nice.  Service is stellar here! :)Bally's was so comfortable I did not want to leave, we added 2 additional days onto our stay.
5	This was my first time staying in this hotel. Usually, I stay in Circus Circus.This hotel is quite small compared to the other hotels on the strips. It's located right at the center of the strips. The price per night is affordable (It was $30-31, after tax, per night for North Tower Deluxe room during my stay).I really enjoyed my stay at Bally's because:1. The price is affordable.2. Bally's has a prime location (The center of the strips).3. It's connected to Paris hotel, so it felt like I was staying in Paris hotel for a cheaper hotel price.4. The floor-cleaning lady at the food court area and the receptionist at the front desk were friendly. 5. The maid did excellent job in cleaning my room. She replaced my soap and towels every day and gave me extra soap.6. The room is spacious and clean.7. The bathroom is also clean and meets my standard.I think I will stay here again when I go to Vegas next time.Oh, the billing department sent the copy of hotel bill/receipt to my email promptly, within 12-13 hours after I submitted the online form.
2	Two stars may be pushing it. This is my first review but I feel all you yelpers need to know.....Holy crap!! First day: Paid extra for an EARLY (arrived at 11am) check in and was roomed at 3:45pm. Later, I was sucked into talking to one of those timeshare people while my husband went to the room to meet the bellman. I stand there for 10 minutes to find out we don't qualify (figures). Then I rush to my room. I stuck my key card into what I thought was MY room. Turns out it was an nice OLDER gentlemans room. I ran out of there and was running down the hall with housekeeping laughing at me. I went to the belldesk and asked for help. They sent me to the house phone to call my husband in the room. However, since the casino floor is so LOUD and also because I'm hearing impaired I could NOT hear the lady on the other end and she HUNG UP ON ME!!! I sat for a bit at a $5 machine and asked three employees for help with no luck, then went back to the belldesk. FINALLY someone to help!!! I told him the dilemma and he looking it up and wrote my room number down. Got to my room, and told my husband NEVER to leave me again at this hotel!!!!Day 2: We went to talk to a manager, Jose upgraded us to a suite! We walked into this suite and let me tell you it was meant for people who are being "upgraded". The best suite in their offerings gave us the following; poopy smelling water, tile that kept falling out, a broken FIRE ALARM, plus broken handle bars in the hot tub. WOW!! SERIOUSLY?????Day 3: We went to the pool (Nice!), and tried to order food. But since we moved to a new room they did not transfer our credit card info...... and we didn't know to bring any cash!! Denied!! And humiliated!!! WTH??? Day 4: A month prior we had reserved a limo through Bally's. Ricky picked us up from the Luxor and took us on an hour ride though Las Vegas! He dropped us off at Bally's and we paid him plus a 50% tip!!! He took it ALL and stuck the bill on our room!!! GRRRRR! Day 5: We are getting ready to leave and smooching, and housekeeping disregarded the sign AND WALKED IN ON US!!!! Ummmmm really??? The rooms are decent, Jubilee is AWESOME, but if you want any type of good service..... GO ELSEWHERE!!!!!
3	This place is a solid 3 stars for me.  We went over labor day weekend and stayed here Sunday and Monday night.  Sunday night was $80 and Monday night was a wooping $30 woohoooThey first put us in the South Tower WARNING:  DO NOT BE PUT IN THE SOUTH TOWER!!!  It was smelly, super duper old, and kinda creepy.  We went back down to ask for the upgrade they had suggested and were "upgraded" for free to the North Tower.  Much much better.Great location and good enough amenities for the price!
4	We stayed at a two queen room in the north tower[+] asked for a room upgrade during labor day weekend and we actually got it! from south tower to north tower, no extra cost either so yay![+] the room was pretty spacious[+] Paris is attached and is right next door[+] in the middle of the strip so it's a pretty nice place to be[-] casino is on the smaller side[-] faaaaaar walk to the poolI would love to stay at Bally's again!
3	Would have put 3.5 stars if possible.   The property is definitely lacking when compared to its neighbors Paris and Planet Hollywood.  However, the price was pretty good $30 weekday and $100 weekend nights.  The room (North tower deluxe) was spacious, nice, and clean, but requires some maintenance to hide its age.The casino is very small, food and shops are lacking, but there are some fun slots and cheap tables available.  If you're on a budget, this is a good place to stay.  If you can afford more, Planet Hollywood is a better buy.  We've stayed at both.
2	Let me start by saying that I am the type that likes to stay at cheap places when I travel so I can spend the money doing other things, and that's why I stayed at Bally's. I am not a hotel snob by any means. However, when I am paying to stay a hotel on the strip, I do expect better than a Howard Johnson, and I can say with all honesty that I have stayed at Ho Jo's that were far superior to this place. Little things like shampoo and conditioner and a bed that doesn't cave in the middle (and isn't a Murphy bed) would have been nice. Oh, and towels without stains on them would be nice also. I was also disappointed by the staff. The woman at the front desk was fairly miserable and didn't say more than 5 words to us upon check-in and then after checking out we realized the room was put under the wrong name, which was weird. When we realized our bed caved in the middle, we requested a new room (which I have never done before at any hotel, ever) and they told us they could switch us but the bed would be exactly the same. Ummm, ok, never mind then? They also told us we could switch to a suite which would cost $100 more a night, but if I was going to pay that much more, I would have just stayed at a nicer hotel. Another con is that it is a far walk to the pool. Usually when you get off the elevator on the pool floor of a hotel you are right there, but here you have to walk through the trenches of the basement. Be forewarned ladies (and some gents), and make sure to cover up because there is a long way to go while you while get lots of creepy stares by lots of creepy men.But there are some pros I need to mention. The location is perfect, right in the middle of the strip and at one of the monorail stops. It has a walk through to Paris, which is where we ended up spending most of our time. Also, although the pool is a pain to get to, I liked the environment of the pool, at least on the weekdays while I was there. It was an older crowd and I know a lot of people wouldn't like that, but I liked that it was laid back and fairly quiet because I wanted to relax and not deal with a bunch of rowdy drunks making out all over the place. I understand this could be a pro or con depending on your personality.Bottom line - I would not stay here again and probably would shell out a little extra next time I'm in Vegas.
5	What a fantastic Hotel! Its so well connected to the Paris that I myself felt like I was staying at the Paris! The rooms were very clean and check in was decent. Some of the staff looked a touch overworked and one got a touch cranky with my 15+ person group (ok yes i understand there's a lot of us so  forgive)  Your smack dab on the strip and in the middle of everything. I loved my stay here because for the value your smack dab in the middle of all the action of the strip. Its very conveniently located
3	Like others have said I would give it 31/2 stars if I could but.....W were comped rooms and I was surprised how nice the room was.  It was very clean.  The style of the furniture was a poor choice.  The baby blue couch looked faded but it was not.  The blond wood furniture looks dated but it is new.  It was just poor choices.  The staff was helpful and friendly.  The casino was very smokey and had a dated tired look to it.  The easy access to Paris was great.  The general location is good.  We got a big rain storm when we were there so we never at the pool.  I think overall this was a good experience.
4	4.5 Stars I stay at Bally's for a week and got to say it was good. If you looking for a hotel on the strip that near everything and don't want to pay a arm or a leg for it then stay at Bally's. Services was excellent and everything was close by. When I got there I ask if I could get a two queen bed instead of one and they upgrade me to the North tower deluxe room it was spacious, nice, and clean, and updated. No extra charge. The only draw by at that time was there was no refrigerator or microwave, but hey it Vegas I was going to eat out most of the time anyways and my friend gave me her cooler to keep all the drinks cold. Anyways if you need a refrigerator it $10 a night if you wanted to know. I pay about $30 something a night, Sunday to Saturday. I had a promotion code I got off the Internet. Also on the second day the house keeping staff notice a little wet spot on the carpet and got this air blower in the room when I came back they left me a message to call the front desk. When I called they ask if I was ok if they upgrade me to the honeymoon suite with a jacuzzi  and the view of the strip and the dance fountain show. It was nice got to say Bally's is a good hotel if you looking for a nice clean place to sleep on the strip and the price is just right. It also connected to Paris and in walking distance to everything. There pool isn't the greatest pool thought, but I went to other pools but for the price and everything I think it great. Oh yeah the Wi fi isn't free you have to pay for it so that might be a draw back for some.
2	First night out on our great adventure; driving from San Diego to Hamilton, Ontario, Canada we stopped at Bally's. The hotel is a little dated and in need to updating. Check in was without effort; however, front desk staff lag behind the service we have received at other hotels in the area (Mirage and Ellara). Frankly, the staff were disinterested and not very helpful. The common areas are clean and hallways on the guest floors are quite wide to accommodate larger groups. The rooms are spacious and comfortably appointed although the carpets are worn, wall paper is beginning to peel and paint is chipped in washrooms. Nightstands are showing the ill effects of heavy wear. Regardless, the rooms are comfortable and let's face it, this is Las Vegas; how much time are you really going to spend in the room? The real attractions are the shows, food, nightlife, and casinos. So all considered this is a good spot for a quick stop over.
2	I'm actually surprised this hotel is still here.  I haven't been here since I was a little kid, but we decided to venture in on our last trip.  After all the hoopla of entering the hotel, you'll find a really small casino.  It was just funny after taking all the escalators and moving platforms that we entered this tiny casino.  I'll probably skip this hotel on my next walk down the strip.
4	I enjoyed ballys. It is worth it to upgrade to the north tower. It is newer, nicer, bigger. Stayed here for bachelor party. 8 guys in a queen room
3	We stayed at Bally's again last week for 3 nights, mainly because the rooms were comped, I assume, based on our last year's play.  I placed a $20 bill between the license and credit card and asked if there were any complimentary upgrades. I don't think she saw the $20 but when she did, she acted a little surprised and gave a little "Oh!". She asked what type of upgrade were looking for. I was specifically looking for a room with a fridge which isn't standard at Bally's. She placed us in a room on the north tower which was part of a connecting suite. It was one room, but larger (she said 500 sq ft) and had a mini-bar. It had a sofa, coffee table, and a couple other chairs along with a small dining room table and chairs. It also had a flat screen TV, which the south tower doesn't appear to have. You could see doors on each side to the connecting rooms. What was unusual was it was a murphy bed! I have to admit, the bed wasn't very comfortable.  I also found their pillows thin and firm so I always bring my own from home (we drive from California). Regardless, since the room was already comped for 3 nights, throwing $20 in for a little better room was nice. We went to the Sidewalk Cafe again for breakfast and had a pretty basic breakfast.  Before paying $11.99 for the breakfast buffet, check it out.  It's a mini buffet so their selection might be a little sparse.  I ordered from the menu this time.  The 24 hour Sbarro in nice, although a bit of a walk down the stairs at the end of the hall, but great for a midnight snack. Again, you can't beat the location.  Spent more time in Paris and Planet Hollywood for gambling and eating.
2	This place is just OLD OLD OLD! It just reeks of that 1970's and 1980's vintage smell and most of the property has not been renovated since the 80's. This hotel use to be the original MGM until they changed the name Ballys and built the MGM GRAND a few blocks down the strip next to Excalibur, New York New York and Tropicana. The casino is small and has not changed in years other then updating the slot machines and flooring but still has that vintage Vegas feel like you're walking into a time machine into retro Las Vegas.Harrah's Resorts planned to tear down Ballys and use the land to expand Paris and build another tower but that was cancelled due to the decline in the credit market and tourism, so Ballys is here to stay till the economy picks up and Vegas gets back to its building boom. I stayed here because the room was comped and centrally located in the middle of the strip across from the Bellagio and the Forum Shops and Caesars Palace. Also just right outside the entrance to Ballys are the street performers and beer stands along the strip selling beer for $8 - $11 USD but don't forget to tip. =)We stayed in the South Tower of Ballys which is the oldest tower and hasn't been remodeled since the 1980's and it still shows the old popcorn ceilings, outdated furniture and bathrooms. What make it even worse is the tables were full of dust but the bed was made and the bathroom was clean and stocked and the floor was vacuumed so that's plus. Since the rates are so cheap, you'll run into many college students on a tight budget looking to have a hangover experience. I'm just glad to not have received any bed bugs on my body since I read reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor about hotel guests getting bites on their legs, arms, and back and so now I always check around the bed, below the mattress and through the sheets for bedbugs.The food options excellent for the budget traveler, below the Ballys casino is the basement where you have to take and escalator down next to the cantina to get to the lower level and you'll find more shops, a 24/7 convenience store, Sbarro's pizza, Ichiban sushi (excellent lunch specials as low as $10 USD, the sports book, spa & salon, the pool and lastly the monorail to get to MGM. The pool is very old school Vegas because it is 9 feet dip and has a diving board and most of the newer hotels in Vegas are just 3 - 3 1/2 feet deep. I would stay here again if I'm on budget but I'd rather pay the extra $15 for a nice hotel and updated room plus they don't have wifi which is a pain if you have an iPad or laptop and you'd have to pay extra for that. Minus 2 stars for the outdated rooms and another star for no Wifi.2 Stars for the central location.
4	I spent one night here with my girlfriend, one of our first overnight vacations. This was a nice enough hotel, though checking in did take forever. I don't blame the hotel staff though, they had a tour bus of non-natives trying to check in, so there was some confusion.After getting through that, we checked out our hotel room. It was nice and clean, though admittedly a bit dated. Still, enough for us to work as a resting point when we weren't in the casinos or walking the boardwalk.
4	Bally's was great, for the price. Nothing special or outstanding about it. The room was clean, bed was comfortable and the bathroom was spacious and nice.It is the perfect location on the strip, can't beat that. I didn't think the staff was all that friendly, except the lady at the front desk when we checked in. I definitely recommend that you do the express checkout option b/c Sundays are HELL when checking out. They will also over charge you, as a hold on the account, and then when the your hotel charges go through, you should be charged the correct amount. We noticed our room total was about $100 over what it should have been, but we waited several days for it to clear and it was correct. Overall, great hotel, clean and decently priced. I'd stay there again.
4	Played there many times but first time staying there. Room was big and clean. Would definitely stay there again.
2	We just spent four nights here @$84 a night .  We paid to be in the "updated" north tower...non smokers....only thing updated was the bathroom (which was very nice).  The carpet was filthy, stains throughout.  Having read previous reviews about bedbugs, we did check and found none.  The room itself was cleaned and vacuumed daily.  The location was ok however several homeless people seem to reside on the grounds, in fact going into the fountains at the front scooping up the coins.  The moving sidewalk never moved, nor did,the upstairs one. " temporarily broken" the sign said.  The buffet??  Hah!  We went there once for breakfast....without a doubt the worst offering ever.  Surly server.   The elevators are dirty as well as the urine smelled parkade.   This place is old, old, old and looks it, smells like it.  No wifi...unless big $$.Count us as "never to return" patrons.
3	Can't beat the location, right the middle of the strip. The place is pretty dated though, even the renovated north tower rooms. It was the original MGM Hotel built in 1972 that went through a pretty bad fire in 1980. If you want to be in the middle of the strip and get a decent price room this is your place to be. It is also nice because it is attached to The Paris, that you can walk to through a connecting mall.
1	Use to be the MGM Grand until a disastrous fire killed some 80 people some years ago, then it was repaired and rebranded as Bally's. The hotel is sort of long in the tooth with wear showing thru-out the facility. It's sort of the bastard stepchild of the Caesars Corp which now owns it. Most of the clients are on bus package tours which the hotel caters to. Many years ago a friend of mine who was in Vegas during the MGM fire told me he never stays above the 8th floor which is the reach of the tallest fire department ladder.
4	I loved my stay at Bally's.Its not as cool as the other hotels or as new but for the price, it was great.I love the locations, Practically in the middle of the strip. You're right across from Caesars and Bellagio. The pool area could be a little fancier like other Vegas pools but it gets the job done. The Bar by the pool makes really great drinks. The rooms were clean and we did get a decent upgrade. The staff was great. My friend got really drunk and threw up all over the carpet and they did a great job cleaning it, poor ladies. The bathroom was pretty nice. Our room was spacious. I would definitely stay here again but there's so many hotels in Vegas that I wanna try them all! I would recommend this place for someone who was looking for a great location on the strip  and looking to stay within their budget.
1	OMG. A third-world experience.  Refuge camps are cleaner and more attractive. Dirt, stains, ding everywhere.  Old analog TV with a rat's nest of wires mounted on a scratched up table.  No blankets -- kinda like a hospital room, only filthy.  Hookers won't go to the South Tower -- too low rent.  Heard the North Tower is a lttle better, but do yourself a favor and go to a real hotel.
3	I was out here for four days for a tradeshow.  The hotel is located in the middle of the strip, which is a plus but besides that it doesn't have much going for it.  The hotel is dated with its decor and amenities.  It was nice enough to exhibit at but the hotel room was old and smelly.  They have a good amount of restaurants and table games, also a plus. Overall, I would check out some of the newer hotels and city center before staying here again.
3	I stayed here for a bachelor party.  I've been here numerous times.  I love the location as it is within walking distance to all the hotels I like hanging at.  I like the fact that they gave me a fat discount because of a collective of my friends player points.  It isn't the newest hotel, but the rooms are clean and the staff were good.  I enjoyed their sportsbook.  Unfortunately, I was unable to do any dining over there nor have I ever dined over there.  That's a shame.  I would stay there again just for the price, but there are far superior hotels in Las Vegas.
4	I love Bally's. SO many memories at this hotel. EDC, random nights of clubbing, birthdays, wild drunken adventures, and so much more! I love the Grand Suite. I've stayed at places like the Signature Suites at MGM and yes, the rooms are much nicer and modern looking there, but the Grand Suite here is HUGE. HUMONGOUS. CELEBRITY STATUS. So much floor space and an amazing view of Paris & the Bellagio fountains! If you're going with a group of college kids, this suite definitely beats trying to cram into the luxury suites elsewhere!Only downside is that everything here is a little plain -- not so much of the glitzy Vegas glam you might find at the Cosmopolitan! This place is definitely CLEAN (don't be fooled by the Best Western-eqsue decor) but just in need of a little update.Every time we walk from our room to get a cab we always get a few stares too. I always feel like one of the youngest ones here and this is definitely not the place for the "young & hip" scene! BUT the price is great & the location is AMAZING. Main exit gets you right on the strip & you're in total walking distance to Marquee!Check your Total Rewards hotel rates right up until the night you're going to stay. The prices tend to drop just before, and if you call the hotel they can adjust the price for you!Staff is super friendly. Make sure you tip! :)AND FINALLY... If you come back from a night of clubbing with your friends, you MUST check out the Mexican restaurant (open 24/7) nearby the casino and get the super nachos!!! They're so big I bet not even 3 drunk & hungry guys can finish them! Show your total rewards card and you get a discount!
3	Older hotel, but clean and cheap for a night when you don't want to drive home. Good service overall.
2	A NIGHTMARE WITH KIDS!I went back and forth between a 1 star and the 2 star. We parked here last night as we were hitting the strip with the kids. The issue is not the hotel itself, rather the security staff. We had two people from our party go to the bathroom, and since we had kids, we didn't want to stand on the floor. So, what did we do? We took the kids off the carpet, into a side area, off the carpet, behind a big fountain, next to a lady selling kids toys. Safe right? We are a solid 30 feet from the closest table and a good 15 feet off the carpeted gambling floor! WRONG! This guy comes over, tells us to move back another 20 feet up and over these stairs. My wife explains that we have 2 people in the bathroom and he says, "they will have to find you, you need to move now." I asked him if he would be requiring the other 3 families with kids to do the same, which I did not get a response. Instead, we were escorted out of the area by this individual. I was sure to let him know that their policies were not appreciated, and to be honest, they lost my business over this. We are planning a big bash next year, and were looking to stay here, but I am not giving my business to a place that encourages employees to go about and mean-mug people. I know that my one not staying here will change nothing, but nonetheless, if you have kids and are looking for a hotel, this is probably not the place, with rude staff and unequal policies.
4	Considering I only paid $16.80 for 1 night (Monday, November 19th) I got a room in the south tower with an amazing view of Eiffel Tower and city center and partial view of Bellagio fountains. Room itself wasn't that impressive, but it served the purpose. Would stay here again, but finding the parking garage is hard!!
5	Stayed here free thanks to comps!The best thing I remember about this place is that I discovered a really good drink!! They make it best hereCOLORADO BULLDOG.  it's kinda like coffee/milk  they just baileys!ORDER IT when you are gambling!
3	We stayed in the North Tower (more updated area than the rest of the hotel) and got upgraded to a Junior Suite after a few glitches at the front desk. Room was clean and better than expected; although I would say that for a Suite, it was more comparative to a general room at the higher end hotels such as Palazzo/Venetian or Aria. Room included a sofa, dining table, flat screen with bar area (which eventually the sink backed up, see below). Bathroom was decent and there was a vanity area for the ladies. Quality of towels in bathroom was minimal and for a suite, it would have been nice to have a robe and slippers, but we didn't get that. The shower and toiletries was basic. Overall, the room served its purpose.One night we came back from a night out and noticed about 2 cups of black GUNK and GLOB in the bar sink. Gross. We were told it was caused from a backup in someone's else room. He picked up the nasty black glob and we waited for 30 minutes for housekeeping to come and clean it and got too tired to wait up afterwards. They were supposed to clean it up the next day but housekeeping missed it until we called and complained again.Casino has a variety of slot themes including Michael Jackson, Elvis, Monopoly and more. Good variety of tables and the people are nice that work at hotel. Good and easy access to Paris hotel and the Rewards program works at multiple hotels.Overall, compared to other places on the Strip, I wouldn't select this location as a first choice and would hesitate at selecting Bally's as a place to recommend to friends and family. However, I would give it an A-OK.
4	I would've given 5 stars if the customer service was better. Guy who checked me in wasn't personable and didn't even say hello. When I asked if I could see an executive suite for future party planning, he got me the book to look at. I would have preferred to physically see it.I called down later and a nice ladyRita was helpful in telling me the types a d how if I came down later she would show me two. I went down about4 hours later and asked for her and this other clerk gave me the third degree asking if I'm staying there as if I needed to in order to see a room.So she goes to the back to tell Rita and comes back to say they were gone and I could check back tomorrow or she could show me the book. I thought that was odd and decided to look it up on you tube. The room I had in the north tower was huge for just me and the bathroom was nice but I think I'll be taking my business elsewhere for my party. a place of this reputation should give impeccable service.
3	Let's just get down to the nitty gritty of things.  Good and bad...1)  Rooms are nice, large, and updated.  The downside is there is a lingering smoker and wet dog smell to the rooms.  2) It's conveniently near the hub of the stripe.  The downside is there were misc. noises outside until the wee hours of the night (loud music, Bellegio's water show, people moving).  All can be heard on the 14th floor!!  I know I Know, who sleeps in sin city?!  Well, I do!3) The casino has a nice collection of slots and offer good and cheaper minimum bets.  I like that a lot!4) Were requested double beds and ended up with a single.  We had to go back downstairs to make the change.  It's inconvenient since time is taken away from our fun time!  Tip:  be sure to double check with our receptionist on how many beds are in the room.
4	You really can't beat the value for such a great location on the strip.  Reserve at the north tower and you will get the newly renovated rooms with ample space, clean sheets, and a nice cheap casino to boot.
5	Bally's gets a Vegas five stars for a non-five star hotel.My family spent the week before Christmas at Bally's and once again the hotel surpassed my expectations.   The hotel location is just about the best on the strip.  The rooms are large and very comfortable.  I have stayed at just about all the hotels along the strip for business and pleasure - from all the high-end resorts to the desperately needing updated properties.  The high-ends are over-rated.  If you are properly experiencing Vegas, you should not be spending too much time in your room.  Bally's is not a luxury hotel and if the Wynn or Bellagio is your cup of tea, then it's not going to excite you in any way.  If a comfortable location that is convenient to all the fun is desired, then this is the way to go.   It's best bang for the buck in Las Vegas.
2	I'm a hotel snob. Fine, I admit it! But my friend Jalena had a budget that I had to stick with, so I obliged. I would never recommend anyone staying in the Ballys, unless in the future they did deep cleaning, update the sheets, curtains, mattress, pillows...basically they need to renovate or move the hotel to the South end of the strip in the vacant spot next to Circus Circus! Upon the first night we arrived, out heat was broke! It was December....how is the heat in the hotel room broke? So just like out of some funny comedy starring Jack Black, the maintenance man arrives in a gray suit, greasy and chubby. I almost couldn't contain my laughter. Other crazy unmentionables....I'm a fanatic about clean sheets and to my amazement, there were no duvets, not top blankets...nada. The sheets served as your top cover. Umm...but its winter, its 50 degrees outside, and no blanket! I also got a chance to peek at the mattress. It was yellow, dingy, and raggedy...it literally belonged in the dumpster. Talk about getting what you pay for....in my opinion, I still paid too much for that!
2	Lower middle class, though i would stay here again for the value. Overall, this is a barebones hotel that is identical to the Chinatown Bus (between New York and Boston). Crowded line to check in, people are sprawled everywhere, and there's smoke everywhere. Cranky check-in lady was efficient but cranky. Yes, you don't pay a resort fee but it costs $22 just to use the fitness center, plus additional fee for the internet. Service was firm, but polite. They got aggressive about the check-out time, knocking on my bathroom door to inform me that I needed to leave right at 11AM. Oh, and the hotel's clientele are definitely...um....rude (little kids running around the place, loud noises coming from rooms, random door slammings). The huge, bright blue neon lights (that shine on the building and make the building cool looking on the outside) are really annoying and shined right into my room.I would stay here again ($40/night) but will probably spring for Caesar's Palace or someplace nicer for $10 more. If you're in MGM, Luxor is probably the slightly better equivalent of Bally's (same room rate, but access to a gym and the rooms don't smell like converted non-smoking).
3	PROS:- Stayed in the North Tower of the hotel with a view of the north side of the strip.  $40 on a Saturday.  Pretty good.- Near EVERYTHING we love in Vegas... very easy walking distance to everything.- Parking was somewhat close (had to go through Paris), but easy.- Room was renovated (we think?) and was more than adequate for our $40 one-night stay.- Bed was comfortable and linens were seemingly clean.- Bathroom was much larger than most "standard" hotel rooms on the strip.  And clean with lots of towels.- Ballsy has one of my favorite casinos, and connected to Paris, which also has a great casino.- Express check-out made it a whole lot easier.- Widescreen TV (not HD), but still had all the channels we liked.CONS:- Check-in took FOREVER.- On the way to Hotel Registration, was stopped by a guy trying to sell us on a hotel package.... we had just arrived and I was flu-ish and the last thing we needed was to be held up by a guy trying to sell us a bad deal.  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE get get rid of this promotion... NO ONE WILL BUY IT!!!!- Concierge says no restaurants in the hotel are open after midnight.  So when we returned to our room at 1pm and needed something eat -- whatever, as long as it's close -- our only option was heading to Paris or somewhere across the street.  Trudge, trudge, trudge.  And the cold air from the cold night was sobering.  (Ballys -- Your Sea website says they're open until 2am, but yet they closed at midnight.  Pffft.)- Bottled water at the gift shop is $5.- Wi-Fi is $14.  Cellular service on the iPad sucked.All in all, I'd probably book again, but will bring some snacks with me in the future.
3	Beware of using the room phone- the rates are outrageous and  not posted. No coffee maker so you had to seek a cafe for breakfast. Comfortable beds  with a nice view.  The check-in was about a 20 minute line, but the check-out was easy with a key drop. It is close to my favorite feature in that neighborhood- the Bellaggio Fountain.
1	Older Hotel.Uncomfortable bed.Floor/ceiling above very noisy when people are walking.Very loud toilet.  Internet not free.
1	This place does not deserve any stars. I am very disappointed with the service I received here. I have been coming here since I was a little girl and each time I come here it gets worse and worse.  The reason why I am so fed up with this place, is because my friends and I were stuck in the elevator for an hour, and when we were finally saved, the manager charged us for the maintenance and did not even bother to listen to us.  The security guy tried to tell us the cost was going to be 800 because it was a weekend. After we told him we were law students, all of a sudden the charges got dropped down to 325. Lets just say, we spoke to the lawyers we work for, and bally's is gonna regret treating us like this. OH and also.. After we checked the out, the elevator was broken again... But I don't see them charging anyone else.
1	The person at the check in counter said she was giving me a recently refurbished room, but the heater in the room was broken.  I had to wear a jacket to bed.  The font desk line was about an hour long.  It was either waste another hour standing in line, or freeze in bed.  Both bad options.
1	I was on the property for a convention during the cold snap. The Guest room thermostats LIE ,  I am a new englander and had to put on extra blankets. The meeting rooms wee so cold that most of the attendees had winter coats and heavy sweat shirts on during presentations. The hotels and its managements response was " we are doing renovations under the convention area. Odd because the heating units are on the roof of the building not the basement. 1,000 thoroughly Pissed people has got to be a record .
3	Stayed here for the first time since 2004.Pros: huge room, very clean. Big bathroom IMO. GREAT view - we had a view of Paris and also the Bellagio fountains, in the South Tower. I also got a great deal on the room through Total Rewards, we paid about $230 for 4 nights, with tax. Great customer service, no problems checking in/out.Cons: you could hear people talking/being loud in the hallway, woke me up a few times. Also could hear people watching TV in a room next door - not super loud but still could hear it.I guess I would stay here again but only if I could get the same prices - it was a great deal. I like the hotel overall but there are nicer ones in Vegas, though probably not as cheap. I stayed at the Wynn the last time I was in Vegas (2009) so perhaps that made me spoiled as well, lol.
4	To say we love Bally's is an understatement. We love staycations. LOVE them. Safer for everyone on the road because if we drink we aren't driving, and it has a perfect location in the middle of the strip. Also, NO RESORT FEE. That is a huge bonus considering Treasure Island has a $25 resort fee per day! Not going to happen!We love staying on the strip in February because the prices are great and it is the month when we have almost always had success with receiving free upgrades in every hotel we've stayed in. Every time we have come to Bally's we have gotten an upgrade to either the South or North tower. One time we stayed in a regular room as well and it was still, just fine.For my bachelorette party we stayed in a basic suite. Huge bed, wet bar, table and chair and a nice bathroom. Bed was comfy, everything was clean, nothing growing in the corner or bathrooms and no bed bugs. Score.Not a big score? The pool. That's why one star disappeared. Horrible poo, not sexy at all l, old lounge chairs, and the only thing saving it was a nice bar that has my favorite drink at a reasonable price - Tyku Sake with club soda and a squeeze of lime. Delicious!The next time I stayed at Bally's it was with my husband. Free upgrade (since we are local, a Total Rewards member and only staying for 1 night), extremely friendly service every time we checked in, and the suites are wonderful. Sure, they don't have a step down like The Venetian, but this is a slightly older casino and I could pay $150+ for a room at the Venetian or spend $37- for a suite at Bally's and use the extra money for electronic roulette, booze and the Goldfish slot machine. I have posted pictures of the executive suite on Yelp and the tub is very large and comfortable -  my husband and I fit comfortably in the spa tub (mind you, he is 6' 7"), and not going to lie, everyone looks a little better on the "her" side of the his and her bathroom because of their very flattering vanity lights! Just in case you need to, they have a bidet on one side and a toilet on the other small bathroom. Just in case.Bally's is also connected to Paris which is perfect because we love Paris and Mon Ami Gabi! Just a quick walk over and we're there! No need to go outside and I love walking through the shopping area. For the price, the quality of the rooms is wonderful and the customer service at Bally's and Total Rewards in general is more than satisfactory. I love this place!
1	Second visit to Bally's. The first was terrific but this time... awful. The bed was so uncomfortable... that ended up needing to see a Chiropractor. When I complained I was told that the beds were all the same unless I wanted to pay more. REALLY??? In this day and age, I thought all hotels had good quality beds. Probably better at a Motel 6. VERY DISAPPOINTED!
5	Most Underrated Casino/Hotel on the Vegas strip.People seriously understate the value you get out of Ballys. You are getting decent priced rooms, great location right in the middle of the strip, Vibrant casino with easy access to Paris, great room service, and did I mention that the rooms are actually very clean? Ballys has been like my home base in Vegas these last few years. For one I absolutely love the room service. You can actually build your own burger and it is soooooo good! You are in the middle of it all so if you want to go check out bellagio  you can do that. If you want to go the opposite way and check out mirage you can do that. They have live cover bands playing in the casino and they are generally pretty good. They have rapid roulette here which is cool. My only negatives. Was here in December and was so mad when they didn't have Nathans and sbarrao open downstairs....like I had my mind set on eating some Nathans lol!!  The casino isn't really loose at all, but you are on the strip mind you. If you want max play for your money then go downtown to freemont street. 5/5 for Ballys! Love this place and even when I'm not staying there, I will always go gamble there anyway.Oh and No resort feesBow chickka wow wow!!
5	Bally's really exceeded our expectations! We have been coming to Vegas for a long time and this was our first chance to stay at Bally's. We were very excited to finally try it as it is one of our favorite casinos. We had an absolute blast! The location was perfect, enabling us to spend a lot of time not only there, but at Caesar's, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and Paris, all within easy walking distance. When we arrived in town we were fortunate to find only a short line at check-in, and we had the nicest person waiting on us, who not only gave us a free upgrade since it was our first time, she waived the early check-in fee so we could get our room, unpack, and hit the Strip! Our room was a very pleasant surprise, very roomy, with a comfy king bed and a large bathroom with plenty of towels. We had a construction view, but that was OK with us, as we've been staring at that empty lot for years and are excited to see something being built there. We could still see plenty of lights and mountains too. We love to watch them change color with the sunrise! The room was always cleaned for us when we were out, no hassles there. Sad to see Sbarro's was closed, but it looks like it will be great when it's all remodeled! Thanks Bally's for providing us a great home base for our latest trip, it was one of our favorites and we'll definitely be back! Thanks for NOT charging those resort fees!
4	Wow.. I was thoroughly satisfied and pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed my stay at Ballys. First of all, we had a basic room for $40 a night. That is the cheapest I've ever paid for a nice hotel. This isn't going to be your fancy overpriced hotel, but honestly, for $40, it's worth it rather than paying $200+ a night. When you're in Vegas, you stay out most of the time. If you plan on staying indoors, I'm sure there are plenty of non casino hotels that are better for that kind of experience. Our bathroom was remodeled, study desk was a nice perk, and our sofa and bed were both petty and comfortable. Since it's connected to Paris and smack in the middle of the strip, le boyfriend and I had a lot of fun. We had up to $30 complimentary room service, which was delicious and service was great. We left our bags on our last day to go off and travel, which was really convenient. All in all, if you're planning a short stay in Vegas, or just want to save and get a hotel worth more than what you will pay, definitely stay at ballys. Thank you ballys for a great experience for my first time in Vegas.
3	I want to leave one star, but it's really not THAT bad. After reading some of the reviews I was a little nervous to stay here, but we were staying for free so I couldn't really complain. The room was actually surprisingly nice! I think we had an upgraded room, but it was HUGE!! Decently clean too. Two people. Two nights. One bath towel... Uhhhhh that's definitely not going to work. Even after calling down 3 times for extra towels, still never got them. My boyfriend made the reservation for the room, so naturally my name wasn't on the reservation. He left for the day to play in a tournament which left me to fend for myself. Upon arriving back at the room, my key didn't work!! The lady only made them for one night, even after we specifically asked to make sure they were made for both nights. So I went down to the desk to have them remade, and she wouldn't make them for me! She wrote down all my information, had security meet me upstairs (after I sat in the hallway waiting for 35 minutes) so they could let me in the room to "prove I was staying there." I mean, I get it. I could be some random person. But it's still annoying. My boyfriend and I met for dinner, and he called to have me put on the reservation so I could get a stupid key made for myself. When I went to have the key remade, my name wasn't on there! She was really rude about it too, and acted like I was such an inconvenience which made me even more annoyed.  So being the brat I am, I threw a fit. Didn't work lol. She said security would be happy to let me in the room again, but they couldn't make me a key... So I'm writing this review as I've been sitting in the hallway for over a hour waiting for them again. Hopefully I don't have to pee otherwise I'm going in the hallway!Bally's is actually a pretty decent place to stay, as long as you dont set your expectations too high. As long as you have everybody's name on the reservation you'll be fine!
4	Stayed here for the first time a few days ago. Not bad of a price, location and hotel.
4	Best value for hotel on the strip.  Smack dab in the middle of everything so hold on to your taxi money.  Some rooms have prime viewing of Bellagio fountains.  Seems nicer than similarly priced hotels and doesnt attract as many trashy people as them too.
4	75% of the time I'm in Vegas, I come here. It's sort of like a second home I guess. I know where everything is located and I hardly ever get lost here. We did a conference here and used their catering service as well. Everything was exactly what I've been expecting. This is Vegas, it has to meet or pass your expectations. I sat at a blackjack table for a bit and came up a lot then I've decided I just wanted to play for fun so I started throwing benjamins away like free sample!
2	The price wasn't bad and the location on the strip was great.  My girlfriend and I stayed in the North Tower, which was nice and it's a decent sized room.  I didn't care for their customer service.  I went to the trouble of calling to make my reservation and asking about the amenities.  I was told that they had a gym and they left out the part where it was an extra $22 a day.:P  When I inquired at the front desk about it, the manager was not helpful and impatient.I would definitely choose a different hotel next time.
2	When we checked in to Bally's for the night, the receptionist upgraded us to a suite, and we thought that was great! We went up to our room, and got a bit of a shock. It had a fancy layout, with a bathtub in the room, and huge mirrored closets, but the carpet was old and stained, and the coverings on the bed looked faded. It also had dual sinks, and a small shower. No big deal, we thought, as long as the bathroom and sheets are clean, we were fine. So, we went out ate dinner somewhere, walked the strip a bit, and then came back, and went to bed early, since we were planning to drive to California the next day. That was when we realized that the room was against the elevator shaft, and that the elevators made a LOT of noise. The next morning, my husband, decided to shower before going out for breakfast. There was no light in the shower cubicle, so he turned on the lights outside and stepped in, and almost slipped. That was when we realized that the shower floor was literally mossy - so much mold had grown in the shower that it was difficult to stand. He stepped back out and washed his feet in the tub, and, we both, decided to shower when we got to California that evening. We were pretty happy to pack up and leave that 'suite'. Bally's really needs to step up the cleaning, and do a little updating! We will not be staying there again.
2	Okay, so the room they stuck us with had an great view of Paris and the strip, even though it was not facing the Bellagio. From the room I could hear the water show at the Bellagio and every half hour it was Celine Dion and water canons erupting. For the price, we were right in the thick of the strip though. The rooms were very run down, we even had a few holes in the wall (I think where the mini fridge had been yanked from the room). The room was a nice size and very comfortable, but hadn't been updated since the late 80's. As for the casino, we didn't spend much time there. I felt that it was smokier than the other casinos we visited, and with Paris within such close walking distance, that's where we chose to donate our money. I think next time we'll spend a few more bucks and get a room somewhere else.
4	I've stayed here a few times.  Very good value and lots of good specials.The rooms are nice, neat and clean, not that hard to get to like some of the hotels.  The moving sidewalks to the strip seem to breakdown some and it does take a few to get there but it gives you a chance to think about your day. GREAT location in the middle of the strip.  nice connection to Paris that doubles the size of the gaming area.
2	I booked a north tower room and it was still too dated in my opinion. Peeling wallpaper, dirty carpets, stains on the shower curtain and bedsheets. I stayed in this hotel 6 years ago and it was great. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this one again.I had a conference here and had to pay 25/day to use internet in the conference room and my room. So my company
2	In my quest to become Elite, I am drafting my first review on Yelp.  I will be helped by the trusty toy soldier my son gave me named Captain Clarence Checkin (aka Captain Chaos).  So here we go:Pros:Checking in was pretty straight forward. From the time I arrived to the time I was in my room took about 10 minutes. Granted,  I arrived 9pm on a Monday, but I was still happy with the fast check in. When I opened the door, I was impressed by the size of the room. By far, it was the biggest hotel room I've been in without upgrading. Although I was in the north tower,  I still had a decent view of the strip. Captain Chaos took a couple of pictures by the window with a sweet view of the Bellagio fountains. The bed was nice and the bathroom was adequate. Cons:One thing I wasn't expecting was all the extra charges to stay here! When I checked in, I asked where the gym was located because I wanted to get some working out in ti maintain my masculine physique!  The front desk rep said "the gym is past the north towers and to use them requires an upgrade. "  Upgrade?!?! $22/day. Wack!  But I was OK with the fee because I heard the gym was pretty sweet. So I asked the front desk to upgrade me because I wanted to work out after I finished checking in. "Sir, the gym hours are from 6am to 6pm."  Ha. What? Excuse me? ....... That's wack!  I understand that a lot of people go to Vegas to have fun and party, but Vegas is also known for conventions.  If someone attending a convention wants to work out, it is not going to happen if you stay at Bally's. But hey, the restaurants are open all night.   The next issue was the room wifi. They actually charge $13 a day to use in room wifi. Wack!  I've been to smaller non-resort type hotels that not only offer free wifi, but give you breakfast as well!  But hey, I needed the wifi to access some files on my work's network. Btu the in room wifi has horrible connectivity!   I was constantly dealing with dropped signals and slow connection speed. Argh.Finally,  the room itself had some issues. There wasn't enough outlets by the bed so I had to charge my phones and plug in my laptop across the room. Makes it hard to do work in bed without the lap top's battery dying. Next, the wallpaper was peeling off in several locations in the room. Seemed kind of strange considering Bally's is a resort hotel.  All things considered,  Bally's room was average,  but the people who helped me were nice. The room rate was relatively low and you are right on the strip, so I think I would stay here again.  Word
4	Four dudes decided to go to Vegas. If you know the workings of Vegas, you'll also know that four dudes in Vegas equals a whole lot of spending.That's why we decided to book the cheapest rooms in a classy hotel--kind of a cheap but great value combo deal. Bally's was the perfect choice. We paid around $80 for a couple of nights, but we booked early. It is a fantastic hotel that is decked out with everything Vegas,i.e. lots of shiny things, a casino, respectable rooms, a giant slot machine, etc...Best of all, it is directly linked to "Paris" and thus offers tons of choices for dinner, shopping, and excessive gambling. It also served as a great home-base in the middle of the strip to visit the best bars, clubs, casinos, and the like.I'd go here again for sure.-----Distinguishing factor: Best price/value combo in Vegas. Four-star hotel that could not be better placed in the strip. Did I mention they have a giant 10-foot slot machine?
1	Booked my reservations through Southwest.com. Upon arrival found that if I wanted a nonsmoking room that was not by the elevator it was going to cost $20.00 more a night.  The only reason I booked Bally's was because we had stayed there years ago & it was totally different. No refrigerator or coffee maker.  The sheets were scratchy. The room was old but clean. At checkout the lady at the desk was yelling at the customer in front of me & almost came across the counter at him. I won't be back because there are other hotels.
1	I am presently staying at Bally's for a conference and having a very subpar experience with the staff. My check-in was easy but every other experience with the staff has been frustrating and poor.I had a wake-up call set for my conference (at which I also am sitting for an exam for certification) that was never made this morning, so I definitely do not recommend relying on the wake-up call. I was late for my exam and the whole purpose of my (very expensive) trip could have been ruined. When I called this afternoon to ask why I didn't receive the call, I was told that the call was made, even though it definitely was not. After my conference this afternoon I wanted to go to the gym, but there are no signs or maps in the hotel room to show where it is. So I called the front desk and sat on hold for over 10 minutes for someone to simply pick up so that I could ask where the gym is. I was so annoyed with the wait time and with my wake-up call experience this morning that I asked to speak with a manager. A manager named Sunquat (not sure of spelling) answered and I explained my experiences. He quickly apologized and gave me directions to the gym, thanked me, and hung up. I dressed for the gym and walked down to the area that he described and saw no signs for a gym. I asked an employee at the spa where the gym is and she said it is within the spa but it was closed, it closes at 6pm! The manager made no note of this on the phone! I went (in person) to the front desk and requested the manager. Sunquat came to speak with me and said, "you just asked where the gym was, I didn't know you were going now." I expressed my frustration, he apologized but seemed less than sympathetic. He also told me that he spoke with the wake-up call dept who told him that any unanswered wake up call gets a knock on the door from security (that definitely did not happen, either). "For my troubles", he gave me a $25 food and beverage credit to my room (which will cover about a ham sandwich and a diet coke in this place). I have also learned by reading the other reviews on yelp here that the gym is not free/included!? This was also definitely not mentioned by the manager!!I will be discussing these issues with the administrators of my conference and highly recommending that they find a new location for our conference next year, otherwise I will not be attending.I cannot help but think that if I were a man in an expensive suit, instead of a young woman in workout clothes, that I would have been taken more seriously. I am giving 1 star for the size of the room (in the north tower), although the wallpaper is peeling off the walls, and there are no outlets near the bed to charge my electronics.
1	Terrible stay. Came here through total rewards promotion.checked in and went to bingo promotion in ballroom only to be told I wasn't registered, yet I had booked online through total rewards? Took me an hour to get straightened out. First was told I could not participate even though I booked 2 weeks prior. Ordered chicken wings at tequila bar got chicken fingers?  Terrible stay ,1 lamp didn't have a bulb in it ?
3	Location Location Location!  We spent very little time in the rooms, so I don't have much to complain about as we were there for March Madness.  You can easily access other casinos which have a better vibe if you are looking for that.  Paris and Planet Hollywood are within 10 minutes.  The sportsbook could use a makeover and there is no buffet in the hotel.  The ceilings are low and my friend referred to the hotel as "Smoke Ballys" but to tell you the truth, I think they all stink the same.  Fast checkin and housekeeping was good.  The showers lacked a lot of pressure but I got over that pretty quickly.  The pool leaves something to be desired, but the Cabanas are HUGE if you want to rent one.  Overall not a bad place for the value, it just lacks the SHINE of the newer properties.
1	mold in the bathtub, smell of mold. horrible place. I would rather stay in my car next time.
4	Went for St. Patrick's Day weekend on a special to Bally's. Did early check in for $28. We were given the North Tower Rm 2213. Room was large and clean. Beds comfortable. View was nice and bathroom was also clean and served its purpose. Even though it was a smoking room it didn't smell of smoke. Staff was great and friendly. Room held up to 6 people. No troubles at all. Going back in June, for three more nights.
4	I stayed here a few weeks ago when my friend was getting married at Planet Hollywood. We chose Bally's because it was a) reasonably priced and b) connected to Paris, which is next door to Planet Hollywood. We checked in and the front desk employee asked us if we would like to upgrade to a suite for $25 a night. Was going to pass, but he told us it had a Jacuzzi, steam shower thing-y (clearly I was listening intently), more space, etc. We figured for 2 nights, why not, that's nothing split between 2 people. I am SO glad we did! I can't speak for the non-suites, but I LOVED this room. Walked in to a long hallway, huge bed, sunken Jacuzzi, big vanity on one side of the bathroom, etc. It was sooo worth the upgrade. Our key was a sonovabeeetch at first but it just took a little fiddling with to figure out the system's quirks. If you stay here and they have a decent rate on suites, go for it! Our room was in the South Tower, which is the BEST area of the hotel to stay in for convenience's sake - if you look, there are other rooms that are wayyy further back. Let's be honest, nobody wants to be that drunk beezy stumbling an extra mile in heels at 5 AM (and this, ladies and gentlemen, is why I wear flats in Las Vegas).
4	I stayed for three nights in a North Tower Deluxe room on a smoking floor with a King Size bed, starting the day after St. Patrick's Day, and I have to say, I really enjoyed this hotel. My man and I are Total Rewards members, and we like to do a little gambling. We were originally slated to stay across the street to the north at Flamingo, but the guy on the phone was new or something and never actually entered our reservation... hence how we ended up at Bally's. The only problem we had the entire stay was at check-in when we were told we would have to pay a mandatory $18/night resort fee, which would entitle us to the use of internet and the gym. (Neither of which we had any intention of using, by the way.) This is apparently a new policy. I relented and paid the ridiculous fee plus tax, but my man put up a bit of a fight because he was told over the phone that the fee would be waived for us. It took about four hours and them actually going back and listening to the phone call where he made the reservation... but we came back to the room that night to a voice message from the front desk saying that we were in fact correct - it had been waived - and we could pick up our cash deposit anytime. Interesting start to our stay, but I will say, it was resolved in a timely and complimentary manner.The room itself was incredibly large, to the point where I thought there really should be more furniture in there to fill up the space. Perhaps a bigger couch and a fridge, guys? The room looked fairly updated and was quite clean, despite it being on a smoking floor. The smell was never really an issue either. The bathroom was nice, we never needed housekeeping, and my only complaint was that the toilet flushed TERRIBLY loud.I really love the location of this hotel on the strip, and I also love that it's connected to Paris. This part of the strip is my favorite, because it is just steps away from Planet Hollywood, which is also a favorite place of ours for gambling, and houses my favorite restaurant, Koi. Bally's also has easy access to everything fun, including my favorite Vegas destination across the street: Caesar's Palace. It was a bit of a hike from the parking structure to our room, but I didn't mind the walk. We had a great time at the casino, winning and then ultimately losing all our money at Blackjack. Drink service was pretty good and consistent in the casino as well. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants here, and it was too cold to use the pool. Next time!
3	Great room, small casino area, no free wifi, all around ok
2	I originally booked my stay in Vegas here at Ballys.  After check in I went to the room and I couldn't believe the bad odor of cigarette smoke.  I called the frond desk and they seemed put out that I wanted a different room.  After waiting two hours I told them that I was canceling my stay and decided to go to a different hotel Casino.
5	Stayed in a non smoking room in the south tower for 3 nights. Not 2 shabby. My room was clean smelled great. That along with a clean non questionable bathroom made the stay pleasant. The cleaners did a great job, all my bathroom supplies where changed n restocked every day. Def not bad for well under $100 a night. Left me extra $ 2 blow on random vegas necessities like booze!
4	I stayed here this past weekend.  It is on the main strip so very convenient.  I will definitely stay here again.
5	Chose this hotel based on location.  Check in was quick but I was early around 2 pm.  Dennis was very friendly.  upgraded me for ten dollars to the north tower.  I knew the south had a better view but the north is quieter.  Got a nice big room with a good view, not of the strip but it wasnt looking into a  wall.  Safe didnt work so I called ithe front desk.  They sent up a security officer and he couldnt fix it and it would be tomarrow so I called the desk and Rita upgraded me to a suite and was very apologetic.  I got an awesome room and I would have been happy just getting another standard room.  There is some evedince of this room being partied in but it is vegas.  Its very clean and has a coffe maker the other rooms dont.  Didnt have to wait long at all for the desk to correct the issues.  I wasnt bothered by anyone sellling time shares when I got here.  Awesome hotel, great location.
1	Problems:1. Made a reservation for 2 queen beds, and when we got there they said there weren't any more available, so we would have to stay in a room with 1 king and a roll-away. what??? what was the point of a reservation?!2. Customer service sucks...there were only about 5 parties in front of us and it took 30-45 mins for us to even be able to check in with 5 people working the front desk (probably because everyone else was complaining about their own crappy situation)3. Valet not available - i'm no stranger to doing valet at a hotel i'm not staying at but shouldn't you reserve at least a few for the actual guests staying here?Perks:1. the ONLY and most obvious one, location.I know they say you get what you pay for, but i've stayed at the Flamingo for way cheaper and have gotten MUCH better service, even with the lines being longThank goodness for weekends with your friends where you can forget about your horrible hotel experience with BOOZE, and more BOOZE.
4	For the price, this is truly a great hotel. I mean, the rooms are spacious, the hotel and casino seems safe (no lurkers), the price is right, what more can you ask for?We have stayed here a hand full of times, and have even gotten free upgrades to "suite" status at least two times. The suite was pretty nice, it had two of everything in it (bathrooms, tubs, sinks). and lots of space. We also get good deals, because of the Rewards Card. No complaints, really.
4	Not sure what people expect when staying here, for what you pay it's an incredible value. The hotel is older and the casino is not exactly classy, but the rooms are clean, spacious, and very reasonable. We pulled off $40 a night in January when we came here and for where it is located on the strip, it can't be beat. Also was impressed with free parking in a garage. They have cheap tables ($5 minimum) during the day which is good if you just want to drink and kill some time. If you want to go out at night, they are close enough to all of the major night spots on the strip that you don't have to cab everywhere. I'd definitely recommend if you want to save your lodging money for other things in Vegas.
4	Bally's!!! Love your massive rooms! I can roll around on the floor! Totally cool!
4	I love staying at Bally's the rooms are priced fairly for what you get if you stay in the North tower. That just happens to be the tower I prefer. I have honestly never stayed in the other tower. The employees are nice as well only thing I do not like is they now charge to check in early. :(
2	I just returned from a stay for four nights celebrating my birthday. It had been years since I stayed at Bally's and they are certainly showing their age. First thing I noticed upon arrival is the stench of cigarette smoke from the casino. Yes, I know smoking is allowed but upon entering Caesars and Wynn, it smells like flowers and sunshine. Alas, I know I'm not paying Wynn money to stay here so moving on.The line to check in was in fact extra long. The front desk staff are in no hurry to get to you. We were given a room in the South Tower with stunning views of Paris and half of the Bellagio fountain. Gorgeous at night. The rooms are larger than average but dated. Terrible scuffs on the furniture, dingy carpet, just extremely dated. Not that we're there for the room ambiance but do better.I would have overlooked it all had I not had a bed spread (won't call the thin blanket a comforter) with a spot of blood on it. A call to housekeeping had the situation remedied quickly. When our toilet flooded all over the floor, maintenance came right away to fix that as well. Again, we just pushed on. In the South Tower, you will also hear every single noise below, to the side and above. At times it was like we had a ghost in our room with all the random noises. One morning we were rudely woken up by repetitive banging like someone was bouncing a basketball. Walls are extremely thin. Bring earplugs!All that being said, all of the staff I encountered here was very friendly and helpful. We gambled a bit here on the slots and my mother won a modest amount.We ate in three restaurants (Tequila Bar, Sidewalk Cafe, and Sterling Brunch at Steakhouse). I will review Steakhouse separately because it deserves it. But Tequila and Sidewalk were good options for a quick bite. I had breakfast foods at both places and the food was good and plentiful. Drinks at Tequila Bar was pretty good.Essentially, Bally's is a decent option for those that are on a budget or would rather spend their money eating or feeding the machines. We personally had the room from hell but I'm sure that wasn't everyone's experience. If I returned, not sure I would stay here. Would likely pony up the money to stay elsewhere.Update: I posted my review on Twitter and was contacted by customer service and ultimately offered a room upgrade next time I went. Thanks, but no thanks since I have no intention of staying there again!
3	North tower had good size rooms.  Pretty good value, was like 150 a guy for 3 nights, 2 in a rooms.  Casino was pretty small.  Good location to hit all the majors within short walking distance.  Didn't eat one bite here....the Paris breakfast buffet was awsome.  30 bucks w/ bottomless champage.  Bottom line:  decent value, big rooms, great location.  But I would rather pay a few extra $ and stay at Planet Hollywood.
3	Bally's is just a basic hotel but in a very good location and the price is very cheap.  If you are price conscience, stay here, but just expect to always walk to nearby hotels for beautiful scenery, shopping, etc.  If it were a special occasion or I'm showing someone Vegas, I would not go to Ballys.  If it was for myself, I'd stay here.Pros- Location - right in the middle of the strip, across from Bellagio, walkable to forum shops, walkable to anywhere, it's in the middle.- Price - Sign up for a Total Rewards card and you can get free nights during weekdays and cheap rates for weekends (~$70)- Lower limits - Relatively lower limits, it's $5 usually until about 8pm then it goes to $10-15- Free Shuttle to Rio - Feeling a Seafood Buffet? There is a free shuttle to Rio- Hotel Staff - Extremely Extremely friendly front desk.  Ashlyn at the front desk made every statement like a slot machine winCons- Security - There is no guard to make sure you have a room key to get up to your room.  I had prostitutes approach me in my hotel room hallway and I also saw a guy trying a room key on every door.  I guess he must've found it on the floor.  Good luck trying every room in the hotel.  I got at least two pizza togo flyers shoved under the door.  Again, if there was security, this wouldn't have happened.- Phone Connectivity - My AT&T LTE suffered a lot here.  It just didn't work.  I couldn't check email or chat in the casino.  In the hotel room, it worked.- Internet Speed - You pay $13.99/day and the internet is HORRIBLE.  We're talking pages that don't load and youtube video that stops loading.  Speedtest shows 2.68mbps download / 0.36 upload (at least when it's working)- Hotel Noise - Yes, you can hear loud people walking through the hall and you can hear people in their rooms, but I didn't have problems with people waking me up in the morning- Homeless People - Yes, there are homeless people on the side of the entry.- Patrons - These are people staying in Vegas at a budget.  People are usually dressed in polo shirts or regular sweaters and it kind of takes away from the Vegas image- Bar - Usually you play a card game at the bar and they give you the drinks on tip.  Ballys does not.  You pay for your drinks.  Some guy was confused when he gave $1 and the worker said "we don't accept tips."  It's because they want you to pay $6 for the beers.- Front Desk is unavailable - I'm being picky here, but I called twice to front desk from my room, once on a Tuesday and once on a Saturday morning, both times I had to wait for someone to become available.Other Notes- Rooms - You can't compare these to Wynn or Venetian or Cosmo, etc.  The rooms work just fine.  Yes, you can hear loud people in the hallway and they can hear you "talking" if you know what I meanTip- Try asking for an upgrade for the room.  I just asked nicely and they bumped me up to North Towers
4	From the outside you might see a tired appearance of a once mighty hotel/casino in the middle of the Las Vegas strip.On the inside, you'll find a comfortable and reasonably priced resort.  I stayed here during a recent business trip in a renovated North Tower room.  It featured a flat screen TV, fridge, and a nice clean bathroom.  The bed was comfortable, the room temperature was comfortable, and I was very pleased with the accommodations.  From what I gather, the South Tower rooms, while cheaper, are not as nice as the North Tower rooms.  Every morning while walking to the elevators the cleaning staff would great me with an unsolicited "Have a great day!" or a "Good morning!"  That's a nice touch.For meals, you have a few options. A cheap breakfast on the strip can be hard to find.  At Bally's for about $15/person you can get a solid breakfast buffet and a cup of coffee. Maybe it was because I was there for a convention, but expect lines if you're not there by 8AM.I didn't really sample the rest of the restaurants, save for the Mexican place late on a Saturday night.  It was packed, and the service was a tad slow, but that was expected.  The food was reasonably priced, and while not stellar, satisfied my weary traveler empty stomach.Bally's is a short walk to the monorail, and from there it's a short ride to the Convention Center or any other place on the strip you'd like to go.  Fares are reasonable and better than walking or driving.Overall I was pleased with my stay, and I look forward to coming back.
1	Check In Disaster-45 minute wait in line with 3 clerks and 50 people waiting in line to check in.  While waiting we saw countless reservation clerks peeking out from the back room looking at the line, but not offering to help. The three clerks that were there either took their time or never told people to advance to be helped.   Finally, the people in line demanded to see the manager and told him off.  This pathetic person offered no apologies or explanations as to his "out to lunch" staff.  Room so-so, initial check in was such a disaster we will never return.  Too many other places to choose from who truly want our business.
4	We stayed in the secret suites. Essentially, it is two connecting rooms but one of the rooms is a two room suite, so we had 3 rooms. It was a master room with a jacuzzi, king bed and a full bathroom, then a living room with a sofa pull out (and bathroom), and then regular room with two full sized beds (and another bathroom). The rooms weren't updated, but they were nice. They had the sheet comforters (the kind where the blanket that touches your face is washed every time a new guest stays the night). Ballys location is perfect too- right in the middle of the strip. I'm not sure how much we paid for our suite, but we comfortably fit 10 people (and that's with only 2 people in the master suite).The pool was great too. There were plenty of seats and the pool was fun- low key, with small groups of people and not too wild. There was a dj at the pool too. Here are my critiques about the pool though- we had a cabana and reservations were a nightmare. My sister confirmed the cabana multiple times on the phone and in person when she got there on Friday. On Saturday morning, they "lost" the reservation again and we were bumped to another cabana, so definitely get there early. The pool servers include gratuity on their checks- just be aware so you don't double tip. And there are two food menus- don't order off the pool menu- my husband ordered chicken quinoa (because everything else was sold out at 11:30 am), and there was no chicken. However, if you order the room service menu, then you have to pay a $5 delivery fee for the first item (and it goes up depending on what you order) on top of gratuity (which isn't really worth it when you don't order a lot). Instead, grab lunch at Nosh inside the casino.
3	Not the best hotel for someone who needs to be away from smoke. The casino seems to be all smoking.
3	Bally's is exactly what you expect it to be. It's not fabulous but it's a clean (for the most part) place to sleep and it's located in the center of the Strip (super convenient). We stayed in the North Tower after all the reviews said it was the more upgraded one. I really don't wanna know what the South Tower looks like if what we got was the upgraded version. One good thing though is that it's pretty quiet at night (I don't see how it could be at 99% capacity because I never saw a single person on my floor the entire weekend). No groups of people walking by your room all drunk and loud. Also, Bally's is connected to Paris so if you're headed toward Planet Hollywood/Cosmo, you can cut through there and avoid the heat outside. We ended up walking through Paris hotel more than Bally's itself ha. It's definitely one of the cheaper options on the Strip so if you don't really care for the swanky hotels, just stay here. You can spend that extra money gambling it away at the craps table.
3	-Great for the price, and right in the middle of the strip. -$13 All-You-Can-Eat breakfast at the cafe. Long line, though. Very cheap compared to others.-$2 margaritas, tequila shots, and burritos during happy hour, right next door to the cafe. Great for those on a budget.I've stayed here, twice, and both times gave me a wonderful experience. I'm not picky when it comes to appearances, but if that's your thing then you might be a bit disappointed; a few vomit stains, cracks in the paint, etc. Nothing new to a hotel that's been around for a while.My friends and I checked in on a Thursday afternoon and the line was terrible. We waited for almost an hour, and despite the dozens of impatient, rude people, the staff did their best to remain open and helpful.The smoke in the casino seemed heavier than the other hotels, even when you're just walking through. Very friendly staff working the tables, though. There's a smoothie stand called "Evening Call" downstairs in the casino, while on your way to Paris. $12 for a decently-sized cup that you can bring back and refill for $8. I loved it.All in all, not a bad place to stay.
4	Pound for pound this is the best bang for buck on the strip!  I stay here often because it is centrally located to everything I want to do, and there are shuttles running to Rio where I play a lot of poker.  The Casino itself is pretty nice, but feels small to me for some reason.  I haven't really had the chance to gamble too much here, but I hope to later down the road.  The Rooms:They aren't the newest on the block.  The rooms I have had were ok, but showed serious signs of age.  The bathrooms were especially non-elegant.  One time I had an ok view from my room, and the other times the views were pretty terrible.  I have stayed in both the smoking and non-smoking rooms.  I like that getting to the rooms is relatively easy, and that you don't have to go through a maze to get to the elevators like in other casinos.  The Food:The local food vendors are not that great.  I have tried a few of them, and they are just "ok."  The Tequila bar is a place I frequent often due to their late hours of operation--very useful!Will I return?  Absolutely!  I hope you check them out too.  Enjoy!
4	Bally's Hotel really has me coming back for more. It is really our go-to place to stay when we visit Las Vegas. This is an ideal center Strip hotel if you plan on checking out all the local hotels, casinos, restaurants, and shows. No need for a cab. However, they do have a free shuttle that will taxi you to Rio. With location in mind, it is definitely not one of the newer, luxury hotels. It isn't even modernized with upgrades to this centuries decor or amenities. It is a very plain hotel. BUT!, it is always well maintained and pretty clean for the most part. Hotel registration and check-in has always been painless for us. Maybe 15 minute max wait whenever we stay here. Keep in mind, that when everyone decides to check-in all at once, it's going to take a while. Play the numbers right, and don't check in when it's too busy! Go grab a bite. We always plan ahead, always have your ID, credit card ready, and be nice to the front desk clerk! You may even get a nice upgrade. We usually do.The pool and the atmosphere is also a nice amenity for us. It is a very basic pool  and deck. Mostly sun, some shade. The scene is never obnoxious and usually more mature. A plus for us. Service is usually pretty good. The only negative I must note is that the lounges probably should be replaced or repaired. I'd say about 10% of them had a strap or two busted off or were very worn. The attendants were passive with not checking for room cards and even outside food and drink that so many patrons bring in. I assume they are aware of this practice and really don't enforce the "rule" since the crowd is pretty tame. Another plus for us. Usually a bucket of beers on ice (five, one pint aluminum brews) will throw you back $35.As I mentioned, we usually have an upgrade to a North Tower Suite. Just like the hotel lobby and grounds, the rooms are also pretty basic, lacking amenities other luxury hotels boast. Not a big deal for us. As long as we have a nice bed and shower for a few nights. Not going to huff over an iPod dock and roman shades with a remote. When we want those things we will stay and pay somewhere else. We always enjoy the walkway from Bally's to Paris. Always air conditioned and scenic! Save the heat and traffic from the walk outside for the night time. Always a good crowd outside Bally's on the boulevard during the night. Really a good hotel for your buck! Please continue to be nice to us Bally's and please be nice to Bally's!
1	Terrible.  Just terrible.- Our "suite" was old, outdated, and dirty.  Carpet faded, stained, pulling up in the middle.  Popcorn ceiling falling down in places.  Shower head and knob falling out of the wall.  Worn and frayed chairs.  Furniture at least 25 years old.- Found a used tampon applicator in the bathroom upon check-in.  Took an hour and two phone calls to maintenance/housekeeping for a housekeeping manager and housekeeper to come check out the situation.  Had to explicitly ask them to sanitize all surfaces (some of which had water stains that would have obviously come up had they been cleaned properly the first time).  Had to ask a second time when the housekeeper tried to leave after removing the tampon and sanitizing the bathroom- SMOKY casino.  My allergies and asthma were terrible!  (I know casinos are smoky, but this is like the inside of a cigarette.)- Valet will sometimes turn you away at night and tell you to go park under the Paris if you aren't "Platinum" status.  - Long lines at front desk.Location is fantastic and gym is nice.  Pool is fine.
1	Old School Cool???Well, if you're version of "old school cool" translates to "run down, dilapidated, and unclean", then Bally's is the Vegas experience you've been waiting your entire lives for!Upon exiting the elevator onto Floor 55 of the South Tower, I was greeted with a 60's vintage stale smoke aroma. (I've heard rumors that casinos pump oxygen in to keep you awake, but pipelining 5 decade old smoke smell? What an authentic touch!) This delectable odor is accented with worn, stained carpet that I can only assume is from the same era as the smoke smell. When I arrived in my room, I was amazed to find the stale smoke smell morphed into more of a pleasing 70's mildew scent; another classy touch of  "old school". The furniture was a mish-mash of my grandma's guest room dresser, my old college dining table, and my mother's push button lamps circa 1985. However, despite all these dated decorative marvels, the beds were somewhat modern and comfortable. The walls were a lovely blend of mauve colored wall paper, highlighted by cracks, stains, and peeled areas, thus completing the motif.In my humble opinion, the real standout here was the bathroom! If I was wondering where that mildew smell came from, well I found it! It was strategically placed in the rails of the shower door and a little of the grout. Not to mention that, upon seeing the shower, I began wondering if my grandma was secretly their decorator! That shower was identical to the one in her hallway bathroom - minus the uncleanly nature. The three sided mirror was covered in spots, as though it were a collage of previous occupant's dental hygiene, and I later discovered that the bulk of the mildew was sneakily placed under the rim of the sink. (I don't know if this is a special touch they add in all rooms, or if it was just for me; but I, and my toothbrush, were happy to draw in the microscopic mold spores with every brush of my teeth.) Lastly, the coup de gras, pubic hair on the floor adorning the base of the water throne! This hotel really goes above and beyond!In closing, all kidding aside, this really was a mixed bag for me. I have always been a fan of Bally's as a casino and really enjoy gambling there. The hotel's location on the strip is perfect, and staff is always pleasant and polite.. However, this place needs a massive overhaul to remain a viable as a hotel, especially at the rate I paid. I won't be staying there again, nor would I ever recommend it to others.***EDITAfter reading some of the other reviews, I want to add a few other things that I noticed as well.The check in line is miserably slow! It might be advantageous to employ more than 2 people to handle peak check in time. However, the staff is quite friendly.Walkways didn't work and were absolutely filthy! Simply disgusting appearance and a shameful blight on The Strip.I smoke, but the stale stench throughout the place is very bothersome. Not just on the hotel floors as I mentioned earlier.Rooms are very large, but if that is a positive, it is severely discounted by all the other negatives listed above.Noise was not an issue for me, but the mattresses are concrete firm and didn't do my back any favors. Still, I slept decently, save for my fear that I would acquire scabies from the linens.I have the price listed as "Moderate". However, it's way overpriced for the level of accommodations.
5	Great place to stay. Cheap and nice. Great location. Nice quite pool area . Good 2$ tacos
1	We have visited Bally's many times over the last 40 years.  It is definitely time to tear this one down and start over.  Other than a perfect location there is nothing to recommend it.  Rooms are old and run down, breakfast buffet for 11.95 did not include coffee of juice and consisted of one very short line of nothing really special.  So $32.00 later I would recommend just getting a bagel.  The on line check out did not work so I could not view my bill without standing in line again with all the people who were checking in when I am checking out.  I am having to call and fight to get one because my charges don't look right at all.  They charge $3.00 per day for use of the in-room safe of you can believe it.  Was told the daily resort fee included the Internet connection but the instructions were so bad I had to go to the front desk for an explanation.  By that time I didn't really need it I just waited until I got outside to use my phone.  The resort fee is a joke because the Spa is so far away from the South Tower who on earth would want to wander through the Casino to get there.  I know everyone charges one so why don't they just include it as part of the cost of the room I ask?  The dealers were mostly friendly but blackjack games were somewhat limited and the show was good but there are much, much better hotels there for not so much more money.  My husband and I really stayed for the tennis courts but next time we will stay at Caesars and walk across the street.  Unless you are just young kids out to drink with your buddies and don't care I recommend you pass on this one.
1	This review is not based on a stay here at the hotel.Came here for our annual conference. We had our banquet upstairs and it was the most blandest food I've ever tasted.  The woman refilling the chafing dish seemed annoyed that we were waiting for food, the waiters did not fill up your cups with water, my husband had to go find the water pitcher and bring it over to fill up my water. We had coffee cups and they served dessert with no coffee. I asked for coffee once I found a waiter and he disappeared! So I ate dessert with no coffee, went down the street and got McDonalds coffee. Sad....
4	I stayed in a no frills type of room but still had the comfort I wanted on vacation. The beds were super comfortable.- On The Strip- Can walk straight into the Paris Hotel without going outside - Pool access Can't really ask for more, for the price.
1	BEWARE. They hire thieves!!! My cell phone (new iPhone 5) was turned-in to Security/lost and found, by a staff member(he told me himself). When I went to pick-it-up, I was only given the case.  The young security guy at the desk was suspiciously eager to find-out who my cell provider was. The security girl talking to him, when I arrived, was acting weird too. She hurried to the back, as soon as she heard me ask for the phone, and never came back.  If someone else had stolen my phone, they wouldn't  sit there and waste time removing the (hard-to-come-of) case. They would've just put it in their pocket or something.  This happened in January of this year. There was an ongoing investigation, and I therefore refrained from writing a review, until now. NOTHING was solved. The incompetent investigator couldn't discern anything based on the tape! I'm still irate by the whole issue (this was a special Xmas gift I got from my boyfriend).  They have lost a great customer; I visit Vegas at least 7 Times a year and always with a big group. Only stayed at Ballys or Paris. We normally book 5 or more rooms! NOT ANYMORE!! MONTE CARLO it is, from now on. My cousin's friend had booked 10 rooms for a bachelorette get-away in April, but quickly cancelled after I told her about this incident. They got rooms at Caesars Palace, instead.
3	Ballys, listen to me, you need to upgrade that ass. My family and I rented 4 rooms in the north tower and were disappointed by a number of things. First off, there was trash in our room when we checked in, our "suite" was equipped with a Murphy bed and stained chairs, the a/c could not be controlled, there was only wi-fi for one device, and we had to get new keys made 3 times.  Come on now, Ballys, this is Vegas, the place where regular folk go to feel like they're somebody.  Instead, you had me and my family feeling like we were slumming it at Motel 6.
2	If you are looking for cheap and accessible. This is it. Don't expect a whole lot. It's a hotel for cheapsters, so you will get what you expect. It isn't terrible, but it isn't wonderful either. The pool was descent and we went 2 times. The location is great- right on the strip, monorail station inside.
2	Do NOT stay in the south tower!  Rooms 6008-6016 were admitted to us by the FACILITY ENGINEER to be "problem rooms" We were knowingly room that sounds like it has a thunderstorm going on 24/7.  Plus a foghorn type sound was going off in our room throughout the night and the AC was was dripping water throughout the night. Nobody got any sleep.  The only reason we gave it a two instead of a one star review is because we wound up getting both rooms we booked comped.  Mind you, this happened after nearly an hour of arguing with the manager on duty, Melissa, who was extremely rude to us.  She only comped us after we asked her to write her name and extension number underneath HER managers name and extension number so we could further complain the following day (when her manager would be on duty).
4	I actually enjoyed my 6 day stay here for EDC. I thought because it was one of the older hotels that it wouldn't look nice, but I was wrong. Its very clean and didn't look old at all. We paid for 3 days and the other days were comped. Very cheap and ok looking place to stay at!We chose the room with two queen beds, which was nice, spacious, and clean looking. Big one bathroom, but only one person can be in there at a time since there's only one door to lock. Nice big closet mirror. and extra mirror on wall above makeup table. There was another bigger table with two chairs, a small couch, and tv.No fridge and you got to pay $3 to use safe per day. Housekeeping was really good. When we asked for housekeeping, they came and finished within an hour while we went to eat. We had to check out by 12 and that was late checkout.
3	I enjoyed this place, it's not ultra deluxe top of the line, but it'll do for being on the strip and being close to all the other casinos.  It really pays to be nice and courteous to the folks who check you in, joke with them, because I think if they like you, they'll hook you up with a nice room.  I felt like they took care of us, gave us a decent suite.  It was fine, didn't hear any neighbors screaming or partying, no dogs barking at night, nothing too rough and we were able to sleep well.  The pool was decent, finding out what all you can get when you book a room in Vegas.  Think this and The Flamingo are the budget casinos for this area of the strip.  Room was in good condition, a little hanging wallpaper, but big whoop on that.  Some of the things I didn't like, I can't blame on Bally's, it's just the fact that Vegas is going to nickel and dime you to death and gauge you at every possible opportunity.  Vegas reminded me of kinda being trapped in a large airport lounge.  Expect everything to be marked up out the wazoo.  Then of course, that old "resort fee" which is an additional charge or tax, call it what you will but I'm sure all the casinos colluded to bring this about.  I didn't like not being able to have an internet connection without paying 20 bucks. Printing out boarding passes cost five bucks for like 11 minutes.  I think we were in room 2376, the view was looking straight over at the Hilton.  Location was nice as others have mentioned, walk across to the Bellagio, The Cosmopolitan, Aria, Paris, The Flamingo is right next door.  There was a decent little bar downstairs that sold small margaritas and 16 oz. beers for two bucks, not bad.  The Casino was nothing to write home about, seemed small and rather pedestrian to me.  All in all, pretty pleased with the room and the price and the experience.  Didn't have any problems at all, would certainly consider staying here again.
5	We booked a room for $80.00 dollars on hotels.com. When we went to Bally's front counter on July 4th the person at the counter gave us an upgrade without reason. Our room had a giant hot tub, 2 bathrooms, a living room, and a California king bed. Bally's even provided us with a free meal due to the inconvenience of maintenance in our room that only took 15 minutes. My stay here was great and the Blu Pool was amazing.
4	This hotel offers very good rates and a very good location. The rooms are in pretty decent shape and without me having to play the 'tip front desk' game I've always gotten a nice room (even though my status with Total Rewards is 'Dirt(tm)').  A lot of rooms also have a view of the Bellagio fountains without the Bellagio price. It's unfortunate that they now started charging a resort fee, which does include Internet, but just for one device. Who know only has one device for Internet? I know i don't. A prop tip, if you have a laptop you can download an app called Connectify for free, plug your laptop into the wired connection into the room, and then share out the internet to all your other devices. Internet speeds were decent. Maybe I got lucky the few times I've been there but the rooms have had flat TVs and comfortable beds both times I've been there, and for the net of around $60 per night and being able to walk to everything on the strip, I will stay here again.
2	We stayed here July 9, 2013 for one night. The reservation was made through a popular Internet travel site. The clerk couldn't find the reservation even when using the confirmation. He finally found it and sent us up to our room, which initially looked nice. We found a DIRTY q-tip in the bathroom trash, hair in the tub, and tons of hand prints all over the windows. While those aren't totally disgusting, it made us concerned about how well the rest of the room and bathroom had been cleaned or sanitized. We couldn't connect to the Internet that we pay for with the resort fee regardless of the combination of possible log-in names.  We called for assistance about places to eat in the hotel and "coupon" we were presented at checkin. The "coupon" was only an advertisement according to the guy who was off-site and had no clue about anything we were asking about restaurants, even though we called the 'restaurant' line on the room phone.  The next morning, I tried turning on the TV but the remote didn't work, after playing with batteries for a bit, it worked. I tried to check out & low and behold, two other people's names appeared as the registered guests in my room and I was able to view their folios. We didn't know either of the people who were listed on the room. We couldn't check out on the tv and get a copy of the bill and didn't have time to wait in the checkout lines to get a copy. To top it off, while trying to nap before checking out, housekeeping ignored the 'do not disturb sign' and tried to enter without knocking.  Luckily the door was secured- but it startled us enough to get us up to leave.Seeing how poorly this place is run and monitored, I would not return and advise people who care about cleanliness, responsibility, and hospitality to avoid Bally's.  Severely disappointed and disgusted when we think of the whole experience.
2	The best part of this place is the location. Actually it's the only thing it has going for it. I stayed in both towers. The south tower is dilapidated and stuck in the 60's. The north tower was renovated in the 90's and is starting to show it.  My 800 sq ft suite in the south tower was too spacious for the AC that had a locked thermostat. I wanted to lay the matress in front of the AC vent so I could sleep at night. The fridge that I requested couldn't keep a soda cold enough. I actually filled a clean trash bag with ice and used that instead. The carpet in the room and the hallway was coming loose. The shower smelled like decomposing iron. I thought it was the water itself but the sink and bathtub did not have the same smell. Once I threw a wet towel over the drain of the shower, the smell subsided. The room for the bidet (eew who would use one in a Vegas hotel anyway) had wallpaper purposely peeled back and there were holes in the wall. It looked like maintenance started to work on it but did not finish. There was a leak from the ceiling on the casino floor near the elevators of the south tower. How often does it rain in Vegas?  The moving walkways leading into Bally's never worked the entire week we stayed there.
3	Really great food and housekeeping staff and room service staff and IT dept. Everything else is "meh"Only stayed here cause the rooms were free and when we got there at 11 at night after our flight was delayed, the front desk girl told me that even though I reserved a smoking 2 bed room, they gave away all the 2 bed rooms so they were giving me a 1 bed room and a roll away and we could switch rooms the next day. So we still had to be out by check out time the next morning so we could switch rooms and thankfully there was a 2 bedroom ready. Really shitty start for a vacation with all the hassle and attitude they gave us. When I pointed out that I had reserved a 2 bedroom room the chick at the desk told me that reservations are merely a "suggestion".Blu Pool is okay but definitely a lot of people who aren't appealing to the eye and A LOT of creepy old guys. I'd pay the extra $ to go to Ceasar's pool or a pool party like Wet Republic or Marquee Day Club which is what we did the next 2 days because that first day was pretty bad. Definitely the B-Squad working this pool. They have a DJ playing Top 40 hits and some throwbacks on Friday, Saturday, Sunday. The pool itself was slimy from everyone's lotions and oils. Be careful when walking into the pool as the steps were the most slippery.The Ichiban Sushi Restaurant next to the pool is AMAZINGLY fresh fish for a decent price- see my separate review for them.The Bellagio fountains which are across the road are REALLY LOUD and can be hear and seen from most rooms at Ballys/Paris from 11am to nighttime. Bring binder clips to close the blinds as ours didn't like to stay shut. We had a balcony on our room but the handle was taken off the door because we weren't allowed out. I never understood this- when we stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel we had a room with a wrap around balcony that we were allowed to hang out on. It was awesome. Old school Vegas hotels really need to catchup to the new places like Aria and Cosmo. The resort fee was $15/day and included internet access for 1 device and gym access. The fee was unavoidable- when I was at Ceasars they comped my fees so....
1	This was a surprise birthday gift from my honey.  48 hours in Vegas!  What could be better?  Well, for starters, the accommodations.Full disclosure: I have 8 years of hospitality background on my resume, and am perfectly aware of hotel business practices.  Have you ever been someplace where you feel like everyone is an absolute and total slug, unless you grease their palm?  With only a few exceptions, this is how I felt about Bally's.  Considering they're a little older, and a little bit of an afterthought on the competitive Strip, you would think they would make a little more effort to differentiate themselves.  Alas, I suppose that Yelp will be the great equalizer that will eventually separate the wheat from the chaff, and Bally's may just be a victim.  But much like Bally's being stuck in yesteryear with their room decor, they are also locked into that 1980's mentality where the Internet doesn't exist yet, and they will continue to get away with it.  Yeah, good luck with that.  We got this as part of a package deal (2 nights M through Th, included seats for two at the Jubilee! show and $30 dining credit).  Our inbound flight was cancelled, so we had to take a later flight and didn't actually arrive at the desk until after midnight.  We got to the room, and did not get the king we had asked for.  Looking at the paperwork, and as is the case with most hotels, they don't assign rooms until the day of, so I guess that was OK.  But the room was filthy.  Dingy carpet, trash from previous guests in the corners, and a used soap bar in the shower.  I called down to the desk, and got nothing but sass from the guest staff - they were unfailingly rude, uncooperative, and just didn't seem to give a d*mn.  I asked to speak to the night supervisor, whose name was Darryl, and he was even worse.  I asked if there was another room we could move to because ours was filthy, and he said no, but he would send up housekeeping.  I asked if the hotel was full, and he said yes.  I then asked if all the rooms were checked in, and he just said "the hotel is full."  Well, you didn't answer my question, buddy.  I know, from experience, that guests who check in late usually get the dregs of the available rooms; I also know that package deal customers are usually treated worse than full-paying guests, and I said as much.  And no, I don't want housekeeping sent up; it's 12:30 AM, I'm tired, and I wanted a clean room (I also wanted a king, but according to their policies, which I was reminded of several times, they don't guarantee that).  It was obvious that no one wanted to do anything.It was frustrating to get tickets for our show, it was frustrating to get breakfast (1 hr in line at Nosh - the waitress could only do a single task at any given time while the food prep staff stood idle).  We were able to change our room the next day, and when I called down, they told me to get the keys from the front desk and to move our stuff.  No offers to help, to move our stuff for us, etc.  We had borrowed a refrigerator from housekeeping (my wife is nursing) and so we brought everything down by ourselves, and stood stupidly in the lobby waiting to get new room keys.  My wife was then hassled by security for having the refrigerator - they were convinced we were going to steal it.  After about 10 minutes of explaining over and over that we were moving rooms, they let us go (but still, there was no one helping move our stuff).We checked into room 608, and guess what?  Trash in the corners, and a used bar of soap in the shower.  I guess they just don't sweat the small stuff there.  And that includes minding details and cleaning.  Oh, well, we had a king bed.  I will just need to block out of my mind how filthy that must have been, if they miss cleaning the soap and garbage.Why is it that a 20 oz bottle of Aquafina costs $4.00 at Nosh, but $6.00 at the coffee stand by the check-in desk?On the plus side, Jubilee was a blast.  Our seats were absolute crap, so after the show started, we snuck up to some better seats nearer the stage and enjoyed the show immensely (sorry, Bally's, but you forced my hand).  I don't know why they would not let us pay an upgrade charge for better seats at the box office, but they insisted it was against policy and they could not.It was not clear at checkout that we could "opt out" of the resort fee - or could we?  I don't know.  All I know, is I didn't use the Internet, and I got charged $21 per day for something.  Speaking of, I should check my credit card balance and make sure I didn't get charged above and beyond.  Well, no one at the desk swiped my card in or out, so I could always dispute it.I'm done complaining, I ultimately had a great time, and that's all that matters.  Still, what a giant bummer.  Bally's, you have a lot of work to do!  Start with upgrading your staff...
1	I had comps in Jan. 2013 room looked nice, and clean then I started to see roaches in the bath room. told my boyfriend he killed a few then more came. I told supervisor of house keeping nothing done said will report it for spraying; I emailed staff at Bally's the lady said should have told manager. I told several people about the problem what should I have done screamed.Three days of roaches one even reached the wall over the bed.one lady at Bally's said 7 people stayed in this room the week before. I said don't care this is not honeymoon in vegas hotel anymore.
1	This hotel is one of the oldest ones in Las Vegas.  Unlike the Palace Station, which is old as well, Bally's has not been maintained and cared for.  Starting with front desk people.  Not welcoming- no friendly greetings.  The rooms are really worn and dirty.  One of those rooms where you do not walk in the room in your bare feet.  Beds sup par along with bedding.  Old furniture.  Towels threadbare.  Food even splattered on the walls in our room.  Pool is a joke and watch out for the extra hotel fees.  Do not stay here unless you are desperate.
4	Bally's is a great place to stay. The rooms are clean and surprisingly big. All the employees have been great; willing to help you with all your needs. Great bands in the Indigo. You sit at Sully's Bar and here the music and still be able to have great conversations without screaming.
4	Kasha assisted me in check in. She was pleasant and hospitable. She took some extra time to answer many of my questions. Excellent service above-average rooms great location.Krystal at the box office was also stellar. Cheers very pleasant and accommodating also answered many of the questions that I had. Service with a smile. This is why I come to Harrah's properties all the time.
1	This was terrible. The staff was so incredibly rude and not helpful at all. As a tourist town, I expect people to know that tourists will ask questions! Every time we spoke with staff, they were rude or didn't know the answers and didn't do anything to find out. There were no coffee pots in the room, the gym is meh, there are no fridges in the room, and I can't tell you how many times the cleaning staff walked into our room despite the do not disturb sign. I absolutely do NOT recommend.
3	If it wasn't for the groupon deal I probably would have never stayed at Ballys. I gave this place a shot just because I've never been to this place before and also with the groupon deal you get $30.00 on food even for room service, and two Jubilee tickets. First thing was the valet service, I had too many bags to carry up so I really needed valet at the time. The guy was nice and friendly and that was good...As I came into check in I noticed the distance from valet to check in was super close and that was awesome...I had walked a lot previously at the outlets soo I was pretty tired already and waking up at 5:00 AM and driving from LA to Vegas was killer!Check in took really long just because a few people for some reason were semi arguing with the front desk assistants. As soon as I was the first one coming up I got my ID and my credit card so they could look it up as fast as possible. The lady at the check out counter was super nice and she also upgraded our rooms just because and I thought that was pretty sweet ! Rooms were nice I would have to say they were pretty big and everything inside was quite new. Our bed was big with comfortable pillows and nice sheets. I have no complaints about the stay really..only about the $30.00 voucher for food. As we went to try a place out in the lobby area we waited for about 45 minutes and our server still was no where to be found...I had a last straw when she decided to take an order to these people that just barely sat down...Ughhh Nooo....Talked to the manager and just decided not to eat at Ballys ever in my life...EVER!Besides the horrible experience at one of Ballys food establishments I feel if you get a deal to stay here and its pretty cheap why not. But I wouldn't pay full price from the online website!
4	Cean, quiet, spacious rooms.  And oh yea, $50 a night before dumb resort fees.  Yes please.
1	Wow. Worst customer service and hotel experience of my entire life. Stayed here for a bachelorette party June 26-29th 2013. After spending the day at the pool, we came back to our room  to find raw sewage, yes, SEWAGE filling the sink and spilling onto the floor. Ruined all of our makeup, hair supplies, you name it. Obviously this situation was out of our hands so we called the hotel front desk immediately. We were on the phone for about 30 minutes and never got to talk to a manager. A half hour later, they sent up a security guard and a cleaning crew. Even though we were upset, we tried our best to be friendly to the security guard and cleaning crew.. what a terrible job to have! One of them said "This happens all the time"..... WHAT? Raw sewage spills into rooms all the time?We had to claim every single item that was ruined.... meaning that we had to empty our sewage soaked makeup bags onto a towel and touch every single piece.. writing down its brand, description and cost. If we didn't, we woulnd't get any money for our ruined products. Poop EVERYWHERE. OH, I forgot to mention that it was my friends Bachelorette party and that was the night we had planned to go out. How were we going to get ready? We thought the hotel might be a little bit sympathetic to our situation and asked if we could get our makeup/hair done for the evening....not a chance!! After arguing with people over our situation we decided to call it quits and ask for some toothbrushes.... they agreed and never sent them up!! We ended up having to buy them and get reimbursed. What a joke!!!! They moved us to a different room about 2 hours later. When we checked out, we realized that our room wasn't comped!!!! Not even for that last night!2 months later and we are finally hearing from claims about crediting us for our ruined makeup. We are only getting half of what we claimed!! This experience was really disappointing. I plan on posting this on any and every travel review website possible. Apparently raw sewage spills into the rooms all the time... even if you don't see it, doesn't mean it wasn't there!!!!!
2	Old and run down.  The room's carpet was very dirty and gross.  Bad enough that you don't even want to walk on it in your socks.  I was on a non-smoking floor, but the people in the room next to me would smoke in their room anyway and the hotel didn't do much about it.  The filter in the AC unit had not been changed in a very long time.Lastly, the taxi stand guy was a real jerk.Don't bother staying here.
3	Free hotel rooms brought me here. I thought I could deal with that long, long automated walkway that never works. I thought I could deal with the extremely poor floor plans with the ridiculous up escalator to bring you inside the hotel, then another ridiculous down escalator to bring you to the hotel lobby. It's definitely a pain to leave the hotel, I was too discouraged to return to my room other than to sleep a few hours. They do have a lot of table games in terms of variety, not just blackjack and more blackjack. I must say they didn't have as many cocktail waitresses on shift as other casinos. Not too bad on the slots either, I just wish they have more than just 4 of the motion activated chair ones. Their rooms remind me of Best Western with the ugly patterned bedding. I guess not a lot of people pay for the safe, so it has a $3 charge per day unless you're a higher tier player then it's comped like everything else you do in Vegas. Luckily more electrical outlets than Planet Hollywood rooms. Somewhat overly normal looking bathroom that doesn't give off the extravagance of Vegas but quite practical with the number of shelves available for storage of toiletries especially for a girl. Their pillows are terrible, so flat and small, I felt like I'm not sleeping on much. Other than all of the above, the room is safe to sleep in.
4	Came to Ballys for my youngest boys 21st along with his two brothers. Came in around 5pm walked in and got our room. Got a room in the North Tower Room 2251. Excellent room and view of the Strip. Room was big for 4, as well as clean. Beds comfortable and restroom served its purpose. Staff was professional and helped out anyway they could. No problems at all. Would stay here again.
2	During my stay on a Monday night:Cons:- Poor communication. I got an attempted charge of $15 early check-in fee without an explanation. I got one bed after I specified two. No clear explanation of the mandatory resort fee of $18 which is also taxed to a total of $20.16. Was told I would be charged at check-in, when actually the charge was at check out so I spent a lot of time trying to clear all of this up.- This new mandatory resort fee of $20.16 includes everything that you were offered before with the exception of free wifi for one device. You can't refuse this fee.- Broken elevator- Many many broken slot machines, including the huge one exiting the casino to Paris- Escalators were off the entire stay- The entrance outside was dirty with a lot of old cigarette butts on the floor- Generally unhappy looking staff the majority of my stayPros:- Clean roomI would have rated this hotel 5 stars for my multiple stays three years ago. It doesn't seem reasonable to slide in extra charges when the quality and service is declining.
4	Overall this is a great casino to stay in while in Vegas due to the fact it is on the strip and also in the middle of the stip.This place always give me great deals (most times comp rooms). They are upgrading their rooms which is nice. This time, we got to stay on the Diamond floor...I guess it's just higher floors because the rooms does look the same as the regular rooms. They did offer us a mini fridge which was really nice to have in the room for our drinks.I have yet to try their suite....hopefully one day soon :)
2	Staff was nice enough, and the gift shop was fine, but the walk from the registration desk thru the casino to the elevators was too far; ditto on the walk to the pool.  Walking thru the food court and casino that have the AC blasting was not fun right after getting out of the pool. We were shivering by the time we got to our room. As for the room, the carpets were stained and filthy, and the toilet seat had an awful yellow stain that I just couldn't get over. After several unsuccessful requests, ended up making our own toilet seat covers the entire 4 days we were there. Cheap room rates are no excuse for poor housekeeping & maintenance.  Also the walls are paper thin, so we were awakened each morning by the neighbor's "honeymooning activities" if you get my drift. The TV on high volume helped just enough.  Will not be back.
5	My husband and I just returned from our quick weekend spent at Bally's in Las Vegas. We are both Total Rewards members and were able to get great room prices over the weekend. TIP: Next time you are in Vegas, sign up for Total Rewards! It's FREE and you get discounted prices on pretty much everything and earn points for freebies and discounts...use your card with every in-hotel purchase! Anywho, we are a younger couple and Bally's gives us the ability to stay on the strip without breaking our budget. We got a room in the North Tower and our room was very nice, newer, clean and the bed was very comfortable. No view (in our room), but who cares. We went to Paris for their pool, which is pretty nice. The casino is nice and the hotel connects with Paris, and basically Planet Hollywood smack dab in the middle of the strip. If you are thrifty but want to stay on the strip and don't necessarily care about having the hippest or most trendy room, Bally's is your place. Close enough to walk to all the cool things and great food. I will definitely return.
4	Came by for a two night stay over the weekend. Despite being an older, less-well known property, the experience was okay.The lobby area was well ventilated (i.e. no cigarette smoke, unless you're standing next to someone who's smoking) and the staff is friendly.Unlike the Flamingo, the elevator setup was staggered so that floors 16-26 are on a separate set of elevators than floors 1-16.Did the $20 trick, and we got upgraded to the Diamond Floor with a larger room and 2 beds.
2	stayed here twice before and now, this place appears to be deteriorating.  Carpet is dirty and customer service is poor.  This hotel is now "nickeling and diming" their guest by charging resort fees and early check in fees.  I've never heard of an early check in fee before.  If the hotel has a room ready, why can't they just accommodate the guest.  that really put a bad taste in my mouth.  I guess it's time to start looking for a new place to stay when I come here to visit.
4	I had a great stay at Bally's. The staff were super helpful with any questions I had and very friendly. We stayed in the North tower and though we had a view of some construction going on (which won't be forever) I had no problem with my room and I really loved the marble bathroom.The food court was convenient, if you happen ask Paris if they have a food court, they'll direct you to Bally's food court since they only have restaurants. I ate at Bally's Ichiban sushi restaurant which is a little hidden on the way to the pool but if you find it its tasty and not too expensive. Overall great location on the strip and very helpful staff.
4	Last time in Vegas we stayed at Luxor (for sure we will NEVER return). Room was pretty decent and clean - great price - perfect location on Strip - very decent amenities around shared with Paris. The only thing is the vent at bathroom wasn't working - for those who like shaving after shower this is very annoying - at checkout they told me to ask for South Tower next time... I will.
5	Well decided I would do another ballys review. I just stayed here june 27-july 4th 2013. I still love the hotel as much as I did before but there have been changes since my December review. 1.) All cet properties have resort fees now so though it sucks,...it's life. 2.) A whole new look to the food court now. I seriously was shocked when I saw the new food court. It was really cool looking, sbarros is back, nathans is back, and they added a johnny rockets. Really good look they got going on. The 6 months of construction were worth it lol. Still love the rooms at ballys. No other hotel on the strip can you get giant sized (almost suite like) rooms for a low price. Rooms always are well furnished and clean. Room service is fast and efficient. Casino is still tight as hell but we are on the las vegas strip mind you. Wanna win 50% of the time?....go to Reno or go to fremont street. I still think this casino has one of the better vibes on the strip. God I love those big ass red chairs they put in the corner of every ballys room.There have been times when I slept in those chairs.
4	For one of the cheaper mid-strip hotels, I was impressed.  I was expecting less.  The decor  is outdated, but the bathroom was all new looking.  The room was quite large, with a king size bed, two desks, a love seat, chair, coffee table, and nice flat-screen television.  I was on the 25th floor with a view of the strip and Bellagio fountains.  I do agree that the pillows sucked, and the air conditioner made some weird noises while it wasn't running, but I'd stay here again.
5	I didn't stay at Bally's so I can't comment on the rooms but I did spend a good deal of time in their casino.My favorite casino on the strip.  Why?  Because they are who they are and they're not trying to be something they're not.  They're not shiny or new.  The Cosmopolitan this is not.  The waitresses are a bit rough around the edges and look like they probably work a second shift at some seedy dive bar off the strip.  They can't pull off the tight revealing uniforms that you see the much younger girls wearing at the newer casinos.  And that's ok, well at least for me it is.  I don't care what you look like as long as you keep the (free) drinks coming.  I went here early one day, maybe around 11am and our waitress was so on the ball.  She'd plomp a drink down in front of me and be back in less than 5 minutes to ask if I needed another one.  My drink was as full as when she left it but gotta love that initiative!Another biggie is that they're one of the few casinos that do $10 minimums as opposed to $15.  This can make a huge difference.Also, wut up to Michelle at the roulette table.  She was awesome and I had the quintessential beginner's luck gambling experience at her table.  I think I had at least a 20+ win streak going on and it was the best time ever.  My first time ever gambling in Vegas and I walked with $240 that night.  Not bad for a rookie.
4	The Bally's of today represents a Las Vegas of yesterday: A name for all to know, a location desired more than most, a mid level property for the people. Heydey no longer, more and more properties both new and renovated are creeping past Bally's as the decades roll along. Even then, Bally's remains a solid choice for the ever changing face of The Strip.As a part of the Caesars Entertainment family, Bally's is a part of the largest gaming corporation in the world. Total Rewards lovers can earn and spend their points here where the comps are easier to utilize than higher end properties. The casino itself is rather average by today's standards with a solid array of slot machines and just under 100 tables. I'm pleased to report Spanish 21 is available here and a beefed up a poker room is available for hold 'em lovers.The resort itself is as massive as it looks. Home to nearly 3,000 rooms, there is a good shot that there will be rooms here than a lot of the smaller places that sell out quickly. While the room rates will always fluctuate, the retail side of the hotel is reasonable for Vegas standards, especially when considering the middle of the Strip location.Hotel dwellers take note: If you're going to be situated in the North Tower, be prepared for Las Vegas circa 1995 rooms. If at all possible, try to get a Jubilee room, the equivalent of the GO series at the Flamingo. It's contemporary, modern, and a true surprise for Bally's visitors. Concierge is on point as always, a huge plus considering the grade of the resort.The best part of Bally's is also the most surprising: Major upgrades on the food front. Once considered the boring laughing stock of the local culinary scene, Bally's is now boasting one of the better steakhouses in the mid strip in Bally's Steakhouse (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ballys-steakhouse-las-vegas). Adding to the meat is their renovated buffet, the classic Sterling Brunch (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sterling-brunch-las-vegas) which has upgraded furiously not just in price ($40+ per person) but in the abundance of luxurious choices (especially on the sea food front) as well. BLT is set to come in sometime in the next few months and other quick bite businesses (::coughs:: chains!) will likely surface their lots come 2014.What's next for Bally's? Who knows. A face lift is most likely given the overhaul of Caesars property renovations but something tells me it'll all start from the inside out first. Be sure to enjoy Bally's before another classic Las Vegas property joins the present.
3	I was pleasantly surprised at Bally's in a positive way! After staying at Cosmo/Aria/Caesars/higher end hotels, we decided to save money and stay at Bally's instead. My parents love this place and I always wonder why, since it looks so outdated on the outside. Now I know why: you get a huge bang for your buck and its a great place to gamble for non high rollers. I heard they're renovating? Upon entering it looked like a regular casino. The reception area was very clean, it looked new and shiny. Our double queen bed room was SPACIOUS. Probably the most spacious double bed room I've seen on the strip thus far. And it was super cheap! With total rewards, it came to less than $100 on a weekend night. Such a steal for such a huge room.The rooms were clean and we were very impressed at the pretty beds. Very clean and well kept room. The bathroom was very clean. I have no complaints AT ALL. The room was actually better than Planet Hollywood/Palazzo because nothing fell apart or looked run down (yes things fell apart on me at other hotels, so bad)! A great place to gamble! My bf and parents love gambling here because its just affordable. The servers are VERY friendly. Not the prettiest in Vegas but they are very quick with the free drinks and friendly. I sat at the slot machine for at least an hour, and usually only 1 waitress would pass by me during that amount of time in other hotels. However at bally's, a server passed by me several times asking me if I needed anything. We will definitely stay here since it's cheap and we don't spend that much time in the rooms anyways, always out and about. I love how they have 24 hours food joints open up for all the drunk munchies we had. Nosh got the job done and their chicken noodle soup was very good.
4	You can't beat this location. Nice hotel, quaint casino (by new Vegas standards), good shopping and a big pool.My one complaint would be attention to detail on the hotel floors. I understand Harrah's resorts haven't been doing great in the last few years but the level of neglect with poorly maintained hallways (peeling/cracked painted over wallpaper), ice machines not working on our floor or the floor above us...The real gag moment was the pool area. The floater barrier has the most disgusting ring of filth around each floatie thing and the tile border is crumbling, also with its layer of scum and filth. There are hundreds of lounge chairs, a huge pool and ONE SHOWER. If they at least advertised the ONE SHOWER or installed more I'm sure people could rinse off their tanning oil before making the pool worse. On that note, I did enjoy the pool (even with the floating cockroach in it), didn't mind the loud constant passing monorail, and got my tan on.Also, don't eat at the breakfast buffet, go to Paris and pay a bit extra, and don't go to the Mexican place bleh
3	3 1/2 stars - 4 stars.Ended up booking a Vegas trip on a busy weekend (some basketball tournament), so everything that weekend from flight to hotels were extra pricey than usual. After going back and forth from Cosmo, PH, Aria, and all the other nice ones hoping that if we refreshed the site it would go down but sadly that did not happen haha so settled for Bally's. We picked Bally's since it was right on the strip.First reaction to the outside seemed a bit outdated and a bit sad. Casino is quite spacious, but i'm not much of a gambler so can't say much in that department. A few cafes and restaurants inside. Located right on the strip next to Paris and PH hotel. My gf's and I walked to PH for Earl's Sandwiches and for their popular Miracle Mile Shops. Inside our room was a pleasant surprised. Bathroom was spacious and great mirror for us ladies to do our makeup :) or some would say put our face on haha. Room was pretty spacious, closet with mirrors. It was myself and 3 gf's and closet was still pretty spacious.  2 full/queen beds. The bed was to my surprise real comfy! The pillows were like the pricey hotel pillows. Goose feather like that just sinks down. But not too low where you feel like the pillow is smothering you. The bed matteress itself was comfy and bouncy. And the blankets were soft and not like cheap hotel blankets. I think my favorite was the bed! especially after long nights or partying and drinking the bed is pretty important. Unless your pissed drunk then even the floor may seem like cloud 9 haha. Although I did miss the other nice hotels, but if your on a budget and would rather spend money on dining and shopping like us than check out Bally's! After all your barely in the room ;)
5	Nice hotel. Right in the middle of everything. Stayed in a standard room with two beds. The rooms were a lot bigger than the rooms at Luxor and around the same price. I'd definitely stay there again. Casino was also nice and stores, food court, and monorail under the casino level. Rooms were clean. Lighting in the rooms could be better but other than that it was a great stay! Stayed in room 1613 in the North Tower. It will be a nice view once the ferris wheel is up and running at The Quad.
2	I really liked this hotel when we were there the first night. Beds were comfy, blankets were soft and clean. The bad part was  during our last day, the toilet was clogged and water was spilling out. Yuck. I couldn't stop the water til I had to open the tank. Good thing it was our last day and we were about to check out.
3	The convenience of this hotel makes it a great place. It seems to have somewhat outdated decor but can be worked with.... I stayed in a suite where it boasted 3 living room areas and a very huge bedroom! The shower was also steam room and there was a jacuzzi tub in bedroom which was very open and center of room.... for the night you might feel like getting wild and voyeuristic in your own room! There is a convenient shuttle to Rio from here and great connection to Paris. The infamous Hole in the Wall restaurant is close walking distance for those interested in mobster nostalgia:)
3	Not the prettiest looking casino on the strip, but pretty cool. They have one of the only two Blackjack Double Attack Bust It tables in all of Vegas and the Spider-man game and it's connected to Paris, which is really nice. :D
3	Cheap, old rooms, good location. They charge the resort fee (internet for 1 device, pool, gym) $29 per room even if you don't use it.The poker room had some really nice dealers and pit bosses and the game seemed pretty friendly even at 2am. The rest of the casino seemed pretty sad and didn't seem nice until we wandered into Paris, which is connected to it.
4	My boys and I planned a spur of the moment Vegas trip. It looked like it was a great time for us to go during fight weekend and Mexican independence day.After browsing through many hotels to fit in our budget of 5 guys, Bally's came out a victor! It was conveniently located within walking distance to places where we wanted to eat and gamble.Since we had a late check in time, we took our sweet time driving down from the Bay Area. The room was nicely prepared upon our walk-in. It was spacious to and had a nice view over looking a partial part of the Vegas strip.As for the casino area, well what would you expect to happen during a couple of major events happening over this weekend? Table limits are up and celebrity sightings are bound to happen. While walking back to my room at 3am, I spotted Bay Area Legend rapper Too $hort with his body guard talking with some groupies. Too bad my phone battery died.The room service was prompt on accommodating our room needs. Thank you Bally's for giving a great place to stay for the weekend!
3	not a bad hotel option if you are on a budget BUT not as luxurious/new as the other hotels in Las Vegas Can't complain since staff is nice & were helpful w/ our complicated room situation! (we went to diamond member check-in even though we weren't members and they still helped us out!! So great in a stressful time)didnt have a pool open during our stay... that was kind of lame.. I think it's temporaryNOTE: it's connected to the paris hotel
3	All my friends have raved about staying here as it is in prime location and for the cheap factor. It is in a great location, central to the North and South strip, and I visited the casino as I had a match play given by Total Rewards. Dealer was funny and helpful to those who were new to Blackjack. Lost my $, but not as quickly as I have at other casinos. Great sized casino as well, but cocktail waitresses are always in a jiffy. Could not even get one to give me a drink, and the lady next to me did not even have a chance to tip her.
2	My friend is a diamond status and let me tell you it's not what it's cracked up to be... He got me a two rooms that are connected one with a spa tub and a baday ... Yea sounds cool but the baday did not shoot water up and the spa tub took 45mins to drain BULL SHHHHHHHT... The maid services does not listen when you say come later. I think the pool was the coolest thing the  thing  te casino offered.. I told him u will NEVER stay at this casino again... Hard rock is so much nicer!!!!!!!!
3	My recent stay experience was pretty good. They automatically gave me the regular standard room in the North Tower that everyone here keeps on mentioning. This place is pretty spacious.I believed the South Tower now has the newer/modern designed now for additional $30/night more. (I passed on it since it's just me and no one to really impress except my wallet=)Anyways room was clean and the bed was really comfyHowever my bathroom toliet was leaking pressure because it kept making a sound every few minutes. Yes the bathroom floor was mable and made it look more modern.Overall for the prices and location as being in the middle strip and just a stone walk to Paris it was great.I would stay here again.
2	Another crappy casino along with Paris. Doesn't pay enough to give you time to have a beer. Slots don't pay crap, even when you play minimum. Don't waste your time or money there.
2	This place is going down hill, I love Ballys but this takes the cake this trip..1. I still will complain about the people movers being down again.  We stay there because of our feet.  I have broken my feet a few times and after walking around the convention for 3 days straight the movers are just the right thing for the end of a long day. 2. We were upgraded to a suite, we always get this suite and I won't post why but we do.  Anyways we found dirty diapers in the suite by the windows.  $30 dining credit was issues hmmmmmmmm if I was a hotel Manager id be giving a few free nights for that. 3. Roulette dealer was a gem A +++ there 4. Valet driver Regina is the best ever!!!!   You have to love that after a year she still remembers my name, my wife and my son's name5. FIX ur people movers, yes I said it again, I know its not broken, everyone on the strip turns them off before the entrance, in the hopes their legs die and you sit at a machine.
2	Where do I start with this one.When I checked in it wasn't to bad.  The receptionist was polite and professional.  Checked In fine and then got to our room.  The building we were in just got renovated so it had a nice modern feel to it.  North Tower is not renovated yet and looks like a Motel 6.  What the receptionist didn't tell us was that we were placed right by the elevator shaft.  It sounded like a sandstorm inside the room.  We called down to ask if we could be changed and no luck there.  They couldn't change us until the next day at 1.  I felt like I wasted a whole night.  The room was a little dirty.  We found misc things from the past patrons that occupied the room.  We had to pay a Resort fee to use the Wifi and pool (which was closed for renovation as well).  The catch with the Wifi was that you could only use one device.  Never of that before. All in all it wasn't bad I guess.  I wouldn't go back though.  Hope this helps someone.
4	I've never stayed at Bally's but my first experience was a good one. The self park has you entering the Paris which is right next door and you can enter without going outside. Check in had us waiting about 30 min but since my husband and I were there with another couple, the hotel receptionist was able to place us in adjoining rooms so we weren't so far from each other. We both got the standard tower room, double queen beds, but these rooms were BIG!! Nothing fancy, but it had an ottoman at the foot of each bed, extra chair, desk, armoire, table as well as your standard amenities like iron, ironing board, hairdryer, it even had a safe in the closet. It was clean and had plenty of towels and soap. Our floor was fairly quiet on the 10th floor and elevators were quick. My only complaint was the water temperature in the shower would flicker hot/cold in the evenings. We only ate at one restaurant, the Ichiban, which was....meh, but their Thai restaurant looked good, should've tried that place. They also have a sports bar and food court downstairs. Bally's has a monorail stop which is very convenient and although we did not partake, they offer shuttle service to the Rio. I'm not sure why, but the electric walk-ways into the hotel weren't working all weekend. Normally I don't mind walking, but when you've got heels on you want all the electric walk-ways you can find. Overall a fantastic location on the strip and good for the value.
4	now that Imperial Palace is the more expensive Quad (with the same slow ass elevators), Bally's was the next least expensive place on the strip for our weekend excursion. i was impressed! the staff at check in were super prompt and friendly to the wife. the elevators are fast. and our rooms were quiet....and very big! there was enough room for a small party in there. even a safe in the closet. the bathrooms are bright and roomy. only complaint was the shower...the water pressure was terrible and it was either freezing cold or scalding hot...never warm or pleasing. the towels are soft and absorbant and the beds are super comfy. the place is right on the strip and connected to Paris casino/hotel so you can have your pick. there is a monorail stop in the back for easy access around the strip. a couple of fast food joints and fine dining options are an escalator ride below the casino. we saw posters for their Thai restaurant which looked delicious but did not try on this trip. Bally's is in a perfect spot on the strip. However....the moving walkways never moved. only good when you don't have to wear 6 inch heels. they didn't work the whole 4 days...maybe it's time to call a repair man.great stay and look forward to another in the future!
4	This little coffee/pastry shop is located by the main entrance in front of checkout counter it is open 24 hours a day really nice people and they're very clean tasteful pastries fresh coffee fresh everything even a fresh smile there to greet you anytime in this 24 hours. Shop.
3	Time for a review update.  See my other review for details of the property which still apply.  Since my last review, they've moved the nightclub Drais to Bally's while they remodel the old "Bill's Gambling Hall" aka "Barbary Coast".  While it's not the same as when it was at the Barbary Coast, Drais is a fun place to go for afterhour partying.  Because of that, I'm bumping this place up a star to 4 Stars.Return Factor - 85%
4	Stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend. Booked the reservation through Hotels.com and had a room two nights (Thurs, Fri) for $230 including fees. Summary: good value for the cost, hence 4 stars.I've stayed at Bally's a number of times. I find it a good value for the rates they charge. It's not the most glamorous of casinos, nor the fanciest. But the rooms are big and clean, and Bally's is conveniently located next door to Paris and across the street from the Bellagio, Flamingo, and Ceasers Palace. The Venetian, Mirage, Treasure Island and Planet Hollywood are all walking distance. Bally's is connected to Paris so you can go back and forth easily. The only restaurant we ate at was the Burger Brasserie in the connection walkway to Paris. I'm not a fan of most of the restaurants in the walk way over to Paris. Our room was on the 12th floor with no real view, but it was quiet, no street noise. If we looked to the right we could get a glimpse of the fountains at Bellagio which are quite loud when they erupt (sounds like gunshots or fireworks) but it didn't disturb us. Room had an ironing board, safe, no bottled water, no mini-bar, standard amenities in the bathroom, hair dryer (a small one but it worked). Water pressure is low like most hotels in Vegas (it's the desert after all), but temperature was fine. AC worked fine and kept the room at the temp we wanted.The Indigo lounge is now closed and under construction so there is no entertainment in the hotel beyond the shows. There is a lounge with a band and dancing in the walkway to Paris. I utilized the self-parking (enter off Flamingo) and had no problems finding a space. The garage is shared with Paris and when you enter,  you'll find yourself in the walkway between the two. Turn right to go to Bally's, left to go to Paris. Pros: Good value, large and clean room, location, friendly staff, room was quiet (12th floor), easy self parkingCons: No buffet that I saw, no good lounge for relaxingSo, overall I'd say this is a solid option and a step up from some of the cheaper strip hotels like Luxor, Circus Circus, Excalibur, etc. I'd stay here again.Note, the South Tower has been gutted and fully remodeled so should be much nicer than the North Tower we stayed in. They offered us an upgrade to a jacuzzi suite for $50 per night which I declined. Tip: Always ask for a high room, away from the elevators and vending machines. Cut's down on the noise level tremendously in any hotel!
3	I can't really complain about this hotel - especially since it's such a great deal. I think split between 2 gfs and I, it came out to about 50/60 a person? We left Friday morning and came home on Sunday, and if we wanted to stay, we could have had Monday comp'ed. So I really can't complain.It's pretty clean, even if the decor and furnishings are a bit outdated, and this with somewhat a renovation. Glad that there's not really a bad ciggie smell that's associated with some of the more budget friendly hotels. Bally's is right next to Paris, across from the Bellagio, right in the heart of Las Vegas. Valet - free as usual, wherever you stay. Just don't forget to tip!!! hehe.There's a casino, filled with smoke (sigh). I just want them to have a ciggie free casino. Please? :) But the good thing is that the tables are pretty decent - some at $5, some at $10 minimum - as compared to some of the other premium hotels that start at $15. I'd come back for a budget friendly Vegas trip!
4	We stayed at Bally's 11/27-12/1, over the Thanksgiving holiday. Parking was free and easy to access. The women who checked us in was unhelpful and rude. Though we had several more interactions with the staff and they were nice. We stayed in a average room (not a remodeled one) but it was large and clean. We booked through the hotels website and had an average $55 a night rate with a $35 food and beverage credit (which could only be used at 4 places). For price and location of this hotel, I don't think you can really go wrong. It's perfectly placed on the strip which makes walking the thing all day long so much more manageable. Also, it's so close to all the really expensive hotels. We really didn't spend any time at Bally's expect for when when we were heading in for the night, which was all we needed it for.
4	This review is for the new jubilee tower rooms they just opened up in September 2013. I was very impressed by the makeover. New beds, new decor. Totally redesigned bathroom. No tub just a larger shower. There's a refrigerator in the room  which I think is great especially if you come in summer. Ballys rooms are pretty large, at least 40% bigger than Paris. They also have a nice quiet factor, no thin walls. So you can get a good sleep. This is gonna be my new go to hotel in Vegas. They just need to remodel the casino.This is a big tip, if u want a good night sleep then you need to make sure you don't get a room facing the Cromwell casino due to the drais after night club there the music is blaring in your room with the base thumping.  I believe if you get a room that has odd number not even then your good but if you a room in the even number in the jubilee tower your gonna get a lot of music noise.  Now the only draw back you won't get a room with a strip view but I prefer a good sound sleep over a great view who cares about the strip view bunch of lights and casinos. You want a view then go up the Eiffel Tower at Paris casino or stratosphere casino observation tower.
2	We hate the pool and room.  The only thing we like is the singing bar at the first floor and because it was connected to Paris
1	This place seems dated because it is even with it's modification.  Shame.  Great great location.  On the corner where it's close to Bellagio, Flamingo and Caesars.  Next door to Paris.  The rooms are huge and clean, but boring.  Having said all that, why the low rating.  Pathetically small and boring casino.  Even with it's location, it still is far from everything.  Why?  Because they built the hotel and casino away from the strip.  So to cross the street, you have to walk a really far distance to the corner.  No shopping.  No restaurants or good ones.  No nothing.  It's is just a shame.
5	Booked our hotel way last minuteTotal came out to be 140$ for two nights Killer deal!!! If you split the cost with 4 girls I feel like it's an awesome dealPlus they have an after hour club inside the hotel that doesn't close till 12:00 noon! Definitely coming back!!!
1	what a horrible place to stay.do not stay here.furniture beat up in newly remodeled rooms,whole place stinks like cigs.fire hazards in room,not up to code.music from outside hotel blasting till three in the morning.poor service,bad attitude from management.to much to list just stay away
1	I am giving one star because I could not give zero star.  I have been over the world and stayed in many different hotels in my past.  My experience with this hotel's host and customer service is just horrible.  Basically I spent 2 hours and talked to 8 different people tonight and still not able to get my room reservation issue resolved.  Out of the eight people I talked to, 3 people pretended they could not hear me and hung up.  3 people were not helpful and told me to call back.  One conversation was cut off in the middle of the conversation.   But above all,  Yoon Kim, who is Asian market host tops it all.  She had a very bad attitude with no professionalism in hotel customer services at all.   She showed nothing but rude and mean spirit.  We had our reservation for three rooms and one of the rooms was promised to be a comp room.  When we tried to change our reservation from 4 days to 3 days, Yoon Kim said she can not honor what the hotels has promised for the first comp room because of the host we worked with was fired from Bally.  We expressed that we believe that a reputable company should honor their promise and it has nothing to do with their employee got fired!   Beyond my comprehension, I can not believe that a hotel employee would yell at their guests?  Did this hotel ever provide hospitality training to their employees?   I will be documenting my experience and  filing a formal compliant to this hotel chain's corporate office.   Note:   person I talked to tonight:  Yoon Kim, Bryan, Cindy, Rick, Tina, Felix, 2 other hosts who were on cellphone line with bad receptions and hung up on me.  And per Rick, they can not provide their last names to the clients, am I hearing this right?
1	I wish I could give NO stars because staying at a motel 8 would've been WAY better than this.Stay at Freemont and utilize the 24 hours shuttle to the strip if you want a NICE hotel on a budget. Or splurge and stay somewhere else on the strip. NOT BALLYS!!----------SHORT VERSION:----------December 2013. Stayed at North TowerMonorail was being renovated or something, couldn't use that.Pool also being renovated!Fire alarm testing at 10am, for maybe 20 minutes straight?Toilet leaking and LOUD when flushing, had to move rooms it was so bad.Walls are VERY VERY thin. Could hear the TV from the other room and the obnoxious laughter following.Room was very far from the elevator, you think they would have the elevator in the middle, but no, just at the far end. *(sucks when you are in heels all night then have to walk through the dirty halls for an extra 10 minutes just to get to your room) *NO FRIDGE and/or MICROWAVECustomer service? HORRIBLE.NOT worth the extra 18 dollars a day.No one specified what it was for when we asked. Found out later we could've used it for wi-fi. UH WHY DIDNT THEY TELL US? Buffet at Flamingo was overpriced and small -kind of unrelated but since it was total rewards you got a "discount" from Ballys when you check in- not worth it at all.-----------------------------------Long Version::We had booked a hotel room online, using the total rewards system. We had comped rooms except for 2 days. We had paid for a reserved room @ the amount of 188 dollars. We received a confirmation email and my boyfriend's card was charged that amount.However, when we arrived at the casino, the receptionist asked for a card. We assumed it was for any additional charges, such as room service and such. He didn't specify anything about the rate changing, or anything. He seemed to have difficulty looking something up. He couldn't find a price, or something, and had to use a calculator for something. I assumed it was for a deposit on the room that we would get back at the end of our trip, so long as we didn't break anything. (as most hotels do, as I had been to Vegas before and we had a 120 deposit fee we received back. ) Again, nothing was clarified, no receipt or anything was given to us, so I assumed the card was only used as a hold.Later on, when my boyfriend checked his credit card statement, he found out that Bally's had charged him $200.Unfortunately, that credit card was our extra funds for the weekend. Our funds to get us taxis, possibly splurge on the variety of food Las Vegas had to offer, watch some shows, and pay for our baggage on the way home. We went to the receptionist downstairs (a different one) and she stated that when you reserve a room online, you are not charged resort fees and that is why we paid more. However, on the website, it shows that we were charged resort fees of $126. It shows it is added to your reservation and you are thus charged. Our room was comped for 5 days; our trip was 7 days, so we had paid for the 2 days.  The receptionist stated that we weren't charged resort fees when we reserved a room online. I stated we had been, our rooms were comped and that was basically all we were paying for. I showed her the breakdown of prices on my confirmation screenshot. Then she said that the online price we had paid was not finalized. if it wasn't finalized, why was the card charged for 188. We were not told that our rate had changed. Why was it not brought to our attention and why would the check in clerk not be able to find it on the computer, and thus do it on a calculator (which he had to clear multiple times) and charge us an obscure amount?They didn't care to explain any charges or break it down for us. They basically had an attitude of "too bad, so sad"The walls are T-H-I-N!!!! You can hear EVERYTHING from the next room. We had VERY noisy loud laughing neighbors. ALSO Ballys decided to have some random fire alarm test at like 10am on Sunday? WORST way to wake up! And It went on for like 15 minutes. Our toilet made horrible screeching sounds and was leaking. They told us they could fix it, which would inconvenience us as we had plans that night, or they could move us to a new room. The latter was less inconvenient, so we quickly packed our 7 days worth of items and moved to a room. There was no "sorry for your inconvenience" or anything. Again, a "too bad, so sad" attitude.Our new room ALSO had a very loud toilet. We tried to complain about that but they only offered another room. No comp for the horrible experience or anything.We are loyal total rewards members and we were treated like trash. Maybe because we look young and irresponsible? we're 24, so we're fairly young, but we had big boy jobs and cars and bills just like everyone else working there.Bally's had no intention of making our trip better, and only made it worse.I cannot recommend that anyone stay at Bally's, and I would not have any future business with them
2	Our room needs serious renovation.  The wallpaper were peeling off, the TV screen was not clear, looks like an analog.  We did not get the deluxe room that we reserved.  The location however is ideal.
4	Stayed at Bally's for our most recent trip to Vegas.  They are located mid-strip, which makes it an ideal location for walking around and seeing most of the other hotels, without wearing yourself out completely.  Check-in took a bit of time, we waited for about 30 minutes in the line while two staff members tried to work through a line of about 25-30 people. When we were second in line to get checked-in they finally had one more staff member start checking others in.The room was clean and had a decent view of the strip, and like most hotels on the strip it was a bit of a walk from the front door of the hotel to our room since the overall building is huge.They have a variety of things that you can do within the hotel, aside from the obvious gambling.  They have several restaurants and it's a great feature that they are attached and have a walk-through to the Paris Hotel - which has tons of restaurants and shows of their own.Check out was much easier than check-in since we just had to sign off on the rapid check out form and drop it in a box by the check-in area. Overall: B+We would stay here again when we go back - no real complaints. Middle of the strip makes it super convenient.
1	If they had a zero star option I would do it! By far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas!! First we reserved a room with a king size bed two weeks in advance. When we got there they only had a queen available. The receptionist was a complete bitch!! When we got into our room it was a pull out bed coming out of the wall. The carpet was disgusting, there was hair all over in the shower and the counter top was as if someone spilled drinks all over it and was never cleaned off! We went to try and switch rooms and the supervisor  said there were no rooms available (which was a lie because my brother checked in at the same time and they offered to upgrade him to a suite or a king size bedroom for free!!!) so the supervisor said he would send someone to clean the room immediately. Two hours later we go back to the room and no one had come to clean at all!! The next day they finally let us have a different room! My whole family was staying there for the weekend and we will not ever be returning to this dumpy hotel!!
3	With so many choices on the strip, how does a proper review come to be? What are the determining factors of what creates a quality accomidation experience over a disappointing one? I think the answer has so many facets, all need to be touched upon even if only for a sentance or quicker mention.  The Room: well appointed with a refrigerator, internet if you pay an additional hotel fee, (free or less costly would be a welcome implimentation) a nice view of the Bellagio fountain, not enough water pressure in the modern, glass enclosed shower. The Gaming: Great Bloody Mary's at the sports book, projectors for big screens are looking grainy, may need updating soon. Beaten up floor in the main casino, pit bosses and dealers were polished and helpful. The Restaurants: SEA was atrocious, the breakfast joint by the escalator is worth stopping in for a meal or two. Nosh is also good for a quick breakfadt bite.  Shopping: The downstairs mall is not good for gamblers that want to get to the sports book as merchants are constantly badgering you to sell their wares.   Staff: Hit and miss, the "free show" lobby pitch was really getting under my skin as it was a constant in my day, everyday, multiple times a day with poor attitudes to boot. Valet were chock full of information, bartenders lacked in personality and appearance, housekeeping was top shelf with personality and work eithic. Great location, sitting centrally in the middle of the strip, but for meals, gaming, music and an overall more visually pleasing experience, go next door to Paris. It's owned by the same corporation.
1	I WOULD RECORD EVERYTHING THE FRONT DESK TELLS U. Apparently none of the employees honor anything they say. At check in, the girl had told us there was no resort fee which was strange to me since I had looked on Ballys website and was ready to pay the mandatory resort fee. I made sure to ask her a couple times but trusted the girl and figured it might be a new year and things might've changed.I refrained from using the internet, the fitness center, and the phone, which is included in the resort fee. A day after checkout, we were charged the resort fee on our credit card.I was appalled since I didn't even use any of their services included in the resort fee and got an overdraft on my card which was why I wanted to use cash. I was hung up on 2 times rudely by the front desk when I called about it, when I was able to reach the supervisor, she was equally as rude and said the employee that helped me was very thorough so pretty much calling me a liar. Not to mention half of the lights were out in our room, there were questionable looking stains on carpets and walls. I especially felt uncomfortable during the night and saw shadow like figures near the windows in our room. My boyfriend thought I was crazy but after looking up the history of Ballys, it turns out this same building had burned down in 1980 that killed 87 people. I'm not a person to believe in ghosts but still am shaken up by what I saw. they participate in illegal charging give them cash deposit at check in so theycantcharge it without authorization .
3	The location is mid strip which I'd ideal for staying on the strip.  The room was just decent nothing horrible nothing great.. The casino has nothing special pretty below average actually.
1	I've stayed at most of the hotels on the strip, but Bally's has been one of the worst hotels I've been in.- It's the oldest looking with air bubble filled wall paper and crusty chipped paint. - They try to charge you $16 if you checkin before 4pm.- All the other hotels always had toothpaste and other amenities, Bally's doesn't- Furniture is from the 80'sThe regular room at Palms Place makes the Suites at Bally's look like a joke.
4	I do not care what people say this casino is awesome.$5 crap tables? Yes please. Free drinks while you place the $5 crap tables? Double yes please. This casino is great if you do not want to spend a crap load of money to place a couple of games of Blackjack or craps AND the casino is on the strip so you do not have to go out of your way.WARNING: They are doing some construction work so you have to walk a little ways to get the casino. Protip: place on the 6 and 8 on craps - pays out great. Double protip: straight bet on the ace-deuce at least once - I promise it will hit :)
4	*Review for a 5 night stay in May 2013* Great location on the strip, friendly and efficient staff. Not one of the fancier hotels but if you're like me and just want a clean place to sleep, shower and get ready this is a great find for the price. It's also very conveniently connected to Paris should you need anything more upscale restaurant or shop-wise. I've seen bad reviews on this hotel and experienced none of that. Only con would be a somewhat long walk from the actual strip into the hotel, but nothing terrible. The pool was very plain but efficient and played good music. I had no problems getting a chair on any day we spent there. Drinks are overpriced, which is the norm for any Vegas pool. We quickly learned they don't check your bag when entering so we brought our own alcohol. Don't forget to check out the tequila bar for $2 shots, beers and margaritas! For the right price I would definitely return!
5	Have stayed at Ballly's many times over the years and have always been happy with the rooms and this time especially - wanted to say how extra clean and wonderful the rooms were.  The staff is fantastic from valet to bell desk to front desk and we really enjoyed our stay and wish we would have stayed our entire time at Bally's instead of making the horrible mistake of spending the last three nights at the Golden Nugget.
4	+ Cheap+ Clean+ Conveniently located to Paris, Bellagio, shops- Toilet made horrible noise when being flushed- Old hotel vibe and smokey smell
4	I got a killer deal for Bally's and I figured that location was well worth the deal if anything... glad I took the deal. Very spacious room for the price and probably the best view I've ever had while staying at a Strip hotel. I wasn't a fan of the construction in the front where the people mover used to be, but overall the experience was pretty good and the location is perfect on the Strip.Bally's also gets high marks for their casino... clean, high and well lit ceilings, and the smoke isn't too bad compared to other Strip casinos. Also, super easy access to Paris next door via "Le" tunnel.
1	I can't believe this hotel is joined with the Paris hotel. The Paris hotel is way classier and Bally's is stuck in another world (like a dead-end mall in an 80s film or some stereotypical trashy and tobacco-filled Vegas). Even Frank Sinatra wouldn't have come here back in the day (if it was built at the time). I didn't even stay here and I couldn't stand the casino nor pathetic mall after 5 minutes.
4	Spent a weekend here earlier this month. Can't comment on the prices since my rooms were comped. Diamond check-in was quick. I was in n' out in 5min tops. I had a room in the newly renovated tower. North tower I believe? Suffice to say, I was pretty surprised how nice the room looked. Before walking into my room, I hadn't realized it was newly remodeled in October. Shared the room with a couple friends. I know one friend made use of the alarm clock/radio ipod docking station.The casino portion. The times I've played here it's been good. Staff are friendly, courteous. Selection of games & dining spots are decent.The weekend overall went without a hitch. The rooms aren't as big as what I'm used to at the Rio. But they definitely were nice. Would stay here again if I chose somewhere on the strip.
2	We've stayed at a bunch of hotels on the strip through the years from Imperial Palace to the Monte Carlo. Bally's is more on par with IP if not worse. Where do I start? Well, you get into your room and it's the most depressing 70s looking room with their teal/blue couch. The room is spacious but nothing to look at. The mattress was so old and flat that it was probably bought in the 70s (ok, probably not but might as well) since it was not comfortable. .Good luck in finding an outlet to charge your cell phone. I looked near the night stand but that would have been too easy and convenient.  No luck. I kept looking and looking and finally found ONE outlet.If you want some nice peace and quiet, then don't bother coming here. The walls are paper thin. We heard our neighbors talking every day. Yeah, not fun. Oh, and don't forget the lovely yelling at night outside the window.  We were lucky that we were staying above the 10th floor so we didn't have to deal with construction but our friend was on the 5th floor and he got no sleep. He did get a room change and had his room comped but he looked like crap and ended up getting sick with no sleep and working. The casino was more annoying than entertaining. It's so small and cheesy that I wouldn't spend my money there but it's still filled with smokers so you'll be inhaling second hand smoke like being in a real casino. In summary,  there are too many other nice hotels on the strip for me to ever want to return here.
1	Do not stay here if you like clean, quiet place to sleep.Work insisted I stay here. Arrived to find out if you want to check in before 3 pm, you have to pay an additional $16.80. Before noon.. you pay $25.Room carpet is dirty, has loose threads, debris left from not being vacuumed properly.Bed throws were covered with long straight gray hair. When I called housekeeping I was told they do not replace the throws with each guest because they assume they are not used. Furniture blocking all electrical outlets, could not reach to plug in my electrical medical devices. They solution? Call housekeeping and we will send someone up to move furniture. No.. they would not take it from room, so it is now crowded. They offered to have someone come up to plug in things when I need it. Entertainment center has lots of wear and tear.. .laneer is peeling off. Wallpaper is peeling.Drapes are falling off of tracks.the only thing nice so far is the bathroom.Asked manager if they had newer room and was told, no. we can move to you another room, it may or may not be cleaner... you will have same issue with wall plugs.Next time.. I go to a different hotel. i travel to Vegas for business at least 2-3 times a year.. will NOT be back here.
3	This place was not expensive and the location is perfect.BUT....The rooms were pretty dirty though. There were stains on the bed that made it really hard to feel comfortable. The floor needed a good shampoo. I feel the bathrooms could have been cleaned a bit more. But honestly, for 40 dollars a night in Vegas it was not that bad at all!! I would come back here if I was broke and couldn't find another hotel. Also, if we checked in early they charge your account an additional 17 bucks. I didn't mind because I went during EDC weekend and I wanted to make sure that we got a nice room.
3	We got a good deal where our average rate was ~$50 including the resort fee. The location of the hotel is right in the middle of the strip so very convenient if you are planning to walk/take the bus to various locations in the area. The hotel is on the older and dirtier side and there was some residual smoke in the halls but a very good value I would say.
2	We stopped by here to go on our tour (Pawn Stars , fantastic!). Bally is very old-style and seems a little run down. I mean, maybe they're doing renovations but it's not as vibrant or lively inside the casino as it is in some. The outside could also do with a paint job.To make an assumption, I guess it wouldn't be quite as expensive as most of the other hotels and when you're staying in Vegas you probably want to be right on the strip so why not? A room is a room!
5	I hate to see so many bad reviews about this place. It may be because I only stayed 1 night here, but I had zero problems with this place and plan on returning here for my next visit. My girlfriend and I arrived on a Thursday night. Check-in took about 5 minutes and they gave us a FREE upgraded room to a suite! I know that's pretty customary when you're checking in after 11pm on a weeknight, but the room was incredible. The casino itself was very lively. We went back and forth between Paris and Bally's all night long because they are connected. Both casino's had $10-$25 minimums on table games at night and dropped to $5 mins. in the morning. Bally's had more of a selection of penny slots and slots in general IMO. We were also able to visit the Bellagio and Caeser's Palace because they're right across the street. Check-out was as easy as filling out a small info card and dropping our room key in the bin - took all of 2 minutes. Overall, had a great stay here and will return. Would definitely recommend if it's your first time in Vegas!
5	Loved this hotel. The room was so nice!! And the strip is right outside from this place. Great views. I will definitely go back!!! Plus they have so much to offer inside the casino.
3	Considering the location of Bally's on the strip, it's pretty decent for the price you pay. This hotel is located right in the smack middle of the strip and is a short walking distance to most hotels. Back during the partying-on-a-budget days, my girlfriends and I would walk from Bally's all the way to Wynn/Encore in our FM heels with our classy red solo cups in hand no problem .This hotel needs a renovation though! Some of the rooms still haven't even been upgraded to a flat-screen TV and the furniture is outdated.The casino floor is chill and I love playing Wheel of Fortune in the "high limit slots" section. Let the dyke security guard strike up a conversation with you and she'll give you drink tickets for the bar :)
4	Solid choice of hotel. In a prime location on the strip, short walking distance to many popular attractions. It's attached to Paris, and because the hotel pool was closed during our stay (2/18/14), guests are permitted to use the Paris pool! Check in and out was quick and painless. Was given free early check in :) And check out is as easy as filling out your room number on a card provided and dropping it in a box at the front desk. Very convenient for those morning-after flights home! Stayed in a room in the Jubilee tower, which contains their renovated rooms. Was very impressed with how modern and fresh it felt! Also has a great view of Paris' tower and pool. Very happy with my stay.
1	Was in town for my friend's 40th birthday and stayed at Bally's. Dirty room. Found toe nail clippings throughout the room including a massive big toe toenail clipping.
3	I've stayed at Bally's twice now, once in newer rooms and once in the cheapest room. The newer rooms are comfortable, on par with any mid-scale nice hotel chain. The older rooms are...old and worn. But if you need to stay on a budget and want to be in the middle of the Strip, there are few better choices. It's true, the location is really hard to beat. This is especially true when using the monorail since there's a station attached. "Who uses the monorail in Vegas?!" I do - it works.I also like the table games at Bally's. They're usually cheaper and don't have hardcore players at them. I found a $5 Texas Hold'em table that was a blast, especially for those who aren't serious poker players but want to play (the tournament rooms on the other hand are too intense). There's also sports betting and cheap food options in-house.So not the nicest place to stay, but if you're on a budget or can go with an upgraded room, Bally's is just fine. Plus you're in Vegas, you shouldn't be in your room much anyway, right?
3	Centrally located right across the street you got Bellagio and next door you got Paris and it's even connected! I would think that this is the oldest hotel on the strip right now since everything seems so renovated on the outside other than flamingo.. Unfortunately it's not even at the top five oldest!The rooms are a bit dated try the deluxe rooms but if you're on a budget the regular rooms are ok too. It's clean and reasonable since you're going to just sleep and take shower there right?Walking out and walking to the monorail is long walk though. I don't think I ever rode the monorail since college lol...And there's really nothing to see inside since it's not themed. Like you would see Parisian things in Paris or the garden in Bellagio. It's a hotel that people usually pass by unless you stay there or accidentally walk through from Paris.
4	Right on the Vegas strip, great place to stay, however no free Wi-Fi is a disappointment.
1	Definitely the WORST hotel on the strip! If you want rude front desk people checking you in, wrong reservations, overflowing toilets, unmade beds and 5am wake up calls with construction workers drilling away outside your room...then this is the place to stay!! OVERALL WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE! I have been to Vegas 100s of times and never have I been so disgusted by the "customer service" or lack thereof. And to top it off, when I tried to complain, the manager Jose (who was so rude) gave us a measly comp at the cafe! What an INSULT! It took over 2.5 months to finally get a hold of another manager (Darryl) who ended up being even worse than Jose. After spending over $450 for 4 nights and enduring 2 unbearably loud mornings waking up  to pounding drilling noises, one of these managers should have adequately compensated us for ALL THE INCONVENIENCE!!!  The Caesars Acquisition Company (which owns Bally's, Harrah's, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Flamingo..etc) SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES!!! At least learn how to train your management at Bally's to be a little accommodating!!!!Corporate offices will definitely be hearing from me soon! Attached with a video clip of the horrendous construction noises!
4	I have a long history with Bally's. Years ago when I first started going to Vegas, I stayed at Bally's, and for some reason they always upgraded my room. So it always made me a happy camper and so I kept going back. I have great memories of this place.Fast forward - I recently stayed here in the Jubilee tower. Wow. What an upgrade in itself. The rooms have been updated and are now a bright red with some really cute accents. They have been modernized - gone is the dark blue (or overwhelming beige) of the other rooms and ushered in is bright red and dark brown. They are really put together nicely - a nice modern touch. I really liked this room. This time, the room looked to the north, so we could see the Flamingo next door, and the ever cool looking High Roller as they were testing the lights. Definitely a good view. I like Bally's because I really like the area of the strip it is in. There's a lot around and a lot going on - so it's the perfect location. The casino itself is so-so, but hey, can always walk to Paris, right?Drawbacks: a couple - you can hear a lot even high up. So if you're wondering what that strange noise is that sounds like cannons - it is. It's the fountains at the Bellagio.The second big drawback is the casino floor layout. Bringing my bags into the hotel, from the parking garage, there aren't many ramps, so to get to the Jubilee tower or even to the check in, you have to drag your bags up and down the stairs several times. Not fun. One other complaint - they have cheapened up and no longer have conditioner in the hotel room. Fortunately, I had brought my own, so I didn't call and ask if they had any, but I would hate to have to buy it if they didn't. Other than that, I can say my experience was quite pleasant.
3	It doesn't look great. It's not the newest and most renovated in Las Vegas. It can be quite smokey inside but you know what, for the price and location, you can't really beat it. The staff was extremely friendly. Sadly, my room, on my last day, I found an empty vodka bottle underneath my mattress, which worries me. I hope the staff changes their sheets because I don't understand how that was possibly missed!
4	Was hesitant about our stay here after reading reviews. However, our room was just fine. Updated, flat screen tv. Not the outdated 80s decor as shown in other photos.Has a little strip mall on it's basement level - good to get your souveniers at. Breakfast buffet is well worth it's price! Get there early, the line to get in gets long, as well as the line at the buffet. Also, the mimosas are NOT bottomless - you pay for each one. Boo!Pool is outdoor, so it's closed during the winter.Good size casino floor - it was always fairly busy.Connected to Paris, which is super convenient especially if you have part of your group staying there.The biggest downside: the casino floor was very smoky compared to other casinos.Upside: amazing location on the strip. Will stay here again.
5	Very nice I'm impressed....
4	COMPED ROOMLast month I stayed at the Flamingo. A couple of weeks after I came back I checked my Total Rewards account. I noticed that I was eligible to comp a free room at Bally's. I wasn't planning to go back to Vegas anytime soon however I had to redeem my Asia Miles frequent flyer miles, which I earned 4 years ago when I went to South Africa for the World Cup, by the end of April. Because of those two factors I decided to go back to Vegas again. At Bally's I stayed for 4 free nights. I was very happy with my room at the Indigo Tower. The room was spacious compared to most standard rooms. I had a lot of space on the left side of the bed. On the left side of the bed was a couch and a small coffee table. This was an ideal room for a free vacation. The room was clean and there was no cockroaches as I've read from other reviews. This room felt I was the king. With all the amenities and the room free of charge (with the of the resort fees) why didn't I give a perfect 5 star rating? First even though the room was spacious the wall was close to the right side of the bed. The best hotel room I ever stayed at was the Roman Tower at Caesars Palace. That room was spacious but also was equally spaced on both sides of the bed; a wall wasn't closed to either side of the bed. Second like the Flamingo last month the swimming pool was closed. Since the season is late winter/ early spring I wanted to relax and swim in the pool. Other than those two issues the room at the Indigo Tower at Bally's is a great room if you're eligible to comp it.
4	We chose to stay at Bally's because of it's location on the strip.Upon arriving at the hotel, we asked about an upgrade, and for an additional $20 we got a Jacuzzi tub and a view of "The Linq".The good:Location on the strip can't be beat, right across from the Bellagio and connected to the Paris. Didn't feel like I had to walk too far to anything. Close to bus stop out in front. The room was nice and clean on a non smoking floor.Spacious floor plan and comfortable bed.Multiple sinks and great vanity area for a girl and her makeup, there is even a little stool to sit on. The not-so-good:The tile in the bath area is ridiculously slippery when the slightest bit wet, and the shower temperature and pressure was poor. Whenever someone above or below you uses their shower, the loud sound of water wakes you up, as does the sirens on the street passing by multiple times a night. I, however, had a terrible head cold on my trip so I had trouble sleeping anyway.The pool was closed and construction being done at the entrance.I understand Vegas isn't cheap, but $3.50 for a bottle of water in the shop downstairs? Room service has a $20 minimum plus delivery fee - they wanted $15 for hot water for tea?! Luckily I didn't bother. No mini fridge - maybe only suites have them?I know people don't come to Vegas to watch TV in their room, but since I had the aforementioned head cold, I had to come back to the room to rest and the channels are extremely limited. Mostly Vegas ads, and Japanese channels.All in all, the location trumps the other issues and I would stay here again (next time with no cold!)
2	Kinda old and dirty hotel/casino. Receptionists were less than helpful. Room was nice and large though.
1	Sleeping arrangements for fifteen consisted of four rooms with two queens in each. That's room for eight, I know.But we're all dudes in town for the NCAA March Madness Tournament and that means not everyone will be in their room sleeping at the same time. It works out. It does every year.Except this year.The little bitch at check-in informed us all they had were single beds and no connecting rooms. She said to guarantee sleeping arrangements, we needed to pay an additional fifteen dollars when booking. One problem.Hotels.com doesn't have a guarantee feature for fifteen dollars, or any amount for that matter.Fifteen adult males in four rooms with four beds. Even if I was gay, it still would have been a problem due to the man stench after day two, a blend of beer farts and that cheap shit perfume strippers wear.If that wasn't bad enough, Bally's stuck us in rooms atop the Indigo Nightclub where those of us who did try to sleep couldn't, due to the rhythmic thumping from 2am to 8 am. Their after-hours party.It gets better.Bally's, in their infinite wisdom, knowing fully well Spring Break and March Madness occurred on the same weekend, booked a handicap convention for the same time.The National Ataxia Foundation.Fucking great.A convention for people who are unable to walk, their only ambulatory device being either a walker or Rascal motorized scooter.No sleep.Trance, albums #1-7 burned into my brain.Feeling bad about myself from cutting off Rascal drivers whenever the first available elevator opened. Who needs that shit.The fifteen of us will take our business anywhere next year but Bally's.Bally's, you suck horse balls.
3	Stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms for a convention. The room was spacious and pretty nice. I had a great view of Paris hotel and everything was clean. Would stay there again in the newly renovated section.
1	I've stayed at seven different hotels on the strip and Bally's was hands-down the worst. And by worst I mean it wasn't even close. Here's the deal: If you are going to operate a hotel/casino as the property that time forgot, and do basically nothing to upgrade/modernize, then fine. But at LEAST either loosen up your gaming OR offer a killer, cheap buffet. Bally's really doesn't do ANYTHING. Going to Vegas once in your life and staying at Bally's and then writing an amazing review on it is like going to McDonald's once in your life and then writing a review about how it has the best cheeseburgers, ever, when you've never even had another cheeseburger. Seriously - read the reviews. People don't enjoy Bally's. They enjoy the proximity to everything ELSE. Of all the stuff to complain about (I could go on, even with the comped room), I thought at least the game floor would be fun. But it's terrible. Everything is from 20 years ago, including the band. We'll never stay here again, even on a comp.
2	The room was pretty nice but there was no hot water in the shower.  The pool area was closed in March but they still charged the full resort fee. We had booked a room with a king bed but they gave us a room with a queen. The location was great though.
3	The line to check in is really long! Also we booked a king bed but got one queen bed! There was no hot water in the shower either. The location of this hotel is great though because it's in the middle of the strip so I liked that.
2	The only reason Im giving this more than one star is because I stayed in the new tower so the room was nice. However, the casino needs to be updated desperately. The downstairs "mall/food court" was depressing and gross. I only went down there to find the pool. The pool was horrible!!!! I didn't even put my towel down, I just got up and left. *You can (& should) go to the Paris pool for free since the two hotels are connected. The Paris pool was very nice! Poolside waitresses serving you drinks/food from 11am-5pmSome may think this hotel is fine, but it's Vegas. We pay a lot of money for an experience. I won't be making that exchange with Ballys again. There are plenty of awesome hotels in Vegas that are trying harder and succeeding.
3	This review is based upon everything except for the hotel since I have never stayed at Bally's.  Overall the casino is nice, but no real theming to it.  The one thing I like is the sports bar that overlooks the sports book, kind of like a skybox.  Restaurant and dining options at Bally's are also good, but not great.My major gripe is Bally's removing their iconic entrance with the wrap-around neon and the moving walkways to make room for shopping.  This is a real turn off for me, and don't think I'll be returning.
4	Our suite in the Jubilee tower was great! Big, quiet, spool and a big walk-in shower. Everything was clean and very up to date in a retro styled fashion sense kinda way... We really enjoyed our stay!
3	We got a decent rate for a one night stay. Booked for a double queen bed and the room was spacious. When we arrived late at the counter there was a long line. Service was slow. Only three people were working on a busy night. So it took awhile to checkin, but the front desk chick was friendly. Our stay on the side of the 8th floor we had a view: the "Linq" strip mall sign, liquor store, the monorail tracks was close so we see it pass by every 30 minutes, Cromwell hotel, the Flamingo hotel and some lights from "The Strip". The comfort level was good because of how spacious our room was. The bath was decent and clean. Our room was non-smoking and didn't stink. The queen bed we slept in was just okay. The kinks:- Hole on the bed sheet - Room AC sounded like a bathroom fan- Electrical outlets are out of place We were told that the newer rooms are on the front of the hotel. Before my stay here I always wondered the theme of this hotel. Is Bally's a Tomorrow-land theme? The monorail that stops by and the round arches at the front hotel entrance makes it seem like it just a tiny bit? Anyways, it's now part of my list of collection of Vegas on the strip hotel stays. Being one of the oldest hotels on strip may not be your typical "Bally's Total Fitness" but if it fits within a budget for a quick stay, it's recommended.
2	24th floor with a partially obstructed view of the Bellagio fountains. NICEAbout everything else average at best. The price/location combo is its saving grace. Anytime I spent at the hotel not sleeping I walked over to Paris.The check-out line on Sunday was ridiculous (it was for check ins too) so I did express check out . . .  sorry check-in people.
1	Worst experience ever!!! Rude receptionist! Not even apologetic that we waited for an hour to check in just to tell us in a rude manner that were not getting our reserved rooms. All their personnels were rude rude rude!!
1	Never stay at Bally's.*Long check in lines*rude receptionist *rude housekeeping*gross beddings*outdated furnitures*poor ventillationBally's is Vegas worst nightmare! Be warned! This place should be shut down!
4	Bally's has done some serious upgrading. The elevators, casino, check-in area, etc. still certainly show their wear, but the rooms in the Jubilee tower are super nice. They're new and modern. Comfy beds. Roomy bathroom. Good linens, furniture, TV, etc. And the view is fabulous. Our room overlooked the Strip with great views of the Eiffel Tower and Bellagio fountains. It was awesome sitting by the window and watching the fountain show. The check-in process was easy and the staff were super friendly. Sure, it's not the best or fanciest casino on the Strip, but the rooms are fab and the location is great.
3	This place is actually okay. I like how it's on the strip and super close to the Cosmo. The rooms are newly renovated. The bathrooms are okay. For the price of the room and what you get you can't really complain.
4	So sad to see they're destroying Bally's 1970's space age outdoor walkway that leads into the casino. To me that was the coolest part of the hotel! Luckily there are still remnants of discos past inside. The hall of mirrors leading from the shops into the casino is pretty awesome. Floor to ceiling mirrors surround you while riding up or down the escalator, while they also provide you with 2 retro photo op areas of mini waterfalls and plastic flowers. Hold onto your past Bally's! Other than that, the casino is pretty typical and staff are friendly. No complaints here. They've also got a good size food court past the shops if you're looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat between casino hopping.
3	Decent place to hang out.  I had the experience waiting for a shuttle bus and all the tour buses that use this as a pickup point.  I would not say it is the most modern and fancy Casino in Vegas and it shows.  I would not have a problem staying here if the price was right.
3	This hotel to me is like a "no frills" type of place.  Rooms are decent sized and clean. Price isn't bad either.
2	We stayed at this hotel in December 2013. The reception line to check in was the slowest ever; it took us two hours to meet the receptionist to start the check-in process and then had to argue for another hour to get a non-smoking room (although we had reserved a non-smoking room in advance).  We had to come back to the reception twice to exchange the keys, because the keys were faulty.Overall, the room was clean and comfortable but the customer service was horrible and the staff were unhelpful. Also, they charge resort fees for the most useless services!
2	We were there for a conference in April 14. Our room was filthy. Trash behind furniture was from St. Patrick's Day. Rug was in need of replacement. Wouldn't stay there again.
3	Bally's was a nice enough spot to stay for our trip to Vegas for my 30th birthday.  We chose Bally's because the rooms had been comped by Total Rewards, and the location on the strip is good.The pros on staying at Bally's:1. Easy access to other properties: Paris, Caesars, Bellagio, Cromwell, Tropicana.2. The room was comped, can't complain about that!3. Staff was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The cons:1. Our keys did not work the first time we tried to use them.  We had to have security let us into the room for the first time and get re-keyed.2. There was some miscommunication when it came to credit-card holds and pre-authorizations.  When we booked the room we were told that the pre-auth was $100.  As it turns out, it was $100 per night, which for us, was $300.  Additionally, because my boyfriend asked that I have charging privileges, they authorized an additional $300, plus some other charges we did not authorize.  We were able to get it straightened out with the front desk, but an up-front explanation would have been better and led to less frustration on our part.That's really it... other than that, it's a place to sleep and shower.  I did enjoy gambling there, the dealers and pit bosses were friendly and the casino was spacious.
3	Room is decent, spacious, clean.I came here with my wife for our 5 year anniversary. We had a good time seeing Brittany Spears. No ironing board, for me I was pissed to find they charge for just about everything, gym yes you have to pay, safe yes please pay, WIFI should be WTF really I have to pay,Oh and you gotta be joking me, room service stops at mid afternoon 1:00 PM.Deal breaker will never stay here again.The Orleans is off the strip but hell it's nicer, and easy to get comps for rooms.
3	We stayed here since the location is right in the middle of the strip. The front if the hotel is under construction so you had to walk around it and go along barriers to get out to the strip. When we came to check in for early check in like a ton of other people they told us the rooms weren't ready yet in our tower (we stayed in the jubilee tower which is recently remodeled) and they took our bags and told us to come back in a couple hours and then the lady gave us a coupon book and said we have an 'excellent' view. Well when we check in later to the room it's a view of the construction which was horrible. When the bell person delivered our stuff I asked why the view was so shitty. They told me to request to be moved to an odd number room since those face the paris pool, Eiffel Tower and the strip. I called and they finally transferred us and the view was great. Oh the coupon book they have us was 2 months expired btw. So the room was nice but there was dirty underwear in the corner and some weird marks above the bed which I don't even want to know about. The casino is ok, has keno and waitresses are good at bringing drinks if you play table games. Not fancy though, pretty old. Planet Hollywood is a couple casinos down and it's WAY prettier. Also some casinos must use a scented filter or something because they smell so good and ballys does not have that. It's was a decent stay all in all though.
3	Went here for a girl's weekend and was looking for something middle of the road and cost-efficient but not off The Strip.We got there early and had the option to pay $30 to check in early but there weren't any rooms available so we just dumped our bags with the bellhop (for free).When we did get into the room, it wasn't great. Asked for non-smoking room and it was like a cave of cigarette smoke and there were burn holes on the sheets on the bed. Totally tacky and gross. We called down and got a new room fairly quickly and it was MUCH better.THE GOOD*Bed and pillows were fantastic!*Room is huge, bathroom is huge, shower pressure is nice*Location is really great--close to everything and there's a bus stop right in front*The gym is FANTASTIC! Huge! Nice equipment! It's worth the $20*The pool was really nice and fairly low-key. Still the party atmosphere but not totally douchey and it was never so crowded we couldn't get chairs. *Casino was small but it was nice and looked newly remodeled.THE BAD*The drinks at the pool are SUPER expensive and I don't think they actually put alcohol in them. WASTE OF MONEY*The lady at the front desk was kind of rude when we were checking in but everyone else that worked there was super nice, so not sure where to rate this...I would stay here again for an affordable weekend trip. If I was looking for something a little fancier, I'd probably stay somewhere else.
1	Only positive is location..rooms old & smelled smoky, even though asked for non-smoking. Room was missing an iron & bathroom faucet had a broken handle. Rude check-in personnel & total rewards guy was no help & even ruder than check-in staff. So many other choices on strip, don't waste your money. Won't be back!
1	Early check-in fee was 25% of the daily cost of the room. Desk staff is unfriendly and surly. Room service: The continental breakfast was terrible, the turkey and avocado sandwich was huge and quite good.  The hotel amenities are just okay, nothing special, particularly when paying a $20/day resort fee. The only good service I received over my entire trip was from the bell staff. They were friendly and helpful throughout my stay. Fast forward to check out. I was overbilled at checkout for an upgrade for which I never agreed. After 20 minutes, yes I timed it, he comes back and says that the person who checked me in isn't there and they can't find my check-in record (sorry, but isn't this the digital age) but that they go through a very detailed check in procedure and he doesn't understand what happened. I believe I was just called a liar. Then, instead of apologizing for their mistake, he says "Sorry this is taking so long, but we're very careful when we're giving away money." Wow. Giving away money? How about rectifying YOUR mistake? Fortunately, I had a good cushion before my plane left. And fortunately I was too tired to make a scene, Needless to say, Bally's is off my list of future Vegas stays. This people is what happens when you cheap out. Actually, that's not true. I've had better service from a Motel 6.
4	Alright so me and my boyfriend stayed here for 4 nights! On a Saturday we checked in at about 2 pm. Everything went smooth we asked for a King bed got a room in the indigo towers, nice clean room, quiet the whole time. No complaints wish they had refrigerators but then again like WIFI that everyone is complaining about they obviously don't want you in your rooms playing on your phones or computers, bringing your own food they want you out on those floors spending that MONEY! Vegas doesn't get rich by giving free stuff away!!! But anyway the Casino sucked small & no winnings. Other than that staff was nice, security was friendly front desk just did there job, not going out of there way to be a smiling happy clown or anything but for the price and experience id recommend it to another!
4	Great hotel for the price. Much more affordable than other hotels, but you sacrifice some of the glamour.We arrived to Vegas at 9am. Check-in isn't until 4pm, but they will hold your bags for you for free if you arrive early. Watch for timeshare solicitors right when you walk in. If you want some free tickets, have 3-4 hours to spare, and can give a firm no, you could talk to them. If not, avoid wasting your time.You can get a mini-fridge for the room if you ask when checking in. We upgraded our room for $50/night, but we didn't really need it considering we never really spent time in our room. In retrospect, it was a waste (though might be something others would want). Room was clean and spacious. Safe was included (someone else wrote that they had to pay extra?)Good central location on the strip. Drinks ARE a little expensive, but if you are gambling, they are generous with their comps. All in all, it balanced out. I wish night time room service was an option.
4	when you're in vegas, you think of two things for the hotel you stay in, does it have a moderately tolerable bath facility and bed to snooze in and where it's located in the stripballys meets above criterias with a cheap affordable price, done deal, see you in vegas
1	You know when airlines started taking away all the little things that you didn't realize were little things that you appreciated before. Well, Bally's is like those airlines that has taken away all those little things that you didn't totally appreciate before.1. Room service is only served from 6am to 1pm. One o'clock. In the AFTERNOON. In LAS VEGAS!! WTF?!?!2. Got back to the room at almost midnight my first night there and realized we were out of toothpaste. Most hotels, you can call the front desk and they'll send up a travel size tube of toothpaste. Not Bally's! My super-tired fiance, who'd been working a convention all day, had to go downstairs to purchase toothpaste. 3. My fiance needed our last night there to be charged to his personal card since the other nights he stayed were going onto his company card to be expensed. The guy at check out made it seem like it was all taken care of but today, my fiance found out that they charged ALL the nights to his personal card. He's now been on the phone with them for 2 hours trying to get the issue resolved. This place should really just call itself a MOTEL.
4	Recently stayed in Ballys for my friends 30th birthday.the hotel is located directly in the heart of Vegas.Lovely clean rooms close to all the nightlife and great restaurants etc.Walking distance to everywhere you need to go.I would stay here again as the staff and hotel is just perfect.The pool is very clean and has a great atmosphere.I need to Mention TJ the concierge he was amazing at booking us a trip to Grand Canyon ,letting us know places to see and do.TJ is for sure a valued key employee of Ballys and because of his professionalism and amazing advice we thoroughly enjoyed our holiday.Thanks TJ
4	Ballys is brilliant. It has the friendliest dealers of anywhere we went. It's really affordable, especially mid week. The rooms were nice and all the staff were friendly. If you're doing Vegas and don't care about being 5* Ballys is the best bet!
1	This is a review based mainly on their Hotel:First of all, don't expect to be ordering room service once here. The room service is open 6am-1pm. ONE IN THE AFTERNOON! I got here at a later time starving and tired, and I was basically forced to go downstairs to simply get food. Almost everything is overpriced on their menu as well. If 4 guests are eating, you gotta pay an EXTRA $5. If more than 4 guests are eating, it's an addition of $2 per person. Seriously. Once I got to the point of ordering room service the lady claimed some items weren't available until 11am, when clearly on the menu it states 6am. There were other people around me and the lady on the phone for room service was RUDE! She got all grumpy just because there were people talking in the background. Secondly, they practically make you pay for everything. The internet is $13.99 per device for 24 hours a day. For people who don't own a hotel room here, it's $9.99 for 2 hours. What a rip off. To work out at the gym, it's $20. Just to exercise. *sigh*Now to the actual rooms. The rooms itself are pretty gigantic. But, if you take a closer look at things it's EXTREMELY unsanitary/not cleaned. I found half eaten chocolate strawberries as well as a bag of pie in the fridge. It seemed like they were there for quite a long time... Random areas on the carpet were wet when I walked on it, which was a little awkward especially not knowing what it was. The furniture was covered in hair (not mine) and had stains throughout the sofas.  I sat on one of the chairs and there was crumbs of something on it. Ew! Also, this isn't really a big deal but the bathroom toilet paper and the trash cans weren't even changed on arrival. Ehh..This IS my first time experiencing Bally's and I'm pretty sure it'll be my last. One star for this. I definitely would recommend any of the hotels around this such as Bellagio though.
3	I was pretty impressed with my stay at Bally's. We booked using the Hotel Tonight app, and my expectations were not high. One downside is that they share a parking lot with Paris. So if you self park you'll have a bit of a walk to the check-in desk. Checking in was the roughest part of the experience just because it took so long. We arrived at 10:45 pm and I didn't expect there to be a check-in line. I waited for about 40 minutes and everyone around me was becoming super grumpy. They did not have enough staff to check everyone in. There were only 2 people tending to the regular line, and 3 tending to the Platinum Member line. One I reached the counter though, the woman was super pleasant. She was able to quickly give me a room with 2 beds and add my friend's name to the room so that she could come pick up a key later.They did a very good job with the remodel. I was surprised when I saw our room! It was nicely decorated and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was all new and clean. There was a good amount of floor space, 2 plush chairs (that someone can combine to sleep on), mirrored table, a long dresser, and desk. BONUS: the room comes with a mini fridge! Our room had a view of the new Linq. There is a cafe downstairs by the elevators if you need something quick to eat. Bally's name doesn't hold a glamorous connotation but once you're inside you will be surprised. Plus, it is right in the center of the strip. You can easily get to any other hotel by a short walk or cab ride. I felt that the price here was fair and I will stay here again when I am on one of my non-extravagant Vegas trips.
3	Bally's is old people, the place has been around forever, of course it's not as new and shiny as Wynn, Cosmopolitan & Aria, but you're also not paying $300 per night either, so you get what you pay for, it's a room with a bed and bathroom, you're not in Vegas to stay in your room, you're in Vegas to gamble, drink and party!The Good:PriceBedsStaffJubilee TowerThe Bad:CigarettesClub MusicConstructionThe Ugly:NoneAll in all, it was a good value for the room, I would rather stay next door at Paris, but if they were booked, I would stay at Bally's again. The beds were super comfy.
1	Service sucks. Book couple room suppose to b all the same but it's not. One room was 3 and a half larger than out other room. Customer service was no help. This place is gonna lose costumes.
4	When I come to Vegas I come to eat and gamble. Hotel rooms are just for quick naps and showers. Bally's was offering me free rooms. How can I not say yes to that? They ended up upgrading my room to the jubilee tower free of charge because I am a platinum member. Yes All I do is gamble! Staff and dealers here are very friendly. Overall rooms were clean although when we first entered our non smoking room it smelled like someone just let a cigarette. Luckily I had a small bottle of freeze to take care of that. Bally's is conveniently located on the strip, which makes it convenient to any other casino.
4	My gf and I like to try a new hotel whenever we go to Vegas, but this past trip limited our options thanks to the massive real estate convention going on, which inflated average room prices two-to-threefold. As a result, we wound up picking Bally's because they had a great rate and my girl had stayed here once before and liked it. What we didn't know is that they're doing major renovations on the hotel street side facade. The escalator that leads down to the Strip is being torn up, making room for new shops and shit. This makes parking a bit of a headache, as you have to drive through a maze just to get into the main structure. But the good news is that it's easy to find a space near the elevators so you won't have to walk too far. The long walking comes once you hit the ground level, when you've got to walk through a concourse to Bally's since you're actually in Paris at the moment. Check-in was done at Vegas' usual slow standards. I found it annoying that the only king bed available was on the pet floor. If I book a king bed online, I should get a king bed on a normal floor. Luckily, this "pet floor" was quiet and clean. The rooms are pretty nice, maybe a bit antiquated. Furniture and fixtures looked like '90s relics, but it did feel comfortable. We had a decent view of the Strip from our side room, and the love seat by the window was easy to melt into. The pool is a major pain to reach. Take the elevator down to the ground floor, then navigate through their underground strip mall/food court before finally reaching the towel bar. It's a big pool, and surprisingly deep, hitting 12' at the lowest point. We had no problem finding a couple of chairs. The pool bar was out of mint, so I was unable to enjoy a goddamn refreshing mojito, so I settled for a Shock Top. Bring plenty of cash if you're gonna drink here, because it ain't cheap. The hotel itself has few restaurants for a quick bite. We went out more often than we ate in, but the area between Bally's and Paris has a couple of food spots worth checking out. I can't say I'm in a rush to stay here again, but they did provide good service and a good room. Nothing blew me away, but then nothing turned me off so much I wouldn't come back. If you want mid-priced rooms in a good location (middle of the Strip), then this is the spot.
1	Be careful!!!!!!!!!!!!!Someone might be already in your room!!They made same card keys for two groups. When I opened my room, someone was already in there. !!!!!!!!!!!That means your baggage might be stolen anytime  by someone who has same card key as yours or someone might come in your room when you are taking shower!!! That's not safe at all!!!!!They didn't take this serious,didn't even show sincere apologize , just said"I can give you a free upgrade."We asked for manager, but they said manager was not at front desk. I asked them to tell their manager to come to out room to explain this situation, but he never showed up. That was my worst experience in Vegas.
3	I'd have given a better rating but the internet access & cost of it at this property is ridiculous.  I can go to Starbucks for free internet that is faster!  Shame on Bally's.  The hotel is currently hosting an eBay gathering. eBay is an online company. I'm betting the ebayers aren't happy. I wasn't.
4	Overall the experience at Bally's was great! Check-in was fast and staff was friendly! Room was clean, bed was comfortable, pillows were the perfect stiff to soft ratio, had plenty of towels, and very spacious! Bally's is going through some renovation right now so you do have to go around all of the construction in order to get to the strip. This was a little inconvenient but hey, they are just trying to make it a better place so it's understandable! The decor inside is a little dated but the comfortable bed and spacious room made up for it! This is definitely not Bellagio or Aria kind of nice but it is also at half the price! I barely stay in my hotel anyways. The location is also the selling point of this hotel! You are at the middle of the strip which is so convenient!
2	First, they overcharged us for our room. We walked in to book and were promised "best available" pricing.  After we agreed, we found the same room on the internet for half the price they quoted.  On top of that we had nearly $100 in taxes and "resort fees" for a two night stay!  The resort fees are a rip off.Second, the rooms were ok but no amenities like a coffee pot.Third, the room was nice but the rest of the hotel was quite run down.Fourth, the internet and lobby coffee were outrageously expensive.The only reason I give it two stars is that they allow dogs.
2	Service just about, 20min wait on wed check in, room is nice but bathroom door doesnt lock, moldy cabinet under the sink, no coffee machine,  luke warm water when it's 104 degree outside, maids come around 8:30am opening doors with their key then knocked every door, free wireless acess for one device with poor instruction and doesn't even work.  They should treat every customer as their first visit if they want returning  patronage.
2	2 Stars.  But I love this hotel.  Give me this over the Mirage any day.  Yeah it is clearly for the 40+ crowd.  The ones with all the money!  When I go to Vegas I pretty much stay at the hotel I am staying at.  But yes I am 45!!! And I am writing this at 2:54am.  but if I was in your casino, I would have little choice in food.  So the next day when you drag your ass out of bed and find that room service stopped at 1PM!!! (Sounds like the Elks lodge)...You get a little pissy.  Damn do you not get that when we go to a hotel, having your food delivered is special!  Open another restaurant and cook out of there!!!  And quit acting likes its 7pm on a Sunday in Ohio!
1	Was threatened to have my car towed because I stepped away for no more than two minutes to look for the valets. Had a 30 minute wait to check in. Despite what the website and signage tell you it costs $22 to use the gym. It's the year 2014 and WiFi costs $15 a day. Shampoo but no conditioner. Oh and when I walked into my room for the first time there was a blueberry in the bathroom sink. All in all Bally's made for a genuine WTF experience. With all the options in Vegas I say anywhere but here.
1	I asked lady at the lobby for three rooms with a view at hotel Bellagio. She said we have them but they cost almost three times more than a regular room. I agreed to pay extra money, however when we got to our rooms, only one had a right view. Two of them were looking everywhere but at the Bellagio. Also, your room i separated from other guests room only by the door, so if you have kids, I would not recommend to bring them to Bally's with you
2	We stayed her for our little Staycation night. We got there about 4:30-5pm, enough time to check in, relax for just a bit and then off to dinner before our show. We parked in the back lot, stupid because didn't know better, and since it was just a night we were only lugging around two overnight bags but the walk, otherwise fine, with bags it's not. We couldn't figure out that maize of construction to park in the garage we circled it twice before giving up and listen neither of us lack common sense. Anyway, so on the front desk, gosh! I haven't stayed on the strip since before I moved here and really the check in line at that time! I thought by then it would have been shorter nope! We didn't have time for that s#&^! So back to the car with the bags. **enter long story of our fun night** *Back at the hotel, I wanted to be able to come back to the hotel to crash out from a drunken state and not have to worry about 'business' So I bucked up and tried to act normal. Since we couldn't wait prior, were checking in at about 2am or something late. "We upgraded you to the newly renovated tower" Oh sweet! No! It was right next to the elevators. They didn't have anything else available because we were the late checking in. So we had not choice to deal with it. It ended up not being that bad but remember the drunk part....The room itself was nice, it was clean and upgraded and we had a great view of the Linq and surrounding sights. There was a little grim in the sink that you could only see while sitting on the toilet. The bed wasn't super soft and comfy like I prefer a hotel bed to be, it was on the stiff/hard side but not unbearable. The thing that got me was that when I booked my room I got a $25 food and beverage credit. After we check in we went to the Mexican restaurant that they have there, Tequila Bar & Grill. I charged it to the room per the manager of the restaurant. We dropped our keys in the express check out. And the next thing I know my card is charged for the food! Grr! The line in the morning were check out and check in and slow just like the night before! So now I have to go out of my way to make the phone which is painfully impossible to get a manager on the phone. Which at this current time I've actually given up on. I need to call again, but I hate tracking someone down. Anyway, the point is when I asked to speak to a manager and the phone rings and rings and they don't even have a voicemail! Is there someone even on the other end? Did you just transfer me to a phony phone number? Lame! When we returned to the hotel at night we valet not wanting to walk the walk with the bags again. In the morning, it took 15 minutes for them to get my car. There were people getting their cars that came up after us, we were about to ask about it but then we see my car. The attendant was nice and apologized for the wait that they had the wrong description/wrong space of my car and he couldn't find it. Awesome! Can't comment on the casino or much else as that is all we did in the hotel that evening.
4	If you're looking for a nice decent hotel that has a fair price and a nice size room than Ballys is the place for you. I have stayed here twice already and have enjoyed my stay. The place has a casino just like any other hotel but doesn't have a good Buffett or a shopping mall like the other hotels. If you want a small shopping center and a nice buffet to attend to than there's always the Paris Hotel that's connected next to Ballys. Paris also has a nice casino environment to gamble rather than Ballys. The reason why I'm giving this hotel 4 stars is because of the price and the size of the room. Here's a tip, if you have a large party you want to cram in one room, may I suggest getting the sine King size bedroom because with that you'll get a larger room.
3	All in all this a great casino to stay at if you're on a budget and want to be at an amazing location. It is located pretty much in the center of the main strip and the monorail stops here. It is also connected to the Paris for a little classier option for food and drinks. The pool is good, however, no outside drinks are permitted so either pay $15 a drink or sneak them in in a pool bag. The rooms were very clean and staff was very friendly and helpful. I would consider staying here again, however, if you are single there are other hotels that are suppose to be more single friendly. The breakfast buffet here is absolutely horrible!!! It makes you feel like you are at a holiday inn! I ate it once and never went back and never will. Check out the other hotels or just go to the Paris and get yourself a crepe and coffee. You'll be much better off. They lure you in with $11.99 and the food is not fresh and drinks are not included unless you drink water...coffee and juice is $2. I recommend going down to Fremont street with the monorail and Bus to the Golden Nugget. For $15 you get the most amazing breakfast buffet I've had, fresh omelette, fruit, bread, meat, drinks, and desserts. It's worth the trip down there and Fremont street is worth seeing at least once.There is a bar and casino right across the street that advertises super cheap drinks. It's worth going there. You will get a good amount of people watching even though it looks shadey on the outside and loaded for $20.
3	This is just average. The drink service was poor and of the entire hr we were there no one asked if we wanted a drink. The people at the roulette tables were bland. The highlight for me was playing the digital roulette. That's probably the only reason I'll come here. Also, lots of machines were out of order. I expected more from this place.
3	This review is just for the casino part of Bally's. Bally's is making improvements to the exterior and finally doing something about those useless "moving" walkways that never seem to move. The plans for it look really nice and I can't wait to go back and see the final product. The casino inside is the same as always. Nothing really stands out for me at this casino though and we probably just visit because we always stay near there and it's on the way to other casinos. The staff at the Total Rewards desk was very friendly when we redeemed some free play. I'm excited to see what the new renovations will bring!
3	I have stayed here many times in the past. I like this hotel because it is located on a monorail station and because the service is pretty good. I was here on business as usual. I usually stay at either the Planet Hollywood or the adjacent Paris hotels. I would rate all three of these hotels to be about the same. I personally prefer the Planet Hollywood only because it is a little more of a happening hotel.The historic Flamingo is a little bit lower only because of it's age, but, I like this location along the strip. As you can see from my pics my Bally's room was 6418, which cost $177 inclusive of all fees. Currently Bally's is under reconstruction so the front of the hotel is a big mess. As long as you stay away from the front of the hotel you will be ok. You may not want to stay here if you plan to exit the front to walk the strip. You can't walk straight out as usual , because the moving walkways are not installed yet.
3	Considering its location, right at the major intersection with Bellagio, Caesars Palace, Cromwell, it's the best bang for your buck as long as you're ok with not the lastest, modern chic decor.  Though I hear the Jubilee Tower is much nicer, but hey for $285 including tax, 3 nites, airfare direct from Vancouver, BC, I'm not complaining lol.Not the most fancy lobby.Too bad about the movator that's being put out of service temporarily while construction's going on, looks like a mall will be happening.
3	We went to Bally's to catch a 7pm show of Jubilee! This is not a review for the hotel rooms.The casino was clean and there were a lot of options for video gambling (I don't play tables). Only downside was that it was tough to find a bathroom from the front enterance.
4	Nice large room, good location on the strip. Nice that you can use Paris and planet Hollywood pool as ballys is the worst pool area. Great price and $20/day food credit on my reservation sealed the deal
3	Long lines to check in.  I had to request to speak to a manager.  I got am upgrade for free.  Hotel employees were catering to Platinum and Seven Stars Guests first.  I spend money like everyone else.  So they upgraded me from a basic room to the new Art Decco room with a view of the strip.  It's very nice.  Comfortable beds with a walk in shower.  You can hear the music coming from Drai's nightclub at the Cromwell.  The waiting time for the elevators is too long.  This hotel hosts many conventions.  Be prepared to wait everywhere.
4	We stayed in the remodeled tower and I have to say I was impressed. I was sceptical going into booking a room here but, once we walked in all my doubts went away. I can't speak for any of the other towers but, the remodeled ones. They have upgraded bedding, televisions, beautiful beds, and really put a lot of thought into the layout of the rooms. I will say this the bed was so comfortable my husband had a hard time getting me out of it that we almost missed our flight. It's also a great location for all the new attractions on the strip as well. Only down fall was the casino....I thought some of the staff was great and others were very detached and almost rude.
4	My friends and I stayed here in March for my birthday and we had a ball! We stayed in the Jubilee tower which was really nice and in addition to being attached to the Paris hotel, Bally's is also directly in the center of the strip! You can't lose! (Unless you hit the slots, in which case... I don't know). The only downside we experienced is that when we went they were doing construction on the big escalator out front that some other reviewers pictured, but other than that I thought everything was awesome!
2	Never, ever pay to upgrade your room. They will tell you your room will be nicer...and you will end up with an awful view, the previous occupant's shirt will be hanging in your closet, you won't get the bed(s) you asked for...and when you call to complain?  You will be told, rudely, that you can pretty much suck it.  I am REALLY mad and don't care who knows it.
3	Bally's property itself is okay, but beware.The North side of this tower overlooks a new (and obnoxiously LOUD) dayclub / nightclub called Drai's at The Cromwell. It's a nightmare. Fist-pumping music until 5am! Even with quality earplugs, the noise could not be muffled. And it's making all kinds of noise even in the afternoon so the rooms are unusable from afternoon until 5am! Calling the front desk, they tell me that the South side of the Jubilee Tower is "even worse" -- something about a club at The Paris.While the Indigo Tower is probably further away but they haven't been refreshed for 10 years. Cheap single pane windows aren't helping, but even double pane windows would not keep out the noise. If you like club music in your room, this is the hotel for you!If only they could do something about the nightclub -- which is on top of one of their other Total Rewards properties. The hotel isn't all that bad but when you can't sleep or rest, it does get annoying.
2	Considering it was free, I cannot complain too much, and Jimbo the blackjack dealer is fratty and awesome, but there's a good chance if you go to the pool you'll be the best looking person there. Ain't nobody go got time for looking at that for am extended period of time.
5	I don't have many complaints about this place. The rooms in the south tower floor 7 and 8 were clean and nice. I switched the room after one night as there were people who were loud the entire night in the neighbor room. The pool is rather small, but the sauna area is pretty good for American standards.Resort/internet fee is 14$/night. Staff has been friendly.I had a breakfast coupon for 9$ in food per day. There are two food places I could use it at, which tend to be very busy in the morning. I called and asked, if they could prepare the food and I just come pick it up, but no everyone has to be in line for half an hour.Valet worked smoothly. I lost my valet slip one time, but it was no big deal. I had to fill out a form and had my car within 20 min.The location is great of course.
4	This is where me and my boyfriend stay during our annual Vegas trips.On our last trip in March of this year, the lady at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful. She also told us Bally's does a FREE shuttle to the Rio and some other affiliated hotels. I didn't check out the pools, but Bally's guests also get free access to the Paris pool. I love how there's a small, casual food court (Johnny Rocket's, Sbarro, etc.), it's connected to the Paris hotel, it's pretty decently priced, and the rooms are clean and spacious. It's located in the PERFECT spot on the strip with a short walk to places like Carnaval Court, Caesars, and Planet Hollywood.
5	Wow... and I mean WOW!!! We booked at Bally's because we got a deal and I don't think this review will express how fantastic our room was! We stayed in room 7206 in the newly renovated Jubilee tower and our suite was GIGANTIC. They say size doesn't matter, but those folks aren't staying in a suite! Our room had two queen sized beds, a living room, giant TV, two desks and a rather large area in the corner that puzzled us for a bit. I finally realized that the space is left vacant so guests can request roll away beds via housekeeping. Genius! You spend little time in your hotel room in Vegas so this totally makes sense if you've got a big group of people. In addition to a great view, our room came with mini fridge and fully stocked coffee maker. Right outside our room was the ice machine and The location is perfect as it's right across from Cromwell's / Drai's Beach Club, Caesars and Bellagio. A few minutes walk away from great shopping and my favorite pizza at the Cosmo. Although the casino isn't fancy, that's totally okay with me because that means the tables are much cheaper to play at than it's nearby counterparts. Even the pool was wonderful in that it was super chill and great for taking a dip before a night out on the town. The only negative we had during our weekend getaway was the elevators do take awhile sometimes but man, were we entertained by all the characters! If you're looking for a sweet deal and perfect location, Bally's is the place for you and your party posse! It's a 1950s relic that's finally stepping into the now. Make sure you get upgraded to the new tower because it'll make all the difference!!!
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #2:Bally's = well, I thought I would hate this place, but you know, it's alright; I think it defines "average" and "mid-scale" as far as Las Vegas goes, but it would be a pretty nice place in a smaller town; it's literally attached to Paris, which is a solid step upwards vs. Bally's; a decided lack of good dining options - other than the steakhouse, everything is lower-end; the dealer women (not hot chicks) have to wear god-awful uniforms or ugly Hawaiian-style shirts; there's a gay nightclub here, which seems strange in such a non-hip casino; the 26th floor has some mostly empty big conference rooms with good views of The Strip; best craft brew bet = um, not good...maybe get a Rogue Dead Guy ale from the casino sundries shop.
5	This is my "go to Hotel" whenever I come to Vegas.  The rooms are clean, comfortable and affordable.  The hotel is adjacent to the Paris Hotel and has an aircon walkway with shops, bars and restaurants which line the walkway.  The Bally's is right across from Bellagio and Ceasars.   The Cromwell is also across the street.  Just 2 hotels north, you are at the LINQ where the Bolt Bus stop is located.  This place places you in the center of everything.  Theres construction right now in front of the hotel, but don't let that discourage you from checking in here.  It doesn't affect your stay at all.
3	I was a little harsh on my earlier review.  SOLID hotel.  But I still have a hang up when I cant get room service for lunch or dinner
3	Would only want to stay here again if we are able to book a room in the newly renovated section (Jubilee Tower.) Apparently, we stayed here years ago, but I don't recall feeling particularly one way or the other. That indifference remains after our last stay, hence the 3 stars. The casual eateries are pretty shitty (Sidewalk Cafe, I'm talkin' to you), but the fancier joints (BLT Steak & Sea: the Thai Experience), which we didn't try, looked promising. Love, love, love the location -- connects with Paris & is spitting distance to the relatively newer attractions on the strip (the cromwell, the linq/the quad, the cosmo.) Amenity I enjoyed most: being able to use Paris' & Planet Hollywood's pools, which are far superior to Bally's.
3	Just complete a stay at Bally's Las Vegas and I was fairly disappointed. The good: Upgraded rooms are nice but I don't think they purchased new mattresses as mine was lumpy and sagged in the middle. The bad:  Room service only operates from 6am-1pm.  That's right, no late night breakfast after being out gambling until 2am.The really bad: The upgraded rooms on the south side of the tower are subjected to the noise from the Chateau night club at the Paris. Generally hotels will let you know this at check-in but they failed to and on my second night there, VERY loud until after 3am. In the end, the Front Desk Manager, Ronin, took care of a few of our room charges for the trouble. All in all, Bally's has quit a bit of work to do to catch up to it's neighbors on the strip. I personally will not be staying there again.
1	I booked a room here for a friends birthday in January for a planned trip in July.  So, booking early I got a GREAT deal for the room.  Needless to say this was the ONLY positive I got out of this trip.  I get there early about 10am before the stated check in time, and notice there was a line for early check in.  I come to Vegas at least once a year, so I know there is an extra charge for early check in at some if not most hotels.  So, no problem.  I'm in my 30's, so I'm no obnoxious 21 year old who stumbles in looking to check in early.  I approach the counter and the lady instantly tells me "There is an early check in fee."  No "Welcome To Bally's" No "Good Morning" nothing. I had an excellent flight that morning and was with a friend, so I shrugged it off no big deal, but in my mind it definitely rubbed me the wrong way.  I end up using my Debit card for incidentals and the lady made it a point "Are you sure you have enough funds, because you're not going to be refunded for 7-10 days?"  I wanted to say to her, "Are you kidding me?" But, I didn't.  I was not rude at one moment with her, but really didn't understand why she made it like I was cheap or something.  So, customer service at the start of my stay EXTREMELY POOR.I get to my room and instantly check out the view.  Nice view of the new ferris wheel and Drais, so I liked it until I looked at the seal and the windows.  The paint was chipping and the seal was rusted.  Again, no big deal to me, but I know some clean freaks that would've been urked at the sight.  Began to get ready and jumped in the shower.  Bathroom was comfortable, amenities were fully stocked, but halfway through my shower, the drain wouldn't drain so I'm knee deep in soap water.  Call the front desk and they tell me they're going to send someone up.  Maintenance guy comes and explains to me he can snake the drain and its going to take 15 minutes he needs to get his equipment.  While I'm waiting, 5 minutes later front desk calls my room and rudely says to me "You need to open your door, the maintenance guy is waiting" I opened the door and see a completely different maintenance guy asking "What's the problem?"  Utterly confused I call the front desk and ask for a new room.  As I get off the phone, now there's two more maintenance guys trying to drain 1 tub.  This entire time, from the front desk to now this situation I attempted to remain calm, but now it just got ridiculous.  So, my grade for the room...EXTREMELY POOR (and by the way they did NOT give me another room after my request for one).My trip was Sat-Mon and all of this happened on a Saturday morning.  I wanted to stay away as much as I could from the hotel which I did, some of the good things about this hotel were the buffet was decent, the elevators were fast and the beds did provide a good sleep.  Taxis and shuttles just like any other hotel were a little tough to get a hold of, but another tip spend an extra couple bucks and get one of those SUV/shuttles that aren't taxis but charge a flat rate rather than a timed rate.  My last comment on why I'm rating this a terrible experience, when I checked out Monday morning I am pleasantly greeted by the lady at the front desk (ironic right?) asks for the card I paid for incidentals.  She swipes my card and says "You should see your refund in the next day or two" I couldn't believe it, but by the time I got back home Monday afternoon, I see the refund waiting in my account.  So, what was the first lady talking about I had to wait 7-10 days, then this lady tells me 24-48 hours?  Very poor overall experience.  I will NEVER stay at Bally's Las Vegas ever again.
4	This is my second time staying at this hotel.First time was 2 years ago and it sucked. I have to say the hotel upgraded a lot and cleaned up well.Room- room was compt from my friends Player's comps. We got the jubilee tower suite which was a big room I would say about 950 square feet. More then enough space to hold a party or a room of drinks.My only issue with the room was the AC. The room was to big for the AC to keep the room cool. Bathroom was kind of small for a suite. But decor was nice, and close to elevators, and a view of the north strip. The elevators were a nightmare. Only 3 elevators for the top 12 floors. One of the elevators was out of order so leaving 2 elevators in service. Sometimes we waiting as long as ten mins to get to the room, and cramed in the elevator. Casino-is nice and cleaned up well from the last time I stayed. Hotel doesn't smell old. Casino is not as big as the other hotels but it's also not crowded which makes it pleasant to gamble. Downstairs 24hr daily deli was awesome. Hotel-staff is extra nice and attentive and polite. They don't have sticks up their asses like some of the higher end hotels. Maid turn down service was fast and I honestly didn't notice she was in the room cleaning. She even brought us more water and ice and towels. Extra tip to her Over all this hotel was good. Only the elevators being slow and crappy is why this did not get 5 star.
3	This review is for the LA comedy club.  Got VIP tix, meant all you can drink...cheap beer or wine for 29 minutes before they opened the doors to the general public...uh, can we upgrade to the wine that you open with a cork screw or better beer that doesn't start with bud or coors...good thing I like coors...but prefer imports or blue moon...too bad we only pounded two rounds...oh, how we have matured since college.  Good comedians and great security, can I get back to my seat, my wrist band doesn't mean anything...overall good experience and good comedians
5	Ballys is my personal favorite place to stay when in Las Vegas. Its location is very convenient to everything. The check in line is sometimes very long, there is about a 30 minute wait. I suggest arriving early and pay the early check in fee if you dont like waiting. The staff is great. Sometimes too great... housekeeping comes by a few times a day to see if you need anything. That can be a bit annoying if you have the do not disturb sign up. =/ The rooms are nice and very, very clean. I always get an awesome view of either the strip or the paris. If you want total quiet I dont suggest these views. You can hear music playing all night. The Indigo Towers arent newly remodeled like the Jubilee Tower is, therefore, the Indigo Towers cost less, but the rooms are still clean. There is always covered parking available, and its free. They dont have cable really... but you can purchase new movies for $11.99. =] The Ballys Casino is my ultimate fave casino in LV. I recommend this hotel and casino.
4	Money Money... Money.. Nice place to play and stay
4	Bally's is one of my favorite hotels to stay at. I decided to stay here for my birthday weekend since it in the middle of the strip (walking distance to Planet Hollywood, Caesar's, Drai's). There's also a free shuttle to Rio.  When I checked in, Nilo was very friendly and patient. I was upgraded from a classic suite to a Jubilee Celebrity suite for a discounted rate. The upgrade suite was beautiful and spacious! Besides from the hotel, I felt the slot machines were pretty limited. The restaurants here are also limited. The food court is hidden at the back of the hotel. But because Bally's is conveniently located in the middle, it's very close to walk to nearby hotels with more restaurant choices. Overall, Bally's is an affordable and convenient hotel to stay at.
1	I have been a loyal guest of this hotel for the last 12 years. Unfortunately I will no longer frequent this property.  The rooms and public areas were very dirty. They changed the Indigo lounge & no longer have the band that provided much needed energy to spark the atmosphere. They took away the affordable buffet and replaced it with a Brunch that is $90 per person and the other main restaurant closes at 2pm. Although they seem to be making upgrades, they seem to be going for the over 70 crowd.  Time to say Bye-Bye Ballys and hello MGM.
2	Bally's will do in a pinch but you can do much better in Las Vegas. Our recent two-night stay at Bally's included a bout with food poisoning from the their in-casino "deli". Apparently - a chicken-salad sandwich on a hot day/night was not a good idea. We think it was the chicken or mayo or both. Our room was nothing special. The carpet was old and wifey said the whole place smelled like "old cigarette smoke". The Valet guy was rude when I went into the wrong lane. They have construction going on and I was confused. The wait at check-in was lengthy. : ((What did we like? The view across the way of The Cromwell, and High Roller.
1	The review is for the craps table. We went to this hotel for the pool, we booked a cabana via groupon; while leaving the fun pool we stopped at a caps table and one of the side dealers were switched out. I said "yay they must have brought In the guy who's the got luck." This douchebags name was Pedro. So his response to me while I'm standing behind my husband was....are you ready for this....."take your top off!" Seriously!  my fast response was a very stern NO! It took a minute to register to my husband what this dude said. So loosing $200 we left and Pedro got a nice talking to by my husband and I'm sure his pit boss. I hope that jerk learned his lesson that you don't speak to women like that and lost his job.
4	Coming off of Rand's suggestion and well, free rooms we get from my father in law for spending (blowing?) a lot of money in this place, we stayed at Bally's. The casino area is crowded but they usually have someone on stage performing and you get to really experience the excitement of the casino atmosphere. Check in can be a nightmare, so slow at times but if you are VIP, they have a checkout/in for that. The rooms are pretty quiet, we stayed in the North Tower for three days if that helps. Prices for rooms seemed reasonable. Although the rooms were free, I can confirm that the LV sandwich trick does work here. Shhh, don't tell them I sent you! Eat a Gordon Ramsey Burger in Paris downstairs!
3	Not Bad, Not Great. It is a pretty standard Hotel. The Steakhouse, though is great.I would also recommend skipping the Jubilee Show.
3	I reserved a king size bedroom, at arrival, the lady at the check in pretty much told me I can't get a King size bedroom..she didn't really give me an explanation why....I ended up getting a queen size bedroom with a terrible view; probably the worst view at the Bally's hotel..room is pretty decent for the price..getting a hold of room service is terrible..I might not stay at Bally's again..my overall satisfaction experience at Bally's is OK I guess..also what I noticed is the customer service was very fake and forceful..
1	Horrible customer service.  In new towers 2 of 3 elevators didn't work.  Old towers run down.  NEEDS WORK
4	Great location...easy to get to Bellagio, Caesars, Venetian. Updated rooms.  Connected to Paris.  Price is right.
3	Not bad at all. Liked that we had Paris next door and we were able to go from one hotel to another. Just about smack in the middle of the strip. We'd stay there again.
5	I have stayed at Bally's 3 times over the last 5 years . This trip was the best yet!I cannot say enough about the staff. They treated us great from the moment we registered. They went out of their way to make sure we had a room that we wanted and when we wanted.The cleaning ladies did a good job and were very helpful also. As well as the pool staff and cocktail waitress. The only bad part of Bally's was the in hotel breakfast buffet. The buffet was terrible, and so was the food I ordered off the actual menu. I will not go back there again!!! Even my husband who eats everything could stomach the buffet.Good hotel and staff
4	Stayed in a comped Jubilee Celebrity Suite with connecting Jubilee Suite (Rooms 6809 & 6811) about a month ago from 7/31-8/4 for my 27th birthday. The newly renovated Jubilee Tower is totally awesome and is much appreciated, especially with a veteran property on The Strip such as Bally's.I was only expecting a Jubilee Suite with maybe a regular connecting room with two Queen beds, but opening the door to the living room of the Celebrity Suite was a huge surprise for us. With the two combined suites, we had two bedrooms with a King in each, 2.5 bathrooms, two whirlpool tubs, a bar with sink & fridge, an additional fridge in each bedroom for a total of three, a nice 55" television in the living room (no HD unfortunately), a 36" or 42" in each bedroom, a free safe in each bedroom that they don't charge for anymore, and a dining table for six people. We had a fifth friend join us for Friday night and there was more than enough room for the roll-away bed I had brought up for him. Another friend complained that the amount of space was way too much for only five (mostly four) guys for the weekend, making it feel like we were split into two groups isolated in each of the bedrooms at times.I've been in other comped suites at Bally's, Paris, and Caesars over the years, but this was the best room I've ever had in Vegas so far. I can't emphasize the room being comped enough, for these two suites were valued at around $3700-3800 total for the four nights we stayed (Thursday-Monday).The reasons why I decided to not give these guys 5 stars is because of the extremely long waiting time to catch an elevator. They have one elevator bay with 6 separate elevator cars in total for the entire tower while the Indigo Tower (formerly North Tower) has two separate bays of 6 for a total of 12 elevators to access its 26 floors. In the Jubilee Tower, three go to the lower half of the tower while the other three go to the upper half, so the wait could get quite ugly with only three elevators accessing 12-15 floors. The lights in our half-bathroom in the living room also went out on the second night there and I never called maintenance to come fix them, but I guess I can only blame myself for that one. Our southward view of Paris and the Fountains of Bellagio all the way down to Mandalay Bay was pretty cool, too.Waiting for a taxi was a breeze since my Total Rewards "Diamond" card allowed us to bypass the que and hop into one of the next three cabs.The walk from the parking garage behind Paris to check-in then to the Jubilee Tower kinda sucks, but it isn't nearly as bad as the walk from the parking garage to check-in at Caesars Palace.We went to Rehab at Hard Rock, so we never used the pool on the property. It does have a deep end reaching a depth of 12-13', something that is completely lacking at most Las Vegas properties, if not all. I used to love their pool as a child.One of my friends kept asking what some weird hissing noise was during our stay. I finally realized on Sunday that it was a steam vent/pipe coming from the north wall of Paris next door. The noise wasn't constant, but the hiss would occur all day and night for maybe up to 30 seconds at intermittent times. I got used to it after the second day.Lastly, the sandwiches and hot dogs at the Nosh in the casino at the bottom of the Jubilee Tower were 100x better than what they now serve at the Sidewalk Cafe. This is very sad, for I used to always stay at Bally's through my childhood years and really enjoyed their meals when they used to be much better.I highly recommend the newly renovated Jubilee Tower rooms and suites, and would gladly stay in them again for my birthday next year. I would never stay at Bally's again if it wasn't a new Jubilee Tower room. Customer service at Caesars Entertainment properties has always been excellent for as long as I can remember, as well. I had to be sure to mention that.If you're a Vegas visitor who actually pays for their rooms, the nightly rates at Bally's will never break the bank and they possess some prime real estate at a prime location at the corner of Flamingo & The Strip. Sure, the property has been around for decades and has been showing its age for years, but you sure as Hell could do a lot worse than Bally's.
4	A bang for your buck. Just got back from my first vegas trip. When we checked in by a nice staff member we got upgraded to the jubilee tower. Our room was very nice, huge shower, great corner view of the strip. Room was perfect! The first night which was Friday the beach club across the way was pretty loud but after that night it wasn't.  My husband & his best friend LOVED the tacos at the tequila bar during happy hour. $2 tacos, beer, magaritas & tequila shots. We went there every night before bed. Also loved how Ballys was connected to Paris. Gorgeous hotel. I would go back & stay at ballys again without a doubt. The location is perfect.
5	If you're coming to Vegas, you should stay here. Here's why:1) The price-to-quality ratio here is great. You're going to get a fantastic room, centrally located on the strip, for half the price of the surrounding hotels.2) The location is also great. You can walk indoors to get you within a three minute outdoor walk to Planet Hollywood, the Bellagio, Paris, the Flamingo, and Cesar's Palace.3) The customer service is excellent. The rooms don't have refrigerators but, if you want one, they'll bring one up. They give you twice the amount of towels as people in your room, and make the bed around when you leave your room.The only downside: the casino is where people go to die. But if you're gambling in your own hotel, you're not doing Vegas correctly.
5	Excellent value, excellent location, excellent people.The front-desk attendant who checked us in was super nice and helpful. HL at the Tequila bar was extremely kind and welcoming, had great recommendations, and really provided a lot of entertainment himself.I don't know that there's a better place to stay in Vegas for the price.
3	Stopped in Vegas again just for a night as we were making our way back home to L.A. Because our last visit was so outstanding, we did Bally's again... Truly disappointing from our first visit, and maybe our expectations were too high, but overall it wasn't TERRIBLE. The room we got was clean, but a used bar of soap was still in the shower from the previous guests. We got a nice view of the Venetian and the new "high roller" ferris wheel which was nice. No real complaints, but we won't be staying here for our next visit. It's just not as nice as the other hotels on the strip although it is in a GREAT location.
4	First off, I don't gamble. Even in the midst of a gaming paradise, such as this. I was here for a show, and had about an hour to kill after exchanging 1/2 price vouchers for tickets. This was after dinner, and my husband and I weren't looking for alcohol, just water. We ended up paying $9 for 2 20oz aquafinas from a hallway concession by The Paris. The lady was so sweet, she offered me a bag for the super hot, but impossibly uncomfortable Betsy Johnson stilettos I was now carrying.Still about 15min away from doors opening, we sat at the machines. Didn't spend a dime, but a cocktail waitress graciously brought 2 coffees. When the doors finally opened, at least 2 ushers asked us where our seats were. We meant to buy mid-range ticket, but the girl at the ticket booth misunderstood and sold us the least expensive seats. No big deal, thought we'd be able to upgrade at the Bally's box office, but not. The second usher was trying to up sell us, I thought, nope he just upgraded us to a stage-side table! That was very cool!The show itself was good, classic showgirl/ showboy number with lots of music, choreography, sequins, and tasteful nipples. The story line was kinda weird though. Getting the upgrade was the best part, definitely a fun experience.
3	This review is just for my phone experience. I called to be connected to the Indigo lounge since there is no number listed on their Yelp. The lady I spoke with connected me to nothing because my phone call was automatically hung up. I called again & spoke to another woman who transferred me to the BEVERAGE DEPARTMENT! Which is not even front of the house! The lady from beverage gave me a number which I've been calling non stop & keeps saying all circuits are busy, try again later. Non of the women I spoke with who provided no name for me to mention were friendly or helpful.
1	Do not stay here!!!  Drais across the street BUMPS all night like someone is pounding on the window.  Even The managers recommendation was to stay somewhere else when I called to complain.  At least he was honest.
3	For me, the stay here really depended on my room selection.  I stayed in the older tower the first night and was pretty miserable, it felt like sleeping on a rock with springs.  The room was very outdated, but large.  I switched to the Jubilee tower the second and third nights, and while the bed still wasn't as comfortable as I'd preferred, I was able to sleep and for a hotel bed I'd probably give it 4.5 stars.  The room was pretty awesome looking, very modern.  Certainly worth the extra $30 a night.Do be warned, you will be charged an extra $23 or so a night for resort fees, which includes wifi access for two devices and gym access for two people.  I never was able to actually find the gym.Also, in the older tower, my lungs were burning the whole time because it smelled of smoke so badly.Overall this hotel is in a good location if you want to be on the strip, it's central to everything.  The new tower has very nice rooms.  There are plenty of restaurants (this building is combined with the Paris hotel, so you have easy access to tons of places from both).  It offers two shopping malls, and the casino is quite large.  It also boasts the strips only gay nightclub, which was tiny and didn't seem very popular.
4	When I first found out that we would be staying at Bally's, I was pretty indifferent since nothing about Bally's really stood out and made it appealing for me to stay at. However, I was quite surprised by the wonderful experience I had.Per Yelper's reviews, I requested we got a room in the Jubilee Tower, which supposedly is the new, renovated rooms. They were more than happy to give us a room there and we had a nice view of Paris Hotel and could even see the Bellagio fountain/show from across. The room itself is very clean. Bathroom is nice. Bed were comfy! There's a sofa if you happen to have extra people in your group.Edward (Eddie), one of the bellhop guys, is so entertaining and funny.I hear a lot of complaints about parking at Bally's but we always valeted our car and didn't have a problem. It is an extra plus that it's right there on the middle of the strip and close to everything! I would definitely stay here again in a heartbeat.
1	If I could give it a negative or an atomic bomb, I would.  Avoid this resort at all costs.   My husband and I make the trip for a week every year from Phoenix.  We have stayed at many Harrahs resorts but this must be the red headed stepchild resort.   Bad, bad, bad is this only thing I can say.   Do not stay in the Jubilee Tower unless you don't want to sleep at all.   It is across the street from the Drai beach resort on the roof of the Cromwell.   It is so loud the windows rattle and you can feel it in your teeth.   After waiting downstairs at 5 am they did move is to the older tower with broken lights and little air conditioning.   The waitresses were somewhat pleasant but the front desk and front desk managers were rude and abrupt.   They forget you are the customer and it feels like they really don't care.   Watch your bill closely as they will double charge you the resort fees "on accident" and then say they don't know what happened.   I will never stay here again and I would recommend you don't either.   Paris is nice but Ballys is the pits.
3	For our first time in Vegas we decided to go for the RCPM show over Labor Day weekend.  We booked our room late and everything was very expensive but Bally's had a very decent price so we went with them.  The room was spacious which we appreciated.  A nice large room, king sized bed and large bathroom.  Bed was not very comfortable and pillows were terrible.  All the staff we came in contact with were very nice and while I wouldn't be opposed to staying here again it wouldn't be my first choice. We liked that it was mid-strip but we just weren't wow-ed with anything.
4	These stars are for the mere fact that Bally's has two things. Star Wars Video slots which is a VERY HARD game to come by and they have it right next to Deal Or No Deal and Clue! Second, they have the best brunch in Vegas with their 'Sterling Brunch'. I have not stayed in Bally's in a very long time so I can't speak to their rooms but I want to start a trend and make the older hotels on the strip more popular...who's with me?
5	I've have stayed in Las Vegas many time but most recently at this casino and let tell you it's was nicest casino I've ever stayed at their new tower is really nice and clean the shower was really nice as well would definitely stay here again without hesitation unlike other casino in Las Vegas.
2	First, let me say that I'm a bit grumpy about Las Vegas in general. But this is about the hotel at Bally's. We stayed in the Indigo tower. I'm assuming this hasn't been renovated recently. Not sure. It didn't look run down. But the features of the bathroom and the lack of convenient electrical outlets reminded me of bygone eras. The room was clean. But there was a scent of mildew, so I could tell there'd been water damage. The shower is a bathtub with a shower curtain. Ugh. They really need to install a proper shower. There is no fan in the bathroom, so the things you don't want in a bathroom linger. Humidity, smells, etc. The Air Conditioner BLASTS air loudly and forcefully into the room. It's very uncomfortable to have cold air blown over you periodically through the night. The bed was fairly comfortable, with the exception of the pillows which were like spongey balls. It was very difficult to sleep with my head bobbling around trying to stay on top of the pillow without sliding off. There were three pillows on the bed and all three were terrible. The outlets in the room were NOT located with the modern traveler in mind. I travel with a little power strip so we can plug in our phones near the bed. But if I hadn't had that thing, they would have been on the floor, far away from either bed because they didn't leave any accessible outlets near the bed. I had to move the bedside table and unplug the alarm clock in order to plug in the power strip. The elevators were clean and fast and quiet. Very good for a tall hotel. The hallways were clean, bright and wide. The vending machines were irritating. I had to go to four different floors to find one that would take $1 or $5 bills. I'm NOT going to put a credit card into a hotel vending machine. Ever. And a few of those said bills only and then wouldn't take them.The housekeeping was competent although not very detailed. Checkin was a bit ridiculous. It shouldn't be that slow to check people in. Hell, you could do it with an automated system. If an airline can check you in on your phone in two minutes, surely a hotel could manage to do it in 5.The food court has comfortable seating. The hotel signage is good. The staff seems friendly. I didn't eat at the restaurants, except for the food court. The price of wi-fi is outrageous considering you have to pay per device. It's not unreasonable that a couple might have two phones and a laptop or tablet. So that would be nearly $40 a day. That's unreasonable.
3	PROS: Moderately priced, standard amenities, convenient location on The Strip, connected to Paris.CONS: VERY standard amenities, skimped on toiletries/towels, idle employees during check-in chaos.Would recommend to those not looking to spend a whole lot of money to be on The Strip.-----As the 3/5 stars review suggests, there is not anything too special about this place. It is your standard hotel/casino, neither a shit hole or a palace, that is conveniently located on The Strip: Across from Bellagio and Caesar's Palace, connected to Paris, and about a 5 minute walk to The Cromwell/Drai's day club. Because of these things, you would not be paying for top-notch amenities or amazing rooms, your money is investing in the great location. Staying here allowed us to walk everywhere we needed to go, inebriated and not. In terms of the room, unless you are staying in a suite or in a newly renovated room, it is really just a place to sleep and sober up. The only complaints I have are that during the height of check-in on Friday, there were employees that seemed to just be standing around and talking to employees that were actually working and struggling, and that the rooms had the very minimal toiletries and towels. Not a GREAT place to stay, but it is a place to stay if you are looking to wreck havoc in Las Vegas and do not plan on staying in the room very much. If you are going to be in the room for some time, the TV's have TNT movies at least.
1	Don't ever attend a show here unless you have your tickets in hand well before the show. Their will call system stinks. We showed up over 30 minutes before the show and waited in will call line at the box office for over an hour. By the time we finally got our tickets, they wouldn't let us in the theater. If I could give this place zero stars, I would. The staff at the box office didn't seem to care that over 20 people in the box office line were going to miss the show.
3	Better than i thought it would be. Stayed here while traveling with work. Even got upgraded to a suite, all because i asked if there was any available. Great spot on the strip. Ideal for anyone on a low budget.
1	Painfully disappointing experience at Bally's Las Vegas. You could not even pay me to return. Room was refurbished and nicely decorated as well as clean. It was poorly situated with an outside night club at Paris blaring music into room until 3:00 am so that I couldn't sleep. Extreme difficulties getting connected, and staying connected to wifi so that I could not work. I spent hours and 6 calls on the phone with their IT Vendor, front desk/management and a visit from internal IT to resolve. Extremely poor customer service and lack of ownership in resolving problem. No internet instruction in room. Elevators were not working properly in tower. Waited 3-5 minutes for an elevator regularly. Was stuck once in elevator with another guest-call button did not work. Up charges and excessive fees to check in early/late, use phone, etc. Vending machine costs $3 for a drink-dispensed wrong drink. Lobby extremely smoky-lacking good ventilation. Charged $122 deposit upon booking. Did not provide a receipt so that I could expense to my company. Called hotel to obtain a receipt. After extremely long hold times, was told that I would be emailed a receipt-it was never provided. Asked for a receipt at check-in, Bally's could not produce a receipt of the expense reflecting the date that I was charged. Overall, extremely poor customer service and lack of ownership of problems/concerns. I will not be frequenting Bally's again.
2	They did not honor our reservation that was made 3 months prior to stay in the Jubilee Tower (the nice one). They put is in the indigo tower (very outdated with a very firm bed). They stated that they needed to keep available rooms for their 7 star guests.  Also, it has the oldest slot machines and smokiest casino of all the casinos we went to on the strip!
4	So yeah...we are Vegas veterans and have stayed at nearly every property on the strip...and when we had a comp offer for Bally's I admit that we were a bit "oh well" with expectations...and will also be the first to admit that this stay was outstanding!We booked a room in the newly renovated Jubilee Tower.  Check in was smooth and painless and we quickly found our way to the elevators.  NOTE:  We stayed before and had to walk on past the front desk, through the casino and back to the rear tower elevators...the Jubilee towers are in the front, meaning the elevators are just to the right of the front doors when you walk in, SUPER convenient.Upon entering the room we were shocked with a TON of space, a nice king bed, huge HDTV, 2 lounge chair things (sorry, not a decor kind of person), nice open fridge, separate sink serving as a 'kitchenette', huge bathroom which included a nice sitting area for doing the whole make up thing (with make up mirror), and big shower with big sized shower head...and...a full view of the Eiffel Tower and partial view of the Bellagio fountains.  On top of everything else...it was super clean!I'd say the only drawback to staying in the Jubilee tower is the fact that if you go to the pool, you have to walk through the ENTIRE casino to get to the stairs, which take you down past the shops and food court to get to the pool.  Fine for us guys but if you are female, make sure you take a cover up or you might feel a bit awkward.As far as the casino itself, the table minimums are great (we had $5 minimums our whole stay), the drink service was spot on, the dealers were very nice and the overall vibe was awesome.  Couple that with a great location on the strip (right in the middle) and you really have a fantastic place to stay.Yes, you can get a 900 sq. ft. suite with sunken couch, but do you really need it?  If you are looking for a super clean and comfortable place to stay that is centrally located on the strip..I'd definitely recommend Bally's.
3	Rggdg ugfgbv HV. Vb. Hjhhb
5	It was great. . The room. . The service. .I really enjoyed myself here. .everyone was attentive. . Only drawback was the amount of people trying to sell you discount tickets with a catch. . Other than that. . Great stay. .
5	Great experience! Clean room and WOW huge! Housekeeper was fantastic!  No problems whatsoever! We loved the Tequila Bar! Bartenders were super friendly and fast! And you couldn't beat the $2 Tacos and Margaritas!
2	No comps or upgrade offered, even after I mentioned I was going to play at their property. The room was nice, and clean, but my view was Flamingo ave and not the strip as I excepted.. The front desk people were not very helpful in reducing my rates even after I gambled allot w/the TR card. Downtown seemed to have better deals, and also on food. If you are expecting your expectations to be exceeded this is not the place for you.
1	This hotel needs upgrades. No coffee maker in the rooms, terrible wi-fi only allows one hook up have to pay for additional devices. Carpets dirty and staff limited. Very disappointed will not stay at this hotel ever again..such a big hotel you think they would have free wifi
5	We stayed at Paris for the Marine Corps ball and walked over to Bally ' s for breakfast. Sidewalk cafe seemed to have a decent menu so we went in. We were greeted by a very pleasant accommodating host/manager Sal. He was fabulous he moved the line quickly and made us feel like we were the only customers! Food was reasonable price wise and surprisingly tasty! And we weren't hating the $5 mimosas and bloodys! Great for the money and Sal and the staff were great! Not your typical grumpy vegas employees :)
1	While my stay at Ballys was nice, the checkout experience has been a nightmare. I was promised an email receipt of my bill the day I checked out. I didn't receive it. I then went to the website because you can't talk to anyone and requested a copy of my receipt and I still haven't received it, it's been 5 days. How difficult is it to give a client a receipt when you charge the credit card?
5	Wonderful place to stay for 2 days!! You can also connect to other hotels! Staying here is at a reasonable price too and not expensive at all right on the Las Vegas strip, which is easy access to every place you can think of!
2	The first thing I noticed when I walked into the lobby was the cigarette smoke smell.  Okay, to be fair, all of the hotels/casinos allow smoking - as annoying as it is.  But I get it.  Gamblers smoke.  However, I walked through most of the casinos on the strip, and none of them had the stench of Bally's.  They all had either some sort of air fresheners to mask the smell, or at the very least better ventilation.  Bally's simply stunk.  And pretty bad.  They definitely need better ventilation in the casino/lobby.  Secondly, the entire time I was playing the games over three days, NOT ONE cocktail waitress offered me a drink.  I was under the impression that as long as you are gambling, drinks are on the house.  In fact, the one or two waitresses I did see were not accepting anything more than tips for the drinks.  I don't know why I was ignored.  My room was very nice, and extremely big.  I did, however, have to put the heat on 80 degrees to get it warm (I happened to visit Vegas on the coldest days of the year).  The hotel/casino was nice, but comparatively speaking, not nearly as nice as the others I saw on the strip, for similar prices.  Next time I go to Vegas I'm staying elsewhere.
3	Meh.  We stayed here because the price was right.  It wasn't good, but it definitely wasn't bad.  I would stay here again if needed.  However, if you're looking for a more luxurious vegas experience, this is definitely not for you.  The crowd is also much older at this hotel than at others.
1	We have hopefully stayed at Bally's for the last time. We stayed there because we had a yearly fundraiser dinner there. And then I was comped 2 nights with my Total rewards, but had to pay the resort fee, so not totally comp. That was as good as it got. The room was awful, one of our phones beeped for no reason so we unplugged it, problems with the internet CONSTANTLY!! More channels in foreign languages than in English. Casino horribly stuffy with no air flow, and the machines were not fun at all. We went downtown to the Four Queens to waste some time and had a blast. As far as Bally's goes, I'm DONE!!
4	pretty great hotel as far as rooms, location, gaming is concerned but resort fees added to comp rooms is mandatory now. If the Internet speed were acceptable I wouldn't care so much but at one half a mbps !!! soo lame. stick with 4G folks
5	Great casino ! Friendly employees. Great location on the center of the strip. A place to go. Affordable.
1	This is by far the worst place I have ever stayed in Las Vegas. The room does not event have a coffee maker. They shut down room service at 1 pm... but they claim it is available until 1 am. The rooms are dirty, nothing works.. what a joke! Do not book here.
1	Holy Crap! This place still exists?!What kind of deal did they cut with the Devil to allow such a bland, no-name hotel to continue operating on such a vital part of the strip? Who do they even cater to?! Time travelers from the 1980's who don't know any better?
1	beware of bedbugs!! stayed there just for a night, next day recognized bedbug bites all over my body and face. Don't waste your money on this creepy hotel especially if you are allergic to insects or don't wanna give bedbugs a ride to your place! Im just disgusted!
3	We booked through expedia indigo tower suite for 40/nite. Awesome deal. At check in (9pm) after getting off flight, clerk says there's no way it's a suite room because price is to low and I should call expedia, because "its a mistake" ugh, no. Spoke to manager showed her confirmation from expedia and she says that was an awesome deal and that its obviously correct. As the previous clerk pouted like it was coming out of her pocket...she gave us our key. Got to room 533 indigo tower suite. Room is awesome, view is okay. ,you can see the high roller of linq hot. Spa tub is huge, 2 bathrooms, spectacular vaniety with excellent lighting..was a plus because its useful for us girls applying makeup. Shower was horrible! Had to let water run for at least 7 minutes before it got remotely warm.Walk was pretty far from elevators, and even farther from the strip due to construction..thats the overall reason for lack of stars. Use monorail to get to side of strip of venetian, harrahs and cesars palace. Use paris back enterance to go to planet hollywood, etc.
4	Hl got some bad news I am A bartender at the tequila bar bad news everyone  our great little spot is closing February 2nd so come in have a good time while the fun last and prices are down a new place is taking over the tequila bar and the sidewalk cafe happy holidays come see HL or hot lips a bartender I'm going to miss you all but I go down too the casino bar as service so come by and see me after it closes February 2nd bday . If you'd like to text me 702 503 8706 send a photo and text me anytime let me know if you're coming into town so we can party
1	WORSE PLACE EVER! DONT STAY HERE!!! do not recommend to stay here at all! Tried it because our host booked us the celebrity suite it was nice, but customer service is horrible ! We are here today again hoping that they have a better service since , and that we were told we will have the suite again,  with our whole family with children and mom on oxygen and they gave us the wrong room we originally booked and the manager basically said "I don't care" yup! This is after driving for hours!!! He didn't even care if we have children or if my mom has her oxygen stuff! PLEASE DONT STAY HERE!!!!4:13am- just called front desk to ask for rollaways and she was extremely rude! And saying I was cursing and stuff when I don't even curse and I wasn't even yelling! All I said was they need to show better customer service and should learn how to treat people well especially after they messed up our reservation then she hang up!!! Too  bad we have to wait longer to check-in to another hotel!!!! THEY DIDNT EVEN CARE IT'S CHRISTMAS !!!!!!
1	The non-smoking room smells like a smoking room. You need to purchase Tooth brush and tooth paste at the gift shop.
4	A few things I loved about my stay here was the way it was located perfectly next to everything amazing in Las Vegas :)!! The hotel was also joined with hotel "Paris" which I always went to for my breakfast buffet. The atmosphere is great and theres a really good thai restaurant. The rooms are clean but just average and the decor is a bit boring. Just be careful with your belongings as some of my family had jewelery stolen from a maid! The management was very helpful but. The fastfood restaurants down by the pool have a huge selection. Theres a hairdressers, beauty salon and a great clothes shop for young babies and kids. The pool is big and the cocktails are great. I would definatley return again :)
1	terrible experience....I am a local first of all...booked a room doe new years...was supposed to get 2 queen beds....they said they didn't have anymore when we arrived....only had king.....refused to honor our booking....said its not a guarantee the number of beds... they gave us 2 roll away beds.... completely uncomfortable..... then the room has damage to all furniture...can't use balcony because it's bolted shut....and they out us near night club and music blasting until 5am so loud you can't even sleep with ear plugs....waste of money and will never recommend this place to anyone and will refuse to come here again.
1	I've dealt with three "supervisors" in regards to getting my room. Though I have a confirmation number with my name, and a reservation in the system, Bally's won't give me the room we purchased. A friend and I booked through Expedia and due to some mix up, they are now leaving us with the option paying for a second room. No refund is being offered by Expedia for the mix up.
1	Certain things were good but only mediocre at most. I was here five days before and after New Years. It's pretty obvious they do not treat their employees well and it comes through no matter how hard "they" try. I won't even go into the broken elevator fiasco here, which was the same for my October visit. Second rate hotel all the way.  Run down. Old broken-spirited employees, failing restaurant venues.
4	For the price and location, this hotel can't really be beat. This is mid strip and near lots of other resorts, casinos, restaurants, and clubs. It is also connected to Paris, which has Chateau nightclub and several restaurants including Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse. The rooms were large, clean, and quiet. Our toilet wasn't working very well when we arrived, but they responded very quickly and fixed it. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. I didn't really like them always trying to stop me in order to "comp" me for a show or dinner I didn't want.
2	Not extraordinary. It has a bad vibe  to it. I  experienced better. Bad service, one employee was litterally screaming at us cuz of a misunderstanding! WHY NOT COME AT ME AND GIMME A SMACK WHILE UR AT IT, HUH? But we complained to the manager and gave us free admission to the Paris buffet and a free extra night! *Swerve*
3	Not the worst hotel if stayed at not the best either. Room was rather old fashion the bed was hard. I did like that u can hook things up to the TV (i.e. Apple TV) sThe gambling and shopping is very plentiful so are the restaurants.
