5	I've never been to a place like this, but when Jadira told me about it, we just had to check it out!  We even invited a few friends along... needless to say we all had a blast!Pros:*  Extremely friendly staff (everyone interacted w/ us throughout the night). *  Easy to follow painting instructions that is perfect for all painters of all skill levels.*  They serve food and you guessed it...wine!  *  The menu had healthier food options and even has Vegetarian options!*  Decently priced *  Clean and inviting atmosphereCons:* No wine license as of yet, but in the defense of Design & Wine they are not totally open to the public as of yet.  We got invited to special soft-opening.Overall:  This place is awesome.  The layout is spacious and everyone is friendly.  Everyone had an incredible time and we got to share our paintings with everyone.  This is definitely something different to do in Vegas and is good for all age levels and skill levels.  It's something that we'd definitely do again and highly encourage others to try.  I can't wait until their grand opening.  They'll have their liquor license.  I imagine the experience being triple the fun! =)Tips:  * Dress comfortable.  Classes are 3 hours and you do not want to be uncomfortable* A little paint goes a long way.  Half a pump of whatever color paint you get is plenty.* Bring your camera so you can take Kodak moments of your Design & Wine night!* Add Design & Wine on your FB for special deals and promos!
5	I went here on a girls night out and it was so much fun! I am not an artist..at all...but by the end of the night I felt like Picasso! The teachers are very helpful and patient and help everyone make a masterpiece. BIG props to our instructor Mandy! She was awesome and really instilled confidence in all of us. I LOVE my new artwork and can't wait to go back and make some more.The food was AMAZING! I didn't know what to expect from vegetarian/pescatarian menu, but I was blown away by how good it was. Our group tried a bunch of items off the menu and we loved all of it...there was even some plate licking going on!
4	I'm kind of stuck on the rating I want to give this place. The interior is stupid nice... The design and set up is niceand room allows you to see whats going on and keep up. The staff is really friendly and guides you along as you paint.The class is quite long but I liked that, I didn't feel rushed and was allowed to take my time to paint. They have drink and food items to purchase, I felt the food was alittle bit overpriced, not alot just... a little bit. The crux of review is that there IS NO WINE !! I know the license is a work in progress but its called Design and Wine.. I can't lie, I was looking forward to sippin on something tasty when I got there.. ehhh..It was fun, none the less, and I would go back again in a heart beat, they made me feel like I could really paint ....!! I just feel the the name is a little, misleading.... thats all..
4	If you haven't been to one of these type of venues, this is the layout.  Serving small plates and wine during breaks, an instructor gives you step by step instructions on how to make your own work of art on canvas.  I went with a girlfriend of mine, but there were couples, a mother and son...a cross section of very nice people who wanted to do something different with their weekend.  The owners served while we painted over a three hour time span.  The time flew by!  I am not an artist by any stretch of the imagination, but still came out with a decent product that's hanging on my wall now.  Enjoy!PS Only reason that it doesn't have 5 stars from me because they didn't address the fact that they didn't have a liquor license yet (found out from Yelp).  They do now have one.
4	I have to say, I'm a little confused as to why I was not served wine during my visit...  I mean.. Design & WINE.  Hmm...In addition, another con would be the layout of the studio.  You kind of have to break your neck a little just to see the artist at the front.  Maybe if they arranged the tables so that they're forward facing, I think I'd like that better. Nonetheless, my experience here was a delightful one.  Came with a few friends and I'd like to think they enjoyed themselves as well.  Definitely a place where friends can talk, bond and enjoy each others company.
4	Super fun! Great artists and teachers. Good equipment, clean establishment, helpful staff and lots of paintings to choose from. Had a blast! Will definitely be coming back!
5	This place is so worth going to! We are already planning another girls night out to go again =D Racheal you rock!
3	I found this place on Groupon. I am no artist but my painting turned out really nice. I like how the instructor broke up the art piece, but sometimes when she was showing a step her body covered the painting and no one could see what she was actually doing. There was a birthday party in the class so best seats were reserved; I ended up sitting In the back. The food was tasty. Although you have to be careful not to put the brushes in your soda or take a drink from the brush cup. The seats are very uncomfortable especially when you need to sit for 3 hours and concentrate. I don't know if I would go back. It's definitely a must try for locals in Vegas; something different.
5	Amazing time and experience. The staff is friendly and the helpful with the people like me that can not paint.
4	Loved it! Had a wonderful time, and will be back again. The food was wonderful, and the instructor is great on teaching the step-by-step process to all levels of students.
4	What a fun experience. My friends and I all decided to purchase a recent Groupon for this place for a fun girl's night out. Not being the artistic type, I wasn't super excited about the painting part but I was really excited to spend quality time with my girlfriends. All the instructors and waiters were amazing. Incredibly friendly and attentive. They supplied us with refills on drinks and paint regularly and were always there to help if we needed assistance on a our painting. The food options were pretty great as well. Everything is cooked on site and luckily everything tasted good and was reasonably priced as well.  They serve appetizers right away but the entrees don't come out until about an hour and a half into the three hour session. Important to know in case you come here starving like we did, but we learned that the hard way. Still not too bad a wait.The whole class was fun and entertaining. I feel the only thing that could probably be improved upon is the class size. I think that fact that the class was on the large side made it stall in parts and it was hard to keep everyone on the same page, especially when a lot of the students were imbibing on wine and other spirits. We still had a blast and look forward to planning another outing here soon. My office is even looking into renting the place out for a private party, which would be a lot of fun.
5	Celebrated birthdays here on Friday & we had a blast! The staff was very friendly, funny, & helpful! We will definitely be back soon!!!
5	I patronize all the businesses in town that offer painting classes.  Design & Wine is top knotch.  In addition to the instructor in class there are always additional artists working who are there to assist you if you need help.  The paintings they teach you to do are always cute and with their skilled instruction anyone can complete a nice looking painting.  They serve food and wine at this establishment.  The food is delicious and very reasonably priced.  If you order wine they give you a small portion of spicy pickled vegetables to munch on.  If you order a canned soda with a glass of ice they will give you free refills.  Most places that serve beverages in cans do not do that.  They recently installed a camera positioned on the artist teaching and then a monitor half way back in the room so those in the back can see what is going on.  None of the other similar businesses in town have such a nice feature.  This is my favorite place in town to take a painting class.  You have to check it out.
5	I absolutely love this place!! My friends and I have been here 3 times and each time has been so much fun. The first 2 times they didn't have their liquor license yet but it didn't change the experience for me at all. Each of my paintings came out awesome and I always look forward to going back!Pricing: a class is 35.00 but there are often specials and discounts running. A class is about 3 hours long so it's pretty cheap for a fun night out Staff: amazing! The artists and servers arefriendly and accommodating. On my most recent visit, I had an injury and they were wonderful about making sure I was comfortable! The artists are great at explaining everything and making sure that everyone is feeling good about what they are doing. Plus they are all super friendly and fun! Food: they have a decent menu. A lot of "carb-y" food so not great for those of us who are carb free but I think it's worth it for a cheat now and then! The cheesecake is delicious and I love the Alfredo toast! The service is quick and the prices are decent. Drinks: they now have their liquor license so a variety of beer and wine are offered. They also have water, soda and coffee. The drinks come quickly and they offer free refills on non-alcoholic drinks! I highly recommend this for a night out or private party! Good times and great people!!!!
5	We had a great time at Design and Wine on Saturday night. There seem to be several of these painting class companies now. I don't think that's a bad thing. I believe there's room in Vegas for all of them to coexist.I've tried Wine and Canvas twice and I thoroughly enjoyed them. The advantage of Design and Wine (try to keep the names straight) is that they have their own physical location complete with a food and drink menu. And yes, they have their liquor license. As your hosts might tell you, your brushwork just improves when alcohol joins the party.I can't rate their food because we were still full during the class. I did enjoy a glass of unidentified Merlot. I'm not sure if it improved my artwork, but I walked away fairly happy with the result. Our particular painting turned out to be rather complex. There were many steps involved to reach the end product (definitely more than my previous two pieces). As a result, we felt a little rushed at times. Keep in mind that the class even went half an hour longer than scheduled. I have no complaints, however. The instructor did a fine job of guiding us throughout the evening.So overall, they get five watercolor stars from me. If I could make a suggestion, it would be to ditch the single TV monitor in the ceiling and have a TV monitor on each side wall instead. Since each row of painters faces one of the two walls, it would be right in front of them.
5	This place is GRRRRREEEEAAAATTTT!!! Made me into a Carmel-colored Picasso in 3 hours! Great idea for a date night or ladies night! Can't wait to do it again!
5	This was an absolute blast!We attended the Ladies Night and it was so much fun to harass the teacher the whole night! A group of us from work attended together and it was truly a great night out, as well as a great bonding experience. I love that they truly walk you through every step of your painting and although he's giving the same instructions to everyone, they all come out differently. If you're a type A personality, you might have a hard time doing something like this - but just throw caution to the wind and dive in. The end result leaves you feeling like you can accomplish anything and you have a beautiful memoir to hang when you're finished. :D
4	I would definitely do this again in the future, I enjoyed myself and the 3 hours flew past. The instructor was helpful and patient, things moved pretty smoothly. The class was packed I believe every seat was taken and I didn't have a over crowded feeling. Wine/ drink prices were reasonable but I was under the impression that with these paint and sip class that at least one glass of wine was included, however that was not the case.  They also served appetizers and finger food type entrees, which also were fairly priced, All in all my fiancee enjoyed herself and that was all its about LOL. I did notice that they have a couples night and on the website they have a kids painting party which i think would be a great idea for kids so 4 out of 5 stars because I like wine and wanted a free glass LOL but 5 out 5 on service and experience.
5	I planned a night out for myself and my lovely coworkers here. I made sure to reserve our night ahead of time. They tend to fill up quickly. I found out why soon enough. The staff is amazeballs! Our teacher was funny, patient and eager to praise us for our artistic skills. The food was great, and reasonably priced. The wine selection was good too. I will be coming back. This place is too much fun to pass by!
5	Love this place!! You don't even have to know how to paint =D The staff is amazing,especially Rachel! She always accommodates my request. Love their cocoanut balls Mmm yum yum. With all that said if you need to relieve some stress,have some fun or both...try Design & Wine!!
5	This place is awesome! The owner is helpful and curteous plus the instructors are talented and patient.... I love the menu and choices, we have been here several times and plan to keep coming back! What a great relaxing atmosphere!
5	I have been going to D&W and ever since September due to a Groupon. And I have been addicted to it ever since. It is a wonderful place for a Girls Night Out, Birthday Parties and Friend Get Togethers. I have gotten 6 people so far addicted to it because I rave about so much. They have gone with me and had a blast and always wants to go again. I have come to know the staff and they are the best. It is a nice place to get away from to relax and paint. I go about once or twice and month and sometimes more and I have a AWESOME experience every single time. I LOVE the staff and the place. They will ALWAYS ALWAYS have my business and support.
5	i've gone many times and each time it's FABULOUS!!!!  The teacher is awesome, patient, and fun!  Food is great and painting is super cool!  Great with a friend, a group, on a date, or even by yourself!!  Will always come back!!!
5	This place is fabulous! The staff is friendly. The service is amazing & all the painters are well educated and you can tell they have a passion for teaching others. I cannot paint at all and they make you feel good about your painting and encourage you. Also the food here is great. The strawberry salad is yummy & any of the stuffed pastry puffs are great!
5	I love this place! The staff is incredible and they really add to the enjoyment of your night. The food is great! It's the perfect place to have a girls night out or just a night on your own to meet new friends and paint your heart out.
4	I went to design and wine for the kids paint class. It was nice but the only thing I didn't like is the class felt rushed.  If some kids aren't done painting she keeps on going but other than that it was good.  My kids loved it.
1	Cool concept, but there are areas that you are lacking that your competition is WAY in front of you in. 1. CLEAN THE GUM FROM OUT UNDER YOUR STOOLS AND TABLES! 2. Make sure when you serve your Spring Rolls that they aren't frozen and cold in the middle. 3. When are you going to have some paintings of better quality?I have been there 2 times and both times the Artist seemed to struggle with explaining the painting which confused half of the class even more than they already were. I have experienced and painted at a lot these types of companies through out the west coast, and yours is nothing special. I have used both of my Groupons and will NOT return. I would rather pay full price for better quality paintings and gum free stools at your local competitor.
1	I recently attended Design and Wine with a few of my friends. After attending Wine and Canvas, I thought that I would have the same positive and uplifting experience. No. Design and Wine just doesn't know how to do it right. First of all, rather than spending a little more on a higher qualify plate, they utilize cheap styrofoam plates as a palette, so the paint slides all over the place. Secondly, they break Nevada State Law because they obviously purchase their boxed wine from SAMs or Costco when they should be getting their alcohol from a distributor. Why support a business that can't even follow a simple law? The atmosphere was incredibly boring and the owner, Rachel, was seemingly nowhere to be found. Likewise, her staff looked incredibly misersble- not use to that since i only saw smiles on the faces of Wine and Canvas employees. Word to the wise- spend your money elsewhere. Zero stars given. Thank you and good day.
5	I have been going to Design and Wine for a while now. And every time it's such an incredible place to hang out and paint. Everyone there is so very nice and the service is fabulous!! Some of my other friends have tried the competitors to D&W and were not please at all so that turned me off to going there. I am and always will be a loyal customer to Design and Wine. I just can't wait to have another night with some wine, yummy chips and salsa(the best I ever had) and the painting and great friends.(D&W crew) thank you all for having such great establishments in Vegas and Henderson!!!
4	This place has a very friendly atmosphere. The instructor was friendly, always smiling and telling jokes. My painting turned out better than I expected. I would suggest they have bottles of wine a group could purchase rather than keep getting class after glass. Had a fun night painting for a novice painter.
4	great set up...plenty of space...good food, and room to eat it!  well lit, plenty of supplies...LOVE!
5	This experience is fun! It brings out your creativity and artistic side.If the session starts at 6:30, I suggest getting there around 5:30 in order to get a good seat in order to get closest to the artist to see the painting and get your drink order in.The staff was very friendly and on top of everything.
5	Anytime you put wine with something creative and fun, it's the perfect setting for me.A friend asked me to come along with her and I wasn't exactly sure what to expect. However, it was exactly what they say it is: Design and Wine. When you arrive you check in and they provide you with a menu to order food and wine. Then, you get settled with your canvas and they brief you on what to expect. Don't worry if you can't draw worth a lick - they've been expecting you and know how to walk you through creating something halfway decent, step by step.Run out of wine? No worries, someone is walking around making sure you're getting your fill. And somehow at the end, you'll feel pretty proud about what you've created. Mine is actually hanging in my living room. :)  Tip: there is usually a discount on Yelp or Facebook.
4	I have been to D&W for three painting classes, and each one has been a great time with friends. You can't go wrong with wine and painting! They usually offer discounts on Groupon or through email, making the price even more cost effective! (It's usually $35 for a 3 hour class).Being a fine artist myself, I would expect some more tips for the unexperienced, but the instruction they do give is sufficient for beginners.If you want an affordable, good day or night out with friends, co-workers, or family members, this place is geared toward all ages to bring out your creative side!
5	It was a really great experience. Bring your patience because i tell you what, I didn't see my picture shining through until I saw it through a picture. It looked a hot mess. The serving staff was pleasant. Bill has personality. I felt rushed and my hand hurt from fanning so much but I cannot wait to go back. I love all of my friends pictures and it was a great experience. Thanks Design and wine, you guys were great.
5	I love this concept and am so glad you guys opened this in Vegas. I have not checked out your competition and there is no need. The entire staff is super nice and fun. They create a fun atmosphere and everyone is interacting. I love that you guys have discount deals all the time and a big variety of paintings. I cant wait to do a private party with you all.
1	Went there for the first time this past weekend. Was expecting a fun experience and quality food and wine.... After all the name is design & wine.  1st -  the wine is horrible.... When I saw the bottle it was one you can buy at walmart for $2.97 a bottle and they charge you $6.00 a glass. 2nd - food was subpar frozen and reheated and stale chips. 3rd - I did not feel like instructor was helpful to everyone -- I needed some guidance and she walked past and said oh no it is good. I wanted a pointer not a comment to appease me.  It was a one time experience and I don't think my sister or I will ever be back.
5	I have been there a couple of times and just love it every time.  We just did the kids painting class and my family had a blast.  I can't wait to hang our little pieces of art at my house.  Thanks for bringing something so exciting for little ones to do... I love going with my friends and enjoying some fun time and of course lets don't forget about the WINE!!!!.. Now I am only missing to go with my husband that will be the next date!!!!
5	Such a blast every time! Have never been disappointed. Great for all occasions and the food and service is amazing!! All of the painters are awesome but Melissa is exceptional!
5	Attended the class on 2/28 lead by Elsa. We attended for a friends birthday and it was great, they sang happy birthday, they even had a small menu to choose from for apps and drinks. The environment is great, very calming. Elsa is a great teacher, she walks around gives feedback on how to make the painting better and keeps every one engaged. Definitely would recommend!!! They even have classes for kids and couples which I loved!
5	Loving my time with friends and our GREAT instructor Melissa!  What a great opportunity to spend time with friends.
5	I've been here about 10 times and enjoy myself every time.  For me, the painting takes so much concentration that, for three hours, no other stresses in my life even cross my mind. Add some wine and yummy food and all the cares in the world are temporarily gone!  It's true that some instructors are better than others but, out of all my paintings, there's really only a couple that I don't totally love. You really do have to just be patient and go with the flow. It's amazing how your painting takes shape during the class, even when you aren't sure that it will. I also enjoy the personal attention. The staff remembers me and they make me feel welcome. I highly recommend a class here for a girls' night out. Also the kid classes are fun, too!
5	Never did anything like this before, a friend invited me as a birthday gift. Seriously the best night out in a loooong time!! I have NEVER painted in my life and I actually came away with a decent piece of work! They have great food, the wine was great, and the service and teaching were excellent! I can't wait to do it again!Girls night, date night, or just for the heck of it, seriously try this, what a blast!!
4	I really wanted to take my friend out on a Saturday night. We went this past weekend for the True Love painting. She needed it more than anyone else I know. I felt like this activity would be right up her alley...and it was. We both got really into it. The host was fun and had a great energy for this activity! The group was very diverse in age and the crew was geared very well towards the younger side of the crowd. However, they did try their best to connect to us all which did not go unappreciated.We ordered chips and salsa and I had the Italian panini and a glass of Pinot Grigio. All of it was mediocre at best.Over all, this was a lot of fun and I will be keeping an eye out for more deals like the $19 one I got. Thank you D&W!
5	What's better than learning how to paint? Getting served wine and food in the process!I am such a big fan of this whole concept. You get to buy admission to a painting you want to learn how to do and while learning you get to sip on wine and munch down on appetizers, entrees, and desserts. I received my first ever Design & Wine admission as a gift from my best friend. The actual class started at 6:30, but we arrived at 6:00 thinking it was going to be packed and that all the good seats were going to be taken. Fortunately, it was pretty much empty and we were able to get good seats and reserve some as well. After checking you in, they give you a sheet in which you place your orders. They have appetizers (not too fond of croissants), along with entrees (sandwiches mainly), and desserts. My eyes trailed to the alcohol section and of course me and my girls had to get their moscato. It's super sweet! The instructor even offered a happy hour deal towards the end of class causing us to get another glass of their moscato ;)The painting lesson itself is pretty easy. They walk you through everything and even lend a hand when needed. They go over the different brushes and what to do if paint is running on your canvas or if you need to change your paint water.You can go on their website and choose what painting you want to learn and even reserve certain dates for special events. It was my first time going, but will definitely not be my last.PS: definitely look into their date nights. You and your significant other (or best friend) can work together and paint a big canvas. The painting is usually something long that will take up 2 canvases. One paints the left canvas and the other the right - when put together it becomes one picture.
4	My friend and I came here for a girls night out and absolutely loved it! We went on Monday April 14 and painted a palm tree scene. It was a great night with wine and appetizers and girls night socializing.  We loved our paintings and only issue is I wish the pace was a little slower while the instructor showed us what to do since we have never painted. Overall, we will definitely come back!
4	This was a lot of fun!  The instructor was great.  I'm not very artistic but she gave very clear instructions, and we had a lot of fun!
5	What a wonderful fun experience. We cannot wait to book our next painting. Melissa and staff keep up the great work! You were all entertaining and awesome. Thank you for a super fun Night. = )
5	This was my first time attending a private event here but I had been to their Henderson location once before using a coupon.  Loved the atmosphere and the vegan food!  We painted a silhouette of the statue of liberty (the group is one made up of immigration attorneys in town) and it was great.  They served salsa with chips, puff pastries, panini sandwiches (using Daiya cheese, a tapioca based soy and nut free vegan cheese), and included in the $30 fee was the food, one drink, and the painting of course.  Can't wait to take my kids to one of their youth classes, I like that there's instruction bit no pressure to be just like the example painting.
5	Took my daughter.. We had a great time. Melissa was our instructor and made it really fun. Next time I want to sit closer so I can do better with my strokes. Sleepy hollow was fun but my tree looked like spider tree. The staff was awesome and attentive. Great food. Maybe add coffee to the menu to go with the dessert. Going to try the Henderson location next weekend.
5	Melissa is awesome. I love this place especially the Las Vegas location. Great staff. Love the Strawberry croissant and asparagus rolls. Love your specials too. Keep up the great job.
5	What a wonderful time.  Everyone is so very friendly.   What is better than drinking and painting with friends and family.  I cannot wait to come back and try the family class   I think that it is fantastic way to spend quality time with them
1	Sucks. Artists are rude and the "food" they served made me severely ill for 3 days. What a waste of time and money. Steer clear of this place.
5	Had a blast with a couple of friends when we did our paint night a few weeks back!  My food was great, nice Italian panini sandwich.  The menu was basic panini sandwiches and some appetizers, which was great because they weren't huge and didn't take a ton of time to eat during our little painting intermission.  This was my third painting party but first with this company and it was just what I expected compared to others that I've attended.  Best part was getting a light meal and intermission!  Definitely plan to go back at some point!
4	Had a blast.  Fun and relaxing.  Can't wait to do it again.
5	Fun.....fun
5	Went this evening with a friend and we will definitely be going back. It was a great evening.
5	This was my first time doing anything like this and I had the best time ever. Thanks to my friend TLott for the invite and I am definitely going back. Jen made it super easy to follow and gave the best tips and encouragement.  Bill was the best at taking care of all of us as well. Thanks for the great experience.
5	My new favorite thing to do. Go out with girl friends. Eat delicious food and drink and PAINT. I am in no way artistically gifted but even I can paint something that looks decent and have a great time doing it. Some wonderful teacher/artists and great staff. I have gone back 3 times and always had  a blast. A must do.
5	I was hesitant on coming here for a bridal shower since I'm not an artist but I'm so glad a friend of mine convinced me to go.  We had a great time!  I definitely recommend this place for an evening out with friends or significant other.  Our teacher "V" was great.  She made everything easy.  I will definitely be returning to this place SOON!
4	Took my mom and though she can't draw a straight line she really enjoyed herself and her picture, t hough funky, is still pretty nice.  The wine as far as I'm concerned, is way too expensive.  $7.00 a glass! Food seemed a tad pricey too but I never go anywhere without a coupon so my opinion is skewed. But we went for the painting and the eperience was very good. I'd prefer a chair with a back, but for a stool, they were actually rather nice.  My mom is already talking about taking her grandkids next time they visit.
4	I really liked painting with the artists at Design & Wine. My friends and I have been thee times and have some awesome artwork to show for it. The set up is good, the food is good and the drinks are reasonably priced.
4	Loved the experience here with one of my friends. I took her for her birthday and we loved every minute. The artist was very comical, personable, and explained how to do each step very clearly! Our paintings turned out awesome! We will absolutely be going back, I actually booked another class Nov. 14, 2014 at a different location to see what all of the locations are like. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because if you are sitting towards the back and have bad eyes (like myself) you will NOT be able to see well even with the small TV screens they have for you to watch. If you want to see and have bad eye sight like myself get there early early to reserve your spot close to the front or you will have some difficulty!I highly recommend this location, the food and wine was also a wonderful component to the class!
5	It was the first time I ever tried a place like this but it sounded fun so I went with a friend. As soon as I walked in they were super friendly and the instructor was very patient and clear. This was a fun experience and recommend it to anyone!
5	So much FUN! It doesn't matter if your a skilled painter or a newbe. You will leave with a wonderful painting! I have been to both the Summerlin and Henderson location and both are great! The instructors do a great job and explaining how to recreate the painting. They also stroll around and give amazing compliments and extra help to those that need it. I have never ordered food or drinks ( I know, shocker!) but I have heard the  horderves and wine are yummy and pretty reasonable in price. Tip: make sure to arrive early so you can snag a seat up front. If not, it's a bit hard to see...but each studio has a monitor that you can view the instructor on.
