4	The best breakfast joint in town. I stumbled onto this place a week ago by accident. it is a very small place maybe 12 tables at best. I went back a week later. I would recommend the breakfast special. Its 2.95 and changes whats offers each week. Last week was the breakfast tacos they looked awesome. This week was a breakfast sandwich with eggs, ham, potatoes, and cheese it was awesome. I could barely finish it. The service was awesome both times. I found out that the same people own this place as well as borderline.
4	All I have to say is BBQ Cuban. Yummmm
5	Barnyard breakfast sammich is the best breakfast plate in town hands down... And I haven't had anything from the menu thats wasn't awesome if i'm in Casa Grande and going to sit down to eat it's this place..
4	Try it. You'll like it! Big House Cafe is a small, hometown eatery where the locals eat. Folks know each other by first name here. The breakfasts are fantastic! Our favorite is the Old Regular, which is simply eggs, bacon, home fries and toast. The Albuquerque plate isn't on the menu, but it's sometimes offered as the daily special ($3.99). It's eggs, pinto beans, potatoes with green chile sauce and a tortilla. Join their frequent diners club (free) and get $1 off the daily special. Where can you get a great breakfast for $3.99 - $1.00 = $2.99? Oh, and I forgot to mention they have amazing fried fish on Friday and Saturday nights. Mmmmmm.
4	I have lived in Casa Grande for 11 years and last night was the first time I have ever been to this restaurant. Being that I am also a chef here in Casa Grande, I had heard from other chef's regarding Chef Mike and his cuisine. I decided to try the Cafe and meet Chef Mike. I have to tell you that the portions are incredible! I don't know how he makes money with such large portions and his reasonable costs. My wife and I ordered the fish and chips. We got 2 HUGE fried talapia filets, garlic bread, coleslaw, and seasoned fries. Then, the servers were all too happy to bring more. I asked to meet Chef Mike and he gladly came out and chatted with us. We found Chef Mike to be a very personable and friendly guy. I gave his establishment 4 stars because I haven't tried anything but the fish and chips which I give a strong 5 stars. My wife and I will be back for sure, you can count on it! - Chef Paul Thomas, A Taste in Thyme Personal Chef and Catering Service
1	Sucked. We went there specifically to order the Breakfast Sandwich and were told they were out of the ingredients to make them (at 10:00am on a Saturday???). They kids menu was $4.99 and consisted of a drink and one big cold and dry pancake. It took 45 minutes for them to bring out our order. The waitress stopped by after 30 minutes and apologized. She said there was a large party in the back room that was wrapping up and they would get to our order soon...ugh. I asked her if I could change my order and she said she would go into the kitchen to see if they had started it yet...and never did. She went to the next table and hugged a group of her friends that had come in and talked to them for 10 minutes. After finally seeing I was giving her the stink eye she went into the kitchen and came back out to tell me that they had started my order (no crap lady). Everything was VERY run of the mill and we won't be back.
3	They have breakfast at 6 AM! Awsome!I tried baked potato soup and it was great. The service quite slow but she was friendly and cute ..lol.. My tuna melt sandwith was great. I give 3 star because I didn't try the other menu yet. My friend said that the burger pretty fresh and big size. I will be back soon!
5	Chef Micheal please go back to the old fries. Thanks.     UThe fries are back jack. update
1	We only had coffee here after looking at the place and reading the menu. We had planned to meet another couple from out of town also at this place. After we saw it we knew it was not the ambiance we were looking for for a nice dinner. They were coming down from Phoenix and we came up from Tucson and arrived first. We ended up calling the chamber of commerce to get a different recommendation. I suggest you do the same unless you are looking for a truck-stop kind of ambiance. Also the coffee was not good.
5	Love it here. Food was good. People where nice. Hamburger was great one of the best . I will be back.
4	A Great place for Lunch, good food and service was great
5	I love the place. the food is great. the service is about 80 percent. little slow but they make it to order. I have never seen a homeless person in there so maybe that is taken care of from the other ladys post.
5	This is bar-none the best restaurant in Casa Grande! Awesome food and great prices, friendly service and a cozy, small-town cafe atmosphere.
4	I went there for lunch the other day and fell in love with their chiliquiles (with green chili), it was so delicious. We were a party of 5 and everyone at my table was happy. The waitress was so friendly and on top of her game. Price was very reasonable, I can't wait to go back :)
5	Great service.....the true. Earning of "hole in the wall".  Good food.....true mom and pop!!
5	I had the green chili pancakes and they were to die for! Great service, good food, amazing coffee and awesome prices. What more could you ask for?
4	on sunday morning, they have a 3.99 breakfast special of pozole, just like mom made.this pozole"best tasting" beats  all these mexican reataurants in casa grande hands down.they have a friendly staff, a little slow at times, great place to dine in the heart of downtown casa grande,
5	Not sure if I was just hungry or if the food was really that great! Stumbled upon this place accidentally, which turned out to be a wonderful experience. The staff was extremely friendly and prompt with service, and the food (I had the Big House Burger, and a friend had the Turkey Reuben, plus carrot cake for dessert), was mouth-watering! I've never had a burger taste so good and fresh before. Everything here exceeded my expectations, and will definitely make the drive from Phoenix here again!!
5	This is one of my favorite locations to eat in Casa Grande.  They do such a great job.  The hamburgers are massive.  Their sweet tea is a kind reminder of Southern living.  Located in the old section of downtown Casa Grande.It is well worth the try.......don't think you will be disappointed.
4	Green chili pancakes are awesome. Food is good, been there for lunch and breakfast. Service can be slow at times but the food is worth it. Staff are helpful. The big house burger is massive.
5	good food, super nice service
3	The food was delicious, but they had us waiting 40 minutes after ordering for our food to arrive. When it arrived the server explained that they just finished serving a table of 40 in the back. Why couldn't they tell me when I arrived? Give the patron the choice if we want to wait or not, they knew the wait would be that long.
4	Good service, clean place, interesting menu with possibilities for a repeat visit.My husband and I passed through here for breakfast one morning, desperate for something good to eat. We were glad we didn't stop at a fast-food place or grab crap from Circle K.We were there about 10 AM on a Friday morning and the place was fairly busy - most tables occupied in a small space - about  15 tables in the front. We were waited upon right away. We seated ourselves according to the sign in the front. Some tables were unoccupied and dirty while we sat; we wanted another table but they don't seem to have enough waitstaff to bus all dirty tables right away.  Coffee was plain and not great, but good enough. They take breakfast seriously, said my husband, who ordered steak and eggs, the "Big Boy". I had  'The Albuquerque" - eggs over easy with tortillas and green chile. I regret not trying "green chile pancakes" (?? - where can you get those elsewhere?) and I regret that they didn't serve the interesting lunch selections early, but our food was decent, fresh, hot and service was friendly and prompt. The table check happened at the right time (the waitress was hovering to refill my coffee) and we had a last check before we paid. This is good standard service.The food was decent - nothing spectacular, but clearly made to order and cooked properly. They also did not use a lot of "grill release", standard for a lot of cafes that serve breakfast, which tends to really grease up the food, which I appreciated. I think maybe they're paying some attention to the service issues, but reading the other reviews, maybe it's a random lucky visit for us. The waitresses were young, pierced, bleached. Two seemed to be trying and the other didn't seem to really care much.  Waitress work is hard.
4	I'm not a big fan of breakfast, but this place could convert me.  There was a lot of variety.  Reasonably priced, good service, and clean.  The food was really good and the portions were sizeable.  Everyone in our group (with and without doggy bags) was happy.
2	We ordered at 9:00AM SHARP, and got our food at exactly 9:42AM. 42 MINUTES for pancakes and an omelet. The pancakes tasted more like cornbread and the omelet was almost without taste, the potatoes were just gross. The wait was not worth it and the food was just okay; nothing worth coming back for. The cafe was NOT very packed. The waiter was a bit rude and tried to argue that it was "normal". Sorry, but other restaurants in the area had me in and out in 30-45 minutes tops. Big House Cafe won't be getting our business anytime soon... or ever.
1	I have been going to the BH for awhile. I had a VERY unpleasant  experience this time. I ordered the chicken salad on tomato..again the greens they lay this on were a soggy, ugly green slime. When I mentioned this to the "manager" she was defensive and said that the greens were fine. I am not an idiot, I know limp, old greens..not the first time this has happened. It was the attitude of the manager, she is family of the owner, that will keep me away. The poor wait staff couldn't have apologized more for her behavior, she and the family are loosing customers that once liked the place. Sell, and get new management before it is to late!! I won't be back, and will encourage others that I know in town not to go there.
4	A friend brought me here one day out of the blue, and I have to say, I'm really glad he did. I was skeptical at first, as there are very few good restaurants in Casa Grande that are not a part of some big chain of restaurants, but Big House Cafe can stand up there with the best of them. The caliber of food and service you receive here for a price of about $10 a plate, is something that you simply cannot get anywhere else in town. Just about all of the food is home made, and is ready just as fast as at any competing restaurant. If there is anything to complain about, it would their hours of operation. They are only open until 3 on most days, but stay open late on Fridays. If you find yourself not knowing what to eat, I would highly recommend their Reuben. It is a big sandwich, and will have you full by the time you are finished with it, but if you're feeling extra hungry than simply add an order of fries.
5	We eat here at least once a week and we have not been disappointed once. They have a unique variety of food from breakfast to dinner.  Bring your appetite because the portions are huge. There is a small wait but it's worth it! I'm still giving it five stars !!
4	Yaay for Small Business Saturday!Met with family here for lunch, because our first option was closed.I am happy we found this place, we drive through here a few times a year and we really needed a favorite place to eat.Hubby had the Bar-B-Cuban Sandwich, which was humongous and looked really good. He loved it!Son had a fajita omelette with bacon, and it looked great, he said it was OK. It came with 2 slices of some sort of multi grain bread that looked awesome.Daughter had a cheese quesadilla, that was huge as well. Like a Sonoran huge tortilla folded in half. It looked greasy (so in case you are watching your calories, you may want to tell them to hold the butter or whatever it was) but it was sooo tasty... plenty of cheese...  uhm... hubby and I may have had the leftovers (or may have not, hehe)I wanted something light, and at the end decided to go for a bowl of pozole. The pozole was OK, a little tomatoey for my taste, but it was great that they had it on the menu!. In fact we were very impressed with the variety of the menu: Sandwiches, wraps, hamburgers, Mexican food, fish, soups, salads and a lot of breakfast items.Well, back to my pozole, the bowl is kind of small, but so is the price, so that was OK. What I didn't like is that the whole bowl had only one thin piece of meat, like smaller than the size of a teaspoon.  So I asked if the pozole was supposed to have meat, and if I could have a little extra. They brought me a small bowl with brisket and it was delicious. But honestly, otherwise I would have returned it. I kid you not, one small piece of meat : (So other than the pozole 'before' incident, everything else was good. And best of all, the bill was less than $35 before tip. (including only 2 drinks, daughter and I stuck with water since they didn't have chamomile tea)
4	Felt like a totally different place than the other reviewers went to. I was bracing for a truck-stop-style greasy spoon full of surly waitstaff, mediocre food and homeless people. I walked into a freshly refurbished dining room tended lovingly by an energetic staff with genuine smiles on their young faces. There was a 20-min wait for a table, but we were handed free coffee for the interim. The wait for food was unremarkable. I had the chilaquiles, and they were killer.Perhaps there has been a big change in management since the earlier reviews. In any case: green light. They fixed it.
4	It seems this will be our official breakfast stop when on the road.We stopped here last Saturday morning, I went again for pozole (green this time), daughter had quesadilla, hubby had breakfast chimi with chorizo.Luckily we didn't have to wait long, like 5 minutes or so.Service was good and the food was too.
5	Big House is our absolute favorite breakfast spot in CG. We mostly order for pick up, but our last meal in was with a party of 10 and the food & service was spot-on. We are always greeted with a smile and the long wait is entirely worth it.
5	Best local restaurant we have found. Closed by 2:00 pm so get there for a hearty, fresh and homemade breakfast.
5	I love this place. Every time I come here I get a different item on the menu and it is delicious. Like home cooking. It is locally owned and operated. The people are so friendly. Definitely recommended as a top local food spot.
5	Food was excellent! A must stop when in Casa Grande. Florentine omelet outstanding! We will return.
4	It was delicious! The portions are huge hence the name, the staff is awesome and super friendly.
5	I love this place. They have some very delicious food with really big portions. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I would highly recommend this place which is located in old town Casa Grande.
5	Really good food, really good prices, really good service.  We just ate there and will eat there again soon.
5	I spend some time in Casa Grande with my in-laws and really hate to frequent the chains. So when a good friend was coming down for a quick lunch I checked some of the local restaurants online and found Big House Cafe. I noticed on the menu, quite a choice of items with green chile. Both my lunch partner and I being from New Mexico (we put green chile on everything) were somewhat skeptical of the green chile offerings. Most places outside of New Mexico that offer green chile are not good; it usually resembles green bell peppers, tasteless and heatless. I ordered the eggs, beans, and potatoes breakfast smothered in green chile sauce. The sauce was tasty, but it needs more heat for this New Mexican. I'm sure it's tough considering you could potentially kill a Snowbird with the heat generated from a chile sauce. My wife is from Minnesota, so I know all about that. Maybe offer a "hot" chile as well? Just an idea. I also ordered a Green Chile pancake. Now, I say we put chile on everything, but pancake is a new one for me. My curiosity was piqued so I had to try it. It was very good; I love the savory sweet combo and am disappointed I haven't thought of this combo on my own. I made pancakes today and added green chile and cheese. Big House chef, if you are reading, try it with cheese, you will love it. My buddy had the chicken fried chicken and eggs. The chicken fry was delicious, well-seasoned, crunchy, and impressive in size. I had just a couple bites, but I think I know what I'm going to order next time I go. Both meals were served with chunky fried potatoes, or home fries, just the way I like it. Hash browns are for IHOP, this place does it right. I later found out the owners are from Albuquerque, so this whole menu makes much more sense now. I'm from Burque myself and am glad to know these folks are representing the 505. Keep it up Big House Cafe; take chile (New Mexico style) to the masses! As Arnold once said, "I'll be back."
5	What a hidden gem. The food was fantastic. The place was packed at 1:30 pm on a monday. Got really good service for being so busy. The cinnamon rolls were really good. Food came really fast. Need to explore this place more. If you are in Casa Grande, you need to stop here. Had pastrami on a pretzel bun. Outstanding.
5	I eat at Big House a minimum of once a week, usually 2-4 times.  I try to get something different every time.  The menu is so diverse, that this isn't hard to do, but some items are so good, they're worth ordering over and over.  The Roma omelet and the Fajita omelet were recent first-tries.  Both were fantastic!  Also, it isn't on the menu, but the Jake Burrito is awesome (and humongous)!
5	Delicious food with a constant flow of people pouring in and out of the joint, definitely a local favorite as well!
4	The food and service was the best I have had in a long time, could have done without the creepy guy with the dog inside the place health code violation I am sure.
5	Great food and excellent service. The cheese burgers are fresh on baked bread with cut fries!
5	By far the best place to eat in Casa Grande. The ground beef, green chili cheese crisp is amazing!
5	Service is great. Food was amazing as a family we all shared out food. Portions are very large.
5	Anyone who rates this place less than four stars either has no soul or no taste buds, or should keep their tattooed eyebrows in Maricopa at the Harrah's buffet (I am looking at you Kimmy W). One word: bar-b-Cuban.
3	We thought that we would give this place another try.  We have eaten here for lunch and really weren't all that impressed so we thought that we would give it another try for breakfast.  The menu selection is good and they have about everything you could want.  I had the Big House Breakfast and my wife had the Country Breakfast.  The eggs and potatoes were good.  The pancakes were ok, nothing to get excited about.  The single sausage patty was very overdone and dry, almost burnt.  Her breakfast was ok except the sausage gravy.  It seemed sweet and was lacking any sign of sausage.  I really don't think we will go back for any kind of meal.  Breakfast for two was around $22.  I thought that was a little steep but oh well.
5	Best place in Casa Grande for Breakfast or Lunch. Menu selection is great. Serving portions are large. Can get really busy on weekends especially during the winter season but wait is worth it. Located in downtown Casa Grande, go there if you want a great meal from a friendly staff.
5	They have a huge menu with options to fit anyone.  The portions are big and full of flavor, the service is fast and friendly.  We will be back.... ..
5	Great place with huge portions....haven't had a bad thing here yet. Lots of things to choose from and friendly staff. Will always come here when going to casa grande
5	I discovered the Jake burrito with brisket added is the best $13 burrito I've ever had. Yesterday I had the Carolina Crush, a 10 oz patty stacked with pulled pork and freshly chopped cole slaw. With the seasoned fries, it was amazing! Once again, my expectation were exceeded.
5	"Flavorful Hardy Food & Not too Spendie"Very Hardy, perfectly cooked, and wonderfully seasoned food. The portions were big and the prices ranged from $7-10 a plate. The service was fast and staff was polite.I went there for breakfast and 5min after we sat down a line of 15 people built up outside the door waiting for seating.I guess my only criticism would be that it's a tad small. Better get there early or at an irregular mealtime to ensure getting a table.
4	Great food and huge menu. I changed my mind about six times before I made my decision on what to order. It all looked so good and results were fantastic. Nice portions and great service. A hidden gem in Casa Grande. We will be back as regulars!
4	Amazing food.  Would have given 5 stars, but our service was horrendous.  Nice wait staff but took FOREVER to get service, had to wave them down or go get them.
5	This is by far one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten. Every time I come here I order something different and I've had yet to be disappointed. Their Reuben is amazing, so is their brisket melt. We stop by here every time we go to Tucson. Highly recommended and worth the detour.
5	The place may not look like much from the outside but the food is AMAZING! We came for breakfast. My husband got the big boy, which is steak and eggs and he is quite picky. He took one bite and said "New favorite restaurant". I had the farmboy, which is country fried steak with country gravy and it was delicious. The portions are huge too. We will be back!
5	I went on a random adventure with some friends and we found ourselves at this restaurant. I saw that they had "all you can eat" fish for like $13, and laughed thinking "no way. It has to be horrible."It was DELICIOUS. The entire experience was great, the wait staff were excellent. If I ever find myself back in Casa Grande again, I will be sure to eat here.
4	It's a ways off the freeway to stop regularly, but we were glad we did. The prices are very reasonable and the portions large for lunch.  I had the chicken caesar salad.  The strips of chicken were nicely grilled and very thick. Chopped eggs and tomatoes added to the dish.  Husband ordered the chicken bruchetta and talked about the blended flavors for hours afterwards.  (He is so not a foodie)
5	My husband and I had a hard time choosing what to order because everything sounded yummy. So we decided to try a lot of different things - pozole, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, brisket hash, and the tamale breakfast plate. It was all delicious! I love that you can get both American and Mexican breakfast. It's worth the drive off the I-10. Friendly service and decently priced too.
4	Great little place. The food, service and the Big House Crew are consistently great each time we come to enjoy a meal. Look forward to many more visits to this little spot.Tip: Try the biscuits and gravy!
5	This is the best kept secret place to eat in town. Best breakfast ever! The wife and I eat here every week. I try some thing new on the menu every time. I love it!
4	The food, the staff and atmosphere are great. It can get a bit hectic and crazy as they deal with the breakfast or lunch time push but it is worth every bit of wait to gain a table. Go there and enjoy.
5	Great Service..Awesome Food. We were party of 25 without a reservation and the staff was amazing! Huge back dinning room!
5	I've eaten here twice today! I'm camping at skydive Arizona and the good food choices in eloy are bleak.  Was pleasantly surprised that a mere 19 minute drive would take me to a place with such fabulous food with good (but a tad slow) service.  The Machaca breakfast with home fries, green chile, eggs and a warm soft tortilla were out of this world!Dinner, later, was also great.  I got the green something burger (I forget the name, but it has green chile) and it was delicious and huge!  Fries were also good.  I will definitely come here again.  The waitstaff is at times a little awkward, but whatever.
4	Great Service..Awesome Food. We were party of 25 without a reservation and the staff was amazing! Huge back dinning room!
5	Great Service..Awesome Food. We were party of 25 without a reservation and the staff was amazing! Huge back dinning room!
5	Big house is friendly and food is really yummy. Only down side is space, small location. Other than that is is definitely worth the visit.
4	The food is fantastic, the staff is so kind and service oriented would recommend you stop by here regularly you cant go wrong we have been many times and it is always consistent
3	Food was ok but service can be better. the wait was too long for a order for one. and the service for customers of one should get the same respect and a family of four or guest with four in the group.
4	Big house is friendly and food is really yummy. Only down side is space, small location. Other than that is is definitely worth the visit.
4	Nothing spectacular, but still a good meal when we needed one.  This unpretentious place, with a pleasant if not particularly skilled serving staff, provided us with a decent cup of pozole, a good, modestly sized side of fruit salad, and a pretty darn good jalapeno tuna melt (without the jalapenos).  Not worth a special trip.  But if you're passing through, as we were, you'll get a wholesome lunch for a reasonable price.
4	Probably the best Big House Cafe experience possible, a full presentation on all the steaks was given before our order was taken.
5	One of the best restaurants I have ever eaten in Big House Cafe. Food, service, atmosphere was outstanding. I requested a few things prior to arrival and they were all taken care of without me asking at the restaurant. Highly recommend for others.
5	I have been a Big House Cafe  regular since his days at le Cirque. I have rarely met such a humble and friendly chef who has been hands on in all is operations. Big House Cafe , his flagship is an Opera in 5 acts. A pure adrenaline rush: food, service, atmosphere, I have never been disppointed. 20 years have gone past, Big House Cafe  is a world star now and his food simply a class act. keep it up!
4	Gods breakfast in a cool small town cafe atmosphere. Recommend this to everyone! Forget the chain restaurants and come here for breakfast or lunch. Dinner is available on Thursday and Friday nights.
