5	Finally, a sushi place in moon valley with not only AMAZING sushi, but also an amazing atmosphere and friendly staff! If you love sushi, please check them out. They also have their liquor license, which a few in the area do not. Clean and beautifully set up. I am certain that I will be coming here every week. They have a very wide variety of sushi and other menu items. Their sister store fresh wasabi has had obvious success as well, they definitely know what they're doing! Also, great happy hour offers! Very impressed!
4	Came here with the bestie and her tot and were pleasantly surprised.  We shared edamame and a few rolls- tootsie, salmon, and what I think was called the sunrise roll (Cali roll with salmon and thinly sliced lemon on top), which was super tasty.  Fish was fresh and rice was cooked perfectly with good seasoning.  The servers were also very attentive (maybe a bit too attentive since it was slow, but I guess that's not a bad thing).  We came during lunch and they had a special on certain rolls, 2 for $7.  Good deal!We didn't go too crazy on the raw stuff because my friend is still exploring, but what we had was great.  Even her daughter liked the salmon roll!Prices are decent and they have a great selection of creative rolls and other Japanese foods for those non-raw fish eaters.
4	Visited for first time during their happy hour.  Tried some stuff on happy hour and off.  I like my sushi and avoid most rolls.  The Nigiri was good.  Tuna was a little pbland but the salmon, yellow tail and snapper made up for it.  Great deals on their happy hour (4p-7p every day) -  a Big Beer and Big  Hot sakes are $6.  Service was prompt and friendly.Love the reusable Sushi Menus!My asks - close Monday and open Sunday.  Put some cold sake on Happy Hour.  Will be back
4	Very excited to see this place open next to the Target.  We usually go to Yen Sushi on 43rd Ave, but Sushi Style is super close to us.  Decor is stylish and nicer than your average strip mall joint.  Happy Hour prices were awesome and selection at Happy Hour is fine.  For our first trip, we just wanted to try the basics, and we will definitely go back to choose more specialty rolls.  I won't say that the sushi blew me away, but it was good enough to put this place on my regular go-to list.  It's a lot nicer than the other strip mall sushi spots in the vicinity.   I do like the unique dry-erase sushi lists, and the menus is accommodating in that there are pictures and descriptions of every specialty roll!  That is a nice touch. 4 stars for our first trip, and am predicting 5 stars when we return. Welcome addition to this saturated corner!
4	Not the best in town, but we will definitely be going often to the happy hour as it is very close. The salmon was delicious melted on my tongue. The Philly roll was probably one of the best I've had at any of these west side sushi places, even better than Yen. Yen has asparagus in it which makes it weird. They have cucumber AND avocado. Any Philly roll fans would say that's a little piece of heaven. Very clean inside and staff is attentive
4	Great place! We went for lunch! Decent prices.. Huge menu, menu has lots of options... They have pictures of majority of rolls on menu which is nice with full description.. They have lunch specials that a great prices. Waitresses are very attentive! Close to my house so thats a plus! Will go back again!
4	We went back for a second time, Weds night 6pm during happy hour.  Place was more crowded this time, which we see as a good thing because we want it to succeed....BUT....they really need to work on their service model.  There are no bussers or hosts, and only two wait staff who, I hate to say, are not the most experienced or efficient.  We watched about three parties come in, look around, stand there, and then turn around and leave.  They were never acknowledged by staff.   There were tables available but they weren't bussed, so having a busser or at least an extra server would help them keep the flow going and not make a bad first impression on walk-ins!  We still like this place, glad it's here, but they have some kinks to work out service-wise.  Not well-oiled.
4	Found this place last Thursday and was so impressed I went yet again today. I tried the "sweet thang roll" which was tasty as well as the coconut shrimp appetizer. I can already see myself coming here more often since its close to my one and work. Glad I found this place.
5	Simply some of the best sushi I have ever had.  We have had many items on the menu and they are all fresh and tasty.  Try the alaska and the amigo roll, they're great
5	Exellent service and food. We had the combo plate for 2, I highly recommend it!
5	Turns out i had been driving from north Phoenix to north Scottsdale, a 20 min drive and paying way to much for a roll that I loved, until today. I asks for them to make me a golden California roll with eel sauce, spicy mayo and sriracha, just like the one I had been getting in Scottsdale. They made it even better for half the price and I was spared a drive. Yay sushi style! I will definitely be back soon!
5	I love the neighborhood sushi place!  It is very comfortable and chill atmosphere.  It's high quality without the pretentiousness that's usually associated with quality sushi.  Perfect for date night, girls-guys night out or work functions!  Staff is amazing and chefs prepare nice dishes on and off the menu! Recommend coming in try it out, you will fall in love with sushi again!  Happy hour and reverse happy hour prices can't be beat!  Drink prices are awesome as well!
4	I've been here several times since they've opened and I will always go back, but to the bar top.  The servers are friendly and always make me feel like I'm a "usual".  The sushi is good, but my only complaint is that there are a lot of items that are covered in eel sauce.  The first time we went here the service was mediocre, the food was ok, and the wait was horrible.  I also didn't like that we got the food out all at the same time instead of as it was ready.  A little weird for a sushi place.   I gave it another shot because it's very close to my house and was very pleased with my second visit.It's nice to have a moderately priced, decent sushi place in the area!
5	Living in Southern California, I've had some pretty good sushi. Though, while on a recent vacation to Phoenix, my boyfriend and I were craving sushi! I was a bit skeptical of having sushi in the middle of the desert, but the reviews this place had received seemed promising. Once we arrived, we were shocked at how cheap the rolls were! We happened to come during happy hour, and were pleased with the selection and prices. We ordered a spicy tuna crunch roll and the Godzilla roll and were in sushi heaven! We even loved the Godzilla roll so much that we had to ask for a second roll of it because it was that great. Our waitress Taylor was awesome and super nice, which made our experience better (because who doesn't love great service?) After we finished our rolls, I decided to order the deep fried ice cream, and I'm glad I did. It was hands down the best deep fried ice cream I've ever had. Overall, if you're in the area, you're lucky! Stop by if you're in the mood for some great and inexpensive sushi. I wish we had a Sushi Style out here in Southern California!
4	Sushi quality and freshness was amazing... On this visit my wife and I enjoyed a Vegas roll, crunchy roll and a rainbow roll.  All three rolls just tasted great... We will definitely be coming back...The only reason I didn't give them 5 starts was because we had a coupon that was NOT honored by the owner because it didn't apply to "Happy Hour". The coupon didn't state that it was not valid during happy hour from 4pm to 7pm.  We would practically have to come in at 8pm to 9pm (closing is 9pm), in order, for us to redeem such coupon.  Big fail on their advertising but hey on the other hand they did make me come in to try the sushi...
4	Came here based on Yelp reviews and things were very good. Our waitress was friendly and fast. We had the gyoza, cucumber salad, seaweed salad, and the following rolls, climax, spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, spicy crab. There is reverse happy hour from 8 to close and it's definitely a deal.The food and service was good and fast. I would return here in future visits.
4	Dope, would go again.
4	We came here for happy hour Monday around 6pm. Wasn't too packed and we were greeted and seated right away. Our sever was friendly and attentive and the sushi is good and very reasonably priced!
5	I'm in heaven!!! I had been searching for a great sushi place for awhile now, something that was close to home, and boy did I land the mother load. The pricing is awesome, happy hour even better. Great variety to select from. They even have Jalapeno rolls...my ultimate favorite. They are spicy and hot, so if you like that, you have to try them. Taylor was our waitress. Super friendly, efficient and offered awesome service. They even have Green Tea Ice Cream, outstanding. Keep up the good service and food Sushi Style...you have a patron for life!
3	The fish isn't the highest grade around but the stuff they serve is fresh and nicely proportioned.  Prices are more than reasonable and happy hour is a pretty good deal.  Nice casual place with friendly staff.
5	Stopped in at Sushi Style for the first time this past Tuesday for Happy Hour with the hubby. We loved it so much that we went back last night for reverse happy hour!! The hubby is rather new to sushi but really enjoyed the cream puffs,philly rolls and spicy tuna rolls. This is a good place to go if you are an experienced sushi go-er or if you are a beginner. We also enjoyed the full bar. He had 3 saki-bombers and I had a rather strong martini ;)Stop in and ask for Alex. Prices outside of happy hour aren't bad either.
4	Good sushi, decent prices and happy hour, good service!  I tried this place out just one so far and it was good!!  Godzilla was good.  Loved the baked scallop roll.
1	I used to like this place until tonight.  The first issue I had was that the fat sushi chef behind the bar was very unprofessional in how he was talking bad about customers and there needs.  Then my server Adam took a 12 minute smoke break out on the patio while I sat there with an empty drink.  I may not have noticed if the other two female servers would have filled it up on 4-5 times that they walked by me.  After Adam decided to come back, and actually do some work he decided that it wasn't important to wash his hands.  Keep reading it gets better.  He finally came by to grab my beverage so he could refill it, and while walking back with it and holding it by the top, I was thinking to myself if I should ask him to stir the sugar into my iced tea with his finger since it really couldn't get any more disgusting.  I can only imagine what their kitchen and walk-in coolers look like if this is what they allow the staff to do.The presence of an owner or any type of management is non existent.  Its like watching the insane running the assylum.  With over 18 years as a chef and restaurant consultant my suggestion would be to terminate all of the staff and start over with professional people that may look out for the good of the restaurant.  Also get a real manager that will hold the staff accoutable for their actions.  This place doesn't have a chance for longevity with how it is running currently.
4	This sushi place is close to my home and I've been wanting to try it and finally did.  I was surprised at how good it was.  We had an excellent meal with cucumber salads and several of the sushi offerings off of their happy hour menu and some green iced tea.  All was fresh and tasty.   We had excellent service and will be returning.
5	Love this place. Very friendly environment. Excellent sushi spot with great service. My wife and kids come here at least once a week, for the past 3 months. The owner recognizes us and hooks us up with free appetizers.  Defiantly recommend this place.
2	Had high hopes for this place, since it's a branch off of Fresh Wasabi in Glendale (which has great food). Went here for Happy hour and got seated right away. We ordered from the HH menu - two Raspberry Teas (their version of a Long Island with raspberry flavor), calamari, and four sushi rolls. Calamari was chewy and had no flavor, teas were a little weird but strong and effective, and rolls were small and mostly consisted of rice. Oh, and they left the cream cheese out of our Philly Roll! That was a first for us. All in all, we were pretty disappointed with Sushi Style, and would probably not come back :/
3	We stopped in on a Wednesday night around 6:30pm- the end of the happy hour which is from 4-7pm.  We ordered crab puffs, 4 happy hour rolls and a sake sangria.  A few minutes after the server took our menus he informed us they were out of crab puffs.  We said that's fine and did not order a different item to replace it. The sangria took about 5 minutes but was ok when it arrived- not too sweet.  Very drinkable.  We got 2 if our 4 rolls out after 30 minutes.  The Las Vegas roll is typically one of my favorites but this one was room temperature and the tempura was slightly soggy.  The Philly roll was typical.  Our second 2 rolls came out after we ate the first two.  The crunchy crab and spicy tuna were both just ok.  Something really small that I did notice was the nori seaweed wrapper seemed chewy-er than I've ever noticed before. All in all- I didn't hate it but they don't even have to cook the food!  It should come out quicker then that!
2	I can't really think of anything to say about this place. It was dull. I stopped in because I switched work locations again, and craving a veggie roll hard. I ordered to go. Miso soup- Bland, it was eh. Decent portion, just not really anything that I'd purchase again. I gave the specifications of what I wanted which was veggie tempura roll, they were out of broccoli which was :(. The roll came apart, the rice rolled on the inside which I'm not a big fan of. It was kinda a waste of money and I do not plan on coming back. Oh, and it was really cold in the place.
5	Great friendly staff! The waitress we had was all over our table making sure we were well taken care of! HAPYY HOUR Sushi is awesome!
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would! What a wonderfully delicious experience! All of the staff are so pleasant and charismatic! Cheers and thankyou for yet another wonderful date night!
5	My boyfriend and I loved this place! We recently moved from San Diego and needed to find a new local sushi joint. We went for happy hour and the rolls were very reasonably priced and delish! I love sushi and have tried many places and I was impressed by this place. Server was so friendly and efficient, refilling our drinks constantly. They also passed out a dish "on the house" to all the tables for us to try, which was nice. Looks like we found our new local sushi joint!
4	Great!Their happy hour prices are very reasonable, and the $3 salmon nigiri was delicious!Plus- they had a lot of "cooked" sushi options for my mother who is scared of raw fish.  Silly mom.
2	Ok so I came here on two nights the first times and service was great .. And the food is awesome. Now I have been bringing people to come try.. Every Monday I have been here trying to enjoy a good lunch with friends... My mom... And my boyfriend ... Just yesterday my friend actually made the statement I will never come back here again... But since the food and prices are so great I came back today and honestly because of your service we will never come back.. The two waitresses that work during the day are not pleasant . It's hard to get more drinks .... We have had sass and been very uncomfortable every time . Just today my boyfriend finished his three rolls before I even got my soup and salad ... Needless to say I have brought 5 different people to try out this new place and no one will be coming back... Awful service .
4	Happy Hour prices are great! $3 large sake?!  Love it. Ordered a Tootsie Roll and Spicy Tuna Roll, both were just okay, but I LOVED how fresh the wasabi was. Service was great - the right amount of attentiveness, but also left enough time for a full conversation without being interrupted. Cleanly. Relaxed atmosphere with seating inside and outside. My mom swears this is one of the best new sushi places on the north side. No wifi :(
1	HAHAHA,the place is exactly what i thought. I wanted to try this because hey...i want to give all new places a shot before passing judgement.When we went in no one sat us down for 5 minutes, but it was completely empty...finally a hostess came sat us down and then didn't bring us any menus...I was fed up so i got up and grabbed menus myself from the hostess stand.Just by looking at the place i knew it wasn't going to be good. The salmon was warm slimmy and rubbery...yeah three traits your "fresh" seafood should never be..guess what happened 4 hours later...I will spare you the details and let your imagine play.Anyways, pretty typical poor quality sushi place, with inflated prices. They don't even use real crab for their quality roles. Whatever gets the suckers to come in and spend money thats fine..won't be back...second chance has been revoked for this place
2	We ordered the sushi lunch special $6.95 for  two rolls (we got salmon and yellowtail) a red dragon roll, and a soft shell crab, hot tea, miso soup, and a lemonade. The total was $34.55. I would recommend the crab but not for the price (7.00) it was VERY SMALL. The soup was just warm not hot but good. The tea was good and hot but they did not have any tea cups and they served it in saki cups. The salmon was good and the red dragon roll was good. The rice on all the sushi was very sticky and just slightly hard :(
5	Came in for a late lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. Waitress was super sweet and helpful! She recommended the double climax roll, it was a little pricy yet amazing. For our appetizer we had the baked muscles, which were perfect! Also had the crab claws (they gave two big pieces of meat on each roll) compared to other sushi restaurants we were pretty happy about that! Of course, spicy scallop rolls were amazing too. We went at a perfect time, because it was pretty empty and we had extremely quick service. Definitely will come back again.
2	I stopped in to this location with a co-worker for a bite during lunch.  Always on the lookout for good sushi, we decided to give this place a try.  The results were less than stellar.We both felt the service lacked somewhat.  Not on the server side, but on the food delivery side.  We both felt the service was sort of slow, despite the restaurant being mostly empty.I ordered smoked salmon nigiri, seared tuna tataki salad and a baked scallop roll.  The Tuna salad was large, but seemed to be doused in a lot of sauce that was sort of vinegar-like.  It was too much for me.  Additionally, the tuna was brown with visible white connective tissue veins.  I did not finish this dish.  The baked scallop roll was one of the lessor examples of the dish I have had.  Using what appeared to be regular US-style mayo, straight, and little, if any additives made for a roll that any untrained person could execute at home without any flair or problem.On the flip side, the smoked salmon nigiri was tasty and well portioned.I also ordered a desert I had never heard of, tempura or deep fried cheese cake.  This peaked my interest and I explored.  Once delivered, it dawned on me that I was looking at a close cousin of a churro drizzled with chocolate sauce and whipped cream (see a photo I have posted).  It was initially tasty, but lost its attractiveness as I consumed more.  It's high sweetness load, combined with the outer "fried" layer made for a bad finish.  This is a desert that would probably appeal more to children at a party.Overall, not my best sushi experience, but not my worst.  Since I always believe that everyone has a bad day, I will keep this one on my second chance list.
1	We went there for a birthday lunch. Only 2 other tables were occupied.  No hostess to greet us until serveral minutes after we entered. She did not ask if we have been there before or if we had questions on the menu. From the time the 1st order of our group was delivered to the last order, it was over 35 minutes. The waitress said there was a huge backup in the kitchen. "A huge backup with 4 patrons and two already served?" The waitress asked if there was anything she could get for us implying to the group she would take care of it. She brought out two edemame which she charged us for.  The person whose birthday we are celebrating got there meal second too last. It was awkward because no one wanted to eat out of respect until everyone got served. I am never coming back. Great job, that's 7 customers you'll never see again.
4	Went with friends on a busy Friday night. Every one was friendly. Food was fast. Four of us gorged ourselves on rolls, sashimi , beer, and saki and had a tab under $100.
5	This was my first time here, I've found my new favorite sushi place! The happy hour deals are great. $1.00 for a good-sized bowl of miso soup. We received excellent customer service from our waitress (I think her name was Rachael), the hostess, and even the sushi chef came out to make sure that he understood our very complicated order. He was very nice and didn't try to make me guilty about all of the substitutions I asked for in my roll. Our food was served quickly and our waitress was attentive, friendly and welcoming. I will definitely be back and would highly recommend trying out Sushi Style.
5	This is one of the best sushi bars in Phoenix. Very fresh Sushi and their prices are very reasonable. The sushi staff and servers are great.
5	Great place. Good sushi, nice and clean, friendly staff, an all around good time. So happy to have a sushi place so close by. Looking forward to many more visits.
1	Never again.  Long strands of hair in my roll.  Sushi is usually made with bare hands...  If something as long and obvious as hair makes it in, what else is getting in the rolls?  Nope.  Not going back.
4	I'm by no means a sushi snob, so I really enjoyed this place. The server was wonderful and super friendly, seating was immediate and the place was packed. We loved everything we ordered. The server even gave us everything on the happy hour menu and saved us about 20 bucks! Im kind of a novice so perhaps those with an advance palette would turn their nose up, but whatever, just means quicker services for me ;)
5	LOVE this place. Great prices,  awesome food, great service... I'm so happy this place is 2 minutes from my place!!!!!!
4	First time dining here and I noticed first, place was full...Good Sign! Our server was friendly and courteous. Couldn't beat the reverse happy hour prices from 8 to close. Ordered a few rolls off of that menu. Ordered a couple more off of regular menu. Favorite was the "First Love" roll. Very tasty with good acidity. We'll be back to try more rolls! Oh Sopporro's were $2, a plus!!
2	If you're looking for an inexpensive drink option, you can get both a saki and beer combo for under $5.00.  Sushi was okay; not great, but not terrible.  Cucumber salad was sweet and I prefer more vinegar.Service leaves a lot to be desired.  I have dined twice.  On both occasions, waited to get drinks, refills, and anything you may need after initial meal delivery.  Service is slow.We sent a dish back this time and the server was pleasant and voided the cost of that dish.  We ended up getting something different and it was just okay!One last note, where I'm from, they don't include wasabi in the sushi but instead only offer it on the side.  This place actually puts wasabi in the rice and or sushi ( we confirmed this with the waiter since I had never seen this done).  If you don't like wasabi, ask for them to leave it off the dish!
3	Good sushi- it was the service details that will make it hard to come back again. Out of one of the things we ordered (charged for it on the bill)- we didn't get half of them! We didn't get the 2 orders of cucumber salad we ordered...  And they were out of the shrimp shumai. So we ate 3 rolls and that was it. Bummer we never got to eat the other 3 items we ordered- even though they tried to charge us for them!
4	Great sushi at very reasonable prices!  They also have a pretty good happy hour until 7pm, which includes $6 saki bombs (and a very generous amount of saki)!  My friend and I didn't order sushi off the happy hour menu, but instead ordered the sushi combo for 2 for $35 which was a nice assortment of rolls, sashimi and nigiri, mixed tempura, and miso soup and salad for each of us.  Lots of food at a great price!  Love that there is a good sushi spot in the neighborhood now!
3	This is a review that will be updated after a second visit.The first review: After a few months since opening, the atmosphere was chill, laid back, and easy going. We walk in, and within a few minutes, we are seated and given our menu's and options of available drinks.Drinks came briskly and promptly, I have to say, my drink was alright, maybe a bit far too much liquor being as it was a mixed martini.The Appetizers, Miso, Cucumber salad (I was craving Seaweed Salad, however they were out) The Miso as  expected, was delicious. However it was lacking the much needed ingredients for a perfect broth. The salad was beyond depressing for my tastes. Bland, almost entirely too sweet, something def to pick at western tastes, had a bit of crunch due to sesame seeds. The slices themselves were thin, too thin, and were wilted, soggy and again bland. Little vinegar, but more sugar.The Main Course: Spicy Tuna, Spicy Eel Roll, Slices of Tuna & Salmon Sashimi, Two Eel Pieces.The meal is expected of a new hip joint for sushi & sashimi. I will say I enjoyed it, however the much needed moisture and air when eating sushi, should always have a crisp, and sumptuous flavour of the fish itself. This was a bit lacking due to the need for almost everything we got came with sauces. (On & Off to the side) The rice was almost way too dry to truly enjoy thoroughly. Some of the slices of eel were to me shrunken or seemed to me, they shrunk in size, think of the moisture being sucked out of a piece of meat. The tuna & spicy eel was similar, but they were both tasty and suited my craving for some fish that day. The slices of sashimi were thick, not too thick, but may change due to price as well as the availability of said species. Plenty of Daikon, heaps of it. The two eel pieces, they are supposed to be dripping with flavour, I was sorely disappointed with this one, they were dry, lacking in eel sauce, barely a spoonful was laid upon it.The Service: Our overall service at the time was very mixed, we kept getting the wrong dishes, they'd send us over someone else's order, and they seemed as if they never actually wrote down our order which really put my pal & I off. Our overall waiter was incredibly nice, I think they started a week ago at the time, but that is no excuse not to write down and order, be it our waiter or someone else's. In total, we had 4 times a mix up of orders occurred. We were given a complimentary dish of fried fish skin with 3 types of sauces on it, not even on the side. I touched nothing, and my partner only ate 1-2 of the 7-8 slices we were given. It was beyond mediocre.Overall I will be visiting this place again to see if anything has updated since then, and hope that this time I can give them a full 5 stars. However if you want an actual home style sushi experience, I recommend HaNa Sushi. A mom & pop place as well as an eatery that will keep you coming back for more.
5	Came in with a hankering for some sushi and such. Friendly service and a great menu. The selection was fresh and tasted great. I will be back for more craving killers.
5	Came in for happy hour and was seated right away. The environment is nice... clean and intimate. They even have outdoor patio seating available. Our waiter Alex came right over and was very pleasant and efficient. It is hard to find good service so I always appreciate when I do! The food was delicious and fresh! You can't beat the prices! So happy to have a quality sushi place in the neighborhood that provides great service, great food and good times! Will definitely be back!
4	My husband hates sushi so by the the he leaves on business I'm craving it.  Moving back in town has expanded options :).  I tried Sushi Style out because it was close to home & I worked all day.  I had the spicy scallop roll & climax roll.  They were good.  Not great, but I'd come back to try more, and that's the important thing.  Everything tasted fresh, that's why I would.  Both had a slight spicy taste.  I also had the raspberry sake, which was great. So why the 4 stars?  Well, here it is.  Service.  The guy behind the sushi counter was very nice, his co-worker was totally rude and actually started a conflict in front of customers about him.  The other issue was a waitress was upset because she was skipped in rotation and again, it was blown out in front of customers.  My waitress (which I would say was the manager since she handled one conflict) was really nice and attentive.  Next time, I'll sit table bound (which sucks because I like watching my rolls made).  Hopefully people put their egos on lockdown.
1	Never AgainWent in for lunch, sat at the Bar.  One of the Sushi chefs began arguing with another staff member when we sat down, the argument escalated, and it was really awkward.  The sushi chef (calling him that for lack of a better word)  even began to say things like "fuck this" and so on......While all of this is happening he is kind of making our sushi, he does have gloves on his hands, but begins to cough.  He then pulls fish out of the cooler, uncovers it looks at it, smells it clearly hesitates and then tosses the fish in the garbage.  Now he has coughed and grabbed bad fish with the same pair of gloves on his hands, he begins to make our sushi.We walked out.  Wont be going back.
2	Went last night based on favorable reviews. Ordered the special Tuna Tartar and got a tuna Salad. Then Specifically said do not bring the Tartar... Guess what brought that as well.. Truly a language barrier the rolls did not tasted right and my Tuna Sashimi was dry and fell apart as I picked it up.
3	Good sushi , edamame was the best I've had .. Hard to explain but the beans popped right out , juicy and just enough salt .. Clean cool atmosphere . The reason for 3 stars is the EXTREMELY SLOW SERVICE ... About 40 minutes to get the sushi , we were literally sitting there bored with our hands on our cheeks .. (Not busy either).  Scared to order dessert (fearing we'd wait another 30 mins) but we did and waited for 15 minutes for a scoop of ice cream.  If your starving or on a time schedule I would not come here .. But if you have time to spare its worth a try.
5	Came here with friends for the happy hour specials a saturday afternoon and gotta say we were less than impressed with the first visit. The server took almost an hour just to take our order and the food came out in weird stages, but the drinks were cheap and the sushi was good so we decided to give them a second chance. On our subsequent visits the servers were very attentive and the food was great so I'm giving them five stars and counting the first visit as a fluke.
2	They have a great happy hour but the service could use some work. The sushi always tastes great but seems to be quickly made -too quickly- because it falls apart very easily. If you don't mind waiting for a server longer than usual this place is OK.
3	Came in for late lunch on a Tuesday. I sat at the bar and the chef was nice and  server was attentive. The sushi was average nothing extraordinary. Good presentation but average on taste. More of a traditional style with little fusion. I prefer fusion style sushi along with traditional sushimi. Would I come in again if in passing by and in the mood for sushi perhaps, but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
1	I've been here a few times. My kids meals came out wrong, beef instead of chicken. The waitress attempted to argue with me about what I ordered.  Then, I told her we were missing three sushi rolls and she looked at me as if I was in need of a mental facility (that may be true, but a crazy look is not an admissible diagnoses) C'mon really!!!She was so unfriendly and should really consider an alternative career path.
5	The reverse happy hour here is amazing. Sushi is alway fresh, servers and chefs are friendly and amazing, and the flavored sake is fantastic. In the happy hour they have full size rolls for $4 & $5 dollars, specials on drinks, fast service. The also have fresh wasabi if you ask for it for $2. If you have never had real wasabi (green paste is not wasabi it's horseradish with coloring) then definitely ask for it.
5	I moved down here from Cali a yeah ago and I know sushi. This place makes some of the best sushi I've had since I moved out here great place
4	This place is awesome!  The staff asked if it was our first time there (which it was) and hooked us up with a free signature roll.  For being so far from the ocean, this place was good.  I enjoyed it.  I will definitely be back.
4	Pretty decent little joint.The staff was very pleasant as we came for a round of sake bombers ($5) and a few rolls during their reverse happy hour which starts at 8! Even though the venue is small they have a nice environment and the food was very good. I will definitely be returning to this sushi bar for their delicious sushi rolls and happy hour menu,
4	My last experience wasn't pleasant. However, today was much different.  My service was good and the food was great. One thing I must say is that the food (sushi) is consistently good.
4	Service could have been a little more friendly, but the sushi was good.food came out quickly.not my first pick if I'm looking for sushi but not my last.
4	Food is pretty good, service is sometimes slow, which is why I gave 4 stars. Happy hour is great..till 7! Gets pretty busy around 630, so try to get in before then. Staff is friendly, but you need to get their attention most of the time to get things. We go back often, so definitely try to go if you are low on funds but want a decent sushi place.
4	Only go here for happy hour with family.   The saki sangria is delicious and a good happy hour drink.  I started off with the cucumber salad and it was great.  I love the sweet vinaigrette dressing that they put on there.  Between the three of us we normally split 4 rolls.  Crunchy shrimp is my favorite!  Tootsie and salmon sushi-mi are great too!  The service this past time was great, before we have had some bad service but that's because of the servers age and culture I am sure.  If you want great happy hour sushi check this place out.  Our bill is never over $40!
5	I just dont even know where to begin with a hidden gem like this. It is located in a Target strip mall so it is a bit difficult to find, but it is well worth the search! They have a BOOK of a ton of different specialty rolls. My favorite is the second climax with the hawaiian white tuna and jalapenos. My bf hardly eats sushi but now that we've found this place, he begs to go at lease twice a week! The prices are average but the quality is the best I've seen.
3	I live in this area, and have always seen this little joint by the Target and wondered about it. When a girlfriend at work wanted to go for Happy Hour I decided to pick this place- one for its proximity and two, for the fact that their Happy Hour goes until 7 pm. For a workaholic like me, who doesn't ever know if I have to stay late- that's totally a WIN. So me and my friend roll into here at the tail end of happy hour and it's pretty busy. Clearly the locals are in the know about the happy hour deals at this place. We wait a little while- not too long, and get seated in our own little booth. There are two sets of menus- the happy hour one, and the regular one. We order off of both and wait for our food to arrive.First off- cocktails. She got the sangria, I got the Tokyo Tea. Both are great- the Tea is DEFINITELY pretty strong, so be warned. It's apparently their version of Long Islands, with Midori added. Good to know. I lucked out with it being good- the cocktails had no description and so I picked blindly, hoping it would taste decent. The sushi came out very promptly, and was decent for sushi. Nice portion sizes, fairly fresh. I unfortunately can't remember what exactly we ordered, though. Interestingly enough, we note after we finish our first plate of sushi that we're missing some. We flag down what I'm pretty sure is the Lady Boss, and she apologizes profusely- and brings back out for us the Happy Hour menu. Even though it's actually AFTER happy hour at this point. I was quite impressed, to be honest. But we tell her no, we had orders on the regular menu, and she brings that out instead, we mark down what we got and reorder again. This had a bit more raw fish- I believe we got the Cherry Blossom roll, and the... white something? My memory fails me, but it had white tuna, and mayo, and was awesome. I also got my standard Ikura nigiri, and that too was okay. It can be too fishy if not fresh, but this was good. For all the sushi we ate, and the drinks we drank (we got an appetizer AND miso soup as well) it only came up to about $30 a person. Pretty gosh danged decent, given that us two ate enough for 4 people. So definitely worth a stop in, and for me- repeat visits, if only because it's so close to home.
4	I stopped by Sushi Style today for a bite of lunch.  Even though it was lunch hour and a lot of places are jam-packed, this sushi restaurant was busy but not to the point you had to wait for service.The waitress was fantastic.  Before I even had settled fully in she had brought a delicious glass of fresh iced tea with lemon. I've been to places where you just have no idea if the tea has been sitting out for hours and is beginning to sour and it's not a pleasant experience.  I had a tootsie roll which was very good..the eel sauce combined with the crunch on a crab California roll was awesome.  I also had an Arizona roll which was again, awesome.  I will most likely be back very soon again for lunch or dinner.  My husband and I only go to one or two places for sushi, and this place gives Yen Sushi a run for its money with its broad menu and great service.
5	Go for happy hour and sit at the bar. Poke salad is delish as is spicy tuna roll, waitresses leave much to be desired but the chefs friendliness makes it up.
4	This place is special. Great signature rolls!!! Not pretentious. Fresh wasabi available.
5	The most delicious sushi I have EVER had! We ordered four rolls of sushi and only waited 10 minutes. The environment is nice, modern, and the service is excellent!
4	I like going to this place for their ramen.  There aren't that many places around us that serve ramen and when I have my craving, this is where we go.  If we are there during happy hour, we also order a few sushi rolls, which there are none that we have not liked.  Service is really friendly and there's always a table ready for us when we arrive.  I definitely recommend this place.
3	I would say this is your everyday, run of the mill sushi joint; nothing great but not terrible.   My friend and I each ordered the $9 lunch combo, plus an order of tamago (egg) and one additional roll (Chimichanga roll I believe). The combos came with Miso soup and a salad; the soup was very good and the salad was average.  The combo we each ordered came with 16 pieces of Spicy Tuna roll, 16 pieces of California roll, and a piece each of shrimp, salmon, tuna, and yellow tail.  The four pieces of fish were very tasty, but the California roll was fishy tasting and the Spicy Tuna was bland and tiresome after about 5 or 6 pieces.  The other roll we ordered separately was also conceptually a good idea but unfortunately a bit bland.  Finally the egg, which is something I order at every Japanese restaurant I go to, was tasty but had a very weird consistency I have never encountered.  Honestly, it was mainly the soup and the wonderful, friendly, attentive staff that earned this joint a 3.  If you are looking for good service and a good atmosphere this is a decent place to go.
5	The sushi here is on point. Good environment and great servers. Also every time i come here i get goose bumps from the crunchy roll when it hits my taste buds. Overall 5 star sushi.
2	Heard good things from people who have been here and thought I would check it out and as a sushi fanatic I was not impressed at all.The service was rather slow, the waiter rarely checked in on us and seemed distracted most of the time although the place was not really busy. He would take one order then come back 7 minutes later for the other. Also we waited a good 15 minutes for our check after we all decided to leave some kind of signal we were done by stacking our plates together.Onto the sushi: most of the sushi was fresh, however the avocados were not ripe enough and were slightly hard. All throughout the dinner, I had this very unusual undertone taste to everything I ate. After several experiments we discovered it was a mixture of the dirty soy sauce bowls and the soy sauce that made everything taste like you were eating a latex balloon.Between the service, the weird taste and the high priced food ($14 for Beef Yakisoba? It's just ramen with little tidbits of beef!) we figured we can go to Sushi Station near Desert Ridge in the future for a much better meal.
4	Good stuff, attentive friendly staff. Came here for a good quick lunch and that's exactly what I got. Got a couple of rolls and they were on point. I'll be back.
5	This place has a fabulous selection of sushi and I enjoy the openness of the restaurant.  The staff are friendly and are always on top of things.  I highly recommend this place as the sushi is always fresh and appetizing.
4	Good sushi for date night or for family as they do have a kids menu. There is also patio seating for when it cools off a bit. Waitress was nice and attentive. We had dinner early on Saturday night and food came out in a reasonable amount of time. She got our kids meal pretty quick which is always important. Happy Hour is everyday until 7pm so was great price for what we got. We will definitely be back.
2	I have been in the restaurant twice now and the service was absolutely atrocious both times. There are really great reviews so I gave it a second chance but that was a mistake. The first time my server, an Asian lady with glasses, was very rude and kept interrupting me. It was a Friday and pretty busy and I saw her argue and be rude to not only customers, but her coworkers as well! The second time I went in I was served by a Hispanic male. He wasn't rude but he took a very long time to get to my table to take my drink and food order. The restaurant was not busy and while all the other employees seemed to be working, he just stood there. We even had a completely different server (some pregnant one, very sweet) deliver our food! About 20 minutes after my boyfriend and I were finished eating, a blonde girl finally noticed us sitting there and ran to get my check immediately. Needless to say I only saw my server once. The sushi is great but the service is unbearable. Don't go if you're in a rush.
5	Wonderful service, great food, good ambiance. $8 for perfectly grilled salmon, 8 piece spicy crab roll, edamame, veggies, and white rice for the best bento box ever! An added bonus - their beer was super cold! I'm never in this area except for getting an oil changed and it was really a great find!
3	Food was alright, service was horrid not sure if she had a problem with serving us but coming from someone who works in food business I was not impressed. We observed her being way nicer to other guests and also she acted as if anything we wanted was an inconvenience. Probably won't be returning.
4	I have been to Sushi styles a various times, where The food has been delicious, and mouthwatering. In addition, the service is great, the staff are friendly and nice. However, the negative to this is, if you order a appetizer in addition to your main entree, you have no time to eat your appetizer, your food comes within 5 mins after your appetizer is there.
3	This place is very clean compared to any other sushi place around. The prices are high and the food is average at best. If your looking for not so fresh fish check this place out.
5	I have never been to a Sushi restaurant before so for my first experience it went really well. Everyone there was very friendly and nice. Yong was our server and she made me feel comfortable and explained how everything goes and what's what. I do not like Sushi but my fiancee loves it. She enjoyed the Sushi and I enjoyed a chicken lo mien dish. We both had a blast and enjoyed the music and low lighting. It's a perfect place for date night or a girls night out!
5	This is a "regular" for us -- a couple of times per week. The 4-7 PM "happy hour" with discounted sushi is a major plus, and the lunch bento at $8.95 is huge -- take half home for dinner. And the ramen and udon bowls are also excellent.My favorite, however, is to sit far to the left at the bar and order "Omakase" from Kevin. He knows his sushi -- he orders it, processes it, rejects what isn't top quality, and then serves it with a creativity approaching fine art. Expect beautiful dishes of top quality ingredients.I recently had a whole Spanish Makerel with most of the meat served as sashimi but with the remainder deep fried. A thin layer of meat was left on the body such that, after breaking off the fins, that thin sliver tasted like bacon!On another visit, I had a Conch. This was an unusual dish, sauteed and served with one sweet and one spicey sauce to add flavor to the otherwise rather bland flesh, this was an adventuresome, and spectacularly presented dish. (I didn't take home the Conch's former shell but it was there on my plate had I chosen to do so. Souvenir anyone?)An Uni (Sea Urchin gonads) invention with some whitefish -- sorry, I don't know what kind -- wrapped around asparagus and served on a banana leaf was fabulous and extremely pleasing to the eye. The Uni was from Hawaii and very sweet with a nice taste of sea water. Not the least hint of fishiness which is all too common with inferior Uni.And last night, I was blown away by the Toro -- that's fatty tuna. At the level of quality I enjoyed, this is an extreme rarity in the United States. In appearance, it was a very light white-pink with a pure white band of fat along one edge. Served as five generous slices of sashimi, I added some of the finely sliced scallions and a little of the fresh -- not reconstituted powder -- Wasabi. But I added no soy whatsoever. The flavor was that of butter. Pure, fresh butter. But something in the aroma brought a quick impression of watermelon (the color probably played a part in that impression), and the texture was very much like that of a perfectly ripened piece of fruit. There was no taste of Tuna, whatsoever and, had I not looked at what I was eating, I would not have guessed it was fish. Truly extraordinary! At each of the five bites, I could not decide if the Toro was providing all the juice or if I was salivating like mad at each bite.If you're not sure, make your first visit during happy hour (4-7PM) and start with the discounted rolls. They are made to order so while you may have to wait a couple of extra minutes, they will be fresh. (These have not been sitting in a cooler for an hour.)Then, come back for lunch and get a bento. I get mine with either a California roll or a spicey tuna roll, either teriyaki chicken or the pork tonkatsu, and always the gyoza. Or if you feel like soup, get the ramen -- I like the pork version. (With so many choices, I've yet to sample the udon.)And then for dinner, sit at the bar and put yourself in their hands. "I'm having Omakase tonight, Kevin. What would you suggest for a starter?"Wanna bring the kids? Tell the server what kinds of foods your kids like and leave the rest to Sushi Style.Without question, this is the best sushi bar in Arizona.
5	Very fresh food and have always had great service.   Awesome lunch specials.   I come here about once per week and never been disappointed.   Highly recommend.
2	Not very good I've eaten at many sushi spots at various places throughout phoenix and this was one of the worst it's not that it's terrible tasting or that the service was bad it's just the food was not very good
5	This place is right around the corner from my house and I love it. They have great hh prices and specials and reverse hh from 8-10. The menu is simple and delicious and well worth the prices. The edamame is fantastic!
5	Sushi here is A+ ; come here during happy hour though that's when you'll get the best value for your dollar! Plus the happy hour menu is awesome.
4	California crunch, Vegas , volcano, Philly and a shrimp tempura roll. The rolls were delicious. Service was a little slow when we first arrived but our waiter made it worth our while...Thank you Alex
5	Really great little sushi find and the reverse happy hour 8-10pm was a surprise bonus! Everything we had was fresh and tasty, and we left very happy. It is in a strip mall so if you are looking for nice ambience this probably isn't your place, but if you want a solid sushi place with a large selection of tasty rolls you will probably be in sushi heaven! We have been looking for a go to sushi place with good sushi and reasonable prices and have found our little sushi spot! :) In case you can't tell, we will definitely be back!!!
4	Fantastic sushi. We had rolls from the happy hour menu and some specialty rolls. All were great. Friendly staff. Nice environment.  Would definitely recommend this sushi to anyone in North Phoenix.
3	My first sushi experience and it was the BOMB! LOVED the Climax and Las Vegas Rolls. One area of opportunity is waiters and waitresses being more attentive. For a good 20 minutes we hadn't even gotten acknowledged until we flagged a waiter down. Alex was excellent from the time I got in the place. He made the BEST Appletini ever! There was one waitress that was really rude and she almost turned me away from returning but I will give them another try in hopes that service has improved. Looking forward to returning this weekend and I will let you all know about that experience.
4	Great happy hour !!! great prices and the quality of the fish you get for this prices is very good !!! we had like  8 rolls dont really remember the name but they all were good plus miso soup which was pretty good too.their happy hour sake bomb is a great deal !!
4	This place has a great Happy Hour menu with good food and prices! The Teriyaki beef ribs are a must try, very tender. Service is always quick and friendly. We've visited with our family 3 times and will continue to come back.
1	Worst sushi I've ever had. I didn't think it was possible to have bad sushi, unless of course it caused you to become ill. But this is the first time I've had bad sushi.
5	My favorite sushi spot in town!!  Creative rolls that actually taste good!  Sushi Chef Kevin is totally willing to custom create what you want...I wanted the Alaska roll but was turned off by the imitation crab inside and asked to sub spicy tuna, he did and now it's my favorite roll, which I "invented"... I asked him to name it the "Rebecca Roll"...he's not THAT accommodating...yet!!  Maybe a few more times ordering it here and you too can eat the Rebecca roll.
5	We had a great meal and great service! Even during happy hour we were seated immediately and our order was taken quickly. Our order arrived in a timely manner and was beautifully presented. It was delicious, fresh and flavorful. We would definitely recommend Sushi Style to any of our friends!!
5	I really like coming here the food is fresh yummy and well presented. The place is clean and put together well. I recommend this place for lunch it has good specials
