4	The Skeptical Chymist, aside from having one of my favorite names of all Scottsdale bars, makes a bold claim: to be Scottsdale's ONLY Authentic Irish Restaurant and Pub. From a happy hour beer and appetizer there today, it's hard to say whether they made good on that. What I can say, though, is that the chicken tenders were on point and the happy hour special was pretty impressive. They are featuring three dollar Harp draughts right now, as well, which is nothing to shake a stick at. They showcase quite a bit of live music, and with a big crowd, the layout in here would make for a great time.A little pricey, as Irish pubs tend to be, but a good find nevertheless.
4	The Skeptical Chymist is a great North Scottsdale bar for happy hour or dinner/drinks before going out.  I went a few weeks ago with a group of friends where we did just that.  We all bellied up to the bar which probably wasnt the most ideal spot for the 12 of us but the rest of the tables were full so we made do.  The bartender was really attentive and the food came out quickly.  My friend and I split the chicken tenders which, in true Irish fashion, are extremely battered but equally delicious.  Music was probably louder than it actually needed to be, it was pretty hard to hear anything anyone was saying when the live band played, but when the playlist came on, the volume was just about right.  Fun time had by all, different, tad older crowd than I'm used to, and it was a nice change of pace.  I'd definitely go back.
3	I failed to see what was so special about this place - but I've only been there for lunch. Given how many of my friends frequently mention this place, I imagine part of the draw is the crowd at night.During the day, this place sucks. I also wasn't impressed with the food or the service. In fact, my food was pretty awful and wrong except for one item which was okay. I'm irish if that means anything... nothing about this place seemed to say "Irish Pub" to me. I wasn't even aware that's what this place was until I read the other reviews here. That could just be me being oblivious to my surroundings though. I'll probably give it another chance at some point - at night... it's just in such a shitty location. I'm not too anxious to drive that far and then drink and be stuck out there.
3	Just had lunch at the Skeptical Chemist....Typical Irish pub with dark hardwood floor, wooden tables/chairs and a very long bar. There is seating outside, on a small concrete patio. There are 2-3 smaller Tv's by the bar, and 2 larger projection tv's aimed at large canvas screen in the seating area. I know there is also live music during the week. Food is typical Irish fare. The Sheperd's Pie is served hot, tastes great, but is a little small. I have also had the beef stew which is also very good. The service today was poor, but that is the exception rather than the rule.All in all: very solid.
4	My favorite North Scottsdale drinkin' place.  You can't beat $3 Harps.I'm a huge fan of the food too!  I love the standard stuff like the Fish and chips and the Beef Stew, but the Salmon Entree is fantastic!  Make sure that if it's an option on any meal that you order that you get the Scalloped Potatoes.  They're extra yummy.Very nice, relaxed casual atmosphere.  Lots of seating space.  Huge projected screen for watching sports.  A few cute waitresses.  Yummy beer.Overall a great place to hang out and have a few drinks or dinner.  And like other people have mentioned it's an older crowd (meaning generally over 30) which is perfect for me.  :D
4	I had a great time playing trivia with the Yelp crew last night!  Not so much in the way of vegetarian-friendly cuisine (which is to be expected, since it's an Irish pub) but what I did eat was good!  The curry fries were great.  Big slabs of potato and a large cup of mango curry for dunking.  Gabi also treated us to some sweet strawberry crepes that were wonderful!  I washed it all down with a glass of Strongbow apple cider too.The trivia itself was fun.  I think it went on a little too long (two hours) but it was a well-rounded selection of questions.  Team "Go Yelp Yourself" did pretty well.  Overall, a great night out!
4	I haven't done bar trivia in a long time, so coming here with some smart Yelp folk seemed as good a time as ever to give it a go once again.The food selection was typical bar food with an extra something here and there.  I had the bar wings and a few $4 Smithwick's.   Our waitress was very attentive and split our checks at the end of the night without a gripe.  The trivia itself was pretty challenging, I think I had some useful input for maybe a few answers.  And between rounds they gave out random prizes, I got a Rubik's Cube for chugging the rest of my beer!    I might not be the smartest cookie at trivia, but when it comes to beer chugging I don't mess around!
4	I had a blast at Skeptical Chymist last night... Thanks again to the yelpers that came out for trivia - Although 'Team Yelp Yourself' didn't win any major prizes, we sure had fun!  I love the atmosphere at SC - so laid back and the staff is friendly as can be!  I wasn't sure I'd be able to find a light bite to eat (I was expecting heavy Irish bar food), but I was pleasantly surprised and I really enjoyed my house salad with salmon. I sampled the curry fries from Kelly B and dare I say they were the best I've had?!  I would go back just for those!  Delicious!  Both items went well with the Strongbow apple cider too. Thanks again, Jolene (my waitress) for your recommendations!I look forward to checking out live music at Skeptical Chymist another time soon... or perhaps returning once I brush up on my trivia knowledge.  Either way, I'll be back for sure!
4	So currently the hubby and I are in the process of buying a house. We had to drive out to North Scottsdale to sign some paperwork and since we were in the area we stopped in at The Skeptical Chymist for dinner and drinks. I found the price of food and drinks to be slightly pricey and that would be my only complaint about this place.The food however is very tasty. I ordered the fish and chips and my husband ordered the mustard crusted tenderloin stuffed with spinach. I got a bit of food envy when I tasted my husbands food. I would recommend ordering that dish.The fish and chips were decent. You get a big beer battered filet which is nicely seasoned with thick chips.Being a proud Irish lass I enjoy Irish pubs that actually play great Irish music and Skeptical Chymist does a great job. Sure you hear the cliche, popular bands like U2 and The Cranberries, but they also played The Pogues and some traditional Irish songs. The place had a great look and feel to it. They really made it look as close to a traditional Irish pub and I felt really comfortable just hanging out and drinking my Smithwicks.On this particular evening the place was pretty sparse, not many people, but I'm sure on weekends this place gets hoppin'.The fact that this place played The Pogues should warrant a five star review, but because I find the prices to be slightly high they only get four stars.I would definitley go back if I'm in the neighborhood again.
5	My pal Comer said it best when he said "Bar food is a fickle master.  Certainly, there is something to be said for simple American fare made from high quality ingredients and served hot and fresh by a friendly beer wench with a smile and a wiggle. That said, so often today, the standard menu of cheeseburgers, chicken sandwiches and cheese steaks is abused.  The cheese steaks are poor and the burgers bland.  With that in mind, one is prone to venture out to one of the higher classes of pub/grill establishements.  Skeptical Chemyst in North Scottsdale is one of these offering a bit of Irish flavor to tempt the odd fellow in search of beef and beer. I have yet to see the aged Irish ex-pat responsible for this fine eatery.  In fact, I have come to grow suspicious of the somewhat Disney appearance of the decor.  Perhaps they tried just a bit too hard.  The menu is a lively mix of Irish sounding dishes and the typical American staples.  The servers are by and large female and attractive and for the most part friendly, but I digress. The ruben, as should be expected is traditional and served with a large portion of thick cut fresh corned beef.  Possibly a little dry, I would ask for Mayo or extra dressing.  The fish and chips are served American style with smaller portions of breaded something or other or more traditionally, as large slab of half a fish in a nice beer batter breading.  The stew sounds promising but we were warned away from it by the staff.  go figure? The highlight of the menu is the Belfast Burger.  A large patty of quality ground beef cooked to order. Yes, you can get it pink and warm in the middle.  Topping this burger is the magic.  Grilled onions peppers and shrooms dripping with cheese.  A large tasty bun, and a giant onion ring.  It is truly a mouth watering delight and when served with an icey Carlburg Lager is sure to leave any Irishman worth his clover feeling sated and happy.  A second Carlburg and a Car Bomb later and you will be ready to dance a jig with the lovely little brunette behind the bar aptly named Kelly. The late night crowd is a disappointingly young group of college aged rugby wannabe's and their not so cute dates but lunch time is a pleasure and Happy Hour on the patio is a treat.  Most of the TV's are wasted showing soccer matches off the satelite dish but I suppose it adds to the flavor of this very cute, satisfying, mental vacation to Irie"
4	Fish and chips and Stella Artois all the way!  The staff is pretty much all Irish which is different and fun.  I'm guilty of always ordering the same thing when I come here, but it's always good!  This is a great place to unwind after work or go for happy hour.  There is plenty of parking, you just may need to walk a little bit... heaven forbid!  They project soccer games on a huge screen inside, so if soccer is your bag, you'll really like this place!  This will be an awesome place to spend world cup!The decor is tasteful and not over the top at all... I don't know what that Greg guy is talking about!
2	I've been here quite a few times for after work drinks with coworkers since it's just down the street from where I work. It's an ok place, but with 4 Peaks just on the other side of the parking lot we usually tend to pass on this place. We went yesterday and it was a disappointment. We got there before they started charging a cover (at 4 pm) otherwise it would have been $10 to get in. I'm guessing that this was to pay for the limited tables, chairs and one tent they rented. Also the band who was singing "Your Body is a Wonderland" and something else by Snow Patrol. Also they were charging $6 for drinks. It was just a little ridiculous. It was pretty much imposable to get drinks or food inside, which those of us who have tried their food before, weren't big fans of anyway. And to top it all off they closed Rubio's next door. A funny sight were these two ladies who brought a little girl who looked like she was 6 and 2 babies who didn't look old enough to walk. The moms' had a beer in one hand and were each pushing their stroller with the other. I know times are tough, but it you can afford buying a $6 beer, you can afford getting a babysitter.
2	Parking is atrocious.  Hard to find the first time, which is a royal pain every time you try to get friends to meet you there.  Off and on I've had a dishwasher soap like residue flavor issue with their glassware, especially when they first opened.  I know it's Scottsdale, but prices were still a little on the high side compared to nearby beer places such as Four Peaks and Oggis.  Very trendy, yuppie crowd and not an old school Irish pub at all.
3	This is a fun pub to meet up with friends for a pint - but the food isn't anything to rave about. They have great Happy Hour specials and a fun trivia night. Their big patio is a plus, too.It's kind of in a wierd location though - hard to find - and parking isn't that great.They also have a friendly staff - so I always like sitting at the bar.
5	We really enjoy this pub, especially on Tuesdays for quiz night. The food is what you would expect and the service is excellent. Being close to our home is also a plus. The interior is well thought out and a real departure once one steps through the door from the strip mall atmosphere where the pub is located. I can't believe that someone complained about the parking unless they are unable to walk 50 yards out into the GIGANTIC parking lot that serves this pub and all the other business within close proximity. The crowd is a real mixed bag which is great. One can tell this pub is owned by actual British folk (Scottish actually - even better).
3	Cider it's not just for dinner!   Strongbow on tap, didn't have other types in bottles.I have a reasonably good choice of Irish bars near my house  so my experiences here are during the lunch hour. There seems to be an almost puritan aversion to drinking  at lunch time in the US which is why I usually end up here at lunch ,with a book and a phone, alone. Sniff. This is a stealth bar and while parking is poor if you wish to park really close  the huge lot next to it has always had one available within the first five rows and it's free and it's not 1/2 a mile away. I.E., not atrocious  YMMVWithout knowing what you are looking for it's going to remain as hidden as Brigadoon, ok crossing my Celtic references but the accents in that piece of crap movie  are so bad no  one could really tell). Carolyn,my server, has a Scottish accent  so it's not that hard to confuzzle the two without looking affy silly or as glaikit as ma mither used to sae. I think  that's more than anything the point of going to  most Irish bars , the staff, because let's be honest there's a kick ass Thai, Mexican and Italian within easy reach of this place.Enough crap. How's the grub?  The curry chips  for some reason appear to be more wedge like a common fault in most of the places that serve this. The curry sauces tastes ok but it's pretty thin and doesn't sit well.  Yet I keep ordering them. I've had several of the entrees and haven't been unhappy with any of them other than the Irish breakfast which had  insultingly small pieces of black pudding.  Oops you caught me in a lie there I meant an insultingly small -PIECE- of black pudding. In short it's the best place near the Scottsdale airpark I've been in but I'm not driving over from Metro center to eat here outwith of lunch.
4	Probably one of my new fave pubs in North Scottsdale. Fibber McGee's was one of my faves in Chandler, and I just recently found out that Skeptical Chymist is the, 'sister locale'. I went on a Thursday night with my buddy, and the bartenders were really cool and easy going and they had a guy singing acoustic on a stage- whom I might add was very good and very good looking haha. But that is besides the point. The decor in the place was great, the bathrooms were clean and the the bar itself was awesome. I didn't get to eat there but the bartender made my drink, Black Velvet aka 'Dirty Pear' perfectly! (pear cider topped with Guinness) * I highly suggest you try it!!Definitely going back soon-
2	Decor: Good.  What you've expect from an Irish public house.Pours: A good pint.  Well rested and the right temp.  Always in a clean glass.Food:  Haha.  That might be the worst food I've ever had.  I'm not trying to be funny.Extras: Loud biker chick that wouldn't shut up.I'll go back for a pint of plain, but that food sucks.  The loud biker chick became more tolerable as the pints went down, but more as a point of amusement than anything else.
1	Checked out the Skeptical Chymist last night and was seriously disappointed by the food.  Had the Cod Cakes and they were unacceptable.  Basically, it tasted like someone took several scoopfuls of Shake N' Bake, mixed them with with a VERY small amount of fishy substance and baked it.  There was a decent side of mac salad but it was room temperature which makes me a little queasy.  I'll go back for drinks but I'll stay away from the "pub grub."
2	I used to be a regular here, but something in the last 8 to 12 months sucked the soul out of SC.  A good selection of late night pub food, friendly service and great atmosphere.   Last couple of times I went, the food needed some serious improvement and getting a beer at the bar I felt like I was throwing a wrench in the bartender's coital plans for the evening.Bring back the huge chicken fingers (and season them!), excellent sauces and remind the bartenders that for every bloke that has to wait 10 minutes for a pint because he's making the moves on a patron, Four Peaks is just a stone's throw away.
4	This is a solid place. The music was a little too loud when I was there last, but this is a good place to meet with friends and have a nice drink. Low key, especially for Scottsdale, down to earth place.I didn't partake of the food, but the cider I had was exactly what I needed.The place is located right near Ray's Pizza too, so that's never a bad thing.
2	Have you ever noticed how stupid people look when they dance to Irish music? Do you ever imagine that starting the night with shots of Irish whiskey will end with you placing drunken bets at the Indian casino while your boyfriend pukes in the bathroom?  Do you ever find yourself in a deserted parking lot in North Scottsdale asking strangers if there are any establishments nearby that actually have customers?  Do you ever sit on the patio and have men blow cigar smoke in your hair, thus tainting you for the rest of the night?  Do you ever have a guy try to hit on you when the music is too loud to actually talk?  So, you just end up yelling at each other and shaking your head as if you actually understood a word they said.  Then, you motion that you are going outside and he decides to dance rape the poor girl who stayed behind. Needless to say, I'm skeptical about going back.
4	A friend suggested we meet here, as it was kind of in between him and us (that is to say, 1/2 hour for us, 2 hours for him). He hadn't been before, but thought it sounded good. It is as good an Irish Pub as I would expect to find in a strip mall. Since all were driving, we didn't partake in the Irish spirits, but I have no doubt they do this well, as evidenced by the other patrons. I had the shrimp louie, which was very good. My companions seemed to enjoy their dishes (burger and fish and chips) as well. The fish and chips were huge. It wasn't very noisy, but that may have been largely due to the unusually small crowd. The service was extremely attentive. Overall, I was quite impressed and will keep this in mind for the next time we're in the area.
5	Finally I made it to the chymist for Seahawk Sunday. I was greated with 3 dollar pints and a great appitizer special. I had wings and potato skins. I got whisky BBQ and spicy wings which were both really good. The skins were good as well. I'm really happy we have a Seahawks bar here in Arizona to go to watch the games every Sunday.
5	This is a great little Irish bar. I am not a fan of Irish food so I have never eaten there but the drinks and decor are great! My husband and I actually went here on our first date and then went again after we got married and the owner made us a special drink and toasted us. What a great place!
4	For AZ standards this is an Irish Pub that made an effort in it's furnishing and I really enjoy the Apothecary look and feel.  Well done and great selection of beer on tap.
3	Having our own little St. Patrick's Day soiree planned this year, my family decided to go out and do a little  Irish research.  We headed out to The Skeptical Chemist for dinner.  We have been here 5 or 6 times for dinner, drinking and all things Irish.... but this was definitely a school night dinner.  I dug out the Entertainment Card (a girl has to make cuts somewhere) and the four of us headed over.  We arrived and settled into an open table.  It was early; we were really just interested in some Celtic grub and a quick pint.  Fish and Chips, Shepherd Pie, Potato skins and some Harp Beer Battered Chicken Tenders rounded out our order to share.  All good dishes...as always.  Add a couple of beers and we were on our way to St. Patty's Day research nirvana.  All was good.   No complaints... until.... the check arrived.Not only was it very confusing... Additions, subtractions and ?????(Remember we had our Entertainment Card, buy one dinner entree, get one free) the waitress had taken it upon herself to add an 18% gratuity without even mentioning it to us (a table of 4)  Hahahha     Bad decision on her part.   My husband ALWAYS OVERTIPS!  She screwed herself. He was pretty put out that she did that, and then did not even have the courtesy to mention it.   Anyway, if you are looking for a NoScott Irish bar,  Skep Chem could be your place for the 17th.Food, beer, ambiance are good.... Just check your check for automated tipping!  Happy Saint Patrick's Day!  In case you can't tell, I'm IRISH!
4	I love everything about this place. It's one of the best "Irish bars" in Scottsdale and the atmosphere is very cool. Sort of 19th century apothecary sort of place with a wonderful staff and great selection of beer and spirits. Of course, the drinks are great and they sure know how to pour Guinness and all it's wonderful concoctions (Black & Tan, etc.). What may surprise you is the food. Do the whole "when in Rome" thing and get some Irish fare. Their Shepherd's Pie is fantastic.
4	Went last night for the Seahawks draft party and Sounders FC game.  There was a pretty good turnout.  I ordered just an appetizer and some Blue Moon's as I was going to eat dinner later.  I got the southwest corn bruschetta and it was pretty good.  The bread was nicely toasted and the corn and black bean topping was really nice.  I can't wait for the football season to start to head back again.
4	Sundays are a good day to do, well, a whole lot of nothing.  After a successful day of avoiding anything useful or constructive, a friend and I decided to stop by for some Irish-style refreshments.  Located in what seems to be the World's Largest Strip Mall With Confusing Parking Lot, this is a very low-key enjoyable place.  It was not at all crowded on this particular afternoon, and as an added bonus, pints were Sunday bargain-priced at $3!  I tried my first ever Dirty Pear (Guinness on top of Ace Pear Cider) - dangerously good.  I wonder if it can be counted as a serving of fruit...You can't have an Irish bar without fish & chips, and theirs is pretty good - a large slab of lightly-battered fish which was more than enough for sharing, served with a stack of crisp french fries.  While I prefer thick-cut steak fries, these skinny ones were consumed with no problem whatsoever!  Thank you, Skeptical Chymist, for assisting me in my quest for non-productivity.
5	WOW. Not what I expected. I usually go to Four Peaks but decided to try something different. On a  Monday night I decided to see what other Yelpers suggested... we decided to go here. Walked in and was about to turn around. Not much patrons but what do you expect on a weeknight? Good thing we stayed because the food was the bomb diggity! Really not what I expected. We had the garlic fries and braised short rib sliders for apps. Good God... it was effin delicious! Not greasy like your typical bar food. Had the chicken with avocado burger (forgot what it was called) and jeez...effin good too! It had a distinct taste with the right amount of spice. To top it off, we had the chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream and tons of walnuts. With 2 beers (way colder than the ones Four Peaks serves & they have tons of selection) and a large glass of merlot, the bill came out to only $50 and some change. Can you imagine how much cheaper it wouldve been during happy hour?! My tummy is happy...think we might have found a new spot....
3	The only reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because it is a Seahawks bar, other that that, it sucked!My husband and I went there last night (a Saturday) with a group of friends and there was only one waitress to be seen and it is a fairly good sized bar. Now, one would think that a Seahawks bar, playing a Seahawks game on a Saturday night might have a few more waitresses, but no. First, it took forever to get the first round of drinks and then forever to get any other drinks. My drink (a raspberry vokda and soda) tasted extremely odd and I'm not quite sure how you can mess up a drink with two ingredients, but it didn't taste right. I gave up and did't order another drink.Next, my husband had the lamb skewers and according to him, they were disgusting (I am a veggie, so I didn't eat them), but they looked awful! They were fatty lamb (I hope) sausages on a stick. Gross!Finally, I did request more water, after drinking all of mine within a few minutes of arriving, and not receiving a refill. The waitress ended up pouring water into the remaining contents of my nasty drink and not into my actual water glass. I couldn't even get her attention to get a fresh glass of water. After years of serving, I actually felt bad for my waitress and didn't complain; however, I don't think i will be returning anytime soon.
3	The steak salad was pretty tasty. Small menu but a wonderful atmosphere. They even have live music on the weekends.
4	Great Shepards Pie. Make sure to put some HP Sauce on top. Goes great with a pint.
1	My husband and I decided to check out the Chymist for lunch today.  Parking lot busy - The Chymist empty..... We  seated ourselves as instructed and waited to be noticed.  The bartender/waitress finally came over and had such a bad attitude!  She was very short and snippy with her answers and not very interested in us.  My husband put down his menu and without hesitation said "let's leave"     We walked over to Wildflower Bread Company where we were greeted with smiles and wonderful food:).  Stick to the Chymist for happpy hour - where you will get half price apps and a drink for the attitude.
4	This place is the best kept secret in Scottsdale. Its not just a great bar, its not just a great place to see sports, its got GREAT food, and at a great price. Entrees are less than $15 but they are gourmet quality. The pork is excellent covered with sweet cababage and beautifully crusted. The corn beef was amazingly tender. The $3 beers on Sunday was the icing on the cake, but wait the apple/Blackberry crumb topped with vanila ice cream was a great end to a fantastic meal.
4	I go here quite a bit, especially on Sunday for the $3 drafts.  The cook here is very good but the talent only shows on some dishes.  The fries need a little work.  They are delicious but, and I don't know how this happens,  they are too fragmented.  Why do we get so many tiny pieces of French fries in the basket?  The date flatbread was an interesting idea, but I don't think it works.  In general,  I wish the flatbreads were not such a dominant part of the small plate menu.  The Reuben is the best I have had except for maybe Chompies.
5	Their Happy Hour and Sunday prices are great.  I've had a few items off their menu and have really enjoyed everything I've tried.  They pour a great Guiness and that's one of the key components of a good pub (in my opinion).  If you like pubs and work in North Scottsdale then try it for HH sometime.
1	Food Was good.... Service was horrible.Got into the pub about 6:50pm and was excited to see the happy hour specials... 50% all appetizers 4-7pm. WELL, you had better make sure that your waitress, or in my case the bartender enter in your complete order prior to 7pm or you will not get any discount... I ordered my drink at 6:58 according to the computer and my appetizer order was not for an additional 3 minutes... Yes, that is right 7:01pm and I did not qualify for the happy hour price.Are you kidding me? it took the bartender 8 minutes to get to me, and there were only 8 people at the bar... I honestly do not know if I will go back just on principal.... And this being a Seahawks bar... and I am a Seahawks fan... It just goes to show that customer service has really become a thing of the past.CW
5	AMAZING & FUN atmosphere.Not only do they serve one of my favorite beers(Strongbow) but the food is truly delicious.We originally stopped in for some live music, and found that not only did we love the music, the decor, the drinks and the food but the people are also fantastic! Love this place -everyone should definitely try the curry, oh and the fish and chips with malt vinegar. Dont forget to stop in on a day they have live music!
3	A beautiful Irish pub, not the best location. It is pretty hidden in a strip mall in north Scottsdale. I had a Magner's Irish Cider and the Fish & Chips. The fish and chips were good, but not great. Our server was a friendly gal & there was an Irish lad working behind the bar which really added to the nice Irish pub ambiance. We came in for lunch on a quiet afternoon. I would like to return on a more lively night and review it again then!
4	Great Happy Hour! I have been to the all day happy hour on Sundays and they have great deals including all the craft beers too! Only downfall is its a seahawk support  bar so if you are a fan of any other team it is hard to sit to watch any other game but great service! great food! and a great beer selection!
4	Pretty cool place - decent HH. Smirnoff Shakers for $3 and good portion appetizers for 1/2 off. I got the cod sliders and this was a good amount of food! The fish was really tasty, not some bland piece of frozen fish sticks! I'd totally go back next time I'm in town.
5	The most to-die-for fish and chips I've ever had and I've had a lot in my 30 years..
5	Great Irish bar! Great authentic food (I attribute any poor review to the fact that authentic Irish food doesn't taste like American dishes...who knew?), but they have typical bar food as well. Excellent place to watch sports (it is a WA bar, so Seahawks and Huskies will be featured) with an excellent selection of beers, Irish whiskey, and Scotch.
4	I'm not from Scottsdale but was visiting and wanted to go to a bar with friends where we could hang out for a bit.  We looked up bars on yelp [naturally] and came across Skeptical Chymist.  We had a blast!  The bar staff was really friendly and the drinks were inexpensive.  Technically, I guess this is an "irish pub" but I would categorize it as better than a typical one - I mean, they played wilco and the shins, people.  The drinks were poured extremely well (my gin and tonics were perfectly mixed) and there seemed to be regulars enjoying the evening.
2	waitstaff very inattentive.The table next to us asked 3 different employees to take their drink/food order and each one said 'it wasn't their area' but they'd get someone right away. We wanted to order more drinks and the waitress was never around to flag her down & she didn't check back with us until she brought the check.Food was fine, but not much in the way of Irish pub food.The atmosphere is terrific!. There r other Irish pubs in the area that are MUCH better. Check them out before u trying this place
3	Yes, it's an "Irish" bar but not a bad one. The beer selection is adequate, the ambiance is pubby and the food is passable. I had the "spicy" chicken curry and have to say that I have never had a more bland "curry" in my life. Here's a suggestion, put some curry powder in it!Over all it's a nice enough place to hang out but I only go because it's close to my office, I certainly wouldn't make it a point to come here otherwise.
5	Still love love love this place!!!! Great bartenders with their cool Irish accents and exceptional service. This place is so chill and just a great place to be to grab a nice cold beer while listening to a live band or watching a game. We come here about 2-3x a week...yea  I sound like an alcoholic... but can't help but come back for the good grub & beer. If you haven't tried this place, seriously ...go grab yourself a drink with a side of chicken tenders...you won't regret it.
4	large pub...holds 150+ people, great atmosphere. Went there for happy hour at 4PM had about 30 people already there (seemed popular)...and because of the yelp posts.
1	Worst experience ever!  We came here for lunch on St Patrick's Day & had the "unluck" of the Irish by having a clueless server. It took 58 MINUTES for our food to arrive!  Given they were very busy, she should have known after 30 minutes that something was wrong!  We tried to be very patient and waited and waited and waited.  The table next to us were vacated and the next group came in and got their food while we were still being patient and was waiting for our food.  Then the table to the other side of us was once again vacated and two men sat down.  At this time, I decided to check my iPhone as I had checked into Yelp right after we placed our order and noticed that it had been more than 40 minutes since!Meanwhile, I was starting to really get hungry and started to get clammy, shaky and started sweating.  I grabbed our server and told her that I wasn't feeling too good because I was too hungry, my sugar level was really low and asked for orange juice or a piece of bread.  She came back with a side order of fries to "tide" us over as the kitchen was still working on our order.  One of us told her to check and see that maybe our order was misplaced in the pipeline... She said that she was really trying and that the kitchen was just too busy.  This was hard to fathom as the restaurant had a set menu of about 5 items!Suddenly the table with the two men got served!  They ordered fish and chips and started eating and still no food for our table!  We had ordered two orders of fish and chips and 3 salads.  How long does it take to prepare this?????????We once again asked the waitress where our food was and asked her how the the two men got served before us when they came way after we did... Same answer.Anyways, the food finally came and we were starving, we ate, she brought us the bill, no apologies, no remorse, etc... We paid the bill in full, even gave her a 20% tip.I would be very SKEPTICAL about the SKEPTICAL CHYMIST!!!!
4	Cute little Irish pub tucked away in a what seems like a never-ending strip mall.I've stopped in here twice for lunch after meeting with clients and both times the place has been pretty empty, but I'd definitely be down to check it out for happy hour or on a weekend to see what it's like.The service was good, though a little slow -- not to the point where it was deemed worthy to complain, but just enough to keep checking the watch to see how much time was left before I had to move on with my day.Several beers on draft (though not my thing, my coworkers seemed to like that), the flat bread pizza-type plates seemed to be a hit and my steak salad hit the spot.
2	Typical (poor quality) bar food. Stick to stuff which comes out the tap. I don't mean water. Great party spot for green day.--super friendly staff, always helpful and accommodating--great alternative to four peaks, across the parking lot--big-screen prominently featured for great event viewing--soda bread filling and yummy--irish breakfast all-day, pig fodder. Come with snout and knee pads if you want it. Better served in trough from a tin pail. --over easy eggs served over DEAD, crispy brown, yolk as if hard boiled--sausage dry, days old reheated reheated reheated. Yeah you know how it goes.--black and white potatoes dry lumps--new flatbreads interesting but with a kitchen making so many mistakes, you might get charcoal.--patio seating without noise cancellation phones and individual wireless mics makes conversation impossible against the roar of frontage, 30 feet away.
4	Really cool irish pub that I never would have found out about if it wasn't for my friends who frequent it. (It's in the corner of a strip mall extending from pima to flw near the wendys in case you can't find it) We came on a wednesday night, relatively late, so there were only appetizers being served (1/2 off) and 1/2 priced drafts (any) and wines. Pretty sweet deal. The bar wasn't too crowded, but there were some groups there watching games on tv, so I could imagine on busier nights it could get really loud/rowdy. Tuesday nights we saw were pub trivia nights, seems like each night has a special which is nice. The server was super nice and very accomodating. I'll definitely come back, maybe on a weekend to see how the crowd is then. The food is really good for bar food too, and not to pricey, especially when it's half off =)
4	I really really really want to give it five stars. And it's really bothering me that I didn't, but I feel something is missing here. I mean the food is good, try the Rasher burger and fish and chips, the drinks are cool, 3 dollar Carlsbergs, but something is seriously missing.....? The atmosphere is nice and "pubby" and even my server the last couple times had an Irish accent, but why don't I feel right when I leave? The prices don't knockout the wallet, and the speed of service is relatively impressive...Ok, it's defintely worth stopping in and grabbing a burger or fish and chips, and a couple guiness', and if you feel the same way I do, let me know why, because I sure don't?????? Maybe it's the.......
1	First impressions are always the most critical, and my first experience with this place was a bad one.  A group of friends and I came into the place and sat down at a table.  There was about 5 people at the bar and a female bartender.  After waiting 15 minutes with absolutely no one helping us, I came to the realization that the seating area was probably closed but the bartender who looked at us at least 5 times failed to mention that, or even acknowledge that we were there at all. Not even a "hey guys, the dining area is closed, I can help you up here at the bar."  She just watched us sit there twiddling our thumbs.  There wasn't room for all of us at the bar either as we had about 7-8 people in our party.  We were maybe 20ft from the bartender and in crystal clear view to her.  As we got up and left because of not being served, she didn't even say anything as we headed to the door. Absolutely poor service from her!  Maybe one day I'll go back and if they impress me, I will certainly change my rating of this place.  The owner contacted me and apologized, but couldn't you throw me some coupons or half off my order or something to attract me back?  I mean the service was an actual joke, I WANTED to spend money in your establishment but your workers didn't want to take it.  Now to find out its a Seahag bar??....That's all this state needs is another bar full of bandwagon fans that don't support the local teams.
4	Great food in a good atmosphere with a great selection of beers.
1	Our first time at this pub. Food was greasy and poor quality. Best of all they LOST my CREDIT CARD! I was told by the owner not to worry and go home and they will find it . Yeah a CRIMINAL will find it ( I canceled it) Called owner next day and mention it was my first time and I was disappointed they lost my credit card. Today he said " Well there is nothing I can do if I loose your business". I did not even mention that. Poor customer service by owner. I suggested he get a table side scanner so they do not do this in the future. Shocker!- he said he had another persons credit card from last night.
1	Well the owner e mailed me and stated he looked for my credit card for 10 minutes, what else did he want me to do. UNACCEPTABLE response. Looking for a credit card for 10 minutes is hardly an effort. My friend who is a VP of an national restaurant corporation could not believe these were his actions. Oh well.. Positive aspect: nice atmosphere and good beer.
4	Cool hidden spot in North Scottsdale right next to the 101 tucked in a small shopping plaza.  Love the dark feel on hot, sunny days.  Cold beer and great service.  Lots of tvs and perfect place to watch sports.  Also, the relatively new menu and happy hour items are a huge improvement.  Really enjoy the mussels and potato skins.  Definitely worth a stop if you are nearby.
2	My wife and I ate here Sat., July 9th. I ordered the special, corned beef and cabbage. The cabbage was somewhat undercooked, almost raw.My wife ordered a rum and coke. When we got the bill, we were charged for premium rum which we did not order. An 18% tip was added to the bill. The waitress was worth about 10% based on service.We won't be back, but will inform others to be aware of what we found.The place is dirty, with dust on furniture and decor.
4	This place reminded us of our trip to Ireland recently! The atmosphere (minus the big screen TVs) was very much like Irish restaurants/pubs. The food was very good as well, and the service was very quick. We'd definitely return!
2	Stopped in here for a Friday happy hour with co-workers. The beer was decently priced for happy hour. The appetizers were decently priced, which would be awesome if they were good.The chicken strips were terrible. I have never eaten something so greasy and yet dry all at once. They are beer battered (like fish) which could be good, but the execution on this was terrible. The outside was really greasy which took away all of the crispy goodness that usually happens when things are battered and deep fried. The chicken itself was dry as a bone. We also got an order of fries that came out cold and were just below mediocre.The place was really warm, which could be attributed to the summer heat, but we were sitting inside, so there is a fair assumption that air conditioning would be involved.I'll pass next time my coworkers are planning a trip here. I'd be better off eating at McDonald's.
2	First time in we went for late lunch on Friday.  The place was really quiet, only a few other tables occupied.  We tried the fish & chips.  Pretty good but way too greasy for my taste, my partner thought otherwise and devoured.  Also served with cole slaw.  Portion are huge.  Food offerings tend to be heavy and calorie-laden.  But hey, this is an Irish pub and from that perspective, I think they've got it right.Impressed me as a great place to Go Irish and if you're looking for some night time bar action, could probably work well.  For me - for lunch - not so much.
4	An excellent little Irish pub with good beer and authentic food. Ive had the fish and chips a few times and its always excellent. Had the shepherds pie today and was inspired to write a good review. Attentive service and "football" on the big screen..a solid experience.
5	This is my most favorite Irish Bar in all of Phoenix! The food and the staff are fantastic and the patio is great. The Chymist is my spot to watch all the football (soccer) matches as well. :)
4	Big fan of the Belfast burger, especially on Mondays when it's a mere $5. Great beer list and good service.Never been here for live music or Seahawks games, but it's a nice atmosphere anyway.
5	Come in often for a couple pints and to watch soccer.  Staff is friendly.  Rasher burger is good, as are fries and wings.  Heard good things about the muscles as well.Very accommodating owner and manager.
4	Very pleasantly surprised! We had driven by many, many times wondering what exactly could fit in that little corner of a strip mall. Turns out a lot! A great little Irish Pub with some great food and drink offerings.My husband loved the corned beef and cabbage, I enjoyed my fish and chips only complaint is that the chips were french fries....fish and chips need chunky fries! It is a tradition. The side of coleslaw though was delicious.The VERY best part was dessert. Can highly recommend the Bailey's Irish Cream Bread & Butter pudding with custard. Speaks for itself really.The atmosphere was nice and the staff were wonderful!
4	How nice to be instantly transported from a run of the mill shopping area into an old school Irish pub. The Syeptical Chymist has a decent array of beers and whiskeys but they do not carry Kilkenny (my favorite).Pros:Great happy hour specials. The appetizers are really very tasty. My favorites are the beef sliders, garlic fries (I know not very Irish huh?), and mussels. The Shepperd's Pie is served traditionally with lamb mince rather than the other local pubs who use ground beef. Also, the Irish breakfast is the best in town. Additionally, the staff is EXTREMELY friendly and helpful.Cons:The owners must be from Washington state because there is Seahawk and Cougar paraphernalia everywhere. Isn't there a bar in town that plays Charger games?? At any rate, it gets loud during game time, but no big...It's an Irish pub right?Definitely recommended!!!!
2	I don't know what it is about this place, maybe it's the location, maybe it's the crowd, but there's just no vibe here. The ambiance is cool, the little patio is nice. But I'm just not "feelin it" when I come here. The food is good, the drink prices are not that great. I give this place a shrug and a "meh" rating. Basically it's alright I guess.
4	I went here with a group of co-workers Monday evening after work. I was suprised to see how tucked back and hidden SC is in the strip mall area it's situated in (if in a different location this place could have great potential). Once inside, it was completely empty (which I couldn't believe, especially for a big Monday night football game, plus it seemed like a cool Irish pub). They had awesome happy hour specials ($5 burgers w/ fries), which made me want to come back again and try new things out. I went ahead with the lamb shepard's pie which was great, and everyone else enjoyed their meals as well. Overall a great experience...I'll be back for more!
4	Seahawks bar in AZ!!! Awesome!! Ok the beer specials during the games was a great deal with $3 anything beers, pretty cute waitstaff ( I wish I remembered my waitresses name but she was very sweet and looked like she was 16 but very nice and quick with drinks especially since we had like 20 people in my group, I love places where waitresses can keep up with a ton of tabs and not complain)Overall very good, I only had scalloped potatoes since I was not feeling well but everyone said the food was good. The TV setup was strong and great views and audio. I don't give out a lot of 5 stars but when I come next time I will try the food for sure and keep up the great service.
4	Appetizers were great and at Happy Hour prices, hard to beat! Drinks are cheap too! Josh was good at getting our group of 15 seated together! The only reason they did not get 5 stars as the waitress seemed a little scattered.... Asking for napkins or extra lemons for the water seemed a stress to her......    I always wonder if the gratituity being included on lard
4	I was told about this place as the unofficial home for the Seahawks (aka as the SeaChickens) in this area.  Seattle was playing a Thursday night game, so a group of fans and I decided to go there and give it a go. It is a Irish style pub tucked into a corner in a strip mall.  Although I had been in the mall a number of times visiting Golfsmiths, Best Buy, and Northern Lights, I had no inkling this place was even there. We got there early, jut in time for Happy Hour, and it was great. Half price off of all appetizers and flatbreads, and $2.00 off all beers and wine. In addition, they have great daily specials.It has quite a gathering for Seahawk games, and it can be pretty noisy and wild during the games.  However, I did return on a Monday night to try their $5.00 hamburger (a great bargain), and although it was busy, it was a very friendly and easy going atmosphere.With their daily specials, great happy hour, and friendly atmosphere, this could become one of my favorite places.
3	Food was good. We loved the crab cake appetizer.  We had the shepards pie and the fried fish which were both great. The service, however, was not great. My pet peeves, after taking any order, check back before food comes out.  Generally the person needs another drink - and if it's alcohol then it's money for the restaurant.  Also, there was a neighboring table that sat with dirty dishes for at least 20 minutes.  Mind you, they were NOT busy - I'd hate to see what the service is like when they are.
4	I've been here a few times and always seem to have a good time. The beer is cold and they have drink specials all the time. Their servers are friendly and hustle for you. The outdoor patio can be somewhat smokey so sit as far away from the patio if the smoke bothers you.There is a guy that sings and plays the guitar in the evening. There's some floor to ceiling TV's so you can see all the sporting events.I think their burgers are below Meh, eventhough they are $5 on Monday night. The flat bread for 1/2 price off on Wednesday is a GREAT deal. Their chicken fingers are tasty as well.  I have had their Tortilla Soup which was good but not great. My favorite dish so far is the Fish & Chips (fries). This dish is $14 for dinner and $9 for lunch. The fish is fried in a batter and is delicious. This is their signature dish; so you should definitely order the Fish.Since this is a Seahawks bar, I guess they won't allow any Bears fans in the pub this Sunday. Other than being Seahawks fans, these guys are OK.
3	trying to see the menu as it has been a long time since I was there.  No Menu on the website?  How can that be?  Update please.Staff quickly took care of the "down" menu!.  Looks good.  I will go by and try you again.  Thanks for the quick action
4	Our party of four had dinner here, three of us ordered burgers, one got the steak special. Three out of four really liked the food, so I guess that's 75 percent customer satisfaction. The place was packed (there was a group watching a college football game--extremely loud) and the service was slow and forgetful, we had to ask more than once for things. I'd go back, although I doubt that one of our companions would ever do so--his burger was way overcooked, he had to ask for ketchup repeatedly and finally just got up and swiped it from another table. But the oddest thing was when he asked for mayo, the server looked at him like he was crazy and like she'd never heard of such a thing. The men were happy with their beers (one ordered a Black & Tan) and the women w/their drinks. We got dessert to go, it was very good (bread pudding and a brownie) the next day.
4	A great little Irish beer with fabulous pub food and awesome drinks!! Quite an extensive selection of whiskeys and import beers alone! I`m usually not a big beer drinker but I did try a dirty black and tan ( half Guinness and half Irish cider), hello delicious!! I have been here three times so far to indulge with my friends, group trivia, and its always a great time!! Superb and friendly staff! Plus the gal who reads out the trivia questions has quite a thick Irish brogue, quite enjoyable! Great atmosphere!
4	The Middleton is always expensive but dam its good.  This is a great place to go for good music, great fish sandwiches and amazing bread pudding.  (make sure you ask them for a piece from the middle of the pan and extra sauce as these are the best pieces- very moist and delicious)  They often have live entertainment.  The patrons are very nice most of them professionals of some sort and the bartenders are great.  I like the atmosphere but whoever picked this location should have their head examined.  Its hard to find and the parking which is a small inconvenience for me is most likely a big deal for others who don't like to walk or stagger long distances.  Still highly recommended for a great Irish experience.
4	This is my favorite bar for happy hour in North Scottsdale.  Beats out 4 Peaks by a nose.  High quality bar food is the main draw.  Great service as well.  Easy parking and location near so many jobs is probably why its so popular.Sundays during football season Seahawk fans gather there which is good for me.Love to roll in there, order up crab cakes and nurse a couple beers while chatting with coworkers or relaxing while waiting for traffic to die down.Its an upbeat and happy place!
5	Awesome place to come and watch the game. The food is REALLY good too. Went here with my some family and Jillian was our server and she was great! People like that can really light up a place. I have yet to take my boyfriend here and his office is so close, I can't wait to show him this great find! :)
3	Ok, so here's the skinny on Skeptical Chymist.  I work near this hidden gem, and also attend weekly trivia, so I've experience both day and night outings on a regular basis here.The service is something to be desired.  There always seems to be an ever changing staff of waitresses, one after the next seem indifferent to prompt service after the intial, "What'd you like for drink?"  Don't get me wrong, there are a few waiters/waitresses that have been there for a while and they're awesome...but there's more than a handful that need to either shape up or shove off.The food - there's pretty much nothing bad on the menu here.  Mussels - AMAZING, and the broth is even tastier than the mussels themselves!  Rasher burger - I'd get it every time if my doctor allowed me to.  Flatbreads - not too much here, if you're hungry, don't waste your money on these.  Steak salad - my personal favorite, though after they recently raised the prices, it's a little hard to stomach a $14 salad.Also, don't get soda or mixed drinks here...it tastes funky and the owners know about it.  They've been "working on it" for nearly three years now.
4	Our first time dining here and we will return again.  Our waitress, Danielle, greeted us cheerfully, brought drinks, took our order and followed up with just the right amount of attentiveness.  We ordered the flat bread 1/2 off Wednesday specials.  I had the BBQ topping minus the onions.  The sauce might have been a bit more tasty but the flat bread was really good.  The lunch time crowd was modest but everyone seemed to be served with a smile and the food came out in a reasonable time period.The decor is quite interesting and is a nice change from the often sterile atmosphere of many a grill.  Give the place a try.
4	I wish I lived a little closer to Skeptical Chemist.  I would eat here more often.  The food is good, the staff are friendly, the ambience is one of a fine irish pub.   All the food I have had has been very good.
4	This establishment has become our neighborhood favorite simply because of one reason:  the exceptional food. Everything that we've ordered, from the yummy shepherd's pie (with LAMB) to the spiced-how-you-would-like-it chicken curry to the savory mussels in broth have been consistently strong. Flavors are complex and well-developed.Our only complaint is the service; it is very inconsistent. We don't expect or desire it to be overly attentive, but the majority of time we go there, we feel pretty ignored. Maybe it's just us, but I suspect not! Luckily, the food will keep us coming back for more.
5	We tried this a 2nd time.  The food was awesome - we had the crab cakes, shepard's pie and hamburgers.  And the waitress was very attentive (much better than last time).  This is a great neighborhood hangout.
5	we are huge fans of this totally awesome place i like to call home... but even bigger fans of our waitress
1	Thank you, Skeptical Chymist of Scottsdale, for ruining our wedding reception. I've been in the service industry for long enough to know that this was a disaster. The food was fine, the waitress we had was great, but the GM was a terror. He has been ambiguous about the event details the entire time I've been planning. I had given him a card number for payment months in advance. He did not run the card, even after I asked him about not running the card. Contrary to the contract I signed, I was charged for the entire amount of the bill all at once. My debit card said 'oh hell no' to the massive charge and when we tried to work out something with the GM we were yelled at and basically held hostage under threat of prosecution until we could get my Dad to come bail us out. Our poor server was so upset, my Dad said she was in tears over it. What should have been a special day for us was a nightmare.
5	This place is a gem!  This was my 3rd time here, first time for lunch.  The food and service was spectacular!!! The fish and chips, the best I've ever had, including some places in London!! The Blackened Chicken Sandwich on TOASTED chibatta, done perfectly.  They also have amazing happy hour specials from 4-7 and I recommend the crab cakes.  This place is all around perfect, I just wish I would have found it sooner.  They also do a recurring Tuesday night trivia night, which packs the place and is great entertainment. Top notch all around!
5	This is my favorite place for happy hour (4-7 pm everyday) in North Scottsdale. The service is always excellent, obviously management knows how to hire servers. I believe all the apps are $5.The food is outstanding whether you're eating from the happy hour menu or the regular menu. Three Lamb Skewers are placed on top of a salad. Dip the lamb into the cilantro yoghurt and you will be very happy. The salad is topped off with a few tiny nuts and the house salad dressing really adds to the flavor of the salad. This $5 happy hour appetizer would be a dinner for most of you ladies out there. The four mouth watering Braised Rib Sliders are accompanied by horse radish cream, BBQ Sauce, onion strings and swiss cheese. Let's not forget the 2 crab cakes that are actually made of real crab. The crab cake appetizer makes my wife very happy if you know what I mean. Did I mentioned that the chicken tenders with honey mustard are an excellent choice as well. Or how about the Flat Bread? They have many different types of flat bread. All of the flat breads are tasty.The only drawback is that sometimes the smoke from the patio over powers the dinning room. They have live music after happy hour. Did I mention that the beer is cold? I love the Skeptical Chymist because it consistently delivers on the quality of food, drinks, entertainment and service.
4	I have only been here for two things. BAR TRIVIAAAA and Happy Hour! BOTH ARE GREAT let me tell you. The last time my team (a group of my friends) played bar trivia we got second place and I got to keep our prize, a Skeptical Chymist gift card. Which I definitely used. Let me tell you, Four Peaks is literally next door, BUT during happy hour this place is a great spot for beer and some cheap food. The flatbreads are all half off on happy hour and they are great. I got one with chicken and red peppers etc. We also tried the half off cod sliders. Those were pretty good, tasted crispy etc. The tartar sauce was okay, and the bun was a little sweet, but hey, I am not gonna complain. The girls also enjoy cocktails on happy hour, one personal fave I have now is a 'snakebite' its half hefe and half cider. This is also on their happy hour for a mere $3 per beer! HOLLER.Anyway, good beer, good food, I also like the out door tables. Although the face the freeway, whatever. On a hot day, the shade and the misters are what is good. Plus I like the wind blowing in my face from the cars whizzing by. Just kidding. Its not like that. But definitely check this place out for a casual happy hour. There is smoking on the patio, I believe. Not my thing especially when I am sitting out there, but hey if it suits you, there ya go.
4	Came here on a Saturday night and the band was really good! I wish I found out the name of the band because the lead singer had a really great voice! My husband and I came here with 4 other friends whom we've known since college and were trying to catch up on each other's lives over a few beers and food. Maybe it wasn't the brightest idea to choose some place with a live band and drunk people to catch up, since it was hard to hear each other talk, but oh well, we had a great time anyway. I suggest getting the short rib flat bread. It really made an impression on us, so we would definitely order it again. I think we also ordered the bacon onion jalepeno, which was pretty good. I ate the corned beef and cabbage for my entree, which I cannot make an impartial judgement about, simply because I love corned beef and cabbage and I loved it here. Our waiter was super friendly and had so much to talk about to, so he was very entertaining. I ordered Guinness with my meal, so unfortunately I didn't try some of the other beers. That will be my goal the next time we go back, because I guarantee that we will be back there, hopefully for happy hour next time!
4	This is a really difficult review for me to write. I've eaten here on two previous occasions. I love the decor.  The staff is friendly. The Shepard's Pie is extraordinarily good.On today's visit I asked why Bangers and Mash is not on the menu.  The waitress said that while it is not on the menu it is available and I could order it.  I did so. Mistake.I've lived in Britain, home of bangers and mash.  I've eaten many a banger. Bangers are a plump  sausage, typically made with a particular type of breadcrumbs called 'rusk' and they have a very distinctive flavor.  Go to Wikipedia, search for "bangers and mash" to see a typical photo.The bangers on my plate today looked NOTHING like bangers.  Small, scrawny things that tasted rather like frankfurter. they were also a reddish color of frankfurter rather than the rich dark brown that a banger should be.If you go to Skeptical Chymist I heartily recommend the Shepard's Pie.  Skip the Bangers and Mash however.
4	I have been here a few times and never been disappointed.  Most recently I came with a co-worker for Happy Hour and was over the moon with my food and the price! The flatbread is huge and delicious.  I want to try the sliders next time. Keep in mind HH is 3-6, and I highly recommend it!!!
4	Really liked this place.  It's a big place, with plenty of outdoor seating as well.  I love the Irish pub feel, although the outdoor pub facade in a strip mall was kind of weird.  Old pub feel inside, with some decent happy hour and reverse happy hour specials, good food, and good beer on tap.  Plus I live right around the corner.  Will definitely be back!
4	Nice atmosphere that was neither too bright nor too dark. Prompt sevice. Come for the happy hour appetizer specials. Tasty mussels in a very nice broth for only $5!
4	This is a solid pub. The atmosphere was nice and service was good. The best part is their great happy hour and specials. Happy hour is 4-7pm daily. Half off appetizers and $2 off beer and wine. the mussels were pretty big and very tasty. We also ordered the jalapeno onion flatbread which was a little soggy but had good flavor. I would go back here again for sure!
2	I really, really, really want to love this place.  However, the service is so sketchy I am leary of going.  I would say every other time we have a decent server.  And there is no "authority" figure visible.  We recommend this place all the time. However, I may have to pre-empt the warning with "it's great food, but don't expect great service."
4	The Fig Flat Bread with balsamic vinegar reduction is UNIQUE and tastes AMAZING!  The beers on tap are good; I prefer the Konig Weiss.  This is a great place to watch any Euro-sport.  The Happy Hour is not bad!  They have live music on the weekends, many times it is an Irish style band.  It is actually very much so like an Irish pub, meaning it is not full of green shamrocks and leprechauns, but wooden interior with good beer and European sports memorabilia (Rugby, Soccer etc)...You would actually never expect it to look the way it does inside considering it is drowning in an enormous strip mall.  The only reason it gets 4 and not 5 stars is the service can be hit or miss, and the patio is always smokey and the draft blows it inside the bar window/shutter, so many times I have felt like I was suffocating from cigarette smoke.
4	Really great atmosphere for a strip mall Irish pub in North Scottsdale!  The happy hour is a great deal too - 4-7pm each day for $2 off draft beers...$3.25 for a pint of cider makes me very happy!
4	I do love this place... good grub, great atmosphere - and they have a Seattle Seahawk's following!  This is a place I use to go to with co-workers where we could use the wifi and work late afternoons while enjoying a Harp.  Now, that my job has changed, we go for Seahawk games or anytime we're in the area.  Always delivers a good pour.
4	Really cool Irish pub camouflaged in the corner of a strip mall in NoSco....it's owned by the same guys who own Tim Finnegans and shares the same menu and pricing. Very good value proposition for Happy Hour, 1/2 price appetizers, beer specials. Appetizers are great, especially the short rib sliders, PEI mussels and lamb skeweres. Carlburg draft is always 3 bucks a pint, can't beat that anywhere! Service can be hit or miss unless you sit at the bar (which I prefer to do if I arrive as happy hour is ticking down), but servers are generally pleasant. Nice smoking patio with outdoor tv for the cigar smoking sports fans. Value proposition: 5 starsFood/drinks: 4 starsService 3.5 stars.
4	The Chymist is one of the more compelling Irish bars to visit in the Valley. The decor is spot on and unique, with its apothecary goo-gaws everywhere one's eyes land. It's location is challenging, being high congestion area and wedged in a kind of cul de sac of a shopping center. But that doesn't necessarily diminish its appeal. Happy hour is the time to visit, with half off all appetizers & flat breads and 2 bucks off all wine and beer. We were served promptly on a Tuesday with the bar maybe one-third capacity. We got a couple of Dirty Apples -- half each Guinness and cider, some know this as a snakebite.The menu had a lot more seemingly authentic traditional dishes than in other Valley pubs, but a decidedly not-Irish Beef Sliders dish seemed to be one of the most popular orders as I saw tray after tray walk by. I never lived in the British Isles, so I'll just say I was impressed by the variety.My bowl of PEI Mussels was only five dollars at happy hour. The single-sized tureen had probably 20 or so plump shells in a salty, bacony, and very peppery broth. So peppery, I choked and sneezed through the last half, but couldn't resist spooning out as much of the leeks and bacon that I could get hold of. What is PEI? I found out this means "Prince Edward Island", a desirable cultivar. We shared a basket of crunchy, thin cut garlic fries, with a cup of leek vegetable stew. Everything was heavily salted and seasoned, which was okay by me.Great for an after work stop, or maybe check out the live bands or trivia nights if that's your thing.
3	I took my family to Skeptical Chymist to meet with some friends from work.  We definitely enjoyed the food a lot - it tastes fresh and made-from-scratch.  They definitely carry a lot of Irish beers and ales, which my friends tried and enjoyed.  I had a hamburger - which tasted great.  My family all had the Southwest Chicken Burger - and they all loved it - they said the chicken tasted like it was cooked on a grill.  I would suggest the owners add some acoustic panels in the ceiling as the noise level was nearly deafening.  Next time I am going to try the corned beef and cabbage - it looked delicious!
4	Irish Pubs are one of my favorite things. I met a friend for drinks at a nearby bar a couple of weeks ago. He said he wanted to check the Skeptical Chymist on the way out because a couple of night prior he went to Rubio's and the parking lot was full with people going to the pub. Our visit early Sunday afternoon and it was nearly empty. Walking in, I was pleased to see how spacious it is. Lots of room inside plus patio seating. We sat at a high-top table - a large beer barrel with a thick wooden top. I absolutely love the table. It is the perfect height. I learned on my next visit the wood comes from the Washington/Canadian border and is screen printed there. Most of these read Guinness. A good selection of beer on tap - and none of it is Bud Light, Miller Lite, Corona. Of course they have Guinness. I started with a Newcastle and later discovered the Firestone Walker Velvet Merlin. Wednesday evenings are another good night. It was busier than Sunday. The special during happy hour is half off appetizers and flatbreads and $2 off all pints. I wanted to try some new things yesterday, although I started off with the Velvet Merlin. I tried the Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA, a Wider Brothers Marionberry hibiscus gose, a Deschutes black butte porte, and a Grimbergen Dubbel all draught pints. Add an order of cod sliders (4) and I got out of there on $22. The server was very friendly and stopped by frequently to see how we were doing. She split the check up between the two of us without issue and the orders were accurate. I like the feel of this place, the specials, and the large selection of beers. Right now this is my favorite spot, even though it is far from where I live.
4	Sorry the flat bread is a date, not fig flat bread!   it is AWESOME!  Sorry about the typo in my previous review!
5	The few times I have been here have been some of the best times I've had since moving to Phoenix! The atmosphere is 'let us get our drink on!' but not in a fraternity, 'club like', obnoxious way. I love the dark wood and all the different kinds of seating they offer. The outside area is a great place to catch some fresh air or to grab a smoke. Happy hour offers super yummy food at great prices! I have also ordered off the regular menu and loved, loved, loved the Skeptical Chymist salad! All the food I have eaten here is awesome!I've only ever sat at the bar and the service was great! And it's sooooo lovely when the employees remember who you are! Bobby and Jen are awesome and so much fun. You could tell that they made sure everyone at the bar was well taken care of having a great time. They made sure to engage with us and make us laugh, it makes for an experience you want to return to! I HATE going to bars where the bartenders are robots and don't care about the experience you are having and the only conversation you have is taking your order. So. Lame. Needless to say I will be returning and look forward to more kick ass times here.
5	great selection of beers on tap!  I am pleased to go into a place that offers a different selection from the normal sports bar, yet still has plenty of the old stand byes!  food is great, happy hour is awesome! I love the daily specials, which encourage me to try something new at a reasonable price as well!  service is rock star super awesome and amazing as well! i usually end up in Joey's section and also had the pleasure of  being served by Kyle this evening.. both are super helpful in helping me decide on a delicious beer and always there with a smile or anything i need!  this is one place id be proud to be a regular at!
3	Decent pub with a decent vibe, as long as you can find it buried in the corner of a strip mall. Any craic during the week must end by 10 and they look to close up as soon after that as possible. This sounds like a bad review, but really the place is pretty nice. They can't help that they set up shop in scottsdull. They had a pub quiz on Tuesday and a singer/guitarist on Wednesday, so they are, at least, creative. On the plus side, they have an excellent black bean burger for the veggies. And to repeat: a decent pub with a decent vibe. I have not spent too much time in this area but that could be larger commodity than I know. Competing with Twin Peaks and Short Kilts, well, it's an easy win there.
3	In my search for trivia nights ,  I visited the place this Tuesday. Place wasnt too crowded, not sure its the norm. The food was decent  and service was ok. The place can be difficult to find in the complex . The trivia was fun, good variety of questions and overall ok experience. I will visit again on a trivia night but will keep it as one of the options, not the only one.
4	was in the area from out of town, stopped by and had delicious fish & chips and a stongbow cider..service was good, food & drinks were good.. really enjoyed it..!!
5	If you want to taste the best fish & chip in the world, this is the place. We just came back from Alaska & Seattle, places supposed to have best fish & chip in the world, not even close. Staff is always friendly. This is a grate place.
4	Any place that has happy hour on the weekends gets a high-five in my book. We had the bacon jalapeno flatbread and it was delish. My husband tried several of their beers, and I had the best pear cider ever. While it wasn't busy and there wasn't really any good sports on all their big TVs, we enjoyed a Saturday afternoon pit stop there. And their patio looks nice. They seem to have good daily specials, so we'll surely be back.
5	I had high expectations going to a Seahawks bar for a Monday Night Football. And it met my expectations. The flatbreads were very good, I had the Tomato Basil and my wife had the Bacon Jalapeno. As a vegetarian I usually find it difficult to find decent bar food. But they did have an above average black bean burger that could be substituted on any burger. In addition if you are a Seahawks fan it's the best place to watch the game in the valley.
3	This place is good  They have a great selection of beer and wines.   I will be bringing my mom back to try the crab cakes for sure as she is a fan and they were pretty darn tasty. Make sure to try the garlic fries too - they are fresh cut and tasty.
4	Not instant, but prompt service, and the waitress was perky and friendly. Decent food--Shepherd's Pie was good. If I lived nearby I'd go back. Liked the decor.
2	I was a skeptic of this chemist of brew.Needless to say, I wasn't too far off.  This is great for a night out with the boys to watch the game.  That's all I can say since I wouldn't recommend coming here to chat.  I ordered me a beer and some fried fish and chips.  I don't like soggy food, but I guess that's how it comes here.  The fried fish was laid on top of my garlic fries, which were way greasy.  As the fish and fries came together it was a hot soggy mess.  I might want to add tasteless too.The place definitely has a pub look and feel.  Live music when I came that night, but the football game was going on too.  Rowdy fans and loud music doesn't go well, but I guess it wouldn't matter after a few drinks.  Our service was good, but splitting checks again can be a challenge. - Enjoy!
5	I had the distinct pleasure of making the acquaintance of the King of our fair city earlier this week. At his behest, we met up at The Skeptical Chymist.At first glance, I was nervous that the venue would be incredibly small. It's tucked away in the corner of a shopping center, between a sandwich shop and a Rubio's. The storefront is immensely wide, but for some reason, it didn't appear that it would be very spacious inside.To say that I was wrong would be putting it lightly. When I walked up to the "Please Seat Yourself" sign where a hostess might stand during peak hours, I was immediately lost. There was a vast section in the center of the bar that was teeming with people there to enjoy the amazing happy hour specials (from 4:00 pm - 7:00 pm). I had to actually walk around to the right side of this group (through a small seated dining section) to reach the bar.I only had a moment to gaze at the bar while waiting for Scott D. to arrive. In that time, I noticed several different beers with which I am, sadly, not yet familiar. Though, after the night I enjoyed, I'm sure we will not be strangers for very long.When Scott D. arrived, we ordered a nice stout beer (I'm ashamed to say that I was too nervous to pay attention to the name of the ale). Scott said that it's a good idea to "start from the left, and work your way to the right" of the beers on tap. On this night, we never made it past the first tap.We picked up our ales, and headed to the outdoor patio (another pleasant surprise).  The patio was surrounded by misters, which I'm sure, offer great relief during the blistering summer months. There was a television in the corner of the patio that was airing the Thursday night NFL game. There was a walk up bar that connected to the bar in the main room. At first, it appeared that we got lost in the mix, as it took a while before a waiter came around to see how we were doing. But, once they realized their mistake, they were exceptionally quick to rectify the situation. Our server, whose name escapes me, was incredibly courteous and apologetic for the delay. He asked if we were interested in appetizers...which, after the strong ale, we absolutely were!Scott recommended the "Pulled Pork Sliders". Perhaps it was the beer, perhaps it was the situation. But the sliders were great! They come four to a plate (perfect for sharing). And since it was happy hour, we got them at half price ($5.00).As the night progressed, there was another round of the same beer. That, subsequently, led to another appetizer. For this round, Scott suggested the Chicken Tenders. Being happy hour, we only paid $4.50 for this dish. Just like before, this dish comes with four chicken tenders, making for another easy mathematical conclusion as to which way the dish should be split. I know they were chicken, but the manner in which these tenders are fried, they reminded me more of fried fish. Whatever the case may be, they were scrumptious.Cue the third round of beers, again from the same tap. (Now I HAVE to return, just so I can figure out what this beer is called!) We sat, we drank, we ate, and we were merry. We ended up chatting for more than three hours over drinks and bar fare. So, if you were paying attention, you know that we each had three stout ales and two delicious appetizers during our little pow wow. By the time the tab came, I had completely forgotten that we had been drinking and dining on Happy Hour prices. The damage was an astounding $40.00...including a generous tip! As we exited the bar (three plus hours later), it dawned on me that there was a stage upon which live music acts performed! This place is WAY bigger than I had originally though!  And did I mention the "Library"? I fear I may have said too much already...perhaps when I return, I'll venture into the rest of the nooks and crannies of this local gem!That wraps it up for my 50th review. I know, to some, 50 reviews isn't an impressive milestone. But, to me, this one was special. And, after all, everybody has to start somewhere!I hope you enjoy both the review and the venue!
3	3.5 - I'm a fan, but it's A-OK.The first time we ever came here I had a potato soup with blue cheese and bacon. It was fantastic. Since then, the husband has had their fish and chips, corned beef, and the Shepard's pie. All were good, standard Irish pub fare. The best deal they have is their $5 burgers. Every Monday any burger on the menu is just $5 and it comes with one side (fries, mashed potatoes, salad). It's close to our work and you'll know where to find us on Mondays. The wait staff is super nice and even noticed I had dyed my hair (since we are there that often). If you are ever in the area, definitely check it out. The location isn't ideal; it's tucked away in a shopping center off the 101 and next to a Rubio's. You might drive by it once or twice, but don't give up!
5	I loved the ambiance of this place from the moment I stepped out of the car and was walking in looking at the windows.  They did a great job with decoration.  The beer was great and with half price pint night I was in heaven.  The daily specials on booze are all good, making me wish I lived closer and could be a regular here.  I will be back next time I am in Scottsdale.
4	Monday... BIG screen football, volume up, don't come here Mon night if you don't want to be immersed in football. $5 burgers that are reg $10, combined that with happy hour deals 4-7 pm every day of delicious GOOD drafts for just a bit over $3 & all flatbreads & apps 1/2 price. At normal prices I would feel more 3-star. But if you know what you are getting into & come for deals, it is great for what it is.Waiter was VERY knowledgeable of menu, helpful with suggestions.  Atmosphere really is great with the dark wood ceilings to floors, big place but broken up with all sorts of nooks, interesting apothecary stuff Apollo over in cabinets, with Seattle Seahawks stuff thrown in.
2	Stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago, the verdict: overpriced mediocre and slow. The Reuben was unremarkable and I nearly died of thirst. Latenight is better with plenty of half and half stouts (ie black and blue) and generally likeable live music on weekends.
5	We had our work Christmas party here and they were SO accomodating!  Trever goes out of his way to make sure the guests are happy.  I can't wait to go back with relatives who are visiting for Christmas.
3	I really wanted to like this place as I've been looking for an Irish Bar around Scottsdale that reminds me of Nine Irish on Purdue's campus. A large group of us went here on a weekday for happy hour. I made a reservation the day before but they got the date wrong. Good thing they called to confirm the day of the actual event so I could let them know that we were coming in that night. They had a lot of other large groups and luckily they were able to squeeze us in.We ordered the garlic fries, wings, pizza, and pork sliders. The food was ok, nothing special. The service was pretty slow too. Since we sat next to the area where extra plates, silverware, etc. were served, we just helped ourselves. The atmosphere was pretty cool though and very much like an Irish pub. They had live music that night but the artist wasn't very good and the music was very loud so it was hard to make conversation with the person sitting right next to you. I'm pretty sure there's no smoking inside but for some reason it smelled like cigarette smoke. I didn't see anyone smoking so I'm not sure where it was coming from as no one at our table smoked.Overall, it was just a-ok.
5	Very cheerful, upbeat atmosphere. Excellent service. There is a huge screen that usually shows sports for the fans. And, a happy hour that makes the food significantly cheaper. If you are wanting to listen to modern Irish jigs while eating delicious food (who doesn't?!), read on.I've ordered a number of appetizers and dishes here. The cod and pork sliders are by far the best. There are also wings, fries and Irish-style pizzas, and tacos, among other dishes. If you are a first-timer, make sure you go during happy hour (4 pm to 7 pm) and order pork tacos and cod sliders; you won't regret it. God, I'm salivating just thinking about going back.
5	Great service!
3	Walked in and the SeaHawkers club had just left.  The place was a wreck and they were scrambling to get the tables cleaned and the restaurant back in order.Good service, good food and cold drinks.  Use the 4Square app and unlock an additional dollar off your drinks, even during happy hour.
2	Seahawks central! It was a fun place to watch the Seahawks playoff game, though there were almost no specials for an NFL sunday game place--disappointing, considering that so many other bars offer at least a set of discounted apps and drinks for Sunday specials. The only offered $3.25 draft/bottles. The food was expensive, and while they were generous on the portions, paying $10/plate for anything isn't what you want while watching football. Nor was it anything special. The waitress was attentive and helpful. We had the fish and chips and a few beers, and it was a decent amount of food (a lot of fries). We wouldn't go back unless to specifically watch a Seahawks game during playoffs.
5	Bloody good pub! Order the cottage pie. The live music is the reason to go. The food, pints and friendly service is the reason to return. :)
2	Ok atmosphere. Ok service. Terrible food. Great beer on tap. Overall, really below average food for the area. Everything is deep fried and fatty but tasteless. Not rushing back... Unless I'm only thirsty and it's happy hour.
4	Great fun Irish bar.  Always crowded.  Had their Real Lamb shephard's pie with brown bread since I don't eat beef.  I thought it was pretty good but sorry, can't compare it to a real shephard's pie.  But the fact that it's a bar and came out really hot, I'd say that's a good sign.  Good beer.  TV big screens are lacking a bit so wouldn't really come here to watch a game.  Enjoy the ambience.  Love the live music when they have it.
5	With its finely appointed decor resembling a pub straight out of Dublin, the Skeptical Chymist is a visual funhouse, offering sanctuary to the pub-goer looking for something different. A large chalkboard behind the bar lists a wide variety of handcrafted brews with alcohol contents ranging from five, to the much higher ten percent range typically found in double IPA's. I'm pleasantly surprised with each visit to see the constantly changing offerings. Their happy hour menu features five dollar flatbreads that are absolutely scrumptious. But the piece de resistance is their corned beef and cabbage; a true delight with its perfectly cooked cabbage and  generous portion of corned beef slathered in a mustard onion demi-glace. Kudos to our server who was quick to forewarn how the dish comes with a 'gravy', for had she not done so, I'm certain I would have been repulsed upon seeing my corned beef smothered in a brown gravy. At first, we were both confused, our thoughts swimming around the idea of how gravy could add anything to corned beef. But this gravy is different. They call it gravy, but it's an onion based demi glace with a slight hint of deli mustard which if you can believe, accents the corned beef into a culinary triumph.One IPA, and a plate of corned beef for lunch and I found myself flat on the couch an hour later, sleeping Sunday afternoon away like a newborn, as Sundays are meant to be.During the week, the Chymist is a fun retreat from work, with its all ages crowd, cigar-friendly patio, and extremely fair happy hour prices.The Chymist is a great place to unwind, or, have a fine meal that in no way resembles typical bar food.  I should probably mention how I've yet to find an unfriendly server or slow service. That's not to say the service is somewhat slower when packed, but if you're there to pound brews instead of enjoying the moment, you'll likely disagree with this review.Overall, nice job SC management.
5	I absolutely love this place!My boyfriend and I come here for happy hour drinks about once a week and love to arrange meet-ups with our friends here.The atmosphere is awesome! Every inch of the place is designed to look like an old Irish pharmacy. There is always something cool to look at.The staff is always friendly and helpful. I've only once had a problem with a bad attitude from one of their servers and haven't seen that girl since. Everyone else is an absolute pleasure and always willing to answer questions and make suggestions. Very attentive and charismatic.It can get pretty crowded (don't even bother coming on a night the SeaHawks are playing) but there is plenty of seating and a small party can usually find a table. Larger groups should plan on arriving early and coming on less busy weeknights.They have a great selection of beer, wine and cider and a full bar for any mixed drink you want. They also cycle seasonal and promotional beers regularly so there is always something new to try and they're always happy to let you have a complimentary taste, which I love! Prices seem pretty standard to me. Happy hour has great deals and every day of the week has its own all-day drink special.The food is really hit or miss. The burgers are amazing and the chicken tenders are great but a lot of their food in general is a bit atypical. For instance, the flatbread pizzas come in varieties including "bacon onion jalepeno" or "date and black pepper" but just a meat'n'cheese choice isn't on the menu and their "tacos" consist of pulled pork and coleslaw. Everything I've tried has been totally delicious, but if you're looking for good ol' simple bar food, you might not like their menu unless you're willing to be adventurous. Like with the drinks, there is a daily special every day of the week except Sundays and flatbreads as well as appetizers are half-off during happy hour.One of my personal favorite reasons for coming to this bar is Tuesday Night Pub Quiz. Live bar trivia in teams that's WAY more fun than the answer pads and monitors used at other bars. There are a number of regular teams but we've had lots of fun getting a ragtag group together to go and try our best.Overall, I fully intend to continue frequenting this place for it's charm and feel-good atmosphere.
3	I have been to this bar 3 times, and the service is ALWAYS different:1st: Party of 8, work event. Waiter was totally on top of it, knew his beers, knew what he had in stock, and was absolutely amazing. 5 Stars!2nd: One on One with a co-worker, I had an entire glass of beer spilt down my back, and onto the couch I was sitting on. At least the waitress was nice about it, but jeeze... way to ruin a business suit. 3 Stars!3rd (yesterday): Came with three friends. I wouldn't recommend to sit at the bar. Waitress has been ignoring us for the better part of an hour, with only about 4 other people sitting there. Didn't get napkins or silverware with food, and we weren't checked up on for nearly 20 minutes to see if our totally empty glasses needed a refill. Check please? 1 Star.So, to be fair, I'll average it out and give it 3. Better luck next time, I hope!
2	If you are headed here for St. Patrick's weekend, I would be indeed skeptical. The corned beef and cabbage plate was laughable - 4 puny slices of corned beef, a scoop of potatoes and a nominal portion of shredded cabbage. What kitchen guy talked management into that?Go for a Harp or some whiskey, but save your appetite for a place that serves real portions or you will still have an appetite after dining here. P.S The demi-glaze on the corned beef was plain silly.
1	Can I give this place "0" Stars??!! This is the 2nd time I have come here and also the 2nd time I sat at the patio. The first time was not a great experience mainly because the outside server was terrible. She never came around and it made for awkward moments when she did. I decided to give it another try and what did I get?! Another terrible experience. I came here on this past Thursday night around 830PM. I wish I knew who our server was because I really wanted to complain. My friend and I sat down outside at a table and then a moment later another group sat down after us. Their table received drinks and appetizers before we even got asked what we wanted to order. We honestly waited about 10-15 minutes before I decided to hunt for a server inside and ask where the patio server was.  I let that person know we have been waiting for about 10-15 minutes and  haven't been approached for anything. This server was happy to go out of her way and at least get our drinks. She was friendly and was hoping she would be our server and not the normal outside patio server. Well, unfortunately the regular outside patio server  ended up being our server for the night. We then tried being optimistic about it and went and ordered both our drinks and food because who knew when she would come around to check in. Well, later the night came and another 15 minutes or so go by without our server coming around to ask if we wanted anything. I ended up going to the bar outside and was about to order when FINALLY the server came and asked if she could help. Whelp, another awkward moment between the server and us. Later that night, she came around once more and said she was closing out and if she could close our table. We said "Yes". Let's just say that her overall service deserved a at most $1 tip just because I felt bad, but did give her a 10% tip because I'm not that mean. Overall, the food, was OK, the drinks were OK (little watered down on mixed drinks) and the customer service AGAIN was horrible. I am not giving this place another try because 2 times is enough and with the same experience.. They really need to fire most of their servers and get servers that actually know how to treat people and provide at the least "Decent" customer service. NEVER AGAIN!  Oh, and the bands music is so loud that you couldn't even have a normal conversation without yelling. Tone the loud music down so that I can actually have a choice of sitting inside at a table than outside at the patio where all the smokers sit..
2	Two stars due to overall disappointment in the venue.    PROS:   Fish and Chips were excellent in my opinion, and the bread pudding was outstanding.    CONS:   No one to even say "hello" when you come in the door.    Just a greeter would be nice and helpful for a first timer.    Service was spotty throughout the evening.    Most wait staff are more than happy to bring you another drink before you finish the previous one to keep their bill moving up for a better tip, but that wasn't the case here.     The biggest con was the MUSIC - first of all, waaaay too loud indoors.   This isn't a dance club, so it doesn't need to dominate.   It was a conversation killer.    Secondly, it's St. Patrick's weekend, and we're listening to country music???     It just didn't align for us.    An Irish Pub can't line up an Irish Folk Singer for the weekend?     I won't be back.
2	Finally located this place, as it is tucked out of the way. Kinda of an interesting look to it inside. as it try's for an Irish pub feel.Good selection of craft beers posted on a chalk board.I tried a burger and it was soggy and uninspired. Go for the drinks but don't eat.
5	I love this place. Delicious fish and chips, shepard's pie just like I had in Ireland and fantastic Guinness which is poured properly. I love this place do much I tat my bridal shower was held here. They were so fantastic about it and all my friends love the experience. They were so great about handling our large group.
2	I'm not really a big fan of getting food that has ingredients that aren't mentioned on the menu.  Not just my meal but my friends had food that wasn't exactly what we ordered.
4	I've been coming to Skeptical Chymist for several years and I am almost always extremely happy with the experience.  My husband and I typically like to go when they're having their "Pub Quiz" trivia night each week and we have also visited during special holiday events (St Paddy's Day, etc;)..  Service is always friendly.. I have waited a little too long on busier nights, but I chalk that up to being in a crowded bar with people shouting out questions to the trivia caller.  It is a bit chaotic, but not uncomfortable and I've never had bad or rude service from the waitstaff or the bar.  The food is tasty!  There is a plentiful selection of plenty of typical bar food and they pull it off easily.. They also have a nice offering of Irish-inspired choices and what we've sampled have all been very good.  The prices are quite reasonable and there is a different drink special every night - sometimes beers, sometimes cocktails - so our bill is never "too high".The decor inside is really fantastic.  They've taken on the idea of a classic Dublin apothecary (with one side larger room that would be good for daytime lunch meetings styled as a library).. It is dark with plenty of tables and chairs and it is kept comfortably cool inside (but not freezing).  The patio is well lit and clean, so it's a nice place to wander during the nicer Arizona months.Overall, I greatly enjoy my visits to Skeptical Chymist.  It's more interesting than your average bar/pub and the food is definitely fresher than anything you'll find at the average chain.
4	This place is a fun Irish bar with a pretty cool name. It was pretty packed when I was there for happy hour. The appetizers I tried were pretty good, but nothing tasted out of this world. I really like the Pear Cider though. They really have a great selection of unique and Irish brews and the atmosphere really feels like an Irish Pub. It seems a bit out of place in Scottsdale, but I enjoyed being at a bar with a different theme other than the party scene of Old Town Scottsdale.
3	Went here twice. I agree with one of the other yelpers, that the service was inconsistent.1st visit was on a Friday night. The place was packed, but the server was friendly and attentive. The decor was really nice. It was a little loud, but the place was good enough for a 2nd visit.2nd visit was on a Saturday afternoon. The place was dead, maybe two tables occupied in the patio, yet we waited 20 minutes without any service. The server came in and out several times to help the other tables, but not once did she show us any acknowledgement, menus, water, nothing. I think the only time the server recognized our presence was when we were walking out. I hope she saw my dissatisfaction.
4	Open late, have a nice, rotating beer selection. The staff is friendly. Good place!
2	This place was OK. I walked in on a Thursday night and it was just about empty.  The idea of it sounds better than the actual place.The outside decor looks kind of neat with all the bottles.Seated ourselves and eventually the bartender/acting waiter came over to take our orders. They have a happy hour which is nice but it was for bottom shelf liquor... I want to spend money on a decent drink, not  a below-average drink that is usually already cheap to begin with.  ATTENTION PATRONS: $4 Drink is now $3 Drink! I ordered the chicken tenders with what I think was their house Ranch. My boyfriend ordered fries and something else...I didn't like any of the two entrees nor the appetizer from this place. (Tasted stale and over breaded) Definitely Skip this place if you are hungry and want some good food.
3	I cannot believe they took the crab cakes off their menu.  I was tempted to leave, but the shepard's pie keeps me there.
4	I've been going here for a good while now and can honestly say I haven't had a bad experience as far as the service or drinks were concerned, tuesday nights are always entertaining, but the weekend is obviously where it's at.Food is great and the drinks are moderately priced, the selection is always top notch. The general layout and decor of the bar is amazing, though I tend to find myself at the bar for the most part.
2	Came here on the same night as trivia and sat outside.We never got any service, so we left.
3	I got for Monday and friday lunch deals, food is good but the service is very very slow. It can take put to 25 to 30 min to get lunch meal
4	This place was great - we were in town trying to find a place to watch the Mexico-Panama World Cup qualifier and stopped by this place after Four Peaks, which was overcrowded and playing baseball only. Even though they didn't have the game, we stayed anyway. They have open seating and it was lively, but not crowded, on Friday night ($5 Irish car bombs!). As soon as we sat down, our waiter came by and immediately took our drink orders while we looked over their menu. Very attentive the entire night. He made some great recommendations. I had a pear cider (which was life-changingly good) and the boyfriend stuck to Guiness. For dinner, we shared the pork tacos (were some of the best tacos my boyfriend's ever had, and he grew up in Mexico) and the bacon jalepeno flatbread (which were good, but not spectacular). For dessert, we ordered the bread pudding and it was perfectly rich without being overwhelming. The live music they had was this older gent playing mainly 90s hits on an acoustic guitar, and was a perfect addition to the atmosphere. It is a little pricier than we were expecting, but for Scottsdale and the quality, you can't get much better than this place. We will definitely be back next time we're in town!
4	Great beer selection, multiple great food choices, and a true Irish pub atmosphere which has been hard to find here in Scottsdale.  Good music on weekends, trivia night during the week, definitely a fan.
3	Half-and-half is Half Guinness, Half Harp. The best pint in the world, especially if you don't have the room for one of each. :)+ Makes a great time kill while waiting for your tires to change at nearby discount tire.+ awesome party spot for green day.+ great corned beef and cabbage. served with mashed potatoes and comes in either lunch (smaller) or dinner (heartier) portion sizes+ beef wellington is *the* original hot pocket. was that tenderloin?!# sorry, but the wellington's beef was not the freshest+ big-screen with projector prominently featured for great event viewing+ excellent alternative to twin peaks across the lot+ super-friendly staff, always helpful and accommodatingI"m really glad to renew my review after last time. One of my biggest pet peeves is if you can't cook a fried egg without burning it.note well: egg was not retested for this review.# patio seating without noice cancellation phones and individual wireless mics makes conversation impossible against the roar of frontage road, 30 feet away
4	Skeptical Chymist has become one of the favorite spots for me and my circle of friends. Their selection of beer and other drinks is pretty solid, and the prices are fair. I've only ordered food once, and it was decent and reasonably priced.I usually come on Friday or Saturday nights. They often have live music and only a small to moderate size crowd, which is great for providing atmosphere without the waits and the cluster. They have couches and a dartboard over in the corner which is what we usually do when we are there.The decoration and theme is great. Dim lighting with a relaxing vibe. I've never been on a Sunday during football season, but apparently its a fun crowd and judging by the decor, if you're a Seahawks fan, a great place to watch the game in company of fellow fans.
4	~3.5This place is near my office so a few coworkers have invited me out to drinks after work. The inside does not match the strip mall exterior where it is located. Lots of dark woods - very authentic pub deco. The two times I've been there I've had the pear cider, and once split one of their flatbreads, which was okay. Not a crisp crust that I would have liked, but the flavor was good. The service has been good, it doesn't really wow me but it's a nice place to hang out.
5	You have to come here on Monday nights...$5 burger night!   See Remy behind the bar
4	I've spent a bit of time at this bar. Ended up here on nights that Four Peaks was too busy. The few times I've eaten, I've shamed my Irish Ancestors with my lack of ability to enjoy the Traditional Irish Breakfast (I did taste the blood sausage, and tasted it again on the way up! Ugh! but I tried it! ) Nor the Shepards pie, which I am usually a HUGE fan of. But this is a bar - so the food is meh. The selection of beers and wines are awesome. I don't drink a whole lot of spirits, but my husband always gets excited that "his wiskey" is there, and adoradable. I like the ambiance a lot more when there ISN'T live music, because I can't hardly hear myself think when someone is performing. The patio is fantastic for smokers, and the misters keep it nice and cool.
4	I've been wanting to check this place out for awhile now, and I decided to for lunch today. As soon as I walked it, I felt comfortable since it has that great, Irish pub feel, but more refined. I tried out the tasty Hasher Burger, and it was unbelievable. I can't even describe it, other than a classic burger taste. The sweet potato fries were crispy with some rosemary and sea salt. My boyfriend had fish and chips, and the portions were huge. Big hunks of cod fried to perfection. A great place that I'll be revisiting soon.
4	This place is pretty cool. I like that its a Seahawks pub! I tried the fish and chips and it was pretty tasty! Can't wait to try other stuff on the menu! Definitely coming back, gonna have to try and watch the game!
5	Went here for so SEAHAWK football last Sunday against the 49ers. So glad I did! This place was completely jam-packed w/Hawk fans - it was so much fun!Service was impressive and TVs at every angle so that patrons wouldn't miss a single play.Haven't tried any food but their Mirror Pond draft was tasty. I will be back for more!
4	I like this place for a casual meal.  They have sweet potato fries which is always a plus for me.  The service can be a bit slow at times so may not be the best place to go when you're in a hurry.  Sporting events are always on the big screen TV and there is a live band that plays on the weekends.  I wasn't sure what to expect the first time I went, but I have returned a few times so they must be doing something right.  As a girl from New Mexico, I highly recommend the Green Chile cheeseburger.  I wish they had gluten free buns, but I just order the burger without a bun and it's super yummy.
1	Took twenty minutes to get a drink on a dead Thursday night at 6:50pm. Vodka with splash of soda was all soda and no vodka. Ordered the salmon sandwich with scalloped potatoes. Salmon was the saltiest fish I ever ate. Potatoes had zero seasoning. Will never come back.
5	I seriously can't believe this place has had any bad reviews!! I went with my husband and plenty of friends a few times and we've had nothing but a great time, great food and great service. Best place to watch a Seahawks game too!! Go hawks!!
5	I love this place me and my mom go every other week for football and it is always packed with Seahawks fans and the severs are great they remember our orders and every thing I tell any seahawks fan about this place.Go Hawks!!!
3	You wouldn't expect that  a place with such a name is an Irish restaurant. It's just fine. But it isn't anything that would make you're great great grandmother weep for her motherland.
5	I thought this place was pretty cool. The location is a bit weird but I don't think it takes away from it. Anyway, I met a buddy here to do some work and grabbed a table and three drop down screens were on with different soccer games. It wasn't too packed at all but there was a lot going on and I liked it. The bartender was nice because he didn't want to interfere too much with our work, he even said as much and of course we told him we appreciated it. I ordered the pretzels because I was starving and my buddy hadn't shown up yet. They were pretty good. Not the best pretzels I have ever had but the cheese sauce and mustard were yummy and it was perfect for what I needed before lunch.For lunch I ordered the Skpetical Salad which was similar to a cobb salad. They poached their chicken which generally I don't like but with their dressing it was really good. The entire salad was big and delicious and I would definitely get it again. My co-worker called and asked that I bring him something so I got him the same salad and he loved it as well.Buddy had the BBQ burger and was really happy with it as well.I would definitely go there again just for the salad but it seems like it would be a cool place to chill after work for a couple of beers.
4	Let's start this off by saying my love of the Seattle Seahawks and the fact that this is the official bar of the Arizona Seahawkers Association may tint my view of the place.That being said I have gone to Skeptical on occasions other than Seahawks games, which for the record are an insanely fun event here, and enjoyed it.Skeptical is an irish bar but the food is far from your typical irish fare although they have some of the classics like a shepherd's pie that is stellar. My favorite things to get here is the muscles in broth appetizer. Think of this as a bowl of incredibly flavored soup with garlic, leek and red pepper and the added bonus of having a generous serving of muscles and topped with bits of thick bacon. If that doesn't have your mouth watering maybe the kicker of a side of garlic toast will put you over the top.They also feature a great selection of beers including rotating beers in bottles and on tap. The mainstays such as Guinness, Harp and Kilkenny are always flowing.There are only two reasons that I have subtracted a star. The first for me is that I am not a fan of the flatbreads, I have tried several and none every hit the spot. Friends have had them and enjoyed but this just doesn't do it for me. The other is a hit and miss issue that has happened only for Seahawks games where I have felt that the servers have been somewhat unavailable and slacking when it comes to checking back in. I understand for big events they have lots of tables and are busy but even with that factored in there are some who just don't seem to care. The only reason I even mention this is because there are some who I have seen work their butts off to keep every drink filled and people happy. When the tables around me see their servers 3-4 times before I see mine, it's an issue.Check them out but don't dare walk in here wearing enemy colors on game day unless you are prepared to hear all about it from the great fans that show up.
3	I went here for the lunch special and some beer. Both were good, but the bar service was lacking. Nicole C ?    was constantly leaving the bar area to run drinks out to the entire place!. It got worse when she disappeared for long stretches of time. There was nobody tending the bar for quite a few long periods of time. She was nowhere to be seen. I found that quite unusual and annoying.
1	The service was so slow. She didn't even come check on us despite waiting 30 min for our apps!
5	Best Irish bar/pub in north scottsdale or Scottsdale for that matter! Great happy hour specials, yummy food- chicken fingers! Awesome live music on the weekends starting around 9!!!!
3	Was able to get a table for the Seahhawks Vs Saints game. WE got a table on the patio. Even as busy as they were, the service was prompt and spot on! I only give it 3 stars because I didn't try the food, and there was only 1 very small TV on the patio.
2	I'm going to give Skeptical Chymist 2 stars to average out my recent 4 star visit and my 2 recent 2 star ones.I really want to like Skeptical. They have everything I like:  Their food is very good and well priced. They have excellent specials and a huge and thoughtful craft beer menu. Plus, it's just a cool, local one of a kind place.What's the problem?  Hostility.It's a coin toss as to how you'll be treated.  I've been there probably 10 times.  One time it's great, and next time you're treated like an unwelcome intruder.Last night was the latter.  The waitress clearly did not want to be there.  She conveyed agitation from the first moment she approached our table.  She mumbled, slouched and shuffled.  We expressed an interest in the Red Hook Beers on special.  She gestured toward a poster on the wall, clearly intending that we get up, go read the poster and not trouble her by asking her to verbalize what Red Hook beers they have.  She left, we walked over to read the poster and ordered our selections.  "We're out of all Red Hook beers" she then informs us.  She impatiently demands our "plan B" beer selection.  My wife was reading the beer menu.  The waitress asks me what beer I want.  I said " I'm waiting my turn to see the list" She let out a sigh of contempt and just walked away.Monday is $5 Cheeseburgers, which is a fantastic deal.  My son ordered one.As I ordered mine, she barked over me as I spoke:"I'll have to charge you for the water"What? "I'm going to charge you for water"  Why are you going to charge for a glass of water? "Because you have to order a drink for that deal and he (gesturing toward my son) only has water."What a very charming diplomat you are, miss. He'll have a Coke, thank you so much for asking.The food was good but again the waitress just had this impatient "I hate everyone" attitude the whole time.  Later we asked "Can we order more beer before happy hour ends?  She just says "Yes" and keeps walking.  We looked at the board, read the menu and carefully select which beers we wanted.  She shows up with 2 glasses of what we had ordered at first.  I said "What are these?"  "Your beers"  "We didn't order our second beers yet""These are what you ordered before""We didn't want those again, we wanted something different""Oh" ...and left them anyway, sighed (again) and walked away. End of discussion.No "sorry"No "What did you want?" No anything,  just "Oh" as in "I will put that on my list of things about which I do not care"Interestingly, she disappeared 3/4 of the way though the service and someone else took over.Expect good food, and a theoretically good beer selection but do not expect good service because this is not the first time the level-of-service-coin toss landed tails up..
5	We met friends there on Monday and discovered their fabulous burgers. Had my jalapeno burger with no bun and a salad. YUM! Husband had the bleu burger with fries, and thought his dinner was delicious. We shared an order with our friends of the cod sliders, OMG, outstanding! The owner himself delivered our meal and was so friendly.  I love mom & pop restaurants, and this is one I would definitely recommend.  Would definitely go back. Can't wait to try more of their menu.  Ambiance is fun and original.
1	We ended up getting sick after eating at this "restaurant". Only seems good as a bar. Service was on the slow side which you wouldn't expect for a Thursday.
3	Came by this nice, cornered bar after the Phoenix Open for some food and enjoyed the atmosphere. Ordered some wings, which were pretty tasty and quite fantastic! My friend and I noticed the live music flyer - will definitely be back to check it out along with tasting some other dishes! Maybe for St. Patty's Day :)
3	I came here on a whim from a suggestion from a friend. This spot is tucked away making it a little more intimate and dive bar feeling. The drinks are strong, there's not much of a crowd, which is a plus. If this spot was closer to home, I'd be found here more often. 3 stars though because they play some really crappy college radio tunes. Sort that out guys. Other than that, good spot.
4	Love this place. Ok don't let the exterior fool you. Yes it is a strip center. Yes you are in North Scottsdale. But for a pint of Guinness happiness...seriously get out of your car.So this place is cozy and relaxed. Great for lunch or to relax after hours.  If you get a burger, be hungry or share.  That is all I'm gonna say.  And the fries...awesome.  They are crispy shoe strings of goodness to please your taste buds. The ruben is pretty good and sloppy. Will say, what the fish sliders.  The tarter sauce is...different?Get close to the bar and check out the rotating seasonal beers if you are deviating from Guinness. (but really who does that in an Irish Pub?)  There are plenty of great whiskeys to taste.Basically, this is your great hang out pub to enjoy and not got to the run of the mill.  Great mix of beverages to please one and all.Enjoy!
5	After many more trips, they've won we move. They take reservations which is great for post work cocktails.And I've fallen in love with their pork sliders and garlic french fries. There is green sauce that comes with the fries which I wish I could bottle. Mmmmm! Wait staff hustles and always keeps your drinks full.
2	Went here the day after St. Patty's. Place was empty but the table we sat at still hadn't been wiped down. Still hadn't been wiped down by the time we left. Food was OK. I had a nice Black and Tan to start the meal and ordered the fish and chips. Received a huge portion of nicely fried Cod and shoe string fries. I personally like wedges or crinkle cut  round chips but it's not a big deal. They do have huge burgers and my friend couldn't finish his Cheese Burger. Neither had room for dessert. Typical pub. Nothing to rave about. Maybe they were just recovering from the day befores party. I'll give them another try the next time I'm in Scottsdale to see if I have a better experience.
3	Good curry fries
5	i always forget how amazing the craft beer selection is here until i walk in again.  god i love this bar!
4	We went here based on a friend's recommendation.  As she said it was hard to find.  Love the over all decor, feels like you are in an old pub.  The live music was also nice.  We ordered fish and chips and steak sandwich.  They would have been so much better if they were seasoned.  A little salt and pepper goes a long way.  Good liquor selection.  Will come back.
2	My wife and I decided to drive the 19 miles from home to Skeptical Chymist to see our good friend perform on a Thursday night. We have been here a few times before and love the atmosphere, food and beer selections.We arrived at exactly 7:00pm and I had to use the men's room so my wife found a table. After the few minutes it took me to clean up and found her standing at the table she wanted covered in the mess from the previous guests. There were several other empty tables in the restaurant but my wife like this vantage point of the stage. I sat down and waited a while as we watched servers making their rounds and one even walked by and gave us a courteous smile but kept on walking. We agreed that he must not be our server. I walked up to the bar to read the beer selection chalkboard and returned to the table. Still no server. It is now nearly 7:10. My wife flagged down a mid to late 20 year old male with a tightly pulled back, short pony tail.  My wife asked if he knew who our server was. He just replied with "Why did you need something?" My wife said, "Yes, we need our table cleaned and want to place our order." He proceeded to walk away without a response. We sat for another entire song of Jay's set and my wife finally decided to go to the bar to order us a round. As she was approaching the bar, the server came to the table and asked if she was going to the bathroom as he watched her standing at the bar. I told him she was ordering our drinks. He said, "Nice" and finished wiping down the table. Yes, he was only wiping down the table 15 minutes after we arrived and was upset because we decided to get our own drinks at the bar.We had nearly finished our first drinks and he had not returned to the table with a menu or to see how things were. I finally had to go find a table that had a menu on it. We made our choices and still waited. It is now nearly 7:30 and he is wiping down a table near us so I got up and confronted him in a heated tone as I told him how unacceptable his service has been. I tried to turn it on us that we went to the bar and it was "confusing" to him. He was obviously being facetious and I called him on it. He asked me what I wanted him to do. I told him to tell one of the other servers to come take our order.He came by our table a few minutes later and made no attempt to recover the situation and only continued to tell us how "confusing" it is when a customer goes to the bar to get their drink rather than wait for him. I was so angry that I told my wife I wanted to leave. This was disappointing because we had come to see Jay play and enjoy dinner.We went outside and calmed down. Rather than go find another place to eat and miss out on Jay's performance we decided to go back in and find a seat at the bar. We ended up staying until 9:00 and happily gave our dinner and drinks tip to the bartender.I really don't think this young man has any business being in the service industry. Unfortunately, I believe he has been at Skeptical Chymist for quite a while so I would have to put this behavior back on management.
5	Great place to eat with a laid back atmosphere. The food is fantastic and prepared perfectly. They also have a great selection of beer. But definitely recommend.
5	This is our home away from home!  The service is always very friendly, the food is great, and the prices are always reasonable.  They have a fantastic happy hour and a great selection of beer.  The corned beef and cabbage is so good!  Really all of their food is great.  Good bar to go watch sports or to hear some good live music later on the weekends.
5	I have heard about this place for years and in fact my son raves about the fish dinner he gets from here. I finally went when a friend dragged me for trivia night. So glad she did because this place is quite good. The atmosphere is eclectic and very comfortable. You feel like they want your business which as a customer I certainly appreciate. my drink was refilled over 4 times and I never asked. The food was delicious. We all got something different and each of us said it was great. We also tried a desert to share and it was enormous and definitely was good for 3 or 4 people. We weren't able to finish it. I highly recommend this charming place and I plan to return and try some of the dishes I read about in the reviews. I played it safe with a green  chili burger but it was spectacular. Very unique.  My friend had the appetizer tacos which she said were spicy and delicious. The other people both had specialty burgers. Loved this place-will return.
5	Good selection of beers. Seasonals were well picked. Waiter was very knowledgeable about beers too and made excellent recommendations.  Aussie Jim was playing guitar and singing which made the night. Very fun! I'll be back.
4	We were looking for someplace to watch the Sounders game and figured this was our best bet, but unfortunately, they weren't able to show it. Despite that, we stayed and had a great time. Food was awesome...shepherd's pie A+, corned beef and cabbage A+, chicken curry A+, fish and chips A+ (and, since we are from Seattle, we are seafood critics and this was DELISH). But the best of all had to be the candied bacon on the cheese board. FANTASTIC! We are going to try to replicate at home, and I'm looking forward to the challenge. Great service (our server's 2nd day!) and best of all, best place to see the Seahawks and Huskies!
4	Okay service.  Decent food.  Great atmosphere.  Felt like I was in Europe for a minute.
4	We heard so much about this place and I must say, I was impressed.  We went for lunch at 1:00 and for some bizarre reason, we were the only people in the restaurant.  Another couple came in as we were leaving.  We thought it would be a red flag, but the food was quite good.  I had the steak sandwich while she has the ciabatta chicken sandwich.  Both were delish.  We will definitely be back.One critique - it is a bit dark and dirty look - like an old school Irish pub.  The bathroom had some holes in the walls and was clearly a place where surreptitious clowns hang out.  It just doesn't seem to jive with the rest of what's in Scottsdale.  Oh well.
5	Bobby is such a stud, sweet sexy man, and always greets me with a smile. His hair is always up to par with Paul Mitchell's standards. The craic is always mighty, and sometimes whale world is on the box!!!
1	Everyone, please be advised - Happy Hour ends promptly at 6:00 PM. If you show up at 6:04 sit at the bar, and ask if it's still happy hour, the nasty bartender bitch will respond with a sarcastic "no" and then walk away like she's too good to serve you. Not only that, but when you inquire about the different beers they offer and how they categorize them on their elementary chalkboard, she will laugh at you like you're some kind of amateur who's never been outside of the four walls of your house. Menu is generic, nothing that differentiates it as a true Irish Pub. I was disgusted by the bartender's snotty attitude and we left without spending a dime. I'll never go back.
3	$5 any burger with a side on Mondays!  That's worth the trip but this place has lost some of its Irish charm and seems grungier.  It is a good place to catch live music & a variety of beers.   For big sporting events be sure to show up early or else you'll be stuck with standing room.  Also plan on walking a little for parking.
3	Charcuterie platter was good, short on the crostini's and when asked for a few more, the cost was more than a whole loaf of bread.  The Chevre goat cheese with mango chutney was delicious.Fish and chips was good.Steak sandwich on ciabatta was good. Light on the steak. Waitress was nice when she came around.
4	Didnt get a chance to actually eat here, we showed up as the kitchen went on to their late night menu. But the hostess was very kind and the service seemed on point just wrong timing on our part.
3	Hadn't been here for a few years so decided to check it out for happy hour. Beer selection is great. I had three excellent choices and barely got started on the list. I was impressed that Deschutes Brewery is well entrenched since it is in Oregon, not Ireland. Happy hour pour of Guinness was nice. For $4 I got about $10 worth of the beer as you pay in Ireland. The date and pepper flatbread was good. The mussels were good enough. The pretzels were not that great.   Dessert was great.  Service was excellent.   Our server was attentive and helpful.  Unfortunately the table felt sticky and my wife found after she got up from her chair that there was something on it that stained her white pants. There is obviously an issue with the cleaning crew. The difference between three and four stars is in the concerns I have about cleanliness of the dining area.
5	Great place to enjoys some pints and catch a game. A lot of floor space and a menu worth checking out. I little on the high side of cost for pub food, but such is expected in Scottsdale.
4	Fun place but not the best staff! Not very efficient or friendly!
3	When this place first open I was thrilled--great food, fun atmosphere and great live music. Something has changed and it's not for the better. Went there today for lunch and the crowd was not what it used to be. I ordered my fave fish and chips and they were not good at all. The batter was not completely cooked and the cole slaw was old. I paid $11 for fries, as they were the only decent thing on the plate.Sad when a food fave goes bad. Not sure if they changed owners or if they just gave up. The items on the shelves are all dusty and knocked over and now looks more like the haunted house at Disneyland! Geez.
3	Great atmosphere with kind of an apothecary look. Good service. Quite a few craft beers on tap.
3	Unique atmosphere. Decent food. Had the Black Bean burger with Sweet Potato fries. Delicious. Service was acceptable. If you're looking for super attentive attention from servers, you'll be disappointed. If you're not in a hurry, good pub food. Not a drinker, but my party was impressed with beer selection. Only one TV that I could see in the entire place. I don't think this is the place to watch a game unless it's one group supporting one team.
3	I've been coming here for quite some time since the days of when they first opened.  The bar has started to see better days with the chairs and interior seeming a little old and run down.  When they first opened they had some of the better burgers in the area but something has changed.  The food is still decent and not bad by a long shot but it's not what it once was.  I ordered the Beef Wellington, while the dish was tasty and how many bars can you go to these days that even offer that as a dish but it wasn't put together the best and was falling apart after bite #2.  Good place to come see some live music and enjoy a Guinness but it's definitely a place that looks better with a big crowd and in the darkness
4	Great local pub serving great craft beers that are always rotating. Has a great happy hour 3 to 6 everyday $1.75 off draft beers and half price appetizers and flatbreads. Also has live music and is a Seahawks bar.
5	Good food and great beer selection!!! Definitely stop by for a pint. The fish and chips are the best I have seen in a while.
5	Great food, great selection of craft beer and great service.  Love Chris and Bridget! Slainte!
4	The BBQ pork sliders were fantastic. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is cozy. Great place to relax with friends and a substantial selection of beer!
5	This place was awesome... Love it all!  Drink, food and service was all outstanding.
4	Best beer selection in the area. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable of the different beers.
4	Come here quite frequently since it is so close to both work and my house. I've never really had anything besides beer and whiskey and both were great. The food looks pretty great. I have yet to try it. The Irish pub theme is great. Last time I went they had a guy performing live music so that was great!
4	Good for drinks but I have yet eaten anything there that was actually good. They do pour a good Guinness!
4	I've been here several times and always enjoy this place.  It's tucked away in the back of a strip shopping center but is worth the effort to find for a bite to eat and a beer.The menu is basically bar food with an Irish twist.  I like their burgers and flatbreads.What really sets this place apart is it's amazing selection of craft beers.  They always have 10-12 selections on draught and another 10-12 in bottles.  These beers are well diversified by brewery and style.This last visit I had an outstanding Boulder Shake Chocolate Porter.  They also offer tasting flights so you can try lots of different beers while you are there.I'm a 49ers fan so I wish they'd tone down the Seahawks theme but I guess that's my problem!
3	This would probably be my favorite place if it wasn't  for the smoky smell inside.  They might as well allow smoking inside as it smells as if they already do.  I always thought that you had to be so many feet away from the inside of the establishment when you smoked.  People basically smoke at the bar.
