4	If there was an award for the best delivery/ fast food sushi, this would be it. Located in a weird corner of the Target shopping center in silverado Ranch this place would get it. Whatever your in the mood for Yummy has. I got take out lunch the other day and got a few of their special rolls, some egg drop soup and some mochi ice cream. They have 37 specials!! If sushi isn't on someones wish list then they have fantastic teriyaki bowls also. They have a special of 99 cent Nigiri sushi that is so great! I called my order in and picked it up 15 minutes later! If you live 3 miles or closer they will deliver to you!! For an inexpensive take out place, it really delivers quality sushi at a great price and a clean dining room if you can't wait until you get home to chow down! I recommend this place for a quick bite any day!
3	I eat sushi every week and have been to Yummy maybe three times now. I have to say that although Yummy isn't bad, their fish just didn't taste as fresh to me as the fish served at nearby Sushi Mon.  However, I like their non-sushi dishes and will be back.  This place is tiny, so  you can't easily take a large group. I went with 4 friends and it took a while for them to get two tables and 5 chairs together.
3	Average is what comes to mind about this place. Decent selection and clean enviroment. Nothing special about the atmosphere. Usually pretty empty inside. I do like the fast and courteous service. It's a good spot for quick lunch while at work.i've never really tried their "chinese-style" entrees, but they looked too greasy for me to be appetizing. Sushi was average, not too fresh, but not terrible. Deserts (frozen peach sorbet) was yummy, albeit a bit frozen.Overall, just an average sushi place. Okay for lunch if you work near-by, but otherwise, go somewhere else.
4	Everyone at Yummy Sushi is always super nice.  I've been there 3 times since moving out to Vegas 2 months ago.  My fiance and I always get a HUGE hello when we walk in and the first time we were there we were bombarded with free food.  We went their for lunch the first time and were given scallion pancakes as an appetizer and some chef special roll that was tuna and crab covered in tempura flakes and deep fried with a spicy and sweet sauce.  It was amazing!  AND FREE.The last time we went, we were there for dinner and the place was packed.  We sat at the bar and hung out with the sushi chefs who were cool guys and handed us coupons before we left.
4	This is the second Yummy location I've have been to, the first being on Sunset @ Marks. This is a lot smaller, more take-out oriented location. Be prepared for a wait, even for simple rolls. Sushi is not bad but a little overpriced. Cooked combos are all excellent and they have many different styles (Hawaiian, Korean, Chinese, all delicious). Odd location in the shopping center and in a competitive area for sushi restaurants. Outdoor seating only if you "take-out".
4	A place where u can get Japanese, Chinese, and Korean under one roof. 3 of us in out party today. We had Spider roll, Wo Won ton Soup, Kalbi BBQ chicken combo, and Meat Jun. Spider roll was good! The soup was good thinking it had msg in it. The Kaibi and meat jun had no complaints from the guys. Not a bad place to stop by. The have iced green tea that I saw a handful of people drinking. Overall average.
4	We order for pick-up most of the time. They are close to home and quick...They have a spam and egg musubi that i dip in ketchup -YUM!-They have gone up in price a little but the food sure hits the stop when you are hungry and too tired to cook!!The Barbeque is never marinated enough to my liking...But everything else is good. The chinese food is good as well...We love their orange beef  and honey walnut shrimp but I tell them to go light on the sauce or your food will be swimming in it. I love love love their crab seafood salad which they took off the menu about 2 yrs. ago but still make it when I ask ...they should put it back on the menu.
4	You get exactly what you pay far, cheapest sushi ive found in town, i like the way the have it set up. quick and informal, greeeaaatt option fo rtake out or a quick lunch if you only have a little bit of time. i can not complain
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover. Place doesn't look like much but you'll love it. Never disappoints! Love the jackpot roll & yummy bbq chicken combo! So good. Also worth trying is the honey walnut shrimp & the teriyaki bowls, veggies are fresh & crunchy. Brown rice is a nice alternative option as well. Love this place. Think I'm gonna go there now. LOL.
3	I've been a "regular" at this joint now for...5+ years. When I say regular, I mean that they are the only restaurant that delivers to my store that doesn't charge me a delivery charge (but you have to buy at least $20 worth of food). For a fast food place Asian place, they are decent. I have never had a dish there that was horrible, but there are certain dishes that I don't need to have (and my life will still go on). I usually get the sushi here. For quick sushi, it's good. BUT for the sushi experts out there, who need their maguro flown in from Japan the morning of their sushi lunch.dinner, you might think it's not so great. I'm a "purist" and tend to get rolls that don't have all the bells and whistles and I've always been satisfied. -During the cold season, i was a fan of their "yummy soup." I add noodles for $1.50 and I can split this bowl of soup into three portions! -Chow mein is yummy but a bit too greasy so I've only got this twice. -Combination fried rice is yummy, but be aware, it's oily...so when I get this, I put a napkin on top of a plate, pour the rice on the plate and let some of the oil soak through. -Kalbi is good, but I can sometimes tell it hasn't been marinated enough. Usually they're quick to deliver...sometimes they get backed up and have told me the wait time is an hour. Back in the day, they didn't have a delivery minimum AND since we were in the same shopping center they used to give us a 10% off discount. I will continue to be a regular here because I have never been disappointed!
5	excellent service when dining in. a little too small for space esp. knowing how popular they are. some of my faves items are: hawaiian bbq salad with ginger dressing, chicken fried rice, yummy bbq short ribs, double x roll. double x roll is juicy and crunchy.. w/ shrimp tempura, soft shell crab, cucumber, avocado, tuna, and spicy ponzu sauce. calling ahead of time to place an order is also helpful bc they do get busy, busy during lunch time.
1	We went in here for dinner. We were the ONLY people in the restaurant. There were at least 5 employees behind the counter eating, talking, etc. After waiting 15 minutes no one ever waited on us. They all just looked at us and ignored us. So we walked out and spent our money elsewhere.
5	three words - brown rice sushi!!!! awesome!!! its a little extra for them to make it with brown rice but so worth it in my opinion. service was also excellent, we will def be coming back here on our next trip to Vegas. the only bad thing is that there is not too much seating inside, maybe about 6 tables.  we were lucky and scored a table but they were busy the entire time we were there. ordered the california crunch roll (california roll with tempura flakes on it) and the hawaiian roll (spicy tuna with avocado and tuna on top). also got some teri beef (yum!) and teri salmon (yum!). all our dishes were delicious and the prices are reasonable!
3	Good won ton min but hardly any seats for big parties 6 or more.
1	Worst tofu ever...I think they cut up a dish sponge and put it in sauce...threw the dish out...
4	Yummy Grill is a quick grab bag of Asian cuisine. There are elements of Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and Hawaiian influence in their menu. This is one of those places where it is easy to stop in while running some errands.The food comes out quick and the prices are reasonable. For three people, we had lunch for $35. That included three entrees, one roll, and two hand rolls. The food is solid and there was nothing to complain about. I had ordered the Mongolian Tofu and a Spicy Tuna Hand Roll. My main meal came with a large scoop of rice and two cream cheese rangoons. As a lunch special, it came out to be a little under $7. The amount of food was generous and filled me up. Kept me filled until dinner and that is rare with Asian food. They are set up like a fast food joint more than a sit down. The prices are a little high for that, but the food is good.
4	I really love this place for quick reasonable priced chinese and sushi rolls.  Typically I wouldn't order rolls from a place like this but they are actually pretty good.  I feel like they are a tad expensive because they are priced almost like a fancy sit down full service sushi place, but this place is kind of like a few steps lower then that.  Anyways, I like it and go often.  For the chinese I only have tried a few things but enjoyed them all.
3	It's a good place to get chinese, hawaiian plate lunch, and sushi. Prices aren't too bad.
4	I am a big fan of this place. I try different things all the time, and i have liked everything thus far. Only suggestion would be, getting a bigger location because dinner time gets pretty full. Try the combination chow mein!!!
4	This place has a nice variety and is great for a quick meal.  I've eaten in but usually do take-out.  The sushi is good (not fabulous 5-star stuff, but quite good) and the quality is very consistent which can be hard to find.  The Chinese is a tad greasy but delicious, I love the fried rice, and the portions on the Chinese are generous.Tip: If ordering sushi to-go, ask for extra soy sauce.  I always seem to need more than what they put in the bag by habit.
3	Since I've moved up to Vegas, I've been coming here for a while.  I usually come here if there's an excuse to.  I don't necessarily hate this place, I just don't put this place on the top of my list.  It's just ok.  In past visits, I enjoyed the fried rice, katsu and other dishes similar to them.  The food is good, not great.  I think a lot of locals enjoy this place because it's always busy.  The prices are overall, good.What keeps me coming back though is the spam hand roll for $0.99.  As stated in my profile name, I'm a huge Spam Eater.  Sometimes, I'm not in the mood for a whole musubi, just something small and the spam hand roll is perfect.  Small strips of spam, rolled into a small sushi, with a teriyaki soy sauce.  I enjoy it, but I can't really have a lot of it.  The soy sauce is super salty and gives me a headache after three hand rolls.  That still doesn't stop me from coming back for more.  For me, it's the only reason I still consider going there and haven't NOT gotten it at every visit (if that makes sense lol).If you visit this place, I'm sure you will appreciate the variety of Asian cuisine offered here.  There's Japanese, Chinese, Korean and Hawaiian local food BRAH!  It's a small place located on a super busy intersection.  When you visit this place, be sure to grab a table right away.  It's first come, first serve and always busy.  Be prepared to wait just a little bit.
3	Sushi was just ok. I agree with other reviews that the spam hand roll is a good deal for $0.99! Their tamago/egg hand roll also same price and was pretty yummy. My husband go the combination BBQ and found that the chicken was way better than the beef BBQ. Get the chicken! Spicy tuna and unagi was pretty good. Will be back & maybe next time I'll use their delivery service :)
2	Please note the name on this place "& SUSHI". This is not a sushi bar or sushi restaurant. When you walk in you must order at the counter, then pay, then sit and wait for your food. This is more of a fast food chinese restaurant than any sort of sushi place. The food looked pretty greasy and we decided to go elsewhere since were looking for Sushi in the first place. Mostly my issue is with the naming of this place than anything with the restaurant itself.
4	For a quick bite to eat i qould recommend this place. They have good Teriyako combos which include miso soup chicken beef and calbi ribs, along with rice and salad cant beat that for 9$ love coming here when i don't feel like having anything fancy.. their sushi rolls are pretty good too recommend the spicy tuna rolls or the dragon rolls.
3	Food taste delicious and the service is alright. Customer service needs to be improved. Be more welcoming and ethusiastic. The prices seem to be expensive though. I was on my mobile internet looking at their menu. When i get to the store they raise mainly everything $1.00 or more. $9 for a meal is a lot to me. I'll be going to this restaurant less often.
4	Good neighborhood place for a quick bite of sushi!
4	Yummy Grill is quite convenient for lunch. If you want some quick and simple sushi rolls, this is the place to go. I can't say how their fish quality is since I'm only able to eat the cooked stuff for now, but the Cali Roll and Shrimp Tempura Roll definitely does it job in fulfilling my lunch craving. I actually tried the fried rice there one day and it wasn't bad at all, just your typical American-Chinese style fried rice. Service is fairly quick and the cashier is always nice. If you want fast Japanese/Chinese food, this is the place to go. Prices aren't too shabby either.
5	I love going to sushi, it has become one of my cravings lately, though I don't know why.  Although I love it, it can break the budget.  One of my friends told me about this place and it fixes my cravings good.  I have had the rainbow roll, japanese lasagne, and a few other things and they have all been very good.  It's great when I am out running errands and want a quick lunch, and if the weather is nice I sit outside in the covered courtyard.  They will also do any of the rolls with brown rice, FYI, and that is hard to find for some reason.
5	Had the Hawaiian roll, hand rolled tuna, Won Ton Soup, wife had Cucumber roll, teriaki chicken bowl, daughter had shrimp fried rice, Everything was very fresh and yummy! Service was excellent, place was clean and pleasant atmosphere! Prices were very reasonable. I will definately go again real soon.
5	Absolutely love he sushi hear, the yum yum sauce here is amazing and like no other. I would highly recommend this restaurant to other. Only wish they had all you can eat.
1	Horrible service!! Asked for a simple teriyaki plate and didn't end up getting it?! Then while I was trying to get their attention for the correction, I ended up getting attitude! It wasn't my mistake it was theirs' and I was even nice about fixing the problem too! Telling them that I could pay for it if it was a mistake or wait if it was necessary. Complete and utter crap. After the confrontation they started talking crap about me in Korean! I understand Korean!! Unprofessional and horrible.
3	This is the only Chinese place I come to here in Vegas, income from Florida and Chinese food here is VERY different but so far this is the only place I like. I didn't give it 5 stars because sometimes the staff forgets you're there.There was also this time I didn't want to go to the restaurant and we ordered food for delivery (we only live 2 mins from restaurant) they took a little over an hour and when we received our food I was missing an order and had extra stuff that wasn't ordered and when I called the restaurant to inform them of the missing order they said they would bring it to me, however they never came. So if you eat I recommend going to the restaurant NO delivery.
4	This is my favorite sushi place to order take-out or delivery. They include all of the sauces separately so your sushi isn't soggy by the time you eat. They also always include soy, ginger and wasabi. Their rolls are decently priced and I've always been happy with everything I've ordered!
2	I haven't Yelped in awhile but saw fit to tell of my experience here. I ordered edamame that came with a pinch of salt thrown on. Not sprinkled, or dashed. I ask for a side of sea salt and the waiter points me to the salt shaker on the bar. I willingly lick my Palm and sprinkled some salt on to test. It's table salt. I call him back and ask for a side of SEA SALT.... yes, I may have been a bit stern. I finally get that and call him back and ask for a glass of water. Halfway through my beans and no drink service offered. My roll shows up and the water follows right after. I'm ignored nearly the entire meal until somebody new appears from the back to ask if everything was ok. At this point I was nearly empty on water and finishing my beans with the sauces in front of me. I asked for more water. After a few passes by, and no water he reached for my plate as he was asking if I was finished. I informed him that I was not and was finishing my edamame. After this, no water served and the check arrives. The saddest part of this review is that I live within ten minutes walking distance and enjoy a stroll to and from meals as it aides in digestion. I won't be returning to this place and the only reason they've received (2) stars is because I couldn't quit dipping my edamame in the residual sauces from the roll.
5	I always order here and just completed ordering 4 All-in sushi platters (56 pc). It was an urgent request and they made it possible on time. Their attitude and service is great. I have no idea of some of the customers leaving here with bad experience. (Update) The team here at Yummy also gave me some service (free of charge) rangoons, egg rolls, and etc., for ordering all these platters for an event. I have also ate here several times and loved the restaurant. I would definitely ask people to give it a try and judge for themselves.
2	So...Had a sudden craving for sushi for lunch...the only problem? I was at work and couldn't leave. So after doing much research on yelp I came across a few places that deliver and this was one of the first ones on the list...I'm less than 5 miles away from this place and I was just flat out refused service for delivery. I even offered to pay an extra delivery charge in addition to what they had. I also clearly stated that I had a big order but instead got a chuckle and a flat out no. I ended up calling Island sushi instead which is about the same radius as this joint and was greeted with friendly and helpful service. Oh and PS I'm located in Henderson just up Eastern from this place...save your time if you're in my area and call Island Sushi instead.
2	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place on a whim. We walked in not knowing whether to seat ourselves or order at the counter. We asked the waitress/cashier/order runner and she seated us. We ordered drinks, veggie tempura and 3 rolls after reviewing their menu. I like that they have several shrimp tempura rolls which are my favorite. She brought our vegetable tempura and forgot the drinks. I had to remind her as she breezed past the table. Our rolls arrived shortly after. I wasn't really impressed with the presentation or the quality. Mind you, I am NOT a sushi snob. The rolls just seemed thrown together. Overall, I'd rather spend the same amount of money elsewhere that doesn't seem like fast-food sushi. Might be good for take-out orders. They seem fast paced and more concerned with answering phones and take-out orders than customers dining in.
1	We used to be regulars here. As of a few months ago, their sushi has become a joke. Extremelly small! The rolls have barely any fish in them, they don't even fill it up rice! They used to be good, but after several more tries, we are done.
3	We ordered combination fried rice and O roll 2. Fried rice was very oily and flavor was not good and expensive for what you get. The roll was very small for a $10 roll, it should have been $7-8 only.
3	Me and my boyfriend were at the Target in the same lot and decided to try this place out for the first time. Their menu is on the window and they have a lot on their menu.Customer service was really good and their portions are big. I had ordered the combo of teriyaki beef and it came with miso soup, salad, and 4 piece California roll. My boyfriend ordered the loco Moco. He really enjoyed his plate, but unfortunately my teriyaki beef was really dry and there were pieces where it tasted burnt. The dressing on the salad tasted unusual as if there was a lot of onions and off sweet taste. And the bathroom, it was disgusting in there. It looked like it wasn't clean in several days such as the floor, the entire toilet, and the sink. I doubt we will try this place again.
5	I've been to this location 4 times already within this month and I really like it. So far I've only ordered from their Chinese side so I can only speak for that. Their combination chow mein is delicious!! The times I've had it, it wasn't overly greasy and the ratio of noodles to meat was very good. I've also had their lunch combo which for $6.75 you choose between white , fried, or brown rice (.50 cent extra charge for brown or fried) and any shrimp, chicken, or beef entree. I got the moo goo gai pan, with fried rice, and it also comes with 2 cream cheese rangoon; definitely worth it. It's a lot of food for the price, I ended up only eating half of my plate, no stingy lunch portions here. Also their won ton soup is pretty amazing, it comes with veggies and though I'm used to just won ton, pork, broth,  scallions, and maybe some bok choy it was a welcomed change! The pieces of pork/char siu are thick and you get a really good amount, the broth is top notch and we all know that the broth is everything when eating won ton soup. Also forgot to mention they have local style foods, so for all my fellow Hawaii transplants they do have some great options. I have only tried their chicken katsu and it was good, it comes on a bed of cabbage and a side of white rice and mac salad, just like home. But I still prefer their Chinese section over their local section. Overall this place is a must, if you want some tasty Chinese or local style foods, oh and they deliver!!
4	I don't think I've ever been in here when it's not busy.  the food is great and the service is very quick!
5	My boyfriend and I have become regulars here! We usually dine in and the service is great. It's a small, casual place to eat. We walk in, grab our own menus off the counter and pick a table.  We never wait long for our food to arrive and the employees are really friendly. Sometimes they get super busy with take out orders and may take a little while to check on you or bring you the check, but no big deal we just walk up to the counter and ask for what we need and they will bring it to you quickly. The food is so good, this is my favorite place to get sushi and their fried rice is the best. We will come here forever :)
1	Terrible customer service, no sense of urgency in this establishment. Three people ordered after me, two of which had been served before my small to go order of spicy shrimp tempura (which I'm still waiting for). Sucks. Where is the order? FCFS.
5	Their staff is super nice and will take care of you if there was a mistake such as forgetting a spam musubi on the order for take out and making me drive back (they gave me extra and apologized NICELY). Thats a big deal since alot of rude ass people would say sorry with a nasty tone.I love the food here too. Ive got nothing to complain about their food. Ive tried their spam saimin, teriyaki salmon, bbq mix combo, spam musubi, mahimahi musubi and i had no complaints such as too salty or the meat's too hard. Everything was delicious. I dont eat macaroni salad but if you do, you should try theirs out, because everyones been telling me that they have good mac salad. Clean environment and the bathroom aint nasty at all. I love this place! Keep it up!
5	Good spot for hawaiian/Chinese food.I am giving them 5 stars, because it tastes good, and the Staff is always wonderful and will always help answer any questions. PlusEverything I order is made Perfectly.+ I Recommend the honey walnut shrimp &Chicken Lettuce Wrap.I will definitely go again
5	I gave them a long break and wanted to give them another chance, these 5 stars are for the super thick, buttery soft, salmon nigiri. It was amazing! The other items( Mexican roll, tiger roll 2, spicy crab, and California crunch roll) were all great too. I'm very glad I gave them another go, I'll be back!
3	Pretty good fast Asian food. Nice service. And they got brown rice , so it works for me!
3	Love the owner, hard working man. Great variety of food but here's another Chinese restaurant that pre cooks all of their chicken so 30% of the time you order it is overcooked. The staff is great and they are very clean.
4	Dinner time is quick and easy... The food is always good here!!  The Shrimp fried rice is yummy and the pot stickers are always a big hit. My favorite are the cream cheese ragoons... good stuff!
