5	Definitely a must!!This spot was something that we've been looking for. I love sushi and it's hard to find a restaurant that can satisfy both our tastes; quality and quantity. LOLSpicy tuna has delicious, fresh sushi.. great atmosphere, and a amazing chef who likes to keep you smiling; Eddy--hilarious dude. Who also owns the place. ;]Try it, you might just like it!Thanks Eddy!We'll be back for more..Joanne
4	I've gotten take out orders a few times now (sooo easy when you're next door at TJ's) and they've always been very good.  There's a spicy tuna roll covered in avocado slices (I get it w/o the tabasco sauce) that is excellent!  The salmon roll and salmon skin roll are both great as well.  The service is always friendly and orders come out quickly.  I'll definitely be back!
5	If only you could give out 10 starts, i think i would still have to give this place 11!! :)I never knew shshi could be this good!!!! Located on Eastern and Coranado, next to Trader Joe's, this is the place to go for sushi and also a good time! The owner Eddie pratically lives there... I think he has a matterss in the back somewhere. He is ALWAYS there which is awesome cause that means you can go anyday you want at any time and you will have the best sushi chef there to create the most amazing fish you have ever had.The rolls are inventive and delicious. Eddie needs to sign up for a "how fast can you make sushi contest" cause im telling you he would totally WIN!! Almost before you can tell him what it is you want he is handing it to you! I feel that part of the sushi experience is sitting at the bar and talking with the sushi chef. I have to believe that Eddie agrees with that cause he is very charming and engaging... he makes you laugh and smile, and well... just feel welcomed!!!This place is fairly new but has a major following already. Once you go there you are hooked! The 1st time we went there it was so delicious that i wanted to go back the next day! (That never happens) Im telling you i dreamed about this place (the Danny handroll & Princess Deana roll to be exact) and when i called my brother to tell him how much i loved it (he told me about it) and that i wanted to go back the next day he said "yeah, i understand, we went 3 days in a row when we found it" which then kinda gave me the ok to go again the next day and not feel bad!! :) thanks bro! If you dont want to go to the strip and you want some AMAZING susi-this is the place to go! Just make sure you dont already have dinner plans for the night after, cause i guarentee you that you will want to go back again!! Thank you Eddie, for bring to Henderson the best sushi EVER!! You are the MAN!!!! oh, and after writting this and thinking about it, im sure ill see you in a few hours.. lol (pictures posted)
4	So what's with the fact that there are 50 place in town that all have the same sushi roll names. "Who's your daddy" "tastes like my ex", etc, etc. I mean I'm all for fun names, but why do they all have the same weird pseudo-sexual names? Is there some huge corporate conglomerate in japan opening up tons of "mom and pop" sushi shops here in Vegas ? I don't get it.. anyways, with that off my chest....We came for the spyonvegas open bar night. While the free sapporo was nice, the service was awful. I 100% don't blame them, however, because this place was SLAMMED. 1 thing I ordered never showed up, and another roll was pretty messed up. That beging said...The sushi was good. They use the same krab junk that every "sexual sushi" place does in Vegas. The rolls were creative and had stupid names . I recommend the Joe's special... a sort of spicy tuna roll with avocado covered in garlic ponzu sauce. I like some of the items on I love sushi's menu better that I didn't find here (Screaming Orgasm anyone?), but overall they were really similar in pricing, roll variety, fish quality, etc! It would be hard to choose... but for now I prefer I love sushi.
5	The sushi at Spicy Tuna was so fresh that it made me rethink every other single sushi place I had ever eaten at. This is definitely going to be my main go-to-place when I get weekly cravings for sushi.Everything I have tried here was great! My favorites are the Kiss of Fire, the Anthem Roll with added garlic ponzu sauce, the 944 Special (justin something or other) and their Screaming Orgasm. Many more things to try though and i am sure I will like it all. Very friendly staff! Definitely sit at the sushi bar.
4	Nice to see Eddie has also risen from the ashes that is the mess known as The Ka, to head his own counter, like Shawn at En Sushi...Also like Shawn, he's doing riffs on his rolls from his early days at I Love Sushi, but he's added some new tricks up his sleeve and they're interesting and tasty.  If you like fun, funky, fusion rolls, then ST is easy to love.
5	This place is by far the best sushi in town.  The service can be a tad slow, but the wait is sooooo worth it.  You have to give this place a try.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Great I love this place for a few rolls with my wife.  Or a roll and beer with a friend.  High quality , good rolls and nice environment.  I like the place for great sushi and a drink but when I really hungry for sushi I head to Inaka.  More bang for my buck but not the bling or style.
5	I don't go to I love Sushi anymore... There's no reason to... This place is MUCH BETTER... Eddie is an awesome sushi chef, and this place offers nearly the same rolls as "I love", but done better.. Like: Prettier, tastier, fresher, and there's never a long wait.Hands down best place in town..
5	Best sush joint in town - strip or off strip...lots of creative rolls and specials.  The owner - Eddie - is the best host in town.  Fun atomosphere, good for kids, dates, relaxing, etc...Eddie will remember your name if you are a repeat customer at the sushi bar.  Sushi is good quality, fish cuts may be a bit on the slim side for sushi/sashimi but the maki rolls are the winners here...I'm hooked on the Deez Guyz and Justin Special rolls...get adventurous and try them all!
4	The sushi was delicious, the waiter was friendly and attentive.  Loved the privacy of the booth seating. I will definitely be back and try more items from the menu so that I can give them 5 stars!
3	We went for dinner on a Monday night.  It was around 7 p.m.  The restaurant was not very busy.  From start to finish, the worst thing about this place was the service.  Everything we ordered was good.  I ordered the Jay Special since it is my namesake and it was great.The servers were probably around 19 years old and very inexperienced.  Also, some of the food came out in shifts which left me the last to get my roll.  My three friends all had food in front of them except me.  At the end of the meal, David, who seemed to be a manager came up to our table and even apologized for the bad service without us even having to say anything.  He promised that it wouldn't be as bad the next time we came back.  I asked him to comp something from the tab as a result and he laughed and said that he couldn't.  The bill was only $100.I would go back for the food, but perhaps sit at the sushi bar, so I could deal directly with someone.  I also wouldn't go in a group of people there ever again.
5	I'm so happy I found Yelp, I can't believe how much I love Spicy Tuna and now I get to tell everyone about it.I was a long time customer of I Love Sushi down the street and my friend ---- World Famous Race Car Driver with the initials DG ---- told me that I needed to skip out on ILS once and try this Spicy Tuna place.I swear to God on my kids lives!!! If I knew I were going to die tonight this is where I'd go to dinner. While I was there I'd go ahead and try to eat myself to death before whatever else was gonna get me got me.
5	I keep on yelping lately... and having an out-of-town friend visiting this week it's even more fun. So... she said - "I'd like some sushi. Do you know a good place?".  and I said "Well... I really don't but let me find one". So that's how we found ourselves walking into Spicy Tuna around 6pm...I'm going to keep this story short but here are the highlights:- Sashimi with jalapenos plate for starters. This one made us realize that we are in a "right place" and everything will be perfect!- Landlord special - this one was a hit too! Crunchy deep fried rice base with spicy fish mix on a top. I called it "Japanese fusion tapas" :)- Teacher Special (some really funny names on their menu...) - we asked for something with eel and were recommended to try this one. It turned out to be a very good combination.- Uni for "dessert". My friend is a fan and she said that they have the "right stuff"... I've never had uni in my life and after one bite I figured that I haven't been missing much (I guess it is more of an acquired taste) so I'm not going to say anything here :)+ 2 portions of sake = life seems much better.+ Large sashimi plate with jalapenos (again) to go.Spicy tuna - me love you long time :)
3	3.5 starsThe rolls while good rely on over saucing and the use of putting as many ingredients in them as possible to make them more...exciting? I guess.Sometimes I just want a simple roll that has amazing tasting seafood in it, not amazing sauce. Maybe thats just me though.Anyway, the pictures already posted here are a good representation of type of sushi rolls that that are made here. By the way they have brown rice available upon request.  I didn't have any problem with the service. I sat at the sushi bar and the  sushi chefs were friendly and prompt.
4	Spicy Tuna is a great neighborhood sushi bar.  Gonzo is a really good and attentive chef.The sushi is solid, but some of the rolls are great!The ambiance could be better, specifically the lighting.  It is too bright in there.  With lower lighting levels, the place could be much cooler.The owner -- Eddie -- is a pretty funny guy.
4	If you really know quality fish, you will think it's good, but nothing great.  This place is more of a roll place than traditional sushi.  I did think my roll was very good.
5	Great food!!
5	I love Sushi was my favorite Sushi place in Las Vegas until Eddie left there and opened his own place called Spicy Tuna. You absolutely can not find better quality sushi in all of Las Vegas/Henderson. Eddie, the owner and head chef is always there and he is also the same chef responsible for creating the menus for Encore's sushi restaurant as well. His sauces are sensational and creations are unmatched. The atmosphere at Spicy Tuna is not quite as nice as I Love Sushi though. Spicy is more like a sports bar type feel Bright, TV screens with sports playing, kind of cheesy decor. You just don't get that same cozy dining feel that you may hope for on a Friday or Saturday night with your girl. I really wish Eddie would change the style of the place but you still cant match the fish quality and when your looking for good sushi that really is all that matters. I give this place my highest rating still! Favorite dishes are Sex on the Beach (Garlic Ponzu) & 51 Vegas Special (Deep Fried special that Eddie created for I Love Sushi and it's not on his menu but ask for it because its 10x better at Spicy)
3	A group of us decided to try Spicy Tuna on a recent Saturday evening due to the great Yelp reviews. We had 6.5 people in our group (4 adults, two kids, one baby), it seemed like they were unprepared for a group of more then 4...  we were seated at two tables that were pushed together and it still felt like we needed more room... The complimentary edamame and cucumber salads that were brought out were a nice gesture, I would have appreciated water coming out first though. We made up for it by doing sake bombs, which made a bit of a mess (please get some smaller glasses, Spicy Tuna management!!)As others have stated, this is more of a roll place... I still love well made rolls. The menu was a little intimidating, they have 86 'specialty rolls' listed so it took us a while to decide.  We finally agreed to start with: Large Screaming Orgasm - Generous portion of seared tuna but I've had better orgasm sauces. Sun Devil Roll   - I don't do jalapenos usually but  this roll had the perfect amount to give it some kick without it being too overpowering. Yumyum sauce was fantastic. Probably my favorite roll of the night. Caterpillar roll  - Came with shrimp tempura, would have liked for it to have more eel. Philly Roll - Hard to mess up this classic. I Love Sushi Roll - Spicy tuna with more tuna on top. Not bad, not amazing. We also ordered one plate of teriyaki chicken for the kids as well as some sodas. Total damage with tax and before tip - $130. Overall, I was happy with my meal but wasn't blown away, especially for the price paid.
5	Came back with my out of town visitors again. Everything was as good as the last time. Started with jalapeno salmon (they ran out of tuna that night) and proceeded with the Kiss of Fire roll. Plenty of sake and cold Asahi :)My friends had Uni (which I still can't even remotely like :)
5	Oh my, this place has some awesome sushi and even better employees.  Eddie is great and is there often so say hello!  Gonzo, my fave, is always cherry and makes THE best rolls....by far!  Some, of many, suggestions I can make are: D's GuysAgadashi TofuJapanese lasagnaGonzo RollKyle SpecialLike I said, SOME of MANY!  As an added bonus, they give you what I believe to be sake soaked orange slices.  Perfect for cleaning your pallet after a tasty meal of sushi goodness :-)
5	We love Eddie! He took my sushi virginity and I have yet to go anywhere else! The sushi is fantastic, very fresh and very well priced! Gave a roll to my soon to be father in law who is from Tahiti and he LOVED it. The staff is wonderful too. I would have to recommend sitting at the sushi bar for the best experience tho!
2	I'm not one for the spicy fare but my sister is!  The only problem I found was that even though the sushi was spicy, that was all I could taste!  I had to order a platter of sashimi special because I didn't want it spicy and it took a while for me to get an order of mussles.  When I did finally get it, it was very mayo-nasy which ruined it.  The best roll I had there was the NRES roll(I hope that's right) which had a nice garlic sauce to pour over it.  I probably will not be frequenting Spicy Tuna Sushi.
5	This is my new favorite sushi spot! This place is awesome!They have over 90 different rolls with funny names. The quality of the sushi is good and the service is very attentive. They have a few flat screens in there with sports playing to. I get the Yum Yum hand roll everytime! You wont be dissapointed with Spicy Tuna!
2	O.K. so I did like my food but my main problem here is that for a set lunch it's $8.95 but if you choose certain options it's $1.00 more....Alright so far that's fine with me, an option for $1.00 more is Barbecue Short Ribs-I'm thinking" Hell Yeah"- Then my food comes and it's literally 4 short ribs minus the meat- Yup, for $1.00 more- so actually for $9.95 I got 4 mini short rib bones and a few little fatty pieces....Umm, Why even offer that as an option if you are gonna be so stingy-maybe if I were a dog and ate bones I would've felt satisfied but I'm not. Even if I were given 2 small pieces with the short rib intact (meat & bones) I would be more happy understanding that with a lunch special you will get a smaller portion but c'mon....So I did think the food was tasty, the short rib fatty pieces/bones tasted good(too bad I had no meat to eat), tempura good, loved the salad dressing and the OG Roll good but not great (could've been more hot).OG Special- Spicy Salmon, Avocado, Yum Yum Sauce & Scallions Topped with TabascoI would go back and be willing to try other items, items without bones that is!!!!
2	Blah. Went there for lunch and it seemed it was all about cutting costs and saving money. Lunch special was full of upcharges...just charge a dollar more for the special to begin with instead of having the little note that says this and that and the other will cost you a dollar more. A sashimi platter would be nice as well. The spicy tuna roll was good but the rest just seemed like fluff. A potsticker that was chewy and a spring roll that was laden with grease. Perhaps it was just an off day with the food, but the menu could use some revamping.
5	Absolutely out of this world - The rolls are the best I've had anywhere.  Our favorite Sushi restaurant by a long shot.  Friendly staff - can't wait to go back.
5	BEST LUNCH SPECIAL IN TOWN. You get a very large lunch with many choices for less than $10.
3	Spicy Tuna is alright! The people I dined with loved it. I didnt care for three things1. the choice of music, the first time i dined there it was on point this time, someone in the back got ahold of the cd player & was playing some wack A** sh**2. No half rolls, REALLY come on why not? 3. I think sushi should be bite size & at spicy tuna its definitely not, its not sexy on a date, well i guess some guys would be interested in seeing how much of that HUGE roll you can stuff in your mouth.with all that said, i will be back. the sushi is good!
4	Just ordered a Summer Special (salmon sushi, avocado, tomago) and cucumber salad for dinner, it was really fresh and good! Good job Spicy Tuna.... it's so G-O-O-D!!!!
5	Very good! Ask for a special, they can make you whatever you ask for and then some!
3	The service was friendly and funny. The food was good as well. I ordered the Hamachi Kama and was burned -1 star and they tried to mask the flavor with lemon. They did this also to the Saba. Fresh fish really doesn't need lemon. I ordered Salmon Skin cut roll It was ok ... Not the best but not bad either ... nothing was standing out for me ... i didn't even bother to take photo's the place. The lighting was poor music too loud and bunch of plasma screens to watch sports. My wife order tempura and Udon. It was ok. I tried my sons chicken it was quite good. I ordered the a roll d's something it was really good. This place is more like fusion maki sushi ... if you like fusion maki sushi you need to come here. If they didn't burn my hamachi kama would be a 4 Star. The service is good, food is good, but when i got my bill ... it wasn't that good. Give it a try ... i will come back in a month and try it again.
5	I've been to a lot of sushi places in Vegas but Spicy Tuna really stands out. The nigiri sushi at Spicy Tuna has always been really flavorful and fresh. All of the rolls are really good and creative, my wife really loves the Birthday Special roll which doesn't look very easy to make but tastes really good. None of the sushi that I've tried here tasted bland which is the problem at a lot of sushi places in the valley. The service is great and very attentive, we usually sit at the sushi bar so I couldn't tell you what it's like to order sushi from a table.
4	Spicy Tuna Sushi is a great neighborhood sushi spot that has fresh and flavorful food. But it surpasses other sushi joints with attentive and extremely friendly service. The food was delivered suspiciously quick with a cheerful smile. Me and my siblings kind of went buckwild and ordered five rolls between the three off us and I don't exactly remember all that we ordered, but what stood out was the D's guy special; eight gorgeous pieces of tuna, rice, avocado, and chili dot. Complimentary edamame and cucumber salad is rare during these times, so it was a nice surprise. I highly recommend the garlic butter edamame, it's cheap and they give you plenty. Drinks were replinished frequently and they gave us time to review our menus. We finished our meal with tempura green tea icecream which was refreshing after spicy and salty mayhem. Tucked between a K-Mart and Trader Joes, the exterior is a bit dreary with covered windows. However, inside it's lively and upbeat. The place is good enough to warrant a recommendation and multiple visits. Enjoy!
5	Okay so after my so-so experience, my friend dragged me back to this place. I decided to order a roll #43. Mike's Roll and #49 Princess Diana.... Oh-my-goodness! I know the owners haven't changed and their menu hasn't changed either, but maybe this whole time I was ordering the wrong thing! Like salmon sashimi or chicken teri bowls... The rolls they have are very similar to I Love Sushi because the owner actually worked there and then opened this location. Sharing some rolls, drinking Sapporo, and snacking on their garlic edemame was absolutely delicious!!! Im so glad I went back to this place! Third time is a charm!
4	Great, friendly service and very tasty, unique rolls.  Lots of ponzu which they do wonderfully.  Everyone must try the Justin special, such a fabulous, light and tasty roll.  It's almost like a sushi salad.My only complaint is their eel.  It's fishy and just not the best.  Which is disappointing because I love eel.  But despite that this is our sushi place that we go to over and over and over again.
5	What to say...I used to go to I love sushi all the time until my friend brought me to spicy tuna! Best sushi of my life!!! I go there once a week or even twice I've tried many sushi restaurants before but none of them have the service, food and overall atmosphere spicy tuna has! Eddi is amazing, very friendly and prompt wt my order he always starts me off with the complimentary cucumber salad and edamame, I always order the double d roll which is my favorite and he makes the exception to make it mild for me since I don't like my food spicy, Ryan roll and the crunchbug is good as well and at the end they always finish off with a complimentary orange or icecream for the price it's so worth it!....everyone there is very friendly and funny as well, unfortunately I moved to LA so I don't get to eat there as often u can even imagine how many times I've craved their sushi! Every time I'm in vegas I make time to visit and enjoy some real sushi!  Always and forever ur faithful customer aka miss double d!
5	This is my first Yelp Review. I actually signed up for Yelp , specifically to review Spicy Tuna.                             I currently live in San Francisco , and as you know... SF has amazing food! I have had some of the best Sushi , in SF. However, when I went to visit my family in Las Vegas, Nevada ( my home town) my mother took my boyfriend and I to ' Spicy Tuna'. We were amazed of the quality of the food. It was simply amazing. Spicy Tuna , is by far the best Sushi we have ever had!  We look forward to visiting the Las Vegas area again , and eating at our favorite sushi joint ' Spicy Tuna Sushi'.
4	Love this place!!! Love the miso soup. It took about 5 or 6 tries of different places to find this place. We take it to go most of the time and it's always ready when they say it will be ready.
4	Pretty darn good! Not as good as I Love Sushi, but no wait and just as good of a selection.  I'm going back for sure!
5	This place really does deserve 5 stars.  I love the sushi here and I eat sushi quite a bit.  This is my favorite sushi place of about 20 I have tried.
4	This place is great for rolls - Sashimi is just good.  I always get the D's Guy and Justin Special... that is the way to go.  The music is a little ghetto
5	Hands down the BEST sushi in Vegas! Been to many sushi spots and this one was my last stop. I've never been disappointed. Garlic edimame amazing! Justin roll my favorite low carb roll (salmon wrapped). Jay Special.....well it's one you MUST try and you'll fall in love.
5	I'm in love!!! Too bad I'm moving out of state in 2 weeks since finding this place. Must orders: Tijuana roll, D's guys, hooters special, NRES, spicy edamame, lunch special plate, cucumber salad (amazing and enough for 2 people), and the Danny hand roll. The best is the spicy ponzu sauce, it's nothing you've tried before. Every place I've tried since I'm comparing to Spicy Tuna. I can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can get my sushi on.Be warned there are about 50+ rolls to choose from. Give yourself to time to read through all the choices. The rolls are huge so come hungry!!
5	Love, love, love the service here!  Also, only sushi place open before 4pm one Sundays!
5	This place is great! I'm not much of a sashimi guy, so I stuck to the rolls, but everything was top notch. We had California, Philadelphia, spicy shrimp, Mexican, and the Vegas 51 rolls and were impressed with all. The Mexican is great if you like a little spicy bite, and the Vegas was a great tempura roll. Check this joint out for sure!
4	Finally a real Japnese sushi place in Las Vegas...yo!. Well actually this ones' been here for a while and is in Henderson  but it just been discovered by me. The place is nice it has semi private booths some tables and the traditional sushi bar, the service is great, the waiters check on you constantly to make sure you don't miss anything, the food?.... well it was kind of pornographic....we ordered the who's your daddy, taste like my x-girlfriend, screaming orgasm and the happy ending. Don't ask me why, since they also have all kinds of normal sushi rolls like princes Deana with orgasm sauce, sex on the beach, the Tijuana express and the Mexican roll, but they just sounded too familiar, like I had them before. Prices are reasonable, you would pay way more for all that at a massage parlor and not leave as happy, so next time you're in the neighborhood make sure to give them a try, you'll be an instant fan....but then who isn't a fan of a good happy ending?...........roll.
5	Amazing! The #32 - Kelly D is amazing. Absolutely to die for. Also dont forget the #79 Monkey special with eel sauce and a deep fried banana!Best Sushi in Vegas
3	Let's start with the positives:1. Service-- Excellent! My drink was refilled, and my dirty plates were cleared off instantly.2. Clean restaurant, and nicely decorated. 3. *****BONUS**** - 2 flat screen televisions were on during dinner-showing the NBA finals.4. Sushi roll was good (my wife and I go with the cucumber rolls w/ avocado). This is a good option for those who really don't like seafood all that much.Negatives:1. The salad which is part of the 2-item dinner special had way too much dressing on it. 2. The bulgoki beef was disappointing. The flavor was ok, but the beef itself was a little soggy and fatty.From my experience, there are better sushi places in the area. I love Sushi, and Momo sushi come to mind.
4	Solid 4. We were in the area doing Father's Day things and I searched "nearby sushi bars" on yelp. This place happened to come up 1st. We were craving some sushi and walked in to an almost empty restaurant. I was so glad...I ordered edamame (generous portion), 2 avacado cucumber rolls, a 2 item dinner special with bulgoki, and a side of rice. Oh yeah, my hubby had a coke.  We ended up with a 35.00 bill. Not bad! Affordable and quality food. The only thing I would change about my experience is asking them to not be so liberal with the dressing for the salad. Its very good but its strong. Also, the bulgoki was slightly like a stew which I've never seen before. Even still, it was hella good. Yay Spicy Tuna!
5	By far my favorite sushi place in Henderson!  Never disappoints.  Total fav's are the Grand Canyon Roll, Crunchybug Roll, Screaming O and Tijuana Special.If you love sushi, you will adore Spicy Tuna!!
5	Excellent!!  Very good Sushi and great Service.
5	Eddie makes the best sushi and always greats us when we arrive.  He remembers details about our family and makes us feel welcome.  The food is amazing and great prices for sushi!
5	Everything here is amazing! This is the only sushi place I go to!! Highly recommend D's Guys Special roll!
4	Came for lunch on a Friday afternoon.. The place was bustling and the staff seated me immediately. I ordered the edamame while waiting for my lunch partner, which came in a huuuuge bowl. They also offer a spicy edamame, which I didn't try (spicy food is not my friend). The menu is HUGE and can be overwhelming. We ordered four or five rolls. Service was fast and prices were pretty good! $10-$15 per roll. I like the effort and creativity they put into it - you'll see combos here you'd never even think of! I'd definitely come back, but just plan to spend some time looking over the menu. Great spot for a lunch date or happy hour!
4	This is quiet place off of Eastern right next to Trader Joes.  The staff is very nice and the food is great.  Try the D's Guys roll, which I believe to be their best roll.  They are open late.
4	Great rolls here!! Joe's Special and also Screaming Orgasm is the bomb!
5	AMAZING ROLLS!!  The creativity is AMAZING!  The quality of fish is like that of a 5 star restaurant.  You will never get bored here.  There's over 100 rolls!  I always order the Kelly D and then try something new each time.  The rolls aren't loaded down with rice like with AYCE and the people that work there are fantastic!!
3	Average sushi. Very friendly staff.
3	Food was good. Sauces were nice but needed a little temperment. Definitely going back though. Service is on point. Could go a little slower perhaps.
4	Where great ambiance and great sushi collide. I've had some of my favorite rolls of all time here. Not the best when it comes to California Rolls, but some of the other options are pretty much fantastic. Very cool dining area as well. I make a point to visit this place at least once a week for a little sake and a lot of sushi. They also typically have sports on their several TVs, which is definitely a plus for me.
4	I LOVE this place!  Each roll is SUPER creative and you really can't go wrong!I am a huge fan of their hand rolls and they were more then accommodating when I visited last time and asked them to go light on the mayo! The sushi chef showed me as he was making it to be sure it was ok! THANK YOU!I always have the spicy ramen soup and its SO GOOD! I also love their garlic edamame and the ashley roll (obsessed with LEMON slices on my rolls; nice fresh burst of lemony goodness!I wish they had a working web-site because I love to have the option to choose my roll before I go (I am super weird sometimes and like to PRE-SELECT everything so I don't drive my friends nuts when I can't decide).  I had the Birthday Roll on my birthday, nice surprise! I definitely LOL'D at that one!
5	All I can say is I am super picky with my sushi after eating it in Japan at the Tsukiji fish market... and this is ORGASMIC!!!Zero complaints!
5	Today a group of us came by to have some well needed friend time and enjoy what else?  Some great sushi!When you walk into this place, you are greeted by the hostess station on the left and a huge sushi bar area, front and center.  I could tell this place really focuses on the sushi bar style which is dramatic and eye catching!  On the sides, you literally have intimate cubbie sections for you and a date or a nice quiet family dinner.  There are TVs in the place that plays various Asian shows.  I really enjoyed the decor.  Dramatic stained glass lighting, Japanese lanterns, cloth paneling with Asian inspired pictures and Kanji galore!  This place definitely gets a 5 star in my book for the decor :)For my meal, I got a great deal!  Their lunch special is only $8.95 and offers A LOT of food!  On my plate, I started with a bowl of their miso soup.  Filled with seaweed and tofu, this miso was delish!  As an added bonus, the table got a couple of cups filled with lightly salty edamame.  Makes me feel healthy!  On the lunch special, you can choose 2 items from a list of about 20!!  I chose the chicken katsu and grilled makarel.  The chicken katsu was AH-MAZE-ING!!  White meat lightly breaded and deep fried.  Their katsu sauce was more on the savory-tangy side and sooo my type!  The grilled makarel was nicely charred and super flaky.  YUM!!  Garnished with a couple of slices of lemon.  Both were served over a bed of shredded cabbage.  On top of all that, this special is served with white rice, seasoned with furikake, or seaweed rice seasoning with sesame seeds.  People, we're not done yet!  This dish also comes with a salad thats topped with a mustard based dressing.  Usually when I go to sushi joints, I expect a salad with a vinegar-ginger based dressing as it's everywhere, so I REALLY appreciated a change.  Lastly, this special came with a couple of fried gyoza stuffed with pork and half of an egg roll.  The entire special was finished with a wedge of orange.  WOW, what a steal!  I was in lunch special heaven.  Everything was so good and just the right amount. Our table also got other things like the garlic edamame.  I loved the garlic flavor and the hint of spiciness.  Really knocked it out of the park in the game of edamame!  Man, oh man!  For the value of a lunch meal, how can you go wrong?!  This place rocked!  Great company, great food, great atmosphere.  Definitely coming back, I will!  Oh, and you should too!!!
4	At my office this place has become a favorite lunch location. I really enjoy their sashimi salad with orgasm sauce...Great portions and YUMMY
5	LOVE this place!!! I have been here at least 5 times..it's in my regular top 3 spots for sushi. The fish is always fresh and the service is great. My kids frequently come with me too eat and they are always so nice and patient with them. My 2 year was a little cranky one night and my server went in the back and peeled her a orange like a flower..very sweet.  The food is fantastic! Love every roll I had. The size of the roll is great and it doesn't fall apart.  I also had the fried rice and my daughter had chicken fingers..all of it great and so fresh!!Price is relativley the same as any other sushi place...can't wait to go back!!!
5	They have hands down the best ramen soup ever!!
4	Spicy Tuna! This is a sushi bar in a strip mall nestled between a couple of large anchor stores. My server was great, I never had to wait for anything.The decor is extremely nice; open, airy and very clean. There are tables by the wall that are each separated by a partition, a nice touch. the sushi bar itself is huge, it takes up almost the entire center of the restaurant. The fish was delicious. Very fresh and nicely presented. I also felt the price paid for my food was extremely reasonable, a very good deal for some excellent sushi.I look forward to my next visit; the food was so good I can't wait to sample some of their other offerings!
4	This place is pretty nice and the sushi is pretty good albeit very specialized to their chef's likings.  The menu is virtually endless with more than 100 different rolls and then topped off with the different chef variations.  One thing I will say that with all this variety, it's difficult to get a sense of what's good and what's not since each roll, no matter if it's one that you've had before can be different each time you go.  Also, the prices are a little high with many of their rolls being over $10 and some even topping $15.  While I think their sushi is worth the price, it was still a bit of a shock the first time we went there and our meal for two was $100 including tip and no alcohol.  With all that, we'll still go back as everything seems to always be delicious and the service is way above par.
4	This little hole in the wall is one of the best sushi places I've been to. And I've been to a lot! Every roll is delicious. I just wish they had all you can eat!
1	I went here on Christmas eve with a party of 6 for lunch. The place was near empty, yet the chubby server would not let us sit at a bigger table. Instead we were crammed together at a table that had six chairs but should have only had four. The whole time we ate, bumping elbows and all, we stared at the larger table right next to us that no one ever sat at. Thanks a lot.
4	The sushi was good, and I found out they make some Korean .  Next time I will try that out if it is good I may bump it up to 5 stars.
5	Excellent sushi. Excellent service. Worth every penny!  With so many choices to choose from, this place is my favorite.  They buy the largest tunas I've seen.
4	Before Spicy Tuna, I was not a fan of sushi. It was okay, but nothing I craved. Now, I wake up craving the Grand Canyon - the mother of all sushi rolls. It's like amazing in your mouth. If you can, request Jake as your server. He knows all of the millions of rolls available and is an expert waiter. If you can dream it, it's on the menu. The only hard part is making a decision!
5	Fresh fish, creative rolls/dishes, friendly and helpful staff. Chef had good recommendations based upon our preferences. Will return.
5	I fly into Vegas about twice a month and always make it a point to have some amazing sushi here. Eddie and his staff are fun and make you feel like family. I have eaten here about 40 times and looking forward to the next 40.  It also happen to be next door to Trader Joe's. The best food store in America!!!
1	I am so disappointed in this place. I had a AMEX gift card and I asked if I could use it here. The server said yes..so we sat ordered our drinks and then the server comes back and said we couldn't use it. So, we left. Last time I checked a gift card was the same as cash..annoyed because I really like this place. Not sure if I'll go back
5	This is my fave sushi place in town. The atmosphere is nice, service varies but the selection is great. They are the best ones for some healthy options. The Bar roll and the Screaming orgasm both don't have rice and are delicious!
5	My favorite sushi in Henderson. The staff was very friendly and helped entertain my baby by making faces and dancing for him while I ate my sushi. I love the cucumber salad, the multiple o, d's guy roll, and Justin's special. If I could afford it I would eat here twice a week!
5	The whole family loves this place!  Owner Eddie adds a personal touch .  We always sit at the bar and have never had bad service...so I'm not sure what's up with the other reviews.  We've been going to Spicy Tuna for years and it is always the first choice.  The names of some of the rolls might be a little scary for some, but don't let that scare you away!  You can always order by number.
1	I won't be back! I didn't appreciate the staff mocking me. I know my server could speak perfect English, but instead put on a show while laughing behind my back. I've been to many sushi places around town and there is nothing special about this one.
1	Worst service ever!! First off my daughter and I only ordered 2 rolls. The first one came out wrong and we noticed half way through. The server proceeded to try to take the plate as my daughter was eating from it!! Not to mention we were never asked if we wanted drinks nor brought water until half way through our meal I had to ask for drinks. The correct roll was then brought out but by then we were done AND I was charged for it!
5	This is by far the best sushi restaurant around! I frequent this restaurant as often as I can, which is probably once a month. Try the Kyle Special-- it is fabulous! Spicy Tuna is consistent and absolutely delicious every time. Five stars!
5	Best sushi in Vegas!
5	The sushi here is really good, but the service is even better.  I can't say enough about how friendly and helpful the staff is.  I'm just sad this place is so far from my house!
5	Definitely the best place in town for sushi. It is hard for me to go to other sushi spots because I always compare it to Spicy Tuna. Nothing beats that place! The Grand Canyon Roll is the best item on the menu and the complimentary cucumber salad is great. Also, when sitting at the bar the chefs are great to chat with! Love this place!!
5	Best sushi place in Vegas area. I drive all the way across town just to eat here. All other sushi restaurants are disappointing in comparison!
5	This place is the ISH!! I am a regular at this sushi joint for multiple reasons but the top reason I always crave and return here is the sushi is out of this world amazing!  Whenever I have any clients around this area or friends in town from out of state - This is THE spot I take them for grub and now I even have people requesting we go whenever they are in town.  The bites are HUGE and the rolls are filling.(This is why a lot of fellas take dates there to get an idea of how big their mouth opens if you know what I mean!) I love spicy food!  The Kiss of Fire and NRES specials are two of my favorite.  Most days when i go in with a craving I tell Eddie or Gonzo what i want and they create some fabulous monstrous roll which I inhale with pure satisfaction EVERY time!  The service staff and the sushi chefs are all wonderful!  This place is by far the best sushi in town.  Do not  pass by this place for another joint.  This is not an "All You Can Eat" place and the rolls range up to $15 but most are around $11-$13 ish. You will be super full off less rolls because of the larger size of the rolls.  If you are a sake drinker...Try the Raspberry Sake - It is a cold and sweet yet sour and so very delicious sake! The chef will even do a little sake bomb with you too! This place is very fun and casual! It is not a fancy place but the food is will one up and top any other place you have been!  Anyways...quit reading and start munching!  Geez...Now I am craving some of the rolls from Spicy Tuna! I think all of this food review is working up an appetite for me, maybe I will see you there some time!  You can try one of my special creations if you mention my name or just look on the menu! Enjoy! Arigato!
1	If I could give 0 stars I would.... Absolute worst sushi and calamari I have ever had! The calamari was rubbery and tasted like they bought it frozen from Costco. I could have bought better sushi from smiths or vons. Service was great, they understood my dissappointment. Sapporo was superb!
5	It seems i have finally found a decent sushi place that is not in a casino or ridiculously over priced! YES! Service was prompt and polite, definitely 5 stars there. The location is easy to find and i was surprised at how large the actual inside was. I like how the tables are separated by walls so you get kind of a private intimate feeling. The decor was fun and so were the spoon pens. The staff were pleasant and clearly having a good time. the sushi chefs were clearly enjoying themselves and having fun interacting with guess who were sitting at the bar. Food was excellent. I ordered a spider roll, a tuna cut roll, and steamed mussels and my friend ordered the yuppee roll (not sure on the spelling but it was similar to that). Everything was A+ and tasted so delicious and fresh. Definitely coming back to try more of their rolls, they have sooo many special rolls i couldnt even read through them all but some of the names and descriptions gave me a good laugh. Yay!
5	First time here tonight with a friend and it was simply amazing! Normally, I go to AYCE sushi places so I was skeptical about the amount of food for the prices, but Spicy Tuna did not disappoint. The little dish of cucumber salad with the mustardy sauce right from the start was fantastic!  I ordered the I Love Sushi Roll and the OG Special and they were fantastic, not overly spicy and the garlic ponzu sauce was not overpowering. The edamame was cooked perfectly. My friend had the Kelly D plate and it was a huge sushi salad like creation that she could not finish, nor could I attempting to assist.  Special tip, the lemonade flavored sake is bomb! It's so delish, which is probably why we could not finish the Kelly D.  Sushi chefs are fun, vibrant, and helpful.  Great girls night out for dinner tonight and I'll definitely be back probably with my parents who are sushi newbies and scared of the raw stuff. There are a lot of rolls that have shrimp tempura and/or crab in them that I think they'd be willing to dive into and I'm not kidding...my parents are crazy!
5	This is one of my favorite places to come for sushi. The waitress is super sweet, sushi chefs are friendly, food is excellent. I just finished my complimentary sliced orange they give you for dessert. Yum!
5	love this place  everyone is so nice and the food is awesome! Eddie is the man. He always remembers me and my boyfriend and our usual orders. More than satisfied every time!
5	This is the only sushi place we will go to in Vegas!  I used to be a fan of I Love sushi prior to finding this gem, but I never found the staff to be friendly.  Spicy Tuna has great service and amazing food!!   If you like fresh healthy options, get the Justin Special! You won't be disappointed!
4	Great sushi. I would rank it up there with I love sushi. Chili garlic edamame, crunch roll add cream cheese and jay special is the usual got to.
4	This review only covers my visit yesterday at lunchtime when I ordered nigiri a la carte, but I was very happy with my experience.  I was very surprised to see how large this restaurant is when I walked in - I expected it to be a narrow place but it is huge, and the sushi bar itself is the restaurant centerpiece and must seat like 30??  A few diners were trickling out when I arrived, but I came at 1:30 on a Wednesday so I wasn't expecting a wild crowd.I sat at the bar in front of Chef Han, who was very personable.  We chatted about all sorts of things like travel and food while I leisurely sat and ate.  I got hot green tea which was exactly what I needed getting over my cold and with the weather changing.I ordered salmon, mackerel, and whole scallop nigiri.  The seafood was very fresh and the cuts were generous.  The mackerel was perfectly cured.  There was less rice than I prefer but I know some people would like that.  Lastly, I ordered a yellowtail scallion handroll but ended up with a cut roll.  I decided to just take it because I think in the end I got a lot more of the yellowtail-scallion than I would have with a handroll anyway, and it was really quite fatty and delicious.  I was full from that, but Chef Han offered me orange with plum wine.  I never eat the oranges but my sister-in-law is a doctor and told me to drink OJ when I was sick, so this was the next best thing (plum wine makes it all better)!I enjoyed another cup of hot tea while chatting with the chef before heading out to Trader Joe's next door.  This was a nice, quiet lunch experience with decent sushi, so I probably would pop in here again.  They are known for rolls but I think the nigiri is worth returning for again.  No AYCE here in case you are curious.
5	Right next to Trader Joes, Spicy Tuna is in an unassuming place, but it is a real gem.  The restaurant is comfortable, with nice big private booths and my absolute favorite Las Vegas roll: the "Grand Canyon Roll," which I first experienced at Sushi Fever on the other side of town.  You see women meeting for lunch, families and couples all enjoying the food and atmosphere of Spicy Tuna.  If you are a low carb eater, they have great sashimi choices and the bento boxes are perfect for kids.
4	This place is a solid 4 star place.  Good sushi, great atmosphere.  The entire staff is fun and polite.  I especially like the Lisa Hand Roll and the Grand Canyon is an interesting selection.
5	Update: I brought my parents here, and while mom is still freaked out by anything sushi, refusing to listen that not all sushi means raw fish, she was hell bent on getting chicken. She ordered the chicken katsu meal and LOVED IT! Best fried chicken she's had she said!  Dad, was the adventurous one and had a 007 roll, and I ordered another for us to try and shockingly enough, he ate his first piece of raw tuna...loved it!  We took a copy of the menu so when he goes back to Florida, they understand the lingo and what rolls he would like. Lol I love them.    Will definitely be back w/ my brother and sister-in-law when they come to visit!  Service is still A++++
5	There are so many sushi places on Eastern, but Spicy Tuna is definitely worth a try! The service is great, and everything is pretty fresh. With that said, I love their fried soft-shell crab probably the best.
5	Spicy Tuna is my favorite Sushi spot in Vegas. The restaurant is always clean & presentable and the staff are pleasant & attentive. This is a great place for weekday lunches with plenty of private booths for business. The food is soooooo good! My favorite dish is the Grand Canyon roll. I'd never had anything like it before! A California roll smothered in onion sauce loaded with mushrooms, shrimp and scallops. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! The have a small but delicious Sake selection which the staff is well versed in and can recommend the best for your tastes. They are very accommodating to special diets as my boyfriend is diabetic and they can use cucumber instead of rice for your rolls.Other than the delicious food and great service you will definitely remember their playlist. This is the only sushi place that plays r&b and top 40 music with videos or the game on the screens. It's pretty awesome!
5	I walk in on a Friday night around 9:30..I definitely expected it to be crowded but it wasn't! Nonetheless, I've been here several times and the sushi and salads are yummy. Tonight, the waiters were extra friendly and kept me company while I was having dinner alone. Great food and some of the nicest chefs/waiters. Try the Mike Special roll!
1	One Star for SUSHI ONLY!  It was Sunday for Hells Sake!!  Service was HORRIBLE!  The woman running the joint was condescending and rude!  Not only did we want to order more sushi, we wanted to order more alcohol!  We are normally excellent tippers!  However given the fact we received no refills, no wasabi, no ginger, NO SERVICE = NO TIP!
5	Spicy Tuna is one of our favorite sushi spots!  The Kelly D roll is so good and different from anything we've seen, its a must have!  The restaurant is clean and the service is good.
5	The best sushi by far!!! Very fresh and creative!
5	This is another restaurant we have been to multiple times and always are happy with our meal.The quality of fish (Salmon and Yellowtail) are amazing and it melts in your mouth...mmmmmmm!One of our favorite rolls is the Ting's Roll, which is now on their menu.  It was one of those, secret menu items.  If you order the Ting's Roll, make sure that you come with an appetite!!
5	Delicious and fresh sushi!! The staff were friendly and funny! Will def be coming back!!
4	My friend who lives in Henderson recommended this place so we decided to go. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and off we went to our table place is nicely put together the wait staff was on point. The sushi was really good we had an array of rolls. Also had the ice cream which was good as well. Sure I'll be back when I'm in the area!
5	Amazing place to stop for sushi. Always good service and the sushi is great! Good thing we live so close.
4	Great Sushi. Staff is quick, the rolls are fresh. Try the lettuce hand roll and one of my favs is D's guys special...the rolls pictured is the lettuce wrap & D's Guys. One of my rules is not to have fish in the desert but there are always exceptions to the rules and Spicy Tuna is one of those exceptions.
5	I've been to a considerable amount of sushi places in Las Vegas... And I have to say that this one is my favorite so far! They don't have AYCE but it doesn't matter to me, I never do that anyway. If you like edamame, their garlic edamame is the best one I've had at any sushi places. You must get it. As far as their sushi goes, I never get rolls, but I always get nigiri and their fish is super fresh!
5	Best sushi place in town and the only place I'll go. Their fish is always top quality and everyone is very attentive. Make sure to ask for their spicy ponzu sauce...it's amazing.
5	If you want phenomenal sushi and the best staff around, Spicy Tuna is your spot. I have never had a bad meal here. Order the Justin Roll, the Double D, or the Lisa Hand Roll if you want to impress your date. This place is a can't miss, and once you meet the staff, you won't want to ever leave. Hopefully, you'll get Eddie(owner), or Gonzo to make your rolls, and David to be your server. He'll keep you laughing all night. I can't say enough good things about this place. JUST TRY IT!
3	After having a couple different people recommend this place I thought we would give it a try. We are big "I love sushi" fans so when I was told the owner of Spicy Tuna used to be the head chef there I was excited. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and were seated quickly. We were given edamame and a tiny cucumber salad (about two bites). the cucumber salad was delicious, just wish it was a little bigger. The edamame were cold and not very good.We ordered a few different pieces of sushi, a couple rolls and one specialty roll. The food came out very quickly and we were constantly checked on by several different people.Unfortunately I was not impressed with the sushi. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either, just middle of the road. It was presented nicely but nothing struck me as really good. I gave Spicy Tuna 3 stars mostly for the great service. If it wasn't for that, it would have been 2 stars. I will stick with I love sushi in the future.
2	Their food was ok it seemed very sweet for my taste we had the Kyle special and the dan role.  The service was mediocre there were only two tables occupied including ours upon our arrival, after five minutes of waiting we had to find the waitress to order.  I would recommend kaizen or sushi mon  if your on this side of town both have better food and superior service
4	This is a pretty solid non-AYCE joint in Henderson/Anthem area. My husband and I were in the area and I have had this place bookmarked forever, plus it was recently recommended by Matt S, so deciding where to have early dinner was no brainer.We started with a couple of (underwhelming) appetizers: Calamari Tempura and Bacon Maki. I was not impressed with either selection and let my husband finish both. The calamari was 90% scrape-the-roof-of-your-mouth-raw tempura with a small chewy bit of octopus. Bacon Maki was scallop wrapped in bacon - I mean I am a fan of anything wrapped in bacon, but this combo didn't work for me. The bacon tasted rubbery, old and microwaved. We ordered salmon nigiri and scallop nigiri and both were fantastic. The cuts of fish were quite large on a tiny bed of rice, and most importantly, they were fresh.We ordered 3 rolls of sushi as I typically like to balance out my rolls. I generally opt for a havier baked roll, a spicy roll, and a very simple and fresh roll. We went with:Sun Devil RollSmoked salmon, cream cheese, avocado, ebi, spicy crab, sliced jalapeno, served w/ yum yum  (4/5)Rainbow RollFresh tuna, salmon, yellowtail, shrimp, halibut on top of california roll (5/5)Kiss of Fire W/ Extra Spicy SauceShrimp tempura, spicy soft shell crab, spicy tuna, crab, cucumber, albacore (4/5)We topped it off with two orders of mochi.The total pre tip was ~$70 and based on the portion and quality of the fish, it was well worth the money. The interior is spacious and clean, and appears to have the neighborhood appeal judging by some of the regulars that were there. The service was friendly and accomodating.I would both recommend this place to others and come back myself.
4	D's Guys roll was so yummy. Atmosphere, service, and food was all great. Competes with my usual sushi restaurants just fine :)
5	Hands down my favorite local sushi spot. We have been eating here for 3 years and absolutely love it! The service is always awesome - and the food never disappoints. Their crab salad is amazing, and the Mexican and Johnny rolls are a must-try. Also love the 007 roll, and of course if you want to go with a basic roll their shrimp tempura is a slam dunk every time!
5	One of the best sushi places we've been to here in Vegas - and we've tried quite a few. When we moved to this side of Henderson, we were anxious to find a joint that would meet our sushi needs: tasty, fresh and generously made, without a ridiculous price tag. Spicy Tuna did not disappoint. Consistently great service and great food. Loyal customers!
4	The sushi rolls here have great flavor and textures combined. I love that there's daily specials although don't fall in love with any of them, as they tend to not remember how to make old specials. TVs around the bar make it convenient to catch a game and food at the same time.  The bar is the fastest way to get your food and service. Table is fine but they seems to have a team effort on attending tables. Sometimes I get refills/service when needed, sometimes I feel no ownership. Wouldn't recommend take out unless you call ahead. My last take out took over 25 minutes and the place wasn't that busy.  It's the rolls that keep me coming back. Try Ds guy, mike special, crunch bug, and Kelly D!!
5	Huge variety of sushi rolls. Staff was super friendly and helpful. They asked my hubby what he liked and recommended a roll with all his favorite stuff. The sushi was fresh and delicious and there was about 10 pieces per roll. Nom nom! Definitely be going back soon.
5	I usually stick to one and only one sushi place but this is near my work so I decided to call in an order.. I got dynamite and it was amazing!! Unlike any before. A bit pricey but defiantly worth it!!
5	This is hands down the best sushi joint I have found in Vegas. Everything is fresh and amazing. Lunch special is 10 bucks and you get a ton of food. Definitely worth every penny. I rarely eat out and when I'm looking for somewhere nice, this is first on the list. Can't wait to come back!
4	OnOrdered tiger roll #64  to go for quick lunch. It was fresh and didn't disappoint. Will be back
4	We LOVE sushi and this restaurant really has fresh and tasty food.  There must be 1000 sushi restaurants in Las Vegas and it is overwhelming sometimes and difficult to choose.  For the price - this long narrow hallway of an ultimately large restaurant has exactly what you want if you are craving for fresh (non-fishy) sushi.  It may not be something the kids will get excited about - but if you have a chance to get there with the adults in your life - you will enjoy the atmosphere, the food and the prices.
5	I REALLY love sushi; it's probably my favorite cuisine. My favorite sushi place in Las Vegas is, without a doubt, Spicy Tuna. (My second fav is I Love Sushi just south of this place.) It's a good atmosphere, for sure, but the sushi chefs make the scene. Some of them are just downright hilarious, and they sure seem to work together well. The Salmon is exceptional and the sushi is very high grade. Prices are standard, the roll list is anything but.FAVORITE ROLL EVER: The Thing Roll with Carrot on topThis roll is exceptional. It's a soft shell crab roll with loads of fixins, topped with fried shredded carrot (instead of the mushroom straws they put on the standard Thing.) It has it's own special sauce that's kinda spicy and definitely sweet. MMMMMM!!! It's a BIG roll, especially with the pile of carrots on it.
5	GREAT!!! All around! We came in 30 minutes before closing typically anywhere you go you feel rushed around closing time. Our server was great super welcoming and continued to serve us with patients. He never made us feel rushed, he checked up on us always at the right time. The rolls where very different well worth it! We will definitely be back here! I'm glad we found this place.
5	Best sushi spot ever if you go to Nevada got to go and try it I've been going here since 2009 can't visit Nevada without going to spicy tuna what's up Eddie
5	It's always a pleasure eating at Spicy Tuna. The fish is always fresh, every roll I've ever tried is delicious, the customer service is great, the establishment is clean and their prices are affordable! :) It's between Sushi Kaya & Spicy Tuna, can't decide which is the best place for Sushi in Vegas!
4	I'm not sure what it is about sushi places that the food is good but the service is terrible. Spicy Tuna is no exception to this rule. The food is amazing and comes out quickly but as soon as it's out, don't expect to see your server again for drink refills or even your check till long after your done. I'm a regular and considering how many times I've been here I find it a bit astounding that I always have to ask for wasabi and ginger. It's a sushi place.... shouldn't they just bring it automatically?Try the Jay special. It's amazing.
4	Not my favorite, but the food was solid. Many of the rolls were larger than expected, however the rock n roll (my favorite) was a bit small. The prices were fair but no all you can eat. I would eat here again, but it would not be my pick.
4	After 15 years of loyal patronage to I Love Sushi, it seems as though the tide has turned down Eastern a bit to a newer strip mall sushi joint, Spicy Tuna. I had heard good things from friends and family, so my parents and I decided to stop in for an early dinner around 5pm last week. There were only two other tables occupied, so I knew service was going to be great BUT instead, it took about 15 minutes to get a glass of water and give someone our drink order. Yikes. The food quality however, made up for it! Quickly too, for our table was packed with sushi and appetizers in a matter of minutes. We started with the bacon maki, wrapped in scallops which was alright, a little chewy for my taste. The Arizona roll which I thought was by far the best, fresh salmon and avocado which I garnished with thinly sliced lemon. Superb! A HUGE portion of steaming yaki soba which was honestly the sweetest surprise of the whole meal. The flavors were so rich and sweet but not cloying and the vegetables tender and plentiful. Made for great leftovers too! Other sushi highlights were the D's roll, which was piled high with "cones" of spicy tuna mixture that looked like hats or some sort of whirling dervish, and the Kyle's special which was also another little saucy number, topped with a variety of fresh fish: albacore, salmon, yellowtail, and shrimp. Filling, flavorful, and FRESH.
5	I've been eating at Spicy Tuna since they opened and I've never been disappointed. Always incredible staff, incredible fish, and a wonderful experience. I can't say enough good things about this place!
5	I love all of the different kinds of sushi rolls they have here. It's always a good thing when too many things sound good on the menu that you have a hard time picking which ones. The sushi is always fresh.
4	OK, the time has come for me to write a review for Spicy Tuna Sushi. I have been here a handful of times. It is a weird feeling, the wife and I feel bad each and every time, shhhh we are cheating on our regular sushi spot. However, there is no sense in denying it any longer. Spicy Tuna is our new spot. The spicy, garlic edammame is by far the best in town as is their green tea.We are still trying to figure out our favorite rolls though. We love Burning night Screaming O, Kyle's roll and their Screaming O. We have pretty much gone through the entire menu now and honestly, you can't go wrong.The only knock is that the fish is ice cold when served, not a bad thing since you know they are keeping it on ice, its just a little off putting when you bite into a roll.Everyone should be trying out this spot, you will catch us their Friday nights!
5	Every time we've been here, the service has been fantastic. The staff is so friendly which makes the entire dining experience so great. You really can't go wrong with any of the rolls. D's Guy Special and the Kiss of Fire rolls are particularly delicious. It's an awesome neighborhood spot, great servers and staff.
