4	I purchased  2 King's Cakes for Fat Tuesday (work party).  I was originally going to actually make the cakes myself until I thought to call Barb's Bakery.  I drive by there all the time and see the cute sign with the muffin for an "a" in Barb's name.  They had king cakes and not too pricey!  So I went over and picked them up.... I could just sit in the bakery and sniff the air for a living but since I have a theory that smelling something good instantly makes my thighs fatter, I will pass.The King Cakes were tasty (so I hear).I want to go back and get some cookies or something to see how those taste. 4 stars for Barb's!
4	So I thought I was getting a chocolate cake with Kahlua cream frosting.  Sounded good since we were having a luau.  Cut into the cake later that night to find that it was four layers of white cake with coffee/esspresso brushed on each layer then filled and covered with the awesome Kahlua cream frosting! Yum.
4	Used to special order birthday cakes from Karsh's, but service and execution is consistently better at Barb's. Prices recently went up - my last custom quarter sheet ran about $70 -  but they'll make you a delicious cake that's a work of art or a fun conversation piece. Not Charm Cty/Ace of Cakes "wow" factor, where money is no object, but these are experienced bakers who care about your satisfaction and who seem to enjoy a good challenge. They'll consult with you, discuss options, take the necessary time to get it right. I've always been pleased with their final interpretations.
5	Let me start by saying yummy! Barb's did a fantastic job on my birthday cake! My sister ordered me a 4 layer magical marble cake with Grand Marnier filling and Butter cream frosting! It was sooooo moist and flavorful! In my opinion and several of my guests it was a much better tasting cake then Tammy Coe. It is less expensive as well. I also received a Red Velvet cupcake. It was the best red velvet cupcake ever!
5	TOO bad Barb's is located on the way to my son's school...I get into SOOO much trouble here.  Barb's has been doing my family's birthday cakes for years and they never disappoint.  Great staff and it seems they can do anything!!  the best carrot cakes and red velvet cupcakes.  yes,  all goodies are sweet...and YES the icing is thick and sugary..but, this is how pastries,cakes, and cookies should be!!  I give out their seasonal decorated cookies to friends and I always get props for being the the "best friend ever"!
5	There's not much more to say than has already been said, so I'll be brief.  Barb's is such a great bakery.  Their cupcakes are eye candy and taste even better than they look.  If you're a fan of red velvet, please be sure to try one of theirs - they are wonderful!  When they haven't sold out, Barb's decorated sugar cookies are awesome.  The cookie itself isn't very sweet, but the icing more than makes up for that.  Enjoy!
4	My sister was craving cookies so I immediately turned to Yelp for suggestions nearby. I wanted to try a small bakery and there was Barb's. I've driven by it several times and not sure why I never tried it. But here we were. The case was full of delicious looking cakes. Oooey Gooey cake, cheesecake, cookies, brownies just to name a few. But we went with the raspberry cheesecake brownie, the tiramisu and a donut. Yes! They have donuts there!The lady who helped us was very nice. We asked about the different cakes and treats and she was very helpful even though it was hard to make a decision.As soon as we got in the car, my sister hoovered the donut before I could even ask to have some. I dove into the first pastry- the cheesecake was soft and semi-tart with the raspberry preserve layer separating that from the rich chocolate brownie underneath. MMMM.However, the tiramisu was, in the words of Oprah, AHHH-MAAAAZZZING! Soft creams with coffee flavors and covered with chocolate sprinkles. I wish I didn't have to share.The prices were really reasonable. It was about $2 for each of the pastry and i think $0.50 for the donut. I would definitely come here again to get my dessert fix.
4	Barb's been here for 38 years and hasn't lost it's touch!  Took a dear friend that's been in the Valley for a number of years but never heard of it. We each ate a Danish and took some home-if that tells you anything! Can't go wrong!Reason for 4 stars is I feel it's time to remodel or  spruce it up. Your interior doesn't need to look 38 years old.
4	I don't live in Phoenix, but I was planning a surprise baby shower IN Phoenix, so I turned to Yelp to find the best-tasting cakes in the area. Barb had the highest reviews, so I placed an order for a custom cake. Total cost was about $70 (which I was to pay when I picked up). We ordered a 1/2 sheet cake (chocolate) with strawberry filling and butter cream frosting. We had this special detail (a baby blanket) on top which cost an extra $20, but judging by the picture would be well worth it because it looked so cute.When I went to pick it up, I asked for a red velvet cupcake because I had read they had the best red velvet cupcakes anywhere. The only reason I'm rating 4 stars instead of 5 is because of that cupcake -- it wasn't fresh or moist. The icing was delicious, but I didn't love the cupcake. But the cake for the shower -- O. M. G. People were going absolutely nuts over this cake. It was hands-down, the BEST cake I've ever eaten at ANY kind of party or celebration, EVER. Moist, fresh, tasty, gorgeous, delicious. Five stars for that cake, for sure. So I would definitely custom-order a fresh cake and not pick a cupcake out of the case. :-) The people there were all VERY helpful and friendly - the guy even carried the cake out to my car.
3	I tried their chocolate cupcake with buttercream frosting and loved the cake but not the topping. I will certainly return though to try their other goodies!
5	My husband and I wound up here after attempting to go to the "Other" cupcake place in Phoenix, only to find it was closed - for a MONTH AND A HALF!Anyway, Barb's is AMAZING!  Super friendly staff that makes you feel welcome and greets you with a smile...  And although I am typically ALL about red velvet cupcakes, I went for a cosmo - and it was nothing short of delicious.My husband had a mini cheesecake with the "choose your own topping" and he said it was awesome too.I think that for all future cupcake runs we will be headed to Barb's!
5	Barb's takes me back to childhood memories of my father taking me to a couple of his favorite sweet spots which were great then but can't compare to the goodies that come from here. My favorite is the bear claw filled with sweet cinnimon and topped with a drizzle of white icing and almonds. My girlfriend's favorite is the rasberry and cheese danish. The pastry is a light buttery flavorful compliment to the fresh rasberry flavor. My mouth is waterying just describing it! Be sure to stop by on Saturday's before 9 a.m. at the latest to be able to choose from a wide selction of pastries, cookies, mini cakes (like the red velvet cake). Mmmm. I also like that coffee and milk is available on the spot if you can't wait to savor the yummy deliciousness!
4	Great cupcakes, wonderful staff -- can't go wrong!Although I'm more into European buttercream than the much-sweeter American version (which Barb's uses), this bakery's cupcakes hit the spot.  Everything in the display window looked absolutely delicious, especially the tiramisu (at ~$2.00, too!), but I was in the mood for nothing but cupcakes, and so I ordered all 11 of their flavors, plus a second red velvet to make a dozen.  They've got some really tasty, creative flavors going on (especially the cosmo cupcake and ice cream sundae cupcake), and their take on classics are delicious as well (carrot cake!).  The frosting -- although sweeter than what I typically like -- was very good, and they definitely know how to bake their cake.  They seem to have a very nice staff, as well.  When I told the woman behind the counter that I heard online that Barb's was the place to get cupcakes in Phoenix, she simply smiled and replied, "That's because this IS the place!"  How did she know that I like my food with a side of swagger?Simply put, Barb's has got it goin' on, and I'll gladly return next time I'm Phoenix.  Maybe I'll try that tiramisu I was eyeing...
5	Ok so now Barb has 10 stars from me. We ordered a barbie cake with cookies and cupcakes. Everything was delicious. You cannot go wrong with Barbs. They are friendly and helpful. Reasonably priced and DELICIOUS!
5	Ive only been here for their donuts after a fellow employee brought some in.  If you want the freshest, most delicious donuts around, you have to come here.  I'm a simple glazed donuts person, so I usually get a couple of those.  But they do so much more than just donuts there too, just go in and check it out.
3	Ok cupcake.  Velvet topping is not soft
5	We came to Barb's Bakery to order our wedding cake.  We had cupcakes in mind, the nice gentleman helping us (I wish I could remember his name!) suggested we go with petit fours for a more elegant look.  We were able to choose 4 different flavors  (Chocolate, champagne, classic white and lemon) and have a separate cake for us to cut.  We left happy with our choices and the price (sooo much less than I thought it was going to be!).They were able to decorate each separate petit four with ribbon we provided, all 130 of them.  The cakes got RAVE reviews at our wedding and blew our expectations out of the water.  The petit fours were the perfect serving size and a lot easier to serve.  The cakes were moist, delicious, and the perfect dessert for our big day.We will definitely come here again!
5	I've been going to Barb's for years. Just ask my hips...If you need a delicious birthday cake, rich, wonderful cupcakes, or large sugar cookies with the BEST icing on them , Barb's is for you!Their cookies (as well as some other yummies) are sold at AJ's but don't bother getting them there--go to the source where they're fresh.This place usually has a line around the holidays, because people order their holiday yummies from Barb's. ...and it's ALWAYS worth a wait on a busy day...Consistent, delish, wonderful baked items are always available at Barb's....Worth the drive from anywhere!!!
5	We wanted 350 music note shaped cookies for the launch of a new product at work. I searched for specialty bakeries and found Barb's Bakery, as well as a few others. Barb's was the first to get back to my contact request, and we solidified our order within a few hours. I had a specific PMS color request for the frosting, and they nailed it. The cookies looked and tasted amazing! They wrapped them in individual bags and tied with a ribbon so it was easy for us to distribute them at the product launch. They even made us a few extras since the shape made them break fairly easily. They were such a hit, I actually caught people trying to take a few extra and hide them in their purse! Easy to work with, fast, and great quality. I highly recommend!
4	This past weekend I desperately needed a Mardi Gras King Cake for a party that I was attending. After many attempts, I could not get any bakeries in New Orleans to overnight me a cake. I did a little searching on the internet and found Barb's Bakery. I was impressed to see many good reviews on their baked goods. I called and the gentleman on the phone was very polite and said that they were proud to have "the best" King Cakes in Phoenix. I ordered one and picked it up the next day. I must say that the cake was indeed very close to what you would normally get in New Orleans (trust me on this because I'm from there) and I would most certainly buy from them again. I will also keep Barb's Bakery in mind should I ever need anything in the future. I love supporting local business, especially when the customer service is so great!
5	I got the most delicious carrot cake from Barb's the other day for my friends birthday. It was such a hit! The best carrot cake I have ever had. I was not surprised though. Everything I have ever had there was yummy. They have the greatest cheese danishes, red velvet cup cakes and cookies! They also took the extra time to write a message on the cake for me before I left.
4	I had the unfortunate task of helping a friend choose her wedding desserts from this bakery. HA! Unfortunate my tush!! Barb's knows cupcakes, ya'll. The cosmo cupcake is heavenly. I would pay my first born for that recipe! Ok, not really, but you get the idea. Said friend decided on the mini desserts of cheesecake, tiramisu, and chocolate mousse. At my table there was lively debate over which was the best, but sadly, no votes for the cheesecake. The mouse and tiramisu were phenomenal. My vote was for the tiramisu. Seriously. I could've used some alone time with it.
5	It is too bad that it's taken me a couple years to finally visit this bakery, considering how close we live to it!My husband and I have this "new" tradition of giving each other a bunch of different cupcakes for each other's birthday instead of a whole birthday cake. That way we can each try a variety. After reading the reviews and knowing how close Barb's is, I decided to try them out. First of all, apologies for not taking pictures of the bakery display -- I guess that gives me another excuse to visit them. But.... there were so many different types of cupcakes. Probably around a dozen different kinds. Nearly all of them were only $1.75 each. Yup, that's right -- $1.75 each!! The "special" ones were still only $2.25 each. I grabbed an assortment.... carrot cake, red velvet, cosmo, white w/ sprinkles, a petit four, and a coconut donut. The coconut-topped donut was my treat on the short car-ride home. It was pretty good. But later on, when I gave them to my husband we tried the carrot cake cupcake first. OMG!! Seriously, I think it was the BEST carrot cake concoction I have ever had. Seriously soo good... and the frosting was awesome too. Then the Cosmo - another OMG moment. Sooo good... loved the cranberry frosting filling inside. (i think?)Petit Four... OMG! Perfect... the cake was still so moist inside. Loved the frosting. Red Velvet -- my husband prefaced w/ he knew that I must've gotten that one for myself since he's not a huge fan; but... when he tried it, he said it's the first Red Velvet that he's liked. Soo good!And the white one w/ sprinkles -- well, ahhh.. my husband never saw that one. I had to "research" the cakes when I got home. But if he happens to read this review some day........ "Sorry!" (voice of Gilly)I will definitely go back to Barb's. Great service, great value, and great cupcakes!
5	I never knew Barb's was this close to my work!  The cupcakes are very reasonable priced (less than $1.5 to $2.25 each) and they are decorated so CUTE.  I bought all chocolates (2 chocolate, 2 brownie sundae, and 2 red velvet)!  They have much more than just cupcakes!  Cakes, brownies, donuts, etc.  Anything baked!!!  The employees are so nice and helpful too!
5	I finally had the chance to have a piece of cake from Barb's Bakery and although the five pounds I gained from the cake hate me, my sweet tooth thanks me for finding yet another fabulous Phoenix bakery! Holy moly. If you are a fan of cake and cake that's soft, moist, sweet, creamy and perfect all in one bite, this is your spot. Barb's is an adorable bakery with a storefront full of everything from cupcakes and pastries to donuts and cookies. But it's her cake that gets her the five stars in my book. My youngest nephew (2 months) just celebrated his baptism and so of course that called for a celebration. I told my sister about Barb's so she grabbed the cake from there and brought it to the party. I could have started and ended with just the cake it was so good. The cake was the perfect size for our group and they did a wonderful job of decorating it in honor of the baptism with white and blue frosting, his name, date and blue crosses. It was a three layer chocolate with vanilla frosting cake. I originally asked for a sliver but when I saw how delicious it looked, I opted for a normal size piece instead. Is it bad that I consumed every last crumb in under five minutes? I don't think so at all. I would do it again in a heartbeat! So with that, I'm officially adding Barb's Bakery to my list of sweet spots.
1	Is is awful customer service, and the people do not wear gloves.do not go there.
2	So my niece's graduation cake was DELISH!!... I mean pink champagne with custer filling?.... and the cookies?  SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOD!! But... when ordering the cake I was told by staff that it was a 1/2 sheet cake.  When I picked up the order, it was a 1/4 sheet cake.  REALLY??For the size of cake I picked up verse what I ordered.... I'm not a happy customer.  But for the cake itself?.... SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOD!
5	Barb's Bakery...they epitomize what the local community feel is all about. It's like stopping by an old friend's house or having your childhood best friend's parents make you breakfast. They are extremely friendly, their prices are great, and their donuts are needed on a cheat day. You can't leave this place without a smile. Cheers to Barb's for doing things the right way.
3	i have ordered from Barb's for a few occasions and have always had good/fair results. My most recent order was for 2 dozen plain sugar cookies for a birthday party. We were having a cookie decorating table. They are quite pricey at Barb's and because they are closed on Sunday (the day of our party) we had to pick them up on Saturday. While they looked yummy and simple come saturday they were hard as rocks...blah..I dont know when they baked these but it couldnt have been on Saturday they wouldn't have been hard already...reallly?
5	YUMMY, YUMMY.....Awesome cupcakes.    Randy did a great job assisting us for our friends birthday treat.    Thanks for the recommendations on flavors.    Everyone enjoyed and our server at lunch was pleased to have such a great treat with the few that were left.
5	OH MAN!! I am seriously addicted to their Pink Champaigne Petit Fours (TO DIE FOR!!!), and their frosted sugar cookies are a big hit around the office! I haven't gotten anything here that hasn't been fantastic! One of the best tiramasus I've had in a long time, and their cupcakes rival Sprinkles all day long!Along with the delicious treats and beverages comes generally GREAT customer service, the gentlemen that work in the afternoon are super friendly and helpful! I did, unfortunately, have one bad experience with the woman they have working there Mon, Tues, Wed. mornings, she was not pleasent or welcoming in any sort of way, and honestly made me feel like I was rather inconveniencing her by being there. I was SO shocked by the whole experience since I've been going in pretty regularly for a couple months now and had never had anything negative to say, until then. I remember thinking, "Geez, I sure hope that's NOT Barb, and if it is, perhaps she's best suited for strictly baking...in the back...as far away from customers as possible!" LOLSo, I do definitely recommend Barb's for cake and cookie lovers alike, you will DEFINITELY score big points with friends, family and co-workers!! Although, I would encourage all my sweet toothed brethren out there to not go Mon, Tues, Wed. mornings, so as to avoid the cracken, she's just awful! Bon Apetit!!
5	Cakes! Cupcakes! Cookies! Muffins! Donuts! Bagels! What else do you really need? We have visited Barb's on several occasions including our appointment for our wedding cake. Our cake expert was very helpful and patient since we both were kind of clueless and indecisive about our cake. In the end, it was an enjoyable process and hoping for the cake of our dreams (will update after cake received). They were very accommodating and I would highly recommend them for cake consultation. On to their goodies . . . Red velvet cupcake- deliciously red and fantastic cream cheese frosting Chocolate mouse cake- mousse is so creamy and the balance between sugar and cream is perfectly delightful. Cappuccino cupcake- Can I have this every morning with my coffee? Tiramisu cake- Leaves you wanting to go back for more Pink Champagne cupcake- So prettyCosmo cupake- Not sure what it is but so damn good!Their cake is so good that we gambled on a mousse filling that we did not even try during the cake tasting for our wedding cake, but we are confident that it will be just as decadent as the others. If you want happy cakes go here :)
4	Barb's Bakery did a wonderful job on our wedding cakes. We ordered 6 traditional style cakes. Each was beautiful. I was a little disappointed that I was told that the cakes would easily fit on any normal sized cake plate with a dome. This was not the case and therefore the cakes did get mushed eventually. Also, they arrived later than expected which had my maid-of-honor and mother in a panic. I had to call 3 times on the morning of my wedding to make sure that they were coming. However, it all turned out fine. The cakes tasted wonderful and the gentleman who helped us at our cake tasting was really nice.
5	I am pretty sure this is the best bakery in AZ. I am pleased to say that Barb's did my wedding cake almost 7 years ago and it was absolutely amazing. Still hear compliments to this day about that cake! We ordered two different flavors: The white cake with strawberry champaign filling and the red velvet, both with buttercream frosting. Both were off the hook! Not only that, the owner was a complete doll and very helpful in designing the wedding cake. Delivery and set up were also provided and in the end, the cake looked beautiful. One additional tip: If you order a wedding cake from Barbs, they will give you a free small cake on your one year anniversary so you dont have to eat horrible freezer burned cake! I wasnt sure how easy it would be to take them up on this but all I did was call, choose a flavor, and they had my cake waiting for me the next day. The cherry on top was that rather than it being just a standard plain sheet cake, they decorated it as well!!!If you are looking for terrific customer service and good prices to go along with your cake, Barbs is your place!
5	LOVE their decorated sugar cookies.  They are always colorful and festive for the appropriate season or holiday.  Most importantly, they are yummy!
5	I was so impressed with the cake we ordered for my mother's birthday. It was not only beautiful but absolutely delicious. We will definitely be ordering from them again.
5	Only fools would go to a big chain supermarket for a cake with a place like Barbs in the area. Had a carrot cake and it was second to none the cake was moist filled with carrot and walnuts and iced with an o so delicious cream cheese frosting.
5	Best. Cupcakes. Ever.That is all.  Carry on.
4	I confirmed my order 2 weeks ahead with a man over the phone at Barb's bakery (credit card # given and all). When I went in this past Saturday morning at 9am to pick up my cake for a baby shower, they said they didn't see my cake and don't see an order submitted for it. I felt my blood pressure rise and began to panic dropping curse words under my breath as the bakery clerk continued to look around for the cake. The baby shower was in a few hours, why, god, why?! Well, they took my order again and said they'd make it happen. 3 hours later, we picked up a beautiful pink, brown and white pink champagne, raspberry filled, baby buggy shaped cake. Barb's bakery followed through and I was ultimately very pleased.  The cake was absolutely beautiful and huge props to the baker/designer. The taste was fluffy, moist and kept everyone going for seconds. I also had a few of their cupcakes. Carrot cake cupcake is my favorite! Red Velvet and Pink Champagne are also delicious. I am now planning to be a regular customer at Barb's Bakery for all our events. I'll just have to be sure to call the day before to confirm my order.
5	great bakery. always the highest quality.
2	Although they are known for their adorable cookies, I am not a huge fan. Whenever I have ordered from them, the service has not been great and my pastries are usually dry and not that tasty.
5	Down to earth service. Reasonable prices for amazing product. Best custom sugar cookies ever.  Delicious and gorgeous.  Great cakes.  Cupcakes were also a hit. :)
5	One of my vendors uses this bakery a lot for gifts. I have had several of their sugar cookies and let me say, they are THE BEST sugar cookies I've ever had, ever. They're moist, sweet, and simply melt in your mouth with goodness.
5	First of all....many thanks to Angela for helping me through this process!  I have been planning my Grandma's birthday party in Phoenix although I live in San Diego. Angela has been so helpful and patient with me as I made changes and additions to the order up to a week ago. Today I picked up the order and while at the bakery decided to pick up a few cupcakes as an afternoon sweet treat for some visitors.  OMG!!!!!  So wonderful!!  We got a mix of cupcakes but the pink champagne takes the cake for me - pun intended.  I can't wait until tomorrow when we bring out the cakes and cupcakes for the party.  I will definitely come back here to cure my sweet tooth and recommend it to everyone I know in the area.
5	Picked up a half dozen assorted cupcakes yesterday.  Once again they are delicious!  I got a bananas foster, two Cosmo cupcakes, a pumpkin cupcake, an Orange Dreamsicle cupcake, and a plain old vanilla cupcake.  They were soft, moist and the frosting was smooth and creamy..awesome.   I spent about $14.00 for the six cupcakes and it was well worth it.I also noticed they are updating and remodeling the place, and it looks very, very cute!  This is MY all time favorite cupcake place in all of the metro Phoenix area, it should be yours too.
5	Barb's bakery was wonderful. They emailed me promptly with estimated quotes prior to scheduling our tasting. They asked us what design we were interested in, as well as flavors. We tasted three cakes and fillings, and left feeling comfortable that our cake would be exactly what we wanted. Their pricing is exceptionally reasonable - for $3.50/slice you have so many amazing options to choose from. Our cake was chocolate with a raspberry butter cream filling, and a butter cream frosting. They did decorative scroll work and ribbon on our three-tier cake, and delivered it. It not only looked amazing, it tasted amazing. Everyone raved about it. We would absolutely use them again.
5	Seriously this is the BEST bakery EVER! They made our wedding cake and Angela was such a pleasure to work with and could not have been more accommodating! The cake was not only beautiful but so darn good! Everyone asked where we got our cake. Sooooo moist!!!One special thing we had Barb's do was make iced wedding cake shaped cookies for our wedding and each one was in a cellophane bag with darling ribbon and our wedding date. Such a hit!The other thing I love that Barb's do that you just don't see anymore and that is make iced seasonal cookies. They are off the charts delicious. And so cute you almost don't want to eat them. Their petite fours are classic too. Vanilla is my favorite. Barb's keep up the GREAT service and wonderful goods.
5	Must try - Pink Champagne Cupcake
5	I asked a few friends where I could get a cake for our daughters first birthday and almost everyone I spoke to recommended Barbs.  Now I know why!  The cake was delicious marble with a cream filling.  It was decorated just as we wanted it to be!  I only gave them a few days notice and they were able to take care of me.  We will use them for all our fancy cakes in the future!
5	Simply the best in Phoenix.  Bought a German Chocolate Cake w/ Mocha filling for my Wife surprise Birthday Party and it was hit with everyone!  The female clerk also recommended I buy Red Roses for my Wife and White Roses for all the Ladies attending!  Score!!
2	I am really sad. I went here to get a birthday cake for my babys first birthday. I am so excited planning this event, and I know that not everyone can be as excited as me, but Barbs totally deflated me. Maybe I had too high of expectations? I went there and told them I wanted to order a cake. I had a few cake designs from pinterest on my phone. The man behind the counter did not seem to even want to deal with me, he kept talking to the people coming into the store. All he said was "can you just email me a picture?" I then said "oh, ok, can you give me a card with the address on it?" He totally ignored me and started helping another customer. I got his attention and said I would like to try a cupcake to help choose a flavor and what would he recommend. He said the red velvet was popular, but did not really seem to care to keep helping me. It was sad. I guess I expected them to be wanting to give me design ideas and flavor ideas, maybe show me some pictures, or give me an idea of cost. Basically he just wanted me out of the store. I drove 30 minutes to go there because of the reviews, and left the store in 3 minutes with a red velvet cupcake and no cake ordered. They got an extra star because the cupcakes were very good, and the price was good. Will I be back? Probably not, I need some enthusiasm with my deserts.
4	After asking yelpers on the message boards who they thought was the best bakery in the Valley, I am now a fan of Barb's Bakery like everyone else! I loooooove food - but sweets aren't necessarily my thing. It was my friends birthday and I wanted to get some cupcakes for us all to share. I got four - the cosmopolitan (LOVED!), pink champagne, carrot cake (LOVED!) and red velvet. The frosting wasn't overwhelming sweet - the cupcakes were moist - and when I pulled out the box of cupcakes after dinner - everybody was ecstatic and said "Ooooh Barb's!!!"Who would have known! I've lived here for over 15 years and I've been oblivious.The lady helping me was so nice and friendly and make some great suggestions. I even bought a sugar cookie (what they are super known for) "for the road" and it was de-lish. I definitely have a go-to place now for baked goods!
5	Hands down the best cupcake I have ever had in my whole life. The Cosmo Cupcakes are to die for! The chocolate ones are amazing. A friend of mine had the Cheesecake and said it was pretty amazing as well. I brought these to my trainers at the gym for a cheat day and they all went crazy over them. I even traded a dozen of them for some free training sessions, LOL! Everytime I go in to the gym they all bug me about bringing them cupcakes. I wont go anywhere for cupcakes now but Barb, They have ruined me for life :) THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Pros: Don't miss the frosted sugar cookies or the ooey gooey cake! Cons: Few parking spots, run down neighborhood, and sometimes they run out of the stuff I like before I can get there.
4	I have a major sweet tooth and am VERY picky about my sugary calorie intake =) I usually go to tammy co or make birthday cake's myself (i come from a mother that was a phenomenal baker), but it was my boyfriends 30th so I wanted something special, different, yummy and reasonably priced. I am SO SO SO happy that people suggested this place! WOW!Thank you Barb's bakery! The cake looked so beautiful, just what I wanted and everyone raved about the cake and how delicious it was! I ordered a marble cake with raspberry mouse filling and buttercream icing... every bite was wonderful! Thank you for making my boyfriends cake so perfect for his special day!
5	I've been in love with Barb's since I had them create an amazing cake creation for Make-A-Wish Foundation's 20th birthday 13 years ago. Consistently over the years they have never failed to disappoint. The best cupcakes around... adorable and delicious sugar cookies and the pastries... to die for!  I was just there yesterday and bought some petit-fours... for me! And no, I'm not sharing with anyone! Barb's is pure evil yummy goodness...
5	By far the best bakery I've been to!! I took some cupcakes and a couple of their cheesecakes to the office, they were gone in an instant!! Everyone loved them! Great staff too!
5	If happiness was an art form, it would be Barb's Bakery. The cupcakes are adorable and delicious! Everyone at work demands Barb's for meetings, birthdays, ect. The cupcakes are a regular at every family event. Thanks for being so amazing Barbs! You rock! :-)
5	I only found Barb's Bakery about 2 years ago and I have ordered numerous cakes for family, work and group functions.  The cake always gets rave review.  I've provided a logo and they used it, decorated accordingly and it came out perfect.  I've tried a few pastries and found them to be absolutely divine.  Can't go wrong with Barbs!
5	AMAZING!!  My birthday cake was from Barb's, best red velvet ever!! Just had two cupcakes. Cosmopolitan blew my mind and the raspberry one with white  choc DELISH!!!
2	Wanted a very specific design/theme cake for our son's birthday. We brought in the items for the top and after looking everything over, we were assured by the staff that they could deliver what we were asking for. When we picked it up we were extremely disappointed in the finished result - I could have easily done myself what we paid $70 for. When we cut into it, we found it was not the filling we ordered. 2 stars because the cake itself was pretty good once it could be located under all the icing. Overall, a very disappointing adventure.
1	Great cupcakes and cookies.  Unfortunately - worst customer service in the world.  It's a shame.  Twice now,  they have goofed up my cupcake order.  No apologies for the mistakes both times.  On one occasion, they completely forgot about the order.  I was told I would just have to buy items out of the case - which I did.  No problem.  However, there were not enough cupcakes to fill the order and I was charged the full order price.  When I pointed out that they had overcharged me by $9, the manager rolled her eyes at me.  Started slamming things around and told me sharply I would have to WAIT for the refund.   So you forget my order, don't apologize, overcharge for the replacement order, then have a hissyfit when I ask for the correct price. Wow. Unbelievable.
4	I came here and got a cake for my teenage daughter's 18th birthday.  I meant to make it special and bake her a cake, but we were leaving for Disneyland the next morning and I simply ran out of time to contend for the 'Mom of the Year' awards in my house, so I did the next best thing and I went to Barb's Bakery to get a cash and carry cake.  Since there were only 6 of us at her little party I opted for a new offering at Barb's; miniature 6" cakes for around $12.  It was a beautiful, pure white cake with elegant white roses and piped drapes and beading.  It was a sight to behold in its monochromatic simplicity!  My daughter was very impressed with her tiny creation in pure white.  The only drawback about the cake was the taste of the frosting, it didn't have any kind of a special flavor, like Barb's cakes normally do, it was just plain and sweet.  Not even a vanilla flavor.  This seems odd for Barb's so I'm almost wondering if someone forgot to add vanilla flavoring to that frosting batch?  If it's on purpose then I'd politely suggest adding some kind of extract to the frosting as it just needs something more to really take it from a simply 'good' cake to a 'delicious' cake.  Just my two cents!  Otherwise my little cake was perfect and my daughter thought it was beautiful, thanks!
5	Ordered a carrot birthday cake for my friend last week. Absolutely incredible!!! Everyone who ate it agreed. Now, I must mention that I'm a cake snob. I've eaten cake/cupcakes from Tammie Coe, Kick Ass Kakes, Treehouse, LGO and the list goes on. Barb's Bakery is nothing short of amazing in my humble opinion. This was the best carrot cake I have ever eaten. Super moist, full of carrots and walnuts, perfect amount of sweetness. Cream cheese frosting was perfect. If you need a cake for any reason, I can almost assure you, Barbs will not disappoint.
5	The best cake, cupcakes and cookies in town. Will use for all future events. Thank you Barbs!
5	We were referred to Barb's Bakery by our wedding planners for our wedding cake.  We were so impressed - the service was amazing and the cake turned out more beautiful than we could have imagined!  We had guests from all over the country in attendance and multiple guests were raving that it was the best wedding cake they have ever had.  We highly recommend them and will continue to use them again and again.
5	I ordered an 8" round chocolate cake with chocolate mouse and cream cheese frosting for my mother in law's 70th birthday cake. I asked to have "happy birthday, sue" written on it. I had no idea that it would be so beautiful. White with very  pretty roses that had a hint of chocolate coloring on them and a band of chocolate on the bottom and chocolate writing. And it tasted delicious. Exactly what I wanted.. Moist and flavorful. I could not have been happier a
5	Being a sweets fanatic, it's not rare that I meet a dessert that I like, but it is rare to meet a dessert I absolutely LOVE. I am extremely picky about what I consider to be a really great dessert item, specifically with cake (which happens to be my absolute favorite food!) When Valentine's Day rolled around this year, I told my fiance that all I wanted was a good cake, and he absolutely delivered by finding Barbs Bakery. We ended up ordering a whole carrot cake (yes just for the two of us haha), that I was to pick up at noon on Valentine's Day. Now I should note that my 5 stars doesn't just include the phenomenal cake we received, but also includes the great service we received! I was running a little late to pick up the cake, and they were super busy on Valentine's Day, but when I called to see if I could reschedule my pickup (rather last minute, mind you), they were so absolutely accommodating and sweet about it. When I got there, they actually asked if there was any complimentary writing I would like on it, so I had them add "Happy Valentine's Day!", which was cute and lovely. I also couldn't resist snagging one of their heart shaped sugar cookies with icing, which was so incredibly delicious. The REAL rockstar here though was that carrot cake. Ohhhh my gosh, it must have weighed no less than 10 pounds haha. It was super moist & dense, with plenty of delicious buttercream/cream cheese frosting. Carrot cake can be a little tough to master, but this one had the perfect blend of spices, carrot shreds, and walnuts to make it absolute perfection! I will definitely be going to Barbs for any future cake needs in the future!
5	we already loved this place (pink champagne petit fours yessssssssssss) but i had to come give them a good review for pulling through at the last minute and saving a family birthday. i promised my sister a fancy cake for her 30th birthday, and when i went to order they told me that orders were closed for the weekend (this was on tuesday) due to being short staffed and overbooked. i was very sad. i stopped in on saturday just to check (and get something else since it is all great) and they just so happened to have an extra pink champagne cake! i was so happy, the family loved it, thank you so much
5	Love this place! I had five minutes to pick up breakfast for the office and called ahead to see if they had muffins available. Two minutes later I walk in and then have a dozen DELICIOUS muffins ready for only $18. They were a hit at the meeting.There were only two bad things about my experience:1). I did not have any cash to tip the great guys who were working behind the counter.2). I did not have time to pick up or try any of the other BEAUTIFUL pastries that they had. These pastries were absolutely gorgeous and looked fantastic. They definetely won me over with their excellent service and beautiful/delicious breakfast food items. I will be back to splurge on their pastries when my waistline allows it.I can only imagine how the cakes, cookies, and cupackes are....
5	When looking for fresh baked goods to feed a crowd or just my family, Barbs bakery is one of the first places I turn. They're donuts are not too cakey and not too soft. I always try to eat just one but find myself eating way more than I should. When ordering a cake for a special occasion I always call Barbs. I've always had great service and they're decorator is very talented. I always get tons of compliment from my guests whenever I use Barbs for special events .  They're red velvet is my favorite in the valley. I would recommend getting there early if you're looking to buy muffins, the last time I went they only had a handful left. If you need special treats for any occasion I highly recommend Barbs! Oh, and their pricing is extremely reasonable. I just ordered donuts and muffins to feed about 10 people and only spent about $10.
4	Barbs Bakery                                                         Frosted Sugar CookieThese cookies are not the white sugar and flour cut out cookies you get from the bakery at the local supermarket. These sugar cookies are absolutely delicious! Colorful, bright, and flawlessly decorated.  Each cookie looks like a work of art that you will want to take home, that is if they make it home and you don't devour them first. Barb's sugar cookies are everything a sugar cookie should be. Crunchy, buttery, light, and perfectly frosted, you'll want to eat more than just one. So if you're searching for the perfect sugar cookie stop by Barb's Bakery.
5	Barb's, you are making me fat and elevating my blood sugar. But I love you. Your pink champagne cupcakes, tiramisu, and chocolate mousse complete my life. Plus your prices are awesome. Cheers!
5	My fiance and I went to Barbs after being significantly underwhelmed by other bakeries in the valley.  I had been familiar with Barbs from cakes that had been ordered for birthdays at a previous company, and from the Petit Fours I'd pick up on days when I needed an extra special treat. Our venue had originally sent us to Honeymoon Sweets in Tempe, which we had a terrible experience at.  Our ideas were shut down at every turn as "out of our budget" or "not possible" and we left Honeymoon Sweets feeling deflated and like we'd have to compromise on our cake.   Not happy with the experience, we reached out to our venue to ask about other options.  We were asked what bakery we would like to use, and Barbs Bakery immediately came to mind.We scheduled a tasting with Barbs and from the moment we were welcomed into the little shop, what a difference!  We had a great experience!  They prepared four different flavor combinations for us which we had requested, and sat down with a partnership mentality to work with us to design a cake that came within our budget, incorporated our ideas, and made us feel like we would get the cake of our dreams.  Instead of hearing "no" or "that won't work" from the owner David, we heard, "that's a great idea!  Here's how we can make that work . . ."We absolutely LOVED the cake that was delivered to our venue, and we received rave reviews from guests.  If you are considering a cake from Barb's, do it!!~ The Bride
5	I am so grateful for this place! It a great locally owned bakery with fresh baked goodies and they do cakes and special orders. Still one of my favorite's in the valley.
5	5 stars.They did some last minute sugar cookies for a baby shower for me. I think they turned out beautiful, and they tasted great.  They were ready when they said they would be and the whole process, from order to pick up to consumption, was flawless.
4	A friend brought a dozen cupcakes to my birthday party. OMG! Seriouslydelish. Moist, tender and so much better than the mass produced cupcakes you find nowadays.
3	I had my very first Red velvet cake when I was 16. It was a gift from a friend. It was my first experience with Barbs Bakery. I fell in love! Ever since then If I do not make my own cake or cupcakes I would go to Barbs. Baby Showers, Birthdays or just because moments. It's great cake with pretty good design capabilities for fair pricing. The last thing I got from them was for my husband 30 birthday. It was a cake shaped like a hot dog. It was amazing. I think I paid $75. Totally fair. For my Mom's 50th birthday I was throwing a huge event. I called for a quote on cupcakes for it. I was floored at the price. I just ended up making my own and getting rave reviews. I made Pink Champagne and Vanilla Bean Coconut. Not my favorite thing to do when planning a party but I will do it to save a couple hundred dollars. Then came my daughters 16th birthday and I called for a quote on a cake. I can't remember what they said but it was just hands down ridiculous. So I again just made cupcakes. Fast forward to my Daughters graduation. I find a picture of a cake that I feel is fairly simple. It's 2 tier. Ombre ruffle cake. I said I wanted butter cream not fondant. Which they even said was easier but the price would be the same. ??? Ok then.  I then said I was flexible on the design once they said how hard that was to do. I said I just care about the color and it being ombre. I said, rosettes whatever I just need to stay in my budget of $150. She had quoted me $115 for just the bottom tier and said she would get back to me with the total price and would also try to work something out since I had been a customer for so long. When I went in to order the cake, the cases were pretty much empty. They had some order and wouldn't have the cases filled until Thursday. It was Tuesday. I continued to get red flags. So I couldn't try any cake I wanted. I want to say the girl working was AMAZING. She was so nice, understanding and even let me have 3 cupcakes to try since I waited so long for help. It's all they had left. So they called me back with a final quote of $389. Yep, I said that. $389. Whaaaat?!?! How did it go from $115 for the larger bottom tier to $389? I mean even if you doubled that price it wouldn't be that much and the top tier is much smaller. I was confused and disappointed to say the least. I was so mad that I had waisted time with them, traveling all the way there, waiting in line and going over everything and waisting ink to give them the photo.In my opinion if that cake is too hard for your baker to do, you should get a better artist or improve upon your skill set. I don't want to hear cost of labor when ordering a cake. I didn't even bother working with them as I could tell they didn't want or couldn't do the cake. Why else would they change the price to such a crazy amount.It's sad that my favorite cake place has fallen off my list of go to places. I live in the north valley and I have to pass a lot of places to get to 20th st and Thomas. I won't be doing that any longer and my friends who I have turned onto Barbs won't either. I will personally make their cakes for free before I ever tell another friend to go there.I think they have gotten a little too big for their britches. The more I thought about it I started to think of who helped Barbs build roots in Phoenix and grow into a well knows establishment. It wasn't people with large pockets. It was lower middle class to low income families who lived in the area. I can't see how those same people could possibly afford to continue to buy cakes to celebrate family events. It's sad. I gave them 3 stars because they do make some good pastries and the cake is pretty good. My pink champagne is better and they don't have coconut. As far as decorating goes, they are not even close to $389 good. I ended up getting my daughters cake, exactly perfect with a slight variation to the decor. Rosettes. It was beautiful and the centerpiece of the party. Everyone was in awe of it and I didn't get it from Barbs. I got it from a bakery a few miles away.  I also paid $150. Right in my budget. The new bakery will get plenty of new business with the amount of people who were in love with the cake. I can't see how they won't. Anyway, Barbs is good to pop in for a cupcake or a doughnut but that's about it. If you want cupcakes or a cake, message me, I will make you the best tasting cake you have ever had and it will not require you to pick your jaw up off the floor when I tell you the price. ;)
1	I dont get how this place has so many great reviews. Customer service was terrible.  I stopped in to discuss a cake for my housewarming.  I arrived about 45 minutes before closing time but felt like i had completely inconvenienced the woman by stepping through the door.  She seemed completely uninterested in listening to my ideas.  I had the distinct feeling that she just wanted me to leave and quit bothering her.  trying to salvation an unpleasant experience i bought a couple of cupcakes to take home.  They certainly didnt make up for rest of it.  Absolutely nothing special.
2	Poor performance and total confusion at the shop. I ordered a cake for my son's baptism. I left detailed instructions, only to receive frantic phone calls a mere hour and a half before the time the cake was supposed to be picked up relaying that the decorator had "no clue" what I wanted.The decorations were very plain, underwhelming. The cake tasted bland and boring, price was absolutely not worth it. Would not recommend.
5	Established reputation as the best bakery in town. Donuts, Danish, sugar cookies, cupcakes, regular cakes and custom cakes (birthday, wedding, whatever). For cakes they have just the right amount of options for both cake flavor and icing types. You pay more, but you get the best. Try them out for everything they make, on various trips. Even the frosted sugar cookies will have you asking, "How do they do it, this is the most amazing I've ever had".
5	Awesome bakery..Stopped in here to pick up a surprise for my boss.The lady behind the counter was both friendly and helpful.The shop front was clean, well organized and well stocked.The taramisu was to die for.
5	5 stars for prompt service, accommodations, and the best cake we've ever bought from a bakery!It was three days before my daughter's birthday party and I needed to get a cake. For previous birthdays, we had gone to Bakerwee, Tami Coe, and some other delicious bakeries in our area. This time, I was on short notice and I needed a cake that would be big enough to feed a lot of kids, and that my daughter could personalize with some custom options. Enter Barb's Bakery. We read the reviews on yelp and looked at their site online - their prices were fantastic and their reviews were stellar! We placed and order and hoped it would all work out. We had a couple of last minute changes, but they were more than accommodating, and they were still as friendly as can be!When we went to pick up the cake, it was HUGE and it was gorgeous! The half sheet was PERFECT for what we needed. Better yet, it was DELICIOUS. Seriously. Out of all of the bakeries we  had been to before, I've never raided my fridge on subsequent days after the big event to get cake. I did this time... several times. Perfectly moist, the custard filling was perfect (perfectly sweet, but not too sweet!), and it held up for at least three days after her birthday before it was gone! Our fridge was raided constantly by cake seekers, looking for that afternoon pick-me-up or something sweet to go with their coffee. We will be doing ALL of our cake shopping at Barb's from here on out. The price is incredible for what you get, and the taste just can't be beat. They really weren't kidding when they said they make the best cakes around!
5	I used Barb's bakery to order a wedding cake and 2 dozen cupcakes 2 days before my brother's elopement style wedding & reception. The staff at Barb's were really helpful and accommodating! The cake was gorgeous and delicious. The cupcakes were delicious and were a huge hit! We had the pink champagne cupcakes and the chocolate peanut butter cupcakes & both were expertly decorated! The price was completely reasonable! Thank you, Barb's for a last minute wedding done right!
5	No wonder Barb's has won so many awards, the deserts here are phenomenal!We came in right before closing on a Sunday (Yelps hours were listed wrong), and they were still willing to accommodate us. We tried a few of the cupcakes to see which one we wanted made in to a cake for my friend's birthday. The choice was tough as all of them were so delicious. A few of my favorites: Pink Champagne - Vanilla cake with sparkling pink champagne, topped with champagne mousse and edible pearl and silver beads. It was heaven.Cosmo - Cranberry cake, filled with orange cream, topped with vodka lime cream icing, and rimmed with strawberry sugar and a crystallized lime slice.Strawberry cheesecake - Cheesecake on top of vanilla cake, topped with whip cream, and surrounded and dusted with graham cracker crust, and a dollop of strawberry.In addition to the cupcakes they gave us donuts and a few pastries for free since they were about to close. I think that was the best apple fritter I have ever tried. It had huge delicious chunks of apple in it. We're going with the Pink Champagne cake and I will post a picture once we pick it up.
5	Yummy! I needed a cake last minute for my mother-jn-law's birthday and stopped in to this wonderful place for the first time! I picked up a pink champagne cake and some sugar cookies!! The cake was WONDERFUL!! It was a big hit with everyone! The cakes were really good. Not typical frosted sugar cookies- SO much better!! I would highly recommend to anyone!!!
4	When you get there, you might be overwhelmed by the selection. I gravitated towards the menu that has mini trio's. Wasn't disappointed at all with this or the cappacinno. Went back to this same spot on a different day just that good!
4	The place is a little hidden and small, but it is because you are met where cookies are manufactured. Chose two (it was a little overdone, but keep for later) and were sensational. Without a doubt the best I have eaten! Remember also that the attendants were very attentive.
