4	Yep, I'm a fan.  The name is on the weird side but it's brand spankin new.  Nothing is really open on the premises yet but we did see the Subway sign go up while we were there.  The room was great, a one bedroom suite with two flat screen tvs, a kitchen, table, plenty of closet space and even a washer and dryer.  Only negative was the radio had no ipod plug in but we brought our own.  The checkin was quick and efficient.  There was coffee, tea and water available at the reception area at all times.  This place appears to be a timeshare but at no time were we harassed in any way.  The kitchen was supplied with everything too.  I would definately stay here again, its just a 5 min drive to the MGM grand and 5 min drive to the airport.  This hotel will work as long as you have a rental car, there are no shuttles or buses in the area to get around.  Oh and the hubby said the gym was very nice.  Didn't make it to see the pool, which is covered, kind of strange in Vegas I suppose.  This place is a steal, a weekend night only cost $100.
5	Clean, New, Hip Family friendly we went there the week of new years and we had 6 adults and 6 kids and everytime we walked in the lobby or went to the pool or concierge or front desk they weren't put out or rude, they were all so helpfull.the pool is great the decor is coolsuper close to the strip (1minute in a car)one of our shower handles broke off and was squirting water so they had someone come up and take a look at it, they had to wait for a part to fix it but we had 2 other showers so it wasnt a huge prob, they even offered to let us change rooms but instead we just asked for a free mid trip room cleaning and they abliged.check out was great, no mysterious charges.fun and i cant wait to go back there
4	I got an incredible deal on this via hotels.com. Got two units for a nice rate. Rooms are awesome . This place is actually a condo. Nice living room(s) , kitchen,  I liked this place as it was smoke free . Also there's a subway sandwich and an Einstein's Bagel place right at the entrance. Staff is courteous and helpful . My only grudge about this place is the lack of free internet ( Wifi) . They charge around $10 for a day's access. Would have given them 5 stars if they offered free internet. They do however have a business center in the 2nd floor with computers connected to the internet .Location wise , this is pretty central. MGM grand is 2 blocks away. This was my first time to Vegas . I didn't know that parking was free in all casinos .If you have a car , staying here shouldn't be a problem to get to the action .
1	First off, the suite had a washer and dryer so I tried to do my laundry. Of course the washing machine stopped working and I was left with wet soapy clothes I had to rinse in the sink and drape around the furniture. Is this any way to vacation!!! Two calls to the front desk did not result in any help arriving. I finally went downstairs and the jerk at hospitality was busy flirting with the front counter girl. Management should fire him for the rude way he brushed me off. The girl said she'd send somebody up (I heard that before on the phone). Of course nobody showed up. I went back downstairs later to ask if there was a close laundry mat and the guy said "oh..it's YOU again" and didn't know of any laundry mats nearby. He suggested I try calling directory assistance. Isn't his job to help explain what's in the neighborhood? And they probably left the broken washer for the next person to cry over. I wrote a letter of complaint to the management and to date it has not been answered.I have to say the resort looks nice, and if you can take care of yourself and encounter NO problems then you'll probably be okay. But hope that you don't need to ask a question or get help because this place has terrible service.
4	I haven't yet been to the property, but I have spoken to a friendly OPC for bluegreen and really like what they are offering. Just to go for a 90 minute presentation they will give you a visa gift card for like a hundred bucks and a mini vacation. He told me sometimes he throws in free show tickets or other goodies. I definitely do plan to sign up for a tour when I can find the time. I have been to other timeshare presentations before and they were dreadful, but this one seems it might be different due to the friendly and not pushy opc's and of course the yelp reviews.
5	OK listen up. this is the definitive review of club 36, las vegas. I stay here just about every month. Maybe even twice a month. I've been to many resorts, and many hotels in vegas, and this place, by far, is the best place for your dollar. The staff is incredibly friendly! Derrick the bellman always makes sure you are taken care of whether you need your luggage picked up or if you need your private limo to pick you up to and from the airport. The large rooms are always convenient because of their amenities and privacy. Everything is close by to this place. There's an ABC store, Burger Grind, liquor store, subway (eat fresh!), Duo Pizzaria, and a bagel shop in the building. You almost dont even want to leave this place. They also are connected with this restaurant called Napoli's. The food is amazing, especially from a long night of partying and you're craving something devilish. make sure to order the deluxe pizza, burger, and the boneless hotwings. soo yummy!BTW, they also provide a free shuttle that will transport you to MGM grand, but make sure to tip the driver. Really good people there.I can't say enough about this place. Room rates vary, but they're generally cheaper and better than anything you will find on the strip at less than half of club 36's value. ENJOY and make sure to mention Kevin Le. maybe i'll see you there.
4	This past weekend was my second time at Bluegreen.  To be completely honest, the only reason why I chose to stay at Bluegreen was because there was an event held at the convention center that made all the hotels on the strip extremely expensive.  The rates are extremely affordable. I actually got a king size bedroom suite for 120 this past weekend when the hotels on the strip ranged from 400-700 a night. The suites are very spacious and convenient. It comes with a full kitchen, a washing machine and a dryer, as well as two flatscreen tvs. The first time I stayed here, I got a king sized bedroom suite as well but it was a lot more spacious. That suite came with 2 bathrooms! One had a tub, sink, and toilet and it was connected to the other bathroom that had two more sinks and a double headed shower that seemed to fit two people comfortably. All in all, the rooms are very comfortable and convenient.  But of course, there's a reason why the rooms are so well made. No casino. I guess it's a good place to stay if you're looking for a long quiet family vacation. But if you're looking to stay here to save money because you would much rather spend in on partying with your friends to party on the strip, I recommend you to just book a hotel on the strip. Although they provide shuttle service to MGM, the shuttle does stop working at about 7 at night.  Therefore you must walk or take a cab to the strip. Trust me, it's a long walk to the hottest clubs of Vegas and the cab fares will add up.
2	I did not like this hotel/timeshare resort.  The pictures on the website were deceiving as to what the place actually looked like.  There was a cold feel to the lobby as well as the room.   The room was decent, but the hotel itself is lacking "life".  There is no restaurant located in the hotel and there is no room service.  Both the bar and the sundeck were not open when we were there.  The timeshare presentation was literally 3 hours.  We were told it would only be 1.5 hrs at the most.  We were very pressured to purchase the timeshare and I was quite annoyed with the salesman.  He was just too much of a hot shot and very cold toward my husband and I.  I would never choose to stay here again.
4	This hotel(?) which was pretty much condos... is not on the Strip, but a half mile off the Strip on Tropicana. The place was beautiful. Full kitchen, living room with flat screen, huge bathroom, king size bed with a thousand pillows and a flat screen.4 stars because I stayed here for free!
4	Having stayed at Platinum Hotel in Vegas I wanted to try something similar and it was pretty much comparable to that.  The rooms are all suites, we got the basic one (there were four of us).  It was smaller than Platinum (I think Bluegreen is around 700-750 sq. ft., and Platinum is closer to 900-950 sq. ft.), but it is newer.  The decor is trying to be art deco, but it's not exactly the highest end stuff.  Everyone was helpful though, everything was clean, the location is close to the strip and there are plenty of places downstairs to grab a quick bite, get some souvenirs or snacks and pretty much anything last minute that you need to get.  The only thing is that the pool is indoors and they have an outdoor patio area and I kind of wish they had another additional pool outside too.  Overall I would recommend it.
4	Our family of four, including two kids under 10, checked in for a week in late July. Here's what we loved, and what we didn't:Room: Super nice. We got the 2-bedroom suite. Comes with two king beds, two bathrooms (master bath has a double shower. Everything was very clean, very modern, very new. Bed was REALLY comfortable, but the pillows sucked, so we bought new pillows from Brookstone which made all the difference. We were on the 5h floor--had a partial view of the strip and never even knew the planes were passing by unless we were outside.Grounds: None to speak of, which means you don't need to meander endlessly through gardens, casinos and a maze of restaurants and kiosks to get to your room. No landscaping at all, but really, there's so much on the strip, I appreciated not having to battle a bunch of looky-loos to get inside. Parking was plentiful and close by, and it was great to have the stores in the mall right beneath us. Breakfast from the bagel shop, lunch from Subway, dinner from Due' Pizzeria (which was very good and VERY reasonably priced). Having the ABC Store right there was great to keep the room stocked with drinks and snacks at low prices.Pool: My kids loved the indoor pool because they didn't have to wear sunblock, and there was a water basketball hoop that my whole family had a great time playing with. There were times where I just wanted to sit and read, but most of the time, the area was too hot and stifling. The outside deck area was just pavement with some random umbrellas. They have a bar called "Amelias" by the pool, but it's only open on Friday and Saturday...maybe because nobody wants a cold beer on any other day of the week?? Staff: They were fine. Had very little interaction with them, but they were helpful when needed. Upon checking in, we were given keys to our room. We opened the door only to find a girl sitting on a couch, reading a book. Not sure who was more shocked--the girl or us! We went right back to the desk; they gave us a different room, some chocolates and apologies. Enough said.Tips: I wouldn't recommend relying on the shuttle to take you to the MGM Grand (although there is one). The guy who drove the shuttle took forever to get us the few blocks to MGM because he was prattling on about Vegas history, holding the mic with one hand and steering a 20-person shuttle with the other. When we tried to catch the shuttle back to the hotel, he drove right past the pick-up point; I ran screaming after him with my kids in tow before he stopped. If you can, drive to MGM and get the Monorail pass--we got the 3-day pass for $28/each. There are coupons available at different kiosks that will save you $7 per pass--find one before you purchase!Also suggest the Buffet of Buffets for a great food fest. We did Paris, Harrah's and Rio. Rio was definitely the best one; Paris has ambiance but not much else. Harrah's was just blah, but Rio had an amazing assortment to choose from. They merge into dinner menu at 3:30, so you can get the freshest food right then. Get the Harrah's Rewards Club card first so you can save on each B o' B ticket ($10/each, I think). Note: It's a great deal for adults, not so great for kids. We paid the same amount for our 5-year-old, and she didn't come close to eating $40 worth of food.Basically, it's a great place to stay off-strip. Clean, quiet, modern and great for a family. We took the advice of other posters and didn't subject ourselves to the sales tour, and I'm glad we didn't. Time with my family was the reason I was here, NOT to spend 2.5 hours trying to fend off an aggressive salesperson.Word!
5	I booked their standard 480 sq. foot room and I was skeptical in the begining about booking a room @  this place, but this place exceeded all expectations. Rooms are very spacious with a living room, kitchen, washer/dryer, spacious bathroom and bed room with a free gym and pool. There is a ABC Store and Liquor stores located conveniently in the same plaza. Its located about a block away from the strip, and they have a free shuttle service that takes you to the MGM. I didnt know about this, but the Taxi Fare was only 5$ + tip. Staff is very friendly and professional, I will be coming back.
4	I really liked this place, but we were guests of my in-laws, and they got us the adjoining room, so note: we didn't have to sit through any time share sales pitch or had to even fend anyone off trying to sell us the timeshare. (BTW... we have one and wouldn't get another one anyways, I can't manage them all in my head and they give me a headache trying to!)I digress... anyways, as far as this Bluegreen place is concerned, I was concerned at first about the lowflying aircraft seemingly overhead on the east side of the building, but upon arrival in to our room, didn't notice any aircraft noise at all. The limited interaction we had with the staff was pleasant, and I didn't feel like I was being sold anything. (And when we checked in, they knew we were guests) aka- fresh meat.Liked that there were restaurants attached to the place- favorite- Einstein Bros. Bagels. Yum, busy place in the morning though! Note to self... they had awesome service there too. Friendly staff and great menu and deals.  ABC Store as well! Just like in the Islands.. Even smelled like the Islands. (Prob. that Plumeria perfume in it!)  Pizza place and a burger place too, didn't have time to go there though.THe only downside I can say that I noticed first hand is that if you are adverse to walking, request a room not so far from the lobby. The elevator, seriously is like a HIKE to get to, and not near the main lobby at all. I did like that it's non-smoking and off the strip, and good parking that is near the lobby. (Remember my tip about the elevator though!)
4	Really like Club 36; I'll be staying here for every Vegas trip unless I get comp'd a free stay somewhere else. The accomodations were really comfortable and the staff was extremely hospitable.
4	tHIS Einstien Bagel is located on the BLUEGREEN club property. Today is just one of those days! i needed to get out of the office FAST, if you know what i mean! this place is Great for a quiet lunch, there was only one other customer, no loud music blaring over cheap speakers just peace, quiet & bagels! the atmosphere gave me the strength to return to work with a smile.... and a everything bagel!
3	We were in a Bass Pro Shop in So. Cal when a man approached us telling us about this great deal. We could go to Vegas for 3 days, 2 nights for $99. and stay in a one-bedroom "villa." No strings except that we had to listen to a timeshare presentation...which wasn't ever brought up by the sales man. My husband had to ask if this is what it was. He said, "Yes, but it's only a 90 min presentation. No pressure to buy." We said ok!This past weekend we went. I was very nervous about the sales presentation, as I had read so many bad experiences about it. First, I want to talk about my feelings on the actual hotel.When you think of a one-bedroom villa, I'm thinking of how spacious and grand it is. I guess that was my mistake, because this was like a very small studio apartment. However, it was good enough. The place was very dark, as the only window is a small window in the bedroom. My favorite part of a hotel room is the bed. I love a good sized queen or king plush bed with down comforter and duvet. This is not what was in there. The bed was a small queen? It was hard and it had one of those scratchy motel grade bed spreads. Ugh.The bathroom is a good sized, which was nice. There's also a kitchenette and a washer/dryer. I think those are a plus, however we didn't really use them. I think the worst part of the room is that it's attached to another "villa" by just two regular doors. You know how in some hotel rooms there might be those heavy doors that connect two rooms? This is what we had. The difference is that the real hotel rooms that have these, the doors are a great barrier. You can't hear the people in the next room through them. With the doors in this room, they are just two regular doors like we'd have in our hallways at home. You can see under these doors into the next room. And if you have noisy people staying next door, forget it. Because these people were not noisy at all, but we could hear them talking as if they were in the same room as us. I was not pleased at all. A little privacy Bluegreen??? That's all we ask.Ok, so the presentation was ok. The guy we had was nice and funny. I felt like these guys' main job is to get you to like them first. They are constantly trying to relate to you. After talking to him, we are all taken into a room where one of the sales guys becomes a "stand-up comedian" if you want to call him that. At least he thinks he is. After 30 min of crappy jokes and making us introduce ourselves, he talks about the benefits of a timeshare. Now....remember how we were told that after 90 min we could walk? This isn't the case. After the 90 min..they take you on a tour of the hotel. We didn't really mind because our salesman was nice. We actually did like him. Just a side note...they don't have clocks anywhere in the presentation areas and forbid you to talk on your cellphones. If you even look at your phone, they get kind of upset. I think they don't want you realizing how long the presentation/tour is. Because after all was said and done, it was four hours. Granted, my husband and I had a lot of questions about the whole process. In the end, we decided it wasn't for us, and he was cool with it and we got our gift and was sent on our way. All in all, I give it three stars. It was worth the $99 dollars for 2nights, I think. I would never stay there again though.
5	if you're traveling to vegas in a large group and need a cheap place to stay this one is perfect! without compromising quality! it is off the strip but just  behind the MGM, so its not far. the suites here are great! they are up to date quality, they've got a kitchen, complete w a microwave and fridge and stove and blender and everything else you could imagine! TVs in all the rooms and the living rooms. Theres a shower and a bathtub which is perfect for lots of people so  no one is fighting over the shower. I love this place and always stay here when theres a lot of us! very cheap and comfortable for everyone!i love it!
4	Very nice place to stay in Vegas if you don't mind being off the strip.  Clean, well maintained and good service.  The only potential issue I see is that it is right next to the airport so if you had a room facing that direction, I could see that it might be noisy.  I have stayed here twice now and both times I was on the other side so it was not an issue.  I also too the timeshare tour just to get a look at the other rooms and they have some pretty impressive larger suites.  One with a media room, pool table, bar and multiple bedrooms.  Very very nice........Overall, a great stay with good service.  I am sure I will be back.
3	The Bluegreen isn't a horrible place to stay and it's actually quite nice, but I would probably never stay here again. My group of friends stayed here on a weekend because one of girls was getting the room comped for some reason or another so it made staying here all the better, FREEE!Hotel is a couple blocks from MGM. It's a pretty small hotel that doesn't get a lot of foot traffic. You actually have to call a cab instead of just walking out to the lobby. Although it isn't too far from the strip it doesn't have much to offer besides the room itself and a couple of eateries attached to the hotel. Einstein bagel was conveniently located downstairs and there was also a burger and pizza place, but I didn't get to try those places out.This hotel seems targeted for families since it comes quipped with a full kitchen. Since I don't fall in this category, I would much rather stay at more happening places. But I suppose if it's free, I wouldn't mind staying here again.
4	Super cute place to stay if you don't want to be on the strip! It's super comfty! I think this place was supposed to be apartment homes cause each unit had a kitchen, washer & dryer and super cute furniture! It reminded me of my old place. Cute and perfect! Stayed at Bluegreen because I was working the Billboard Music Awards and it was just down the street from MGM. We arrived late and the front desk ladies were amazing with their customer service! Marni and Tammy helped me. At first, our 1st room keys did not work but they totally were quick to give us a new room and apologized for the key error. Definitely want to stay here again when I am in town!
4	If you want to be on the strip, this isn't the place for you.  I have never stayed on the strip in Vegas and like the flexibility to check out different places.  I also love staying in condos while on vacation.  We often travel in a group of 5, so having apartment-style lodging is much more convenient (not to mention cheaper) than having multiple hotel rooms or one large suite.  I have stayed here on two occasions and been very satisfied both times.  Ask for a strip-view room, though, or you'll be looking out your window at an airport runway!
2	First of all we stayed at this hotel as part of a time share. When we arrived the Lobby wasn't really visibal or welcoming. We exited the car and walked in through the door to the front desk. The lady at the front desk seemed really nice and explained everything. The funny thing was that she said the shuttle stopped at 6:00pm and the return was never guaranteed. Isn't this vegas? Why does the shuttle stop running at 6?On the way to the room we walked through one of the hallways that smelt like pizza, I am guessing its from the pizza place downstairs. Talk about bad vents. When we got into the room it smelt of hamburgers, I guess that ones of the bad things of a timeshare with a kitchen. We decided that we wouldn't be there all day so we just ignored it. The room was an average timeshare room, I have seen better rooms. None of the views were great since they were all of empty lots. The pool was an indoor pool and the inside was really warm.We went to the Timeshare the next morning. They told us the night before that it would be only 90 minutes. It ended up being three hours. It was funny our timeshare host was really nice to start off, once we told him that we were not interested the tables turned fast. He started to argue with me and kept saying that I was wrong. I guess he felt that since we were not going to buy he could go ahead and attack us. I wanted to bring out the sheet that said this is a no hassle presentation.If you are thinking of going to Vegas you would be better off to go online and find a great deal for a room. Your in Vegas, are you really going to use a kitchen to cook, and you really don't need a shuttle that stops at 6.
4	This is perfect for family and large groups. We had the 2 adjoining suites. Not for you if you want something off the strip and more hip. It's still quite a ways from MGM if you hike. Loved that it had washer and dryer in the room. Flat screen TVs, modern kitchen, dining and living room. Bed covers and pillows need upgrading. Only mirror is in the bathroom. WiFi is additional fee. Enjoyed the pool and jakuzi. We all agreed we'd stay here again.
5	i really enjoyed my stay here for 3 nights and 4 days which costed $476. We decided to stay here because we booked our hotel last minute and it was EDC weekend so we had to resort to something cheaper than the big well known hotels on the strip.  It was a good price for how it looked like a suite and it was clean. We made use of the kitchen, which had all the supplies you need. There was even a clothes washer and dry cleaner. The bathroom was a good size too. When we called for extra hour for us to check out, they told us it would be extra $20 an hour, but when we checked out, they didn't charge us!There are two tvs. One is in the living room and one is in the bedroom. The hotel smelled nice since it  is non-smoking.The maids cleaned our room on time everyday. Employees at front desk was nice. Pretty close walk to the guestroom elevators unlike those big casino hotels on the strip. If you want a cab, you call them so they can call a cab for you.
5	i enjoyed this place .. really sweet! clean! loved how it had a washer/ dryer legit! a fancy kitchen , and fancy showers.. too down! would deff stay here again
5	The Spa was the best part, DJ, the owner, was very good.  I came in with a migrane and called the spa around 7pm and he came in from home to massage me and help get past the headache.  Priceless professional positive service.  Cannot recommend the place more.
1	My wife and I recently took advantage of a timeshare presentation at the Bluegreen Resort 36 hotel in Las Vegas, NV. In return, we received a very inexpensive 3 night stay in Vegas. This was initially supposed to be a Summer Bay Resorts timeshare vacation, so we also received an Orlando vacation included in the low price ($350 for a 3 night Vegas stay, and 2 night Orlando stay with the option to purchase additional nights for $90 - 2 bdr, 2 ba "luxury" accommodations). At the last minute, Summer Bay switched us over to the BG 36 location, so that is how we ended up there. We had no other option, really, that late in the game.First the hotel: website alludes to "luxury" rooms throughout. In reality, they are nothing more than glorified hotel rooms with kitchens. Our 2-bedroom consisted of 2 side-by-side one-bedrooms with a connecting door. Furniture was cheap and uncomfortable. Our smoke detector battery died the first night, so it started beeping extremely loudly during the middle of the night, becoming more frequent as morning approached. Needed a ladder to get to it, so I couldn't pull the battery. Maintenance had to be called. Next, the dishwasher was loose in its cabinet so every time the door was open, the dishwasher just about fell forward - Not ideal with 2 curious toddlers running around. Beds were not comfortable, as stated. Carpet was so dirty that our feet turned black. Pool was indoors, and was not the relaxing environment that is portrayed. Pool bar was never staffed nor stocked - what's the point of promoting it? The sun deck was small - enough said. We went to the Flamingo for a day to go to a real pool.The good: I asked for, and received, cribs and high chairs for free, and a room with a view of the strip, not the sandlots that surround the resort. The people that work for the hotel were very pleasant and helpful.Now the timeshare: First they don't call it a "timeshare" because it is a club that uses points instead of the traditional timeshare "1-week per year at the same location" club. This one allows you to use your points at anytime and at any BlueGreen club location (or others around the world). Sounds great, right? EXCEPT that when you read reviews, people all over are having trouble booking resorts for the dates they want - Rooms are booked or people don't have enough points because BG assigns higher point values to more popular travel dates!Our timeshare rep was pleasant, but new; so, she kept calling over sleazy and slimy managers to answer my questions. I say 'slimy' because these guys would sell you the shirt off their backs if they could, all the while pretending that they are interested in your life. They are your best buddy to your face, and always have an answer to your concerns about the timeshare. Yet, you also get the feeling that they don't give two-sh*ts about your life and just want the commission from your sale.More details - We spent 60-90 minutes wasting our time while some phony comedian "entertained" the timeshare crowd in a different room. There was hardly ANY substance to his presentation, and could have been covered in 15 minutes. By the time we were finished with that and met back up with our timeshare rep, 90 minutes had passed. I asked what the buy in cost was at that point - "We'll get to that" is what I was told, and we had to go through the dog-and-pony show of them showing us the same rooms that we were already staying in (because we stayed in the same hotel). We could have skipped this as well.When we finally got to the details, it was $32k initial buy-in to get 20,000 pts per year - much higher than I was expecting. On top of that, there are $1200 annual maintenance fees! Of course, you can finance for %17 APR! What? I might as well put it on my credit card - it has a rate half that amount!I said I wasn't interested in paying that much and so the manager started coming over and offering lower and lower cost packages. The final package offered was 8000 pts every OTHER year - with an $11k initial cost and I still had to pay $500 maintenance EVERY year. I asked a question about the point costs per room and if they increase every year. The response was that "no, for existing members, the point costs do not change once you are in the club. That future members' costs will cover point cost increases." Can you say pyramid scheme?? After finally saying no, OF COURSE they have one final offer - 9000 pt sampler plan, where I can try the program out for one year. The catch: It's $700 and you can't use it in June, July or August (surprise, surprise). I passed on it again, and was immediately met with much colder personalities by the rep and managers - which was not surprising. After reading the reviews on this and other websites, I did not want ANYTHING to do with this company. Total time spent was in excess of 3 hours...time that could have been spent with my kid!In the end, I'm VERY happy that I passed on these offers.
2	Preface - We stayed at Club 36 over Labor Day weekend as part of a vacation club sales package via Bass Pro. The Good - (See The Bad #2)  Maintenance was quick to remedy all problems in a timely manner.  The Bad - 1) Upon booking 3 months prior, I had reserved a Handicapped Suite. With a HC room, we wouldn't need to bring a shower bench/chair. 4 weeks prior to arrival, I call to see about extending our stay by a day. I again get confirmation that we have a HC suite. 1 week prior to arrival, I verify that we do have a HC suite booked for our reservation. Now, upon arrival, we are given a non-HC room. FAIL! They luckily had a HC suite available. If they hadn't, we would have had a serious problem.  2) The bathroom had major water issues. The toilet wouldn't flush. And the big one - The shower basin had no lip to keep the water from flooding into the rest of the tile floored bathroom. Not good when one of you is missing a leg and the other just had knee surgery. The Ugly - Our presentation was scheduled at 9:00 am the morning after check-in.  The presentation is rapid-fire, and given at a dizzying pace. They state that they will only take 90-120 minutes, but don't even get through with the property tour until 180 minutes in. Questions are deferred as long as possible in the hopes that you'll forget.  The answers to any questions you do remember are presented as special information that you can only get as an owner. The entire format is war of attrition between them and your willpower; sapping you of Blood-sugar, energy, and focus, by rapidly firing off information. The entire thing seems gauged to get you as off-balance as possible, with an impending sense of urgency, making one reach for the checkbook, as opposed to the centers of reason in the human brain.  They are supposed to show you, and allow you to read,  (Per Nevada State Law) the documents with ALL the property offerings in the form of the Public Offering Statement, PRIOR TO SIGNING.  That they did not.  They even misrepresented a document as the Public Offering Statement, which was not discovered until later on that evening.  Critical thinking is the enemy of the Bluegreen presentation. For those who are considering purchasing, be sure to request "private time" to review the program rules and procedures.  DO NOT TAKE WHAT THE SALESPERSON SAYS AT FACE VALUE.  Weigh and consider the Resort point charges per night and the RCI program outlined in the first few sections of the large Resort Binder.  The sales pitch you are given, stating that you will be able to vacation free for the rest of your life, is a bunch of BS.  Doing some serious investigative work once we returned home, I discovered (via disclosure from one of the BG reps through whom you would normally book your vacation) the conversion value is 5000 points = about $200.00  I'm sorry but spending $28K for 20,000 points a year at that conversion rate (when we were told our BG vacations would be free) is not a good deal to me.  It's more like a RIP OFF!  If you do sign and have second thoughts, make sure you follow the current rescission instructions TO THE LETTER.  At present, Nevada State Law only gives you 5 DAYS to send in the rescission notice.  It must be sent to the corporate offices in Boca Raton, FL.  Overnight the paperwork along with ALL materials (Bluegreen and RCI books) given, with receipt return confirmation.  Make copies of everything you mail to the corporate offices.  I went as far as to having both the rescission paper and my own personal rescission letter (which included the date of signing, our contract #, etc) notarized. As of 9/12/11: In Nevada, the purchaser of a timeshare may cancel, by written notice, the contract of sale until midnight of the fifth calendar day following the date of EXECUTION of the contract. The contract of sale  MUST  include a statement of this right. The notice of cancellation may be delivered personally to the developer or sent by certified mail or telegraph to the business address of the developer. The developer shall, within 15 days after receipt of the notice of cancellation, return all payments made by the purchaser. Today, 9/28/11, makes day 15, and upon checking my bank account, I see that the credit was made to my account, less $75 for the materials (the vacation books).  The $75 we were told would be credited after we return the materials, which they received on 9/28/11.    Update - 12/28/11 - Still waiting for my $75 to be refunded from the BG Vegas Sales Center.
1	The place is new but not nice.  It's middle of the road decor.  The walls are thin so you can hear every word from your neighbors and then you are right next to the airport.  It's a mile from the strip too - not walkable unless you don't plan to walk much once you get to the strip.  Consider renting a car to get back and forth to the strip.  Staff was not that friendly either. And, DON'T do the timeshare presentation.  It took more than 3 hours and we kept saying "No" which wasn't taken seriously.  They kept offering another lower option...did you know the can get down to $695 for a trial year.  Way different from the $32k that it started from.  I wish I had paid for a hotel, the free stay wasn't worth the headache.
4	short shot from the strip and very hospitable
1	I'm still having problems with this place. I booked a vacation at their Dolphin Beach Club and then was contacted by one of Bluegreens reps saying that I should upgrade to another resort (more money) because Dolphin Beach was a dump. That word is a quote. He actually used the word "dump" to describe one of their own resorts.I didn't think Dolphin beach was THAT bad, although I found it a little weird that there was no staff in the lobby ... just a note saying to go to another hotel down the street to pick up my room keys. And when I did maybe they should have checked my ID?
3	Good place to stay of you don't want the hassle of traffic in the Strip. The rooms are  modern and spacious. Being just across the airport is a plus and minus thing, but I don't mind the noise which is virtually not noticeable when you're inside your room.Parking is free and plenty but I have a bone to grind with the parking security guys. They have those TINY parking restrictions signs saying the parking spots are supposed to be 15 minutes only, and BAM, they hit you with a parking violation citation. It's like getting charged by your credit card company for an item that was buried on fine print.
4	I'm a Bluegreen owner. This was my first visit to the Vegas property but my 4th or 5th to the Vegas area in general. Regarding the costs, the Bluegreen maintenance fees are legendary $$$$$. I wasn't able to use my points directly for this trip, which REALLY annoyed me. I had to do a trade (using points) thru RCI which added the trade fee (UGH!) Then I had to get a guest certificate because my son checked in 24 hours before I did! Given the location, this was ALOT more hassle and fees than it warranted! Overall, I could've stayed at the Imperial Palace for alot less, more geographically conveniently, but nowhere near as nice a room.  First, the obvious - the location isn't the greatest. It's between two vacant lots at the end of the runway! There was some rumbling from the planes but nothing awful (everything is relative, I live near O'Hare so maybe I'm desensitized to the noise! lol) We used alot of buses on this trip - the WAX to Fremont area, the Deuce to the strip. It's about a 5 minute walk (for a healthy person) to the bus stop near the MGM Grand parking deck. It's a 10 minute walk to get into the MGM Grand, which is the closest Strip property. From the airport a taxi will cost you $10-20 depending on traffic. The WAX bus will get you close for $2.The inside & amenities of the resort were just fine. We stayed in a A-room (710 sq ft) which is bigger than the B rooms. Decor, furnishings, supplies - all great. Free in-room coffee/hot chocolate. Just ask for more if you want more! Laundry facilities are in the room & supplies are provided. The full sized kitchen has everything except a standard oven. The microwave is also a convection oven. Huge bathroom, two separate showers (one with two shower heads) only one potty. Wi-fi is free. But you need to check-in with a $100 on a credit card.The resort staff is friendly and helpful. They can help with transportation ideas, show tickets, etc. Nice people! And there's a water cooler filled with ice water & fruit near the door.I didn't use the pool, but I did check it out. If its warm outside, there's a deck to sit & sun on. If it's cold, the pool is indoors so who cares?! There's a whirlpool & a bar in the pool area.The fitness center was small, but adequate. It had two ellipticals, 3 stationary bike, 2 or 3 treadmills, a handful of standard weight machines, a cable machine, a set of free weights, some mats, a couple large exercise balls. It's not extensive, but it's enough. The onsite restaurants are fine. Einstein bagels, Vegas Best pizza (no comparison to Chicago, but decent) Grind Burgers. We ate at all three. Also shopped at the ABC store - prices were typical of Vegas touristy places. I woulld have liked to shop at a grocery store OFF the strip area, but I didn't have a car & wasn't motivated enough to take a bus to Albertsons.I'm not a big Vegas fan, but I liked this resort. If I have to go back to Vegas, I'd stay there again IF I could use points (not trade thru RCI) and NOT need a guest certificate.
3	Just celebrated my 30th birthday in Las Vegas (woo-hoo!) and my family's time-share points allowed me to stay at the Bluegreen Club 36 for 5 days last week.  We got two rooms connected together; each room had its own kitchen, washer & dryer, living room and bedroom with a California King sized bed (I guess they assumed the rooms need beds that big in case 4 or more people stay over - though I don't believe that many people need to be in a bed at the same time unless it's one of THOSE parties...)The amount of things to do in the hotel itself seemed limited - they had a pool/hot tub area, a work out room, a massage parlor... and that's it - but really, when you go to Vegas how much stuff do you REALLY want to do in the hotel anyway? (Note: also, this was one of the few hotels I've been to in Vegas that did NOT have any kind of gambling in its building, including slot machines. Kinda refreshing, actually...)The location of the hotel was PERFECT.  Only 5 minutes from the airport and 5 minutes (or less) to the strip, both of which one could get to with the use of their shuttle service! My friends/family and I were able to cook meals in the room with the use of their microwave/oven combo, and if we needed extra stuff we could go downstairs, walk right outside and go to the convenience store (or pizza place, or Subway, or Einstein's Bagels) built right next to the building!The only complaints I had about the place? 1) The shuttle only ran once every hour, and stopped at 8 P.M.; 2) One of my friends mentioned that the ambiance of the place looks a little bit stuck in the past.  Not like 1970s colors and stuff, but they could use a bit of an update in some of the areas (like the pool area);3) No continental breakfast?!? As much money as it costs for having the time share, I'd like to think it would at least afford me the ability to get a muffin and some oatmeal from downstairs when I first wake up! (Oh well - I guess that's what the Einstein's next door is for); and4) If you don't want to use their free computers on the 2nd floor (which can act very slow at times), it's $6.95 for 24 hours of Wi-Fi. Again, as much money as is already being paid to stay there...In short: a nice, conveniently located hotel with comfortable accommodations for anyone looking to stay at a nice place near the strip!
1	Worst timeshare on the planet!!!!! Where to start? Got stuck in their elevator for 45 minutes today. Walls in the rooms are paper thin. At the moment it is 1:17am and instead of sleeping I'm listening to the TV of the neighboring room. Called the front desk and they've done NOTHING!!!!! Save your money folks and go to a hotel or get a timeshare that isn't the ghetto that Bluegreen's Club 36 is proving to be.
2	We purchased a 2 night 3 day package from Bass Pro Shop for 99 bucks...The package included a $25 Bass Pro shop gift card.   After you set through a 3 hr sales pitch you receive another BPS gift card for 100 bucks and a $50 VISA card..not bad i guess.    The hotel is located east of the strip on Tropicana, right across from the airport.  You want to ask for an A room (north side of the hotel) the B rooms face south and look directly at the runway.  If you have kids and don't mind staying off the strip this might be OK.  We will not be returning...
1	As of today, I have yet to receive my $75 refund for the return of the materials.  Bluegreen = BIG F-CKING FAIL!!
3	We stayed here because it was close to the airport. We had an early flight on Sunday so my husband thought staying here would be a good idea. If you don't mind enduring a sales pitch for a couple of hours then this place is okay. I personally mind.  The room is comfy and decorated decently. I didn't like that they only had two thin pillows on the bed.  The room is also equipped with a fridge, stove,  washer and dryer. I liked the fridge because we used it to store late night snacks and water. There are convenient stores and food places on the premise if you don't want to go far for a bite to eat.
1	I got suckered into this place due to Bass Pro Shops. They offered 2 nights in Vegas here PLUS a 4 night cruise for $150. Killer deal right? Well there is a catch. You have to sit through a timeshare presentation. The only exposure I had of timeshares up to this point has been a South Park episode.It is NOT a presentation as much as a salesperson talking you out of as much money as they can get. My salesperson was an older lady by the name of Cynthia. She tried a grandmother approach by telling me that I needed to vacation more. She told me I was overstressed and what I needed was to use their timeshare condos to relax. I could not agree more but Cynthia kept circumventing my two most important questions: How much does this cost? How does this compare to booking a vacation off Orbitz, Priceline or Groupon?She just said, "lets not worry about the cost" and "I promise you this will pay off in the long run." A British gentleman eventually gave me a quote. $32,000 to buy into the program along with a $1,220 annual fee. If I can't come up with the cost all at once, I can finance the admission fee at a rate of 16.99% APR. Cynthia refused to take no for an answer. After two and a half hours, I finally got fed up and pointed to the time on my cell, "It is noon, I am hungry and bored. Can we wrap this up?" This pissed her off. She walked out the room and slammed the door in my face. The property is located 3 blocks east of MGM Grand. There is a small indoor swimming pool with no ventilation. It felt like a sauna in there. Internet access comes at a premium. There are 3 public computers on the 2nd floor but they are so old, they can barely run internet explorer. The room well appointed but cannot compare to a basic room at the Venetian or Rio.If you are looking for a cheap room in Vegas, consider the Stratosphere first. If you already got suckered into Bluegreen, prepare yourself for some serious BS.
1	I went there because Bluegreen told me if I sit through a 2 hr presentation with my husband I will get $150 Visa card. We've been to many timeshare presentations and this is by far the hardest to get away from. The sales lady and manager treated us like old friends at first, but when we told them we don't make large purchases on the same day and needed time to "think and discuss" their evil horns started growing from their heads. They then kept saying the company has integrity and don't hard sell you, but no... we tried to walk away politely several times but they just won't let us. Even the show rooms have cheap furniture, I actually sat on the chair. I can imagine what kind of furniture they have in the "real" rooms. The manager told us many people take advantage of the system, come to the presentation and don't buy... At one point of the sales pitch, Cynthia told us couples who have good relationship have a higher chance of buying. After we finally got out of their crutches, we went online to ripoff report, and BOY were we glad we got away with $150... I felt so bad for the people who bought. My goodness!!! During the presentation they told us their company is debt free. But some of the people who bought have to- file for bankruptcy-got their credit card numbers and private details passed on to 3rd party marketing company - have to sell their time share for much less than what they paid for-got pressured to buy an upgrade for $7000 more because they can't book a room with their current pointsJust imagine a husband/ wife trying to save the marriage and bought then now have more problems.This is an evil company. If you do go, just don't buy from them, take the gift and runP.S the presentation went on for 3 hrs long.
1	I booked the timeshare spiel and 3 days 2 nights here through basspro and I booked my dates immediately. I got an email a few week before the trip with the info for my mandatory presentation and I was shocked that it was smack in the middle of our only full day. It's only supposed to be 2 hours long so surely they have options about when you do it during 3 days right? I called and asked if I could change it to the day we arrived or the day of check out they said NO. We were planning a kayaking tour of the Hoover Dam (a six hour activity) on the second day of the trip and they couldn't accommodate this.So they get to monopolize your only full day and tell you to deal with it-unless it is still within the 21 day period that you can cancel for a refund- and I was. Well if all I get to do while on vacation is hear your hard sell devious sales pitch then I'll pass. Also I have read a bunch of reviews that tell about 4 or more hour sales pitch marathons that they won't let you leave from-well I guess we know why you demand that the presentation be in the middle of you only full day-so that they can keep at for hours and hours and hours if they need to to squeeze you hard earned money from you.
5	Best place I have ever stayed in Vegas. I like to stay away from the strip when I come to Vegas. Majority of the time, I'm here to visit family and don't like the crowds that occupies the strip. Bluegreen was very comfortable and the staff members are very friendly. The room was wonderful. I love how I can do my laundry there. It minimizes the clothes I have to bring. That way, I don't get yelled at by my boyfriend about how much I pack just for a weekend. =) The property is very clean and there's an ABC Store, Liquor Store, Subway, Pizza Place and a Grill. All very conveniently located right outside the property. I am not an owner but I still get a great price to stay here. I am definitely coming back here again.
3	We stayed here for 2 nights for $99 and once we completed to timeshare meeting we received $100 gift card to bass pro shop. The resort was nice. Nothing fabulous but loved that it was smoke free. The room was really nice. We have ts meetings in the past and this was not as bad as others. We were done in less than the 2 hours and our guy was not pushy at all. Worth the 2 hrs to save the money of staying at a regular resort. Wouldnt mind staying there again.
3	If your looking for close to the strip but not to close this is probably your place to stay, its not at all horrible. We ended up here the next 3 nights of our girls trip after spending a day in The Cosmopolitan. We had both connecting rooms which was by far way to big for the 4 of us, it was comparable to a 2 bedroom villa each having their own living room and kitchen. Of course as the setup is usually with these timeshare resorts, I am an owner myself of one in Vegas, one room is generally much larger than the other. These rooms more so cater to family vacations, providing a fully stocked kitchen (not food of course) and in room washer/dryers. Not to mention the timeshares usually have kid activities planned. The Bluegreen actually has a handful of eateries/stores located on the same property (Einstein Bagels, The Grind Burger Bar & Lounge, ABC Store, Liquor Store, Subway, & Pizza shop). Though mind you most of these places are closed by 10PM and there is nothing within walking distance (IE, greasy food cravings could not be satisfied that come from drunkenness) They do provide free shuttle service that runs til 8PM, it has three drop locations: Fashion Mall, Tropicana, and... yea I forgot the third I'm not so helpful in this area we only took it once. Oh make sure to call front desk to have them call you a cab, takes about 10-15 minutes for them to arrive. All things said and done this isn't really a bad place to stay given you want this kind of vacation style in Vegas, it just was not for me or my late night food cravings.
2	To start my Navigation took me through the Ghetto to get to The Resort, for a minute i thought to my self there's no way i made the correct turn,but guess what i did. The resort is 1 block away from a real run down area. Had to make sure i left nothing in my car.As for the service it was good, the sales reps worn't too pushy (surprisingly).The pool is indoors and when you walk in the Chlorine is a slap in the face for about 20min until you get use to it.Room sizes are decent and have good modern furniture.Would i stay again maybe.
3	i have been a Bluegreen Owner for over 15 years.  I have stayed at multiple resorts and all are clean, all have washers/dryers, lowering the amount of packing of clothes, all have beautiful appliances, multiple bathrooms and showers. The beds have cozy matresses and multiple pillows (more if you call the staff).  All have hottubs, heated pools year around, all near resort areas like Gatlinburg, Piegon Forge, Mrytle Beach, Las Vegas Strip, Viriginia Beach and even Williamsburg, VA., and Branson, MO. Yes, the salesman are too pushy and often rude, which is indeed a take away.  Yes, the resale value is nothing truthfully.  When we tried to sell the timeshare when economy started getting bad and husband lost hours and was laid off.  Bluegreen sadly wouldn't help.  We were originally told we can rent out our points, sale them back or to another owner.  We bought one time share in directly through them after a 4 hour down the throat bash down.  Then we were told we couldnt cancel even though it was 3 business later. they said they count calendar days.  But after years of paying maintenance fees, taxes etc. we use the time share online successfully via Bluegreenowner.com, and if we need assistance, there staff has always been excellent about getting the dates we need most of the time with a little as 2 weeks notice.In the last few years, we bought another timeshare on eBay from a retiring owner, which Bluegreen drug their feet transferring title for nearly 7 months.  The broker handling the transfer stated he would never assist an owner in selling in the future; he worked with several timeshare owners of other resorts, Bluegreen is the worst.  Most timeshares transfer ownership in less then 6-8 weeks.  Also, if i want to combine my points to one timeshare (its points not an actual property anyways) they wanted $6,500 to get the gold membership, another rip off. this would have given us more perks and lowered annual fees. they are there for the profit, as much as you can squeeze a future buyer or even current owner.I wish the salesmen were more honest but they are not, and after reading the complaints on here and online, that hasn't changed in 15 years.  We were intially stuck and still are so we make the best of it, but when we retire we will attempt to sell again and not dump the timeshare fees onto our children.  They love going but you can get a nice hotel also without the yearly obligation of fees or loosing money due to resale value is 10cents on the dollar.  The falsehood is a current owner sees the value and wants to pass that value to our children.  We do see a value for now, but would never incase our children into a property that  you can get a nice hotel without future obligations.  By the way, i purchased the first timeshare which is 10000 bi-annual points (can use every other year) cost $12500, bought 20000 points annually from eBay from another owner, $3500 (cost directly from Bluegreen around $16000) annual dues and taxes for both properties annually $2400 approximately. Also points expire annually and they don't post that on line then did for one year, but i was told by employee, president of resort took that benefit away.  I asked for points total given since i owned and list of points expired lost over 40000 points over the years that expired and never notified. crazy, if you accidently stay over a night they charged my credit card $265 per night ( i marked wrong day for leaving)
1	Hey ding bags!You had us as a customer who bought this package from bass pro shops for a couple days stay at your hotel/resort. And YOU KNOW WHAT?? We called and you basically transferred our phone call 3 times and at last you refunded our money?? We didn't want our money refunded, you almost ruined our labor day vacation which is in a week or so. Too bad so sad, were flying to Hawaii and were gonna have a  great time!Let me break it down for you. We wanted to go on a trip, bass pro shop sold us a package, we wanted to go to and we were sold. Tried to book it today and you guys said we don't qualify. Qualify for what?? Why sell it if we can't use it? That's misadvertising. Guess what? We were going to go the cruise and BUY YOUR TIME SHARE!! but its your loss. You guys were shockingly rude on the phone and didn't want our business. You transferred our call three times and the manager was then on the phone and refunded us and didn't even want to deal with us. I've worked in sales before and this is exactly where you guys are heading--- bankruptcy! If you guys treat customers with poor service, they will not come back! We'll bring our time and money somewhere else to spend, and definitely never go back to you guys!Completely outrageous! We even told you we didn't want our money refunded. But you basically said f**k you good bye.Well now f**k you and see u never!
4	Full disclosure - my wife and I are Bluegreen owners, but did not do a timeshare presentation at this location.  We did our Bluegreen presentation in Charleston, SC and subsequently bought the minimum we could, and upped our points twice.  Most of the complaints about the Bluegreen sales presentations are valid.  We didn't think they were pushy - but we were planning on buying a timeshare when we went to our presentation.  Prices are exorbitant to buy from Bluegreen, we upped our points via eBay - the points were $350, and would have been greater than $18K from Bluegreen.That being said, I've always been happy with the company when it comes to booking/planning my vacations.  This is my first time staying in the Las Vegas location, and I'm pretty impressed.  One - we're here for a wedding, my wife and I really don't like Vegas, nor do we gamble.  Not having a casino downstairs is awesome.  The bed was comfortable, more comfortable than some of their locations, and on par with others.  Unlike other resorts Bluegreen has, the 2 bedroom floorplan is really just two one bedrooms with a connecting door. For updated info - the WiFi is now free, and it's AT&T wifi - so you iPhone/iPad will connect for free and automatically if you have WiFi turned on.
4	Great place to stay!  Are there sales pitches?  Yes, it's a timeshare dummy.  Is it expensive to own?  Yes, but that is why I bought, I don't want to vacation with riff-raff.  All the employees I have met here have been very nice and extremely helpful.
4	We, like everyone else, ended up buying the 2 night package from bass pro shops. Had planned on going to Vegas anyway, so what the hay, we will check it out. Nice rooms, like jr. condos, full amenities in the rooms with great extras like washer/dryer, fully stocked kitchen etc. Not far from the strip, especially if you have a rental car. You can actually stay here, just like a regular hotel, without attending the sales seminar or buying.  They do rent rooms just like a regular hotel. And no.  We didn't buy.
1	Stayed here after booking through Bass Pro Shops. All I will say is once I use the Bass Pro Shop gift cards I will never shop there again based on this experience. The hotel is fair but a ways from the strip and the shuttle only runs till 9 or so.BUT BUYER BEWARE REGARDING THE INITIAL PURCHASE. We were lied too numerous times by the Rep Inside bass pro shops then lied to when booking. After spending hours dealing with these scumbags they finally booked what they were supposed to in the first place.Tour was 3 hours not 2 like they claim.Called Bass Pro shops to tell them they have liars mis representing inside the store but apparently they could care less due to their manager not calling back either time.DO NOT  FALL FOR THE TRAP BLUEGREEN 36 AND BASS PRO SHOPS ARE OFF MY LIST.
5	This review is pretty late. About a year late to be exact. Lol. But I was pleasantly surprised at how big the suites were! My friends and I went to Vegas to do what 21 year olds do best, party and drink! My friend's mom had a timeshare here so we decided to stay here as it was the cheapest option. The suites were huge and beautiful. The location of the hotel is about a 10 minute from the Strip. I have no real complaints about the room or service really. However, one night during our stay, we were rudely awakened to a creepy voice telling us there was an emergency and that we needed to evacuate right away. I guess someone pulled the fire alarm. It was a false alarm. Luckily it was because my friend and I managed to wake up our other friend who was sleeping on the couch, but forgot to wake up the other two that were sleeping in the other room. (We had one room and one suite that were connected by a door) Lol. But I guess I can't be mad at the hotel for that whole ordeal. Overall, really clean hotel! And the free shuttle service is pretty nice too. Only downside is it's rather quiet and it's very family friendly. So if you're going with friends wanting to party, you may feel a bit out of place at the hotel.
1	The room is actually OK. I got to stay there one night with very cheap price. I stayed here about 2 years ago. The reason why I came up and give one star is their marketing calls!! They've been trying to call me and sell me the deal or time share package for the last 6 months. Luckily I gave them my Google Voice number. I can block callers and report as spam so I will not receive any call from this number in the future. But they got smarter!! changed phone numbers 4 times. So if you want to stay at this place, make sure you give out fake phone number. Otherwise, you'll end up like these people here: http://800notes.com/Phone.aspx/1-407-517-4913#p470948844093543298
1	My brother in law got the deal from Bass Pro Shop. We stayed at Blue Green over Veteran's day weekend. The place was very nice. However, I am now dealing with credit card charges that were not authorized and no one can tell me what they are for. They also charged my brother in law $200 for the time share meeting which they went to and have the signed paperwork. I believe they also charged me for the timeshare meeting but no one can answer any questions and I have been transferred over 10 times to different people.   They are saying the cant even find the charge and then transfer me. it was charged two days after I left. I will not stay here or at any other Blue Green resorts again. They have lost my business as well as my family's. I will be sure to share this with friends.
2	lets start from the beginning...my mom and i were out at bass pro shops in mid november when we were approached to buy a 2 night 3 day stay at a vegas resort for $99 plus they would give us a $25 gift card for bass pro on the spot. I love bass pro shops, so the thought of a bass pro resort... too good to be true. no seriously, it was all lies. so after my mom gives the man her credit card he discloses the fine print... you must have a credit card and you must be employed to receive this offer. we were still in. then he says book before 2013 and you will receive an extra $50 gc in addition to a $50 for attending a 2 hour timeshare meeting. we upgrade and get a 2 bedroom & my mom invites guest. the rooms appeared to be nice as was the casino-less smoke free off the strip hotel. It had a 2 full kitchens, 3 showers and a dvd player with an indoor pool. my daughter loved it. so my mom attends the meeting and the rest of us go out to eat. THEY TRIED TO EVICT US!!! my mom is on workman's comp for an injury she received at work and told her she was disqualified and would have to leave immediately and not receive her gift card. lucky for us my uncle hit the jackpot at circus circus and the comp'd us a room so we were out of there. the get 1 star for the indoor pool that my daughter loved and 1 star for the hotel room amenities. they lose 1 star for that low quality appliances/furniture, 1 star for location (vegas ghetto) and 1 star for their poor customer service.will not be returning. the suites at signature are better quality and closer to the strip.
5	This place is one of my favors place to stay in Vegas. All the rooms are suites/ apr styles. They all have deprecate bedrooms from the living area. The bedroom is far from the hallway so at night when your sleeping you don't have to hear all the ripple walking down the hallway or pass your room.. Every room has it own full kitchen and   Full living room. And everything you need in between.. There's also a washer and dryer.. Full dishes and spoon and forks, full dish washer as well. The hotel is ver nice decorate and rooms are also. My own complains was my mattress was very hard and flat sheet was hard and Blanket wasn't the great. Next time I will bring my own blanket.. And the price are always great! Parking is also great and free well lighted.. It's not far from the strip at all. It's like a black from the strip. U can see the MGM hotel from blue greens hotel. There restrooms are also nice and big. There's also a nice hallway closest..   I think the room is 500 sq ft.. It was perfect for me and my husband!!! The staff members are also very nice and helpful !
1	I came here for a promotion at 2 nights for $200 and if we sat through a 120 minute presentation, we would get a 4 night caribbean cruise for 2.  I WILL NEVER STAY AT ANOTHER BLUEGREEN RESORT AGAIINNNN.  And I'm telling everyone in my path to stay far away as well.  After the timeshare 'presentation', aka 'the snake pit' I like to call it, I felt completely unsafe and uncomfortable being inside the walls of bluegreen.  We were bullied, put down, and humiliated to begin with...complained to the manager...who clearly didn't care, because he feigned concern for 1 second, "talked to our lady" and then sent us on our way with her.  She told me if I didn't sit there with her for 4 hours, then I would have to pay full price at the hotel and not get the cruise, EVEN THOUGH I ALREADY SAT THROUGH THE 120 MINUTE PRESENTATION.  She was a horrible, horrible person and no one was there to protect us.  Bluegreen vacation timeshares have a rating of 1 on consumer reports by 80% of its buyers.  The timeshares are very difficult to book and even when you do, you are more likely to be dissatisfied with the hotels.  They are very expensive, a waste of time, and you are basically forced to buy one.  I ended up buying one and I refer to myself as being 'brainwashed' into it, because the SECOND I GOT BACK TO MY ROOM, I CANCELLED.  These people are ruthless, greedy, and rude.  I felt like I was in the matrix after I found out what kind of people work there.  And to top it off, as we tried to exit, NO ONE WOULD HELP US GET OUR BAGS that were locked away while we got a bagel.  I had to SHOUT across the lobby to get any attention.  THIS PLACE SUCKS STAY FAR FAR FAR AWAY.  There's millions of other places.
4	Heading to Las Vegas on a busy weekend? I happened to plan a trip during President's weekend, but didn't realize that simply because I didn't have Monday off didn't mean that everyone else did too. So to my dismay my friends and I were homeless for about 3 hours. Even the "lower end" hotels like Excalibur or Circus Circus were full and we were not about to shell out $800/nt at the Bellagio. I know how amazing the hotel and accommodation can be, but for the city of Lost Wages, I'm not here to simply help Vegas take my money.So using an app on my phone I came by BlueGreen Club 36, 5 min off the strip right by the airport. After a quick call my friends and I were confirmed for the weekend at a very reasonable rate of $200/nt! To top it off the staff was very friendly the moment we walked in and we were amazed at the accommodation that were available to us. The "junior suite" we were automatically upgraded to at no extra charge was very spacious and was filled with very up to date equipment. The room actually came with a kitchen with modern appliances (a fridge! no more dumping ice into the tub to keep our alcohol cold!), washer and dryer (very useful after booze filled nights, trust me), two full beds and a huge bathroom.Granted this hotel seems perfect for those looking for a place to stay during a conference, but we used it for our "booze fueled" weekend and everything came in handy!If you're in need of a last minute stay for a decent price and great location to the Strip, BlueGreen Club 36 is definitely a place you should look into! Truly a desert oasis!
5	I took a trip to Vegas for my son's 21st birthday / new years eve. Vegas is pretty expensive during the holidays. I found this place on vacationrentals.com. The owner rented it to us for a decent price. There was 5 adults 2 teenagers, and 2 children with us so this place was perfect. We had plenty of sleeping space (everyone slept on a comfortable bed or queen pull out), all linens included, a kitchen to cook, and the strip was walking distance (However, we did not walk since it was about 35-45 degrees out.) There's a heated indoor pool and a gym which everyone took advantage of. If you don't feel like cooking there's a burger joint and a pizza place downstairs. Forgot to pack something or don't feel like driving 10 minutes away to Safeway?...there's a convenience store as well. Not just a gift shop, but a full convenience store with eggs, bacon, wine, beer, coffee, etc. A plus...on NYE we were able to see all the firework displays from all the hotels from the strip! I highly recommend this place if you're traveling to Vegas with a large group or with kids.
3	We ended up buying a timeshare b.c we stayed here under a bass pro shop promotion. The room was a nice size.  walk in shower was great. Indoor pool was nice since it was kind of cold when we went in February. ABC store downstairs is very convenient.. We're told they bought the empty land next door and they will be building a lazy river and mini golf. I'll probably wait until that happens before I come back.
4	We stayed here the weekend of 4/19/13 to 4/21/13 I booked this hotel on hotels.com. We came her for my sisters 21st birthday and me and my husband wanted to find something cheap and roomy and we noticed this place had a kitchen and washer/dryer so so i booked it right then and there, i noticed it wasn't on the strip but that's fine because it had a free shuttle service and that was great we planed on using it but i will talk more about that later. The service:So we walking into the lobby to check in and it was packed people looked confused and so did the workers they just looked over whelmed like they had never seen that many people in there hotel before (i guess people were there for a time share presentation) so we make or way up the the registration desk and a nice young man welcomes us and says if he can help and i say yes and we check in he was really nice i don't remember his name but (i believe it was delmar) i could be wrong not sure.Anyways we have to go to another desk to get a parking pass (which is free) and the lady asked if we were part of the time share thing we said no and she asked if we wanted to go and see if we were interested and we would get a gift card of 100$ so i said sure why not i always wanted to see how those worked anyway so she signs us up for the next morning. The Room: We finally make our way up to the room and you know how they always make the picture online look all fancy and when you get there it isn't well i kid you not when we got to our room it looked exactly like the picture but better the kitchen was great it came complete with everything you would need and the washer/dryer was really easy to use if your husband can use it you know its easy haha there were two showers and the master shower had two shower heads which me and my husband though where cool especially if you want to save water ;) the room was great the bed was comfortable and they had a lot of towels we didn't even has to call for more.The pool: We didn't get a chance to go in were we busy with my sister birthday a lot of the time and we really wanted to go in but time wasn't on our side but it looked nice we went to go check it out there is a bar in there but for some reason it isn't open like there was no liquor or cups like it was new which i though was weird but whatever.The shuttle: Okay so the shuttle where do i start its a good idea but it only comes every 1 hour and it doesn't bring you back which is weird because there right next to the MGM grand so they could or should make it were they drop you off there since the monorail is there anyways if you wanted to get a round and also they stop it around 8 which is lame because no one party's that early unless you plan on getting drunk before 11 and going home haha and it would be great not having to worry about drinking and driving and taxi here are so expensive its crazy so i wished it could of did that but i know your probably thinking now your asking for to much lol but still that just my 2 cents.The time share: We woke up early around 9am since it was at 10am the lady said to come 10 mins early so we did so we can check in there,so we tell them our name and they cant find us they go and look around ask other employees get the main managers and then finally say they have to sign us up again so we get told to go out again and sign up were we were last time, so we go and this nice lady helps us (this time i really don't remember here name), so we sign up again and she apologize for the inconvenience and says instead of 100$ we will get 125$ so i am like okay that's really nice of her, so we go to the time share thing and this guy name ron is talking about all the great places he has been and starts saying how it our fault that "we" don't ever go on vacation and blah blah talking about all the money he has and all the places he has been (you know if you have been to one) they say there not gonna presser you but they did when we get out but we cant afford it and honestly it sounded great but we have small kids and it just wont work now,so what did i learn about this: well you know that line time is money well for poor people or not so financially people ,money is time because if you have the money then you would have the time, you cant go on vacation with out money first! The check out: so we woke up at 9 and our check out time is at 10 and we wanted to eat and go swimming before we left, so i called down stairs and ask if we could stay longer and they said we can stay till 11 and after that its 20$ an hour so me and my husband go out to eat we get home around 10 and decided we need to leave because we really missed our kids and our home but honestly i wished we could have stayed longer and next time we are gonna bring the kids because the whole time we were there we kept talking about how the kids would enjoy this and everything vegas has to offer for the kids, i cant write anymore so i will leave it at this We had a great time and will be coming back
1	I'd give this place a 0 if yelp would let me.We attempted to do the $149 for the weekend deal via Bass Pro. I realized it was a timeshare thing, but figured I'd just go with it and enjoy the vacation. Upon arriving at the "Bluegreen Club 36" we were greeted with the oddness that really is that place. A bellhop, Keith came to greet us and help us with our bags, his personality charming and happiness infectious. It was also when we noticed the state of the hotel. It was dirty and had a smell of old fish left out too long. The man at the desk Raoul was very nice, and started the checkin process. My girlfriend asked about which room we were getting and if we were getting a king sized bed as we were expecting. Raoul explained that be believed we were getting the bed, but the hotel was sold out and he would be unable to upgrade the room into an "A" model. Upon getting into our room, we looked around and saw a lot of dirt. The general areas were cleaned but you could tell the staff were talking a lot of short cuts. A ton of dust and dirt were on all of the picture and door frames. We ask the cleaning lady in vacuuming the hallway about it, and were told the cleaning staff would "get to it". They never did.We decided to leave the hotel to get food and start to enjoy our vacation. In the elevator we were sharing with a couple of men who were discussing which escort service they were getting "talent" from, who's room they would be filming in, and how much time did they think they'd need to finish shooting their porn. While I'm not a prude, there are some things I'd rather not be going on down the hall from where my girlfriend and I sleep. It was when we got to the lobby I discovered there really isn't anyone or anything marked security. I asked the guy at the desk about it, and while attempting to hold back his smile again told me "they'd get to it". After we spent time on the strip we attempted to get the shuttle back to the hotel. When we found it, we were told that it was "drop off only" and we'd have to find our own way back to the hotel. Being at the MGM we figured we'd walk the distance back to the hotel, which turned out to be a huge mistake. Not only was the hotel a bit farther than expected, it took us through some of the more sketchy areas of the backside of the strip. Many times homeless people would appear out of nowhere. I started to wonder where this hotel was located with this many homeless and sketchy people around it.Tired and beyond done with the day, we only wanted to climb into bed and hope tomorrow would be better. This is when we discovered that the cleaning people hadn't even bothered to stop by. Sadly things would get worse still... The bed was not even a queen bed. My girlfriend and I were forced to sleep in separate areas as the bed was so small only one could comfortably sleep on it at a time. When we pulled back the sheets we found hairs all over it. I wonder if they even bothered changing the sheets when the last people checked out. There is no excuse for it really. It was the very first time we've ever had to sleep in our clothes hoping we don't catch some diseases. I was woken up in the night with the serenades of drunk idiots down the hall arguing. While thing kept escalating I was reminded how there wasn't any security. I called the front desk and got the standard "we'll get to it" answer. I'm unclear if the argument found its course or if the staff did something, but I was able to get a couple of hours sleep before I had to go through the seminar. I had decided that we were checking out and moving to a different hotel. That's how bad that whole place was. I would check out and pay a much higher rate at a different hotel elsewhere because this place was so horrible. During the seminar (which don't believe the times. I guess if you agree right away to buy its only 1.5 hours. We were there for close to 4) when I pointed out all the problems with the place I was told I should have demanded to be moved. I kept pointing out that I had called the front desk and spoke to its people a few times, and all I heard was that the hotel was sold out, so I'm not sure where I was going to be moved to. I also heard this same thing from the front desk when we checked out, which was more odd as it was the same guy that told me the place was sold out. When I pointed that out to him, he became silent and only said "yeah".  All in all, I feel this place was horrible place to stay and honestly feel like I've been ripped off as nothing in any of the pictures look anything like what we stayed in.
1	2 words... Bed Bugs. Welp, that sums up everything. Beware. SICK.
1	Found out about Bluegreen from Bass Pro where we were offered a two-night stay at their Las Vegas location for $150. We received a $25 Bass Pro gift card when we signed up and were promised $100-$125 (depending on how quickly you book the trip, etc.) worth of additional Bass Pro gift cards simply to attend their 2-hour "no pressure" high pressure sales pitch for their "vacation homes"....timeshare. Ok, fine. We thought we knew what we signed up for...until we got there. I read a few reviews unfortunately after we booked the trip to ask for an "A-room" upon our arrival, so of course we did but they were allegedly completely booked, so that was not possible. Instead, we got stuck in a tiny cramped B-room with a full size bed (we were promised a king size and we complained about this at a later time to which we were met with, "wow, I can't believe that" from our pushy sales woman who of course did nothing to resolve our concerns). The room overlooked a parking lot of the "resort" and some shady slum area behind the MGM Grand - don't walk back from the strip unless you want to feel like you might get mugged. We also found dark hairs on the comforter in the room and underneath the pillow case on the pillow! Again, all of this was expressed to the lower level staff (who all seemed very nice), but yet no one offered to have a manager speak with us or to resolve the problem in any way. We were so disgusted with the room and the unsavory people that were staying at this place (someone mentioned videotaping hookers in the elevator on our way up to our room at one point) that we left after one night and the ridiculous seminar we had to sit through, or else we would be charged additional money, and stayed at the Cosmopolitan. We would rather stay at a place that cost $250 dollars more than feel unsafe in a dirty Bluegreen hotel room that we already paid for. Now what does that tell you? We did receive the $100 additional Bass Pro gift cards we were promised, but that in no way made this stay acceptable.Consider yourself lucky if you see this review now and stay away before you even think about staying here.
4	Just stayed here over the weekend. Everything was great! The room was huge. Way bigger then normal rooms. Everyone who works here was Super Super nice! The front desk lady Mariam was so nice!Pros: Close to airport, $15 cab ride Close to MGM, (we walked there, about 10-15 min)Huge roomsClean roomsSuper staffFood / small grocery store right outsideCons:Pool is indoor  (we were told that they are going to make an outdoor pool !)It is a time share property so....owners have priority
1	Stay away from this place, the location is lousy,the shuttle service works great during the day, but after dark its useless the Bluegreen vacation timeshare is a scam, its over priced and after initial purchase the company over charges more for the "maintenance fees" .
4	Booked a room here on a super expensive Vegas weekend w/ a really good rate! I think it was about $100 a night on a Friday and Saturday. No resort fee! I haven't stayed in a room off the strip in a long time, and while there are moments where I wish it was more convenient to go back to my hotel room, over it worked out. The rooms here are more like timeshares. Suites with amenities. We booked a standard suite. Checkout was at 11am, even though it says 10am.The good:-A cute and modern kitchenette! We even had a dishwasher and a stove! Fully stocked with dishware, utensils, coffee and popcorn! -A washer and dryer. But we didn't use it.-A tv in the living room and in the bed room-A good size bathroom. And the water pressure was great-King size bed was comfy! -Staff was very attentive and if we requested something, they would call us afterwards to make sure we got it. -The gym was a good size. It wasn't crowded either in the morning. -Indoor pool. We didn't use it but I liked that it was there. Closes at 11pm at night.The not so great:-Walls are thin. We could hear our neighbors. Especially since a standard suite is connected to a deluxe. -Not enough pillows and towels. Had to request more.-No daily maid service. And extra $20 a day if you request it. -Air conditioning unit was LOUD! Kept waking me up at night every time it turned on. -Sofa bed sank in the middle-The layout of the suite could have been better. The hallway with the bathroom separated the living room and the bedroom. Both rooms felt very enclosed and partitioned off from one another.-More closet space. Especially with four girls! Really liked that there was a liquor store, ABC store and a few restaurants attached to the building. Really convenient! The drive to the strip is less then 5 minutes. The have free shuttles very hour too but it stops pretty early. Not for the party animals.Overall, good option if you want to save a bit of money and don't mind being off the strip!
2	Worst. Service. Ever.Worst. Layout. Ever.Staff always seemed like they couldn't be bothered with any issues we had and there were many. AC would not lower less than 72. The fan in the room was broken. The shuttle driver was SO RUDE. They pull you into their presentation to buy timeshares with them and say it's going to be 90 minutes ... my boyfriend went to this and didn't come back for 3 hours! No means no people. Your product is garbage. No one wants to buy it. Stop being rude to your guests and act like you realize that the reason you have a job is because they're staying at your hotel.I'd never go back. Because of this property, I'd never stay at any Blue Green.
4	I had a great time here. Nice room. I had the "A" room. I would stay here again. I paid $100 at the Del Mar fair and was given 3 days 2 nights-- I got this deal from the fair.Presentation was good. When we do decide to buy a Timeshare we will by from them. If you do the presentation ask for David. He's the best!!
3	The pool is cold, the rooms are huge, the mattresses are terrible. Take it or leave it. But you still have to sit through a timeshare presentation. Bleh
2	Stayed here over the weekend with a friend who had this time share.  When you are used to staying on the strip in fancy Casinos this does not compare.  It really felt like I was staying at the Holiday Inn. The bad part is you must get a taxi for everything cause you are not on the strip and the free shuttle it seems as though we always missed it. The room was okay, the shower was amazing, the couch bed was so bad. The indoor pool was not bad. I did not think I would like it but actually I did. The sun deck was nice small but nice and then went inside to use the pool to cool off. The pool is cooler than most indoor pools.I agree most of the staff were rude and even my friend who did own with you guys the man was extremely degrading when she went to her presentation. No offense but nobody is going to stay at a place or even buy when the staff are not friendly. Nobody wants to be put down. I get it, that is your job to get people to buy, but how about a smile and tell me why I should be apart of the team. Dont tell people what are you doing with her do you even have a job? Actually I do have a job I own my own medical practice. Just because someone arrives in swimwear does not mean they are a bum. Customer service is huge. :( sorry but I hope we never return.
5	I have stayed here 5 times. The entire resort is clean and modern. The rooms are comfortable and clean. Yes, it is away from the strip but there are way less drunk, loud and obnoxious people there.
1	Got sucked in buying a time share presentation deal.   Completely overpaid for our package!!!   Ended up paying $400 for 4 nights.   Way way too much for this place!!!They gave us 1 bedroom which was so small!   Note, if you end up with suite with letter B at the end, don't take it!   It is tiny and way too uncomfortable to sleep four.  The location is way off the strip which is also not convenient.   Could have stayed for the same money on the strip and avoided driving everywhere. The pool is tiny and was kind of cold.   The changing rooms, omg!!!   In the ladies changing room, shower (yes, only one), didn't work.   There were not even a single chair to put clothes on to change.  Very uncomfortable!!!"Business center" had 3 computers.  Out of 3, only one worked.  And if you needed to do something, usually there were few people standing behind you, watching you!They charge for wi-fi, $7 a day.   And it only works in one device per room.  So if you have iPad and a laptop, both will not work!   Sorry!!!And they wanted us to buy their time share!!!  Haha!  Really...if you are willing to sit thru the time share presentation, get Marriott or Hilton.   At least you might enjoy the trip...
5	Compared to my friends rooms that stayed in Harrah's, Venetian, and Bellagio, these are spacious rooms and a third of the cost of what they paid or less. Very clean, spacious suites, with friendly staff from the bellhops, to the receptionist to the cleaning crews.  One situation I poked my head out of my room to go in a search for salt/pepper....A cleaning crew was down the hall and asked if I needed anything, under 5 minutes, I had someone knokcing on my door handing me salt/paper.  A small example but incredible customer service was provided.  Everything was splendid during my 4 night stay...I've been here 4-5 times and will keep coming back for more....Sophie and Donovan are the best Club 36 staff out there!
1	This place sucks! As mentioned in many reviews- it is in a crappy location behind MGM next to the airport runway. The pool is inside and reiks of chlorine. The shuttle is very limited and was totally inconvient for going anywhere. We requested the A room and were turned down even though there were not many people staying in the hotel.The service here at the hotel is nonexistant. I asked for something from housekeeping and they never brought it. I liked the kitchenette and room set up, but the room was small. As expected the timeshare guy was a jerk and took forever. The only reason that he let us go was because our two year old was running out of patience.The maintainence fees for the tineshare are the highest of any presentation that I've attended. Which is probably around 10 presentations. The timeshare guy said that the stores under the hotel help keep the maintainence fees low. LOL! The stores make the hotel look like a commercial building.I paid $199 to stay here for three week nights. I was given a $150 visa giftcard which I didn't realize expired in less than 2 months. They refused to reissue the card. I was given a "free" cruise. What a crock! The fees for the "free" cruise are $400 & there will be more charges from Carnival. Booking directly with Carnival would be $650. Of course booking on a discount site would be cheaper. I decided to cancel the cruise and get my $100 deposit back. The cruise is difficult to book and has many black out dates. I stayed here at the end of January 2013 and mailed my cruise deposit right away and yet I was given date availability for the cruise for December 2013. That's right! It took a year to get a cruise date and after all the fees you can book the cruise yourself for the same price online without all the waiting.  Don't bother staying here!
1	Nice timeshares, but these people are completely full of it. My boyfriend and I stayed here because we came across one of those Bluegreen booths at the Carlsbad Outlet center that were supposedly giving a "free" cruise. Rule of thumb, if it sounds too good to be true, it is. They told us all we had to do was stay at their resort for a weekend and attend the timeshare meeting. We asked multiple times if there was a catch. When we asked if there was a catch, that's when they should have told us that the cruise wasn't free! You have to pay for all of the BS fees including gas which comes out to be around $200. Sorry, but just because you make my cruise slightly cheaper does not make it FREE! On top of it, the sales people at the presentation were complete idiots, lying through their teeth left and right. Not that I planned on buying a timeshare, but I feel bad for the people who believe their lies. I will never stay at Bluegreen resort again.
1	Last October 2012 my girlfriend and I were approached by a Sales Representative from the Bluegreen Getaways stand located at the Carlsbad, CA Outlet Mall. They asked if we enjoyed Las Vegas and going on cruises. We go to Vegas several times a year and had just gotten off a Carnival cruise and became quickly interested. We were offered a sales package for $199 which included a 2 night weekend package in Las Vegas at Bluegreen Resorts and for attending the sales presentation, we would receive a FREE 4 day cruise on Carnival. We asked what the catch was and all kinds of qualifying questions about the FREE cruise, and were told there is no catch. We even checked with the Sales Manager and he told us as well the cruise was completely FREE and there was no catch. After discussing the deal, I agreed to purchase the package. We went to Vegas and experienced the resort (even paid more for an upgrade and extra day) and received our "FREE" cruise after sitting through the presentation. Clearly on the page it states we will have to pay $120 to $180 per person in gov't fee's and taxes in order to go on the cruise. What happened to free? You could imagine how livid we are that we were told the cruise would be 100% free and immediately noticed the cruise is anything but free. I can go onto Carnival's website as a past guest and practically pay the same rate for a 4 night cruise! I wouldn't even be required to book the cruise 90 days in advance! I'm shocked and completely upset my girlfriend and I were lied to by the sales staff at the Carlsbad Outlet Mall about receiving a "FREE" cruise which will cost us $240 to $360 to enjoy.
1	It does not matter if you are a hotel on Time Share or not, you should always have cabs going in and out of your hotel. I felt like this place was so far away from the strip (which wasn't too far) and no cab was coming our way... AT LEAST ONE...Although the hotel was nice and clean. There were a couple of things I did not enjoy about our stay:1. The whole Cab issue2. Limited parking space3. 1 to none bell cart available, EVER4. The elevator is smacked far in the hallway - WHO DOES THAT? Poor construction planning...I am thankful that I had a place to stay and all, but seriously? I don't think my friend who had the time share should book this place again. It was just so OFF, about a lot of things. A woman from Housekeeping called a day later to check in if we got our towels... shouldn't you call a few moments after? I'm confused.The room was fully equipped though. Walk straight in, and you'll see a dining table and kitchen following after is the living room. The sofa is a pull-out bed and the room has a Queen size bed and the two showers (bath and stand up shower).
3	This "resort" was okay. I knew what I was getting when I booked it, so I was not extremely disappointed like other reviewers.  Here are my pros and cons:Pros* Clean rooms* Housekeeping staff was prompt and pleasant* Front Desk staff was friendly and helpful. (Always offered to call a cab for us!)* There is a mini kitchen (huge plus!) Full size fridge and mini electric stove top.* There is a washer and dryer in the room!* There is a convenience store, bagel place, liquor store, subway, restaurant and pizza place on the property. They were all great and reasonable priced.Cons* The shuttle service should run more frequently. And the shuttle drivers were not very friendly / accommodating. And their clock was 4 minutes faster than my iphone. They won't wait an extra minute for you, so making sure your time matches theirs is important!* There wasn't a full length mirror in the room. The only mirror was in the bathroom. That was annoying.* There isn't an end table on both sides of the bed. Annoying again.* The pool was indoors and on the 4th floor.. Which I found odd.* The bar at the pool was closed the entire time I was there (4 days).Overall, if you are looking for a cheap place to stay, by all means go for it. It wasn't awful. But I wouldn't stay here again. I also think it wasn't a good representation of their time share... Or at least I hope their other resorts are nicer.
4	**I booked my stay via Choice Hotels so I did not do the timeshare gig.   Upon arrival we were greeted promptly and the checkin process was quick and friendly.  The room was very clean and spacious with a kitchen, washer dryer combo and 2 showers! Although the airport was close we did not hear much noise - very quiet.  The indoor pool was sweet- bar was right there serving decent adult beverages.  The hotel was very nice both inside and out.  There are several places attached to the hotel to eat and they are great deals compared to The Strip prices.  I would recommend you either rent or have access to a car since shuttle service is dismal.  Taxis are your last option if you don't mind getting legally robbed.  10 bucks for 1 mile- wth?  I would def stay here again!
4	My eyes kind of glaze over whenever friends discuss timeshare points & weeks & the whole process. As a commitment-phobe/spontaneous traveller, I just find it easier to jump on kayak/Expedia/Priceline to book flight & accommodations. We stayed with a friend at his timeshare here. Bluegreen is 3 minutes off the strip, behind the MGM. We found it super easy to take the shuttle to Las Vegas Blvd (it has 4 hotel stops, leaving every hour.) Our suite had a bedroom & a master bedroom (w/ gorgeous shower big enough to fit 2 comfortably) and washer/dryer/kitchen/bathroom/living room area (couch was a pull-out bed that came in handy) for each unit. Spacious & homey!
3	This is my second time at this resort. The first time was ok but this time it was horrible. The check in is at 4 but we was told that we can get our check in started at noon. If there is a room available they will call us. Nobody did!! When we did come in and check in @ 4.. The guy who checked us in gave us the wrong key! We walked into someone's privacy!! All they did was apologize and give us FREE WIFI!! Really!! I will never come here again!!
4	Airport noise was minimal, timeshare speech was not bad, although they twist every excuse u have, rooms were nice and comfortable. Shuttle services seem non existent, but only took a few minutes for a cab. All in all I would stay there again
3	Great stay! This resort is a great package! Only thing I didn't like was check in at 4pm and check out at 10am :/
1	This is one of the worst resorts I have ever been to. I got here at 2:00 hoping to get an early check in...negative....they had nothing available...we pre registered and Karen gave us our room number and told us we would be on the fifth floor with a view.  Since we could not check in early, we asked if we could leave our luggage.  We were told that we could, however the wait for Rosie was a little long.  She was friendly though.  So we left to walk the strip and did some shopping.  At 5:30 we returned to get our room keys.  Karen informed us that our room was still not available..... WTF? its 5:30 and check in is suppose to be at 4:00?  Hmmmmm.....this was not very impressive when they want to sell you their vacation club....So we get into our room... We were changed to the second floor with a view of a wall and trash can.  Nice!  Every room is supposed to come with a washer and dryer and ours was missing the dryer.  We checked in for our presentation at 10:00 the next morning. It was supposed to be two hours, and were promised good show tickets with the package we purchased from one of their sales representatives to try out the resort and attend this presentation.  Well that was way off.  We were given the choice of three shows.  When we asked about the other shows, an older lady with glasses says aloud "OOHHHHH....they bought the lower end package"...As if we were trying to be cheap. My husband and I are FAR from cheap, but this woman and this company knows nothing about us or our finances..  So keep doing what you're doing BlueGreen..  We attended this presentation but after the experience of check in...The room, the lack of a dryer, and the lack of professionalism and respect the customer service representatives have for some customers will definitely scare away more potential buyer.  We will never set foot here again, and we are definitely going to tell others what kind of place this is.  You SUCK!!
3	We purchased our stay here from a rep at a Bass Pro Shop. We went in knowing it was a timeshare presentation, but the rep assured us that there would be no pressure to buy and the presentation would be quick (he said under 1 hour). Well let me tell you, if you have to go to that presentation, be prepared to be hassled and to waste a lot of time. It took 2 hours and 15 minutes for ours, and the guy would not take no for an answer. He even tried to guilt us with this logic "well we have to pay so much for marketing to get you here that having you stay here for practically free is just costing us money so you should buy one of the timeshares." Seriously!? Ugh so annoying.The accommodations:PROS-Front desk staff and concierge very nice and helpful-Rooms have a kitchen with silverware and tableware-Indoor pool-smoke freeCONS-Timeshare presentation where you'll want to cut your ears off just to escape- Our room was TINY-Decor is outdated and, frankly, kind of tacky-Not ON the strip
1	Please don't believe the "free cruise" pitch from Blue Green - Total scam - we had to pick 3 different cruise dates and pay $100 deposit. Then 2 months later - after you finally jump through hoops (get your certificate - get registered etc etc), you get an email saying you can now call to reserve. We just called - they try to upsell you.The freebee isn't really free - you have to pay about $500 total for 2 people for "agency fees" plus you also have to pay tips. Then do you want to upgrade and pay $500 to upgrade to a better interior cabin or X for ocean view or Y for balcony. I said no upgrade.  They then search my 3 dates that I had to select months ago - 3/8 or 5/3 or 6/9 - surprise - NO CABINS AVAILABLE. They then said there was only ONE SAILING DATE AVAILABLE - COME ON - ONLY ONE DATE IN THE NEXT 6 MONTHS?!?!? She said if I had upgraded, then maybe a cabin would be available. So - they want you to pay $1000 for 2 people in an interior cabin for a 5 day cruise - you can go online and get the exact same cruise for $800 or less !!!!!! What a scam!!!!
1	DO NOT GO TO A SALES PRESENTATION!  We were told it would be a 60 minute presentation, we were there 5 HOURS!  We were dumb enough to buy and we were lied to mislead through this ENTIRE process.  Prior to arrival we were told they 'wanted' us to check in early. Upon arrival, we had to wait hours to check in.  Rosie held our luggage for us and was WONDERFULLLL - Bluegreen should give her a raise.  Then prior to arrival we were told we would get 1 free show ticket and can purchase another ticket at their prices.  When we arrived they looked at us like were crazy.  We didn't get a free ticket, we paid full price for 2 tickets and were given a book with a red cover for 'coupons' after looking through the book there were BOGO offers for the same show in the book they gave us AFTER we bought full price tickets from them.  Next day we went to the presentation, after 5 hours of saying no I finally looked at them and said what do I have to do to get out of here.  They made us an offer plus they were going to 'throw' in a one time 8000 points.  They wanted to put this purchase on a credit card with zero percent interest/no payments for 6 months.  They had 2 credit card offers.  We said MANY times we DO NOT want 2 credit cards.  We go to closing and they had ran our credit for both credit cards and only at closing did they tell us the 'extra' points are white season only - this was NEVER mentioned during the presentation.  They offered us two one week vacations through RCI and were told we could use these anytime for any room, we have been trying to make reservations for these two weeks...ya nada.  Because we spent 5 hours of one of our days there I asked for a late checkout... they gave me an extra 2 hours however I heard someone else in the elevator say they asked for a late checkout because of the presentation and they allowed them to stay until 2:00 PM!!!  Then we get home and we get 2 credit different cards in the mail and they put half our purchase on one and half on the other when we had MORE (Thousands) more to our limit and did not need two credit cards.  We can only figure they must get  kick back.   We also found out the credit cards are not 0%/no payments for 6 months just another lie they told us.  HIGH PRESSURE your not getting out of there without a purchase.  It was one lie after another - will NEVER attend another presentation and we are thinking seriously of selling this 'vacation package'... JOKE
4	The rooms are very nice and super clean. We stayed in the larger unit "A". Now the hotel is about a 1/4 mile from the strip not to bad. There are a few food spots downstairs and a few stores that have pretty much everything you may need. You are right next to the airport but the noise really wasn't bad at all. The staff was really nice super helpful I was surprised. Walking down the halls was always nice cause it always smelled like they just mopped. The pool was really nice indoor with a bar and tv. We did the time share thing we didn't buy but I may go back and buy without the drama meet and greet. They were pushy but what do you expect. Over all I had a really nice stay.
3	Rooms are nice, but no bottle waters?! They should know you have to stay hydrated when you're in Vegas, c'mon! & we booked another extra night calling in advance early in the morning, we go to the front desk and they didn't even get on that. We had to wait over half an hour for her to keep us in the same room we were already staying in. They called us 3 times to bug us, so if they did that, they should have had the paperwork all ready. The people that work there are stuck up!
5	We initally went there on a Bass Pro promotion.  We booked our stay for our son's 18th birthday in October 2012.  When we arrived we were pleasantly greeted.  We were immediately shown to our room and told that anything we needed was a phone call away.  The room was great!  Washer, dryer, kitchen complete with stove, coffee maker and full size refrigerator.It was perfect for us a family of four.  It was a single bedroom unit, but the pull out was perfect for the kids.We DID purchase a timeshare and we are booked for our free cruise the end of April 2014, and for Hawaii in November 2014.  I'm pleased with our decision.  And I love the service at Bluegreen!
4	We were given five nights at Bulegreen by my in-laws. After some of the reviews, I didn't expect too much. But the place was great. We stayed in a large suite that had a living area, full jitchen, large master suite and a huge bathroom. Evrything in and out of the room was brand new looking and very clean. The staff was very nice. The place was close to the airport, but the noise we heard wasn't much. We had a nice view of the strip. This place is a good mile from MGM. We used the shuttle once and it was nice. But mostly we used cabs. The front desk would call for a cab and it always worked out on time. I would stay here again for sure.
4	The meeting was 3 hours they told us it was 2. We started off in a group with other couples and a very nice host named Maria. Then we met back with our personal host Mark a very nice very FUNNY. We declined and they tried to lower it an d give us less points a year. Which we still declined. So they told us thank you and we left. Totally lower pressure then i expected. The hotel is very nice the pool is awesome heated indoor open 365 days a year. The room is great the shower is 2 person... great place to stay overall. The one negative is it is off strip but it actually didn't bother us. We don't gamble and we had a car so driving to the strip wasn't a problem.
3	I understand some folks have negative reviews for the timeshare sales aspect of this place, but I bought off of expedia so I can't comment on that part.  Yet, I have pretty extensive knowledge of timeshares and such.  My review will be helpful in comparison to other timeshare places in Las Vegas.  I have stayed at the different Worldmark places, Pacific Grand Monarch, Shell Vacation Club, and Tahiti Village in Vegas. (closest one to the strip is Desert Rose, Shell Vacations)  Bluegreen, like all places, has pros and cons. One more note is that I much prefer big, apartment style rooms as I now travel with my small family and like to have a kitchen, washer/dryer, full fridge, etc.Bluegreen is next to the airport, which I did not find to be a con.  My son and I love watching planes take-off and land. The airport seems to halt flights after 10, and begin flights at 7am....it's not a 24 hour airport....but you may need to double-check that.Bluegreen pool is indoors.  This isn't a con either, even though I don't like indoor pools, because it clearly states in Bluegreen's literature that their pool is indoors.  I knew going in, so I can't really complain.PROS--Nice rooms.  They stack up well with the other major players in the timeshare industry. I loved the shower....the room actually had two showers.  The room I got had a king size bed and a pull-out couch bed.  Fridge, stove, washer/dryer, worked well.  Not too far from the strip either, as nowadays I like to take a break from the strip and retire to a quiet room.CONS-While the rooms were big, their pool was small.  Bluegreen does not stand up well with it's resort amenities.  Tahiti village has a huge pool and a lazy river, worldmark also has both.  Pacific Grand Monarch also has a huge pool with water slides.  Shuttle service was terrible.  Small shuttles.  Also, my wife had to wait extra time because BOTH shuttle drivers were on lunch.  Having worked in the hospitality business I know that you stagger the lunches so this does not happen.  A big CON was that at check-in I requested a room that overlooked the airport.  I was told that there was a room available and that it would just have to be cleaned.  Fast forward two hours and I was told there was no such room available.  Terrible customer service there.  A minor con was that there was not a channel guide for the TV.All in all, it was not a bad stay.  I would stay here again if it was just my wife and I.  If I'm bringing kids, I'd go with Tahiti Village.  Also, I'd never buy into a timeshare again....but if I did, I'd recommend Worldmark.
4	-found the hotel on Priceline.  When I called the hotel to see if I could book a room directly from them, a lady at the front desk said none were available.  So, I just booked from Priceline.  It looked like plenty of rooms were still available since the hotel is so big.  It doesn't look like they operate at full capacity.-washing machine (with detergent provided) and dryer located right in the room-awesome view of the airport!  If you're an aviation enthusiast this is a fun place to stay to watch planes land and take-off-only con:  security might be kind of weird here. The lobby area is big and I'm not sure if the workers really pay attention to who is coming and going.  No one checks for keys when you go towards the room area.  The elevators don't require a room key either.  I probably wouldn't stay here if I was by myself or just with a group of ladies.
1	We've got a promotion, saying 2 nights of Vegas AND 4 days Carnival Cruise for $199 , right?  We thought it was a great deal, so we bought the package.  We even got a $25 VISA gift card, too!!  YAY!To get "free" cruise, we had to go to Vegas first and attend this timeshare presentation.  The lady at the booth of Carlsbad outlet mall said, "No obligation.  No pushy sales.  No worries."  Here we go!  We reserved 2 night stay in Vegas.On the second day at 10am, we attended the presentation.  The presentation, personal tour and sales were very, very friendly, but diffidently PUSHY!  They were so nice but NEVER GAVE UP!  After many times of "No,thank you." they gave us a final offer.  Which is "trial membership".  Finally we said "yes".  Honestly, after close to 4 hours of sales, nobody could think straight and they never left us alone so we didn't have chance to discuss privately, either.  We paid $795 (or so) and get 9000 points to use for "one year".  It sounded really a good deal.  After we came back home, we carefully reviewed the paper and thought it over, right?First of all, they told us there was a financial plan and monthly payment is this amount, but they never told us how long to pay off and actual interest.Secondly, there is over $1000 maintenance fee... means, after we paid off everything, we still have to pay that amount (most likely increase future, right?).  Thirdly, we waived the right for cancellation.  We both should have known better.  But as I said, we couldn't thin straight and we really thought we would NEVER cancel... but is it still right??  Lastly, 9000 vacation points we got is for "one year" but to process the membership, it takes 30 to 45 days.  Is this what they call "one year"?? We looked up "free" Carnival Cruise, as well.  Of course, there was a fee.  To get an interior bunk bed room, the fee is $372 (for 2ppl).  If we want to upgrade to interior non-bunk bed room,  "fee" is $590.24 ($679.30 without "free" cruise offer).  Of course this is fee for off season.Remember, they don't give us ANYTHING.  If you want to have a timeshare, you go and enjoy yourself.  The vacation villas were looked so nice. But if you want to have "good deal" or "free stuff", this is NOT a place for you.Oh, I just realized that even $25 gift card was already expired the end of the month we signed up.  (Did the sales lady told us the expire date?  I don't think so.)
3	As a Bluegreen share holder, this is was the first time I visited this particular Bluegreen resort. We stayed here a total of 5 days and 4 nights. We never visited Las Vegas before, and figured what the heck, have a timeshare there, might as well check it out.I'll lay it out easy, and this is all subjective.Location,-----This is NOT on the strip. You will need to use a taxi daily, or rent a car like we did. My wife and I were aren't old, and still spry, but unless you want to walk a round trip from center of the strip of 6 miles daily, then you'll want to figure out transportation otherwise. They do offer a shuttle, the times are a little silly, and I've heard not reliable.. so be wary of that. Other than that, if you plan to go beyond the strip, the location isn't bad.. close the airport and major highways.Appearance-----Club itself looks sharp at night. It seems to be in the middle of what appears to be leveled land for future development. The lobby is no Wynn or Bellagio, but it's functional. We had a small studio which fit us just fine. Decent bedroom, little living area and kitchen. Full size fridge and everything. The choice in style is not my type, but it's not appalling. Amenities and staff----They have a decent gym and pool. But it's also very awkwardly spaced out. The main elevators are a pretty good long walk from the hotel check in desk. The gym is on the 2nd floor... and the pool is on the 4th located all the way south in the hotel. So getting around to those location doesn't even seem worth it if you're not near it. They do have some shops located in the hotel and access from outside. The ABC store is pretty nice, and one of the highlights of this place. There's a decent pizza place, subway and some future spots. There seemed to be a coffee place also, but we never went there.Staff was ok. Nothing out of the normal. Didn't feel they went above and beyond courtesy. Most of the time the morning staff appeared half asleep. So wasn't too impressed.This is a Bluegreen resort, so if you're not already a timeshare holder, be forewarn of the sales tactics, the meetings they'll want you to attend and blah blah. If you're already going to blow it off, just try to deal the best you can, and get your free crap and go. I have nothing bad to say about Bluegreen, thats for another review though. keep to the hotel.Summary----In the end.... like my review probably shows.. the place was just really... blahh... at best. The location is weird for walking to the strip, the hotel was decorated half arse in my opinion, staff was ehhh... unless you plan to buy something, then those guys were all perky and happy. The room was decent, but left something to be desired. The area was ok, unless you were walking around at night. That close access to the airport leaves a lot of stray bums. The hotel patrons themselves, unless it was just the weekend we went, seemed to be filled with a bunch of hoodlums and rednecks. But maybe I'm just a bastard snob, haha.In the end, if you're a bluegreen club owner, then this a decent place to have access to Vegas, other than that.. save your money and probably go elsewhere, unless you got it as a free trip for the timeshare meeting.
1	We paid $99 for 2 nights, with $100 in Bass Pro gift cards. We were then told the weekend we wanted to book was sold out. I called back to ask if we could upgrade and miraculously I was told that for an additional $50 we could travel when we needed to. That's when the nightmare began...from the ignorant and unprofessional staff at the front desk and guest services booth to the completely unacceptable way my husband and I were treated by the "supervisor" at the presentation appointment desk, I have never received such poor customer service. And they expect you to buy a ridiculously overpriced membership here?!?! Save yourself the trouble and book at a real hotel. If you want a timeshare, try Wyndham. If you're looking for a room with a kitchen in Vegas, try Palms Place or The Platinum. This partnership is the WORST decision Bass Pro Shops has ever made!
4	My husband and I were shopping at the Carlsbad outlet mall back in September and were approached by a Bluegreen rep, He told us about a 3 day 2 night stay in Las Vegas for only $99 and we would receive a $100 in gift cards after completing a presentation about their vacation packages. Sounded great since my husband has never been to Vegas so we purchased it and immediately received $25 of our $100 Visa gift card. We booked our trip for March 31st-April 2nd and made our way to Vegas! We had an easy time checking in seeing as how we arrived almost 2 hours early and they got us into our room 20 min later. Our room was more like a mini apartment complete with a full kitchen, dining area, mini living room, bedroom, walk in shower and tub...very nice! I wasn't expecting it to be so comfortable! We unloaded our stuff and went to check out the strip:) Bluegreen is off the strip but they have free shuttle service so it wasn't a big deal at all.We did the timeshare presentation the following day and our rep was very nice and convincing-I've gotta admit, she presented very well. We just didn't want to get locked into that large of a commitment without being able to do any research. They want you to sign up then and there, otherwise, all of the incentives disappear when you leave the presentation which was a huge red flag for us. We knew what we were getting into though and we're told it would be a 90 min presentation which was fine. It was very informative and now I know how they work. After doing our own research later however, I know we made the right decision in not signing up. We declined, got our remaining $75 gift card and enjoyed the rest of our day..We decided to go and check out the indoor pool but they were cleaning it so we left rather quickly:/The gym was really nice and had a really good variety of cardio equipment. It was clean and it was in a large space so it didn't feel crammed when other people came in.Our only complaint is their elevator setup.. They are so far from all of the rooms and very inconveniently placed around the hotel. Overall, I don't regret doing the timeshare presentation at all and it was a pretty cool stay at their hotel! :)
4	I've stayed here 2 times. I love that this place is so close to the strip (literally behind the MGM) and there is a CVS and plaza with restaurants and nail salons close by. The room prices are easily cheaper and better quality than the LV hotels on the strip. Our first room had a washer and dryer in it, the second time it did not. All rooms have a full kitchen with stove top and a microwave/oven combo. The building and rooms are clean and the employees are really nice. Last time we asked for a room with a view and the girl searched through all the rooms in the system to see if we could get one, which we did! The indoor pool is great and the hot tub fits about 8 adults max. The last day I went in the hot tub the chlorine was set way too high though. **The pool and hot tub are handicap adaptive!! ** Outside from the pool is a huge outdoor balcony where you can see the airport across the street. The fitness center has 2 treadmills and 2 cycling machines (I believe), an ab/back combo machine, a laying down combo arm machine (shoulder press, bicep press, etc.) and a standing combo arm machine. There was a bathroom, towels, and water fountain in there.They normally have promos if you sit through the 1.5 hr. timeshare thing, some of the people I talked to said they had a free 3 night stay after all the Visa cards and discounts from sitting through the timeshare.
4	This is my first Yelp post, so I thought I would start out with one that I can give a decent rating to.We were in San Diego last summer at an outlet mall on our way back from a short 3-day vacation. We came across the Bluegreen kiosk selling a 3-night Las Vegas plus cruise voucher for something around $200 a person. We don't get away that often because both my wife and I work long hours, and when we do, we typically find good deals if we shop it. Since neither of us had the "timeshare" presentation experience, we thought we would give it a go. It seemed like a good deal, so we bought in for the presentation and a mini vaca.When I got home I jumped online and started to peruse all the comments about Bluegreen and their timeshare presentations.  Needless to say, if you do enough searching you will mostly find comments that the presentations are high pressure sales tactics, and how the vouchers are a run-around to get, etc. I started to regret my purchase! To be fair, I've heard some of this before with similar timeshare companies, so I knowingly bought with this in the back of my mind.It took us almost a year to reserve (which was the deadline to book), and we just went this past Mother's day with my wife and 2-year old daughter in tow. Club 36 has some affiliation with Tuscany Suites, so instead of having us stay at the Bluegreen resort, we were put up at the Tuscany. We needed to stop off at Club 36 to get our reservation receipts first, and the Tuscany is about 1 mile away. No biggie. This isn't really a review for the Tuscany, but I should make a few comments since we were quite pleased. Spacious rooms, a cool little casino, and a GREAT Italian restaurant. Terrific customer service. This is a place I would consider booking again. It's got a nice outdoor pool, and the servers are good at coming out and making sure you are stocked up on beverages. Staying at the Tuscany was one of our highlights for the weekend.The next morning was the DREADED timeshare presentation. Of course, I reminded my wife before hand that we were not buying. She agreed (and at this point you are thinking we bought huh?). Nope. But I must say...it was tempting. The PresentationThey know you came for the cheap get-away. They know you had the pre-talk with your significant other about not purchasing. They know you did at least a little online research. They admit this in their warm-up presentation and video. To be fair, they said keep an open mind, which we did. They even said at the beginning of their pitch, we're going to ask you to buy. Hey, I give credit for transparency.After the warm-up, they hand you off to the rep and begin building a "relationship" with you. They invite their manager at the table as well. They give you a tour of the property. I was quite impressed with the rooms. As others mentioned they were (studio) a little small, but it was well designed and decorated. They have larger rooms available too. Even a presidential suite (think penthouse). All impressive, and in fact, I kind of wish I got to stay in one of the rooms for at least one of my nights! The indoor pool would be nice if it was very hot or very cold outside - so there could be a benefit to that as well. I don't think they serve alcohol there though!Once we came back to the table, the sell begins. Lots of questions are asked, and I asked a ton of questions too. They did the typical 2 or 3 additional offers as well. Bottom line, I am not opposed to a timeshare, but I would like some time to research other timeshares (e.g. Disney, Hilton) and compare.  Even then, given the amount of vacations we typically take, it may not really be worth it. Plus, I prefer vacations that are packaged with tours and such. I didn't ask, but I don't think they offer that level of concierge service. I think what gets most of us is those yearly administrative fees ($1200 a year plus).  Or if it's lower, it means you have lower points, and lower to leverage better vacations etc. If you are savvy, this could really work for you. If you are a last minute vacationer, it might be tough. I don't own, so I can't speak to what happens once you buy in. The pressure was minimal for us. It took us about 3 hours total, but they were very personable and nice. They made some good arguments, which got us thinking about how we should manage our vacations in the future. They gave us a few minutes to discuss alone, and then came back to the table. We said no, they said ok and thank you, and let's go get your cruise voucher. Very easy. In all, it was a one of the best Vegas stays we had, and given the chance, we would consider doing this again. Would weigh more to 3 1/2 stars but...
5	Check in was quick, the rooms we're amazing and convenient to stay in for weeks as it included washer, dryer, and a kitchen including all needed pots and pans.
1	If I could give this hotel 0 stars I would.  It did not honor the $149 for two nights promotional stay that I paid 4 months in advance.  Beware that they have a policy wherein if you know anyone staying at the hotel at the same time as you, your promotional deal will not be honored and you will need to reschedule the promotional deal AND pay full price for your stay on the date that you previously booked.  I booked this hotel for EDC Vegas 2014.  When I booked the hotel, I didn't know that my friends would be staying at the same hotel as me.  I only knew this weeks later.  When I called to confirm my reservation, they asked me if I knew anyone else who was staying at the same hotel.  I told them my friend's name and they disqualified me on the spot.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL AND THEIR RIDICULOUS POLICY.
3	I booked this place for EDC 2014I got a pretty good deal, at $144 per night for a king bed and a pull out bed in the living room. Pros:Friendly staffClean roomsVery close to the stripFree wifi Had stores on the first floorNice acCons:Unorganized at one pointNo full length mirror in the roomRight next to airport so it's very loudNo ice in freezerI would give this place a four star but when we requested late check out, they approved to 11. We wanted to leave later because we were going to be dead tired from EDC, so we were going to pay an additional two hours, making that a 1:00 check out. We were told that they noted it, however, we were woken up at 10:30, 11:00, and 11:30 by room service, and then we received a call from front desk around 12 about our check out. I told them our situation and how unhappy I was that none of us could get any rest with all this going on, but they were nice enough to waive the fees.Would come back next year, but would also make sure they double note the late check out. I would rather pay the extra and sleep more.
1	Worst I've dealt with. Made a reservation 2 months in advance for a suite with a view. When we got there, they gave us the handy capped suite. No dinner table with most cabinets removed for wheelchair access which is understandable but not what I reserved. 2 hours later we were given another suite. As soon as I opened the door to the suite, found it is occupied by other people. Went back to front dest and 2 hours later, we got another suite. This is a timeshare and if you are not an owner, you are required to attend a 2-hour presentation. No one told us we had an appointment when and where so the next day we were told we missed our scheduled appt therefore they are going to charge full fees which is substantially more. Spoke to the main office for 30 minutes and they refused to accept the resort screwed up and determined to charged me full price. I'm disputing the additional charges. I will never stay there again.
1	Horrible service from everyone especially the people in sales. The only nice ones we have encountered is Herbert from ABC store and Silvia from front desk. Girls that worked at tours have attitude and doesn't want to make customers happy AT ALL. doesn't the hotel want people to have a good stay and think about getting a time share. If that's the plan they are failing at it horribly!! Ace tried to help us out with our problem but he couldn't. I do appreciate it but the other girls behind the counter couldn't careless about our situation at all. Which is pretty sad when it comes to customer service. First we got here we had problem with our registration and this girl named Elizabeth was horrible. She had such an angry/careless face on which gave me a bad first impression about this hotel and resort. She looked like she didn't want to be there at all and when we came to her with our problem she didn't want to help us and tried to make us call a 1-800 number. I mean come on.. Really?!? I'm at the hotel and who else can fix my problem with registration. I just wish the resort could've handled out situation differently and tried to understand where we are coming from. I'm sure there's plenty of friendly staff here but I would like to see those staff on the front line and not the people that deserve to be behind the scenes where no one can see or hear them.
1	Scumbag liars!!!Told me when I purchased a package that I was staying at the tropicana. Yeah right! Liars liars then they tried to put me in Tuscany Suites then tried to pit me in blue green resort as an upgrade. Please BITCHES I'VE BEEN TO VEGAS BEFORE!! your place is crap and not an upgrade from Tropicana got full refund but I'm going to spread the word that this place is garbage. F U Blue green communistUpdate#1So now I'm getting nasty messages from an employee of Bluescam oops I mean bluegreen name Jason J who lives in Stockton, Ca F U right back Jason J Jason called all military personnel current and past losers. Yet this internet tough guy lives in Stockton!!!Hahaha who's the loser here, plus he calls himself a born again Christian hahaha Jason go get your sister pregnant I'm sorry but if your a salesman in any line of work your a scumbag loser who rips people off for a living. Jason do us a favor and remove yourself from this country or even better life.
1	Don't get suckered in like we did. Bought the so called 'deal' through Bass Pro Shop. The customer service at Bluegreen was great when you get there (Las Vegas) but that's where it stopped. Bought a package, every time we called to book a room they were full. Paid for two years, never could use our points. Once they have you, you don't hear from them again, never received an email or a phone call for updates the two years we paid or contacting us to see why we hadn't used our points yet. Tried calling a couple of months prior to our package expiring, couldn't get through to the main office. All they want is your initial business, sounded good when they were pushing the sale.
5	Like all other timeshares (I mean, vacation rentals), Bluegreen has received some bad reviews for the sales pitch offers etc. We are RCI owners and were pretty skeptical about what we would find in our first vacation to a resort in the network. We were blown away from the first time we walked in - every member of staff we interacted with was super-friendly and helpful. The resort is in excellent condition, very well-maintained and clean, and we did not want for anything. The resort has already broken ground for another swimming pool and resort area, as well as a block of shops behind the hotel, with an expected completion date of early 2016. Once that is in place this resort will only get better. We loved this so much that we chose to sign on with Bluegreen Club for a vacation rental of our own, so I guess you could say we invested in something we saw and believed in. Keep up the great work folks!
5	Don't believe bad reviews. This place is top notch and beats spending $150 per night on the strip. Get a free 2 night stay on the weekend by buying a package from Ontario mills. 149 and you get all your money back at the resort!
2	Lovely location, we have stayed several times.  However, beware of room 722A, washer overflowed several times, maintenance repair performed badly and machine continued to flood the bathroom. Card key access was cancelled each day at Noon of our 4 day stay, very disappointing and inconvenient.  Hope they get it together.
5	What a steal! For the price we paid I didnt expect the room to be so big,  full amenities for a standard room.Hotel is located in a great area right off the strip, hotel was clean, the staff was really friendly, front desk was super nice. I would definitely stay here again and fully recommend it to all. Thank you for making my stay so pleasurable
5	We actually read the reviews and went with an open mind. The suites are large, clean and nicely appointed. The resort accommodations are to die for. We found every aspect tempting but didn't sign because we could not get enough time off to make it worth our while. Our sales person and her boss were good people and accepted our decision with class. If you have good credit the payments and interest are surely much much lower. We wish we could use the vacation investment! The sites and first day offers are amazing. We had never tried one of these deals and did not walk away with bunches of freebies, but the room and the pending cruise are worth our initial investment.
5	Bought a "getaway package" and was very skeptical about timeshare presentation but gave it a shot. Glad we did. Staff was great hotel was clean and so well out together. The tour was actually fun  , presidential suite is very cool. Sales staff was friendly and non pushy very relaxing and informative. Unsure of the "fake math" that the guy blow me said but the numbers I saw added up, not really sure how you can use fake math, odd......anyway lots of fun worth the trip and just booked my free cruise with a nice $600 savings from our normal cruise cost! Go blue green looks like the rep wasn't lying when he said you were doing timeshares the right way!
2	My husband ( fiance at the time) were at the la county fair and were approached to pay $200 and we could get 3 nights and 2 show tickets. We didnt have anything planned for a honeymoon so we thought sure why not. We ended up using our stay for frozen fury which is held at the mgm. The resort is about 1 mile from there off the strip on the same street (tropicana)The resort: Is nice and clean for the most part. It is located right across from the airport runway and it often sounds like a plane is going to land on you. It was awesome to have a kitchen area and a little living area. You can smell the indoor pool through out the place. The walls are pretty thin, and we could hear the kids next door every morning. we did not need to set an alarm that's for sure. The water pressure for the shower was horrible, we ended up just showering at my brothers hotel at the mgm, when we were over there. The sink did not drain welll and the towel hanger was broken. The staff that works in the front was very friendly. The offer a shuttle: its worthless, they dont pick up and drop off in the same spots so you dont know where they will be and there is actually not guarantee of pick up. 2 days we got messages on our hotel phone saying that there would not be a shuttle that day or for the rest of the day. We were not at the hotel so we would have been waiting for a long time for the shuttle if we decided to use it. The time-share presentation: Oh boy were do i start. 1st off the 90 minute presentation we were told we had to attend, which is fine was actually 3 hours and 20ish minutes. This is just a ridiculous amount of time to spend with someone on this, maybe thats why people sign up just to get them to stop. They take everyone at your time slot and put you in a room with a presenter, our presenter was pretty annoying, she thought she was funnier than she was and would call you out that youve talked about not signing up. Sorry but that isnt going to get me to sign up.....After that we went to our one on one and the guy who we were with was really nice, but we could tell he was not happy we didnt sign up. Once we turned him down they brought in a manager who changed the price and everything.  We still said no and they wouldnt allow it. We went from a 32,000 to 18,000 to 12,000 to 1,200 to 800 to a trial of 700. I wont be staying here again and i dont recommended to be honest.Also a side note, there is a lot of empty lots by them which they say they own, if they owned it why wouldnt they build closer to the strip. On one of our walks back from the strip, we saw that the lot isnt owner and it is for sale.....interesting.
5	We are owners. Love it. The room is like an apartment, full kitchen, oven, stove, fully stocked with dishes and cookware, appliances. Huge shower and two full baths. Living room with two fold out beds. Washer and dryer. You just bring your food and your set! They are very nice and accommodating. Price was very good. Camping for RV's, cruises and places all over the world where you can stay. We are very impressed and pleased. Been owners for over a year.
4	It's a good value for the price you pay. I booked through RCI for a weeks stay.  I already own a timeshare so I didn't do the tour.  I see that that is a major complaint by many.  I am only basing this review on the hotel and facilities.Check in process was a breeze no line and everything was there waiting for me when I arrived.  I had the two bedroom and there was more than enough space for me and my guests.  Comfortable for 2 couples and they have pull out couches in each room but I would not recommend using them because you will take up all your living area.  Room was clean and fully stocked.  Anything else you need is available 24hrs a day at the front desk. The Internet is not free and relatively expensive compared to other places I have been.  Nice exercise room, large pool, and a hot tub. The location is rough if you do not have a rental car. They do have a shuttle service that drops you off at the strip but it only runs about once an hour and if it's full you will be sol. There is about a mile and a half walk from the strip through a pretty desolate area.  Not bad in the fall but if is was in the middle of the summer that would be another story.   There is also some noise from the airport if you are a light sleeper.  They have a subway, pizza place, abc store, Einstein Bagels, hooka lounge, and tequila restaurant attached.The best part is the staff. They are very helpful and will get you anything you need.
2	Ok I'm going to keep it as real as I can. I went to this spot celebrating my birthday it was nice until the tour. I just felt like it was all about the money. I mean they said money more than anyone I know. Memo was the best person at the resort. He made me feel like family, he was funny, cool, sweet, outgoing just the best however kevin was rude as heck. When I didn't want to buy the things they offered he got up and walked away no ok well maybe next time I mean just walked away. I thought it was rude. If anything memo should have his job he has the better attitude. I just have never ben disrespected by a grown man like that ever. Memo deserves the best raise or something he's everything that places needs not kevin.
4	My in-laws are owners and they've let us use their timeshare several times and we love it (for the most part)...The Good:The rooms are AWESOME - think small condo. Every time I stay there my thought is always "I could live in here"...It has everything you could possibly need. It has a fully stocked kitchenette, a dinette set, a small living area, a washer/dryer,  a full bath and a partial bath (we had a deluxe unit).The rooms are super clean and the staff is always friendly when checking in etc. There are a few restaurants, a hookah lounge, a liquor store, and an ABC store right on the property so you can just run out and grab something if you need to.They have an hourly shuttle that takes you back and forth to the strip or it's about a $6 cab ride from the MGM Grand. If you're walkers like we are the walk to the strip is about 10-15 minutes long. There is also a bus stop near the property if you feel comfortable enough to ride the bus (we are experts at the Vegas bus system)...The Bad:My in-laws have the MAXIMUM upgrade available and they STILL get pressured to come to "owner reviews"...They will keep calling your room every day trying to get you to come to those meetings no matter how many times you tell them no. SOMETIMES YOU JUST WANT TO BE ON VACATION AND NOT ATTEND A SALES PITCH MEETING. Once we got it through David's (guest services) head that we were NOT going to attend one of those meetings he was no longer so friendly and nice...
1	Blue Greens is a CULT they lock you in a room for a presentation and tell you to turn off your phone or they will kick you out. I looked at my phone for a text and the presenter looked angryy and told me that they demand that you turn off your phone, I told him my 83 year old dad was alone at the hotel and if he needs me I'm outa here so he had the nerve to threaten me that if I look at my phone again I would be told to leave...If I see that guy outside the room I'm going to kick his stupid ass... They use HIGH PRESSURE sales tactics you tell them you can't afford it and you want to research their business and they are like WOLVES they will not let you leave !!! DONT USE THEM they are like a CULT they will not let you look on the internet to look at reviews or call anyone about them if you leave the presentation then they're offer is off !!!! WOW
5	As a family of 5 with 3 kids under 3 i need the kitchen feature. And as a mom of 3 I needed the space. And as parents needing a get away I wanted my own room. This hotel gave us all that and more! I got a high chair, a crib , a big kitchen with updated stove, dishwasher & microwave, and basically it is like a 2 bedroom apartment! My guess is 1700-1800 square feet of space! Washer & dryer were my favorite too. I had my own master room with master shower that is a double headed steam room with seat. The coffee my husband says is great. Bath & Body Works lotion & body wash. The staff was so nice at check in. They even called us an hour after we got settled in to check in us. We are 1/4 mile off the strip and they have shuttles that will take you anywhere, even the grocery store. They have a pool with a deck (and for the kids - you can see the airplanes land!). They are also apart of Comfort Inn chain so I'm getting my points! My only regret in posting this.... Others will now know about this amazing place and the $129 price (for 2 king beds & 2 pullouts) I got will go up because demand is going to go crazy. Go away people this is my new best place ever!!!!!
1	I was appalled at the total lack of professionalism by the sales people in the bullpen area. Part of it is the way the sales people conduct themselves and part of it is the general atmosphere of the sales area where you are in a 1-on-1 sale pitch. It is so loud in the large room with 2 or 3 dozen tables (it resembles a hospital cafeteria) with all of the sales people talking. There weren't that many potential customers there, so lots of sales people were standing around with nothing to do. At this point it felt like I was in a bar. There were sale ladies cackling, I witness 1 gal "flip" another guy off and another gal was gabbing about a "whore" and followed up with "damn". This place really needs a break room that is away from the customers for the sales folks who aren't pitching to gather. Again, completely unprofessional. If this is how the sales forces behaves, I can only imagine what it would be like once they actually got you locked into a contract.
4	The Bluegreen. This was a very good resort to spent a week at Vegas. Close to the airport and not too far from the strip. Workers are very kind but very money oriented as well, but we have to accept the deal that they working for little money so we the guests have to tip them very good. And that's alright. Shutters going to the strip very often and drops you off at different locations So you can get to anywhere you want. The rooms are beautiful, new, clean and the service are great. Only bad side is the Bluegreen money orienting timeshare presentations. They giving you high pressure to buy traveling packages. I hate it. I bought one after 3 ours hard conversations. They don't want to take no for an answer. So I bought the cheapest package just to let me go to enjoy my day with my family. It was disgusting. Anyway the resort awesome just do not show up for the presentations unless you really want you to throw you're money at them. Anyway. It's a good place to stay at.
