3	you know that scene in Goodfellas where all the mobbed up dudes are at the Copa with their girlfriends? this place is kinda like that, only classier. mirrors and black&white tile everywhere, fake palm trees, and a $14 shrimp cocktail appetizer with shrimp the size of lobster tails. the food is ok, not sure if we'd go back again.
4	this restaurant is so gaudy it's amazing.plenty of Fat Tony types mililng about and chit chatting with the regulars, the food is unbelievably good...but it'sreally the decor taht makes this place awesome.the bar area is an explosion of 70s disco era over the top glitz, with a long bar area that features a classic black and white checkered floor and full wall mirrors accented by neon lights that run the length. seating features tables with pole coming right out the middle, and if you come during the day, you will see sugar daddy's taking their pets from Bourbon Street (a strip club accross the street) out for lunch a field trip dance.i had a friend who worked the bar here for years and oh the stories she woudl tell! on a side note, i also had a friend who worked at Bourbon Street and she had quite a few tales herself.def go for at least a happy hour, check out the menu and atmosphere first to decide if you like the absuridity of this place.
5	Hands down, my favorite restaurant of all time.  My grandparents have been going to Avanti since the 70's!  It does have a mobster vibe and I think I have actually seen mob activity there before, but that is what makes it unique. The service is impeccable and I have never had a bad meal. They have the best gnocchi I have ever put into my mouth, it is served in a pasta trio with other pastas of the day.  Another tasty dish is the osso bucco.  You really should try this place at least once.  It would be great for a nice date.  I don't think that they strictly enforce a dress code, but you'll want to dress up a little- not a baseball hat and jeans type of place. Also, you'll want to make a reservation.
5	Great food!  Great service!  Price - not for the faint-of-heart, but reasonable.The previous reviews give you an idea of the ambience of Avanti.  I'll just add that The noir ambience is dominated by low-key lighting . . . and deep shadows, creating feelings of intimacy & privacy. . .  even in the middle of the room.I'll go back whenever you invite me to go. . .  and some other times too!They serve larger portions than I want to surround, so I usually take home what's left on my plate.  It's great the next day.
5	This is the BEST Italian food in Phoenix. The "Goodfellas" vibe is understated. What I loved was the 80s decor, and I mean that in the best way possible! Leopard print, glass block, neon, LOVE IT LOVE IT!
5	Good service, great food, good place for a date, not a good place to hang out with friends. Full bar, servers take time to make sure you are happy with what you are ordering and with what you get
5	Me and my lady friend went here for dinner last night. We were a little underdressed but no one seemed to mind. We were promptly greeted and seated. Even though this was our first time dinning here, the waitstaff made us feel like we were regulars. The food was amazing. The fried calamari was cooked perfectly and paired with a great tasting spicy marinara. The salads were average but good, and the entrees really stood out. I had the Veal Marsala, which was off the charts. After 35 years these guys know how to cook veal. It was pounded very thin and melted in my mouth. The lady had the salmon, which was parmesean crusted and very good. It was mild and wonderful. The tiramisu for dessert was also great. Next time though i will get the pasta as the were making it fresh in the restauraunt. I have to give that a try. The ambiance was great. I don't think they have changed anything since it opened in 1974. It's not trendy or chic but it is classy and takes you back in time. It does seem like it attracts an older generation, but if more people try this food they will flock there in droves. I can not wait to go back.
4	Started off with the garlic bread - nothing special but done right, next was Insalata Capricciosa - salad greens, dressed with balsamic vinegar and creamy flavorful gorgonzola cheese, which stayed crisp even after an hour.  The "Involtini of Eggplant" with mozzarella and fontina with tomato basil sauce was excellent.  While my love and I waited for the shared main course of eggplant lasagna, I happened to chat up the courteous and attentive waiter who mentioned the specialty of the house - pasta made in house.  So we visited the pasta chef who proudly showed off the spinach-ricotta ravioli, pappardelle, fettucini and gnocchi.  Since my partner was nursing a leg injury, the pasta chef brought the tray over to our table and suggested we try the gnocchi with alfredo sauce.  The gnocchi were the melt-in-your-mouth kind and the sauce was a tomato enhanced alfredo - very flavorful.   Full from the appetizer, salad and gnocchi, we decided to take the eggplant lasagna home so that we could taste the home made "tiramisu".  Again, the tiramisu was incredible - the liquer flowing as your fork went through the dessert which was flavorful, not too sweet and coated the mouth.  We had the left over gnocchi and eggplant lasagna the next day - what a treat as a leftover.  Overall the service was great, food was excellent.  The ambiance is as explained by other reviewers, customers were dressed from casual to formal.  Decide to go here because as out of towners we not only could find the world famous pizzeria, but it had a 3 hour wait for dinner.   Talked with one of the owners of Avanti on the phone, who sounded welcoming and accommodating too.  We also cashed in on a rarely extended favor which helped make our decision instantly.  All the facts from the other reviewers are accurate - the 70s interior, the clientele, the owners etc.  Pending more visits, Avanti may get the 5 star rating after all.
5	Put simply. I LOVE Avanti. My cousin treated me and my fiance to dinner here in celebration of our engagement over the summer and I have been back several times since...would go more often if I could afford it ;) This place is seriously a hidden gem, and you would never guess how amazing it is from the outside. Do not be fooled by the ho hum exterior and questionable location, their food is beyond delicious authentic Italian mastery! I brought my very picky Sicilian friend for dinner once and she was impressed. Yes, yes.. the bread basket is lackluster, but the run of the mill rolls in no way reflect on the caliber of the actual food. Try the osso bucco, and definitely ask about the special!What about the service you ask? Oh my....don't get me started, they treat you like their best customer who has been a patron for years (and they have been open for that long too). Each server we've had has been friendly, attentive, knowledgeable and downright charming. On a side note, the 80's elegant interior is just a bonus! Black and white floors, mirrors galore, dark, moody and strangely intriguing. If you're lucky you might land on a Friday night with Jersey Joe at the piano belting some Sinatra cover giving the place a definite Copacabana (right out of Goodfellas) mob like feel. So, do yourself a favor and make a reservation for an evening at Avanti...and be sure to order a godfather on the rocks while you're at it (It's not like you can get away with it anywhere else in town).P.S. Dinner is around $18-$30 a plate, drinks and appetizers are priced accordingly... totally worth every penny.
5	Great, authentic, entertaining, somewhat scary (Good Fellas, Joe Pesci  scary) Italian joint.  And please rest assured that this reviewer does NOT consider Olive Garden as the standard (I wish we could root those folks out and sign them up to a Yelp for Dummies service)...yes, I'm a freakin' elitist, but what can I say?  I am a foodie, and Italian culture reigned supreme for a millenia.  The owner is 100% Italian and runs all over the place making sure all is well.  The wine list is all over the place and mostly phenomenal, very pricey bottles.  We found an excellent Amarone for $60, but you can find some bottles for less.  Wait service was excellent, but totally unpretentious.  This is the real deal folks.Ask for a pasta sampler plate.  The gnocchi is out of this world.  Escargot was traditionally prepared with butter and garlic, Caprese salad was perfect.  Veal Osobuco with rissoto was out of this world (I usually resist veal as the treatment of the animal is more than I can bare, but man you can hardly go authentic Italian with that attitude!).Here's the scary part:  There were some mob-looking folks in there, with plastic-surgery wives and fat rings...I could totally picture a scene in the Godfather or Sopranos where someone is dragged down that narrow, long hallway to the bathrooms/back alley by a guitar string wrapped around their neck.  I swear I was peeking around the corner before walking into the bathroom just in case someone had put a hit on my ass!  Luckily I made it out of there alive and very very satisfied.  Spent $150 for 2 including tip and a nice bottle of wine, and we gourged.  I rarely give a place a 10 unless it's very fine dining, but this place came at it from a different angle and was worth every penny.  Enjoy!
5	You will not find a better Italian restaurant in Phoenix than Avanti. Ignore the hype, this place is serious class. The owner meets you at the door and the food is the best Italian around.  I'm Sicilian so I know good Italian food and this is the best Italian restaurant I have found in Az. It is not inexpensive, but you will not be disappointed.
4	I went to a Christmas party that had Avanti cater.  It was fantastic.  It was the first time the family had used them, and I swore they had been in the home a million times.  The server treated everyone like family and the food was fantastic.  We began with ravoli, then a real caesar, and Osso Bucco complete with a marrow fork.  I was too full to even have the tiramisu.  This could not have been cheap, but a lasting impression is rarely affordable!
4	We had a company office dinner here and had a great experience.  The service was outstanding and food was very delicious. However, the inside of this place is outdated and needs a face lift.   Well be back again...
5	Avanti rocks. Simple. I went there for T-day Dinner (and I know, I'm ridiculously late in reviewing this place.) The turkey dinner thing they did was awesome. The waiters all speak Italian and called me & my mom Bella. Our waiter suggested great wines, a white for mom & red for me. Both lovely choices. The ambiance alone seriously piqued my curiosity, and I was excited to check it out. People talk about this place. As in, "Yeah, I'm going to Avanti."    "Oooh, Restaurant of Distinction!!"  It's like that. And I was NOT disappointed. Probably the most comfortable booth I've ever sat in. Strangely perfect for dining and staying comfortable at the same time. Even the bathroom was cool. They have little velcro covers for the the pipes under the sink. Talk about class. Yes I'm being sarcastic, but at the same time I DUG THEM!!!
4	I'm not a big "coupon" person, but we got a deal from Travelzoo for a 4-course meal at Avanti.  We probably wouldn't have tried it otherwise, and we are glad we did.  We weren't sure what to expect, as the restaurant is in a "fringe" neighborhood.  As we pulled up the restaurant looked nice and the parking lots was full.The decor is 70's/80's mobster, but that kind of adds to the charm.  There are plenty of Italian men running around serving people tasty plates of food and wine.  And there are tons of guys in suits everywhere.  We started with fresh pasta (delicious), followed by caesar salad (excellent), and then chicken parm (mmm), and tiramisu and caramel flan (love).  We had a bottle of Stag's Leap Petite Syrah.  (They do a ton of fun wine tastings.) It was packed on a Tuesday night, which was pretty impressive.We loved our experience, because it was authentic, the food was well prepared, and the service was great.  We will be back!
4	"restaurant of distinction": right off the bat, the expectations are high.  when you're arrogant enough to put something like that in your title, you're awesome in my book.  it's like calling myself "todd 'the man' o." maybe i will change my name to that to put myself in a comparable position to that of avanti.onto lunch...started off with some of their house garlic bread.  if i didn't have a flight to catch right after, i probably would have eaten more, but decided to be nice and spare my fellow row mates.went on to my main dish: linguine with white clam sauce ($16).  quite possibly one of the most amazing pasta dishes i've had in a long time.  the sauce had a bunch of clams, which i can always appreciate.  if it wasn't a "restaurant of distinction," i may have started to lick the plate after my linguine was gone.concluded the meal by sharing the homemade tiramisu ($6) with my 2 colleagues.  for the price, i've had better.
2	I don't understand all the good reviews.  We went for lunch on Valentines day.  The waiter did not seem to really "know" the menu and he was a bit distracted and distant.  The ambiance was just okay...We shared the caprese appetizer.  I have had much better at other places, even made at home with fresh mozzarella.For lunch I had the pasta trio.  The raviolli I didn't care for.  The rigatony was decent and the gnocchi was decent.  For dessert we shared the spumoni.  Disgusting.  My husband liked it so I guess I am just not a fan of the stuff.We drank waters and the bill was $68 after tip.  I won't be going back.
4	My friend and I had a coupon for a 4 course meal at Avanti that cost us $59.00.  It was the best money I've ever spent.  The restaurant is lovely, the food was fabulous and the service very attentive.   On a recent Saturday night, we each had the gnocchi and ravioli appetizer - to die for!  The Caesar salad was one of the best I've ever eaten.  When choosing our entree, there was no vegetarian selection listed.  'No problem' said Jon, our waiter and he had the chef prepare a delicious risotto primavera for us.  The only thing not superior was the tiramisu.  Although it tasted great, the bottom layer was too soggy.  I'll give them a pass on that because having assembled that desert many times I know how tricky it can be.
4	The husband and I went on a Friday night for a romantic dinner and really liked the place!  The service was great, the ambiance straight out of a Soprano's episode and the food was delicious.  We especially loved the crab cakes!  We even had dessert - the cheesecake was pretty good.
4	Was at a business function where Avanti was the caterer.  Given that the group consisted of 160 guest, I was concerned that the quality of food would suffer.  I really should not have worried.  The menu was simple.  A simple salad, followed by a main course of a veal chop and dessert with berries and whipped cream.The veal chop was stuffed with spinach and a little cheese.  It was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  I don't think I've ever had a veal chop this moist and delicious.  The berries with whipped cream were a perfect ending, as it was light and it was served with a crispy florentine with just the right amount of sweetness.  I've been to the restaurant and had mixed feelings, but for a catered event (this was at the Art Museum) I now have a renewed respect for the quality of Avanti's catering service.
5	Delicious food, authentic Italian cuisine. Chopped salad was fresh and simple. Veal piccata was perfect - light and flavorful. Wonderful wine list; I went with the house Chianti. Great service, plus you get to learn a little Italian. Bellissimo!
5	My girlfriend and I went to Avanti tonight for an anniversary dinner.  It was because of Oscar, a 12 year veteran of the 37 year old restuarant, that we had such an incredible experience.  His thick Italian accent was a great kick off to the experience.  He not only helped steer me between two wines I couldn't choose between, but he also placed the bottle far enough from our reach to make sure that he was the one topping us every time.  He made impeccable recommendations on the menu, and timed the delivery of our food, dessert, and check perfectly.  We felt important; not rushed.  I made sure to ask for his weekly schedule before I left so that I make sure he is there to wait on us for future visits.
4	Walking through the door to Avanti's is like time-warping back to 1970's Phoenix's top Itallian restaurant.  Looking more like a disco studio than today's refined simple modern standard for restaurants, it's a time warp.And all the staff evidentily were there on the opening day in 1970 as well, but that isn't a bad thing.  They have a very defined "script" they follow of an old school Itallian restaurant, and do a good job of it.After being scolded for trying to take the napkin to my lap while my wife's was unfolded by the waiter, I decided to go with it.We did the $59 4 course prix fixe menu.  Ask for it if it isn't offered.   All the food was good, most of it ranging from excellent to amazing.  I ordered the ceasar salad, while my wife ordered the caprese salad.  The ceasar salad was excellent, and while dressing was heavy, it was so dang good I ate every last bit of green.  The caprese salad was different than most, with no vinegar, and over a pile of greens that looked like basil but didn't taste the same.  My wife liked it, but prefers vinegar.Next I had egglant parmesan, which was a nice small portion and very tasty.  It wasn't fried, which was interesting, and had a cream base to it.   Extremely good.My wife had the pasta trio, which was outstanding, because it's clearly homemade.  I mean, melt in your mouth pasta.  Not enough to share, but perfect for a pasta course for one.Next came the entrees.  I had been tipped off that any fish that came with parmesan encrusted, was MUST TRY.  Mark these words.  You will not go wrong with the parmesan encrusted fish, even if you aren't a huge fish fan.I ordered the Sea Bass, as I generally prefer that to the Paresan encrusted option, Salmon.My sea bass was just okay, but the lemon butter sauce with capers and artichokes was outstanding, and so made up for it almost.But my wife's salmon was a thing of beauty.  I mean, perhaps the best salmon I've ever had.  And that's saying a lot.  Lemon butter sauce was even better, parmesan was terrific, and I found myself stealing 1/3 of her dish because I couldn't stop myself.  And I NEVER do that.So if you take away nothing from this review, if they offer some fish parmesan encrusted, go for it and don't look back.Lastly, was desert.  I had the recommended creme brulee, and my wife had the cannolis.  The canoli was good, maybe very good.  No complaints.  My creme brulee was just okay.  It has less of a custard consistency than I was used to, and had very little burnt sugar top, which is really important for the experience of creme brulee.  Had the requisite blue berries.So that was it.  $65 for two, as we only had water since we started a bit early.  Well worth the price, no doubt about it.So if you want to go to a restaurant with outstanding food, see a glimpse of what dining ina  1970's restaurant was really like, and be surrounded MOSTLY by people in various stages of retirement, I highly recommend Avanti.I wish I tried more of their fresh pasta.  If I was going back, I would probably share a pasta dish with my wife, each have the permasan encrusted fish of the day, and skip desert.  Good luck and here's to making it back out of the 70's time warp!
2	We returned recently and tried their pasta course prix fixe meal.  It was supposedly 5 courses (I was thinking tasting menu like, not expecting huge portions), but they served it as 3 courses (salad, main, dessert) and the pasta was obviously premade and just glopped on the plate, one big spoonfool to each corner.The only pasta that rose to the "good" level was the gnocchi.  One tasted like vegetable stroganoff and was just nasty.Ceasar salad had way too much dressing and tasted pre-made (kind of limp and drowning), the pasta as a whole frankly tasted like crap, and the dessert could have fit on a tablespoon.Furthermore, our server seemed rude since we weren't dropping $150 on dinner.  We made no complaints as it seemed like one of those heavy handed places where the blame would clearly be placed on the patron, so we didn't bother.  Just smiled weakly and paid the bill.It was a big two star step down from our first experience, where I was probably generous as it was with 4 stars.  Frankly, I'll take my business elsewhere with the many amazing Italian restaurants around the valley.  Leave this restaurant to the Assisted Living crowd that spare no expense for frankly mediocre food.However, IF you have to go here (coupon, invited by another, etc.), stick to the following:Order the parmesan encrusted fish (you can't go really wrong with that), and if you want a pasta course, stick to the gnocchi.  And pass on dessert and salad course unless you like a ton of dressing.
5	We went to Avanti for my birthday. It is a special place. Andrew, our waiter was very pleasant, informed and attentive.   We started with 3 different  homemade pastas and a side of fried Calamari and all were excellent. My wife had a fresh white fish encrusted with herbes and parmesan. I had a double thick stuffed veal chop. Both dinners were excellent obviously each prepared with much care to detail.    We were so full, we didn't have room for dessert. There was a piano player playing softly in the bar. The dining room was quiet and candle lit, perfect for a special adult night out.  The owner came by every table to make sure everything was perfect. Special wine dinners are offered periodically.This was one great find. We will return and bring  friends.
5	Loved it. Service was top-notch and the food was fabulous. I can't believe I saw negative reviews on here. The food is very authentic.It's definitely not for those on a budget.
1	Groupon rip-off. Small salad, three extremely small plates of mediocre pasta desserts that cloyed the palate. All for an advertised value of $90. Will NEVER return.
2	I have been very disappointed in Avanti's lately. I used to love it. A friend and I each got groupons to go so I thought great can't beat half off. I hadn't eaten here in years. Nothing has changed it's dark and outdated. They need a Ramsey make over for sure. The service was good although it was very difficult to understand our waiter he had an extremely thick accent. The Caesar salad was very good. The veal parm which is my favorite of all time was not good. The veal was rubbery and the breading soggy. The pasta was way overcooked although the sauce was good. The Tiramisu was soggy as well. The cake at the bottom was soaking wet. YuckIf not for the groupon I would have sent this back. But half off an overpriced meal made me think I got what I paid for. Well we had another groupon to use so we went back. The second time the service and atmosphere the same. Me thinks there is a microwave doing heavy duty in the back. This time I had seafood risotto BLUCK! The Risotto was undercooked and had no flavor. The seafood tasted dirty and there was grit in my shrimp. This Risotto was a disaster! My friends vegetables were mush. It was worse than the first visit. The worst part of both visits is that the restaurant was almost empty on a Sunday evening and the food was sub par it makes no sense to me. The long and the short of it I wont be back. Avanti's has slipped to Olive Garden level with Macaroni Grill prices! WAY OVER PRICED.
4	Gnocchi and Tiramisu were delicious for a early Saturday Meal .  I will go again for my favorite winter Italian fix.  Its too bad that a Groupon/Other discount programs are necessary to offset the high a la carte pricing.   Obviously the Restaurant is staying open with the heavy discounting  programs based on the Yelp reviews.  It would make sense to realistically price the Menu so that they could cater to repeat Guests like myself and not rely on the 3rd party marketing.   John is very a gracious server who was very nice.
5	Had Cesar salad, pasta and desert. Gotta say it was all pretty good. Bread was pretty good also. Will be back at some point.
4	Food was excellent.  Kind of in a crappy part of town.  They pour healthy glasses of wine =-) and the food is served in a presentation format.  The decor made me feel like Scarface might be sitting a few tables away.  The decor in the bar is dated and the mirrors all over the place made me feel funny.  The service was FANTASTIC and you feel very comfortable making conversation without worrying about being "too loud".
1	Disgusting!  Had a Groupon so my daughter and I tried it out.  Very outdated and gaudy 80's style interior made me feel like I was in an episode of Sopranos.  The food itself was pretty bad.  We ordered pretty simple dishes but they just had no flavor at all!  After trying it out I'm positive all the good reviews on here are employees or owners creating them.
5	Just went to Avanti for Mother's Day and was very pleased. The meal was a brunch buffet and was some of the most authentic Italian food I have tasted in America. The service was equally matched with the exceptional cuisine.
4	Wonderful place with great food. The place could use some updating but I still like it.
2	I went there for my 30th Birthday celebration. We were greeted immediately by a friendly staff member and taken to a table that was not set up for the number of guests we had even though we had called ahead several days prior for a reservation. We were given 2 dinner menus for 5 people. We asked about happy hour menu and he brought back one menu and wasn't able to answer questions about it. He took the appetizer order from 3 people and left the table without taking order from the other two. He didnt return till the appetizers came out from the original order. The apps were fantastic! (Stuffed Shrimp, Shrimp Cocktail and Salmon). We asked about the price fixed menu for $60 and he didnt really know much about it. We ordered out entrees and they arrived rather quickly. The entrees where very bland and lacked flavor and substance. I have had way better food at Olive garden, which is really sad for the price of the food.  Very disappointed.
4	get the ngocchi and that is all I have to say.... do it before you die.   The stuff melts in your mouth and I have never had it taste so good anywhere else.  The food and service are great at this place and the prices are like a really high end restaurant.  This place has been around since the 70's and it shows...which is my only complaint.  I really wish they would remodel this place and revive it a little bit because the food is really good.  The owner is always around our server has worked there for 33 years if that doesn't tell you something.  The atmosphere in the bar is black and white checkerboard tile with mirrors for walls.  The dining room has been painted but the furniture is a little dated.  I ordered the veal Marsala and it was fantastic, my wife got the salmon and it was even better.  I wish this place was closer to home I would come more often.
3	Service is awesome and food is pretty good.  We had reservations which ended up being unnecessary as the place was empty.  The decor is definitely outdated and the clientele is family oriented and a lil loud as there's lots of laughter.  I'd definitely recommend if you are going ins big casual group, but not for a date.  The chef himself was very sociable and stopped by every table which was an excellent touch.  We had the lobster and the risotto.  I'd take the risotto over the lobster but at the end of the day it was good!  I'd come back for sure.
5	Excellent Italian food! The gnocchi is the best with the cream sauce....so good! Escargot and calamari are wonderful as well. The service is awesome! Old fashioned customer service that's hard to find nowadays. Mine and my 6 year old daughter's favorite place to eat! ....which says ALOT.
4	Excellent old school Italian!
1	Maybe it was because I went on an off night (Tuesday night). Maybe it was because I was there for a company dinner with about 20 people (although the restaurant was empty). Maybe it was because I spent the last three weeks on a whirlwind tour of New York, Philadelphia, and Asheville, NC.In any case, aside from the service, which was very good, I was deeply unimpressed with the food here. We started off with a plate of gnocchi in an Alfredo sauce and an appetizer of calamari. The gnocchi was completely drenched in Alfredo sauce, which is reminiscent of restaurants that try to hide the quality of their food with excessive sauce, e.g., The Olive Garden. The calamari was a bit rubbery, but otherwise average for a 2-3 star restaurant.Onto the main course, I opted for the Ossobucco Milanese ($33). Again, this dish was completely covered in sauce. Aside from the bone, I wouldn't have been able to tell what I was eating. The risotto was overcooked, and there was a hint of a taste of dishwater so it was probably diluted to keep it from burning on the stove.Again, the service was very good. And their bread was probably the best part of the meal. Maybe this place did serve good Italian food at one time, but the oversaucing of the food just killed it for me. For $33, I would like to taste the quality and flavor of the meat. If I wanted to eat gravy, I'd go to Grandy's. And don't get me started on the decor. Wow. Just wow. Think mirrors.My suggestion would be to skip this place and head over to BLT Steak for their escargot appetizer ($7) during happy hour and then to Beckett's Table for the Pork Osso Bucco Confit ($18). And if you want a cleaner taste, try 5th & Wine. Either way, you'd be spending about $10-$15 less money for much better food and atmosphere.
5	I couldn't find anything wrong with Avanti. Five starts across the board! To starters, the decor is amazing. It is right out of a scene in Goodfellas, or even Scarface. Think elegant 80s chic, right down to the zebra striped chairs. The service is spot on; this isn't your chain joint with some struggling actor as your server. All the servers here know their menu and their wine pairings. The food is the icing on the cake! Everything here is authentic italian, and it is downright delicious! The boo and I had bruschetta as a starter, then moved on to the pasta trio with the gnocchi, vodka sauce penne and fettuccine alfredo. Everything was creamy and cooked to perfection, and we finished with their tiramisu, which was divine. Drinks were strong and were perfect; they have an excellent martini here! All in all five stars, this is an excellent place for birthdays, romantic dinners, and special occasions. Avanti has lots of character, check it out!
4	I ordered the special which was recommended by the waiter and it was great.  My wife had the fish which was very good too but maybe too much lemon.  The atmosphere is great.  It looks like an old school Italian restaurant.  They have a lot of photos of celebrities so I guess famous people like to eat there too.
5	This place is awesome!  Service and food is great!!
2	How does this place have four stars??  Everything was extremely overpriced for the quality and the service was terrible!  Our server was kind (the whole putting the napkin on your lap sort of thing), but he never once engaged in conversation with us and disappeared for at least 10 minutes at a time.  Beware of ordering the Bruschetta if you do not like olives.  They put olives on it, but do not list it on the menu that they do so. Yuck!  It took so long to get any service that we couldn't even order more than one drink the whole evening.  When they give you bread, you should get at least four pieces to split between two people, not three.  The "wine's by the glass" selection was great!  I got the Tuscany Chianti and loved it.  Too bad our server was a ghost to allow me to order more than one glass. Fresh, crisp and flavorful caesar salad.  The lasanga (we split) was at least $5 over-priced; very little meat and barely warm to the touch.  I felt some tension arise when we showed him our Groupon.  I think he made a lot of assumptions about our appearance (look very young) thinking we wouldn't give him a decent tip.  Well, he was right, but not for that reason.  He got a tip, but small because the service was so bad.  Will not go back again.
5	The first thing that comes to my mind when I walked in was a scene from Scarface. I expected to see Al Pacino sitting waiting for me, but instead I was greeted  by a very nice waiter and then introduced to Angelo. Angelo gave a heartily Italian greeting to my friend and I while he sat us. He alone is a reason to go to this gem of a restaurant.  We started off by ordering Escargots De Bygone the garlic butter and brandy wine combination was just right. This was my first time having escargots, and I really enjoyed it. Avanti has set the bar high for others. For our main entrees we both ordered a pasta special which included Gnocchi in a white sauce, Penne Pasta in a red sauce, and Two huge Ravioli's with spinach. Each was delicious in it's own way, being savory, and rich without being overpowering. We then were treated to a fish, I can't recall the name that was Parmesan crusted with a delicious sauce that was just right. The tenderness of the fish combined with just the right amount of richness from the sauce created a crescendo of flavors that was perfection. Last but not least we had a desert platter with three delicious deserts, a mango, ice cream sorbet that was amazing, tiramisu which was equally good, and a classic Italian desert I can't recall. It reminded me of lemon bars my mother used to make for my sister and I as a child. Overall this experience was amazing. I'm still thinking about it and telling my friends. The atmosphere, ambiance, and intimate setting along with outstanding food and service makes this a must see and eat place in my opinion. So many restaurants these days are about group dining, and group experiences, this is a lovely escape from all of that. When you just want an outstanding meal, friends, and good conversation.
4	Based on a recommendation from a friend, we've dined here a few times.  This Italian joint reminds me of the Peppermill Restaurant in Vegas.  The dining room walls are covered in mirrors and the furniture is black and white.  It's dimly lit and has an intimate feel to it.  During our visits, we've had the following menu items:Escargots, $11.50Mozzarella Caprese, $12.00Spaghetti w/Meatballs & Sausage, $19.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-restaurant-of-distinction-phoenix?select=g6rybW0TkoO10ItXCbJDyg#g6rybW0TkoO10ItXCbJDygTortellini, Lasagna, Gnocchi (custom made sampler appetizer)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-restaurant-of-distinction-phoenix?select=OnKBcxrDWW269Z9ZAQ0hRg#OnKBcxrDWW269Z9ZAQ0hRgTiramisuhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-restaurant-of-distinction-phoenix?select=BzrmZfblwrBYIB0-5JpAKw#BzrmZfblwrBYIB0-5JpAKwThe best part about our experience here is the service.  On one of our visits, when we asked the server if they had Gnocchi, he said "We don't have it as a separate dish, but we can make something for you".  The Better Half ordered a plate for dinner that evening.  On another visit, the server noticed that I was on the fence between the Lasagna, Gnocchi, and Tortellini....so he brought out a small sampler plate for me so I could try all 3 before I made my decision....awesome!As far as the food, it's pretty good.  My fav's are the Gnocchi, Tortellini, and the Spaghetti.  You can't go wrong with any of them.Return Factor - 87%
5	I love the decor at this restaurant!  Went there for the first time with a Groupon discount and have been back 3 times since then.  The calamari is the BEST I have ever had here or in any restaurant in California.  Can't wait for the summer lobster special to return.  All of the pasta dishes are great.  Save room for the amazing tiramisu.  The waiters all speak Italian and are very attentive as is the owner who always makes it a point to stop by our table to see how we enjoyed our meal.  We had my Mother's 91st birthday dinner at Avanti, and she was thrilled with the attention that was lavished on her that day.  Will definitely be going back soon.
4	Highly recommended Avanti was my choice for dinner while visiting Phoenix. Avanti is located in suburban Phoenix so it would definitely have to be a recommend. I don't know how else you would find this place. In any case, parking is plentiful. You walk into a "mid 50-60" decor with red walls and dim lighting. Servers are dressed in suits. White table cloth, complete table setting, sexy in its own way.Short menu (that is a plus) Short wine list (another plus) and a good selection of wines by the glass. The food wash acceptable. The osso bucco was tasty but could have been done a tinge more. I like it when the marrow is like a gel... Truthfully, went there for the gnocchi which was okay.there were several sauces you could choose from to lather the gnocchi. I chose a cream sauce... Sauce was too thick for my liking, which IMHO took away from the texture of the gnocchi itself.I would go back though...atmosphere nice, servers nice...  Repeat performance do-able
5	If you read the other reviews, you'll come across one that mentions the movie Scarface and Al Pachino.  That dude nailed it!  That's exactly what this place feels like.Located in a slightly seedy neighborhood and not much curb appeal on the outside, you'll find yourself transported to the early 80's once you walk in the door.  Don't let that bother you!  Very nice restaurant, clean, and the clientele located around you will prove the theory of "repeat customers" as most are a little long in the tooth.The wait staff are "spot on" professional, helpful, friendly, and very good at what they do.  They walk with confidence taking orders without note pads and making not a single mistake.Three "chef" specials each evening, throw a dart at them as you can't go wrong.  Same with the menu, they will nail anything your order.  The Gnochi is just crazy good.  Veal piccata?  No problem.... perfection!The food is over the top outstanding.  You'll leave full and happy.  And the owner is there to meet and greet you.  Nice touch!!Bon Appetit !!
4	Great patio.  Red pepper soup very tasty as are shortrib tacos.  Great service
3	Though some what pricey, the food is consistent. Really like their antipasto platter and gnocchi
5	As a long-time Yelp user, I am embarrassed to say this is the first time I have submitted a review, but I was compelled tonight.  I travel to Phoenix several times a year, and stay at a hotel in the vicinity.  After several perfect visits to Avanti, I needed to make sure the world understands what is going on here.  It is simply sublime.  Be prepared; the decor is a total throw-back.  I expected to see The Rat Pack belly up to the bar for a cocktail.  This is seriously old school, and to me, extremely comforting.  The staff is top-notch.  They give the impression of folks who have worked there for a while and care about the restaurant and the impression they make on the customer. The food incredible.  My favorite thing on the menu is the Pappardelle with Beef Shank Ragu (why is it so hard to find Pappardelle anywhere??)  Trust me, you will not be disappointed!
2	What era is this?That was my first thought as I stepped into this restaurant.  Mirrored ceilings, velvet upholstered chairs, cheetah print fabric -- it was like I was in the 80's or in the movie "Scarface."  The place was pretty quiet and the atmosphere would be good for maybe a birthday or a graduation dinner. I came here with some clients for dinner (on a weeknight) while we were in Phoenix.  There were 2 or 3 other tables here that night; not very busy.   The menu had a good selection of various Italian dishes: pastas, seafood, chicken, veal, pork, etc. For starters, we all shared the Calamari (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#KrxhHm5bvPqPTmXfpO2rjA) and the Escargot De Bourhohne (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#_lPAyaWEzQ9QK92_i6trfA).  The Calamari was delicious!  The batter was light and crisp, and the squid was pretty tender.  The Escargot was cooked in garlic butter and brandy wine, which gave it some nice flavors.  It was a little chewy, but it pretty much tasted like a clam. We all shared a bottle of the 2010 Markham Merlot (Napa Valley) -- this had a nutty, vanilla, woodsy flavor.  We all ordered seafood so it paired nicely with our dishes.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#ofGN_r7-hk5EeZkx8W0h1g)For my main dish, I went with one of the specials offered that night, the Squid Ink Ciopinno (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#RCrj3Z_O7IyIUIVA6r5bTg).  This seemed more like a pasta rather than a ciopinno in my opinion.  What I love the most about ciopinno is that savory, rich, seafood broth.  This one didn't have any broth, it was more like a tomato sauce.  Although this dish did include a generous amount of seafood (mussels, shrimp, scallop), it didn't taste very fresh and had a rubbery texture. A few people at my table ordered the Dover Sole special that was available that night  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#9eQoEjUq1Ayiw6iKw4H5dg_.  This fish was fried whole, and then your server removes the fillet from the head/tail right before he served you.  Someone else ordered the Dover Sole dish that was available on the dinner menu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#RFHGeb_vykwNYJeIQv_fDA).  She did not seem to enjoy this very much.  I had a taste of it and it had a murky/mushy taste and texture to it.  The sauce was very buttery-- I prefer the fried Dover over this one.Dessert was okayyy.  I ordered the Spumoni  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#RlDB83kUQaeOOU-6EItG8A).  It looks like a vanilla turd, lol.  The texture of the ice cream tasted like those ice cream cups you'd get in elementary school-- icee, not creamy, and dirzzled with some Hershey's chocolate syrup.. what a disappointment.  The sorbet was a lot better than the Spumoni and was a refreshing palate cleanser (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#3go2OFhMl_zK2GETMSYJjg).  The Tiramisu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#pOWH0I8A7J4-UFByf4FR_A) was average.. not great and not bad. In my opinion, the prices here are super steep, especially for most of the dishes we orderded.  Service-wise, we were welcomed upon entrance and our server was very attentive... but only in the beginning of the meal.  It took us forever to get our check.
1	The only thing less fresh than their 1980's decor was the food on their buffet.Walk in and you will be greeted by an eccentric person in a leisure suit, you can either go in the glass doors with acrylic handles or in to the mirrored room with zebra booth and old conference table chairs. No this is not a gentlemen's club it is a a restaurant that just lacks windows. For Mother's day they had a buffet only setup, and what mom does not love cold food that has been sitting out for an undetermined  amount of time. The croutons in the Cesar salad were soggy as were the crustinni under the bruchetta. The pasta was cool. Even worse the butter soaked farm raised salmon cubes were just luke warm. The vegetables were mush and again just luke warm. The mozzarella in the caprese on the buffet was not made in house as it was firm and flavorless. The real amusing part was on the dessert section. There was a plate of items straight from Costco, lemon bites, cookies and cinnamon twists just as you would by at Costo, on a plate and picked over.  This is one relic that is better left in the past, horribly dated decor, sub par food at high prices means this place should be avoided.
4	Awesome service and incredible food. :)
4	Took a friend visiting from Spain to this place and we were both very with the food and the service! The food was great, the bottle of wine was superb and the flan was also great. Considering the food that we ordered including crab cake appetizer and dessert along with the bottle of wine our tab was only about $125. I came out of this place very satisfied!
1	NASTY! Gordon Ramsay would have ripped this place apart. I'm imagining that's why there were only 6 people in this fairly large awkward restaurant on  a Friday night.  Completely outdated overpriced food. $26 for the grossest chicken Francese I have ever eaten. What a ripoff! Also their house wine is $10 a glass ( barefoot brand) will never return.
5	WOW! I think I have found my new favorite Italian restaurant in Phoenix! I wish that we had found this place sooner. We have been missing out on fantastic Italian food and the service here is top notch! Angelo is an amazing chef and everything that comes out of the kitchen is fabulous! We started with the fried calamari, perfectly cooked and the sauce, OMG! The red sauce is absolute perfection. For entrees I had the tortellini portofino and my husband had the chicken parmigiana. Both were absolutely amazing.  My husband is also obsessed with the meatballs here and orders a side every time we have dinner. For dessert, we shared the tiramisu and it was perfect; one of the best I've had. I also love how old school this place is, they still have handwritten bills, see pic! We will be back.
5	I love this place; I have been here several times. The first time I walked in, I felt I was on the set of Scarface so I was immediately intrigued. I have had a lot of calamari fritti, and I have to say Avanti's is the best. Not overly greasy and very crispy. Their gnocchi and risotto have also been amazing. The owner, Angelo, will make it around to you if he is there. I have also sat at the bar with friends and had some good conversations with John, who has been there for the long haul. The service is great, but a little different from what people are used to (servers dropping off the check at their convenience, etc.). Avanti's servers want you to have an elegant dining experience, and they are mindful of your experience. They will not clear your plates until they are absolutely sure you are finished or give them a signal (napkin on plate or even a nod). If you have wine to finish, they will stand back and let you enjoy it and the company you're with, even if they have locked the doors and want to go home. My party and I have been the last to leave on a couple of occasions, and they are greatful for your patronage and do not act at all put out for being there a little later. They are attentive without being pushy or intrusive. That is class. Yes, the prices may be higher than what you would pay at some other Italian restaurants, but I believe you are also paying for the experience and great service on top of the delicious food.
5	I am so excited that we are going to Avanti again for our wedding anniversary! We have done this for years the food is superb and you will not find better service. The atmosphere is Art Deco and very elegant but very comfortable. My favorite restaurant!
4	From out of town lookin got some pasta! Settled on this place and ordered steak pizzaiola instead! 2nd best i ever had! My waiter was old school! Very attentive and accommodating! I was wearing carhart pants and shirt and still got 4 star service and attention! Expected a snooty attitude. Got quite the opposite!  Decor is a little weird but the food and service more than made up for it! Thank you, unknown waiter it was a great dinner,though I was flying solo! I would have given 5 stars but after all it was the 2nd best steak pizzaiola I've had!
3	We wanted to love this place.The decor is gorgeous.   My girlfriend called it "old school," but I thought it was so unique and refreshing.  Roses coming out of red walls.  I loved it.The owner who greeted us couldn't have been nicer.  The rest of our experience, unfortunately, wasn't as good.When we sat down, the plates in front of us were taken away, and then they gave us bread ... without any plates (and without telling us it's garlic bread so you don't need butter or anything).  We were confused, though the bread was delicious.The appetizer we got (which was a sampler with 3 pastas) was lukewarm.  Not bad enough to send back, but nothing to rave about.My girlfriend's entree was incorrectly made, but the server fixed this quickly and brought us a free dessert as well.Both entrees were fine.  Again, nothing to rave about.We had a deal for $20 off, but were pretty shocked when the bill came, showing $90.  The entrees are more expensive than good, as is the rest of Avanti.
5	My husband and I come here about once a week for a lovely Italian dinner and have made our way through the majority of the menu. The food is FABULOUS and the service is top notch! On our last visit we tried the eggplant involtini for the first time and it was amazing!!! The gnocchi with Alfredo is another one of our favorites and you can't go wrong with the spaghetti and meatballs! Love this place!!!!!
3	The food here is good, not phenomenal.  The service is great.  But that still doesn't make me want to come back considering the prices.I came for a special lunch, so we had the back room to ourselves and a special pre-set menu.  For my entree I ordered the pasta sampler.  I had never tried gnocchi, but I loved it.  The other pastas that came on my plate were just so-so.The best part of our meal was the service.  The waiter was very friendly and attentive and willing to accomodate people's requests.Sadly, I can't imagine coming back here because our bill came out close to $85/person (although admittedly we did have two drinks each).
3	We visited on Christmas eve, from out of town. The kitchen must have been slammed, because while the service was friendly, it was very slow. The food was fair, but was not a good value. It was old- school Americanized cuisine. I would not seek it out again.
5	A classic Italian restaurant. Tablecloths and such, but not too pretentious or upscale. Just a good restaurant. Service was excellent and attentive. The atmosphere is somewhat traditional, and business-like. You'd think you were in a scene in the Godfather. But that's not what made it great.The food was exquisite. From the perfect Italian breads, already brushed with olive oil, to the fluffy pasta crepe and nuanced sauce of the cannelloni, it was superb.But that's not what made it great.The wine list was thorough, but I just had the house red, which was a nice Chianti.But that's not what made it great.The cannoli. Don't leave this cannoli. OMG. I am a huge fan of a proper cannoli. By proper, I mean the filling should not be chalky. It should definitely not be custard. It really shouldn't be ricotta, but it's a cheaper cheese. The PROPER cheese should be mascarpone. The waiter promised it was, and every bit as good as what grandma used to make.It was. I wanted to cry, it was so good. The filling was perfect - no chalkiness, no grit, no dryness. The shell was also perfectly cooked, just the right thickness and crispiness. It was like an out-of-body experience.Go here at least for the cannoli. Stay for the dinner too. Fantastic place, and I'd wager the best Italian in the southwestern United States.
4	So much discussion here about Avanti.  I last visited in the late 90s.  It's good stuff and the lasagna is delish, but do you want to venture to central PHOENIX across from Bourbon Street strip club, for over priced lasagna?  It's good and if you are in the area, stop by but don't make a special trip.  It's just not worth it.  Bring a gun too. You're in the hood.
5	Just amazing!   Food was great - salad, appetizer, dinner & dessert.  The wife raved about the gnocchi.   Everyone at the table had to try it.  Was excellent.  The waiter actually brought another side of it on the house.  Service was fantastic.  As others have noted, the atmosphere is out of date -- but the late 70's or early 80's isn't exactly a bad time.   My only negative comment is the tiramisu was a bit soggy (for lack of a better description) on the bottom.  But that is completely excusable due to the service and everything else being remarkable.  We will be back for sure.
4	They have the best Paprdelle I've ever had.Great service too.
5	This place was amazing.  I went there for lunch today and I can't wait to go back.  I was greeted at the door by Angelo, the owner.  I felt very special and welcomed.  The atmosphere was very intimate.  Kind of reminds you of an East Coast old school Italian restaurant.  The trio of pasta was excellent.  My favorite was the gnocchi in Alfredo sauce.  All 3 were fabulous, but the gnocchi was exceptional. I've already made plans to go back for dinner with my husband.  I went on Groupon, just to try it out, but I would have gladly paid full price.
5	This place was Great. The food service and atmosphere was unbelievable. The pasta dishes we had were the best we have had since Italy. True Italian
5	We go to Avanti's frequently, Dove sole and Benito's fillet. Always good and they serve the best straight up no frills martini in town. Great for special occasions.  Recommend you try this old school fine dining.
1	I went there for Mother's Day, and after reading many of the reviews here, it was exactly as I expected it to be. Coming here was not my idea. It is sub-par, old school (cough-cough) Italian out of the 60's. Most places would have given a Mimosa with brunch or even a rose to mom. Not here. There was a large display of some stuff they called food, but it was gross. Believe me, folks, this is not Italian but some semblance of what they called Italian. I am ashamed for them. As others suggested, the pasta was mush; there were breakfast buns on the dessert table, grizzled lamb, and butter knives for cutting meat, which could not cut through the ham! Someone mentioned the desserts were probably bought at Costo. I felt the same. This was all for the price of around $40 per person. Ugh! Did I mention the over-priced, watered down drinks? No real Italian would ever put cheddar cheese on an antipasto. Did I mention our food plates were piling up on our table, but no one came to take them away? Service was lacking for a place that didn't have to worry about serving food for the day. Every item at the buffet table should have had a serving utensil but many had none. I was very uncomfortable having to pick with my hands. It was all poor quality food and poorly prepared. Not for foodies and especially not for real Italians!
4	So had a gift certificate to eat here so rounded up a couple of co-workers and headed to lunch! It was a really cool place the wall of fame was solid! I ordered the Chicken and Sausage Scarpariello it was AWESOME service was good..will come back to try dinner for sure!!
2	Old Decor. Service from servers who are...weird. The owner did a table touch to see how everything was. We hadn't even gotten our appetizer. The Shrimp Cocktail was large, cold and fresh. The steak that my brother in law had was very large and cooked properly. I had the pasta trio. The gnocchi was good. The other two pastas were below average and I suspect made from a canned pasta sauce. There were 5 of us dining. Some were happy with the experience. Others simply tolerated it. We dined for a special occasion, Father's Day. Avanti had been on our list of "To-Try" restaurants. Been there. Done that. Won't do it again. Once you've seen one pink-walled, Zebra coated restaurant, you've seen 'em all. This place is past it's prime.
1	Not going to waste too much time on this review because it was so awful. Bottom line, unless your name is Gordon Ramsay, do not step foot in this restaurant. Our service was fine, but the food was undercooked (they breaded the halibut!??!?), mushy, and tasted several days old. This experience would have been forgettable and/or forgiveable if they weren't also charging $35/plate for the halibut "special". There are so many other restaurants nearby that charge less for a much better food experience. Bottom line, avoid Avanti.
4	Heard this place was great and saw that it was happy hour so decided to drop by. Unsure about the service at first but he ended up being really friendly and helped us make some great choices regarding what to order. Everything we tried was delicious and the $5 glasses of wine complimented the meal perfectly! Great old school vibe. Looked like a great place for parties and events.
5	We love Avanti! They have a lobster special during the summer that is awesome! You get a whole fresh Maine lobster served with clarified butter, pasta with marinara and veggies for $30. It is so fresh, perfectly prepared and amazing. On top of that, the service is the best. They genuinely care about the customers and go above and beyond to ensure you have a perfect dining experience. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for the perfect place for Italian food. Also, check out the Phoenix magazine best of Italian, they have a feature on the owner, Angelo. He and his entire staff treat you like family. This is one of our favorite restaurants in Phoenix!
5	My new favorite restaurant in AZ. This is the kind of place I have been looking for since I moved here. Real authentic Italian food finally!
4	Recently rated as a top ten Italian restaurant, I decided to go out with some friends. This is a great place to have a nice relaxed meal where you can actually have a conversation without having to shout over obnoxious music. Service is superb. Waiters were very attentive, ensuring we were well taken care of and glasses stayed full.My husband ordered a steak with mushrooms with seasonal vegetables that were cooked to perfection. I enjoyed linguine with clams in a white wine sauce. Delicious! We also shared a Cesar salad and an amazing slice of tiramisu. The decor was not what I expected, but I really liked the funky feel. Not the usual maps of Italy hanging on the walls or faux rustic-looking walls. If you want a nice relaxed and yummy meal, check out Avanti. We'll be visiting them again soon.
5	Ok, so this was the first review I ever wrote on Yelp. This restaurant was the whole reason I even joined Yelp. It has and will always be my favorite restaurant in the valley. You may not get it, but that's because you probably suck. First off, this place is totally dated. It's dated because that's part of it's charm. This was the place to dine back in the 80's and early 90's. My grandfather only ate at 3 restaurants in the valley back then: Avanti, El Chorro on Lincoln, and Don & Charlie's. He liked being treated well and these places never missed a beat. Of course, times change, but this is why I will always love this restaurant. It has been consistently good my whole life. Also, it should be noted, if you treat your waiters well, they treat you well. Gramps was a big tipper and he got treated very well. When he made a reservation, he made it with the same waiter, for like 20 years. Ok, maybe not that long, but long enough that he saw my mom through two marriages and several relationships. Well, maybe 20 years isn't off the mark? His drink of choice, vodka on the rocks with anchovy stuffed olives, would be sitting at his table waiting by the time we sat down. Not many restaurants can pull that off. So yeah, I am probably biased. But I am biased because I have had some great times in this place over the years. To this day, I never order gnocchi anywhere else. It's always a disappointment. It's true, though, the vibe isn't the same as it once was. For one, nobody knows how to dine anymore. Dinner used to be an event. You ordered at least two rounds of drinks before you even considered ordering food. How are you supposed to get a buzz on otherwise? Then you would order some apps/starters, then a main course, then dessert and after dinner drinks. This is the kind of place you spent some time in. This is the kind of place that used to require some proper dining etiquette. I don't find this happening much anymore at Avanti. There hasn't even been a need for valet on my visits over the last several years. That's not a bad thing. Just an observation. Times are changing, and people don't have the money to spend on dinner they used to. One thing that hasn't changed, though, is the food. So I will continue to go back, even if I don't have the time to "dine." I will go back, even though it will always have to be without my grandfather. I will go back just to get a sliver of what this place used to be back in the day ... which was, wait for it, legendary.
4	This restaurant has been around for many years, it has great service except for restaurant week. We  had their Caesar salad  which was a little on the salty side , their soup Italian wedding soup was warm and tasty nice broth. They have great bread. The place is a little o n the dark side and these old eyes have trouble with the menu. I loved their shrimp scampi. Great deserts
4	Woooooooow! Went to Avanti with a few friends for restaurant week. I decided to split the restaurant week menu with a friend since she had weight loss surgery and can't eat too much. I am severely regretting this decision. We got the meat lasagna...is it impolite to lick the plate clean? Is it truly considered poor etiquette to do so when it was THIS delicious? Meat lasagna, people! It's the way to go! At least I know to order double helpings next time I came. And I will be back!
5	A+++ would do business with again. How come no one mentioned the piano player?!? Great ambience, AMAZING food and fabulous service. Out of four people we all ordered different appetizers, salads, entrees and dessert. Every single dish hit out of the park, no bad meal and we are a group of foodies who eat at all the dive places around town. Ever been to Durants in downtown Phoenix? This one is not a far cry from that dated, classic feel. The piano guy takes requests..he knows it all! Perfect atmosphere -- highly recommend.
5	One of our favorite places to eat in Phoenix. The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but the restaurant is fabulous. The good is delicious, I've never ordered something I haven't loved. My favorites include the Benito Salad, spaghetti and meatballs, lasagna, and pappardelle. The portions are large prices are higher, but great for a special night out. The service is what makes this place five stars. The waiters will take great care of you and make you feel like a regular.
5	Every restaurant in the valley could learn how to take care of customers if they visited Avanti. The wait staff is by far the best in town, knowledgeable, courteous, prompt, professional and attentive. Being Italian, and traveling extensively I frequent recommended Italian eateries across the country. Avanti is my "place" in the Phoenix area. I've been coming here for many years and the service and food are consistently excellent. I have been there with just two of us and I have entertained 45 plus people on back to back nights with rave reviews. I have had them cater a wedding for 200 and once again, perfection. Amazing food, old world style and class and great people that appreciate your patronage and show it. You definitely get what you pay for and then some.
4	Food was amazing and so was service. We came here for new years eve from out of town and we were a little worried as we drove through the sketchy neighborhood and saw cash and go, etc. It's kind of in the middle of all of this. When you walk in it's a little funky with almost mirrored ceilings and the lighting is too bright. But the food was fantastic. We had chicken parm, scampi, caprese, cheesecake and tiramisu. Service was slow but intentional to let us enjoy the meal - reminded us if really being in Italy.
