5	The hands-down best pizza in the world. Chef and owner Chris Bianco was recently given the James Beard award for Best Chef Southwest.
5	This pizza is AMAZING.  Definitely one of the top 3 pizzas I've ever had.  New York-style.  We had two pizzas between the two of us (hey, we wanted to try it out!), both "white" pizzas.  One was arugala with some other veggies and the other had sausage and carmelized onions.  OMG it was delicious.  And it doesn't hurt that there's a wine bar next door, in case you have to wait for a table at the pizza place :-).
4	This is the restaurant my family goes to after Diamondbacks games. Really yummy, creative pizzas. Open late too.
5	I've had the opportunity to sample a few of the gourmet thin-crust pizza offerings here, all have been fantastic - and that's a big compliment coming from a native of the Land Of Pizza (Chicago)!  The wine bar next door is a pleasant place to relax while waiting for your table.
3	This pizza is good.  That being said...it's not crack, heroine, or the last meal I ever want to eat.  All the buzz around this place may have shot up my expectations but, when you get down to it, this is good pizza and mediocre service with a vastly overpriced wine bar next door.  Would I go again?  Sure, if I were really craving it.  Do I really want to wait another 3 hours to get a pizza?  No.
5	I wish Chris would come up to San Francisco and open a resturant. I cannot find pizza here that's even near the same level of his wood fired pizza's. You do need to show up at Bar Bianco about 2 hours before you want to eat, but it's worth the wait. The bread, the salads, the wine and the PIZZA... all fresh and tasty and... damn, I can't wait to visit AZ again!
3	The most overrated pizza in the world.  Yes.  The pizza is good.  But for the last time, it's pizza.  Is pizza worth waiting 3 hours for and putting up with snotty bad service?  I have been here a couple times and the overall experience has always left a bad taste in my mouth.  If you are patient, tolerant, easy-going, and addicted to wood-fired pizza, then by all means, go wait with everyone else.I am really blown away by all the 5 star reviews.  I guess some people are more tolerant of the "Soup Nazi" mentality than me.Update:  Okay.  I need to clarify my review.  I can't knock the food.  It really is fantastic.  And I wrote this review a couple years ago when I was unhappily married and the thought of having to wait more than 15 minutes for a table was intolerable because I just wanted to eat and go home.  So, take what I say with a grain of salt.  If you love pizza and don't mind waiting a long (long) time, you will probably love this place.
4	Despite the lines, the crowds, and the wait, I found Pizzeria Bianco to be a worthwhile dining experience....even though it didn't fit into my Chicago-style definition of pizza.This isn't the place to loosen up, stuff yourself silly , and quaff beer by the pitcher.  If you're on a date or entertaining an out-of-town couple, it's pretty hard to beat.  But if you're looking to feed a softball team or a sizable collection of drinking buddies, don't even think about it.Getting seated at Bianco reminds me of doing the same at Zachary's ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/JsqK99Ka8gIgu1ZtzDupRg ) in Oakland, Ca.  You walk in, a receptionist takes your name, and they give you a projected wait time that can be as long as an hour.  Right around this time I'm thinking it'd be nice if we could wait in a bar, chat over a beer, and somehow be summoned back  when our table was ready. To my utter delight, our waitress informed us that LO AND BEHOLD!!! SUCH A SETUP EXISTED!!!  We were quickly shooshed over to a rather pleasant bar next door where the lengthy wait passed by painlessly as we sipped drinks and chatted up the locals.  The bar was crowded too....and I had my doubts about the restaurant staff's claim of a Saint Bernard-like ability to find us in the crush of humanity....but find us they did, and minutes later we were seated and perusing the bill of fare.First off, a glimpse at the menu told me I was in for something completely out of the ordinary.  Pizza's only came in thin crust, and were served in only one size.  There was no build-your-own list of toppings, and the pre-defined combinations didn't look anything like standard pizza parlor fair.  On the other hand, the sizable wood-fired pizza oven in the corner looked fascinating, and Bianco himself was running the kitchen with a focus and dedication that bordered on religious fanaticism.Tires hit pavement when the pizzas showed up.  I've gotta say it was dang tasty, and I didn't regret the wait or the expense one bit.  Still, if you're craving a more Chicago-style pizza, this just doesn't cut it.  The ingredients are fantastic, the preparation is perfect, and the ambiance isn't lacking in the slightest......but halfway through my first pie I found myself yearning for something thicker, and wound up fighting the urge to grab two pieces at once or fold one over to simulate a thicker slice.  If, like myself, you hail from San Francisco, it's similar to Pauline's Pizza ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/tIzKxpADKMMmzDr5n07lQg ) on Valencia between 14th and Duboce.All in all, Pizzeria Bianco was great, but nothing to set the world on fire.  It was tasty, and it was without doubt a high-quality pizza.  East Coasters with their love for a thinner, more spartan pie will probably see it's virtues....But as for myself, I see it in the same way I do Pauline's Pizza in San Francisco...memorable and worth the visit, but it  never comes to mind when the pizza craving rears it's ugly head...
3	hmmm... Sounds good. I sure try A.S.P.
5	This place is reminiscent of thin-crust Neapolitan pizza I've had in Italy - who would have thought?  The first time I came here a couple years back I accidentally sprinkled salt (thinking it was fresh mozzarella) all over my pizza.  Doh!  Please note - for you newbies.  I heard the owner farms his own ingredients on-site and make his own mozzarella daily.  I usually order the Wiseguy w/ fennel sausage.  Personally I don't mind the wait - which is much shorter on a Tuesday or Wednesday.  But anything less than 2 hours is almost unheard of, so be prepared.  This place is a destination restaurant and def brings out Phoenix's own Bridge and Tunnel crowd (West Valley, East Valley, Ahwatukee, oh my).The adjacent bar is charming and has decent wines by the glass.  Most people either love it or are so over-hyped about this place, that they can't help but feel let down.  I fall into the former category, so check out Pizzeria Bianco.
4	Yes, you have to wait.  That's why there is a bar next door.  And the bar makes it easy to wait - Great wines, good beer selections and some nice antipasti if you showed up too hungry to make it through the 1 1/2 -2 hour wait for your table.The pizzeria itself is small and classy.  The wood burning stove is visible from every table in the restaurant.  The menu is small but everything I have tried on it has been delicious.  The "Spiedini" appetizer is so good it makes me want to cry and the salads are always fresh and creative.  The pizza is thin crust, love that, but I wish there was a little more variety.  Overall, a great place.
5	Normally, I would deduct a star for having to wait three, that's right, three hours to get a table. But Chris Bianco, himself, mans the  kitchen and it's clear that he puts his heart into making pizza. There were four of us for dinner, so we sampled all the salads and appetizers, which were all wonderful and then had the wiseguy pizza which had homemade fennel sausage as one of the ingredients. And for a rare event in Phoenix - it was freezing cold. We luckily managed to get a spot in the bar next door where we could keep warm. Parking is limited, so if you have to park in the adjoining garage, as we did, make sure you bring your parking stub to get validated.
2	I saw the mention in that book-- was it "The Best Pizza in America" or somesuch?-- and since I was living pretty nearby at the time I dragged my sister out to get in line at 4pm or so.The pizza was most definitely not amazing, stupendous, or even particularly impressive.  It wasn't horrible, it wasn't inedible, but it wasn't worth the hype and it was not worth the wait.I would give it 3 or maybe 3 1/2 stars, but it gets worse thanks to the atmosphere.  My sister and I chose what we were going to order and she excused herself for the restroom, and the waiter came over while she was away.  He made it quite clear that I had one chance to order and I would not be able to make any changes or additions once he put the order in.  Between that and the hectic din and the general sense that this place was all that and a slice of pizza, I was sort of let down.As someone else here pointed out, though, the bar next door was actually quite nice.  Pleasant atmosphere and definitely more relaxed.  We chatted with the bartender for a time before we realized that we needed to get in line to get our name on The List so we could come back to the bar.  Hmmm.I say take the time you would spend waiting on line for Bianco and spend it with friends and family at your favorite local pizza joint.
5	My favorite dining experience in Phoenix & I've been EVERYWHERE! I've had every pizza twice but I keep coming back to two pizzas. The, 'Margarita', & 'Bianca Verde' pizzas RULE here!
5	A friend of mine from Tucson invited me to dine here during my visit in Scottsdale- he touted it as being one of the top 10 pizza places to visit (in the US)- and even proclaimed as a " pizza nirvana''  by the NY Times! I wasnt particularly looking forward to the dinner- for you see- hot pizza and hot Phoenix weather would just be too hellish for anyone to undergo- but suprisingly- the calm evening desert wind- added some 'enticement.'We arrived with lines forming outside its doors- but no worries- because they were waiting for their reservations- and well since we didnt have any- we accepted to eat outside...  My friends predilection for for sauteed onion prompted him to order the wiseguy and I ordered the sonny boy.Wiseguy was topped with caramelized onions and delicious fennel sausages... i like the sweetness and peppery taste! Mine was topped with olives and salami- a spicy and salty nature from the mix...Soooooooooo if you're ever on a long lay over in PHX- try catching a cab to this pizzeria- because its worth the visit... just ask those who did ;-)
2	Holy overrated Batman!  I've eaten here twice...once several years ago and once just about a month ago...and nothing has changed.  You still have to wait, even if you can get a reservation, the ambiance is horrible, and the selection is limited.  I'm a picky person about my pizza, and don't get me wrong, I enjoy all of the food at Biancos.....however is the best pizza I've ever had?  No....is it better than what you find in New York?  No....is it worth the 4 hour wait?  God no.  Do yourself a favor....save a couple hours of your life and go down the street to Cibo's....the pizza is just as good, salads and desserts are better, atmosphere is better and the longest I've ever waited there was an hour.
5	The Best Pizza....Hands DownI'm a little embarrassed to say how many pizza joints we've been to. My wife and I lived in Phx before moving to the SF Bay Area and have been here too many times to count. The 2 hour wait does not phase us, its an experience to remember. Chris Bianco is an artist with a pizza oven, something to behold. No wonder he's won a James Beard and is noted as the best pizza in the US. If you are as fascinated with pizza as my wife and I, you can't miss this one. Put your name in, get a bottle of wine, and relax. When your table is ready, ask the server what to order. You wont be sorry. This is the place that all others in the US are measured by in my book. Buon Appetito!
4	First off, the hostesses need to appreciate the fact that the waiting ritual here is a bit unique to first timers even when you know about the wait. Our scenario:Hostess: It'll be about 2 hours.Us: Ok, no problem.(Walk around downtown, go to Fate for appetizers, come back 2 hours later)Us: What's the ETA?Hostess: You left?! (Weird shuffling and glancing at reservation list, no feedback)Us: ...Uh yeah (thinking that it was 2 hours to kill).Hostess: Keep waiting.Despite 3 hours, this turned out to be a good spot for entertaining my out-of-town friend (especially since she loves pizza and is highly susceptible to hype). If it's not a hot night and you have a few downtown bars in your repertoire, you can make a good time of walking, talking, and relaxing during your wait. Personally, the pizza was too thin for my style (On one piece, it felt like my ingredients were touching me through the crust). However, my friend raved about how it was the best she'd ever had. Since I was entertaining her, I was really happy with the place. There are a lot of little quirks about Pizzeria Bianco, but there's something about the whole package that works into a really memorable experience and I think this is what the high profile reviews tap into.
4	Great place for thin-crust wood-fired pizza "artistry" featuring fresh, local ingredients. I sneaked in before a giants/dbacks game and lucked into a seat at the bar. the next group in had an expected hour and a half wait. ouch. the place IS small. there is one and only one pizza maker. expect to wait, even if you get a table. but the good news is that the food is fresh and tasty. wine, salad, bread and bar chat made my wait for the pizza a pleasant experience. my pizza 'rosa' - a sauceless pie was highlighted with red onion and arizona pistachio and was perfectly done.
5	I agree 100% with some of the reviewers who address the long wait time and the issue about what constitutes as some of the world's best pizza.  Our group of six were well-informed about what to expect were therefore comfortably prepared for an absolutely great experience.  We were told that there would be a two hour wait, so we arrived at Pizzeria Bianco's at 5:00 p.m., put our name down, and happily passed the time away with champagne, great beer, and a nice cheese and salami plate at Bar Bianco's.  It gave us a chance to relax, catch up with one another, and develop a great buzz (and appetite!) before we were seated.  Sure enough, we were seated on-time and there was great energy in the restaurant.  The decor was quaint, simple and not pretentious.  Despite the huge pizza oven that became an interesting focal point in the restaurant and could be seen from any point in the dining room, it was comfortably cool for its patrons in the Phoenix heat!  The place is a bit small and I wouldn't recommend going with more than 6 people.  For those who complain about this factor, I've learned through my travels that some of the coolest locations in the world like the Devil's Throat which accommodates only one spelunker at a time in its cave passages, or the little booth in the Parisian cafe that accommodates a maximum of four people at a time  - not every place can always accommodate you - sometimes YOU have to accommodate the place and sometimes you have to sacrifice a little for the experience.  (Alrighty, I guess that's enough ranting about the Ugly American from me!).  The place has a casual vibe and there were plenty of patrons in t-shirts and shorts, but I would feel like I were disrespectful of the whole experience if my husband hadn't worn at least a collared shirt with his shorts.  We all had shorts on, but were dressed nicer than if we were just going to the local taco stand.  We ordered 5 out of the 6 pies on the menu and we also ordered two salads (plenty of food for all of us just as the waiter had advised).  The caprese salad (tomatoes and mozzarella) had some of the tastiest mozzarella I've ever had!  All of the pies were great and I would not be the least bit hesitant to order any of them again, but my personal favorites were the Margherita and the Sonny Boy.  Not surprisingly,  everyone at our table had a different favorite because they were all great.  Overall, not only was the thin crust a perfect combination of chewy and crispy, but it was also tasty - I could eat the crust without any toppings (one prerequisite for me in a great pizza - like fresh home made pasta that doesn't need anything but a little olive oil and sea salt).  Each pie was a work of art - just beautifully rustic and easily identifiable since the toppings were certainly not hiding under a ton of cheese - they were lying on top in all their naked glory.  So people want to know - how does it compare to authentic Italian Pizza or New York Pizza?  I don't know.  It's Pizzeria Bianco's pizza!  Now the all important final answer everyone wants to know - is Pizzeria Bianco's the best pizza in the world?  I can't say for sure - I haven't been to Italy or a bunch of other places in the world that has pizza, but with impeccably fresh ingredients, undoubtedly good food, a great atmosphere, and courteous service, it is up there with some of the greatest pizza and greatest and most memorable pizza experiences I've ever had.  That's good enough for me to give this place five stars.
4	Ok. Ok. Chris Bianco is one of the most humble people I have met in a long time, and his food is orgasmic...but my *only* gripe about the restuarant is that I often feel like my table is on top of someone else's table. However, the food and wine (You MUST hit up Bar Bianco during your 1hr+ wait) makes up for the lack of intimacy. I would say that I could recommend it for a first date, because you will spend at least an hour waiting for a table, so grab a bottle of wine and chat, however once seated in the restuarant, the lazy romantic atmoshere diminishes. Great food, and the service is even better. It's is totally worth the wait.
5	This is an experience, more than a restaurant.  I've lived in Italy; I've taste the best pizzas of Rome and Naples, and the not so great pizzas of Bologna and Venice.  To me, the genius of the parmesan, pistacchio, rosemary, and red onion pizza captures the simplicity of Italy in a completely innovative way.  I love the wait for a table and the fact that the same woman politely answers every inquiry about how much longer it will be.  I recommend bringing home extra pizzas to eat the next day.  It is as good reheated as it is in the restaurant.
5	I have had Pizzeria Bianco on my 'Must Go List' ever since the day I first heard of it. My only obstacle? I live in upstate NY. So recently I threw logic to the wind and drove the 2500 miles for pizza.For those thinking now that I must be a raving lunatic there were some underlining reasons. I suffer from a debilitating disease and decided to take my children on a cross country adventure while I still can. Also them experiencing first hand a individual who is passionate about his work can only be a inspiring and positive thing in their young years. Or at least I hope so.I guess I could go on and state how unique and great the pizza was. Or how the salads were made with the best ingredients available.Or how even the potato salad in the antipasto may be the best darn potato salad I ever tasted. I pretty much tried everything on the menu except one salad and found everything outstanding.But I would prefer to address those who find it absurd to wait so long for pizza. I understand the puzzlement yet I believe they may tend to generalize it as just pizza. Which is not the case.Where in this country can you find people waiting outside for two hours in the blazing heat seem so happy? Strangers laughing and talking with each other, telling stories of past meals at Biancos to first timers. The joyous atmosphere was one of the first things I noticed and it was contagious. Once in the dining room nothing changed, people taking a step back, slowing down and enjoying great food and company. That in my view is what great food is all about.Producing this type of magical atmosphere in a restaurant is extremely rare and can't be a easy task. But somehow Chris Bianco has and this may be the very reason why people are willing to wait. The truth is. It's more then just pizza.Edited to add. Those who claim it is just pizza. As a chef I can tell you the test of true talent comes from taking a minimal amount of ingredients and making them shine.And without pristine ingredients it is nearly impossible to make something great if one is taking the minimalist approach. Chris Bianco's pizza's are every bit as good as Thomas Keller's Oysters and Pearls. And are harder to produce.
3	Have I had better pizza?  Sure.  Did I have to wait a long ass time in some nasty evening heat?  Absolutely.  Am I so bitter that I'll slam this place?  Not exactly.  Good meal, but not worth the extreme hype or loathing.  The antipasto plate was average, the pizza was tasty (but nothing special) and the wine selection was decent.  Not too shabby, but the reservation/seating situation is laughable.  In the words of my dining companion, "Why can't they just bring the pizza out here to the patio?  Do they need a wider door?"  Exactly.
2	All things considered, Bianco gets 2 stars.  Only pizza/food considered, I'd probably give it a 3.5 or 4 stars.  However, half of dinning is the experience.  And when it comes to Bianco, the experience is terrible.  Basically if you don't like to wait longer than 1-2 hrs for a table, you should go somewhere else.  The owner purposely keeps the place small so the wait time is always over 1 hour.  They only take reservations for 6 or more people (assuming availability).  They own the house next door and have converted it to a bar/waiting area.  Actually even the waiting area requires you to wait in order to score a seat inside.  Otherwise you are doomed to wait in the 100+ degree heat on the porch.  Having eaten at Bianco, I am really perplexed by why there is always such a wait.  I mean the pizza is pretty decent but bang for buck it's really not that much better than the Phoenix chain NYPD (NY Pizza Dept).  The only assumption I can make is that Phoenix area lacks well-reviewed restaurants so people always flock to Bianco because it has been pretty well-publicized.  As for the food, Bianco has pretty good pizza.  After all the chef did grow up in Brooklyn.  The pizza is thin crusted, good amount of cheese and sauce and they are wood-oven cooked.  The menu has a choice of 7 or 8 pizzas, a few appetizers and a few deserts.If you want good pizza without a wait, go somewhere else.  If you want to wait for 2 hours, eat good pizza and be able to say you ate at the pretentious Bianco's then go try it.ADDED: Finally, I think part of the reason why I think it is over-hyped is because it is pizza.  In my opinion, something like Bianco's pizza has minimal ingredients and uncomplicated tricks of the trade.  Of course there is probably a lot of skill that goes into making the dough exactly the right way and I can respect that.  He does a good job at that.  The sauce probably has some ingredients and seasonings that add to the quality.  But at the end of the day, it is pizza...and American pizza at that.  He makes all the pizzas himself because he wants to, not because he has to.  If he wanted to, I can't imagine it would be terribly difficult to hire assistants to help him put the sauce, toppings and cheese on.  =)
2	Pizzeria Bianco presents itself as an authentic Italian-style pizza house, taking pride in its quality of ingredients and consistency of dishes.  Whether the establishment has succeeded for its average patron is subject to debate.  (As a general caveat, do not trust in any Phoenix-based review of this restaurant.  Phoenix is not even remotely a world class dining city, and any restaurant in the city cannot be objectively judged by any resident of the Phoenix metropolitan area.)  The national pundits have touted this as the best pizza in America, by icons like the Food Network and even Oprah Winfrey.  Whereas the food was of acceptable quality, the dining experience itself leaves a great deal of room for improvement.  Upon entering the restaurant, an air of pretension washes over the diner; the restaurant and its staff is adequately aware of the recent press surrounding Pizzeria Bianco and it is apparent in the treatment of its patrons.  I got the distinct impression that the staff was doing me a favor by seating me, instead of me doing them a favor by providing business.   Aside from the ostentatious behavior, there is typically a 2 hour wait.  This is an egregious wait (even though I was mentally prepared for such a wait).  Beyond that, parking is difficult to come by considering its smaller-than-fast-food style parking lot (and Phoenix is not an urban environment; driving is almost mandatory).  The wait times have accumulated due to the national press and, on a purely subjective judgment call, the ever increasing desire of everyone in Phoenix to be a part of something trendy.  Since the wait was so long, the anticipation of the food's delectability grew in our already whet appetites.  To hold us over, we treated ourselves to a few of the appetizers at the annexed bar next door.  Prosciutto was mediocre; the lack of creativity begins to seep in our impressions as the dish is improperly paired with poorly cooked crostini.  Next, we had a selection of 'gourmet' cheeses so entirely pedestrian that one might wonder if a Kraft representative was secretly replacing foreign cheese samples with basic flavors.  The cheeses did not present itself in a natural progressive order along the palette leaving conflicting flavors fighting over oral real estate.  After repetitious glances at my wristwatch to gauge just how much time has passed, my party was finally called to our table (a total wait time of 2.5 hours).  Despite the lack of apology for the wait, my friends and I were excited to have a seat.  We started with a local organic greens salad.  The greens were not as fresh as one would have hoped; a lingering bitter taste hovers and is not well compensated by an unevenly distributed vinaigrette dressing.  We moved on to an Insalata Caprese (though the menu left the English translations; authentic Italian indeed).  This dish was delicious.  The olive oil was of high quality, as was the tomato, basil, and mozzarella cheese.  All ingredients were fresh and very tasty.  This basic dish was the single best piece of food served to us.  Since there were several of us dining that evening, we ordered pizzas across the menu and shared family style.  The crust on each pizza was delicious; the quality of the crust can not be understated.  It handled well in strength and durability against pizzas with tomato sauce, and was stiff, and at the same time chewy, enough against pizzas that are largely cheese or meat based.  However, whereas my pizza crust was excellent, the others at the table complained that theirs was burnt; thus, the consistency the owner strives for by hand making every pizza is entirely suspect.  The other ingredients for the pizza left room for desire.  The sausage was fatty; sauce too zesty; selection of cheeses seemed out of balance with the accompanying flavors; vegetables were elementary and sometimes undercooked.  In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.  The national critics must have been treated to a much better dining experience, because mine was only memorable because of how ridiculously over hyped this restaurant is.  This is a consistently emerging theme in Phoenix, the fastest growing city in the United States.  P.S.  I was not able to adequately comment on the wine selection, but I would assume it is poor.
3	I am still trying to figure out why people wait hours to eat this pizza. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is very good. But, if I wait 2 hours for pizza, that stuff better be divine intervention and the tomato sauce better cure cancer. The hostess and waitress we had was stuck up and rude. That's one reason why I would hesitate to come back.The pizza is good. I think LGO (in it's hey day) may have had pizza that competed quite favorably to it (without the wait).  The pizza was 4 stars, the service and wait (we waited 45 minutes) was a 2. Hence, my 3 rating.
4	I finally got with my patience and decided to take the plunge and check this place out. I felt the pizza was very very good, I wouldn't say it's the best, but it definitely competes with the top pie's I have had. I didn't mind the waiting much because they had very good German beer and plenty of friendly people waiting and / or working there to talk to. I would do it again, but not as a regular thing. Beware parking can be hard to find, you can use the garage around Washington and something, sorry I cant recall the exact entrance to it, but they will validate your parking so it won't run you much after that, I paid 3 bucks.
5	We've been twice in the past month and think it's well worth the wait.  There's only one Chris Bianco and he can't make the pizza any faster without compromising quality - crusty complex dough and generous tasty toppings. We've worked out a system.  There's two of us and we try to go early in the week before 7pm.  We leave our name and get the usual "it'll be 1.5 to 2 hours but check back in 40min."  Make sure to call back exactly in 40min - we almost lost our place when we called back 10min late.  Plan something to do during your wait - bring reading, go shopping nearby, whatever.Both times, we lucked out and got seated in less than one hour.  Make sure to get an extra pizza - tastes just as good the next day - 5 min in a 500 degree oven.
5	I love this place.  But then again I like standing in lines.  The longer the line, the more reassured I am the the food is likely to be good.  So I was estactic to be told that it would be a 2 hour wait till we get seated.  Not that waiting was any hardship with Bar Bianco so close at hand.  I was half-way gone before I can start on the pizza, so I don't remember too many specifics, but I do remember that it was good.
5	This place is soul squared. There's nothing finer than an evening starting with a long conversation with a complete stranger at Bar Bianco, followed by an antipasto platter, then a Biancoverde with a layer of buttery proscuitto piled on top. Bring me a pint of cream ale and I'm in heaven. If Dave brings it to me, even better. Crusty, cheesy, salty, splendid heaven.
5	PIZZERIA BIANCO, the holy grail of pizza. Oprah hit this shizz up a few years ago, chefs list it as their "last meal to eat on this earth" or something on their "Best of" list and this place just blew up. my grandparents have lived in AZ since the 80s and visited Bianco, pre-Oprah, and didn't have to wait for 2+ hours to get a slice from Chris Bianco's oven. I went last December post Suns game, hoping that since we got there around 9, the wait would be shorter. yea, I was wrong, but the wait was worth it and i liked the "waiting arrangements" next door at a little victorian house that felt like someone's house with a full bar in it, complete with board games and mags. my boyfriend and i waited for 2 hours or so (note: they do not take your name after 10pm to wait for a table and they do not take reservations, obvs), until our name was called and we sat down in the smallest little dining room ever - basically you are on top of the oven where the golden pizza comes out of it, but i was ok with that. the ambiance was very "italian grandma's kitchen" and i loved it. we ordered 3 pizzas for the 2 of us. i mean, we're not crazy, we didn't know the last time we would be back here and willing to wait or lure other people with us you would be willing to wait - so naturally we needed to bring home some leftovers (b/c Bianco does not do carry out or delivery). we got the white pizza (my fav especially because i would rather have my pizza without sauce, very italian and very cheese+bread you might say, but i don't care, sauce ruins the pizza most times), margarita pizza and some other pizza that my boyfriend ordered prosciutto on top of it (we can call that one the mainly meat one). they we are AMAZE...amaze. i brought the pizza home to my dad and showed him the goods we scored; he was proud of me (i mean this is the most coveted pizza in the US people, the big O put the gold coating on it), he proceeded to eat the pizza in the morning for breakfast, warmed up in the oven of course. it was AMAZE then too, i took a few bites (it was hard to eat more pizza after i consumed so much while at Bianco)the hype is for real. the pizza is the shizz. this is it, your pizza holy grail. get on the next flight to AZ or get your ride on the 101.
5	Blah, blah, blah.... best pizza in the world.... Almost silly for me to write a review about Chris Bianco's Pizzeria, but here goes....Kari and I cook at home, for ourselves and for groups, 5 or 6 days a week unless we're traveling. And we often cook even when traveling. Doesn't leave us much time for going out to eat. That said, our little group hits Bianco EVERY week. It's a ritual. One night a week, we go early, drink wine, get a grilled cheese or cheese plate, and wait... sometimes waaaaaaaaaaait. Knowing them doesn't get you in faster; in fact it might be a detriment. But it never disappoints. You really just have to make a night of it.Tips for making a night of it:  - come with people you know & like. a first date there can be brutal!  - bring layers: if the wait is long, the weather can change.  - plan on drinking and getting snacks next door at Bar Bianco.  - bring games or other distractions: we're the idiots that bring mexican train dominoes or dice every week.  - when Sue quotes you a time, it's accurate. live it.  - make friends with the people who are waiting near you. some of them are in our foodie circle now. it's like a micro-YELP at the picnic table.We've eaten pizza all over the country, all over the world... NYC, SF, Italy, Des Moines, IA & St Joe, MI... wherever! To say that one and only one pizza is the "Best Pizza in the World" is kind of ridiculous. But if I had to pick only one, last pizza, it would be Chris' Special - whatever he wants to make that night.(disclaimer: i'm not gonna order the special tonight, i usually let everyone else do that and eat theirs. i'll order exactly what i want: margherita w/mortadella, rosemary and garlic. but IF it were my last pizza ever... the special. and that night, the special would probably be: margherita w/mortadella, rosemary and garlic).
5	hands down the best pizza ever.get the margarita with proccutio. omg.sadly the wait is ooh soo long...why they don't turn bar bianco into extra seating for the pizzeria i don't know...and don't care.take a date. it's fun.
1	Yes, i am outraged about the wait. Do not tell me its worth it. It is NOT! No food in the world worth 3 hours wait, unless its last food on Earth.  Especially when they jerk you around - "5 more minutes only", "just another 10 min", "just a few more minutes". Just tell me 30 min and let me make my own call if i want to wait or go (I want to go!) And to add to this - It was not all that great. Yeah exactly! It did not sux by any means but it was not great. Let me clear it - its bazzilion times better then Dominos or PizzaHoot, a bunch of times better then Garlic something or Pappa J BUT I would take Nello's pizza anytime over this and i would only need to wait for 5 min. I aint coming back. Bleah! They can have some other losers hang out there for hours waiting for their food. I'll see you else where - fed and happy, instead of of pissed and hungry ;) "I no like"Eugene
4	This is the Pizza Nazi.  It's definitely out of the way, in an odd part of downtown Phoenix, and the wait can be pretty gnarly - I recommend packing provisions, in case the wait is unbearable... Prior to eating here, I'd read raves and reviews of this bastion of thin crust pizza in Saveur and Gourmet Magazine.  The proprietor is kind of a lunatic - he makes his own sausage... but I like that kind of fanatacism.  He kind of reminds me of the Soup Nazi... and having eaten the crab bisque there at least a dozen times... Seinfeld DOWNPLAYED the vibe.  It is what it is.Once we found the place, (there was a lot of construction and accessibility was kind of wonky) we waited for about 45 minutes... they do have candle lit tables and wine service while you salivate, waiting patiently for a table to become available.  This restaurant is definitely part of the "slow food movement" -  the salads are incredibly fresh and crisp, and the pizza... definitely worth the wait.  Obviously, you want to implement some "strategery" and arrive early, so as not to get stuck in the queue.  If you want the equivalent of pizza from the Gap, then by all means, call up one of those places that keeps their product under heat lamps and guarantees delivery in 30 minutes or it's free.  But if you're looking for the Savile Row version of pizza, this is where you need to be.  The pizza  arrives, toothsome and crisp, direct from their wood burning oven, made to order... bubbled and complete with a perfectly juuuuuust charred crust  This is the kind of mad genius that is essentially non-negotiable, because it's so eye-rollingly delicious.  Get your headspace right - this is an experience, not a standard reservation.  Go early, have a glass of wine, be in the moment:  revel in the comfortably arid dusk, and just enjoy it.
1	I don't know how you could justify a 3 hour wait for pizza.  I guess it's like Flavor Flav said, "Don't, don't, don't, don't belive the hype!"
4	I liked the pizzabut not enough for the wait times.I mean, really.I'd rather just go to Peter Piper, order a pizza and play some skeeball instead.
3	Warning:  Heresy to follow.I don't get it.  The food is ok, the service was great, but people waiting 2-3 hours on the weekends?  Why???Thankfully, when I went (on an off-peak night), I only had to wait about 40 minutes, which is still a long time for me.  Patience is not my strong suit.  The wait staff was very curteous & helpful, but the food (which I was expecting to be orgasmic- I even brought an extra pair of boxers just in case) was just... sort of... ok to good.  Certainly not, "I'll have what he's having" worthy".   Actually, it's probably for the best.  Girls can go on and do the whole O-face thing.  Guys can't.  We just look like we're having a seizure.  But I digress.  Maybe I'm just a pizza snob, which is a pretty safe bet, most Chicagoans are.  Maybe this is the best pizza in Phoenix (which is kinda like saying a place is the best seafood house in Kansas City).  I just don't see what all the hoopla is about.
5	To all the haters' "Stop Reading Now". You know who you are. Pizzeria Bianco is the best pizza in town, nay... the country.Disagree? Then explain the line of people waiting, every day, even in 120 degree heat. I'll wait for your retort. If you don't want to come, good, less wait for the rest of us.If you can't deal with the wait, and you need to hurry up and eat so that you can scurry home to see who gets voted off American Idol, then perhaps Domino's is your choice.But I have a better plan. Make an evening of it. Sit with a glass of wine or beer and chat with your friends. Talking can be fun too. But all that drinking and chatting will never compare to the loveliness and perfection that is the pizza.And don't think I forgot you my precious antipasto, you are my companion 'till the end.
5	AMAZING FOOD! Yes there is a long wait (2-3 Hours sometimes) but if you can't find any friends that you would like to spend a few hours with next door at the bar drinking wine and eating a cheese platter and some olives, then maybe you should just call for delivery and stay in your cave.  The ingredients are minimal on your pizza but you can' TASTE the freshness, and that beats all greasy and heavy pizza in my book! So come prepared to wait, but Bar Bianco, which is less than 20 steps away will help entertain you while you wait. Food and service are exceptional!
5	BEST PIZZA IN THE WORLD CONFIRMED!!!!  I have sampled pizza from around the world and who would of thought that such perfection could come out of PHX!!! I am sorry I think some of you guys are griping just to gripe about this place.  So you have to wait and yes it can be multiple hours , but when that first bite of your perfectly crafted pizza hits your taste buds BAM!  I get taken away on a magical journey full of artisan mozzarella, Italian cheeses, house made sausage, perfect sauce,  all served on the perfect vessel made to carry all these ingredients to the top of Mt. Olympus where the gods consume such pizza goodness!  I feel like everyone has a story about how they got to PB and here is mine:I recently worked in England at one of the best restaurants in the world.  The chef has a book series called "The Search For Perfection".  One of the recipes from the book was the perfect pizza.  After this book was published (around 2 years ago) there was a constant discussion at work who served the best pizza in the world. Of course all the Europeans would say Italy, but there was always one or two chefs that would speak of the holy grail of pizza found in PHX. This is where I first heard of Pizzeria Bianco's magic.  I felt a little confused at first.  I always thought the best pizza in the country at least was found in NYC, but to hear that such a place existed in PHX that not only was best in country , but best in world I had to find a way to get there.  Finally the day came!  I was in town for a convention, but all I could think about was this pizza and I had not even had one yet.  It was a Thursday night and I told all my coworkers we are going here.  I get them together around 430 and get over there at 5 and I already see the place is packed!  I am a little worried on how long the wait was going to be , but I was prepared to wait as long as possible.  I was there after all to eat pizza and nothing else.  The beautiful hostess approached me and told me that the wait would be 4 hours!  I was totally prepared but my co workers were not.  They decided no food is worth waiting that long for, but of course they were wrong.  I did not know what to do and proceeded to freak out a little.  Thinking I wouldn't get to try a piece of this ambrosial pizza.  It turns out during this time we were trying to figure out what to do another company had offered to take us out to dinner.  Now dinner had become business and I had to go.  This was around 630.  They had reservations at this sushi place.  We sat down at seven and I begin to get more and more depressed that I might miss this pizza because this is our last night in town.  I snuck to the bathroom to call a friend so they can tell me what time PB stops serving.  I found out the last call is 10 and if you make by 10 you will be served.  Things are looking up!  I sort of rush us through a big sushi dinner.  In the back of my mind I didn't think I was going to make it because of the consumption of sushi, but I knew in my heart of hearts that I would make it.  As soon I get back to the hotel , around 845, I call a taxi and snuck away to the mecca of pizza AGAIN!  I get there around 920 and I get a sense of relief as soon as I smell the wood fired oven once again.  This hostess was pleased to see me again and told me I had about an hour to wait.  I was all by myself, full off sushi, and I couldn't even sit because I was so excited for what lies a head.   I pace impatiently outside and scowl at all the patrons in the restaurant hoping that it might hasten their meals.  Finally,  its my turn!  I get seated at the bar.  I immediately know what I want.  I could not make up my mind, so I just decide to order two pizzas!  I am a gourmand.  I order the Margarita because that is a true test of what a pizza maker is made out of and the Bianco verde.  The waiter even commented how he liked my style.  I told him I was doing important research and he understood.  I nearly cried when the first pizza came out.  The artisan look and smell was unbelievable.  The taste!!!  oh my god the taste!!!!  I am salivating now just writing about the smokey unadulterated perfection only created by such ovens and hands of a master.  I could not complete both of the pies and figured I would later and took them home.  Still at home hours later the pizza carried the magic of the restaurant with it.  I am truly humbled by my experience at Pizzeria Bianco.  I had the chance to talk to Chris Bianco , who is there every night making your pizza , I told him of my adventure getting to his place and he was very grateful.This was def a highlight of my gastronomic experiences and would recommend this to anybody to do at least once before you died.  And all you haters need to look past the wait and the scene and just look at the pizza.
4	I have enjoyed the bar at Pizzerio Bianco a few times.  I am not by any means a bar goer.  But, I enjoy a glass of wine and a cheese plate.  The setting is comfy and intimate.  It is a nice place to visit.  If you are willing to wait, the food in the actual restaurant is pretty amazing.  But, there is usually a pretty long wait.
4	My name is Norma, and I have not reviewed Pizzeria Bianco yet.Hi, Norma.I've lived in the Valley for my entire life and have eaten here just under 5 times, probably. I went last night for the first time in 2 + years. It was good! I mean, I won't take the weight of the hype and so forth, because the atmosphere is incredibly charming, the service is dependable and kind, and the food is fresh, mostly local, and very handcrafted. Quite frankly, there's not much in this town that brings so much local flavor and independence to cuisine as PB does. That said, the menu doesn't offer much variety, probably for the same reason it's the champion of slow-cooking and primarily local-based. The wine list is fantastic, and, yes, you will be waiting. So don't bring your first date, don't bring the girlfriend you're trying to get rid of, bring your homies who you can talk shit with for hours on end, because it's very possible you're looking at a 3 hour experience, 2 of which are spent outside of the restaurant.
5	I cannot even begin to summarize (swiftly) my experience at Chris Bianco's Pizzeria Biano this past weekend... So, unfortuantley, for those who need a quick low down, I'm not your girl.  However, for those of you who are addicted to food and food experiences, my story might just be interesting enough for you to puruse.  Sorry to those who have to endure my lenthy way of saying how great my experience was.  My companion and I flew in this past weekend primarily to try Bianco (ok, so I got to stay at the fabulous Fairmont Resort and enjoy spa treatments on one day too, but without the possibility of Bianco, I would have elected to just go down to Miami instead).  We are self proclaimed pizza buffs -we've traveled all over Europe, Asia, the US... all in search of wonderful food, specifially pizza, experiences.  Pizzeria Bianco was finally going to be our next stop.  After reading about Bianco on blog after blog, mag after mag, we were qutie excited.  For us, this was going to be the end all be all of our search in the US.So, on Saturday night (our second to last night in Phoenix/Scottsdale), we arrive to Pizzeria Biano at 4:30 pm, only to be met with a line the length of the Great Wall of China.  Ok, a slight exaggeration, but what a line it was!  I ultimately lost count of the number of people, but it did hit about 100 with a few more people in front of me.  I later found out that people had started lining up at 2:45 p.m. just to get seated at 5:00 p.m. that evening!At this point, I still had hope... but, I was concerned.  I mean, there was literally fear in my heart - to come all this way from Chicago, only to be met by the possibility of not being seated and turned away and the option of returning the next evening being quite literally, an impossibilty (closed on Sundays and Mondays)... I was terrified.Promptly at 5:00 p.m. Bianco's doors opened (hear: heaven's bells at this point).  However, a young woman, walking along the line of people and obviously keeping count of everyone in line, at some point (not more than 2 yards in front me), suddenly stopped and announced that from that point back in the line, seatings would occur after 10:00 p.m.!  Ahhh... that would be 5 hours later!! Crap.  What does that mean for me?  Eat dinner elsewhere and return?  Hang around for dear life and hope things change?  Go next door and drink yourself silly with a few apps?  I wasn't prepared for this evolution.  A 2 hour wait was manageable; a 5 hour wait was unexpected at the very least and possibly brutal if you were rather hungry like me.  But, I stood in line until I made my way to the front and gave the hostess the number in our party and my name - at which point, she advised that the wait would be 3 1/2 to 4 hours long.  Well, to me, that was enough to give me hope :)  So, my companion and I settled in at the bar next door and began to relax.  A few glasses of wine and a cheese plate later... and having witnessed more than a few people summoned for their table, we were evetually called!  By this point, it was 8:15 pm - a time well under the 4 hours initially quoted!  I was ecstatic!!!So, happily we walk next door where we were seated promptly.  We placed our order even more promptly - 3 pizzas for the 2 of us (having waited for so long, we needed to experiment as much as we could).  We ordered the Wiseguy (sausage and onions), the Rosa (I believe this is the  name; pistachios and red onions), and another which had ricotta and greens.  ALL WERE TOTALLY WONDERFUL!  Literally - the crust is probably the best I've ever had outside of Italy (chewy where needed in the finish, but crispy in the initial give; and the smell was so pure) - and we all know that a perfect crust is the basis for a wonderful pie.  As to the toppings, my fave was the Rosa, my companion's fave was the Wiseguy... but, we both agreed and have always agreed that toppings are just something that is relative and totally subjective - no one combination is right.  It's all about one's palette.  I can't testify as to any apps as we stuck only with what was relevant to us, but the salad on the table next to us looked fresh and enjoyable. Funny thing - we finished eating by 9:00 p.m.!  A 3 hour, 15 minute wait all for a 45 minute meal, which we really enjoyed.  We can't wait to return.  But we did learn something - bring a couple of friends, be prepared for a wait, prepare to take turns waiting in the line while the others drink at the bar and you're good to go.
5	When you reach the passover from double, to triple digit reviews, you want the century marker to be something notable and worthy.  Where else could commemorate a 100th review than Pizzeria Bianco?The secret to Bianco is really quite simple:  Have kickass friends.  What I mean is, have friends who will call you mid-evening, and bless you with the great news that they have enrolled in Bianco prison, and would you kindly meet them for dinner in a few hours after the NCAA basketball games have finished and maybe after a little self-primping in front of the bedroom mirror?Why, yes!So, addressing the exhaustively discussed subject of wait time, having done both the hard-time and the soft-wait outside of Bianco, I have to say, "just get over it".  Is anything worth waiting two, three, four hours for?  Yes.UT national championship football tickets.A reunion Smiths show at the Hammersmith Apollo. A plane ride to Seattle.And Bianco Pizza.What I'm trying to illustrate is, you are there for the experience.  The wait, the wine, the conversation, rinse, repeat.Eventually, you will get into the gorgeous early-century brick general-store-esque building and feel like you've accomplished something.  Don't be a bitch about it.  This is the highest quality slice you will likely ever have, and though some will argue the necessity for the buildup, you will never have the same dining experience anywhere else.  Moreover, any place equally hyped and ballyhoo'd, will leave your wallet hundreds of dollars lighter.  Bianco does not.So, when the waiter came, and my gf and I finished off our delightful $9 Sangiovese (from Arizona, nonetheless -- hint: this is a RAAAAARE varietal for our state), we observed that they had Oak Creek Nut Brown Ale (from Sedona).  An absolutely PERFECT brown ale, far FAR better than Newcastle or anything Four Peaks could brew up (the secret is in the superior Sedona water).  My gf got that one, and of course out-selected me.  Instead, I had the Mirror Pond Ale from Bend, Oregon .. a superior brew that represents the promised land of micro-brew very appropriately.  Both were highly complimentary beers for our impending pizza dinner.For our pizza selection, we chose the Rosa (the must-try for Bianco n00bs) and the margherita with prosciutto added on top.  The Rosa, as usual was outstanding, but the margherita/prosciutto was absolutely fucking phenomenal.  I couldn't get over how delicious this creation was and as a self-aggrandizing foodie, it was truly the best pizza I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.  Please do yourself a favor, loyal reader, and give consideration to this option upon next visit.Overall, I could not dream of giving Bianco anything less than a solid 5 star rating.  Look, I gag and eye-roll about overhyped goods like any other would.  A band?  If they've been out longer than 5 minutes, released anything longer than an EP, or have had a showcase at SXSW, hell, they're way to overexposed for my taste.  A football team?  I hate USC for no reason.  And so on.Bianco doesn't deserve similar criticism.  Go for the oddity and hype, but stay because you have the sense to appreciate a remarkable overall experience.
5	By far the best pizza in the area...Far possibly because the everyone is so nice...or the food is drippin with fine oils and succulant taste. The wine selection was good and I appreciated that they supported local brewery's as well as Oregon Fine Mirror Pond.
5	The best pizza of my life! My friend and I went a road trip to Phoenix from LA and Pizzeria Bianco was one of the things on our to do list. Let me tell you, it did not disappoint.The wait was long, but I think that made the experience all that much better. We ordered four of the six pizzas on their menu:MARGHERITA (Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil): Amazing. The freshness of the tomato sauce was out of this world as well as the succulent olive oil in each bite.WISEGUY (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage): The homemade sausage was brilliant. Also, the onions were caramelized to perfection.BIANCOVERDE (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula): One of the more unique pizzas that I've had as it is topped with fresh arugula after it comes out of the oven. Although it was very good, this was my least favorite out of the four pizzas we ordered (this was my friends favorite though).MARINARA (Tomato Sauce, Oregano, Garlic [No Cheese]): Again, the tomato sauce at this place is so delicate. Words cannot describe how good it is. Also, the fresh oregano in every bite was terrific.On top of the great food, it was really cool to watch Chris Bianco (the chef) cooking as the kitchen is on the floor. The service and the decor of the restaurant was very good too.I plan on making a road trip to Phoenix again for some of this great pizza.
5	First things first, if you are someone who can't relax or stand the thought of hanging out while you wait your turn, skip Bianco. The rest of us don't want to hear you whine. The fact that there are long waits is not a secret. I arrived an hour early and watched the line get to 100+ by 4:20 (they open at 5). Plan ahead - don't go when you're starving.Only my trip to Di Fara in Brooklyn compares to Bianco experience-wise. That is to say that you go to a place with a humongous reputation and wait and wait and wait - but you don't mind the waiting. Instead, you take advantage of the fact that surrounding you are people who are there for pizza. They love pizza, too! You strike up conversations with people who are there for the first time or who go there every week. You hear about pizzerias from around the country (and sometimes globe). In the case of Bianco, you probably get to do some of this waiting in the sun or with a delicious beer from the bar in your hand. Visiting these spots is a celebration in pizza that's going to feel like a worthy experience for any pizza head.Of course, none of it matters if the pizza doesn't make your taste buds sing. I am happy to report that mine are still singing Bianco's praises a couple weeks later. The crust is fluffy, chewy, light and flavorful. The toppings are of the finest available quality and often prepared in-house. The combinations are original and classic all at once.If you love pizza, I encourage you to visit. Plan ahead. Treat it like a religious pizza experience and you won't mind waiting. I'm already planning my next flight back.
5	Believe the hype.Be prepared to wait.  The first two hours will go by fast if you indulge in Bar Bianco next door.  Bring something to entertain yourself for the last two hours while nursing your aching, empty belly while you hallucinate and think the hostess is calling your name every time she steps out.Make friends with everyone around you if necessary, if you must gripe about the wait time.  (Seriously, what's with all the whiners?  Didn't you come here KNOWING about the wait time?!  What were you expecting?)Ricotta lovers, get the Biancoverde, which is topped with loads of arugula, fresh mozz, and a gratuitous serving of ricotta.  Definitely get the margherita -- a classic never tasted this good.Please, however, do NOT miss out on the Wisesguy, if only to EMBED on your tastebuds the memory of the awesome fennel sausage and mozz and wood-roasted onions.  GAH.
3	FOOD: The pizza itself was quite tasty. It kind of melts in your mouth. This probably isn't a common thing, but my friend found a bug in her pizza that was probably thrown on with the vegetable toppings. By this time, we've all grown a little frustrated with this place. If you get a bug-free pizza, it's great. PRICE: A little expensive for pizza standards, but nothing that will have you digging deep into your wallet. Beware, the drinks do NOT come with free refills, including soft drinks. I spent around $15. SERVICE: The absurd wait for a table is what's keeping me from going to Pizzeria Bianco more often. Be prepared to wait a couple hours for a table, unless you make a reservation weeks in advance. The hours of operations of this place are laughable, only a couple hours each night, and are closed for at least one day out of the week. I wasn't too impressed with the service. The waiter failed to mention that soft drinks do not come with free refills. SKINNY: Great food, but there were too many drawbacks to this place to keep me coming back again and again. The long wait, bug in a pizza, lack of free refills, and higher than average prices are too much to be ecstatic about Pizzeria Bianco. Worth to try once, though.
4	This place is BOMB!  I am not giving it that 5th star though because I  do think it's a little over-hyped..... I mean, it was fantastically delicious pizza in one of the cutest little restaurants I've ever seen, but I don't think I would wait 4 hours to get a table (I was lucky; we had a party of 8 and a friend who had the foresight to make us a reservation 3 weeks in advance so we didn't have to wait even 1 minute!)... so it was awesome....  we ordered 1 of every pizza, which was a great way to sample their menu!  My favorites were the margarita and the biancoverde - the arugula on that one is so YUMMY.  The one thing I thought was kinda weird was the waitress had to check with the chef before accepting our request to add another 2 pizzas to our order (after we were halfway thru our first round of pizza - what can I say? we are pigs).  I guess I can understand since so many people are waiting, but it's like, WTF??  You really wanna turn away our business?  Hmmm.... All in all a great spot though.  I am in Phoenix for business for 6 weeks and have been pleasantly surprised with the restaurant choices...
5	This review doesn't need to be long.Everything already has been said about Pizzeria Bianco.Their margarita and marinara za is killer.  Better than places like Luzzos or Patsys in NY?  Pretty close, and damn good.  I wouldn't compare it to NY za anyway, closer to za in Rome or Naples.  More sauce, less cheese, the way za is meant to be.Great crust, fresh ingredients, great sauce, quality olive oil.Who cares about the wait.  You knew about it before you got there.  Grab some wine and put a zipper on da mouth.I give it my highest sausage and garlic rating, from the NY Pizza Guy.
5	i love pizza. pizza and steak are definitely my favorite foods in the world ( i know, advanced palette lol). pizzeria bianco is the best pizza ive ever had. i first learned about this place on oprah, when she was doing her best foods in america show. so on a recent trip to phoenix, a friend and I decided to try it out. we showed up on a saturday night, so as u can imagine it was packed. the wait was two hours! but let me tell u, it was well worth it. there are six pizzas on the menu, and we ordered four of them. the ingredients are extremely fresh. now if u r looking for pizza with extra cheese and oil out of the wazoo, this is not the place for you. this is what i would call gourmet pizza. pizza that is determined  by the delicateness of the crust and the quality of the ingredients. but if thats what u r looking for,  go to pizzeria bianco. u will not regret it.
5	"The wait is about 3 to 3.5 hours, but can be about 2 to 2.5 for first available" - hostess"Oh Yeah? We'll put our name down and debate" - usWell, we got intrigued by the 3 hour wait for pizza and was curious what the hype was about. Not to mention, our family foodie, db's SIL (Christine T recommended this restaurant. When she has a suggestion, we always listen).   I didn't make reservations since I figure "it's a pizza place, why need ressies?"  OOPS! My bad!  (disclaimer: we had a ressie to Mastro's City Hall that we canceled to eat here instead)We got to Pizzeria Bianco about 5:15P on a Thursday. After putting our names down we had wine, beer and crostini from bar bianco.I was really amazed there weren't any hot heads complaining about the wait.  Everyone was pretty chill and mellow. I loved the atmosphere !The 2.5 hour wait went by pretty fast. Anyways, definitely worth a stop if you have the time in Phoenix.  We had the tomato with mozzerlla, basil and olive oil. YUM!!!  We had another dish with prosciutto wrapped around cheese on skewers or somehing.   It was good, though it was too cheesey for me.  We ordered the margherita pizza, but we added garlic and salami (db wanted to add the salami).  I just removed the salami, but the pizza was sooooooooooo delish!!!  Totally worth the wait, but that's me. Service was spot on! The staff was so friendly and my water always full. I never thought I'd wait 2.5 hours to eat pizza, EVAR.  BUT, I'd do it to eat at  this place again. :)
2	Bianco's is the best marketing ploy in the city, well except the Powerball. It is no wonder it consistently makes number one on the Zagat's (clearing throat, then spit) list. It should be taught as an example in Economics 101. How could seating for 30 at a time translate into a nationally famous restaurant?Before I get to the nitty, let me make my disclaimer so all you potential flamers can chill and just move on your merry way.I don't wait. I want a reservation. I prefer an invitation by my host with RSVP. Bianco's is yet another example of our consumer need to suffer (see review of Los Dos) "Seinfeld-style" -- if you haven't seen the Chinese restaurant episode, you've got to; you can easily satisfy your need for suffering and you don't even have to leave your couch or wander far from your clicker.I love Bianco's pizza. It truly reminds me of eating in Naples and what pizza is like from that region. I mean before their landfills filled up -- DON'T go to Naples now. There is no other place in Phoenix to taste this kind of pizza. I just wish someone could execute it better -- his wife?Oh wait. I forgot; it already is the hottest restaurant in town. Why would they change a fantastically successful equation? Consumers consume. You want to find out why you have to wait 3 hours. You want to do it yourself. So does every tourist coming here to be surprised that Phoenix actually has paved roads and that we drive cars on them. They've booked their jeep tours from their suburban cookie-cutter somewhere far away, but don't realize that it's an hour drive to the desert. Yeah, you know that was you.Do I have to remind you that you have to arrive at Bianco's an hour before the restaurant even opens to wait in line to put your name on the list to then wait next door for 3 hours to get a table? You will still have to wait because large parties get to eat ahead of you. I have to wonder. Would this place be so famous if they had seating for 100-120 like most other successful dining rooms around town? Would folks still flock there to spend their ENTIRE evening waiting for a table?I'll wait and see. I've already fulfilled my duty as consumer and subjected myself to the suffering that is Bianco's. I've done it. What's next? Who's going to provide my next packaged-up roller-coaster ride? Come on. Tell me! Are we there yet? Yet?
5	While being drunk and in a hurry limit my ability to rank this against NY's finest, i can confidently say that Pizzeria Bianco rivals any pizza I've ever had.  And no offense to the Italian population of Phoenix but this blows my mind more than how Luis Gonzalez's piss-ass bloop hit won the 2001 Diamondbacks-Yankees World Series.They offer 6 different pizzas on the menu - three of which don't have any tomato sauce.  I ordered the Margherita (tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, basil).  Here's the verdict...Cheese - The fresh mozzarella was FANTASTIC.  Sharpest mozzarella I've ever had on a pizza.  I'm assuming it's bufala (buffalo) mozzarella but can't say for sure.  You get one blob of cheese per slice and, while I would've gladly taken more, this was best for the overall balance of the slice.Crust - Fantastic as well.  It hit all three C's - crispy, chewy, and charry (made up word but should be self-explanatory).  I'd have sworn it came from a coal oven (consdiered the best b/c it gets super hot - in NY, they aren't legal but there's a grandfather clause for some of the older places).Sauce - Good but clearly plays a backseat to the cheese and crust.  Kinda like Spinderella to Salt & Pepa or talent to Hall & Oates.I also tried one of my friends' Wiseguy (House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage, Wood Roasted Onion).  I didn't like it as much - missed having tomato sauce - but liked the smoky mozzarella and really liked the sausage.The restaurant is clean, quaint, and pleasant.  Despite it taking 3 hours (!) to get a table, it really wasn't much of an ordeal as there were places nearby to get drinks and the hostess was very helpful (e.g., providing an estimate time when we'd sit, telling us when to check back in).  And sometimes you can't rush it when someone's putting that much TLC into their pizza.... Highly recommended to anyone visiting Phoenix (with some time on their hands) or to anyone who lives in the area.
5	You know it has to be pretty special for me to give a place 5 stars. Pizzeria Bianco is pretty gawd damn special.. this man is neurotic, I mean passionate about his toppings and ingredients. I have always had deliciousness and consistency from him and his place. Well worth the chill time before hand.. it is everything and some. It don't get much better then this for this style of artisan pizza.
5	It's all been said before, so I'll keep this short.----------This is the best pizza I have ever had. ---------I've been to Italy and the pizzas over there aren't even close.If it wasn't for the really long wait I would be here all the time.
4	Best pizza in the country my ass! There is no way some pizza place in Phoenix can compete with Chicago & New York or could it?  That was the question I was out to answer on Tuesday night at 9:15 PM as I put my name down at Pizzeria Bianco.  After a 15 minute wait I was seated and ready to try "The Best Pizza in the Country."Being the consummate fat ass, I ordered the Spiedini, a Caprese, the Sonny Boy, and bottle of Deschutes Mirror Pond Pale Ale all for lil ole me! The Spiedini was a string cheese like piece of Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto and served warm atop a bed of baby arugula.  You can't beat cheese wrapped in prosciutto can you?  I can't.  The Handmade Mozzarella, Local Tomato and Basil with EVOO salad was brilliant. The mozzarella was soft and had a beautiful saltiness to it.  I could have eaten 2 pounds of the cheese alone.  Making the dish really sing was the super ripe and delicious tomatoes.  If I had to manufacture a gripe about this dish it would be that they may have been a little heavy handed with the EVOO.  Here comes my pizza! The Sonny Boy is topped with tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, salami, and gaeta olives.  Man was this a good pie.  The crust is crusty, flaky, a bit blackened, and thin while still being a tad chewy.  The tomato sauce was so plain and simple that it made me question why anybody would go and ruin perfectly good tomato sauce by over seasoning it.  The salami and olives paired perfectly and worked in concert to deliver a world class pie.The interior is almost too perfect.  I kept looking around to see if I was on a Hollywood soundstage that was built to resemble a quaint pizzeria in Naples.  Bianco is almost too perfect!  He's pounding out pizzas behind his counter with sweat and flour both clinging to his brow.  He too looks like Hollywood's image of the perfect pie guy. When something seems too good to be true it typically is, but Bianco lives up to the hype. Is it the best pizza in the country?  No. Is it an amazing pizza that's worth waiting for? Yes.1 Spiedini1 Tomato Mozzarella Salad1 Pizza1 Beer--------------------------------------$40
5	I dont care about the wait. It's part of the experience. I have nothing more to say that hasnt already been said.BOTTOM LINE: Show up late, cut the wait!
5	I just went there last night (Friday) and yes, I had to wait 3 1/2 hours.  Was it worth the wait?  Yes, it was!  All the ingredients were FRESH and really mouth-watering.  We arrived about 7:00 PM and finally got seated at approximately 10:55PM.  Just be prepared to wait!
5	Ok, so let me give you a little background here... I love pizza.I mean I really love pizza. It's good.  And I have eaten pizza in Phoenix, Chicago, New York City, and Europe....I even tried a mexican pizza at taco bell once, thus putting to test the old adage that there is no bad pizza; only good pizza and great pizza.Now I am very much aware that Pizzeria Bianco has literally been reviewed a thousand times, but I figure I might as well get my two cents in.  I first dined at Bianco's in 98 and have been coming back ever since.  It's my favorite restaurant.  This was also the first time I realized that pizza can truly be more than just pizza and that more often than not the simplest of pizzas are the best..  I remember the first bite I ever took of the Margherita pizza.  It was phenomenal. How do three ingredients on some crust taste this good?  One bite and it was like a Party in my mouth.  Seriously.  I'm not joking. It's that good.  I can't adequately describe through words how good it is.  And that's all I am going to mention about the food, enough has been said already.Many people have heard the nightmare stories of 3 hour waits to be seated for dinner.  Well, it's true.  Be prepared to wait.  However this used to be a bigger issue years ago.  Now you have options.  Make an evening of it.  It's worth it.  Get your name down on the waiting list. Go for a stroll around Heritage square.  It's beautiful.  Really.  Especially at night.  Bar Bianco and the more recently opened Rose and Crown Bar are also great ways to pass the time while you wait.  Hang out.  Throw back a few drinks.  Have a smoke. Be social.  It won't kill you.So my advice to you is stop being a baby about it, and try not only the best pizza joint in this god forsaken city, but one of the best restaurants in Phoenix overall.
5	I'd really like to hold back a few stars because of the absolutely ridiculous, idiotic, and insane (four hour) wait, but I can't. I waited for three hours at Sally's in New Haven one time so I guess this is only a little longer. Bianco is as good as any "Neapolitan style" pizza I've had in the US, but that's not to say that it's better than all the others. Bianco doesn't have that perfectly even char on the crust that a lot of places seem to be able to produce, but they've got more than enough char (maybe even a little too much). I think their pizza compares most closely to A16 than the other places I've tried (Settebello, Spaccanapoli, Tutta Bella, Una, Antica etc). The crust has great - really great - flavor, has a very good rise at the edge and is perfectly soft and chewy. The cheese is also perfect: it tastes great and melts without burning or breaking down. The basil and tomatoes tasted fresh and great. So really, no complaints other than the wait. It will be nice when the Neapolitan trend puts some more places like Bianco in Phoenix so this isn't the only option. It may be really difficult to make pizza this great faster than Bianco does, but other places seem to be able to pull it off so hopefully that will happen in Phoenix at some point too.
1	Sorry everyone.  This was one of the WORST EXPERIENCES in dining I have ever had.This is by far one of the most over rated places in the country. Food:  Pizza and Salad: Good.Server:  Good.  Felt Sorry for the guy.  I didn't tip and told him that he should blame the hostess stand.Wait:  2 hours.  Which is fine if the hostess stand would have been more accomodating for those waiting. Total Vibe from Hostess Stand:  POOR BEYOND DESCRIPTION.I don't mind sitting around for 2 hours to be seated.  If the dining experience was out of this world.  Felt the Hostess stand was highly inefficient with seating that's why it takes so long.  I felt they were rude an unaccomodating.Recommend:  Never.  The Pizza is not that good to sit around for. Go Back:  NEVER.  NEVER   NEVER.
4	great pizzagreat waitersgreat ownerbut alas no reservations and three hour wait - not worth it for me
5	Please know that this place is WORTH the long wait.  I come to Phoenix once a month for work and I make sure I have dinner here.  There is NOT one thing I can complain about.  Remember, good things come to those who wait.  I HIGHLY recommend waiting in the house next door and having some wine.  The bartenders are very friendly.  The main restaurant will call the house when your table/bar seat is ready.  The pizza is baked in a stone brick oven.  Real firewood is used, not like California Pizza Kitchen's gas oven.  The owner himself makes the pizza.  Every employee is genuinely nice.  With each bite, you have a subtle taste of smoke (not overwhelming).  The crust is thin and crispy...AND MOST IMPORTANTLY...you can fold the slice - for all you NJ/NY natives!  My stomach is churning and mouth salivating as I write more.  I am going to Phoenix this Thursday...guess where I'll be?  PS-Guys, phenomenal eye candy.
5	A very very long wait like two hours,  this is the best pizza in the state of az but wating two hours to eat is not right.  The pizza is really good.
5	My friends in Phoenix took me here the last time I visited them for a long weekend.  I have to admit, I thought that the line for this place they explained to me was a bit ridiculous, but the pizza was great.  We got to the restaurant at 4:00 to start waiting in line for them to open at 5:00.  Fortunately, we were the very last ones seated in the first group.  Those after us in line had to wait for another two hours from what I noticed, so make sure you get there early!  There is a wine bar next door if you want to take turns waiting in line with your friends or to wait at once your name is on the list.  Three of us ordered two pizzas and each got the farmer's market salad.  I highly recommend the salad!  You can make reservations for parties larger than six or eight I believe.
5	This place gets 5 stars for the pizza and service once inside. Yes, it is a long wait, even if you get there half an hour before it opens (as a party of 2, we arrived at 4:30 one day and were seated at 6), but Bar Bianco next door is excellent, and the pizza always tastes better after a wait. I have eaten pizza in Italy, where, granted, it is very good, and I grew up in New Haven, CT, pizza center of the U.S., and I can say that Pizzeria Bianco is definitely one of the best in the U.S. The crust is the gem, thin enough for the thin pizza lover but also doughy somehow. I've had 3 of the pizzas, and recommend the plain margherita most. The servers and staff are all great as well.
4	If you have 5 hours to kill for dinner, Pizzeria Bianco may be your best bet. I've been going here for years, since Chris' place was in Town & Country mall, next to my other old favorite Coyote Springs Brewing Co. You could go in for lunch and not have to wait one bit. I don't even remember if he was open for dinner, but damn we used to go 2-3 time a week for lunch. So flash forward to when Jerry Colangelo coaxed him into moving downtown, as part of Jerry's dreams of a DisneyLand downtown. The waits got longer and longer, and as of about two years ago were still tolerable. The last time I went was just before the Oprah/Martha Stewart mess, and at 9:45 only waited 40 minutes for a table. People wait longer at Oregano's. This is no longer possible though as half the time they cut off the names at 8-9pm if they realize they are going to be there to 1am to accommodate everyone. I'd say average weekday wait is 2 hours, weekends 3+. I can ONLY, and I mean ONLY justify this because I live across the street.The food is amazing, and literally the perfect pizza. The crust is perfect, the ingredients all extremely high quality and homemade much of the time. Gotta love the Shriner's Sausage as well. I like Cibo's Antipasta better, but everything else about Bianco nudges them out. One thing you can count on too is no matter how busy Chris is, he will absolutely aknowledge and smile at you. It's that kind of thing, letting someone know you appreciate their business even though you don't need it, that really counts. Even with the awesome food, and fun ambiance, is it worth the wait? I'm not sure any pizza is worth waiting 3 hours for, and like I said, if I wasn't able to walk home, watch a movie, and then come back, I'm not sure I'd go back. You can go to Cibo and have no/little wait... sure it isn't as good, but I have to question if any pizza is that good. Try it once at least, and be your own judge. You owe it to yourself.
5	After having eaten Pizza at the most heralded Pizza joints in the US: A16 (San Francisco), Serious Pie (Seattle) - (see the recent Wine Spectator- June 2008). I'd have to say that Pizzeria Bianco is the winner. But, only barely. The Bianco Pizza was more consistent all the way through. The A16 pizza last time I had it was a little soggy in comparison the Biancos. We didn't do anything correctly for showing up at Biancos. We showed up at 8pm. And, waited for a table for 2.5 hours. It worked out well, because we just went next door and had a few glasses of wine before dinner. This worked out well and waiting isn't a problem (as long as you're with cool people).The wait was surely worth it. Bianco only serves 6 pizzas. Only 2 with red sauce. But, the ingridents used were probably the most selective in Arizona. Think Thomas Keller particularism in Arizona. And, that's very difficult to do in Arizona - b/c the ingredients here inherently suck.
5	Pizzeria Bianco is frequently referred to as the best pizza in the world for a reason. it is dope as hell. I would wait hours to eat here (Three, to be specific.) I love the Pizzeria itself, and I love the bar next door. I want to live in these buildings, I want to drink all their imported sodas, and I want to make a machine that just shovels the goat cheese crostini and olives into my mouth in a constant, perfectly timed stream. mmmmmmmmm.And then I want to go have pizza of the finest caliber with pistachios and cheeses and basil and tomatoes and rosemary and mmmmmmmmmmmmmAnd I want to have fresh greens straight from some farm covered in a vinaigrette that I not only want to soak my freshly baked bread in, but also want to marinate my long luscious locks in it so that i may secretly take in the aroma on the way home as well.shhhh. thats not even gross.
4	Just had my first experience at this place.  The hype behind Chris Bianco's pizza has been nothing short of astronomical so I knew I was gonna need to try this place at some point.  I didn't want to wait for three hours for a table so instead called in a reservation for 10 people a month in advance.As a sidenote, getting reservations with a large group has its positives and negatives versus just showing up and waiting.  For one, if you reserve your spot, you're virtually guaranteed to get seated within 15-30 minutes of your reservation time so thats nice.  However, it literally took me two weeks to get a reservation because I kept calling in too late.  Bottomline, reservations are tough to get but they make the waiting process for a table alot more palatable.Speaking of palates, now back to the pizza.  The 10 of us ordered just about every kind on the menu.  My favorite was the margherita (call me plain).  The crust was cooked just right and the pizza had plenty of flavor.  Size of the pies are perfect to where almost anyone can take down a whole pie themselves.  As everyone knows, this place is incredibly small with only 40 seats in the restaurant.  The ambience is pretty cool being in a fully restored historic building with a perfect view of Chris and his crew whipping up wood fired pizzas.  The drink choices were minimal, but good.  They have a couple of good beers and a good wine selection.  The waiters are very knowledgable and can recommend pairings along with extra toppings for your pizza.  By the time the night was over, everyone was pretty full and most everyone was satisfied with their meal and the service we got.So the overall verdict?  Is it worthy of all the hype?  From an ambience perspective, sure  From purely a pizza standpoint, not really.  Don't get me wrong, the pizzas are good, but I've had better.  The service (once we did get seated) was top notch.  I certainly wouldn't make a point of it to go here often as its just insanely difficult to get a table.  If you're gonna go, get a good size group fo 6-10 and make a reservation.  You'll have to wait a month to get in, but once you arrive at the restaurant, you'll be seated immediately.  If you just wanna go here for a date and are really hardcore, then put your name on the waiting list early in the afternoon and be prepared to wait three hours.  Bar Bianco and Rose & Crown Pub are right next door if you wanna kill time with some brews and/or wines.  All in all, glad I went and I can now say I've done it, but no pizza restaurant (not even Bianco's) is worthy of this much hype.
4	An excellent pizza and well worth its place on several "Best Pizza in America" lists.  It is however not worth the 3 hour wait.  You do not however have to stand in line for the 3 hours.  You can go to their bar next door or do what I did and play darts with a pint of Guinness at the Irish Pub in front of the store.
5	Chris Bianco has made this into a pizza experience.  You sort of forget it is pizza.  You will have to wait!  It's just the way it is.  The experience begins with Chris taking care of you by opening a wine bar right next to his pizza place so you can tie one or 5 on while you wait.  Everyone is treated like a rockstar in this place, but if you have a rockstar friend go with... you will still have to wait, but it makes it more fun while the locals eye you.  Famous People Eat here!  that should be Bianco's Slogan.   That and Oh yeah it is the best pizza.
5	Freakin AMAZING!!  Not much else to say.
5	Not that PB needs another review, or that mine will do justice, but PB is wonderfully amazing. Everything I've had here is TO DIE FOR and is definitely worth the wait. Nothing like going next door to Bar Bianco and polishing off a few bottles of wine before feasting on the best pizza I'll have this lifetime! Seriously people, wait. It's SO worth it.
4	I'm a sucker for atmosphere.  Pizzeria Bianco definitely has it.  Close quarters, good lighting, historic building, outside seating and key shots of your pizza being made. My old college friend and I arrived at 6:15 on a Tuesday evening and were told that we would have an hour wait (even though the restaurant looked half empty) and were told that we could go next door.  It's almost too convenient that they own that bar.  Again, nice atmosphere at the bar, it feels like you are in someone's house.  And I liked that they were able to tell us there that our table was ready and that we could bring our drinks over to the restaurant.We were seated within exactly an hour.  We ordered the Rosa and a Magherita with garlic.  Very good but not life changing.  Our waiter seemed to think that his job was finished once he brought the pizza.  Had to ask a few times for water, the water was never refilled and in fact my glass was taken away without asking me if I needed anything.All in all, I would come back but would not wait more than I did.
5	Incredible. We actually were 100% fine with waiting for an hour for a chance to experience this place. It opens at 5pm and you better get there at 3:30p or 4p to ensure you get in during the first round of seating.I have been to Italy. 5 different cities. This pizza and atmosphere were as close as I have gotten while in the states. They have a decent wine selection and an authentic cappuccino.Not only would I recommend this place to EVERYONE I know, I will be going back OFTEN.Worth the drive. Worth the wait. Worth the price. Worth the food.DO IT.
5	Great experience, long wait but worth it. Killer wine bar next door. Staff is nice, food is awesome...
5	OK, I have been here 3 times since I've moved to the Valley and I feel as though I am finally ready to review it. I've been once on a date, once with a friend who was visiting, and most recently with two friends who were born and raised here but never had the opportunity to go. Oh, and they brought their little baby girl. The third time, the charm as I will begin to refer to it, we waited about an hour and thirty minutes.The place is a gem. There atmosphere inside the restaurant is intimate and homey. You can see Chris Bianco making the pizzas himself behind the counter and can smell the fire from the wood burning oven. We were greeted by the one and only waiter who is originally from Chicago. He's worked with Bianco for like 13 years, he said. We ordered a bottle of wine and three pizzas for us to share. My two fav pizzas from Biancos are the Rosa and the Margharita. The Marg only has sauce and garlic so I added mushrooms. The Rosa has no sauce, cheese, pistachios, and crack. Seriously, the Rosa...I could eat it everyday. The crust is very thin and not heavy. If you're crazy about crust, you won't think this pizza is as amazing as I do. The sauce, I think, is what makes the pizzas so great. Not only that, but the fresh ingredients that are used make the pizza taste just that much better.Yes, there is a long wait but it's an experience. After 3 bottles of wine shared between three of us (my Mommy friend was being good), we had such a great time chatting it up with our server and enjoying each others company. Why not wait an hour or so for good pizza when it's not anymore expensive that a fully loaded, greasy large pizza from Dominos?The wine selection is good. The pizza is great. The service is stellar. If you don't want to wait in the wine bar for drinks, they'll call you over from the Rose and Crown bar across the way. It'll save you a couple bucks, too.
4	After weeks of hearing non-stop compliments for Pizzeria Bianco, I finally got a chance to visit. We arrived at 7, but didn't get seated until almost 9. And that's what Bar Bianco next door is for. Italian wine, home-made Italian bread and a smallcheese platter (all with very reasonable prices) made 2 hour waiting seem only like 45 minutes.The pizzas are definitely worth waiting for. All are made by the owner, chef Chris Bianco himself. We ordered 4 different types, from Wiseguy (wood roasted onion, house smoked mozzarella, a bit spicy fennel sausage), BiancoVerde (everyday freshly made mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta and Arugula) to salty Sonny Boy (tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, salami and Gaeta Olives). Let me just say, for someone who could care less about pizza, I would definitely come back again in 2 weeks for these pizzas, accompany with their delicious Italian wine collection.- Reservations are only accepted 1 month in advance, and only for group of 6-10 people- According to my friend, if you have left over, don't microwave it! Warm it up on the stove instead.- Because of its small size, this place is not the best choice for large group
2	THE LOWDOWN: Good pizza, but not worth the wait nor the aggravation.I've been here the once, after hearing my girlfriend and her roommate rant and rave about it. Our group was composed of my girlfriend and myself, and two friends.First things first. Being where it is, parking is, excuse the language, a bitch. After arriving and finding that the very limited parking spaces had all been taken, I was forced to park in front of (presumably) another patron's car. Throughout the two hour wait and one hour meal, I was praying that I wouldn't get called out to move the car and find another parking space (ha, yeah right) or, worse, get towed.After that was the wait. Oh God, the wait. Even though Bar Bianco right next door provides for a comfortable waiting spot with a great selection of wine and cheese to tide you over, two hours is two hours. Two hours is four separate deliveries from any pizza chain that knows what they're doing. Two hours is about half the drive to Las Vegas. Two hours is... well, two hours.After the two hours of wondering just how good this pizza would be, we were finally seated and given menus at a simple wooden table inside the similarly simple and comfortably home kitchen-like restaurant proper. I was hungry and expecting nothing less than food that would give me an orgasm.I didn't get it.Don't get me wrong. The antipasti was good. The pizza was good - I especially liked Sonny Boy. But it was just that. Good. Not mind-blowing. Not life-changing. No sudden epiphany. No orgasm. The cappuccino was pretty good, though.This is a place that lives - and thrives - on its reputation and exclusivity, which stems from the difficulty of actually getting seated and served. Pizzeria Bianco is one of those places which has transcended from "a restaurant" into "an experience", and deservedly so. The reputation is justified. The food is good. However, despite being pleasant and a must-do at some point during your stay in Phoenix, the whole experience isn't worth going through a second time; while the food and the ambiance justify the (very reasonable!) price you pay, the difficulty of finding parking and the wait are ALSO part of the experience, and is something that cannot be rectified. So unless you happen to enjoy waiting, my advice to you is to go there the once and experience it for yourself. And then, regale your friends with tales of how amazingly awesome the whole experience is, con them into going, and tell them to bring home some leftovers.
3	Yelp has lead me to this place...so I want to add my input for all of the Phoenix visitors going, "where do you want to eat?" and finding this restaurant in your mobile devices or at your hotel/friend's house. Pizza is good...top 5 of my pizza places...actually I cannot name more than 4 places that I LOVED for pizza, but this is not good enough to commit to my top 3. My standards are not too high, as you can read from my other reviews. Ok...so this area is pretty nice...I happen to be there during August when the temperatures are 100+ and there are no people walking around. I think not many people do walk around. We get there, and place our name and wait the 4.5 hours...we end up going shopping, looking around stores, the area, and staying at the pub next door to play pool, but still...we were waiting 4.5 hours. It was HOT waiting. We finally got to our table and looked over the very simple menu. There were around 6 pizza choices, two antipasto dishes, few salads, and that as pretty much it. There were 6 of us, but we ordered 4 pizzas which happened to have 6 slices each, so we got that and were ok with the portions that we ate. We asked about ordering stuff to go because my friends wanted to share this "highly rated" pizza with their families in Glendale, but the waiter said that we were only allowed to place in 1 order. This is kind of sucky because if you were to order something and decided later that you wanted more food, they probably would say that you cant...so that knocks off a few points on my "should i go back meter" The pizzas were good. wood fired stuff, thin crust, good cheese, good sauce, salty sausage, decent prosciutto. Not worth the wait. at all. I mean...yeah it's good, but not too good...but it's good. I won't be going there if i happen to be in phoenix...unless there's a lot of time and I get there as soon as it opens waiting in front on a cool arizona night.
5	I believe this place lives up to all the hype it has received.  It's a well know fact that it's beyond busy, so whining about it isn't permissible.  You can chill in the little house next to it or in the front and booze it up a bit before you dine.  The place is the real deal though.  It's all done by Bianco, the ingredients are fresh and some local.  The attention to detail and quality is superb.  The flave, well it is monumental.  All the listed pizzas are legit Italian style or artfully put together.  I wasn't surprised one bit that it was the Bomby McBomb.
5	The vendors were visiting from Arkansas and had never heard of Bianco's. Both were completely blown away by several things.. one was the wait from hell.. 3 hours to be exact.. 3 hours to the minute.. when they tell you how long they aren't stretching the truth by any means.. the next thing was the charm and personality both the pizzeria and the bar next door have.. this is SO Phoenix I told them. Lastly they were both toe curled over the pizza (I was too).. it was like the 3 of us shared some sort of foodie orgasm at the same time, I thought I was going to need to have a cigarette afterward!At the end of the day Bianco's is just pizza.. but its pizza worth waiting for.
4	All the raves about Pizzeria Bianco are true. To an extent.The Pizza is fabulous (although not the best I've ever had).  The service is beyond impeccable and the entire atmosphere is befitting its exclusivity. And the price, while not cheap, is pretty reasonable for such an intimate setting with an experience that people obviously crave.As you'd guess, we waited an hour in line just to put our name in, and then two hours after that to get a table (in fairness, we had a party of 8, so that probably contributed to a bit of the wait).  To me, it wasn't quite worth all of the fuss. I'm sure they'd argue that they don't expand for quality control reasons and to keep the experience what it is, but to me it just means I have to wait for something where the ends don't quite justify the means.I mean, hey, still four stars.  The bar next door was fun as well, so the wait wasn't exactly painful, but unless they drop the wait time, once was probably enough for me at Pizzeria Bianco.
2	I was disappointed.  The place is fun, cramped but cozy, and the open oven is awesome.  That being said, the pizza choices and ingredients were too yuppified for my taste.  No pepperoni!  Come on!  I was raised on the east coast where a pizza was a pizza, made often times by recent Italian immigrants who's English mainly consisted of "What do you want?" and "20 minutes."  My pizza had fresh ingredients and the oven flavor was strong, but I found myself yearning for a New York style pizza.
2	this is NOT the best pizza in phoenix and NOT the best pizza in the USA.  come on now i saw this place on oprah because gail king was combing the country to get the best pizza and names this place.  i prefer oregano's or nypd to this.  maybe this is appetizer style pizza?  oh and the wait?  are you serious?  we had the margherita pizza and the sausage and mushroom pizza- both which have some fru-fru names.  something about this place doesn't jive.  it's fake pizza!
5	Pizzeria Bianco's deliciousness can not really be explained.  Mouthwatering, delectable, amazing.  If you have not had a Pizzeria Bianco experience it should be on your list of things to do.  The atmosphere only adds to the charm!I would recommend having a strategy to make the wait time easier.  I went with a large group of friends and was lucky to have a couple of friends volunteer to do most of the waiting for all of us.  When they reached the one hour mark the rest of us headed to the restaurant, had a drink and were in.
4	I have a high threshold: I don't mind waiting around for something if it's good. But, you know, Pizzeria Bianco, you really pushed my limits. I'll skip the annoying part: the waiting around for 3 hours; the lines; the "waiting list"; the hostesses.And I'll get to the pizza. It was really good. We ordered the Wiseguy and the Margherita. The Wiseguy had roasted onions, smoked mozzarella, and very delicious fennel sausage. It was my favorite of the night. The Margherita was very good as well, but was pretty standard fare.Besides the superb toppings, what really makes their pizza great is the pizza crust: it is the most perfect pizza crust that I've ever had. Amazing. Would I wait three hours again for their pizza? Probably not, but I certainly understand all the hype.
5	Bon Appetit Magazine's 2008 Winner of best pizza in the country, and well deserved. The pizza is amazing. I have to say, the hype is true.Me and a friend decided to go on a Saturday. The place opens at 5pm, and we got there at about 4:30pm. There were already about 25-30 people in front of us. Not too bad. We put our names down, and went next door to Bar Bianco. Bought a bottle of wine, and sat there drinking and talking. For some reason, time seems to fly by when you're drinking wine :) They came around and took our names down, said they'd let us know when our table was ready. That was nice, saved us the hassle of having to go check every 20-30 minutes.So after a little over 2 hours our names were called and we headed over to the pizzeria. We were seated in the back, near the back door and right next to the oven. We could see Mr. Bianco making the pizza. Only took about 5 minutes for someone to come over to our table and take our order, and another 10-15 minutes for our pizza's to arrive. Wasting no time with appetizers, we headed straight for the main course.Here is what we ordered, along with the review.SONNY BOY (Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives)Very unique taste. You can actually taste the olives, and they have a strong flavor. Not too strong as to overwhelm, but enough to appreciate and enjoy it. Salami was very good too. This is their version of pepperoni pizza.BIANCOVERDE (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula)Wow, the cheese is just... wow. I could have eaten a bowl of just the cheese. The arugula also added a slight organic aftertaste. Legend has it they make the cheese fresh there everyday, and they have a garden where they pick their arugula.WISEGUY (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage)The best of the three. Good grief, the onions are on another level! And the sausage is so juicy and flavorful. I will definitely order this one again when we go back to try the other 3 we still need to taste.The crust on all three pizzas was thin enough to draw attention to the ingredients, but not too thin that it became soggy. When I picked up a slice, nothing fell off. But this isn't the kind of pizza where you eat the good stuff and leave the crust. The whole thing is the good stuff!You could smell the wood that was used to smoke these pizzas when they get to the table.Chris Bianco is a master of pizza. Scratch that, he's THE master of pizza. And he's fast too. If you search youtube for 'pizzeria bianco', there's a 1:11 clip of Chris making the pizza. There's also another good one of him on Jimmy Kimmel Live.Here's the total cost for the evening:Bottle of wine - $40.3 Pizza's + Iced Tea - $51.If you skip the wine, it's actually not that expensive, especially when you go with more people and split the bill. And on your way out, you're bound to get a "Thanks for coming guys" from the master chef himself. Will definitely be going back again, no question about it.
5	La Quercia Prosciutto.. last night was me and Beth's "Anniversary" (yep, this gurl used to be married) so we all decided to go to Pizzeria Bianco.. besides being some of the best pizza Ive ever had, he also has a side of the La Quercia Prosciutto.. we tried that at Luques in LA but it failed to impress. I went ahead and ordered a side of it and let me tell you what, it was the best prosciutto Ive ever had.. it literally just melted in your mouth! I couldn't believe it, just simply off the fucking chart tasty! I'm on the website now trying to decide what to order!!  69 bucks for three different styles at 3lbs each, shipping included..  http://www.laquercia.us/Chris Bianco has such great taste.. I still have a chef crush on him!
5	I was prepared.Prepared for the wait, and prepared to be unimpressed, but feeling obligated to write a good review because of six degrees of separation.It's been two years since I've lived in Phoenix and while I was there I never got the chance to eat at this uber-famous world renowned pizzeria that has been featured on Oprah, Martha Stewart, and in Bon Appetit as the best pizza in America.  Not that I didn't want to, I just never got the opportunity to go.  Well, During a mini-vacation to the city of the sun this weekend, I had one thing in mind, and that was to wait the 4 hrs and eat some pizza lovingly made by none other than Chris Bianco himself.Let me just say this....The Hype?  Believe it!!!  And, it totally is worth the wait.  I have heard stories of loooooooooong lines waiting to get into Pizzeria Bianco.  Stories of lines 4 hours long are not uncommon, and it sounds really dreadful to wait in a line that long.  What does a great businessman do?  He opens a wine bar right next door, cleans up the lot, takes names, establishes a system to let people roam free while they wait, and plies them with wine.  Happy people, problem solved.  Disneyland could learn a lesson or two from the man.Once you get seated, the waiting is pretty much officially over, you sit, you order, you get food.  And I can not properly describe the glory of this food.  It is the best pizza I have had, ever.  Let me tell you this...I had a slice of pizza in my claw when I came out of the womb.  I've been eating pizza for 41 years!There were 4 of us, and we ordered the prosciutto wrapped fontina (sublime) and the anti pasta salad, warm, salty, fresh, crazy unique, and  perfect for 4 to share.We each ordered 1 pizza:1 Margarita1 Wiseguy1 Biancoverde1 Sonny boyThe pizza cant be described in words.  Chris Bianco brings pizza to a new level.  The combination of flavors is so exquisite,  that no other pizza in the country can compare.  The crust was crunchy and chewy, and I even saw some coming out of the hearth on fire!  You have to experience it yourself, and then once you do, you will know.  Read the menu on the link above to get the idea.We ended up taking a slice of each home, but that was only because we were obliged to, otherwise there would have been none left.   I had a cappuccino for dessert, and it ended the already perfect experience on a celestial note.I encourage one and all to go to Pizzeria Bianco if you are ever in Phoenix, but make sure you call me before you go, I don't want to wait any longer than I have to.
5	Alright, know these things before going: - You're going to wait a long time. Plan on enjoying a beer or bottle of wine at Bar Bianco with a cheese plate and enjoy the Phoenix weather outside for the 1.5-4 hours that you'll be waiting. - This is not NY or Chicago pizza. It is REAL pizza. I've been to Italy multiple times and honestly, I haven't had a better pizza than Biancos. I love this place. I highly suggest the Wiseguy with fennel sausage and the Biancoverde with Prosciutto. Also, get the tomato's and mozzarella to start and order a bottle of the "Green and Red". You'll be set. Living in NYC, I will take any trip or stop over in Phoenix that I can just for this place. I cannot get enough!
5	With 120+ reviews, reviewing Pizzeria Bianco is like pissing in the ocean. It's not noticeable, it won't change anything, but at least it'll feel good. To me, at least. So here's my shot at it.Every city has one of these places--a restaurant for which people will wait hours. Standing, waiting, anticipating alleged manna from Heaven. Atlanta has a few of these. One is Nuevo Laredo Cantina. Another is Taqueria del Sol, whose line is culinary equivalent of trying to buy U2 concert tickets were they set to perform in an actual U2.  I hate going to these places. Oh, the food is fine, but I can't stand waiting in line for food. By the end of it, you don't know if the food was actually worth the wait or if your drool was simply some sort of Pavlovian response to being deprived of nutrition for hours on end.And so it was that I originally wasn't going to come here. Unfortunately (or, as it turns out, fortunately) my manhood was questioned by another Yelper and I made the trek from my hotel room in Chandler to Pizzeria Bianco. That was Tuesday night. The wait for a single person, I was told, was 2.5 hours. I thanked them and continued on my way.That would've been the end of it for most places, but the smell in there was incredible. Burning wood, cooking meats, herbs mixing with liquid fat--I pledged to come back and do better.A few days later, I tried again.  Following protocol, I showed up at 4pm. Pizzeria Bianco opens at 5. I grabbed a beer next door, took a seat, and watched the growing crowd around me. A lady asked, "Is there, um, an actual line?"A (from what I gathered) regular answered. "Nope. It's on the honor system." And most honorably, the lady and her husband took their place behind the rest of us. I sat at the bar and ordered a caprese salad, a beer and a wise guy. It took a little bit to get my food, but it was nothing compared to the first wait. I chatted with a peculiar man who, when he told me he collected rocks and minerals, it didn't surprise me in the least.My pizza arrived and I inhaled deeply. I snapped my obligatory picture and took a bite. Nice. Strangely enough, though the crust was crunchy in the right places and the fennel gave the sausage a great kick, it was the onions that did it. A smokiness had been imparted to the onions that came through in every bite. I should be embarrassed to say that I ate the whole thing, but I'm not. Suck it, Gluttony.It wasn't until 24 hours later, though, that the full impact was felt. At that point, I was going to give a solid four stars, but dinner that next night changed that. Here I was in Atlanta's famed Rathbun's (whose executive chef/owner had actually beaten Bobby Flay at Iron Chef) and was nibbling on a very nice, much appreciated meal. But my mind kept wandering back to those smoky onions from the night before. "I miss those onions. I wonder what they're doing right now? I wonder if they think about me from time to time? Oh, that sounds so desperate. But maybe if I logged into Facebook, I could read onions' status. No, that's ridiculous. I'm sure those onions have moved on by now.  Onions, if you ever get the chance, call me!"I was eating food, created by a legit Iron Chef, and I was distracted by a pizza consumed hours earlier. If that doesn't deserve five stars, I don't know what does.
5	Amazing, delicious, possibly the only thing of value in Phoenix (sorry phoenizites, i hated your city). Came here on a recommendation of a pizza nut (who for the record is born, raised and spent her entire life in New York, so she knows her pizza). Definitely the California style of pizza more so than the new york style, and since i was moving from california to new york at the time, I was still all about CA style food. Have had very similar pizza in Berkeley at Cheeseboard, as well as A16 in San Francisco, so this style pizza is certainly not new to me. I don't think it was the best of this kind i've ever eaten (A16 gets that) but still very very good. There was an hour wait when we showed up so we saddled over to the wine/beer bar next door (genius!) and had some really good local arizona beers. really good beers. i wish i remembered what they were called cause they were probably the best over my entire roadtrip.Got seated in super cosy trattoria. Had pizza with sausage, cheese and arugula, very good. Great bottle of wine too. If i ever end up in Phoenix again (god i hope not), i am coming straight here.
3	We got there at 4:30pm, 30mins before opening, and we still waited almost 3hrs. They told us we would have to - at no point did anyone promise otherwise which was admirable, albeit disheartening. Unfortunately it was raining and I was not in the mood to drink for 2+hrs before dinner (those who were had a great time next door, some had cards to play etc, though I wonder if they tasted the pizza...). Had we known, we would have brought reading material or a DVD player and sat in the car, but no such luck. Fortunately it didn't rain the whole time - we wouldn't have lasted if it had. Now for the food. Obviously wonderful/delicious. Easily the best pizza crust I've ever had - perfect combination of crispy and chewy, perfect wood fired taste and nice and light. The toppings were great too (though the sardines were a touch overwhelming - I wouldn't do those again). The antipasto was fantastic also. But I have to say, if this is a 10 (pretty close), there really are a few 8s and 9s that don't require 3hrs of waiting. In my mind the "marginal utility" of the uptick in quality, just isn't worth it. I mean if the choice was Pizza Bianco or Domino's, then of course yes. But there's Lombardis in NY, Delfina and A16 in SF - all of which are 8.5s or 9s in my opinion. We had lunch at Scottsdale's Olive & Ivy and their flat bread was a solid 7. So basically in my mind, not worth it. But there are obviously minions who disagree. I just wonder if there's some attraction to THE WAIT for some. I think there must be - not for me though. But I will say that if the wait were an hour - I'd feel very differently. It is incredibly delicious. But 3hrs is too much.
2	I had been really looking forward to eating at Pizzeria Bianco as my last restaurant in Phoenix.  In my 8 years here as a Phoenician, I had never set aside an evening to devote to getting a pizza here.  So for my last evening here, I made a point of going.It was okay.I don't think it's the best pizza in Arizona, let alone America.  It definitely wasn't worth the 2 1/2 hour wait. And it absolutely was not worth the attitude from the bitchy hostess.I didn't like the charred bread that covered my hands and face with soot and gave the pizza a bitter and burnt flavor. And the pizza with salami we ordered was limp and soggy.  Ignoring those things, the pizza was pretty good.  And I did ignore those things because I was starving.  Maybe that's why so many people love this place - being taunted with the idea of good pizza for hours kind of skews ones perception.
3	Eh this pizza was pretty good I suppose. There was an awful lot of hype and much too long of a wait for us to have been discussing out favorite delivery chains during dinner.The hostess got a little rude because our group was "incomplete" (I feel like she really gets me!).The server was so charming, friendly and funny that it was extra disappointing to realize he pretty much took the order delivered the food and...well and nothing that was about it. Not terrible service but not great by any means.Had we waited 20 minutes as apposed to two and a half hours and had the staff een a bit less off, this place could easily hit the 4 star mark. As it is I had to be very optimistic and throw in a lot of benefit of the doubt to go with 3.
5	Being a Yelper, I have anticipated my visit to Pizzeria Bianco for over a year.  I finally got the opportunity to go to night!  Fellow Yelper from Houston, Ryan, was in town for work again and invited me out.  We met up at the wine bar next door and got a cheese plate.  Three different kinds of cheese, all really good and tangy!  The thin bread the came with was a bit too crunchy to eat with cheese on it, but tasty nonetheless.  Finally, after a two hour wait, we were called!We're in!  I'm going to Pizzeria Bianco!!!!We had a really nice waiter.  He was there when we needed, didn't hover at all.  We started with a couple appetizers.  I had a prosciutto-wrapped melted cheese on a skewer.  There is nothing better in this world than melted cheese!  The skewers were served on a bed of "micro-arugula" and drizzled with olive oil.  Soooooooooooooo yummy!  We ordered two pizzas to share: The Wiseguy and the Biancoverde.  The Wiseguy had sausage and caramelized onions on it.  Really good!  The Biancoverde, though, was even better.  Three different cheese and again, the micro-arugula.  I'm not a crust person.  I ate the parts with the toppings, but not the edged.  I never do.  The crust was thin and had soaked up some of the natural grease that comes with melted cheese.  Definitely got a wet spot from it!  I'm full.  I'm exhausted.  I had had a strange and mildly crappy day, and this made it worthwhile.I'll be back.  To me, definitely worth the wait!  I only wish my Buffalo sister, Jennifer, could have had such a good experience before leaving the Valley.
5	As you walk out of this place, full, content, utterly happy, gingerly feeling the seared top of your mouth, with the last vestiges of the charred flavor of the last bit of crust still lingering in your mouth, you can't give Pizzeria Bianco fewer than five stars.  Pizzeria Bianco is a five star establishment, with five star pizza (and the salads, aperitifs, and bread aren't too shabby either).  I think a great part of the experience is simply the smell when you walk in the door.  The spices, the pizza dough cooking, everything.  If you're a skeptic, just walk in and ask the hostess "how long for a table," playing it dumb.  She'll tell you how many hours, and you can look shocked if you wish, but you can smell the place and see what you think.  I defy you to do this (while hungry) without your mouth watering.
4	Went 11/28/08 (a Friday)We had a party of eight people and went to line up at 3:25pm.  People were not exactly lined up there but just sitting around talking.  There was no organization at all..just by memory and the honor system.  I thought it might cause problems but I went with the flow.  That was a big mistake.  For some reason, there was a couple who many parties accepted to cut in front even though we got there before them (which the couple admitted to).  So we stepped in front of them in line and acknowledged that other people were in front of us as well but we were definitely in front of those guys.  What followed was a heated disagreement and bad tensions that put a big damper on the evening.  I can't believe that it was like this but my brother (who has been there 3 times) said it's like this every time.  I suggest if you go then either have someone start a list or talk with everyone to know the order right when you get there to avoid possible problems.Anyways, the rush to line up is really to get in the first seating, otherwise you will have to wait another couple of hours depending on your party size.  After they open and they get your party on their list, you can go next door to the pub and relax there and they even call you when you are up which is a big plus.After getting in, our party sat at the bar and could see Chris at work in his mastery.  Service was good and the atmosphere was good.  We each ordered a pizza so we could try all varieties.  My favorites were the Margherita and Wiseguy but my brother loves the Biancoverde.  The pizza was great like I heard and expected.  Worth the wait?  Yes, because I needed to test the hype and continue my quest on finding the best pizza places out there.  Best in America?  No..I can name a couple in Brooklyn that I prefer but it's top 10 taste wise for me (so far).
2	This may be a first so I want everyone to brace themselves.Bianco's is OVERRATED!There, I said it. I'm sure I lost some readers along the way but I can handle that.The most unfortunate thing about this whole Bianco love affair is that the concept, building, and product are all excellent. The pizza is very good. The building is an amazing old brick structure that reminds me of my loft. The area is as beautiful as you will find in downtown Phoenix, surrounded by lush greenery, a garden, and tons of history. Waiting isn't even that bad when you consider Bar Bianco is full of the same character and spirit that the pizzeria is. I hate to hate Pizzeria Bianco...but I do.We went a couple years back. We were going to a Dbacks game of particular importance (Dirty Byrnes t-shirt night) and decided we'd put our names in at Bianco's. The wait is usually 2 hours so that gave us plenty of time to watch most of the game. Around the 5th we decided it had been enough time so we headed over. The hostess told us it would be another hour or so.Hmph....Of course we had no idea that the Oprah Show was doing a special on the restaurant this night so Gail is running around inside making a hell of a backup for the kitchen. Just our luck.Almost two more hours later we were finally seated. Gail left a few minutes after that. We ordered the Biancoverde pizza (which was not green) and well, it tasted like every other wood-fired pizza I have ever had. The crust was charred on the bottom but the pizza was perfect. I'm not sure if brick ovens are outlawed in downtown, but I don't get the trend. In any event, as we were about to finish, Chris Bianco came over and apologized for making us wait so long, he paid for our dinner and bought us dessert. Awful nice for a guy who knows that every housewife within 3000 miles is going to be flying to Phoenix to wait four hours for his pizza.Like I said, I didn't hate it. But it wasn't worth 4 hours. It wasn't worth the original 2 but I had to see what the hype was about. I wouldn't wait longer than 40 minutes for Bianco's because, that is the longest you will ever wait at Cibo. You will have a similar experience for a similar price but you won't be starved when you finally sit down to eat.
5	I love-love-love this place.  To avoid waiting for hours,I usually show up around 9p-10p on a weeknight.  (I double check to make sure it's not a Diamondbacks' game night!)  My friends and I will usually just grab a bottle of wine from Bar Bianco and hang out until our table is ready.I always start with the Antipasto platter & Spiedini, although if it's just one other person & myself, I'll skip the Spiedini.  Their Antipasto platter is definitely my favorite anywhere, hands down.  It's served warm and all the vegetables, cheeses, and meats literally melt in my mouth.  I'm salivating thinking about it.  The Rosa and the Biancoverde are my favorite pizzas.  (The Margherita is always a classic, but I'll usually only order it if I'm with a lot of people.)  The Rosa comes with onions, pistachios, and parmigiano reggiano cheese which, although sounds unusual, is amazing.  The Biancoverde is covered in arugula and melty cheese.  Part of the Pizzeria Bianco goodness is that all the ingredients come from the farmers' market so everything is always fresh and local.  Ooo and the crust.  Wood-fried, with the right balance of crispy & doughy.  (Don't overdo it on the bread!  Save your appetite for finishing the pizza!)This place is definitely worth the wait...one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants!
2	Let me start off with this: I wouldn't eat here again if you paid me. We had seven in a party and made reservations.... even with the reservations we had to wait. I told the hostess that it was ridiculous to take reservations and then make people wait. After rolling her eyes she found three tables shoved them together and walked away. You want to talk about a real Yelp review? My party ordered one of each pizza on the menu. I am not joking. If this pizza is so good then we will try each one and take the left overs home! Right? WRONG! Everything was burnt and just plain blah. Not one person in my party liked the pizza and promised never to come back here again. The prices are preposterous, the people are pretentious and the pizza is pitiful.
4	I've been here at least a dozen times over the years (wow, the first time was nearly 10 years ago) and have always put off reviewing it, anywhere. But here's the skinny:* You will have to wait. Expect to wait. Expect the wait-time to be longer than you were told. Be patient. Hey, there's been a bar next door for a little while now. Go have a few drinks. Food tastes better anyway with the aid of the Booze Goddess coursing through your veins. Trust me, they'll find you.* Do not be put off by the perceived rudeness of the staff. They're overworked and get lots of impatient, pushy idiots everyday (not you, of course. Other idiots). Also, it's more "authentic" that way. If you don't like it, don't go to Italy. Basta.* The food's good. Only twice out of the dozen+ pizzas I've tried here was one burnt to the point of "inedibility". Bianco knows what he's doing. Let him do what he does. He uses the freshest ingredients and that's why you've waited hours to eat his food (i.e., it's worth it).So, yeah. Get over it and eat. I've seen very little deterioration in the quality of the product over the years. And with the recent surge in diners over the last year or so since the Oprah bandwagon of minivans came over, that says a lot. This isn't one of those places where "the hype" needs to be taken into account.
1	Thought about it. Still SUX!
5	This place is a close to pizza perfection as I can imagine.  It's better than anything I have had in the US.  There may have been a couple places in Italy that I liked better, but I don't get there very often.  The pizza at Bianco is so good that I was ready to build a wood-fired oven in my backyard to try to replicate the pizza goodness.  But even with the oven, I'm not sure I could recreate what Chris Bianco is doing in downtown Phoenix.As if the food weren't good enough, the actual restaurant and neighboring bar just have a great feel to them.  Don't worry about the wait and make a whole evening out of the experience.  As far as I am concerned, Pizzeria Bianco is the single best thing in Phoenix.
1	This hurts to write this review. We love Bianco's pizza and Chris. We live in SF now, but  we lived in PHX when Bianco's started and we and our friends still go to Bianco's often. Bianco's pizza is clearly the best pizza anywhere. But the arrogance at Bianco's is now so over the top it disgusts us . Went there on Friday and the crabby hostess told us it was a 5 hour wait. Given it was almost 8pm and Bianco's is only for a few more hours, we were floored with her rudeness- she just could not care a less and she expressed verbally and in her body language. A simple, sincere "we are full for the night" was all that was necessary. This is now 3 or 4 occasions that we have been treated like crap by a hostess at Bianco's. We've always tolerated it, but the rudeness is so out of control we felt we needed to convey it to others. We will write to the SF Chronicle, NY Times, Zagat's and other food periodicals to share our view. We blame Chris for tolerating this arrogance and customer service by his staff. It's so sad to see someone at the top take the customers that have helped to some degree shap.e the experience/product and figuratively tell them to go to h&*%
5	Best pizza I've had anywhere.  Perfect, perfect and I mean perfect crust.  Thin, chewy, smoky and sweet.  Lots of interesting toppings that center around fresh, local produce.  I deeply envy the regulars here.
3	Ate here on a recommendation from a friend while on vacation in Phoenix from Chicago.I thought the wait was pretty extreme; if I weren't on vacation and willing to just kick it I don't think I would wait 3 hours for a table anywhere.  Luckily hanging at the bar next door was fun, and the wait was bearable due to the circumstances.  The pizza was very good and the bottle of wine we got was fine - I guess I'm a bit spoiled by Italian pizza (not to be confused with Chicago-style) in my hometown though, as this place seemed solid but not special.  Definitely a quality brick oven pizza with seemingly fresh ingredients though, and an enjoyable evening once you can get in.
5	Fantastic pizza and smiling service. I'm pretty sure that Mr. Bianco's special ingredient is love.
5	Although I'm happy to have tried Cibo, and am thrilled Phx has more diverse pizzas than it did years back, Pizzeria Bianco still takes the cake (or the pie). Don't get me wrong, both places have cute quaint interiors, delicious food and an atmosphere perfect for a romantic evening. Its just that Pizzeria Bianco has tastier pizza- I'm not sure if it's herbs, the cheese, the sauce, or all of the above. I love seeing the wood fire pizzas come out of the oven while I very patiently wait for mine.  And I hope you're ok with waiting, because you certainly will- for a table as well as for your pizza. Yes, even with reservations you will be waiting. Just get outside and discover the lovely historic homes & shops. It's worth it, I promise you.
1	Don't believe the hype.  I'm convinced the only reason this place gets good reviews is that people are too embarrassed to give it an honest review after they just waited 3 hrs for a crappy pizza.  Coming from New York and Connecticut where the best pizza spots are (Patsy's in NY, Pepi's in CT) I'm here to tell you that this place is not worth trying no matter what people try to tell you or what you read.  The pizza's are tiny 'gourmet' pizzas and the toppings literally fell off my slice as I tried to eat it.  Save yourself the time and get a much better pizza, go to Grimaldi's in either old town, DC ranch or I think Chandler too.  This place is actually related to Patsy's in NY and serves a MUCH better, traditional pizza that you don't have to wait so long for.
5	Best damn pizza EVER. Chris Bianco is a friend of the family and I have been visiting this place whenever I have been in AZ for over 10 years... and I have never seen anyone but his original investor get preferential treatment... so props for keeping with it!Love the Sonny Boy, the salami, the bread, the drinks, the ambiance and well... everything. Try, it's worth  the wait, but get there at 4:00 and you will be one of the first to be served when the doors open at five.
5	There's a reason for the hype. If you're willing to wait.
4	Someone suggested this place to me as the "crown jewel of Phoenix dining". I get really worried when someone whom I don't know very well tells me something like this because it's impossible to tell the development of one's palate. So I did what any Yelp!er would do, go on Yelp! and see what everyone thinks. And it didn't take long for me to see that when it comes to Pizzeria Bianco the thin line between love and hate was clearly drawn around the wait time. Similar to the law of diminishing returns in economics, I am a firm believer that there comes a point in time where eventually no matter how good the food you're waiting for is - it's just simply not worth the wait. I think this really comes down to how much do you like pizza. If you think that Papa John's or Domino's makes the perfect pizza, I can pretty much tell you that you probably don't want to wait anymore than 30 minutes for this place. BUT if you're foodie and you can appreciate the art of pizza making in a wood burning oven, this will be 3.5 hours well spent. Seeing how Ed Levine wrote an article in the New York Times about Pizzeria Bianco titled "The Road to Pizza Nirvana goes through Phoenix", I was pretty settled on trying this place out no matter how long it takes. I got there about 45 minutes before dinner service (5pm-10pm, Tues. - Sat.) and was greeted by a line of about 50 people. Once dinner service begun, the hostess took our name down on "the list" and estimated that it'd be about 3-3.5 hours from there (once you get your name on "the list" you can go on with your life as long as you call and check in about every hour). I checked back an hour later and the hostess told me that they were running ahead of schedule for 2 tops that night and that I should close out my tab at the pub across the street and head back to the pizzeria. So when we finally got seated, my buddy and I was HUNGRY (you can do a lot of damage with a nice simple menu in front of you when you're hungry). we decided to start things off with the antipasto plate and then we ordered the "Biancoverde", the "Wiseguy", & also the "Margherita".The Antipasto plate was solid. For the price, I'd say that it was about the right size. The ingredients were FRESH. The olive oil was very tasty. The "Wiseguy" pizza was alright. While the pizza was solid, nothing about this particular one stuck out to me. The "Biancoverde", however, was pretty much fail proof because we added prosciutto ($4) to it. The first thing I noticed about that pizza was that the ENTIRE pizza was covered with prosciutto. As I took my first bite, the fresh mozzarella REALLY stuck out - it made the biggest difference in the world. The "Margherita" was also solid - the tomato sauce was superb. I think the key here was to order the right things. For example, I was most impressed with the Biancoverde, but if it wasn't for the prosciutto that we added, I don't know if I'd still feel the same way. Don't be shy about adding things to the pizza - you've already waited so long in line, treat yourself the a pizza the way you want it!! =)I think what makes Pizzeria Bianco a hit is that besides how they really use pretty quality ingredients, their crust is simply superb. It's got a perfect hint of the smoke aroma from the fire and also the perfect balance between the crunchy outer crust and the soft inner crust. While I can say without a doubt that the pizza at Pizzeria Bianco is awesome, I would hesitate to recommend this place to everyone. Like I said earlier, if you consider yourself a foodie, don't do yourself a disservice by skipping out on this place because of the wait time. It's like the saying that "where there's smoke there's fire", for ANY restaurant that can tell people to wait 3 hours for food and only do dinner service 5 days of the week while having only about 12 tables inside... you know that you're either onto something or this is the greatest scam in the US of A...If you're on the fence about this place still, try this place with a party of no more than 2. The party of 3 that was literally right behind us in line before the open was still not seated when I was leaving the restaurant (that's after an appetizer and 3 pizzas!!!)
5	AWESOME PIZZA!You want more details?Yesterday (my first time at Pizzeria Bianco)  I arrived at 5 minutes to 3 - I was second in the line.  As time passed, and more people arrived, we began chatting.  Just wandering from conversation to conversation - very relaxed - very laidback - casual - fun.The family in 3rd place turned out to be regulars.  They're Italian.  They chatted amongst themselves in Italian.  They chatted with the rest of us in English - with a noticeable Italian accent.The hostess (who is a knockout!) was charming.  I have no idea about the reviews claiming that she's rude.  Get some people skills people!Being solo, I sat at the bar.  A glass of Dos Cabesas & a Margherita with red onions & garlic.Those of us at the bar - all strangers to each other - chatted like we were at party at our next door neighbors'.  The ambience of this former machine shop - with the wood-burning brick pizza oven - is charming & romantic.  I will have to return with my GF.The wine was smooth and delicious.  The pizza -- now yuh gotta understand - I worked at Gino's Pizza on East McDowell before you were born -- was AMAZING!  But, that's exactly what I expected.  My mouth told me that it's so very happy I took it to Bianco, and I like to make my mouth happy.So, go.  Expect to wait.  Relax.  Chat with people.  Have fun.  Your mouth will.AWESOME PIZZA!Any questions?
4	350 for Pizza?!!!Foodies all over the world make journeys and take treks to discover a new flavor. They'll go to dangerous places to sample some new or exotic delicacy. They'll spend thousands of dollars to have these experiences and spend weeks of planning to do it. Well, that's not me BUT, I did decide one morning to drive 350 miles for some pizza. I had always heard how the best pizza in the world was in Phoenix, Arizona at Pizzeria Bianco. I live in Los Angeles and have experienced Mozza so many times that I couldn't believe that there was a better slice of pizza anywhere (New York and Chicago included because I've been to both). One Tuesday morning, I woke up at 5 am and decided to hop on the 10 east and settle this once and for all. Bianco is Downtown Phoenix and while it opens at 5 pm I had heard that if you don't stand in line well before then you may not get in for the rest of the night. I arrived at around 2 and there was already someone waiting at the door. In the 3 hours leading up to the door opening the line grew 40 deep and I was glad I had made the early commitment the rosa with arizona pistachios, red onion and parmigiano reggiano was a nice surprise because I didn't expect that combination to work, especially the pistachios. The Wise Guy with fennel sausage, wood roasted onions and smoked mozzarella really hit the spot. While nothing compares to Nancy Silverton's Mozza dough, Bianco's topping combinations are inspired and perfectly balanced. The perfect pizza would be a fusion of the two and for THAT I would travel a million miles.
4	I love the Spiedini! Every bite was freakin' awesome! The Italian Fontina is not like any cheese I've ever had before. Combined with the Prosciutto di Parma takes this appetizer to another level. YUMMY!I love the Wiseguy! Grilled onions never tasted so good. The weirdest thing was the very last bite tasted the best. It's like I'm emotionally attached to that last bite and how it made me feel. YUM!!!I hate the Sonny Boy but I'm not an olive person. Every bite was overwhelming with an olive taste. YUCK!!!I could of done without the 2 and half hour wait though. Since there is a wait, people get super drunk. When you're sober and everyone around you is drunk, it can be a tad bit annoying and loud. The restaurant is super small. There is no room to really have an intimate experience when people are yelling in your ear.Also, I could care less for the service. I guess when you're not hurting for business you could act however you want. I totally don't agree with that statement. I hope the staff reads these yelp reviews and improves the service. Eventually, the bad service will outweigh the taste of the food. Then people will stop coming.If I ever had the chance to come back, I would probably order takeout. The website said you couldn't but I saw someone who did. It also said they validate, and they do but it doesn't cover the whole parking fee.Overall, I'm still happy that I got to experience the BEST PIZZA for myself. It's pretty cool to say I've had Pizzeria Bianco. So I would suggest anyone to give it a try just expect the wait and the rudeness. Hopefully, the food will make it all worth for you.
5	Who, what, where, how??First let me begin with the fact that ever since first Yelping this place me and my girl had been dreaming of one night dining at this well established cafe.What stopped us for two weeks?1. Guests coming into town2. A "3 hour wait" which we read about on Yelp'3. A "4 hour wait" when we called to check on Saturday night4. A possible dreaded artsy, hipster scene making one's night uncomfortable and annoying.So What happened?Well we had an hour and an half wait on a tuesday, (hey we expected it so no biggie) found it had a very quaint location and a very relaxing Wine Bar that served us up some amazing Italian wines, a mixed cheese platter and a Goat Cheese and Olive brushetta type snacks while waiting.To our surprise the scene was rather chill and we only noticed rudeness by a male couple snickering about others in the corner while sipping their vino, cute guys...not.As we were called in to the little kitchen we were personally greeted by Chris Bianco who was flipping dough with a smile on his face and an aroma that filled the air with Italian ecstasy.We were seated and our waiter promptly, but very politely went over the menu, you could tell just by his confidence that the chef knew his stuff with the plates.We started with the prosciutto wrapped asparagus which was oh, so tangy, crisp and amazing followed by the homemade mozzarella, tomato and basil salad, which, if I may reiterate, was amazing as well.As we sipped our wine and conversed while taking in the wonderful smells and watching Chris spin his dough from the kitchen I noticed he personally again looked at us and noted that our pizza's would be right up, now, I don't know about everyone, but it's pretty damn impressive when the Chef is so on top of things he knows exactly what's going on with every table at one given time.Our pizza's came soon thereafter, The Wiseguy for me, and the biancoverde for my girl. Delicious, absolutely delicious, the ingredients were so fresh you could tell they are hand picked and the crust unbelievable... crispy, soft in the middle, with purposeful flaws in order to bring out a hint of bitterness with the rich cheese atop.We will for sure be back however, Pizzeria Bianco is a night in itself, never a quick bite, so be optimistic, and NOT in a hurry when attempting to choose a spot for dinner.
5	I visited Pizzeria Bianco last spring after my boyfriend and I checked out the Titanic exhibit at the Arizona Science Center. It was just around the corner. We got here at about 3:30 on a Friday and there were already more than a dozen people ahead of us in line. We waited for them to open, take our names and then we headed next door for drinks and appetizers. What a fun experience. We chatted up with the couple that had been ahead of us in line and enjoyed a beautiful evening in the garden area. We each got a pizza and they were both delicious. Everything tasted so fresh. The crust was cooked to perfection. We sat right next to the oven and it was so cool watching Chris make everything. We will definitely be back and bring friends next time.
3	Ok, I finally went to the Almighty Pizzeria Bianco after living in Phoenix for nearly 3 years, and am truly left wondering what all the hype is about. Is it because someone, somewhere years ago in an A-list city wrote a flattering review? Or is it simply because there is always a line and it's really hard to get in unless you wait, thus adding to the mystique? I don't know but I can honestly say that Bianco is very overrated. It's most definitely a decent pizza, but 3 hour wait decent? I think not. In fact I can name 5 other places in Phoenix alone that have as good and better pies. First, the wait. I don't care about waiting, as long as the process is orderly and controlled, which at Bianco it is not. Our party arrived at about 4pm on a Wednesday, and there were around a dozen or so people already waiting. No biggie. Well, as 5pm approached, it was suddenly like Euro Disney in France with entire families cutting the line and people coming out from nowhere to jump into the action. When something was mentioned to the hostess, she politely said they "would look into it". Right. Has anyone running this place ever heard of a sign in sheet like they do everywhere else in the free world? Honestly the pizza could even be much better than it actually is and it still would not be worth the stress and weirdness of the 'line' waiting to get it. The biggest issue in this regard is the staff and their indifference because, quite honestly, why should they care? They will always be sold out, every night, right?Ok the food. When we did get seated 1.5 hours later, we decided to order 3 of the 6 pizzas on the menu. The white pizzas were bland, but really salty, and the red pizzas were more flavorful, and really salty. The crust was good, but soggy in the middle. The fennel sausage was average at best, but the roasted onions were tasty. Honestly the appetizer of prosciutto stuffed with fontina was the best thing we had. They had a nice wine list, and they do score points for offering an outstanding local wine that's hard to find in restaurants. Everything was reasonably priced. The atmosphere is quaint, but truly not that memorable, and I think the only reason anyone comments on it is that it's in Phoenix, and it's not in a strip mall. The bar next door is quite charming, and it's worth mentioning that our server there was awesome and kept the drinks flowing. I actually wonder if much of the reason for the popularity of this place is that everyone is half-cocked by the time they actually eat any pizza.If there wasn't such a hype surrounding this place, and if you could just sign up when you arrive, like any other restaurant, it would be much more enjoyable. The expectations are too high and unfortunately Bianco is just too complacent to live up to it.
3	It's Overrated! Plain and simple! The reason it's famous is that it offers aspects that most Phoenix restaurants lack: (1) It's not a chain (2) It has hip swanky northern California feel as it is next to a wine bar. It didn't hurt that Jerry Colangelo would publicly recommend this place for a date and soon it just became a hit.   It was a trendier option to the usual bar food right before a Suns game.  That's how it got famouse.  People would park and dine here early before Diamondback and Suns games and then walk to the game afterwards. However, when the #1 ranking came out, it just drove this place through the roof. The food hasn't changed. Yes, they make great pizza but like another reviewer mentioned, i can think of at least 5 places in Phoenix that offer better pizza.  Is it worth the wait...most certainly not.  It's just annoying now because any out-of-town guest wants to dine here and taste the "best pizza in America" and they are always let down.
5	I was never impressed with woodfired oven pizza.  I've tried Mozza in LA and Waldy's NY, and I was kinda bummed that I would be eating it again in Phoenix of all places.  And waiting 2+ hours at that.  I kept pushing our group to settle for Grimaldi's.  I was wrong.  Bianco's blew me away!  Holy shite.I wasn't even hungry. I was all cheesed out from my previous meals. I even had 3 glasses of wine which usually curbs my appetite. I had bread.  I even sampled all our sides(roasted garlic, prosciutto, and the caprese salad). But when those pizzas came out, I couldn't stop myself from hoovering 4 slices, crust and all.  Okay...it doesn't sound like much but mind you, it was 10:30pm, and my 4th meal of the day.  My favorite was the Rosa. It was heavy, cheesy, and nutty. That's right a pizza with pistachios...who knew? It was perfect. The Biancoverde was my second fave...the aragula compliments and lightens the cheese factor.  Margherita was good but too safe for me.  The Rosa I couldn't get enough of.  I had two slices there, and I had another slice as soon as I woke up the next day.  A cold slice of pizza.  And I don't do cold pizza EVER.  Bianco lived up to the hype.  Bravo!  Now please open a location in LA.
4	Let me just preface this review by saying, I really really didn't want to like Pizzeria Bianco because of all the hype I have heard about it. Unfortunately (or fortunately I suppose), I actually did like Pizzeria Bianco. While I cannot say it was the best pizza I have ever ate, it was good and I walked away a pleasantly full and happy gal.To avoid having my opinion of Pizzeria Bianco swayed one way or the other by a potential 3 hour wait, and since I don't feel like any food is worthy of a 3 hour wait, I went with a group of 6 friends and made a reservation. My biggest advice if you are going to make a reservation, make it way before the date you want to go! It took three times calling for a reservation before I got one...last night the hostess shed some light on why...they only take one reservation for each time slot. If you do decide to go without a reservation, take advantage of drinks and apps beforehand at either Bar Bianco or Rose and Crown!Pizzeria Bianco is small and tables are very close together, so if you don't like dining almost on top of the table next to you, I suggest skipping this place. Our waiter was friendly and provided good service most of the night. Coke comes in the old fashioned bottles and the alcohol selection is a bit small, but I guess the focus is really the food. Our group started with an order of the spiedini (fontina wrapped in prosciutto) and an order of the tomato and mozzarella as appetizers. Definitely if you are with a group, order at least two of the spiedini, as it only comes with two skewers which only affords each person a very small bite. The tomato and mozzarella fed our group easily, so one order for a group of 6 should be fine. The tomatoes were so fresh and juicy, and the mozzarella was super fresh as well...all and all, it was probably the best caprese I have had. Both appetizers were winners with our group. We also went through two plates of the bread and olive oil before our pizzas arrived...my only complaint was that I prefer when restaurants put a bit of seasoning in the olive oil to kick the flavor up a bit.We ordered five pizzas...2 Biancoverdes, 1 Margherita, 1 Rosa, and 1 Sonny Boy. We probably should have just gone with four pizzas, but with five, we had leftovers for some people to take home. I really enjoyed the Biancoverde and the Margherita, although the Biancoverde was by far the heaviest of the pizzas and had intense flavors. It had a bit too much argula for my liking, but it was very good. The margherita was simple, yet tasted very fresh and had a good cheese to tomato ratio, which is very important in my book for a quality Margherita. The Rosa and Sonny Boy were hits with our group as well, although I think the Sonny Boy was probably the least favorite of the four kinds we ordered. For the two appetizers, five pizzas, a glass of wine, a coke, double expresso, and a cappucino, our bill came to $111...when we added in the tip, each person in our party of 6 paid $22. I thought that was incredibly reasonable and actually much less than I had been planning to spend.There were a few negatives about my Pizzeria Bianco experience:1. Parking - the lot for PB customers was full when I arrived at 5:30 pm, so I was directed to the garage on 5th Street which was fine. However, even after getting my ticket validated at PB, it still cost me $3 to park. Not a huge thing, but I think that people turned away from the lot (which is free) should be told that they will still have to pay to park at the garage, just at a discounted rate.2. When we arrived at 6:30 (time of our reservation), we had to wait for 15 minutes for a table. Granted, not a three hour wait, but it just irks me a bit when you have reservations for a specific time and then are still made to wait.3. The table of two guys next to us were asked to leave by the hostess...she told them they could finish their beers outside or next door, but they had to leave so a party of two could be seated at their table. I have never heard of something like that happening before. Our group was a bit shocked and as my friend said, "I guess to be a hostess here you need to have quite a pair". 4. After we got our check, we waited over 15 minutes for someone to take it and bring the change (we paid in cash). Our waiter never actually came and got it...the hostess overheard us wondering when someone was going to come and get our money, so she picked it up and handled it for us. The funny thing was that there was a group waiting for our table outside! Overall, I would say Pizzeria Bianco is a 3.5 star establishment, but I'm giving it 4 stars (Yelp really needs half stars!) because the food exceeded my expectations in terms of quality and freshness, and our group walked away quite happy with our dining experience despite a few hiccups.
5	I went on a weekday and the wait was only a hour or so.  With the Bianco Bar the wait flew by.  I had the Spiedini and a Good Fella Pizza.   They both were fantastic!  I am still dreaming about the Spiedini!   Can't wait to go again.
4	It took three tries to eat here. The first time we called (Sunday), it was closed. And according to their voicemail greeting, Pizzeria Bianco was booked for the next two months. The second time, we were told that there was a three hour wait, at which news we freaked out a little and ended up going to another restaurant. The third time, we showed up an hour before the restaurant opened so that we only had to wait TWO hours for a table. We were in Arizona, dammit, and by golly we were going to eat at this pizza place everyone kept recommending even if it killed us. Luckily, they strategically opened their bar next door at 4 p.m. so that we could drown our boredom in cider and Mexican Coke while we waited. Their hostesses were stunning and very sweet, and very skilled at keeping hungry people happy during a two-hour wait.We ended up ordering the Margherita, Rosa, Biancoverde, and Wiseguy pizzas. The Margherita and especially the Biancoverde were quite good and light. The Rosa and Wiseguy were very salty and oily. I wouldn't order them again. Still, the meal felt satisfying. Pizzeria Bianco reminds me very much of Basic in San Diego; both places have the floppy, slightly charred, thin-crust pizzas, the rugged brick walls, the wood burning oven. But Basic has no wait, better hours, a full bar, cheaper pizza pies, and more toppings to choose from.So is Pizzeria Bianco worth the wait? Sure, but more so you can say you experienced a Phoenix institution than for the food. 3.5 stars.
1	VERY RUDE  and  a NON-PROFESSIONAL Management! BURNT CRUST!!For the life of me I do not understand what the big hype is about their BLAND nasty pizza!!Not worth any wait time.(3-4 hours) whats So ever.NOT for big appetites,its rabbit food.If I can save someone from going there, then then it was worth my time writing this.You are better off buying pizza hut or a pizza from the supermarket will tasty better than their pizza.When they say thin crust , they mean THIN crust!.You need to order at least three pizzas in order to get full.At $15.00 a pop, I  don't think so! THUMBS DOWN ALL THE WAY!! I believe management is writing their own reviews about how great they are.LOL
5	so Friday night was the first time i have ever tasted the pizza at Pizzeria Bianco..while they only had two types of pizza out for samples...a Margarita type pizza and a sausage and carmelized onion pizza..the lady said it had a name..i thought she was joking..and quickly forgot what it was... the sausage was full of fennel flavor and i thought it was awesome. i was totally stoked to see that pizzeria bianco was open during the NBA All Star game Tip Off Party at Heritage Square.now i gotta find time to actually have a sit down dinner here. i totally believe the hype.i also heard that the Pizza oven at the AJ's on Camelback and Central was built by Bianco...true?
5	I had waited to write a review for Bianco because it had been so long since I had been last, I felt I needed a refresher course. Last night I got one. I took a date there and we were quoted an hour forty-five to two hours and 15 minutes. Seemed liked a lot for a Thursday night, but was planning on waiting. I thought the stars were totally aligned though when I was able to find a spot in their tiny parking lot. I guess it can't all be perfect. So we ventured over to Bar Bianco (review to follow) for a few drinks to pass the time. We were pleasantly surprised that in about an hour and a half they were ready for us next door. We took the first available seating which was up at the bar. I have to say I forgot just how small this place is. The bar is nice, but we were both wishing the top of it came out a little more. It was a little awkward trying to sit on the stools straight. It does however make it more conducive to talking, almost like a table. The atmosphere was great and we even had a short conversation with a few of the other bar inhabitants. The bartender/server was very attentive and greeted us right away. Took our drink order and he poured them right then and there. We decided to go with a Sonny Boy and the Biancoverde. Within 10 minutes, I think, they were both out and done to perfection. The salami on the Sonny Boy got nice a crispy on the edges and the olives were nice and salty. I was also pleasantly surprised by the Biancoverde. It is a white pizza with ricotta and arugula. It was nice and creamy. We ate all but two pieces and left feeling satisfied. This is a great date place and I credit Z for suggesting it. If someone has never been downtown before take them here if you can get a table. It will surely impress them.
3	This is the toughest review for me yet. Why you ask? Because I really don't think I get it..... I feel the same way about this as I feel when I tell people I hate the Beatles and they look at me like I just ran over their dog..... I am the type of guy who loves "an experience" and from that standpoint, I can handle a very simple meal turning into a 4 or 5 hour process. That said, if I am set to do this, I expect to be completely dazzled with the outcome. When I got there at about 3:45 pm I was about number 35 in line. By 4:30, there were like 100 people in line. The anticipation was building and a strapped myself in for the wait next door. Unfortunately, this was the best part of the evening.This is my dilemma, it's not that I hated it or thought it was bad in any way, However, the food was ok, definitely a place I would order pizza from and pick it up and take it home. I guess I just fail to see the "genius" of this pizza. We started with the spiedini and also ordered a Sonny Boy, Good Fella and the Arugula pizza. Again, it was all good, dough, cheese, meats and veggies. All good ingredients, but seriously, I don't get the big deal. This is not your typical pizza joint pizza which is a good thing, but in my opinion as someone who is a complete pizza nut who eats way too much of it all around the country, I've had better in my opinion.... Oh, I must complement the wait staff, particularly Dave the waiter. Great waiter and friendly as can be.Maybe my expectations were set too high. I expected to love it so much that I wanted to eat until I exploded... I didn't. A couple years ago I was in NY on business and I walked over the Brooklyn Bridge and ate at Patsy Grimaldis under the bridge. Now that experience left me thinking "HOLY CRAP THAT WAS AWESOME"... To each his own I guess
5	We went here on a halloween night and expected the long wait but I guess everyone was trick or treating so we got inside in less than an hour. The pizzas were outstanding and their salads too. For some reason that coke in a bottle went well with our pizza.  Make sure to order the wiseguy and the Sonny boy. This is a must go for pizza lovers if you happen to be in downtown phoenix.
4	I had a trip to Phoenix a few month ago. I did some research online and found Pizzeria Bianco. It has WONDERFUL pizza!!! I wish I had the space for all the pizzas they have....  The only down side is the wait time. I had to wait 3 hours for it.
4	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place, yet!Went here awhile back on a hot and very humid August evening with a group of ten.  We had reservations for 8p- we arrived at 7p (as was requested by the venue), and tried to keep cool at the very crowded and NON-air conditioned Bar Bianco next door- very quaint, but the overhead fans and open windows were laughable- funny that no one was laughing.Yes, we arrived at 7p and were seated at 8:15 and glasses of water were quickly given.  Orders for salads and pizzas were taken fifteen minutes later.  Salads were on the table by 8:45p and pizzas around 9p.  (Hey, I was ready to eat at 7p, so yeah, I was watching the clock!)I ordered the Farmer's market salad and the Rosa pizza (with parmigiano-reggiano, rosemary, red onion, and AZ pistachios).  Fantastic salad- tasted very fresh with a lovely vinaigrette- the shaved parmigiano-reggiano on top was the icing on the cake!  I'm a thin-crust lover and was impressed with the pizza crust here.  Loved the scent and flavor of rosemary, and the toasted pistachios really brought the flavors of the other ingredients together and made them pop!  The server we had was courteous and aimed to please, which was nice to see.  Chris Bianco looked quite busy, and yet was all smiles, tending to the oven- another cool thing to spy.
2	Meh. Yeah, that was a pretty good pizza. Amazingly thin crust with the perfect amount of sauce and cheese. However, the outer rim of my pizza was pretty badly burnt and tasted awful. And the salami on the Sonny Boy is INCREDIBLY salty (yes, I know it's salami...but geez). I'd advise you to customize your own pizza when you finally get a seat and not go with the suggested combos. But enough about the food...An hour and twenty minutes to get a seat by myself at the bar? On a Tuesday night? No way that was worth it. I suppose it's considerate of them to have a wine bar next door that patrons can wait in, but it just made me pay more money for appetizers and beer to pass the long wait. I'll admit the focaccia appetizer I got was scrumptious...but no deal breaker, by any means.So, bottom line, if you have absolutely nothing to do with your evening, come here with a group of friends. You *might* get some comfortable seating in the wine house as you wait for who knows how long and enjoy your pies over cheerful conversation when the blue moon finally passes and you score some seats. But I'm sure you have better things to do.
4	Some of the best neapolitan-style pizza anywhere. Worth the 2 hour wait, which is made more palatable, when drinking wine and eating appy's outside on long picnic tables in 80 degree weather.
3	I'm not going to really delve into what makes Bianco's pizza world famous, because I don't agree.  It is certainly delicious pizza, no doubt.  To be honest though, you can get the same quality pizza at Cibo's in a tiny fraction of the time that it takes your name to move up one spot on the list.The pizza is nice.   The crust has that yummy woodfired taste with a little bit of charring that I really like.  The ingredients are fresh and tasty.  The items on the menu are creative yet traditional.  This just isn't my thing.There are lots of things to like about Bianco's.  I love that he has stayed small.  I appreciate that.  I love the cute bar next door to provide some solace to the excruciatingly long wait.  I love the area it's in.  Absolutely beautiful.  I love that Bianco's is real.  Real ingredients, real cooking.  Problem is, I can get the same thing elsewhere.  Pizza will never ever be worth a multi-hour wait for me. Bravo Bianco's, you have somehow convinced people to wait hours for your pizza.
5	This is not only the best pizza I've had but some of the best food Ive ever had period. Amazing consistency. Perfect. Go check it out. Worth the wait.
4	Yes if you are not there at the time of opening(4PM) you are screwed and will have to wait.  I got there on Wed at 530, and waited about an hour to eat by myself.  Groups 3 or larger be prepared to wait longer.  Although there is a nice wine bar next door and cheap beer.  The caprese salad, mainly the mozzarella was to die for.  The flavor coming out of it, the richness, the cream, the silkiness of it was stellar.  The basil was very strong as well.  I had the Sonny Boy pizza that from a set of some very simple ingredients, a perfect pizza was born.  An almost buttery crust, mild yet robust olives, salami, a perfect amount of cheese, and a tomato sauce that was not too acidic...  But man oh man, that crust is fantastic, the fired brick oven just adds a flavor and complexity to the flavors that makes you wish one could just pour liquid smoke on your crust and get the same results at home...  Now I'll have to come back for more!
4	Pizzeria Bianco is an experience: it depends if it's going to be good or bad based on your attitude. I've eaten there twice, once in a group of three, the other time as a group of seven. I didn't mind the wait so much during the group of three (2.5 hours) because we found a comfy spot over at Bar Bianco (in the heat) and chatted away. The group of seven though was trying. A 4.5 hour wait that included an impatient 13-year-old, freezing temperatures, mud, and about eight bottles of wine for six people. Not a good idea. My sister eats at Pizzeria Bianco about once a month and knows the owners/staff through business and didn't want to piss them off through complaining about the wait. You'd think we'd get better service or have a faster wait thanks to the connection, but it didn't happen. Make reservations if you have a party of 6 or over. It will save your sanity.I do have to say that the food is delicious once you trudge through the wait. My favorites are the Caprese salad and the Wiseguy (I'm a sucker for sausage and onions). I've had slices of the other pizzas (the Margherita is great and the Sonny Boy is good too if you like olives). The freshness of the ingredients and dough do shine through.The killer though is the wait. If they had a bit more ambiance outside (perhaps more tables or entertainment or even passing out little samples of the pizza as an amuse bouche) or revamp Bar Bianco to accommodate more people, it would be better. If I get a craving for pizza though, I'll save my sanity and go to Grimaldi's.
3	It was good pizza. Not the best pizza, but good pizza. Good salad. The wait (over an hour on a weeknight) was a bit much for the quality of food. Service left much to be desired. They have made the most of the wait, opening a wine bar next door, where they make most of their money. May be back, but at an off-hour.
3	Went here a yr ago but I'm new to YELP so I'm catching up :) Waited 4 hrs, yes I heard the wait was long, but Reeeaaally? Finally sat @ 10pm after having some apps next door. By the time we sat we weren't terribly hungry but the server forced our foursome into getting 4 pizzas. We ate 2 (told you we weren't hungry) and took 2 home. Pizza was good, but Cibo is better! Was the wait worth it, ahhhh No.
1	Unlike the previous reviewer I dont think my attitude had anything to do with my bad experience.   I think it had more to do with half (of the already skimpy menu) being sold out by the time we were finally seated.  During our 3 hour wait (which we planned for) one of our group of six had to walk back to the car (parked almost a mile away due to there being no where else to park) to get their medication.  Of course we were called to the table when they were 2 blocks away and even though we had 5 out of 6 people and swore the last was walking here that very moment they said we would have to wait.  Less than 2 minutes later the last person arrived and we let the hostess know and then waited another 45 minutes and watched her seat 4 other tables before us as if to show us just who was running the show around here.  We pretty much had to order what was left on the menu after playing the "we're out of that" game with the waiter 4X and when the food finally did come I was hungry enough to think play-doh spaghetti was a delicacy.  It wasn't particularly bad.  The ingredients were fresh enough, but it just wasn't nearly anything special enough to warrant the hassle.  I'm only reviewing this place tonight because I just came from Christopher's and had a pizza that puts this place to shame for about the same price and a fraction of the snobbery.
4	I really like this little joint, it's definitely a place you go to with the mindset that you are going to enjoy the long wait and make it an experience. Why do you want to rush through something so tasty and charming anyway? the little bar that you wait in next door is so precious and lit up with candles, take a breather from our fast pace lifestyle and just enjoy your company, wine and appetizer. Then, when it's time for pizza enjoy that too! definitely don't come here if you are on a time watch or you're sure to be annoyed. the pizza is worth waiting for. not good for a first date bc if it doesn't go well then you're stuck with them for a LONNNNNGGGGGG time.And only 4 stars because you have to be in a mindset to eat here in order to enjoy the experience
1	Oooh, I forgot about the bar next door, that made the whole experience rival a root canal!  When we first arrived we sat at the claustrophobia inducing bar for at least 10 minutes while the bartender had a lengthy conversation with the girl sitting behind me about high school.  When she finally did get around to acknowledging me ( I had been sitting 2 feet from her and maintaining creepy stalker eye contact for way too long trying to get her attention) she was flabbergasted that I asked what kind of cider they had.  "Uuuuuh APPLE?" she said rolling her eyes and doing her best valley girl impression.  I guess no one ever told her they make other kinds, but they should have told her snotty little bartenders don't get tips.  Some of my group were *gasp* smokers and during the hours long stint at the bar went outside to smoke.  The bartender actually came out and told us we had to be 20 feet away from the door, ok no problem, except we were already over 20 feet from the door.  So we asked where we should stand, and she pointed to a spot 12 inches from where we were.  a foot? Come on, power trip much?  What ever happened to snobbery being earned by actually having a worthwhile product?  Now it just seems places are rude to customers to create the air of importance without having the substance to back it up.  Too tragically hip for its own good.
5	I seriously wonder if the negative reviews on here are people who are trying to steer would-be diners away from here so they can get in quicker. You can dislike the wait but you cannot deny the food. The pizza is perfect. Mozzerella made in-house is creamy with just the right amount of salt. The salads are unimaginably fresh. The spiedini appetizer which is Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto over Arugula is quite possibly the best two bites of food possible. The wait is what it is. If you can't hang with a three hour wait then stay out of my way so I can get some....
5	I am reviewing after my FIRST experience at Pizzeria Bianco.I will start from the end.I'm later walking my dog after an incredible meal and think to myself "where else in the valley does the experience begin with a wait?" And I am not talking the walk up, get a buzzer, and wait. No sir, I'm talking people lining up before the doors open. Chris Bianco must love to come to work every day with a line out the door. Because the day there is no line and no wait? That will be a sad day.I'm in marketing, so naturally I think the setup is brilliant. A small, cozy place, the owner cooking who actually acknowledges you when you walk in and the feeling of honor to be a part of the "Bianco Secret Society" when you finally do get in. I stood in line for just over an hour - just enough time to chat with a few people in front of me and behind me. And although I didn't make the first seating because my party was too large (8) - when I finally did get in, it was very cool to see the people I stood with in line give me a nod and smile and say "Hey! You made it!"THE FOOD: I swear in the back of Pizzeria Bianco is some secret garden where all of the fresh ingredients come from because the quality is there. You can't find veggies with that kind of flavor anywhere. The sausages are definitely imported from Italy (I know I've been there) - so many people might not like the flavor because it's not Americanized. It's all real here folks. I studied for my venture here on yelp. Every review helped me but here is my own experience and hopefully it will help others. My grandma wanted to try this place for her birthday, so with 4 seniors and 4 others totaling 8 - I thought we would need reservations. I called for a few weeks but never seemed to get through when I called and they seemed booked for months in advance. So after reading yelp, I found out that even if you do make reservations you still wait. So unarmed with reservations, I agreed to go into battle alone and stand in line. It was a Friday, and with 7 hungry people on their way to meet me at 5, I was a bit nervous about being able to get in at all. I left work early, hopped on the light rail and stood in line at about 3:50 and was the 25th or so in line. I brought a book, but chatted most of the time anyhow - there were plenty of trees and benches and so it was very relaxing. When the doors opened at 5, they did the first seating but then everybody else in line waited to be put on the list. We were quoted 7:30. So we walked next door and grabbed wine and beer and relaxed. It wasn't 6:30 and they called us in - and there we were! IN!I ordered one of each of the pizzas on the menu. Everybody thought it would be too much food, but there was NOTHING LEFT. The pizza is not the heavy, cheesy, pizza we're used to normally - you can eat quite a bit. We started with a few salads and the antipasto. LOVED the antipasto. Salads were definitely fresh grown greens, the flavor was amazing.I could go on with much more detail, but I'll end this by saying we each had our favorite, mine was the one with Arugula on top. We all walked away talking about how amazing it was and how great we felt, after dining on pizza. That's a sign of quality ingredients.All of that said, I can appreciate many places for what they offer to their customers. I will definitely be back to Pizzeria Bianco, but can also say a good greasy slice of Slices also does the trick at times. The dining experience is all what you make of it.
4	Ok, not five stars because of the whole defend your place in "line" kind of thing...but otherwise, this place is fantastic.  If only they would just do a list.  A simple list would prevent so much anxiety.Actually, the high level of anxiety probably drives up their drink sales, so it might not be a bad business move.Either way, as with most places, if you know what you're getting yourself into, then just plan for it and have a good time.  The pizza is really freaking good, and what's even better is that it reheats super well.  Just pop it in the oven the next day and bada-boom, bada-bing - lunch!Oh, one more thing - if you can't decide which pizza you want, you can get a half and half!  Who could ask for more?!
5	I've been going to Pizzeria Bianco since 1995, when I first moved to Arizona and I can say without a doubt, this is the best damn pizza I have ever had. In fact, I'd go so far as to say Bianco is my favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix.Chris uses only the best ingredients and he makes the pizza himself. He is unwilling to grow the business and add more people because he knows the food will suffer. He's made a choice to do things his way and I applaud him for it.My favorite pizza is the Bianco Verde but I also love the Rosa and the Margarita. The antipasto is always amazing and the salads are perfection. I do miss the old days when I only had to wait 1.5 hours but I still say it's worth every minute.
5	This place was awesome.  Your going to wait a long time.  Go to the bar next door.   Relax. Have some drinks and an appetizer.
3	Hmmm honestly?  I've had better.  Our group of 4 arrived at 4:30pm, had our name in by 5ish after waiting in line, and were three sheets to the wind (thanks to next door) and famished 3.5 hours later.  Now, the pizza's are delicious.  And fresh.  And the environment and ambiance are top notch.   But the service was blah, almost as if there was no reason to be attentive or have personality because of where he was working.  And the wait, although we expected it, was a little much.  It's an experience to try the famous Pizzeria Bianco, that's for sure.  I always love a local place with a great story.  My favorite part of the experience though was sitting next door, drinking too much, having a great time with friends and everyone else....all anxiously waiting for the time when their name is called.  In the future, I'll be enjoying the pleasant, albeit non notorious,  ambiance and pizza at Classic Italian Pizza.
5	There is only one reason  why I shouldn't love this pizza.Waiting an OBSCENE amount of time for a pizza is a pretty big one. If this pizza was not as good I would be angry I think.I would tell you about it ( HERE)... but you know what its that good. I have had pizza around the world ,its not the best..... but this is pretty close to the best you are going to get in this area code. I would love to say don't believe  "the hype" but yo there is a reason you have to wait sometimes as long as 4+ hours for a pizza on a Saturday night. Lets really face the reality of that night though. You are gonna want to hang  around at other bars drinking with your friends anyway.Its certainly not going to be a cheaper night of entertainment either.. Armed with that information you know what to expect. While there is another place close by that is just as good but not as central.This is worth it just to know what people are talking about.This Pizza is wood fired and made with world class ingredients. The thin cust is perfect. The service at least for me was rushed and sorta unplesant. We were literally the last people in there by the time they sat us, so I am not sure if that behavior / treatment is normal. Not a place to pop in and grab a bite to eat with a small group but if you are REALLY not in rush then this place is one of the best in AZ.
5	Sonny Boy Sonny Boy Sonny Boy Sonny Boy.  The sauce. The mozz.  The crust.  The whole package is simply delicious.
1	Okay, while I love Chris and I love his product I despise their group reservation policy. We called weeks ago for a reservation for 9 towards the end of May, they told me that we need to call one month to the date at 5 o'clock.. so today that call was made at 5 o'clock, the stupid matter of factly bitch told me that the reservations were gone at 4:30.. okay, if you're going to fuck around with the way you do things that's one thing, but being a dumb bitch about it is completely another. I think I'm finally over my love for this place.. I mean 3 weeks ago we showed up and was told the wait was 4.5 hours.. I don't wait that long for pizza.. while his pizza is great, its just fucking pizza.Advice: get a bigger place!!Sorry but I'm still fuming mad!!
5	Here's what you do (a variation on something I did last summer): hire yourself some free interns from ASU or U of A.  The job market is tight so they will work for free as long as they can get credit from the school.  On select days when you are craving PB, let your interns leave the office early, say around 4 p.m. but tell them they are doing such a great job you would love to take them to dinner at PB.  Tell them to go over there and get on the list and that you will be there ASAP after 5 when you close up for the day.  Your interns will be so excited to leave early and eat PB that they will gladly go down and put your name on the list right when it opens.  By the time you get there around 5:45 or 6:00, your table is ready.
5	Totally worth the wait!  We only waited about 2.5 hours, which the average wait is about 3-4.  It  really depends upon when you get there.  If you don't like waiting, then don't go, save some room for us foodies, those locals and us travelers that appreciate the art of food! If Gayle (Oprah's friend), Martha Stewart like the pizza, then what more can you ask to know about PB.  PB is also highly recommended by Wine Spectator (June 08), Vogue and The New York Times.  PB truly lived up to all the hype an exceeded my taste buds!  However those who know me, know that I love food and I will travel for the experience.  PB is now on my top 5 restaurants!You can enjoy the wait and relax by drinking a glass of wine from the bar (they own next door).  You can drink outside in front, or on the park benches, tables and seating next door on the patio.  Relax, enjoy life and  take in all of the scenery including the local garden.  However, make sure you leave someone in line at all times to save your spot and perhaps rotate.  My wife and I enjoyed a glass of Aardvark Pinot Noir which was fantastico!  The appetizers looked terrific, but I wanted to save room for pizza.  We migrated over to the long table outside Pizzeria Bianco and the staff is so organized, that they write down your location while you wait so they know where to find you (this happens once they are open and your name is on a LIST).  If you have ever had pizza in Rome, Italy, then this is next best place to visit!  It rivals a place that was highly recommended by Rick Steve's (travel guru), somewhere near the Pantheon. My Favs:BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, ArugulaWISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage.  The fennel sausage is awesome!  We did not order enough of this pizza!  We also had the MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, but it was not one of our favorites.  A great sauce though!  Perhaps we should have added a topping!We ordered some appetizers all of which were good.  The "Handmade Mozzarella, Local Tomato and Basil with Extra Virgin Olive Oil" appetizer was fantastic.  The best mozzarella I have had since Cortona, Italy.   Not sure how they got such ripe tomatoes for this time of year.  Perhaps they have great suppliers and they get to hand pick every tomato. Our service was fantastic, from the bar tender next door (great wine and beer recommendation), to the waiter (cheerful, high energy).  We  enjoyed listened to all of the recommendations and watching the Chris Bianco chef/owner in action!  Tips: If you get there early, there is free parking.  If you get there late, you can park in public parking and they will validate your ticket (discounted rate).Since I wrote this review, the May 2009 issue of Martha Stewart's Living magazine hit the stands with a great write up of this top restaurant.  Recipes are included in this issue.
5	Still amazing, and still, Chris is an unbelievable chef.Those who grade less than 4 stars on this joint obviously have been brought up with an Applebees and Pizza Hut diet, please people, learn real FRESH food and thy will understand one day. On top of that, what chef personally thanks you at the end of the night for coming out and asking how your food was, absurd, period.PS.To avoid pissing yourself and your company off, go on a weekday round 930 or so, the waits only bout an hour :)
5	This is a great date place. My and my boy toy go here all the time. The food is delicious. All of the negative reviews on here seem to be about the waiting. That may be part of my favorite reason I love this place. It gives the chance to relax, and enjoy the people you are with before you are seated and concentrate on eating. You have to expect over an hour of waiting before you get  in, use that time wisely!! The wine bar is next door and will give you the chance to sample some good wine.
5	HOT DAMN THIS PLACE IS GOOD!  The main reason I tagged along with my hubby on his business trip to Phoenix was to make a pilgrimage to this pizza mecca -- and despite the mind-boggling lines in front of this joint, I can happily report that the 1.5 hours we spent waiting in the sizzling Phoenix sun wait was well worth it.After checking out all the reviews and reports on the epic waiting times here (reservations are only taken exactly 30 days in advance for parties of 6 or more at 5:00 pm, 6:30 pm, and 8:00 pm), we knew that we would have to camp out hours ahead to get a table at their first seating at 5:00 pm.  After eating some delicious sandwiches at Pane Bianco, we drove here at 2:00 pm and started scoping out the spot.  Seeing no one, we popped in and out of the air-conditioned museum next door until we spotted two parties already in line at 3:30 pm.  We quickly ran and took our spots for the long wait in the desert sun.  There was a Diamondbacks game letting out, so the place was soon packed with other hungry and sweaty pizza aficionados.Since we had so much time to chitchat with the other people in line, a regular let us in on his favorite items.  I was so fricking hungry and hot but everyone kept on assuring me that my patience would pay off.  How the hell do people wait for a table in the summer?Once we made it inside, we decided to order a ton.  We got the antipasto plate, Farmer's Market Salad special of the day (grapefruit with shaved fennel and parsley), and three pies (Margherita, Rosa, and Wiseguy).  The antipasto was delicious - the veggies were farm-fresh and beautifully carmelized in the wood burning oven, and the soppressata and cheese perfectly balanced them out.  My favorite part of the platter was the cannellini beans which was nicely oven-charred.  This dish contrasted well with the juicy tang of the grapefruit salad.  I was already getting full but knew that I had to grow another stomach for the main event to come.Man, our pizzas were revelatory.  The crusts were perfect -- each had a chewy, blistered edge and a crispy, paper-thin middle.  The Margherita was the best I've eaten - period.  The Wiseguy had such a delicious smokiness from the hand-cured fennel sausage, house-smoked mozzarella, and wood roasted onions.  Mmmmm mmmmm.  My favorite pie was the Rosa.  Who knew that a pizza topped with red onion, parmigiano reggiano, pistachios, and a sprinking of fresh rosemary could taste so yummy?  We left stuffed, satisfied, and happily lugging a box of leftover pizza back to our hotel.  I am already planning our next trip back to Phoenix just for the pizza -- I kid you not.
5	Ok just to preface - if you are going to pizzeria bianco, you better know you are going for the experience not just the food.  But for the record, the food - is AMAZING.  Be prepared....Yes, the wait is long.  Yea, on a Wednesday, you probably dont want to be waiting 2+ hours for a 14 dollar pizza.  But you have to respect why its this long wait exists - Chris Bianco single-handedly makes EVERY SINGLE PIZZA FRESH TO ORDER.  BY HIMSELF.  The wait is made far less worse by hitting up his 3rd business directly next door, Bar Bianco.  Its reasonably priced with 8 bucks a glass - ps you must try the moscato, its sweet but amazing.  The ambiance is calm and relaxing, just sit back with a cheese plate and a glass and enjoy. So accept it.  This man knows what he's doing - his flavors are fresh, unique, and individual.  Portions are perfect, prices are very reasonable (14 av. per pizza)  very decent wine and beer selection.  There is no dessert, but trust that you wont need it!If you live in Phoenix, you like fresh food, you WILL love bianco's greatness.
5	I'm hesitant to write a review on Bianco because no matter what I say, i'm going to sound like a broken record.  I mean, what can i possibly say that hasn't already been said a million times.  Yes, you have to wait a long time to get seated, and just when you think it's your turn, you wait some more.  Yes, the pizza is amazing, especially that crust.  Yes, Chris is a genius working that oven.  I almost want to give this place 3 stars because it's in Phoenix and not in LA.  Why?????????????
2	Ok YAROPB (yet another review of pizzeria bianco)This place is just ok...nothing to brag about, and definately not worth the 2-4 hour wait.6pm...arrived...put a table for 4 on the list7pm...hunger set in we ate cheese and had a beer next door...the cheese is by far the worst tasting cheese ever.  (but i am no fine cheese connoisseur)...beer was great8pm...did nothing...still hungry...played games 8 games of solitare and bubble breaker on cell phone9pm...sat and placed an order for 4 different pizzas9:45pm...took the first bite and thought there is nothing special about it...took a second bit and said the freshness of the ingredients was grand.  The quality of ingredients were really good.  The crust burnt, the dough tasted nothing more than naan at an indian restaurant cooked in a clay oven.  Sauce fresh tasting...cheese far better than the shit next door.10pm...got bored of the pizzas decided to try others...sadly same effect.all in all this place is okay, is it worth 3 hours...NO.  is it better than little ceasar's YES...personally BJ's Pizza and Brewery, Nello's, Oregano's, Grimaldi's, and especially Spinato's is far better, and you have less of a wait at any of these places...why the long wait then?  cause the place is tiny, maybe 25 seats, and an hour and a half to two hours dining time...plus media hypewhy the good reviews?  cause after 4 hours of hunger and or boozing even taco bell's mexican pizza would be the best thing you ever tasted that night.Needless to say Jack Bauer does more in 4 hours...and this is 4.5 hours I will never get back.
5	Okay, so... I finally hopped on the Pizzeria Bianco bandwagon, after noticing the unyielding avalanche of praise being thrown its way.(Actually, if I'm being perfectly honest, I only happened by because I went to see the Star Trek Exhibit at the Arizona Science Center - *Snort!*)I knew in advance about the insufferable wait, and it certainly appeared as described. Worse, even, than I had previously been made aware. For a sense of scale, let me simply say that I brought my Nintendo DS... and beat a game.. and started another one....and still had to wait another hour.But, Jesus Tiberius CHRIST, was the food worth it! Mind you, I had been previously assured that the pizza was delicious, but I wasn't quite aware that it would be completely unlike anything I've stuffed down my gob prior. Fresh tomatoes, fresh dough, fresh cheese, fresh seasonings, Fresh Prince (psyche!) - that's this place's secret. The tomatoes tasted like tomatoes, not some canned, processed rubbish. I could make a meal of the crust, alone.I'm not even a food snob about this sort of thing. I happily proclaim that Little Caesars' 5 1/2 dollar pizzas are some of the yummiest pies around. But this pizza is truly Ninja Turtle-worthy. Worth both the wait and the above-average price. I want to buy the guy who made it a drink - non-alcoholic, mind you, because an adult beverage might prompt him to take a break.. and we simply cannot chance that.
1	So I think it's absurd to wait four hours and get treated like shit by a snotty, hipper-than-thou "hostess" for the sake of average pizza. So sue me. Even if their pizza was the second coming, I probably still wouldn't go in protest of their rude staff with pseudocelebrity attitudes. Unfortunately, they don't have to care -- thanks to dumbshit Oprah, the masses will continue to come. That's OK -- they can have my place in line.
5	We got there early, probably an hour and a half before they opened.  Thankfully the bar next door opens an hour before.  The time went by quickly and luckily we were the last people to be sat when they opened!  The food was absolutely delicious!  I can't wait to go again!
5	In Short: Awesome Pizza, long wait but worth it.  Take a book or five, while you wait.There's nothing much I can say that haven't been said before, but I'll say it again anyway.  I loved this place, the decor was fake italian, perfect for a pizza place.  Kitchen is nice and visible, food is simple and non pretentious.  Waiters are very helpful but the hostesses are bitchy, just like NY!!!  I must confess though that I didn't have to wait more than 15 mins for a table, because I'm cool like that ;) I wish, but in reality I had reservations, and it comes free with searing looks from the rest of the folks thats been waiting in line for 3-5 hours.I really didn't bother with the menu we just asked our water to bring us his favorite combination of 8 pizzas and then enjoyed couple of bottles of wine and some antipasto (the roasted vegetable platter), which was sooooo good.  Pizza was amazing, and didn't disappoint one bit.  Ingredients were fresh, honest, and each component held it's own.  the crust was crispy and delicious, sauce was simple and non-overpowering, and the cheese was minimal, just like any good pizza joint should be.  for a place this exclusive, the price was pretty down to earth, there wasn't an item on the menu more than 17$, can't beat that.  I can see why people would give this place 1 star, because it's a pain in the ass to wait so long for just pizza, and I could see people giving it 3-4 stars just because the experience as a whole, was disappointing.  In reality this is a 5 star pizza place, with 4 star service, and 1 star for the wait, but you should at least try it out once.
3	I may be in the minority but I don't think the pizza is worth the hype...After our meeting we headed to the restaurant and started waiting @ 3:50 (we were already the 27th in line) and we made the first seating @ 5 PM.  If you can believe it the best part of the experience was waiting in line and hanging out in the front...but then again I was with my girlfriends and we were pretty positive about the wait...we also met some really cool people local and visitors.At the table the menu is pretty simple.  First we shared the mozzerella, tomato and basil salad and the Spiedini and for pizzas we ordered the Rosa, Sonny Boy and the Margherita.  All were good but - I've had better.  Maybe it's just me but the crust was ok (not perfectly chewy more on the crispy side) and burnt.  Maybe it's the best Phoenix has to offer?  But then again there were people who I met while waiting who say it's as good as the pizza they had in Italy - that's a strong compliment.If you're with friends it's not a bad wait - just make sure you visit the bar next door.
5	Want a TRUE wood fired pizza like those in Italy?  Then go to Pizzeria Bianco.  I remember when he used to be at Town & Country Mall.  Hell, I remember when he was at the back of that supermarket on Central.  If you are a fan of Papa John's pizza then this is definitely NOT the place for you.  Bravo Christoforo, sei un grande!!!
4	It was our last week living in Phoenix and we still hadn't tried Bianco. We knew this was something that absolutely had to be done before leaving or we could potentially regret it for eternity. It was now our last Saturday so why not go out with a bang-Bianco it is. We got there around 4:30 knowing based on Martha Stewart and most importantly, YELP reviewers, that we would be in for a long evening. First there was the 40 minute wait to get the name on the list. Once that phase was over we found a lovely piece of real estate at Bar Bianco to plant ourselves for what they said would be a 4 hour wait. Our party of 3 began with 1 bottle of wine, then 2 and then.....yep it had been 4 hours and we checked with the host Nazi who said it would be another hour...so...why not add a 3rd bottle of wine to the tab.. WOW By this time we were pretty faded and so extremely excited to dive into the pies. The food was astounding, service was great but the 5 hour wait was a little extreme for food. We did it right-we had the right company, we didn't go into the experience hungry, and we enjoyed bar Bianco. It really is a 'must do' when in Phoenix but I doubt it would be my regular spot since it isn't often that I have 6 spare hours (more with travel) to devote to a meal. But, for what it was, it was delectable.
4	Yes, this is good pizza. delicious crust, good toppings.  is it worth a 2-5 hour wait? No. So, find 6 people who want to go on a weekday and make a reservation (a month in advance). the pizza with pistachios is good.  try a Magherita and add prosciutto.Note on reservations: They take them exactly 1 mo in advance starting at 4pm for parties of 6+. They take only 3 every night -- the first three that call in. So, call at four on the dot.
5	The best brick-oven pizza I have ever eaten in my life.  The antipasto was out of this world as well.The downside is the long wait but it's really not that bad considering you can go next door to the bar, get some wine and appetizers, and picnic on the lawn or sit on the benches.  The staff is incredibly friendly and professional.  The whole experience is just really marvelous.The crust is so ridiculously thin.  All of the ingredients are super fresh.  The sauce is ideal.  The place is charming, almost romantic.  If I lived in the Phoenix area, I'd be a regular.  The wait is well worth the experience, ESPECIALLY if you're a "foodie."
2	The pizza was excellent...not the best in the country, however. That honor should go to Via Tribunali in Seattle. The crust was perfect, the biancoverde pizza our favorite. Why 2 stars? We arrived at 5:45 p.m. on a blistering 113 degree Saturday night and were told we would be seated in 2-3 hours. Ok. Not great, but ok. The scam is that you have to wait at their bar next door or be forced to check in every hour. By their time calculations we should have been seated around 8:15 p.m. Guess when we sat down to dinner, folks? 9:30 p.m. We spent that time spending $$ in their not-so-well-cooled bar with not very many seats. Nice way to get 2 tabs out of one evening, restaurant owners! Once we were seated in the actual restaurant, we also sat at a bar. We love bar seating--however, this bar has one side with leg room, the other side has no leg room. Our awesome luck continuing, I was wearing a skirt, and guess which side we were seated at? It was not a good arrangement. Their waiters didn't feel like waiters, more like expediters working the floor. After suffering through the indignity of an outrageously long wait, one of these expediters didn't approach us for another 10 minutes. Now it's 9:40-ish. Finally we get service, which was on the gruff side. I still can't sit at the bar quite right, so when a couple leaves the other side of the bar (the side that has leg room), I approach the manger to see if we can move. Perhaps a tiny victory, but a victory nonetheless. We spend the next 20 minutes talking about the very good pizza in an set up that hucks the bucks from those who wait...and everyone does. Even though we enjoyed the pizza, we won't be going back. Tip: the bald bartender said their slowest season/slowest nights were May-September, Wednesdays and Thursdays. If you must, go once to get it out of your system. If you're a glutton for punishment, then you have found your favorite new restaurant.
3	I know this is a Phoenix landmark, but I just don't see what all the fuss is about. Perhaps my Chicago deep-dish background made me bias, but a 3-hour wait for run-of-the-mill thin crust pizza? The starter plates weren't that great either as we waited another 45 minutes, after being seated at the bar, for our food to come out. Don't get me wrong, I knew there would be a wait as the restaurant is notorious for it. I just expected an amazing, out of this world pizza for that kind of time.
3	This place is living proof that hunger is the best chef.The best thing in this place is the bread. I actually had to buy one of their breads to take home.The Pizza was very good but that is based on being starved for 2 hours before finally getting a table.
5	When I hand out a 5 star review, it pretty much needs to be at the top of my list in that dining category. Chris Bianco earns this! It's really hard to explain why anyone would wait 5 hours for a Pizza. All I can say is try it out on a night where you have nothing to do but drink wine with your family and friends, let your anticipation build for several hours, and judge for yourself. There's a reason The Wall Street Journal heralded this as the best Pizza joint in The WORLD.
5	This was definitely the best pizza I have ever experienced and I have had great pizza in LA, NY, and various cities in Italy. I came to AZ for four days and I ended up eating here two of those days. I waited over 2 hours the first time and four hours the second time. It was well worth the wait. All of the ingredients were the best quality, the crust was thin yet soft, and the bread was awesome. I ended up trying four different pizzas and all were amazing. The wait is bearable if you drink at the bar next door or the English pub across from it. You can call at intervals to check back for the approximate wait time, so you can venture out pretty much anywhere in the area while you wait. Just make sure to get there a 1/2 hour before you get called in. And make sure you go with people you enjoy hanging out with for more than a short while!
4	Man! Good times, good times.  I don't remember the pizza but I figure it was good. Expected to wait several hours and wasn't wrong, so we went next door a enjoyed beverages.  I'm a skinny fellow and 4 bottles of wine later I had PIZZA. Usually don't eat before 8 so the wait didn't matter for hunger's sake, it was the wine that took the toll.  Either way I remember a quite fellow tossing pizzas and thanking everyone that entered his store.  I appreciated it and will go back again.
5	Why I feel the need to update my review on Bianco is beyond me, but after tonight I ended up more impressed and, even more satisfied with every visit.This place is amazing, absolutely amazing... so humble yet so in tune with the kitchen and customers it would blow an entire 15 mile radius of chains out of business, if it hasn't already. I've looked over the reviews and the number one thing people seem to have an issue with is the wait time. All I can say is, don't go here hungry or in a HURRY, and for god's sake go near CLOSING time if you really want to indulge here, who the hell really wants to wait 2+ hours for dinner at PRIME hour, I sure as hell don't!!! Another issue I've noticed is that the staff is "snotty, hipster or too cool for themselves".Not true at all, c'mon now people...You can't take your "I'M ENTITLED TO EVERYTHING AT THIS MINUTE" attitude to a restaurant with one man in the kitchen, go to Chili's if your in such a hurry and save us all real foodies the headache and best produce :) Kudos Bianco!
4	I don't know that I can add much to what I has already been shared so I'll just say this.Wise Guy = Damn good pizza
4	It's all been said before, but I'll give it my shot. But first: Get this straight: I was drug down here against my will. I had no desire to wait 2+ hours for ANY pizza, never mind one that's served with a side of attitude (that was what I expected after reading all the reviews).Here's what I learned. The place next door (also owned by the Bianco's) has a good selection of wine, beer, bottled waters and soda. None of the "Big 3" breweries either, to my relief. Nice micro stuff. It's small. It's much cooler than standing outside. It's easy to spend a bunch of money while you wait for the restaurant to call over and let you know your table is ready. Note that you still have to stand in line initially to get "on the list" for Pizza seating, but you can send someone in to get beverages and tables while someone stands in line next door.Pizzeria itself is small (obvious from the other reviews n'est pas?). Our wait staff was quick and friendly - no troubles with the hostess either. Food is awesome, although I don't think the mozzarella is "all that" like some would have you believe. After all -fresh mozzarella is pretty easy to make yourself. Google it, if you don't believe me. Anyway, we all 4 had different pizzas. I went Margherita with garlic because I didn't want my thin crust all weighed down with stuff - I wanted to see what the place really had as far as sauce and crust, so that's really the best way to go. Others loaded up. All were extremely satisifed. Was it worth 2 hours and $150+ between pizza, apps and drinks? That's a hard call, and the reason I gave this 4 stars...which I really wanted to be 3.75 but Yelp doesn't do fractions. Now, to check out Grimaldi's and see if their simulated NY water machine makes any difference to AZ water and its inclusion in a dough.
5	The critics are right, this is the best pizza in the country.  It's all about the crust, and Chris Bianco has perfected his pizza crust.  Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside (almost fluffy without the volume).  My husband and I got there at 4:45 (opens at 5 and seats around 50).  There was already a line and we were number 55, so we had to go next door and wait about 45 minutes for a table.  The bar next door is a charming old house and has great wine and beer.  We nibbled on some olives and had a couple of glasses of wine.  When they are ready for you, the bartender/waitress brings you your credit card and bill, which has already been run and takes you next door.  It was nice that our credit card had already been run because I didn't want to wait another minute.  We had great seats at the bar with a great view of the entire dining room and Chris making the pizzas.  We got the caprese salad and pizza margarita and the pizza with fennel sausage and carmelized onions.  Both were amazing.  Can't wait to go back.  My advice is to go early during the week and be prepared to wait.
5	To start, I'd like to point out that Pizzeria Bianco did not make the claim of having the best pizza in the country (to my knowledge); it was made by others.   Regardless, I thought it was a bold statement.  I mean, who could possibly say that about pizza?  Pizza is so subjective (i.e. deep dish, thin crust, grilled, electric oven, brick oven, etc.), and you can't possibly satisfy everyone with one type of pizza.Well, curiosity still managed to get the best of me, so I convinced two of my friends to drive 5 1/2 hours with me to Phoenix to find out for myself.  (As an FYI, we did go to a few other restaurants on that day-long trip.  Just wanted to make that clear so you don't think I was entirely crazy for driving that far to check out just one joint.)We got to PB around 6pm and I gave the hostess my name.  "It'll be a 3 1/2 hour wait," she casually informed me.  She smiled, but she didn't blink.  She didn't give off even the slightest impression that she felt bad that we'd have to wait so long for pizza (in 110+ degree Arizona heat, mind you).  It's nothing short of crazy that we are living in an era where pizza-in-under-thirty-minutes has been replaced by pizza-in-three-hours.  I guess if I had to think of anything positive about waiting that long is that you can go next door to their bar, go across the way to The Rose and Crown and shoot pool or just befriend others who are just as crazy as you are for waiting that long for pizza.Having said all that, here is my review:The ambience is really nice.  It's dimly-lit to create a romantic environment for couples, or just a peaceful dining experience if you're with friends.The country bread, as simple as it looks, is really good, especially when you dip it in the olive oil (add salt and pepper).Finally, the pizzas were... AMAZING.  We had built up our expectations so much that by the time we got the order, we were positive we would be disappointed.  But with the first bite, we knew our trip was not made in vain.  It was completely worth it.  And that's saying a lot since I'm a die-hard deep dish guy.  To say these were thin would be an understatement; sometimes you could see through the pizza because it was so thin.  Sonny Boy - The amount of tomato sauce and the fresh ingredients went perfectly together.  Though I'm not a fan of salami, the pieces on this pizza created a party in my mouth.  So rich.  So good.Wise Guy - No tomato sauce on this (note that half of the pizzas on the menu do not have tomato sauce), but the onions, mozzarella and sausage were amazing as well, just bursting with flavor.  Yes, bursting.   So... was it worth the drive?  To be honest, I think even if it didn't meet the hype, the experience would have been worthwhile.  I mean, come on, you only live once.  Why not do a few out-of-the-ordinary things occasionally?  Fortunately for us, Bianco's was outstanding and definitely worth driving out for.  Mr. Bianco, you get 5 stars from me because your pizzas are my favorite in the country.
2	Let me preface a few things just so we're clear as to where I'm coming from. 1. I'm from Chicago, so deep dish is where it's at, though that doesn't mean I lack the ability to appreciate a good slice when I have one, no matter the style. But pizza is pizza, and good pizza is easy to recognize.  2. This place is so hyped-up, it's difficult not to expect some very delicious food, so as you can tell by my rating, it did not meet expectations. 3. I do enjoy hatin' on things, but in reviews, I try to keep a relatively civil and open mind and give the benefit of the doubt where I can. That said, let's begin... I can only think of one word to describe Pizzeria Bianco (obvious as it may be): Overrated. I'm pretty sure the popularity of this place lies in its' exclusivity. A sense of snobbery, but its' accessible to the average Joe with 3+ hours to kill. We arrived one evening a month so back. It was a bit of a going-away party with my fiance and I, and two of our closest friends. We knew the place was popular, so were prepared to wait. After putting our names in (if I recall, it was around 6 or so when we did such), and told of our three-hour-tour of a wait, we decided to head next door. I was told the "bar" next door was owned by the same folks, so we thought why not make it a Bianco-evening. Upon entrance to the "bar," which is basically the waiting area for patient patrons, we discovered that this place was also full to the brim. Also, I should note that I keep using quotes around the word bar because they only had a few beers on tap, and a wine list. Neither of those things strikes a fancy with me, though as a self proclaimed alcoholic, I'll drink what's available. The issue though, was still that the place was packed. After some deliberation, and a great backup plan from my fiance, we actually decided to go across the way to the British pub (Rose and Crown I believe; awesome place too, but that's a different review). After several rounds of drinks and pool, we figured our three-hour wait was about up (it was actually a little over even). We moseyed our way back over to Bianco, and proceeded to wait another half hour or so. Finally, around 9:30 or so, we were inside and seated, fortunately enough, in my own seat and not the next patron's lap. This place is tiny (remember, exclusivity). A quarter of the restaurant is the "kitchen" with the brick oven for the pizzas. Great! We can watch our pizzas come out of the oven; finally some promise... Speaking of the food, we ordered an appetizer of prosciutto wrapped asparagus with mozzarella cheese. I hate to spoil the review early (if you can call this early), but this was the highlight of the meal, and to be honest, what doesn't taste good wrapped in prosciutto (or bacon). A bottle of wine for the table, and four ordered pizzas later, we were ready for the main-course. If you're still reading, then you know this is all down hill. Thin crust? I knew that was coming, and I'm fine with it. Surprisingly small, I think we managed to fit all four pizzas on our table without space concerns, so I'm thinking these were probably 12" or so (14" maybe?). I'm a carnivore, so I required that the pizzas we ordered contained meat, which 3 of the 4 did. Don't get me wrong, I like veggies too, but they're only part of a well rounded meal. We ordered: The Rosa, The Wiseguy, The Sonny Boy and The Biancoverde. Now I'm going to say that if you hand-cook each of your pizzas (as I was told the owner does), I would think you could manage to not send them out black on the bottom, especially after thousands of practices prior to these four. Maybe I'm not hip to how they do it in Italy, but I'm not a fan of carbon-flavored pizza crust, which all of our pizzas were. As for the top-side of the pies, they were lacking in the flavor department. Now I don't want to sit here and slam the place outright, so I will give them this: These were some of the freshest ingredients I've seen in a restaurant, which was very nice. The caveat though is that you need to support these star ingredients (fresh cheeses and veggies and meats) with some good spices, or at least aromas, both of which were M.I.A.  I can appreciate a minimalist approach, but this was bare-bones ingredient-listing.Bianco is definitely not worth the time or the effort. In all actuality, you could take a pizza-cooking class, swing by the store on your way home, pick up some fresh ingredients, and cook the thing yourself (and add your own flavors to boot) in the same amount of time you would wait, sit down, eat and leave. I would have at least thought that being relatively hammered, everything would have tasted good, but alas, that wasn't the case. Save yourself the hassle, get bombed and cook your own pizza; at least you'll have a more-fun 3+ hours.
5	Hands down the best pizza I've ever had! Great atomsphere! One of my favorite places to eat!  Only downside is the wait. The bar  serves appetizers and drinks while you wait which helps but odds are you will still have about 2 hours to kill. Eating here is definately an evening affair, but well worth it!
5	For some reason, that pizza was the best I've ever had. I don't know whether it was the wine or the atmosphere that made the food taste so good. Whatever it was, great stuff and alot of great things that come from that place.Arrivederci biacno! See ya next time!
5	I don't have much differnt than the other 200 reviews. The pizza is amazing, the antipasto always changes and the wait is horrible. Here is a good tip for a fun night out. Go on a Wednesday, put your name on the list, then head over to the Art Museum (it is open till 9 on and FREE on Wednesdays). By the time you get back from the museum your table should be ready.
5	I don't know what to say, so I won't ruin it with alot of un-necessary words.Try this place at least once.  The pizza is awesome.  The fresh mozzarella is to die for.  The olive oil could be sipped in a wine glass.  The list goes on....similar to LGO, CIBO, the PARLOR, humble pie, Spacca Napoli (chicago) etc
5	It's been several months since my last visit and I still recall the flavors of the individual ingredients on my pizza.  Amazing!  (ummmm, especially after polishing off a bottle of wine or two while waiting).There's a reason I won't go here more than once a year or so.  I refuse to wait several hours to be seated at any restaurant. It makes no sense for the customer that Bianco won't take reservations.  Our only recourse.... follow the advice of others here and go find a better way to spend your waiting time than spending money on wine and appetizers.But seriously, the pizza is amazing and memorable.
4	My friend ordered it while we were across the street at the Rose and Crown. It was made in like 20 minutes, so I guess we didn't have to wait that long. The bartender at Rose and Crown was nice and said my friend could eat it in the bar. He gave her a slice. The dude did not order cheese on the pizza. I thought the crust was nice and wafer like. They did an alright job on the sauce. It isn't pasty or anything. My friend didn't put cheese on the thing so I really can't give you a good review because it was missing one of the key ingredients. The bread and sauce were good though. Who knows what else the taste combination could turn out to be? I wouldn't want to wait around for it, unless I really had nothing to do and wanted to just waste time and ponder.
2	Just hoping next time...I actually get to eat : /
4	this place pissed me off.why I am giving it 4 stars? well Im not sure. It is more like 3 1/2.  Yes the pizza is that good.  I found there sauce to be some of the best I have ever had.  Why does the wait have to be 3 hours though? There is no need for it.  I know it creates a stir, and it is something to talk about and people have talked about it... but it is bullshit.  Open tables in front of the place outdoors and you cant sit and eat out there?  WTF??I would go back, and I am sure I will.  But it is bullshit.  Great pizza, crummy concept.
3	I ate here a couple of years ago and fortunately I had some friends who got there early and I only had to wait an hour. An hour for me is like three hours. If I go to a restaurant and the wait is 30 minutes I'll go somewhere else. When I am hungry I want to eat right away! But I heard amazing things about Pizzeria Bianco so I had to try it out. I think the atmosphere was cute. It was my first time eating in a restaurant that used to be a house so I thought that was really cool. When I tried the pizza I wasn't blown away but it was good. At least I can say I've been to Bianco but I am not sure I would go back considering Cibo is right down the street and serves the same kind of pizza without the torture.
5	The CS guys rock!. Table for 10 and only 1hr waiting!! We went without reservations, just to try and EUREKA! we made it. It was worth to try it and taste all the good flavors of their pizzas. We shared Rosa (by far my favorite), Sonny boy and ...name is gone. All tasty and well done. Pizza is not very large, so if you are looking the thick dough and greasy pizza for 1 dollar, forget it. A one time event, as I don't think I would wait again so much for this pizza...after all, good things are best kept in your mind :)
5	Although I agree that it is ridiculous to wait 3-4 hours to get a damn pizza, I without hesitation admit that this was a DAMN GOOD PIZZA.  We got there around 7:30 on a Friday night and were seated by 10:30.  We went to the wine bar next door that Bianco owns and hung out for those three hours.  It's really not too bad a wait if you have bevvies, a cheese plate, and good convo.  Plus, the hostess comes from Bianco comes over to the bar to let you know your table is ready - a big plus. We had the Sonny Boy and the plain cheese (I forget the name), as well as the "house" salad (also forget the name, but it was the basic one).  Everything people have said is true - the ingredients are sooooo fresh and the flavors melt together extremely well.  Plus, being Italian and from the east coast, I am a huge fan of thin-crust pizza - I haaaate thick, soggy, greased-up pizza.  Bianco makes his pizza crust paper-thin so that you can actually enjoy the flavors of the toppings and cheese rather than be chewing on a french baguette.  It's definitely worth checking out, but do not go there when you are starving, have a snack first - the wait will kill you.
5	I would have to write a song about this place to accurately convey my feelings for it.Got there 20 minutes after the doors opened, and still had a 3 hour wait.I would have waited longer.....
3	I would give it 5 stars if it were not for the 3+ hr wait.  If you're into masochism, then this is the place for you because you'll be rewarded with some amazing pizza after 3 hrs of pure torture.  Goto Grazie in Scottsdale instead for a pizza that's nearly as good and an ambiance that blows Bianco away!!
2	We finally bit the bullet and decided to wait for dinner at Pizzeria Bianco. I was disappointed. No, I was angry at how bad an experience it was.I won't be so naive as to complain about the wait, we went knowing it would be a long wait, and arriving at 4:45, we were told it would be 3.5 to 4 hours. No big surprise there. Luckily we were actually sat at 7:45, so that was nice. The market salad was great, a super light vinaigrette, super fresh escarole greens and nicely shaved parmigiano reggiano. The Antipasto was amazing as well, with roasted vegetables and olives and sopressata. So far I was very pleased with my meal.Then came the pizza. We ordered the Wiseguy, and added mushrooms and garlic.Now I've had thin crust pizza cooked in a wood fired oven before, but I have NEVER had it be not only undercooked in the center but completely sopping wet. We're talking grab the crust and pull a slice to your place and only get 2 inches of actual pizza, with the rest of the mush still in the center of the plate. Ok, so its a little undercooked, big deal right?Wrong. So wrong. The sausage must have been sitting next to the anchovies (which I like) because the sausage slices on half of the pizza tasted like  bait chum smells. If you've ever been to a harbor, and smelled that rotting fish carcass smell, imagine how that would taste and you'll understand. My wife apparently lucked out and didn't get any pieces with that taste because she said it was fine. I was not so lucky. When she had a leftover slice the next day though she got a taste of that and literally lost her lunch.I'm a VERY forgiving type with restaurants, but I am not ok with waiting 3 hours to feast on undercooked rotted fish tasting pizza. I've never been angry about a dining experience before now, but that's the only way I can describe this debacle.I may give it another chance, but only after I've simmered for a while.
5	I challenge you to find another pizzeria half as good as Pizzeria Bianco. After reading a few of the reviews on here about this place, I really am quite surprised. I have been here MANY times before and never once would I have given my pizza less than 9.5/10. Each pizza is handmade by the owner and baked in a stone, wood-fired oven. Who could ask for more?There seem to be a few people that don't understand the hours of waiting required to get a taste. Considering the entire building (including kitchen) is likely under 1000 sq ft, I think Bianco and his staff do an impeccable job at keeping things moving along. Sadly, they even have an entire additional building next door used just as a bar/waiting room. If you hear or read about people complaining of the wait, I would probably file these people under "scrooges."
3	After hearing about this place so much... As much as we love food we needed to tried... luckily we only waited about an hour... and to be honest I don't know if it is worth it to wait that long for a pizza... at the end I wanted something sweet but SURPRISE...they don't serve dessert... just a suggestion... maybe a scoop of lemon sorbet with the check will be an amazing idea... what do you think??? Overall was okay....
4	We went down to phoenix on a road trip to Sedona and Grand Canyon to try this famous pizza. It was a 360 miles detour for Pizza.We got there 4:40PM and waited in line for 20 minutes for the place to open to put our name down on the list. After that, we waited another hour and 40 minutes to be seated. Total wait time was 2 hours.We were sat at the bar because we said we would take first available seat. It turned out to have the waiter in front of you which means real good service.We ordered Antipasto, tomato and mozzarella salad, Magharita pizza, and Wiseguy pizza. After we ordered, the waiter asked us if we've been there before because we ordered the best things on the menu which made me feel pretty good.Well, the moment of truth to justify our big detour to try this pizza place finally came when they delivered all this food we ordered. Antipasto was very good, the grilled vegetable was so fresh and sweet. Tomato and mozzarella was excellent, the fresh mozzarella was so good. The pizza which we drove 6 hours and waited 2 hours for??? Were they good?? Yes! they were very good. The crust was the best we ever had. It was light, fluffy, crispy and thin. The sauce on Magharita was so tasty. And you know what? they were not even made by the famous chef Chris Bianco. That's right, we saw him only briefly for couple minutes and he went hiding for most of the time we were dining.During the dinner, we heard one patron sitting at the bar asked the guy next to him "was it worth it?" If he had asked me, I would've said "no". The truth is pizza was very good, but for us to travel this far plus long wait and hoping to get some "to die for" pizza was too high of an expectation. I would not do this ever again, unless I happened to be in Phoenix and there is no wait.
5	I've got to say I was a skeptic that this pizza was as amazing as I had heard BUT it was proven wrong. ***Spiandini appetizer is literally to die for!***I was in Phoenix for business last week and this was on our list of must-haves. Being a resident of Chicago, home of the deep-dish pizza and raised in northeastern NJ, home of the thin crust, I've been spoiled. I also spent 10 days in Italy and ate pizza just about every single day in search for the "best" in the various cities. Pizza is my favorite food hands-down. Five of us went - waited, and waited, and waited and planned out our strategy - we would all order one of their specialty pizzas. We rotated so we could all try a slice. The only one we didn't get was the marinara one. Slice after slice - despite its appearance - was literally better than the next. I was so pleased with them all and so stuffed at the end. I recommend going with a group so you can savor all the specialities - and I really wouldn't detract too much from how they make it. Some of the topping combinations sounded a bit strange - but trust me - they know what they're doing at Pizzeria Bianco. We also got some appetizers which were amazing too. Service was topnotch, wine list was great, wait was long, but you need to prepare/plan for that like we did. If you have a party of six or more call way in advance for a reservation...at least 4 weeks. Thank god I do not live in Phoenix because I would be here weekly! Thanks for a great evening of yummy pizza!
4	The wait is ridiculous!  We got there after a ball game had finished (big mistake).... 4 1/2 hour wait!!! (which tells you that its damn good :)  (best to get a group together of 6-10 people & make a reservation)The separate "bar bianco" is very charming and is a nice place to wait... or there are museums close by to pass the time. Great pizza!!!!   They need a bigger place and more chefs to accommodate their customers, but I heard there is only one chef because he is the only one that knows the recipes.... overall = YUMMY!   But LONG wait. (thats the only reason they didn't get 5 stars)
5	I'm going to keep this short and sweet. The pizza is delicious and the wait is ridiculously long. However, I look back now and I do think it was worth the wait. Would I do it again? Maybe once a year. We got there at 5:20 p.m. (20 minutes after opening) and there was already a 3.5 hour wait. Well, we stuck it out and three hours later we were stuffing our faces with five different kinds of pizza. My favorite, although they were all delicious, was Biancoverde and the close second was Rosa. The wait time they give you is not an exaggeration, so come prepared with friends to talk to, parched to drink wine, or with a book to read.
1	It truly pains me to have to write this review of what I would otherwise consider an excellent establishment, but recent events prevent me from recommending this restaurant to anyone.Yes, this may be a bit of a rant, so in an attempt to be balanced, let me offer a little perspective.Pizzeria Bianco was one of the first places that I ate at when I moved to Phoenix earlier this year. The food is very good. The service is good, but I was immediately aware that the business model is very flawed, in that I have never waited for less than 90 minutes for a table. It is true that you can pass the time quickly in the adjacent wine bar, and I have done so on many occasions. The wine selection is above average, and the environment is pleasant.However, the business manager (owner Chris Bianco's ex-wife) is a truly miserable human being (ask any of her employees), and her imprint on the approach to customer service at the restaurant is unmistakable. The management believes that there is absolutely no incentive to provide anything resembling an enjoyable experience for their patrons because there are unlimited numbers of people who will wait upwards of 4 hours for their signature wood-fired pizzas.As a fan of excellent food, I do appreciate their attention to detail and excellent craft. But the consistent manner in which I see loyal customers disrespected and outright abused is completely unacceptable.While I do love their pizza and antipasto (which is not, irreplaceable I might add), after many months of consistent patronage, I cannot recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	If you dont already know that you're going to wait then you must not know what you're getting yourself into.  Don't complain about, because we've all told you.  This is the place that you go to if you are a person who appreciates good food, therefore, it takes time.  Dough is simple, but cooked to perfection with the perfect balance of ingredients that puts it all together.  We had the wise guy and the fennel sausage is sooo good.  So, if you have time, it's worth the wait.  If you walk around downtown or something, the wait doesn't seem so bad.
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food7 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueBecause of the unGODly waits, I just can't recommend this place.  And there's nothing (major) I think they should change besides some gruff service created by their desire to turn tables in the wake of such pressing demand, it's just that why would you wait 2-3 hours for this pizza when you can get equally as good stuff with no wait over at Cibo?  If Cibo had showed up on TV instead of Bianco, the roles would be reversed, but it didn't, ironically making Cibo the best pizza place in Phoenix.
1	Its official, Biancos has "jumped the shark".  We used to eat at his place when he was in a strip mall on Camelback and watched his business "grow" to what it is now.   I jokingly say "grow" because he probably has less tables now than he did before.  The only difference is that he didnt have a wine bar to send his customers to wait for 2 hours.If you've been to Biancos then you already know the game but for those who dont, here goes:1. You won't get in unless you stand outside for about 90 minutes before they open.  (Please)2. If you get there when they open, you'll be waiting for 2 hours. (Please)3. To make your 2 hour wait better he has a wine bar, which miraculously accommodates all the people he cant seat, where you will probably spend over $100 in booze as you wait.  Sort of like the beverage equivalent of the slot machines in the Vegas airport.4. When you jump through all those hurdles, you'll get some awesome food.  You'll also notice that he only has a few tables which is why the wait is so long.  I can appreciate the fact that he wants to maintin the quality of his food, resulting in limited production but is it "all that"?  For outside visitors with time on their hands it's probably worth it to go once and check the box.  For locals like me, go somewhere else.  For smart locals, start another, larger pizza place across the street;
4	So this is what happened... Everyone that I meet is telling me about this goo goo gaga pizza restaurant down in Phoenix called, Pizzeria Bianco.  So I finally decided (after living in Phoenix for 2 years and some time) to go check out this crib out.  My first impression walking into this house was wow it's nice and cozy.  The hostess was very attentive and gave me a smiling greeting (that doesn't make sense but deal with it).  She said it would be a 20 min wait and I was in shock.  People were telling me that the waiting list was usually 1-2 hours, sometimes 3.  But let me tell you a little secret.  People are dumb and they go eat out on a Thurs-Sat nights.  Guess what people do on those nights?  They go eat out... SOOO to give you some advice, go eat out on a mon, tues, or wed and stop complaining about the wait time.Well I ordered a margarita pizza and some sparkling water.  The pizza came out and I didn't go wooo lala or WOW amazing or 0_0.  It's only a pizza.  I took the first bite and it tasted like good pizza.  That's the only thing it tastes like... good pizza.  So I don't understand why people go crazy over this place.  It's only pizza.. But ya my meal was great and I left happy..THE END
5	It is definetely worth the wait. We got there at 4:00 and got in on the first round at 5:00. We sat down and ordered. The pizzas on the menu were absolutely unique and only could be found there. The pizzas we ordered were top quality and delicious. 1 pizza can be eaten by 2 people. Will go there again.
5	There probably isn't much I can say that previous reviews haven't already! But I can assure you that it's worth the wait. Of course if you don't want to wait you could just take five of your closest friends and make a reservation. Reservations for parties of 6 or more are welcome. However, if any member of your party is late consider your reservation null and void. Don't blame them - there are others outside that have been waiting hours for a table. But seriously worth the wait. Chris Bianco tosses all the crusts himself! The ingredients are always fresh! It's best to go with a group so that you can order multiple pies and try them all. I'm also a very big fan of their grilled veggie appetizer - it's marinated to perfection!Don't let the wait scare you off! The adjacent wine bar has great prices and it's a nice wait splitting a bottle of wine on a picnic table outside!
5	Great service & food. We got there before 4pm & got a drink from the bar next door and waited til 5 for restaurant to open.  At 5, they opened and took first 44 people in to sit down. We sat at the counter. Had Spiedini appetizer, caprese salad, house greens, wise guy & marghuerita pizzas. They gave great Italian bread also. Food and service was excellent! If you want the best in fresh pizza, you have to try this- one of the best ever....their reputation is well deserved! Get there early or you will wait a long time......
3	I've been meaning to try this place for the past several years, but have been put off by the wait time. Last night (Friday), my friend (a former Phx resident) was back in town for a quick visit and wanted for us to finally try out Pizzeria Bianco. We put our name down around 8:30pm and were surprised to hear the wait was only about 1hr 15mins -1hr 30. We went next door to the bar (which was super cute, btw!) and chatted over a bottle of wine. Right when we started to get really hungry, we were notified that our table was ready. Yay.. time to find out what all the hype is about! Since there were 6 of us, we decided we'd order 1 of each pizza so we could try it all. However, once the waiter came to take our orders, we all changed up our orders. After about 10-15mins or so, out came our pizzas. Well, 5ish of the 6. I say, "5ish," because the 6th one was really really burnt (whereas ours were just "really burnt") and the waiter said another one would be made and ready in 2 mins. We all hungrily waited for the last pizza to come out and when it finally did, we dug in. I dont know if it's bc we waited a few mins or what, but all of our pizzas were soggy. That combined w/ the burntness made for a very bleh pizza. While it wasn't horrible, I dont see how it could get all the hype and 5 stars that it does. Since the ingredients were really fresh, the wait wasn't as bad as anticipated, PB (and the bar) have a cute cozy atmosphere and the service was good, I'd be willing to give it another try.. but definitely not if the wait is any more than 1.5hrs.
3	is there anything worth waiting 5 hours for? that's a pretty tall order to ask of anything, but somehow my friends and i were suckered into thinking pizzeria bianco might be.the pizza is decent, but not the mind-blowing orgasmic experience i expected. i tried a slice of the wiseguy (delicious fennel sausage, less then amazing onions) and a slice of the rosa (interesting concept putting pistachios on a pizza, but the red onions were a bit too sweet) - but i'd take grimaldi's in brooklyn over this any day and the wait there never even came close to 5 hours. i left with an overwhelming feeling of, "well, now i know"... but the sad thing is: i doubt this mediocre review is going to stop anyone else from just having to go see what all the hype is about.
4	My parents and I visited this place early in December and I completely forgot to check it out on Yelp for a review. But the Gods were with me and the timing was right (lucky), and we got in first seating at 5 p.m. I had seen the place years ago during a Monday Night Football game between the Bears and Cardinals. You know, the Dennis Green meltdown game. ABC showed video of the dining room as a bumper for commercials, saying it was named best pizza in America, and I imagined it to be a much larger place.We arrived around 4pm on a Friday and found 20 people lingering outside. By 4:30 the line was down to the Bar Bianco building, which is about another 30 or so people deep. I'm sure everyone is familiar with this issue, so I'll skip to the part where we were the last table seated. Super lucky again.I've had the Neapolitan pizza before at a place called Spacca Napoli in my hometown, Chicago. While they are very similar, Bianco's has an edge in the toppings department. The Margherita had great tomato flavor and the cheese was certainly one-of-a-kind. Basil was fresh, green and spicy. Some people find the classic pizza to be not to their liking, or generic, but to sell this pizza chefs have to adhere to certain traditions, including using imported flour, oil and an internship in Naples. It's like a flat-bread on steroids. It's not perfect and generally the middle is a little floppy. If you know this going in, it helps.Probably wouldn't repeat because I can get it at home way easier, although Spacca Napoli gets real busy in the summer. Overall the experience was awesome, and a handshake from the owner/chef, Chris Bianco, on the way out sealed the deal. You just can't discount that kind of personal attention.
4	The Longest Wait for Food...Pizzeria Bianco was voted #1 pizza in America.  Being NY pizza die-hards, a few of my friends and I decided to check it out while visiting a friend in Arizona.We had expected a wait but never expected it to be 3+ hours!   We waited about an hour to put our name on the list and they said it was going to be a couple of hours.  Rather than hanging around, we decided to make use of the time shopping nearby.  We called back after an hour and they said to check in again an hour later.  We checked in again and they said we should come back to the Pizzeria.  After we got back, we hung out at the quaint wine bar next door and waited some more. After what seemed like an eternity, we finally got seated.  We shared 3 pies -- the wiseguy fennel sausage, margherita and bianco verde.  It may be because we were famished beyond hunger by then but the pizza was very good.  The ingredients were fresh and the pies were piping hot.  We decided to get 2 more pies to go...to justify the long wait.  :)I've never waited so long for food and doubt I will do it again even though it was good. For me, DI FARA in Brooklyn NY [http://www.yelp.com/biz/di-fara-pizza-brooklyn] is still my FAVORITE ANYWHERE...and the wait is not as long.
1	People of Phoenix,Are there no other pizza joints in your city to continue supporting mediocre food establishment with an ego-maniac owner, bunch of open container violations (I highly doubt cops would be ok with folks taking out beers out on the street), and quite frankly a pie most NY style joints can beat?Seriously! We had to wait over an hour on a WEEKDAY to find out we will have to wait 4.5+ HOURS!!!!! for some overhyped pizza.I got this to say to the owner - wake the f**k up and get off the pedestal. You are serving f-ing pizza. I can make better one with dough from Trader Joes!
2	I must've gone on Bizarro night.  The blonde hostess others seem to fear and loathe was very nice and pleasant.The food looked delicious, and came out quickly, but was way too salty.  Bordering on inedible.  I was excited for the cheese/prosciutto appetizer, but couldn't finish it.   The pizza was equally salty, and to make matters worse- the center was soggy and the outside was blackened.   Didn't finish that either.   Maybe I went on an off night?  Bottom line: definitely doesn't live up to the hype.Oh- and as for the wait....it was about 90minutes, which was expected (Monday at 5:30pm).
5	BEST PIZZA i have ever tasted. Couple things you must understand about this place. DO NOT COME HERE HUNGRY. Why. You will be waiting a couple hours. Me recommendation is to arrive 2.5 hours before they open and make sure you make the first cut off, if not you will be waiting for another 3 hours. They also have my favorite drink you cant find anywhere these days. Bubble Up. My recommendations: Capresse sonny boy margarita
5	Yes it's the best in Phoenix and probably well beyond Arizona, too.  The sausage "Wise Guy" pizza is a national treasure.  We heard a rumor that they bring in the NY water. It starts with the home made materials and the chef does it right. Arrive by 4pm and you'll likely be in the first seating at 5.  Hardest working pizza chef needs a statue built for him.  Highly recommended.
5	In short: Waited 2 1/2 hours for the best pizza I've ever had. The wine bar next door has $4 Hop Knots: highly recommended.For the Value: 5 Big Fat Stars (my boyfriend & I spent $45 together for our whole meal)Plan for next time: someone gets us on the list and we all hang out at my house (10 minutes away) having wine and appetizers, playing Apples to Apples while we wait. 'Twil be good times. =)
2	First some background for context. One of the two of us who contributed to this review is of 100% Italian heritage and grew up in an Italian neighborhood in NY. Pizzeria Bianco was recommended to us by another couple who are long time friends, who used to live in Paradise Valley and who ate at Bianco frequently. They are "foodies" whose judgement in food we trust and the husband is also a native New Yorker with 100% Italian heritage. So, when they highly recommended Bianco, we were looking forward to great pizza. And since great pizza is among the world's most perfect food, we didn't even mind the long wait we knew would be a part of eating at Bianco. BUT...well, we felt completely duped by this experience. The pizza just was not that good. And it certainly wasn't good enough to justify the nearly two hour wait for a table. Even if that wait was made easier by being able to sit outside on a lovely Arizona evening while enjoying a good glass of wine from the wine bar next door and getting to meet a nice family of New Yorkers, also with Italian heritage, who had come all the way from Queens to try Pizzeria Bianco. We went in for our table ahead of them. On our way out, as they were eating their pizzas and we had finished ours, the father gestured with a big "thumbs down" and we said we agreed. I guess it made us feel better because we felt very much like the little boy in the story of the Emperor who has no clothes who, while all others are admiring the Emperor's finery, cries out "But he's nude!" The good news is the salad that started off the meal was delightfully fresh and dressed just right with a lovely vinaigrette. The pizza itself was just not "all that"...the crust was OK but burned on the outside edges. Not burned as in nicely charred, burned as in incinerated. We've had lots of good wood fired pizzas and this is not a "requirement". Toppings were minimal, which is a good thing to let the crust shine when the crust is great, but in this case there was just too little topping. And the poor, harried waitstaff acted as if they were doing diners a favor to let us eat there. All in all, we're glad we tried this one time to simply experience first hand a place that was getting so much hype. But with so many really great dining options, including pizza, in the greater Phoenix area we won't be back here during our upcoming visit. Fool us once, shame on you, fool us twice...
3	Good pizza - yes! The best pizza I've ever had - no. This place was more about the experience and ambiance than the actual pizza for me. Just like everyone tells you, you're going to wait 2.5 to 3 hours for a table for two. Sounds ridiculous, but just be prepared to make an evening out of it (and do not come starving). We sat at the bar next door during our wait which is a fabulously cozy, home. They have small shared plates and a nice selection of beer and wine to choose from while you wait. When it came to the actual pizza - yes, it was good but I think you can find better - or at least comparable elsewhere. Overall, great expereience but not worth the hype.
4	There is no place like Antica Pizzeria da Michele, but you need to be in Naples Italy to eat there. Most pizza in Italy is really not great like they make you believe. It is almost as hard to find great pizza in Italy as it is in the USA.Bianco is good but not worth the 2+ hr wait much of the time. I think Patsy Grimaldi's Pizzeria is almost as good but less pricey (still not cheap) and no wait. If Bianco was closer to me in Chandler I'd go more often but Patsy Grimaldi's Pizzeria is a mile away and 90% as good.
2	I've read that brevity is the soul of wit...Brevity is also a wonderful thing when it comes to the waiting time for your dinner of Italian peasant food...pizza:)Brevity is not Pizzeria Bianco's strong suit...(nor mine, in writing reviews, but we're not talking about me:)After my second visit in 4 years (and 4th visit overall), I'm trying to figure out what PB's strong suit is:(...public relations and marketing, perhaps?Creating the "Pizza Placebo Effect"?I generally try not to knowingly go anyplace that aggravates me, whether it's for dining, for drinking, for entertainment, for using the restroom...really for pretty much anything:)So why were we back at PB after a good solid 4 year run of avoiding this particular aggravation?   Other people, that's why:)Other people wanted to go to PB...other people wanted to try the Wiseguy and the Marghareta and see Chris's oven and have mozzarella cheese and what not... and so the Beautiful Carin (who has the patience of a saint) and I took them out to PB the other evening...well, it was evening when  we started:(We went...we waited...we had some pizza...and it was pretty average artisan pizza...Was it the worst pizza I've ever eaten?...oh no...'sup, Totino's?Was it the best pizza that I can remember eating?...oh no...How you doin' Flying Pie in Portland and Di Fara in Brooklyn?Is PB worth the aggravation?...Sadly, not for me:(For me, it's hard to overlook the attitude at the door, and the "you're barely worthy of eating here" attitudes of the servers (both in Bar Bianco and Pizzeria Bianco), as I try to enjoy my evening.I understand that all the kids "assisting Chris" at PB think they're pretty special to be working at PB and all...but...it's a pizza joint...would it hurt them to at least try to be personable and pleasant?It's also hard for me to overlook the multi-hour wait to dine at PB (and, truth be told, we've been here before...we did come expecting a wait...we were prepared to have wine and relax...I even had my flask, so I had a scotch and tried to relax)...still 3  1/2 hours...for pizza?I can fly  1/2 way to NYC in the time it takes to get a table (and the flight attendants on Continental are sweet and pleasant to me...feed me drinks in 1st class...you know...they make me feel appreciated:)And speaking of "appreciated"...it's hard for me to overlook the lack of appreciation we've encountered at PB:(The few times we've been to PB, the staff hasn't seemed to be in a pleasant mood...very quick to tell us "the rules of PB" and eager to let us know that if we weren't good little customers, there were 50 more people in line that would happy to take our places:(You know what... they are right...there were 50 more people that would have loved to see us leave and they would have moved up in the queue.But it's obnoxious of the folks at PB to make that the overriding theme of the evening and it belies any pretense that they might try to concoct about "customer service" and being the "the best possible pizza experience for each customer"...the attitude of "we're PB and you're not" is pervasive and unpleasant:(And frankly, when I spend well over $200 for pizza, wine and cheese for 4 in the course of a 3+hour wait, get a rush job on the very late dinner and a lamentable lack of service from the waiter (who's busy chatting with friends or "regulars" at the counter)...well, it causes me aggravation.But the good news is that I won't be back for another 4 years...less aggravation for me and more spaces in the line at the door:)
4	So....I'm a wood-fired Neapolitan-style pizza freak.    Like Aaron's review states, there is no place like Antica Pizzeria Da Michele in Naples and once you've had it, you become compelled to find a place stateside that is as good (or even close?).  So when I saw that Bianco was rated #1 in America I knew it would only be a matter of time before I booked a ticket to Phoenix....I expected to wait in line and, despite the 90+ degree weather, resolved to enjoy it as part of the process.  Once our names were on the list, we scored a seat in the wine bar next door (brilliant set-up when you have a captive audience) and enjoyed a couple of glasses of chianti while we waited.   It wasn't long before our names came up and we were in.  More wine was ordered and we started with appetizers of spiadini (grilled, prosciutto-wrapped slices of fontina on rosemary skewers).  Killer.We tried three of the pizzas-  and they were all excellent.  Given the popularity, I thought the prices were totally reasonable.Not sure what other negative reviewers expected.   Maybe the wait and hype builds too much expectation or maybe they'd be just as happy with a Dominos pie.    C'mon people, it's pizza- there's only so much oral pleasure you're gonna get.... Bottom line, eating at Bianco is as much about the experience and celebrating a guy who's reached the pinnacle of success doing something he loves.   Even if I can only experience that vicariously, I will do so happily.
3	While this is a good replica of Pepe's pizza in CT, it is very "specialty" item based. You can't order a pizza the way you want it, seems to be focused more on specialty pizzas than every day pizza varieties.  Better off going to Patsy Grimaldi's
5	I came here on a recommendation of a friend from NYC that this was quite possibly one of the best pizza places in the United States. Of course, I'm pretty biased towards loving my New York style thin-crust pizzas but I decided to give it a try. My friend Rachael and I arrived at around 5:30 pm hoping to catch the Suns game (about 5 blocks away!) at 8 pm. My friend from New York had warned me about the wait time, but when we arrived, we saw no line and found that it wasn't terribly crowded inside. However, once we got in and put our name down, we found out the wait was 2.5 hours! The hostess kindly suggested we go to the bar next door while Rachael and I debated back and forth whether or not to wait that long for pizza. Anyways, we ended up going to Bar Bianco right next door (brilliant idea to have this place open next door) and waited for our turn. We were called about 7:45 pm (2 hour and 15 minute wait). We ordered the Margherita pizza - $11 (tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, and basil) and Biancoverde -$14 (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula - aka lots of cheese). The Margherita was perfect with the right amount of tomato sauce/basil taste and the Biancoverde was good up to the second slice where it might have just been a tad bit more cheese than I can take in all in one night. Thumbs Up: price (relatively cheap - we spent about $30 for both of us with two pizzas including tip!), quality, staff was very friendly, and lastly - probably the best pizza i have ever had in my life.Thumbs Down: the wait (was horrible - but drinking does help), uber small space (why can't they just add an extension and make the wait shorter for everyone?)
5	My husband and I heard about this place on the food channel and made it a goal to visit while we were in Phoenix. We heard from the locals about the long line and decided to set aside time to just experience it. An experience it is. We arrived about an hour before it opened, just to get on the waiting list. Our wait was 2 1/2 hours of which we spent sitting outside having a couple drinks and appetizers from the bar. Everyone else waiting seemed to be in good spirits and made for good company. No one seemed upset at the wait as all of us were there for the same thing. A taste of what ever was creating the wonderful smell drifting from the pizzeria. Periodically a greater would come by just to verify that those on the waiting list were still waiting. Once inside the incredibly quaint pizzeria, we were greeted by friendly staff and waiter. We never felt rushed and simply enjoyed some of the best pizza we ever had. The atmosphere is enjoyable and relaxing. We spent around $100 because we wanted to, not because we had to. The pizza is around $11-15 each which is very reasonable. Should you decide to visit, be prepared to spend time waiting. Be prepared to enjoy yourself and relax. Be prepared to have a conversation with other people around you. Most of all, be prepared to have to endure smelling the incredible pizza for 2 hours before you can eat any. This restaurant is about the experience, and it is an enjoyable one. We will return the next time we have the opportunity to visit Phoenix.
4	I guess I just forgot about this place since I haven't been back for a while.Great pizza! Definitely try the Biancoverde and the Sonny Boy, they are my fav! Also so the mozzarella, tomato and basil salad! Yummy for the freshly homemade mozzarella! I ordered this every single time. And try dip the bread into the extra virgin olive oil? hmm!! :) I had to take off a star (since we don't have a half star) for the waiting time. Normally it's 1.5 - 2.5 hours for me in the past, unless you go around 9pm. Oh, forget to mention, they only open on Tue - Sat, dinner only and dine-in only! Reservations have to be made a month in advance.
5	It's worth the wait.  Seriously! This pizza was perfection. Since I had already waited two hours (thankfully a $5 cream ale held me over), I figured I'd get two pizzas to take some home. Both were lip-smackingly delicious.  The crust was thin and chewy and the ingredients were so much better than what you find at just any pizzeria.  I would gladly wait two or three hours again for this pie.Seriously!
5	OK I am from upstate NY and have partaken of a few really good artisan pie's in my time!  We (my wife and I) were big fans of Mr. Bianco's pies when he was at his original location at the Town and Country and are big fan's of the present.I like drinking wine, so waiting next door...added bonus!  Is the pie worth the wait.... unequivocally yes!  The parmigiana, pistachio and onion pizza is one of the best pizza's I have ever eaten.  The best possible ingredients make for the best pizza's and Chef Bianco is good!  Hence it's pricey, but great ingredients cost money.  I haven't been in awhile, because I just don't have the time to invest in a long wait and I have had to cut back on the wine :(.....but if you have time and you appreciate pizza as good as it gets...enjoy the wine for me!
5	So I had been hearing alot about this place for a while and told my biz partner we need to go do some R&D and check this place out ..Being a Chef and restaurant owner it takes alot to impress me and thats exactly what happened I was very impressed by the whole set up..  The wine bar next door is a nice touch(money maker) to grab a glass while you wait for the restaurant to open...The historic building fits the rustic  pizza vibe here to a tee...We started with the spiedini and the housemade mozzarella and tomato apps, the homemade cheese especially the fontina is great...Then we ordered one of each pizza the biancoverde and the wiseguy took the crown for me but they where all delicious on that great wood charred crust..c'mon where can you find pizza these days that are put together with such pride from the in house made cheeses to the top quality ingredients the fennel sausage is awsome....this place is a must try..Did i mention we flew in from L.A just to try it and flew home the same night and it was worth it!
5	Pizzeria Bianco: The AftermathA (very) short screenplaySetting: A darkened hotel room in Glendale.  Moonlight streams through the window; the air is thick with the stench of deception.  A text message conversation takes place...Girl:  Would you be terribly upset if I left you for a pizza?Guy:  I'm honored I'm still in the running.Girl:  The salami on the Sonny Boy almost had my heart... almost.Guy:  So Sonny is his name?   -thunder clap followed by dramatic music- End Scene
1	So looks like someone at that craphole called Bianco's can't handle criticism and is send private messages. Further proof place is bogus
4	Darn Food Network!! Too much people here, waited 3hours for just 2 people for whatever seats - bar seats.  4stars because of the wait, but 5stars for the food though. Was it worth it?  Not for 3hours, that just pushes you over the top with patience and so much more.  Good thing for them I was with a close friend so it was definitely a fun wait time to catch up in, but we were hungry soooo hungry.  Walked around all over.... CHASE Stadium picked up hot dogs off food vendor, overlooked at monster rally going on, walked around museum areas and etc..The wait is so insane they have another house by them just for people to wait at, drink & snack there =/  Its really like a house inside, kinda weird but koo at the same time.  Dim lights in there.  Pizzeria Bianco already has a couple patio wood tables outside around it for people to chill at too.  Its just a waiting frenzy!Pizza: Oven brick baked.  Seriously was good though.  Good enough for 1hour wait for 2 people, maybe 1 1/2 - 2hour wait for table of 4.  Thin Pizza, fresh & oOOo so yummy.  Better than my Under the Brooklyn Bridge Pizza, almost.... but hey freaking good for a place like Arizona right?Salad - not really worth it.  Drinks are mostly bottled, so dont get it if you're super thirsty.Take Out: No take out unless you're seated.  If seated, you need to order it the same time you put in your order.Service:  You'll be surprised.  If you sit at the bar, its wonderful service.  The time wait apology, drink order, food order chat, appitz comes, food comes & a nice check on how we like it etc....Groups: Better to come by yourself, two people or 4 at max.  If you come with 3, lets just hope it doesn't take an hour longer because of the 3rd person hahaParking: Difficult to find.Tip: It opens around 5:30pm I think.  Come no later than 4pm!  And you might find parking.
2	I ate here years ago and then Cibo opened. Less of a wait, better desserts, affordable wines on the menu, and pizza that was just as good...sorry Bianco. Haven't been back since.....
2	I'm somewhat new to Arizona, so when relatives from out of town said they had heard of this place on the Food Network and knew what they needed to do to get in, I figured why not?We get off work and head over to meet them at 5:00, when the place opens. There is a small valet lot (full) and a public parking garage ($12.00) which the restaurant will validate (only $9.00, though, you still have to cough up $3.00). Our dinner companions already had a table inside which was great because there was a huge crowd outside. Inside, the restaurant is teeny-tiny, with maybe six tables that seat four or more, a few tables that seat two, and a bar area where people can eat. The bathrooms are one-at-a-time only and the ladies' toilet did not flush properly. I scanned the menu and quickly realized that they serve pizza and some salads - that's it. So if you have any dietary restrictions you're pretty much f*cked. While we are waiting for our food to arrive my dining companions inform me that they showed up at 3:00 to secure a table. THREE?!??! and they WEREN'T the first in line either! WHAT? Bread comes and it is homemade and delicious, with a crispy-outside, spongy-inside thing going on, and the inside was the best - soft and delicious with huge swiss-cheese-like bubbles (don't know how else to so eloquently put it). Then drink refills come. No one else is being served (so they fire up these orders TO order, not bad, okay). I didn't have salad but they looked pretty good - buffalo mozarella and fresh basil, huge slices of tomato for the caprese. Kalamatas on the baby greens salad. Pizza comes out, finally! $12 each for personal-sized pizzas with thin crust. The four-cheese was great; you can really taste the separate flavors of the cheeses. Arugula on top. A couple of the pizzas had salami or sausage on them. Too salty (and I LOVE salt so yeah, that's saying a lot if even I am critical on that point). One pizza's crust was not burned but charred black on half of it. But it's food so it can't be perfect every time now can it. A table of two finished/paid/left. They were the first people to finish from the first wave of customers and it was after 6:00 pm when this happened, and there was still a shitload of people outside. Meaning that if you don't line up at 3:00 to get in at 5:00, the soonest you can be seated is after 6:00 (and that's likely if you showed up between 3:30 and 4:00 for a table). Here's where it gets tricky - we paid, but were finishing our drinks. We were NOT the only ones there taking up a first-wave table who hadn't left yet. And after paying $150 for PIZZA (give me a break, please) the hostess came over and asked us to clear out because "people waiting outside are getting upset." Hey, I can see how that sucks for them but we're customers too and so is everyone else around us who have been lounging around for this long. When we exited the restaurant the people waiting outside were giving us (and everyone else who was leaving) DIRTY looks. Bitch please - it was YOUR decision to come here and wait in this ridiculous line, for one. For two - the food isn't that great anyway. Would I ever come here again? Hell no would I ever wait in a line that long for ANYTHING, not even if they sprinkled diamonds on the overly-salty meats. Oh, and I woke up twice in the middle of the night feeling like my face was caving in on itself and had to get up to go drink water.
4	Cute restaurant, superb NY Pizza and very good service. Worth the 1  1/2 hour wait for one person on a Monday night? NO. I believe the hype of the joint and when I go back to PHX next month I will go back, but with friends. To painful of a wait for one person. Oh and BTW that was waiting for a seat at the bar.
5	The Background:* on a nippy and overcast afternoon 4 of my restaurant colleagues and I patiently waited 2 hours and 45 min. for a table.* My first exposure to Pizzeria Bianco (PB) was while reading Peter Reinhart's book "American Pie" in 2004.* I am a research Chef - my job entails depth of research on various food items. I've done extensive research on Pie's around the US and have dined at some of the most reputed pizzerias throughout the country.The Story:* After reading several of the reviews here I've concluded that PB is not for everyone.  I won't go into details about how incredible this place is or how every inch of PB can be summed by a quote from Chris Bianco in the book "American Pie" - "Pizza is my metaphor, and I believe my mission in life is to make the best pizza in the world.  I really do."  I won't fill this review gleaming about the spiedini appetizer that my group of 5 professional foodies actually wanted to play "paper, rock, scissors" over for the last piece.  If you've done your research you already know that Bianco's "metaphor within the metaphor" of his pizza's  is the Rosa. And you should already know that the Rosa experience is the experience of all experiences in the world of pizza's while maybe actually being the best pizza in the world!  But you don't have to hear that from me.  What I want to talk about is the actual experience of PB - because if you are going to PB for the best pizza in the world then your expectations will fall far short of that goal - In summation you go to Pizzeria Bianco for everything - the wait, the conversation before the seating, the excitement of actually getting into the place and then finishing with the bragging rights to say you've been there, done that, and hopefully got a copy of the menu or at least a t-shirt (like I did).What to expect:* a wait - all of the rumors are true. You will wait to get on the wait list and then the cuties who take the names will give you an estimate of the time you will wait to get a table - that wait is pretty accurate so don't think that the Pizza Gods will part the clouds and drop pies from heaven any minute sooner than your first estimate.  If you have a difficult time holding a conversation for more than 30 minutes - stay home and order the new butter crust pizza from Domino's. Trust me, you'll be better off.* Adverse weather during your wait.  Let's face it, Scottsdale is not known for it's cool temps and rainy days.  You see where I'm going with this?* Great conversations, no distractions, anticipation.  All of these components make for a great meal at any place in the world.  PB provides you with slightly more opportunity to indulge in bonding.  I found out that I actually enjoy spending some down time with my co-workers.  We had a great time waiting, drinking, texting, eating olives, nibbling on cheese (offered at Bar Bianco next door) and chatting.* Artisan Pizza - No this is not your average Wolfgang Puck pizza, nor is it a deep dish Chicago, and don't even compare this to a "thin crust" NY pizza.  This is classic Neapolitan style pizza at it's finest.* great Ingredients - Pistachio's, prosciutto, red onions, etc, etc...  All of it is quality and great.* Professional waitstaff - some peeps may be turned off by a waiter who does not stumble over words and descriptors. some peeps also don't like to get recommendations from a waiter nor do they like to have said professional waiter in a t-shirt.  You see where I'm going here?* A small 40 seats (or so) restaurant with a very small menu.* An older crowd.  I mention this because it's relevant for  two reasons. 1. Disposable income 2. A general need for simple cuisine done really well 3. quite a bit more patience than your average 23 year old and 4. usually well versed the finer things in life. (I know I said 2 things...)* Some of the best Neopoliton pizza you can have without traveling to Italy.What not to Expect:* Instant gratification.* An American dining experience.* The best pizza in the world or even the best pizza in the U.S.  That designation is very personal and very subjective.  The Slice:* I think I could have had the best pizza in the world had I had dinner with Miriam Leone and drove off in a black Ferrari F430 to a suite at the Phoenician - but I digress....  For me - Pizzeria Mozza is the best pizza in the country, I've had some great Neopoliton pizza consistently at Il Ritrovo in Sheboygan (of all places), and I love Grimaldi's coal fired pizza in NY but really every single one of those places is distinctly different.  If I could give PB another star I would - primarily because the EXPERIENCE was one of the best food trips I've ever made.  The Pizza is great as was everything we had at PB.  I highly recommend the place only if you can maintain an open mind (if you look at some of the worst reviews here you will have a difficult time understanding what was actually bad about the food).  * Pizzeria Bianco FTW!
4	"There's no way that this place can live up to the expectations" was the common consensus amongst our group of six that dined here last night.Before we get there though, flashback to 2008.  One year ago, I heard of this place.  After hearing about the unbelievable wait and unwilling to invest 3+ hours of time regardless of the deliciousness of the pizza, I placed Pizzeria Bianco in a spot in my mind reserved for the unattainable such as owning my own private island or being with Megan Fox.Then one day, somebody informed me that Bianco accepts reservations for groups of 6+.  Hallelujah!  I immediately made a reservation only to find that the first available was about a month later.  Undeterred, I booked it.When the day came, I was not disappointed with appearances!  There's something about the decor of both the Pizzeria and the little bar next door that makes it very inviting.  It almost felt like I was showing up at a party that somebody invited me to.The food itself was good, almost great, but again, with the expectations and the wait, it was difficult to fulfill.  The sampler appetizer platters showcased some wonderful cheeses and olives and cured meats.  The salads were crisp and flavorful.  The pizza itself was a little thin and crispy-crusted for my personal liking, but the ingredients were fresh as can be and delicious.One thing that I missed was more of an emphasis on tomato-based pizzas, which amongst our group, was the first pizza to be quickly snatched up and eaten.Overall, a wonderful experience, but I don't know if I'd come back again simply due to the logistical coordination required and the high price blowing my expectations beyond what could be satiated.
1	OVERRATED OVERRATED OVERRATEDThey've done a bang-up job of public relations and convincing the trendy sheep that this is the equivalent of a pizza orgasm. Hmph. It's OK, not great, but it's not like there aren't other wood-fired pizza joints in Phoenix.By the way, I know real Italian pizza. I eat it regularly. In Italy. So don't give me crap about, 'go eat at Domino's, you don't know good pizza.' I do. Believe me. I cook Italian (tuscan) regularly.Pizzeria Bianco approaches traditional Italian pizza, so I'd ordinarily give it 3 stars. However I downgraded it to one due to the rude, rude, rude service and how incredibly overpriced it is.Gotta hand it to Bianco though, he's got a good scam going. I mean, he's really got it figured out. Hype the shit out of the place, bribe/suck up to all the restaurant reviewers who convince the sheeple that you gotta go here if you're 'somebody', brown-nose the local celebrity crowd into coming there (I'm sure they get treated much differently than us peons), make the restaurant too small and get people to spend money at your wine bar while enduring the insane wait for a table. Fucking brilliant.
1	This review is for the hostess only;We pull up to the parking lot and the parking attendant says it's a 4 hour wait however to check in.  He gives us a tip that we can walk around the neighborhood but to call about 30 minutes prior to the estimated seat time.  We check in, at 9:20 PM and the blond hostess says the wait is 2.5 hours.  That means we'll be seated at midnight.  She also says that we can check out the Bar next door and they can call us from there.  She states that the bar closes at 10 PM so if we want to be in the bar we need to be inside.  After thinking about it, we didn't want to spoil our appetite by ordering food and drinks so we decided to go back to the place where we were staying and change to more comfortable.  After all, the hostess wrote that we would be seated around 11:45 PM on her notepad.We come back at 10:45,  one hour prior to when we're suppose to be seated and she's says sorry I can't seat you because you weren't here at 10 PM.  Excuse me, you said it's 2.5 hours thus equaling almost midnight.  The hostess says you have to be here at 10 PM, which we were like WTF - you said we could walk around.  So it seems like this place wants you to chill at the bar and order drinks to get more $$$, thus extending the wait time.   I then told the hostess what the parking attendant had said that we could go around and in the future for other patrons to make sure that he had his facts straight.  She already tuned out acting like a doorman at a club.  Excuse me, but this place isn't a Michelin star restaurant or anything - so don't give me your stuck up attitude.   She then tried to go off on me like I was an idiot, and I was like that's okay I don't need to eat here that bad.   Why quote 2.5 hours (midnight you'll be seated), then expect customers to wait around for 2 hours?  It seriously does not make any sense.   And does a restaurant seriously expect you to wait 2 hours waiting around?  So note to your management, please make sure that your parking attendant and hostess are on the same page when telling customers what they can and cannot do.  I'm rating this place 1 star based on their customer service of the hostess.  The hostess was incredibly rude and snobbish.   I would not recommend this place based off the hostess who is a representative of the restaurant.
4	A friend & I went to try THE best pizza in the world...  It was really good.  It's the crust!!!  I think we waited 3 hours but it was kinda enjoyable drinking wine having lot's of girly chat...  BUT, then I went back a second time with the boyf and it was okay.  It wasn't as good as I remembered it...  (Maybe we thought it was good because we were full of wine...?)  The first time I was there, we got seated just after 9pm and then 2 separate couples showed up at 9.30 & 9.45 and were seated right away.  Soooooooo, I think to myself, well that's the trick, show up close to closing time and bam you're seated!!!  So, that's what the boyf & I did & we were seated right away, but then the pizza didn't end up being as good as the first visit...  Maybe my trick wasn't so useful after all, bah!!!
5	This place never fails to satisfy, even when you have wait times in excess of 3 hours. My husband and I went here on a Friday evening and arrived around 6:30, we were seated shortly after 9pm. The place has it down though, the bar next door, has super yummy beers and tasty cheeses that keep you held over until you get seated inside the infamous, Pizzeria! We sat at the bar and got the tomato, mozzarella salad, and the prosciutto wrapped fontina to start. Heavenly, melt in your mouth goodness. For pizza we decided to go ahead and get 3, we waited 3 hours and wanted some to take home. We went with the wiseguy, the biancoverde, and the Margarita. All just heavenly, the biancoverde, melts in your mouth, the cheeses explode with flavor. And the wise guy is always a fave, the sausage is delightful. I can not say enough good things about this pizzeria, I need to figure out how they make their dough so flaky and bubbly and delicious...Anyone know the secret?
5	Does this place really need another review? Well here's mine regardless! I have been here a few times before and was always amazed that Chris Bianco made every pizza himself. Knowing that he was not manning the oven any longer, I was interested in trying it again. I stopped by on Saturday night and put my name on the list at about 5:30. My girlfriend and I were seated at about 9:30. I ordered the Wise Guy and she ordered the margherita with prosciutto on half and sopressata on the other half. My Wise Guy was great with the fennel sausage and onions. Hers was great too with the spicy sopressata and melt in your mouth prosciutto. Even though Chris wasn't around it was a great meal and remains my favorite pizza place in town for a special occasion.
5	After several years of debating if a 4hr wait on pizza was worthy of my time-I finally pulled the trigger and set off to taste the holy grail of pizza. Before I get into the pizza I have to say the staff was superb and very friendly. Including the lovely bartender at the bar next door-surprisingly no one was in a bad mood about waiting. The environment was so welcoming I didn't want to leave so I'll definitely return. Sometimes I like to consider myself a pizzaficionado and the pizza here was not disappointing one bit. I selected the Wiseguy for my first pie and boy ole boy was this love at first sight. I've never seen a pizza deck with onion filled with so much flavor. The sausage was so moist and blended well with the everything. The crust was so robust smoke seem to pour from my nose with each bite. Being a southerner and an avid griller I can appreciate the smoke taste within a dish. Let me tell you eating this pizza was like watching a suspense thriller with a dramatic ending hoping for a sequel... then there's another slice to relive the moment all over again ahhh :0
5	What can be said about Bianco that hasn't been said before? Pizzeria Bianco has been raved about for many years now, with good reason! Chris Bianco has built his establishment into a Phoenix staple. Every visit I'd say well over half of his clientele is brand new, no small feat since he's spent 14 years in the same location. To say the least, Pizzeria Bianco is a well-reviewed, well-loved and die-hard restaurant.Put this into perspective: I've patronized Pizzeria Bianco roughly 40-50 times (many of those times have been in post-100 degree heat, non-coincidentally the Bar Bianco next-door opens an hour earlier than the Pizzeria so grab a beer) and each time I've waited 1-2 hours for the privilege. Are there many places in the whole world where you'd do that? Once you taste the sensation within, you'll understand.The pizzas are wood-fired in a brick oven and until recently, they'd all been fired and created by one man, Chris Bianco, whom forcefully had to take a leave of absence from his dedication to his craft. Why? All the wood smoke and flour dust has taken a toll on him over the years and irritated his asthma to a point where his doctor insisted that he stay out of the kitchen if he wanted to live into his 50s. It may seem silly to an outsider but to see Chris's passion for what he does, you'd instantly empathize.The creations that come from the oven are simple, yet complex in flavor and texture. They're thin-crust Italian style pizzas that are true to the heart of Tuscany and Roma. In true Italian spirit, less is more on the pizza with only a few ingredients playing on the stage. My favorite at Bianco is to order a Margarita pizza and add mushrooms and perhaps some garlic. What returns is amazing. You wouldn't think that dough, tomato sauce, mozzarella, basil, Criminis and garlic could formulate something so flavorful and distinct but there it is.A favorite before the pizza is unquestionably an Antipasto plate! Familiar ingredients grace the plate almost every time (mushrooms, sopressata, olives and parmesan) with one or two guest players (eggplant parm or roasted red pepper). Given a health dose of olive oil and graced in the oven, the plate comes to you a variety of textures and tastes.There are a few salads offered as well. The pizza, antipasto and salads comprise the entire menu. It's simple but elegant in a setting at Heritage Square that makes it a true, one-of-a-kind experience and completely unique to Phoenix. Yes, you need some time to kill (I recommend getting there at least an hour before opening) and the ability to tolerate weather and a few line cutters, but you will be rewared with what has been called and I whole-heartedly agree is the "best pizza in America".
4	Who would wait 1.5 to 2.5 hours for a Pizza? in Phoenix? Apparently me and about 200+ others every night at this Downtown Phoenix Pizzeria. Chris Bianco has created an outpost that this food blogger couldn't leave Phoenix without trying. I first read about the place about a year ago but the acolades have been pouring in since 2002. Bianco has his flour milled just for him and uses as much locally grown/prepared ingredients as available. But again up to 2.5 hours wait? In comes Bar Bianco right next store. It is a limited bar, but the wine selections are sound and the local brews spot on. Besides what else are you going to do in the Arizona heat for that long? Cheers!!!We hit the menu ordering Local Organic Greens and quickly on to the traditional MARGHERITA (Tomato Sauce, Basil & Mozarella), the MARINARA (no cheese - just Tomato sauce, oregano and garlic) and and 50/50 of the WISEGUY (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage) and BIANCOVERDE (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta & Arugula) All cooked in a Wood Fired oven. All were outstanding with the MARINARA being my favorite. Just loved the garlic flavors running through out. We should have left and given our table to one of the many waiting to get a seat but we all needed just one more bite, so we ordered up a custom pie, with Tomato Sauce, Ricotta & Prosciutto di Parma. An unconventional mix but great flavors after the wood oven.As we left, I happened to meet a couple from Cleveland sitting at the table next to us. We got into a quick conversation abouts great places to eat there, as I often struggle on my trips to Cleveland finding "real" food. B SPot and Bat Symon, here I come.
4	Not going to go in to the waiting time or any of the other stuff typically complained about.  The Pizza and apetizers were made from very fresh ingrediants and were of the highest quality.  I've eaten pizza all over the US and this was something special.  I didnt enjoy the pizza as it was just not my taste but I know good quality and care when I taste it.  I would recommend this to anyone and it may be to thier taste.  If it is you will love it.  If it's not you can atleast say been there done that.  I suspect you will find something on the menu you really enjoy.  For me it was the appetizers....awesome.  I would go back again if I planned in advance to be there really early or go by myself late at night when you can walk right up to the bar.
3	Go here so you can say you did.There really is a 3+ hour wait every night.Pizza very good, but how could it possibly be worth the wait?The star pizza is the ROSA - don't leave there without it!
5	THE BEST RESTAURANT IN PHOENIX. one of the few reasons to eat out in phoenix really.So what you have to wait to eat here. It is well worth the wait. Bring a book, get here at three, enjoy a glass of wine at four when the bar opens next door, and enjoy your meal when you get in at five when the restaurant opens.If you are too hungry, you can always get a bar snack at the bar Chris owns next door. all the choices are great. wonderful olives and yummy cheeses.Anyhow, the restaurant is worth waiting to eat at. My brother and I wait the two or more hours a couple times a month if possible. We drive from over an hour and a half away to eat here. Although I must admit we have sandwiches at Pane Bianco for lunch, grocery shop, then come here for dinner.ALL the pizzas are amazing. Although my favorites by far are the margherita- his homemade fresh mozzarella is to die for and the tomato sauce is amazing- and the bianco verde. love them both. and leftovers are a great welcome the next day when im back in the shitty little town i live in.The antipasto appetizer is amazing as well. cant eat dinner here and not get that to start off with. the vegetables change every time I go. whatever is fresh at the farmers market they roast that day. then they add yummy cheese and meat and olives. mmmmm... im drooling thinking about it. my favorite is when they have jerusalem artichokes. wow. amazingly delicious! and there is a market salad that changes regularly as well. nice and refreshing.What can I say. I love this place! never been let down.Although I am sad Chris doesnt make the pizzas anymore, I understand why he doesnt and am very happy he has a replacement to make them instead. mmmmm... thank you Chris for such great food!
2	Went there last week for the first time while in town for a meeting.I do not know what all the complaining about is, we only waited 2.45 hours. I am not part of the "cattle", never have been. It would be easy to justify in my own head that I ate the best pizza on the planet, and that the wait was well worth it, making myself not feel stupid for waiting to eat bread,with tomato sauce and cheese. Just cannot do it. I am an idiot for waiting 2.45 hours for a pizza. Someone kick me if I ever do that again. How was the pizza???It was good, but I can get good pizza without the wait. Thing is I feel that what they have going is that the wait leaves people starving, so you might be able to serve wonder bread with tomato sauce, it just might be the best thing you have ever had.My conclusion is that this place is a phenomenon, that it lives on hype and a 3 hour wait for pizza, that you have to convince yourself the wait was worth it and its the best pizza that you have ever had.  Sorry all, just cannot join in on the hype, just to make myself feel better.
5	Worth the wait-- because waiting on a picnic table in gorgeous Arizona with a couple glasses of wine is nothing to complain about. Get there well before 5 to line up to put your name on the list (which for us, meant a table almost 4 hours later). Then just enjoy yourself and the nice random people around you.The farmers market salad, when I was there, was shaved fennel, orange, grapefruit and herbs. Refreshing-- but next time, I'll save room for pizza alone. The Rosa-- parmesan, rosemary, red onion and local pistachios is fantastic. After 3 pieces, it's a bit rich. But then move onto your buddy's pie. The Margherita was light and fresh. Pizza Bianco is the ultimate because of the dough-- it is tender but chewy, crisp and charred.Unlike others have reported-- we found the hostesses and the servers to be incredibly friendly and helpful.
1	What happened? I have no idea. With all the accolades and hype, I even made a conscious effort to lower my expectations. After the ridiculous four hour wait, I was starving. This if anything should have given the pizza an advantage. Everything looked right: the vibe, brick oven, and service all suggested a great meal. We ordered the wiseguy, margherita, and biancoverde. Sitting there watching the pizza maker, I was wondering why he would never clear the ash from the oven. Now I only noticed this b/c I had been seated in front of the oven at pizzeria mozza a couple of weeks ago and had seen them clear the oven every 15-20 minutes of the ash. Oh well, I assumed they knew better than me. After the first bite, all I could taste was ash. Ash and more ash just pervaded the slice. Don't get me wrong I love the taste of char my pizzas. But this was different; this was nasty burnt cigarette remains in each and every bite. And it was the same for all three pizzas. But this wasn't the only problem with the pie. The most important part of a pizza for me is the crust. But Bianco's crust was just not that interesting, neither in texture nor flavor. The center of the crust was limp and soggy after 5 minutes. The toppings were also subpar and unbalanced: Fennel sausage lacked the punch that I'm accustomed to from homemade sausage. The margherita had too little basil, while the biancoverde had way too much argula to the point where the bitterness overwhelmed all the ricotta and other cheeses. Without the ash issue, I could see this being decent pizza, but definitely not deserving of a journey or a 4 hour wait. This pizza is not in the realm of Nancy Silverton's pie at Mozza nor in the universe of Dom's pizza at Di Fara's.
4	I finally got the courage to brave the epic wait for a Bianco pizza...twice.  Is all of the hype true?Bottom line: Amazing pizza, but not worth the four-hour wait (both times I waited close to four hours).  I got in line at 4:30, waited almost 45 minutes to put my name on the infamous list, and then another 3.5 hours or so to get seated.  I was starving and tipsy by the time dinner was served, so a cardboard box would have tasted good by then.The "Wiseguy" pizza is fantastic, and so is the pizza topped with onions and pistachios.  I've never had anything else like it.   If you are still motivated to try Pizzeria Bianco after reading this review, follow this advice -- Show up at around 5:15 to put your name in, and then leave for the next few hours.  See a movie nearby, or just go home and relax.  Make sure you call every hour or so to check in... sometimes the wait is shorter than they initially say, although it wasn't both times I was there.
1	Sorry sir that will be a 5 1/2 hour wait!!!!!  NO pizza on this planet is good enough for even 2 hours....come on.  What do they put in the pizza for people to wait that long for?????  You look at the place and it's the size of a postage stamp and the lemmings are lined up outside wanting some of their pizza......I don't get it!We went across the walk way to The Rose and Crown sat right down and had wonderful beer and fish and chips.  Wait=None.  We kept sitting there looking at the people waiting and wondering what else do they have to do in their lives but wait 5+ hours for a meal.I'm from Seattle and we have LOTS of great pizza places to go to that we don't have to wait HOURS to get into!
4	I'm struggling with the review for this place.  I had such high expectations going in that I think it may have tainted my perspective.  However, keep in mind that this place is rated the best pizza in the US, so having high expectations is not necessarily unfair.  We waited over three hours and had a great time drinking at Bar Bianco next door.  We had no issue with the wait and I think having some time to drink and chat at the cozy bar next door was a great way to kick-off our soon to be "mind blowing" pizza.  We got sat at the bar top and ordered two pizzas--the margarita and the fennel & sausage.  The pizzas were good, but not great.  The crust was soggy and it just didn't hit the taste buds the right way for us.  We sat next to a couple that had flown from Canada for one night just to go to Pizzeria Bianco.  They liked it more than us, but they said their expectations were higher, too.  Definitely worth going to and worth the wait (to at least try it once), but I don't see myself going back anytime soon to get my pizza fix.  I prefer the margarita pizza at LGO.
4	I've been here twice and I would have to say that the pizza is good but not great. After trying to go here a few times with no luck and there always being a three hour wait. We finally wised up and showed up at 3ish to be first in line. Yeah you still have to wait but only twohours since they open at 5 but you will always get sat in the first seating. This place is really small and people seem to still like to come here in large groups and with small kids. The menu is limited to just a few items, I'm not complaining but it seems some folks think this place is something different. You can check out there menu online before you go if you don't like what they offer don't go. They serve a sorta traditional Italian variety of pizza either you like it or ya don't. This past time I went a few weeks ago the owner is no longer making the pizzas, I am not sure why. They are not open that often so who knows. Both times I've went I got the margarita and the wiseguy pizza. Both of them were quite good. If you dine in you can get some extra pizzas to take home but they don't have any regular take out. So I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you are in Phoenix but try to get there early so you don't have to wait so long.
1	So we had heard about this place from the pizza book and we show up and I kid you not the place is the size of my shed and there is a line out the door and around the front of the building..... just to get your name listed. We finally wait in a 40 min. line and get to the front where the snotty little bitch, rolls her eyes and musters up with - It's a 6.5 hour wait. So your table will be ready at 10:30pm. WTF?So you're telling me i'd get faster service and better pizza if I boarded a plane for Manhattan and even get to eat my favorite pizza -BEFORE this place can seat me?Seriously I am not sure if this man is a fucken retard or a a genius?Get TWO sheds !!!! You had SOOO much money walk away that night and I am sure it happens night after night... But no then there are the idiot hipsters and yuppies who insist on waiting around, getting drunk and spending money at the bar......... "oh the bar" ... you say.YES, the bar is often the place restaurants make the most profit. So perhaps he is a genius, because the place was packed there as well. Treat them like shit, tell them no and to go away and wait at the bar for 6.5 hours and see how hungry and drunk you will be at 10:30pmI know what you're saying italiano.Oh and with only ONE bathroom for both men and women.... don't expect the line for the potty to be any shorter.YES WE LEFT!!
5	Let me start by saying I had heard of Bianco for the longest time and the infamous wait, so I never quite made it out because I thought...It's Pizza !!! But when my mom flew in and insisted on Bianco I thought, what the heck so we made a day of it, we got there and put our names on the list, went next door and got a bottle of wine, the wait was long but I had great company and awesome wine....when we got called and walked in and the smell of the resturant was so overwhelming, I was almost scared that the food was gonna disappoint for sure because nothing could top those delicious aroma's in the air....then the pizza's arrived!!!! HOLY COW!!!! I got the ROSA and it WAS worth the wait..in all honesty its unlike anything I have ever tasted!Will I go back...Absolutely!My advice is, do not go if you are in a hurry, you have to make a day of it, enjoy the wait by going with awesome people, have some wine and be ready for the best pizza you have ever tasted!For those people who freak out about spending money on wine and what not, you're probably right..you SHOULD goto Costco, this place isn't for you..Bianco, and places like it are for people with a true appreciation for culinary experiences and not impatient people who wouldn't know the difference if you served them a Bordeaux Chateau Lafite or some Franzia.
2	The pizza is good, but the wait is just too much.  We got there early with maybe 20-25 people in front of us.  Little did we know they were "spot savers" and that crowd of 20 ballooned to at least 60 and we had to wait.  And wait.  We saw people who weren't on line at all just walk in and get seated.  When questioned, there was no answer to why this was allowed.  I assume they were regulars.  It was only tolerable because we were able to sit in the next door bar and enjoy a nice bottle of wine, cheese and salumi.  I spent  $150 bucks in the bar waiting on said wine and snacks.  Good food, awful wait system.
5	A New York Times critic named this place best pizza in the nation back in '04 causing quite the controversy. I just had to give this place a try.Even arriving well before opening time, there was already a line forming in front of the door just like the reviews said. The hot June sun was not making this any easier, but we were only a handful of people from the front of the line. I went with the Wiseguy - wood roasted onion, house smoked mozzarella, and fennel sausage and was not disappointed. Every ingredient worked together to form a masterpiece. The smokey cheese complimented the caramelized onions, and savory sausage quite nicely. From making his own cheese, to picking fresh ingredients himself at the market, you can tell that the man behind this establishment has a passion for what he creates. Well worth the hour and change in line.On our way out Chris Bianco himself, even though he was busy with orders in the kitchen, took the time to ask how our experience was. Awesome! I will definitely be back back again.
5	OK, we got here at 3:15 ish. Right after going to Rubio's. What? I said.  My friends said, You'll see. So we waited around and caught up. Went for a geocache which we did not find. 4:30 the line was huge! We were number 4 to get in. Awesome atmosphere! Love the buiding.  Owners brother was very personable and took care of everyone there.  He was right in the thick of it. I had the Sonnyboy with added prociutto. Yummy! Had some left over for my trip the next day which ws still great. Worth every minute in the sun and every penny that I had to pinch. Great staff great food amazing times.
5	Note the first: you will wait, and you will complain, because the wait sucks.Creed the first: your wait shall not influence your rating.Note the second: you will love your pizza and instantly forget your wait.Note the third: there are tables, and a historic plaza, and bars at your service to pass the time.Creed the second: you will drink while you wait, but you will not drink too much.Note the fourth: you didn't come here because it was a pizza place, you came here because it's the best pizza ever.
5	This is easily some of the best pizza I have ever had.  I love the Rosa and the Wiseguy.  The wait can be the most difficult part of the experience, especially if you are starving.  I personally don't think the wait is that bad, there are tables to sit at right outside, you can spend time next door at Bar Bianco or across the way at the Rose and Crown, so at least there is something to do.  The place itself... I like the atmosphere inside, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the bathrooms are clean.  Aside from the pizza, I found the appetizers and salads to be quite enjoyable.  There isn't really much more to say at this point, but I do believe it's completely worth the wait.
5	So I knew ahead of time about the wait. So we got there at 3:30 and waited for an hour and a half until they opened. But we were able to be seated as soon as they opened.Let me just say that I've never had anything even close to the kind of pizza that we got. It's outstanding! I highly recommend the caprese salad, antipasto and the rosa pizza. Though I'm pretty sure that it's all amazing, no matter what you get.
3	I knew it was too good to be true.How can anyone be a repeat customer at Pizzeria Bianco? The wait is just ridiculous. I took a friend's advice to eat here, came 1.5 hours before opening and was one of the 40 ppl let in at the opening time. The food was good but it was not AMAZING! WTF Oprah?! Oh.. and the 300+ reviews from Yelp that gives this place raving reviews?! My theory is that while people wait in excess of 4 hours to get in, they get hammered at Bar Bianco next door and by the time they get to eat, of course it would be amazing! That's why bar food at 3 am is amazing. I'm not disappointed by the food. It was good. It was not worth the wait or the money. My brother and I had soda, salads and each had a pizza for $70. Yikes!If you're going to go despite my fair warning, the pizza is NOT a personal sized pizza. Big enough to share and you can get multiple topping on each side. Don't be left with leftovers.
5	This place is as good as they say it is, and more. We've been there twice. Once with another couple who were grumpy about the whole experience and thus made our experience less than par. We were expecting the wait, but they were still irritated about it. They weren't nice to the staff, the staff thus wasn't nice to us. However, the pizza is absolutely amazing. So, we went back a second time, just me and my husband. Our experience was much more delightful. We enjoyed a bottle of wine during our three hour wait (and therefore were not drunk as one reviewer suggests) and excellent conversation. The ambiance is wonderful. The staff was very friendly since we were friendly to them. We were not rushed to eat quickly, although the pizza is so good it is hard not to shovel it in your mouth! Overall, we were quite pleased and look forward to going again. I'm not sure how one reviewer said it cost her $70 for her meal. Pizza's are $10 to $12, I'm sure soda isn't all that expensive, and salads range from $6-9. Must have left a pretty good tip! We've had the Biancoverde and Rosa, as well as the Spiedini for an appetizer. Delish. I just love this place and wish I could go more often. It's how pizza should be made!
2	A co-worker and I decided to kill some time and eat here and see what all the hype was about.  Yes, we waited about 4 hours.  There is a cute little bar next door to spend your money and get drunk while waiting - how thoughtful :)  The pizza was ok - it's a large portion for one person, but I managed to eat the whole thing.  Was the pizza worth the wait?  No, but it was good enough to finish it - I was STARVING by the time we ate :)  The wait staff was pleasant enough, but I can get much better pizza with no wait back home.  Sorry, I will not be back again.
4	I was visiting from LA and had heard about this place... and just HAD to try it. We knew about the wait.... so we got there about 3:30 and there was already a huge line of people. We waited about 1.5 hours to be seated. Ordered the Sonny Boy: Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta OlivesThe pizza is REALLY GOOD. However, did it once, would never do it again. I've got better things to do with my time...There is a place in LA. Pizzeria Mozza (A Mario Batali restaurant) which serves very similar pizza's and THEY DO take reservations.
3	I would have given this place 3.5 stars, but not 4. The pizza was good, not great. Interesting combinations of ingredients on most pies. Couldn't have been more disappointed by the margherita pie. Honestly, if you can't make a plain cheese pizza work what good are you?The decor was nice, the waitstaff was excellent.The wait, well let's just say it is not worth it to wait even a half hour for this stuff. Go eat at Parlour or Cibo and you will be just as happy with no wait.Would only go here again if someone held my place in line and I could swoop in here at the last moment.Once again, hype outweighs reality.
5	If you are in Phoenix, Pizzeria Bianco is a must!  It is legendary and the wait is worth it!  Enjoy the experience, take it all in;the pizza is brick oven fired, the wine list is great and the atmosphere is amazing.  Set in two of Phoenix's historical buildings, one is the waiting area and wine bar and the other is the main restaurant.
1	By the time I got seated (not at a table, but at the bar, in a group of 4, so we couldn't even talk to each other) after 5 hours, we were so WASTED from drinking in the "pen" next door that any pizza would have been good.  I think they mask the average-ness of their pizza by making sure you are drunk by the time you get to eat it.  OVERRATED.
3	Ok so the day finally came...on a day when I was on the rare verge boredom, I extended my walk to include Heritage Square and glanced over at the crowd waiting at the Pizzeria. Hummm, it wasn't as long as I had seen it before, as a patron of the Rose & Crown numerous times. With nothing to do with my evening I decided to put my name on THE LIST. The estimated wait was two and a half hours and I was instructed to check in every hour.  I meandered across to the R&C for a slow leisurely beer (one hour successfully passed by). I walked over and "checked in" as requested and then meandered over and spent the rest of my wait at Bar Bianco. Overall I got my name on the list around 5:30 and was seated by 8. Seated at the bar, I opted for the Wiseguy (add garlic). No salad or bread, just the pizza. Others seated at the same time next to me at the bar ordered salads and/or bread and waited another 20-30 minutes after I had received my pizza to get theirs. So obviously they pace out the order to allow you to finish your starters. There was nothing outstanging or spectaular about it to wait that long.  Would I go back? I would go back , if someone really wanted to try it and they were the ones waiting.  I would meet them closer to seating time for a few drinks.  To me, I have had pizza similar at places like Grimaldi's and I have never had to wait there. Next stop Cibo.
5	Best pizza in the country? Still not sure. But I will say that the mystique of this restaurant is part of what makes it so much fun. We arrived around 4:15 and waited about 2.5 hours to get seated, which ended up being at the bar. The whole experience was good, though, even the wait. With Bar Bianco next door, they really have a good setup. We ordered apps, which were excellent-- spiedini with prosciutto and fontina and a fresh tomato mozzarella salad. We had the margherita and sonny boy pizzas- both excellent! They have a limited menu, which I think can be pulled off only by a place that does everything on its menu well. I'm really glad we decided to go. If you do too, though, know what kind of wait you're getting into!
3	*Sigh* I can hardly believe it, but I finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco, one of America's most famous and highly rated pizzerias. After 5 different and failed attempts to try a slice of Oprah's favorite pizza, I contemplated a plan to get in by calling on behalf of a cancer stricken girl with only a month to live and one dream: To eat at Pizzeria Bianco. Instead, I took someone's advice and made sure I got there early on a Friday night. And when I say early, I mean not early enough because at 3:45pm, there were already 50 people ahead of me. Estimated wait time? 2 hours!!! And did I mention I got there at 3:45pm and his doors don't even open until 5pm? 2.5 hours later...to be exact, I was seated. Browsing through the simple menu, I decided to start with the Spiedini. The Italian Fontina cheese wrapped in Prosciutti was a little too rich for me. As for the pizzas-did you catch the plural? I decided to order all 6, yes 6 of the listed pizzas. I figured the chances of me waiting another 3 hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco were slim to none so I better order all of them and get it done! Efficiently, with the help of my BF, we finished 4.5 26" pizzas out of the 6 pizzas in one seating (the Margherita, Marinara, Rosa, Sonny Boy, Biancoverde, and Wise Guy). Told you I could throw down :) The tables beside us were either disgusted or shocked. Out of the 6, my favorite was the Marinara pizza. It stole my heart with its boastful, yet simple flavors of just 3 ingredients-tomato, garlic and oregano. The Rosa was my least favorite because of the overwhelming amount of onions. Being a meat lover, I was disappointed with the protein shakes...I mean pizzas. They were Hoover-daming and drenched with oil. Not sure if they're always like that or if it was just our order? I prefer my pizzas to be moist, not drenched. Overall, Pizzeria Bianco has amazing dough and tasty pizzas. I don't think it lives up to its hype taking into consideration the ridiculous wait time and my hunger pangs. But it IS an experience-to be able to try such a famous restaurant located in our own backyard. I'd return...as long as someone else stands in line. I've already taken one for the team.
5	At first I debated taking away a star because of the ridiculous wait and no reservations rule (unless you have a party of 8.. or is it 6?), but I decided against it because it's all about the food and service, and Pizzeria Bianco is top-notch in both those departments.  Bar Bianco is next door and a nice atmosphere to wait in, making me usually a few glasses of wine deep when I finally get to eat, which makes the food that much better.  They also offer appetizers at Bar Bianco which are good if you are starving.The Wiseguy pizza is my favorite, the fennel sausage is just unreal it's so good.  A close runner up is the Biancoverde with arugula and ricotta, delicious!  I also love the Margherita. Every bite just melts in your mouth.  To start I always get the Spiedini, which is super salty and amazing.  The salads are always as fresh as can be and the bread is great, too.  It's all about the individual ingredients here- everything is really fresh and simple, and SO good!I think that its worth the wait as long as you are in a mood to not mind waiting and you really want some amazing, fresh pizza.
1	Quite possibly the worst service from the hostesses that I've ever experienced. Flew in from Florida, made reservations for a group of 8, waited over three hours, got yelled at and disrespected on multiple occasions by the hostesses... we were asked to wait across the street at bar during the 3 hours; appetizers and drinks were what held us over. Once they got around to call us in for our table, they refused to seat all of us because only 7 of the 8 group members were present in the courtyard. We went and got the eighth person, who had a chicken wing and a drink in hand from the other bar-- yelling ensued courtesy of the hostesses (?owner) claiming that "this isn't a damn food court." We should have left, but given the investment in time, we went ahead and stayed.Food was decent, definitely not worth the hype. Wait staff were actually pleasant. Restaurant itself was quite hot and humid (obviously because of the oven).Given the utter disrespect that our group received, whatever the reason, I warn others to eat a large meal before going since you'll work up a healthy appetite during your endless wait.
4	My friends family was in town for her college graduation and they asked me to brave the long wait with them to eat at Pizzeria Bianco.  I'd been dying to try this place for a long time now.  It was a ridiculous three hour wait yes, but it's totally fine as long as you're with a fun group of people.  They have a restaurant next door that they own where you can drink as much wine and beer and your heart desires, no wait necessary.  We also got some delicious appetizers - cheese/nuts plate, bowl of the largest yummiest olives I've ever had, and of course we paired all of them with lots of wine.  Finally our table was ready and we decided to go all out and the four of us ordered four pizzas and two salads. Every one was delicious...except one person decided to risk it and order anchovies on top of one of them, which in my opinion ruined that pizza.  All of the cheese melts in your mouth and the salads were so fresh.  Definitely one of the best meals I've ever had, but I don't know that I'd ever have the patience to wait that long again.
3	Pizzeria Bianco... the Paris Hilton of Pizzerias. (Popularity wise.. NOT sleazy overrated celebrity wise)The extremely popular pizzeria captured my interest once I learned that this little restaurant was featured in magazines and even the Food Network. I am definitely a pizza fan so I did my research on this lovely website (Yelp for Life) prior to heading downtown so I could educate myself in what my fellow pizza-lovers had experienced. My roommate and I arrived at around 6:00pm on a Wednesday evening, and just as expected, our wait was 2 hours and 45 minutes. Megan and I made our way to the bar, conveniently located next door in this cozy.. inviting, relaxing home-like building. We ordered a bottle of red wine and sat outside on one of the many benches. Inside, there is cozy seating as well. Our bartender was extremely sweet and came by several times to check on us. The wait is long, yes-BUT if you have some alcoholic beverages in your veins it makes the wait almost a delight. Its a great date idea or, just like in my case, a great way to get you know your friends better. Meg and I talked, shared stories, took silly pictures, and giggled into the evening.We were approached by one of the friendly staff members after almost three hours of waiting and once seated, were greeted immediately by a equally friendly server. The non alcoholic beverage choices were standard, until I saw "Bubble Up" a lemon lime esque beverage. I requested the seemingly refreshing drink, but was told "we are out". This restaurant is only open a couple days a week, for a handful of hours.. and they're OUT of something? Interesting. I got ginger ale instead-which was pretty yummy.On the to the FOOD. Spiedini - Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm as an appetizer. Pretty much cheese and ham... just uber expensive. Not worth $9.00 at all.We ordered two pizzas. The ROSA  (Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios) and the BIANCOVERDE (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula)The pizza came quick, and the portions are quite generous. Of the two pizzas, the Rosa was VERY salty. Too salty. I'm struggling to recall the actual taste of this pizza since all I can remember is the saltiness of it. The Biancoverde was my favorite of the two. The cheese is beyond delicious and the arugula on top gave the pizza an outstanding appearance and unique taste.The reasoning for the moderate rating on Pizzeria Bianco is simply due to the overall experience. The wait, although enjoyable, is something I do not see myself enduring again. Its, in my modest opinion, an overrated restaurant. Honestly, after waiting for three hours on an empty stomach, I think one would appreciate consuming ANY food.  Sure, the ingredients are beyond amazing, and the wood burning HUGE stove is quite a sight, unfortunately I do not see myself returning any time soon.. especially since the weather is getting hotter.. and waiting outside for three hours in the 100+ degree summer (EVENING) weather isn't too appealing to me.
4	Pizzeria Bianco is such a fun place for a night out!  You have to plan on spending several hours on drinks & dinner, though.  My boyfriend and I recently went to Pizzeria Bianco for our anniversary.  We got there at about 4:00, and  still ended up waiting for over two hours, but the bar next door is such a cute place to wait.  We curled up on a couch and drank several glasses of wine.  The whole set-up sort of forces you to slow down and enjoy the company of the people you're with... which is good when you're with someone you enjoy spending time with!I have to say, the pizza itself is very good (and once you get a table, the service is FAST)!  The menu doesn't offer many choices, but it doesn't need to.  You come for the pizza, and that's what you get.  Overall, we had a very fun, somewhat romantic experience.
5	Let me start by saying that I am from the East Coast, have lived in Boston, New York and Connecticut and good pizza has always been at my fingertips. But not like this! I read some reviews before I went and decided that I would get there 3 hours early! They open at 5pm but believe it or not by 2:30, there had to be 40 people waiting outside! Bar Bianco next door opens an hour before The Pizzeria and waitresses serve you cold drinks and appetizers while you wait in line. (Not such a bad idea Mr. Bianco)We were a table of 6 and were able to be seated on the first turn. I ordered a 'Wise Guy', wood roasted onion, smoked mozzarella and fennel sausage. After my first bite I summoned the waiter and ordered a second pizza. "To go?" He asks. "No for right now!" That first bite was like revelation. The crust was crispy but also light and airy almost like freshly made indian naan straight from a tandoor oven. The second pie 'Sonny Boy' was a blend of tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, salami and olives. I had made friends with a guy in line. He was from Italy and had just moved to the States. He said that this is the pizza that tastes the closest to what he grew up eating in Italy.  My personal favorites rank Pizzeria Bianco (PHX), Frank Pepe (CT), Lombardis (NY) and Upper Crust (Boston)This pizza is definitely worth the wait!
1	God damn this place, another hype restaurant. Let me tell you, I showed up 12 minutes after the opening of business hours, I walk in & the F'n staff isn't saying anything to me, just walking back & forth. Finally I stare down some lady, she looks at me & says "were at capacity, you need to come back in 3.5 - 4 hours if you want to eat" You know what, I don't care how F'n great this place is supposed to be, because that is not good practice, it's ridiculous & any moron who waits that long for food is F'd up in the head!!!! You want good Italian food in Phx.? You aint gonna find it here, because once you drive west of the Mississippi you lose the ethnic flavor & rich history of real Italian food, where you can achieve four star worthy dining at many local neighborhood eateries on a poor man's budget without the hype...
2	For this place getting all the hype that it does I was thoroughly disappointed.  I've lived in NYC and all over New England and this place is bunk compared to most places back there.  It's cool he makes his own cheese and all that but this place is not worth waiting in the long line for.  I was expecting it to be like Pepe's Pizza in New Haven, CT. where they also have long lines but it was not even close.  I like the frozen Trader Joe's pizzas better!  And it's super loud and crowded inside, the tables are really close together.  I've thought about giving this place another shot because so many people rave about it but I really don't want to.
1	How is this for poor customer service...by one of the owners...After hearing rave reviews...it's authentic...it's the best pizza ever I figured okay I'll try it. I went the other night with some friends about 8:30pm on a Wed...we finished up about 9:45...it was a weekday and not during there peak hours so it was not too busy. During this time towards the end a friend arrived late because he was in an investor meeting and had good news. This friend won an award for his invention so as a congratulatory present another friend offered to buy him an adult beverage. The waiter came over and was going to get the adult beverage BUT the owner told him NO just give him water and box up there pizza so they can take it to go.I don't know about you but part of one's dining experience along with the quality of food is how one is treated. I went once and as a result of the service I'll never go back. A place that you should try though is Pie Zanos...the food is delicious...half the price....and the owner is awesome...he will treat you right.
5	I absolutely love Pizzeria Bianco!  The menu is limited, but it works for me!  For appetizers we get the Spiedini, for salad their caprese salad, and Wiseguy pizza!  Its all so savory, delicious, overall the best pizza around.  Wait time can be lengthy, so good to show up as early as possible, wait at Bar Bianco, where they have amazing wines and snacks, enjoy the bar that is a renovated historic home, its a great experience!
4	Money can't buy you class, but 30$ (approx) can buy you the most spectacular dinner at Pizzeria Bianco! I'm torn between giving it 4 or 5 stars. In the end, I decided on 4 because 1) there's no 1/2 star and 2) the goshdarn wait! We were a larger party (8) so I did try to make a reservation in advance but calling 2 weeks in advance is not enough. You need to call a month in advance apparently. The first time I called the woman who answered was very abrupt and basically told me "no". But I was so hell bent on making it happen I called again and the second time a different woman was very friendly and told me other options making it sound possible.So i took her advice and went in at 5:30, put our names in, went back to where we were staying for awhile, called at 7, and returned with everybody at 8pm. We were seated very shortly after arriving. For the most part service was friendly, some more than others, some were abrupt but i really can't complain. (I heard the owner has asthma and is not there very often anymore?) So the most important--the food. We started with the farmer's market salad and the antipasti plate which had the most delicious roasted vegetables!( I woke up the next day thinking about them) They are not to be missed! And then since we had a large group, we ordered one of every pizza to try. I really enjoyed the wise guy pizza which has fennel sausage and to which we added mushrooms--good call. Another favorite was the one with pistachio nuts. A surprising fave was the cheeseless pizza which had a really rich,flavorful tomato sauce and went well with the wine we ordered (can't remember the name but it was a local wine, [who woulda thought Arizona has good wines?], a sangiovese) All in all we had a lovely evening and everyone in the group enjoyed the pizzas. i think there were different favorites among everyone so all pizzas can and should be recommended. It just takes a little planning to make it all come together. I would love to visit again and maybe give it that 5th star.My pizza book #1 Mozza (LA) #2 Pizzeria Bianco
1	I will equate our dining experience at Pizzeria Bianco to that of the election of Obama.  All media hype and sensationalism perpetuated by tree-hugging democrats; frankly I would be shocked if my husband and I weren't the only two customers there high on pot.  The pizza is NOTHING to be impressed by as are the greasy goat cheese appetizers.  We waited two hours to eat "the best pizza in the US" and "Oprah's favorite pizza".  Please.  The ONLY thing that this place has going for it is its atmosphere and its wait staff.  We will not be going back and I shall forever feel sorry for the people who continue to waste their lives away by waiting 2 to 3 HOURS to eat salty pizza (which is too thin to support a teaspoon of sauce before it turns limp and soggy) and who profess its brilliance to everyone not 'fallen under its spell'.
5	When everything seems to consistently single out Pizzeria Bianco as the place to go in Phoenix, how can you not go?We arrived before 3:00 and were the third group in line.  I suppose it is rather ridiculous to line up that early when it doesn't open until 5:00, but such is life.  Bianco regulars that showed up later seemed to be used to it.  There are seats and benches outside under the shade where you can bade your time, or you can wander around the (somewhat limited) area.While there are many terrific pizza places, what made Pizzeria Bianco a defining pizza experience for me was the balance.  There are lots of places with good dough, good sauce, good cheese, and good toppings, but a true standout pizzeria will make all the individual ingredients work together to make something truly delicious that haunts your taste buds for more, even weeks later.The Biancoverde was the clear winner.  Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, ricotta, and arugula.  Sounds pretty simple, but it was combined to make something magical.  Crispy and smokey from the wood fire oven, sharp salty savoriness from the Parmigiano Reggiano, creamy from the ricotta and mozzarella, cut by a slight bitterness from the arugula.The smokiness of the smoked mozzarella played well off of the sweet caramelized onions and fennel sausage in the Wiseguy.  I thought the Margherita would be the somewhat boring pie, but it went over just as well as the other pies.The antipasto plate was also quite amazing.  The pairings of roasted vegetables, sopressata, and cheese worked in delicious harmony.Definitely do your homework prior to coming if you want a good experience.  Slice has an excellent primer to get you ready.http://slice.seriouseats.com/archives/2009/12/i-finally-go-to-pizzeria-bianco-phoenix-arizona-az-amazing-pizza.html
5	Here is my (probably not unique) take on Pizzeria Bianco: Don't come here on a budget, order away, and leave satisfied. Don't expect to walk right in, unless you plan ahead (get there at 4pm), *and* come on an off night. Life isn't fair, so pay attention to who is arriving before and after you as you arrive (if early) as we have been placed on the honor system, otherwise you may not make the first wave. So, on to the grub. They have (uber-cold) 4peaks Sunbru on draft. This beer HAS to be super cold for me to like it, and it was that, and it pairs great with pasta/pizza. We started off with the Antipasto, and yeah, we ate it all. The veggies cooked in wood gave it a nice flavor. Not necessarily the best antipasto ever, but different, and an excellent appetizer. We ordered a Sonny Boy (Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives) and a Wiseguy (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage). The Wiseguy is a white pizza, which I am usually not too fond of, but the fennel sausage and ultra thin crust it was excellent. The real winner in this meal was the Sonny Boy. Literally covered in thin, crisping salami and mozzarella cheese that actually had flavor, this was hands down the best pizza I have ever had the pleasure of eating. I will come here again, early, hopefully often.
4	After seeing this restaurant's Rosa Pizza, I knew I would get myself to this place come he** or high water.Saturday night, 7:30 pm, 3 hour wait.  Thank goodness I read the reviews here so I wasn't surprised.  4 people who were going to eat with me and my friend high-tailed it out of there when they heard the wait time. We stuck it out with a couple of glasses of muscato from Bar Bianco next door. Dessert first.We were lucky, we were seated within 2.5 hours instead of the 3 hour wait we were promised.My Rosa pizza was very good hot from the oven.  Not so much the next day room temp in the hotel room.  Would I go again? absolutely!  It was everything I had envisioned in my head for the last 4 months!The Wiseguy with the fennel sausage was not so great.  Both my friend and I concurred that the sausage would be better as ground sausage rather than the slices they used.  I guess they should have asked us.
2	People must rate this place high because they are just that hungery when they finally get to sit down.  I don't understand at all what the fuss is about.  No way in hell is this "the best pizza in America" as Oprah and Rachel Ray say; they must have some investment in this place because this pizza is nothing special.  The pizza's are overpriced (like $15-$20) for a personal pizza.  Maybe because there are no brick oven places out in the valley like back East I'm used to, is why this place is so hyped.  You can get much better pizza at Spinato's in Tempe or anywhere else in Chicago, NJ or New York.  Not worth a 30 minute wait, let alone the 2-3 hour wait people seem to do. Thanks but no thanks.
4	Visiting from LA, and I was NOT going to miss Pizzeria Bianco. What kind of yelper would I be? So my friend and I got there at 5pm on a Wed, put our names on THE LIST, headed next door for some wine, and settled on a bench outside for the 2.5 hour wait. Luckily the sun was shining, and the refreshing glass of Riesling hit the spot. I wish I could say the time passed quickly, but it didn't. At least we were seated after 2 hours, and I will honestly say that I've never been so excited about pizza.We ordered the farmer's market salad, the margherita pizza, and the marinara pizza with roasted mushrooms. The margherita pizza was good, but the marinara pizza made the 2 hour wait worth it. A simple cheese-less pizza with tomato sauce, oregano, and garlic, it was simply incredible.  The sauce tasted fresh and very garlicky.  The crust was thin and chewy, charred in some places, but that's to be expected when baked in a wood-fire oven. I read that Chris Bianco's favorites are the Rosa and Marinara.  Definitely with him on the Marinara. Outstanding.I normally like thick crust pizzas, but this was the best pizza - thick or thin - that I've had. Would I wait again for it? Probably not, so if you need an extra person to make a reservation for a party of 6, give me a call.
4	I'll keep it short and sweet.  We went on a saturday, my husband and I's date night.  We knew we would have a wait, it was 2-2/12 hours, that is acceptable knowing what we were waiting for!  We always sit at the bar, the bartender is wonderful!  This time around we decided to try one piza that we hadn't had before.  We started with Speidini and the handmade mozzerella salad.  Always a treat.  Eating their mozzerella makes me want to learn how to make it!  For pizza's we went with the Wiseguy and the Rosa.  Both were delicious.  And we always get one to take home, so we went with the margherita.For anyone that gives this place a bad review, 1) You don't know what excellent pizza is.2) You didn't do your research to know to expect to wait3) You eat at too many chains!I will always be willing to wait the 2+ hours, as long as Bar Bianco is open.  We tried the rose and the crown for a drink and you are better off at Bar Bianco.
5	I can't really add much to the hundreds of reviews already on this place other than to reinforce that it is quite the experience to eat at this place!  I have been twice over the years and would definitely go back if given the opportunity.  Expect to wait!!!  Pizzeria Bianco has their system down.  They open for dinner only and people get there early (like 2 hours early) and wait in line.  When they open the doors, they take you in order.  If you are not towards the front of the line, don't think you will get seated first round because this place is SMALL!  Your name then gets put on "the list" and you are free to wander about for a couple hours.  I have heard of people coming to downtown to watch a baseball game (the stadium is walking distance) and they put their name in at Pizzeria Bianco first, go watch the game, and then make it back in time for the reservation.  Genius!Other than the wait, you MUST like THIN CRUST pizza.  Chicago style lovers beware.  You will not get your usual carb overload here.  Sorry.  This pizza is made fresh with really fresh ingredients.  They don't mess around.  And don't think you can order extra pizzas to take home.  It's not allowed - at least not when I was there.  This of this place similar to the "Soup Nazi" episode of Seinfeld.  "No pizza for you!!"I will definitely love to go back if I can find someone willing to wait with me.
5	Decided on a whim at the last minute to go here for dinner tonight, I guess that's not the thing to do here.  Worked out perfect though, arrived at just about 4pm to see a hand full of people waiting and the the restaurant didn't open till 5pm.  After a short debate we decided to stay, it helped that there was ample shade.  The wait while hot was not uncomfortable and for the most part, newbies and veterans honored each others arrival order.  40 seats is not much for a place that does this much business and it was surprising to learn that most waiting were from out of town.  I also learned that reservations are accepted on line for parties of 6 to 10 and only 3 reservations per night.  Reservations are usually 1 1/2 to 2 months out.  Luckily for us there was only one reserved table for 10 ahead of everyone.  5 o'clock rolled around and the loading procedure ran smooth as clock work and we had drink and food orders in by quarter after.  Service was excellent and fast with just the right amount of time between salad and main course.  I could not have asked for much more from my food, maybe a bit more basil on my mozzarella and tomato salad, everything was amazing including my Mexican coke.  We ordered 2 pizzas, both wood fire baked to perfection.  I could have eaten a whole loaf of the bread that comes with the salads, or for $2 on its own.  None of our food was greasy or soggy, the olive oil they use is excellent and the fresh mozzarella mouth watering.  I will go back again, planning on getting there an hour before opening.  Although the food is amazing and well worth an hours wait in the Phoenix sun and heat, I would not wait for 4 to 6 hours as some people do.  So for me this was a win and a lucky last minute dinner decision.
5	This is for all your Pizzeria Bianco virgins. I am astonished with all the negative reviews this place is getting because of the "long wait." So here it is, I have been coming here with my husband and friends for a couple years now and never once have we ever had a bad experience. Yes, there is a longer wait than usual, but make the best of it. You're here to have fun, enjoy lively conversations with friends, and just enjoy yourself. If you're in a hurry to get out of there, this is not the place to go. First thing first, if going on a Friday or Saturday night, show up no later than 4:30. The place doesn't open up till 5 o'clock, but you want to get in line early so the hostess can take your name. As my husband is waiting in line, I usually grab a glass of wine and get him a beer. I typically grab a table while he's waiting in line. So once the doors open the line moves fairly quickly, once she grabs your name, let her know where you'll be sitting. Usually a quarter of the people that were waiting leave anyway because they're shocked about the wait. So that bumps you up a couple of spaces. So once that happens, we usually order an app or two if we're with friends and have a great time!  Time flies when you're having fun, so make the best of it. As many times as I've been there, I don't think we've waited more than three hours. Big deal anyway, good wine, good food, good company makes it all worth it. So once you're ready the hostess comes to get you and seats you right away. The staff is always pleasant and friendly. I suggest the caprese salad, the best!! All these pizzas are delicious, Try them all! The bread is fresh and warm, the pizzas are packed with flavor in every bite, I love it. It's a wonderful experience, I suggest going there when you're not in a rush and go with a group. By the way, if you have a group of more than 6 you can make reservations, and no you don't have to do it a month in advance. Just be sure to do it a couple days before. So shame on all those who bash on this restaurant because of the wait, or the staff or even the pizza. It's not named one of the best pizzerias in the nation for nothing!
5	who woulda thunk that the best pizza was not in new york, nor in LA, nor Chicago, but ARIZONA??  yes, folks, it's true.   I've had my fair share of the best pies in New York having lived there for seven years, and now that I'm in LA, Mozza made me do the nod, but there's something about Bianco that takes the cake, not by a mile, per se, but just enough to make you go "hmmmm...."  So what is it that makes Bianco the best?  I can't really pinpoint it, but I'm going to go with the crust.  That crust....Thin, and crispy (not soggy), chewy and, and, and..... just really damn good.  But be prepared to wait.  Get drunk while you do... :)
5	Believe the hype people this place serves up some of the best pizza around.  We were in AZ visiting friends so on our way to their house, aware of the outrageous wait times,  we stopped by this place and put our names down. They told us it would be a 4 1/2 hour wait. This was at 6pm. So we left an returned right before 10:30 and still had to wait for another hour. Finally, we were seated and we tried the Rosa and the Wise Guy. The Rosa was definitely our favorite, loved the combination of pistachios, rosemary, red onion and cheese!
5	I was on my way to Tucson from LA, so I had to check out what's the hoopla about this place.We got there around 4pm before they are open.  There were already a few people waiting around.  So we went to the bar next door to get a drink.  It was one of those hot Phoenix day, the sun was out, good thing there were a few shaded trees around.We got lucky to get the first round of seating, once they open.  We ordered a salad and a couple of thin crusted pizzas which I thought they were very good.  The dough was very tasty.  I have to agree with most people that this is probably one of the best pizza places in the US, having enjoyed real Italian pizzas in Napoli. I understand why the place it packed and having such a long wait.  The restaurant itself is very small.  They could easily move and double the size of the dinning area, and still able to pack them in.Great pizza at reasonable price.  Too bad they are in Phoenix not LA.
5	I'll probably develop skin cancer from being blasted by UV rays emanating from the blazing desert sun while waiting in line for Chris Bianco's pizza. But I'll likely continue to stand in line, roasting in the blazing heat, for a chance to jam yet another Wiseguy or Rosa pizza down my throat.
3	After seeing this place talked about on TV and via word of mouth, I expected amazing pizza.  Unfortunately, the margherita pizza by itself won't even make my top 10 list.  However, when I added prosciutto, sopersatta, and garlic to my second one, it was phenomenal.  Of course, adding those toppings to any pizza would make it great, but I like the way the edges of the meat get slightly burnt and the prosciutto covers the entire slice.  The bread by itself is worth getting... super light, airy, nutty, and fruity all at the same time!  We got there way before opening and were the next to get in when the restaurant filled.  But, no big deal, went to the bar next door and got called to the restaurant in an hour.  The bar has 2 drafts and 6 bottles.  The restaurant has a crappy beer selection... one draft only?!  Losing major points for that... pizza and beer is a great combo and they're missing out on the opportunity to sell beer.  It's a cool building and I respect the pizza makers... It is 4 star pizza, but the hype is overdone and it has to lose a star when you need to wait in 120 degree weather for a few hours to get a pizza that only deserves a little hype.
1	Pizzeria ButanaWhere they treat their customers like dogs!
4	Visited Pizzeria Bianco last night, had to wait ~2hrs to get a table.  But sitting at Bar Bianco next door was just fine for me.  A few drinks and some great appetizers with good conversation was a great way to pass the time. Got the Antipasto - Wood Roasted Vegetables, Sopressata, Bite of Cheese, the farmers market salad - Honeydew Melon with a thin slice of prosciutto on top.  Pizza - ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios.  Everything was great!  Rosa had a lot of Red Onion though, probably would have been better with a large group to share instead of the only pizza for 2 people. Baseball Fans - check in before you go to the game and then come back after the game for a late dinner!
4	Be prepared to wait. We waited 3 hours to eat here last time. It is tough to say any meal is worth that kind of wait, but the pizza was excellent and the staff was friendly. Next time I am in the area I will probably stop by and put my name on the list, go run some errands, get ready, etc then head over to the pizzeria. There is not a lot to do in the area for 3 hours, so be prepared. Right across from the restaurant is a small pub and right next door is a wine bar. Both are chill places, so grab a drink and socialize. The pizza is light and crispy, just how an Italian style pizza should be. We shared the Sonny Boy and Biancoverde pizzas, plus a Spiedini to start. Both were quite tasty. I enjoyed the open kitchen and the selection of bottled sodas. Make the wait at least one time while you are in Phoenix and decided for yourself.I came here again when I was in town for the All-Star Game in July. The pizza is still great. I tried the Magherita with Prosciutto. It was really good. The best idea was to rush over here before the crowd at the game and enjoy pizza without waiting.
3	We went there almost a year ago... so this review might be a bit dated.Now lemme give the reason for the 3/5 stars. This place is definitely overhyped. It was 8 of us and we waited for 3-4 hours at their conveniently located bar next door. Once we got seated, there was a rush to place the orders. Since we'd heard so much about "The best pizza in US", we pretty much ordered everything on the menu.Most of the pizzas were good. Nothing revolutionary, but good. Unfortunately, the last pizza we got (cheese and spinach) had burnt cheese in it. Not the kind where u burn it while cooking, but the one that was made with burnt milk. Two of us noticed it while the rest waved it off as "It's Bianco! how can it be burnt!"...So, my problem with the place wasn't the overall taste of food. I think it was decent. Just the hype about it. Right after having this pizza, I went to a tiny unknown place in Maryland which served amazing pizzas! So to people who go crazy over Bianco, I'd suggest going out and just trying random lil places.. they might actually blow ur taste buds away.. instead of the 3 hr wait..
5	Completely worth the wait! If you can plan ahead they do take reservations for parties of six or more. I recommend planning ahead for this one. Mr. Bianco is one of kind. He is the only one to touch your pizza, and he makes sure that only the best goes on it!
5	Here at Pizzeria Bianco - Truly the best pizza in America (experts choice) and definitely my choice! Service is amazing and food is truly the best tasting I have ever had. I tried NY Pizza, CA Pizza, Chi Town Pizza and even when we went to Italy where it all began and this spot is truly the best out of all of them! Plus it's in Phoenix! Yeeeeaaaahhhhh!
5	I was first informed of Pizzeria Bianco from watching a Bon Appetit special on Food Network that featured the best of "...". Third place was Mozza in Los Angeles, Second was Di Fara's and the best in the country was Pizzeria Bianco. Coming from a renowned source making a "best in the country" statement is pretty bold. Why Lombardi's in NY or Frank Pepe's in New Haven didn't finish top 3, I'll never know...So I had a floating holiday that I took and decided to take the family to Phoenix, AZ. The main reason? To call out Bon Appetit on their bluff. Read up from many sources, like Yelp and Chowhound, and was told to get in line at least 1.5 hours before they open @ 5pm. You can read from the other reviews that they spent 3-4 hours waiting to get in. Plan ahead and you'll avoid their fates...Got there @ 3:15pm on a Friday with mags and a cold drink. Within 15 mins, two cars pulled into the parking lot and within 30 minutes, twenty people lined up behind me. Thank God I did not take the warning lightly and so we waited...Finally opened @ 5pm and not a second earlier. Got seated and we ordered the homemade mozzarella, tomatoes and basil appetizer. The real deal definitely tastes different than the factory produced ones: it had texture and character, but could use a splash of balsamic vinegar. Highly recommended. We then ordered the Margherita (ask for extra basil) and the Wiseguy. The Wiseguy was thick wood roasted onions, house smoked mozzarella and fennel sausage. While other tables took their leftovers home, we demolished dem two pizzas. The verdict: while it was the best pizza I had on the west coast, I must say it was not the best in the country, although it came very close. I am thankful that they are only 6 hours away from So Cal, so a weekend trip can be had at any time.Housekeeping notes: Make sure to start a wait list. There are going to be snakes that try to jump the line. Pizzeria Bianco doesn't start their list until 5pm, so that only applies to the second seating. Bring reading materials and cold drinks (as it was 100 outside).Stay hungry, my friends...and good eatings!
1	Showed up 15 min before opening, 50 people were already waiting. We were a party of 6 and were given a 2 hour + wait time!! Not a good place for parties over 4, sweet spot is a party of two. I would recommend arriving 30 min before opening, to ensure you get in. Have eaten there before, food is outstanding.... But extremely hard to justify the wait.
5	After reading the long waits and snippy hostess reviews, I was a little skeptical about the quality of Pizzeria Bianco. Wow was I wrong! The wait was totally worth it, and the food had a quality higher than any other pizza joint I have visited. I had the Margherita, and I recommend it, though I heard the WiseGuy is also amazing. All in all, if you can deal with the wait (sometimes up to four and a half hours!), you will be rewarded.
2	From what I heard and read about Pizzeria Bianco, I was expecting Pizza Of The Gods - not kind of okay pizza.My boyfriend and I had spent the day in downtown Phoenix, and decided to give Bianco a try. We got there a little after 4, and were 12 and 13th in like respectively (it was a weekday.) We were in the first group seated, which was a relief after the August heat.Although I was braced for serious rudeness, the service was polite, and one of the waiters was willing to take a moment to explain the menu, which I appreciated.We ordered the Margherita and the Rosa. The Margherita wasn't bad. I mean, it was cheese pizza with some basil leaves. Edible, certainly, but by no means a revelation. The Rosa, on the other hand, was awash in olive oil. It was massively greasy, almost to the point of being inedible.I don't know if it was the people in the building, or the building itself, but the acoustics were terrible - my boyfriend and I could barely hear each other.In all honesty, I've had much  more pleasant dining experiences at Buca De Bepo and Oreganos. So much for the best pizza on the west coast.
4	I've been waiting to try Pizzeria Bianco for a few years.  I've been an avid Grimaldi's fan for quite some time so I wanted to see how this place stacked up.  We arrived a little before 4:00 and there were 2 groups waiting already.  Within about 10 minutes 8+ more groups arrived.  After bearing the 100 + degree weather we were finally let in at 5.  My group ordered a Margherita, Sonny Boy and Wise Guy.  It was the general consensus that the Sonny Boy was the best.   While the pizza was fantastic I don't think it trumps Grimaldi's.  I would definitely come back, but having to stand in line for at least an hour means it will be awhile before that happens.If you love pizza you should definitely check this place out, at least once, to say you've been to the so-called "Best Pizza in America"
3	For my birthday, the wife planned a trip to try the best pizza in america. We flew in from San Diego on Fri afternoon, immediately went to Pizzeria Bianco at 330pm and was the 3rd group in line. Weather was about 110 degrees, so we acknowledged each other by eye contact, but limited talking or movements. The staff at the bar (opens at 4) was very friendly, provided water and drinks. By the time 5 rolled around, the line was past the bar area. Summary of eats:-Antipasto which consisted of wood roasted vegetables (red peppers, mushrooms, fennel, cauliflower, and beets), cheese and Sopressata.-Rosa Pizza (Red Onion, Parmigiana Reggiano, Rosemary, Pistachios)-WiseGuy Pizza (Carmelized Onion, Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage)Conclusion: The antipasto was a pleasant surprise, with the mushroom and fennel being the highlight. We were not a fan of the pizzas. The Rosa pizza was too strong in parmigiana and overpowered the entire pizza. Unless you're a avid fan of parmigiana, I wouldn't order again. The WiseGuy pizza was ok, nothing extraordinary. The fennel sausage had good balance flavor. The pizza dough was good balance and nice char. Considering the efforts and reputation, we were definitely expecting alot more. Many warned me that the pizza would not live to the expectation and sadly they are correct. However, we have visited other restaurants with just as much hype and they have delivered above our expectations. Thank goodness Mozza is within driving distance.
4	Where to start...I guess the first thing to start with is that if you don't show up to put your name on the list before this place opens up you can forget about having anywhere near a normal dining experience.This was our second time there and the first nearly ruined it.  We originally stumbled across this place on a recommendation by some friends that swear it's the best in the country.  It top notch and definitely in the hunt for the top 5, but the wait and process takes a lot from it.  Normally you'd expect a place that is packed with a waiting list from open to close to want to expand, but this is exactly the reason that this place will always be this way.  You see... They own a little wine bar adjacent that dishes out beer, wine and appetizers to all those waiting to eat there.  And from sitting at the first seating and hearing people told a 3 plus hour wait from the hostess, I feel their pain.Onto the food... Their fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil and olive was good and highlighted by the top quality olive oil found atop this concotion.For the pizzas, we have done the same the last two times there - the wiseguy (carmalized onions, fennel sausage on a tomato sauceless pizza) and the biancoverde (ricotta arugula and cheese on a tomato sauceless pizza as well) except we always add the proscutto di parma to it.  Both were terrific and yielded leftovers for us.  In fact, I think the only tomato sauced pizza is the margherita.  If you plan it right and eat an early dinner or at least plan to stop in near 5 to put youself in the queue, you should enjoy this true Italian style pizza that is so hard to find here in the states.
4	Get here early & grab a beer or glass of wine then u wait :)Showing up early is key for this famous and popular pizzeria.  Our neighbors in CA recommended Pizzeria Bianco and we had to try it.  They open at 5pm so show up around 4pm and get in line.  While you wait (here's the genius idea on their part) you can grab a drink at their bar, which is just next door.  I love the crust.  It's chewy and has a great bite.  The menu is small but satifying.  The flavors are clean and fresh.  Just good old traditional Italian pizza.  I had the Biancoverde with proscuitto.  It's divine!  My husband had the Wiseguy - it seems to be a favorite among the guys.  The pizza is cooked in a traditional wood fire oven.  The ingredients are simple but the execution is wonderful.  It's all about clean fresh quality ingredients.
5	15 minute wait.  BAM.We started off with the spiedini, which was delicious.  We did a half-and-half Rosa and Wiseguy, and let me just say, it was amazing.  New York pizza was screaming at me, bitter and betrayed, and I ignored it because I was busy having a freaking love affair with that pizza.  I'm still thinking about it right now...Not in a creepy way.  In a foodie way.We ended our charming meal with some really amazing cappuccinos.  And did I mention the 15 minute wait?Oh, I did.  Twice.
4	The Pizzeria Bianco Date Night:If you're gonna show up at Pizzeria Bianco and wait for hours upon hours anyway...might as well make a nice day out of it. Bring the following things:-Reusable cloth grocery bag-Large blanket/beach towels-Playing cards and/or board games-Disposable ice chest (if you don't want to buy beer/beverages from Bar Bianco)-Sunscreen-Frisbee (optional)There are ample patches and hills of nice soft green grass in and around heritage square...absolutely perfect spots for a makeshift picnic. Pack everything in the cloth bag and show up to PB around 4:30 or so. You'll have to stand in line for a few minutes to put your name in...but once you do...it's Picnic time! Find a nice shaded grassy hill...there's a quite ideal one over towards the Science Center. Lay out your towels and make a fun evening of it. You can relax with some beverages while playing cards with your significant other and as a nice side effect the people watching can be pretty great while you do so. By doing this, you're really killing two birds with one stone...you're getting to have a nice picnic...and as a side effect...you're negating the whole negative aspect of going to Pizzeria Bianco...the wait. Once your name gets called you simply toss everything back in the bag, throw the disposable cooler out...and voila...you're ready to have some great pizza in a cozy rustic pizza joint after your picnic. I really don't see why you'd want to do anything else...it's making the best of a less than ideal situation. Each time I go there I see people lethargically pacing around with a beer, bored out of their gourd...I just don't get it...might as well try and have some fun. Now on to Pizzeria Bianco itself...I didn't feel the need to really add too much content about the place itself, because what's already been said by the 300+ reviews is more than sufficient. I will say this...the pizza is great, but it's not all that different than pizza you can get at Cibo for example, where the wait is almost non-existent. What Pizzeria Bianco is, however...is a dining experience every Phoenix foodie must check off their bucket list at least one time. 4/5.
5	I have been to Pizzeria Bianco a few times now and have loved every visit! My trick is to get there around 4:15 (during months when the weather is nice), get in line, and send someone to the bar to grab drinks to make waiting in line a little bit more enjoyable.  Doors open at 5, you get in with the first seating and you're good to go.  Or, if you don't get in the first seating, you put your name on the list (maybe a 45-60 min wait) and you go find a table in the bar and order an appetizer.My first trip to Bianco, I was wondering if I would be able to tell if it really was better than the rest.  (Please note, this was several years ago when I was early in my "good pizza" knowledge).  For me, this pizza got better with every bite.  It went something like . . .First bite:  Yeah, this is good.Second bite:  Wow, I really like this sauce.Third bite:  Man, these tomatoes are really fresh!Fourth bite:  OK, I'm impressed, the sausage isn't greasy at all!The Wiseguy and the Margarita are my favorites.  Oh, and I really love that arugula one.  Ok, they are all great.  They have a great antipasto platter too!I understand that people are frustrated by the long wait and the small space.  What I don't understand are all of the demands or suggestions.  "Bianco needs to do something about the long wait.""They need to serve us faster.""They need a bigger space."They need to do this . . .They should really do that . . .The way I see it, they really don't have to do anything!  It seems to me their business is running quite well as it is.  If they choose not to open up more tables, or get a bigger space, or whatever it is, at the risk of lowering the quality of the food, then I have to respect that.Just my two cents.  Take it or leave it.
4	I was passing through Phoenix one night on a road trip, so I decided to search around for some good eats. Pizzaria Bianco seemed to be the place with the most buzz; despite my trepidation about the long waits, I was curious as to what all the chatter was about. My companion and I rolled in about 7:30 that Saturday night, talked to a friendly hostess, and were told that the wait was 2 1/2 hours. I'd anticipated this, so we went off to run some errands during the wait. We also killed some time in the "bar next door." (One might also call it an ingenious scam, since certainly no one in Bar Bianco was there to drink but to eat Bianco pizza, and with all that room they could expand the establishment or at least serve pizza out on the patios, which they don't appear to do.) Upon seating, about 2 hours into said wait, we ordered a Wise Guy (onion, smoked mozzarella, fennel sausage) and a Biancoverde (mozzarella, Parmesan, ricotta, arugula); the waiter kindly steered us in the direction of putting red sauce on our Wise Guy, so we'd not have two all white pizzas. In the end, we enjoyed it this way, but I'm still curious about the intended flavor of the Wise Guy. The Biancoverde was authentic, rich, and purely delicious. Some might call it too much, too heavy, but it suited my taste that night. And, to agree with some other reviewers, the pizza was mostly crisp, but then soggy toward the center.I wouldn't call the pizza at Pizzaria Bianco the best in the world, country, or even my personal experience; nor would I call it worth a 2-3 hour wait. But I would call it a worthy meal. The atmosphere is trendy and warm, the staff is attentive, and the prices are perfectly reasonable. Give it a go if you have the time. I recommend attending as an individual or a couple, so you're in faster -- the hostess will offer to bump you up on the list if there's room at the bar.
4	Three years ago we stopped into this joint, only hearing about it on Oprah.  First things first, you are going to wait no matter what time of day you go unless you are the first person in line when it opens (good luck with that).   In fact, I put my  name on the wait list, then went  to watch my beloved Dodgers playing the Dbacks at Chase Field for 6 innings, then walked back and we still waited another 30 minutes!   So naturally, the question to ask is "was it worth the wait?"  To that I answer a resounding 100% yes!  What was impressive was that the owner Mr. Bianco was the only person who cooked every pizza ordered.  Of course he had wait staff, and he had people helping him in the kitchen, but when it came to actually placing toppings and placing the pizza in the brick oven, watching it cook and taking it out when it was ready to be served, it was all him.  I don't know if he still does this now as I heard he was cutting back for health reasons.  But back then, you talk about dedication to your craft and putting care and attention to each pizza personally, Mr. Bianco did it.  In fact, the kitchen was open for patrons to view so I actually watched him do this time and time again for every order.  It is a shame if he does not do this anymore as patrons going now are missing that TLC he provided to every pizza made which I believe makes the difference.   Getting to the pizza I had, it was freaking amazing, and I have had Tottono's NY, Lombardi's NY, Bronx Pizza in SD, and Gino's East in Chicago.   Thin crust is always a favorite for me and the crust consistency was amazing, crunchy, perfectly baked, and the toppings and sauce and cheese...well it makes my mouth water like a pavlovian dog just thinking about it now.   The dining atmosphere was also pleasant, brick themed building, seating was ample, but then again it probably felt that way because every seat was always taken.Again, be prepared to wait, but I would suggest to do like what local Zonies do, bring some friends, some bottle of wine, find a picnic table outside and enjoy the hot AZ evenings.  (I don't know what you would do in the winter though) Or go and watch a baseball game at Chase Field (that stadium is niceee) to pass the time while waiting.    West coast pizza is well represented by this joint, but then again would you expect anything less from the Best Coast?
3	Had heard about this place and said if I was ever in Phoenix, I would give it a try... Pizza was okay, partly my fault for the coice of toppings. But I would highly recommend the Spiedini, OM Gosh...What a treat...Prosciutto di Parma wrapped around Fontina cheese, the flavors are amazing... I also had the Farmers Market Salad which had peach slices, blue cheese and fresh arugula...
4	I give it Four stars as a whole. The pizza's are 3-4 stars. I did  like the resturant and the lounge nxt door. Not worth a 3hr wait. If you have time to kill at the louge then ok. We ordered all the pies on the menu.The pistachio was the best. The Margeritta with pepperoni was nxt. All the others were just okay. The Crust looks Great , But needs work.I've had better pizza's when i do business in San Fransico.
5	Sooooo much hype they don't need my review, but this is one of my favorite places to eat in the country. Lots and lots of atmoshere! Bring a date and enjoy your 3 hour wait over a couple bottles of wine and a cheese plate, it is worth it. Chris Bianco is a pizza god, we are all lucky to eat his food.
3	There's so many reviews of this place that I'll keep mine short.  The wait was long.  (Several hours)  The prices were fair.  The servers were nice.  The pizza was fine.  Nothing special.  I wouldn't do the wait again, but if there was no wait I would go back.
5	The wait is completely worth it.  (just don't go before sunset if you'll wilt)Price:  GreatAtmosphere:  GreatService: GreatTaste: Like no pizza ever beforeThis is not just the best pizza you've had, it doesn't compare to the greasy, saucy pies we all love.  The oven or the ingredient or some kind of mystical alchemy really make this food shine and satisfy.  If you've been told Cibo or Liberty Market are "just as good", you've been lied to. Yes, those places both make good pies, but it's not the same.  Take a few friends, put your name on the list and have a few rounds at the Rose & Crown across the yard.  When it's you're turn, you'll be happy you waited.
4	excellent pizzza! just make sure you plan your whole night around it because the wait will be 2 hours. they have a wine bar next store and it helps the time pass...
5	The pizza combinations don't get better than Pizzeria Bianco! Of course there's a wait, but here's the way you do it. First, go with a group, 4-6 people. It makes the entire experience better and you can try all of the different pizzas. Next, make sure someone in your group gets there at 4:30 to wait in line and put your name on the list - Being in the first wave of people is great, but I prefer to be in the second wave who gets to go in. Being in the second wave, with a group, allows you time to hang out at the bar next door and wait for the server to come get your group. However, your group should probably buy the person who gets there early a round or two.Once you get in, go all out, order an appetizer, order a pizza (and put more stuff on it!), and go for a dessert. The service is excellent and you won't be disappointed! Just make sure to invite me with your group!
5	Yes I know, you have a long wait to get a table. But all good things come to those who wait. And everything about this place is good! The salads, the antipasto, the pizzas. I love it all. The Bianco Verde is my favorite...followed by the Rosa. My mouth watters just thinking about it. The crust is crisp and chewy and the topings are always balanced perfectly. Staff was always friendly and inviting and remembers you. The drink menu is good and if you do not find what you like there you are more then welcome to get a drink at the bar next door and bring it over. Before I moved from Phoenix this was one of the only places I wanted to go to eat. I will miss it greatly and cannot wait untill I visit again to have my taste buds pleased in the way only Bianco's can do!
5	Ok, I like a lot of different types of pizza, so to say this is my favorite pizza in the world is hard to do. I have had a million pizza's in Italy, Chicago, New York, all the best pizza places. This is my favorite pizza. And my favorite restaurant. DO NOT GO HERE ON A FIRST DATE. You have to love the one you're with. Because you have to be patient. You can't get out of it. You will spend 2 and a half to 5 hours with them. The first time I went, I was not aware of the state of wait. So I drank at the amazingly cute bar next door. And drank. And drank. Drunk me shoved pizza topped with pistachios down my throat. Drunk me ranted and raved about how amazing the pizza was, but drunk me doubted my alcohol induced review. So I went back, socialized more, didn't chug my wine, and enjoyed my company. The pizza was even better. The crust will satisfy any "type" of pizza lover. It is hard to explain the consistency, but I am sure it has something to do with the really neat wood burning, brick made fire going in the corner. Some people want fast food, they don't like long lines, they think the wait is ridiculous. So here are our options. 1. They go to reservations only. All of a sudden, normal people like us don't even get to ever try this place. 2. They make a chain. Quality goes down cause the man himself ain't makin' the pies. 3. They build a new restaurant. BOOM. Ambiance gone, atmosphere screwed, screaming kids everywhere cause the wait is short enough to tote the young ones with... Boo. Deal with it, enjoy it, because there is no where else in town you will be able to tell people that you waited for a table for 5 hours and IT WAS WORTH IT!
4	Been dying to come here for quite some time and finally got a chance during a business trip. So, I've tried many of the so called "best pizza in US" places such as this. Is it the best pizza I've ever tried, no, those honors go to either Motorino in NYC or A16 in San Francisco. Is is an awesome pizza nonetheless, absolutely. Very cool space and awesome service. Would totally go back next time I'm in town.
3	ok, I know I'll probably get a lot of flack for not rating this place 15 stars, but I gotta be honest...We went for a friend's birthday since we needed a special occasion to wait 2.5 hours for a table.  We were told we could wait at the bar next door (bar bianco).  It was great, pre-drinking is always a good time, but about 2 hours into the wait we went to check on our table and we were told we were taken off the list because we didn't check in every hour!  We were never told this was required!! Oh well, it added another half hour to our wait time...annoying but whatever.  3 hours of waiting.Once we finally got seated, we were so excited from the anticipation that we were immediately let down by the service.  We told our server we were celebrating a birthday, and he said "you and three other tables."  Hmmm...well, ok, I guess you deal with special occasions a lot. I'll sum up the rest of the visit:  food was good, but I'm sorry, not great.  Service was average, no enthusiasm about a wine recommendation, and I guess they don't believe in water refills. And lastly, our birthday girl wasn't even offered a dessert or a drink.  I'm not expecting free stuff, but I think it's just restaurant standard to make the b-day person feel special in some way, right?All in all, maybe because of all the hype, and the 3 hour wait, we expected more.  Oh well.
5	I was told this is one of the best pizza places in the US...and as much as I would hate to admit it, but I think it's true. It was one of the tastiest pizzas I have ever had, with a crispy slightly charcoaled, thin crust, with thick toppings and just the right about of flavorful cheese to make it extraordinary. We tried one of every pizza - all were delicious with unique, yet not super crazy toppings. The Rosa and the Wise Guy were my favorites - again, with toppings that are pretty typical (Ok pistachios are not that typical), but presented and mixed in a way that made the eating experience great!Yes, the wait is long - but that is expected. So go on a night when you have time to kill, grab some drinks at the bar next door and hang out with your friends. Then - eat!
4	Despite the wait, it is soooo worth it!! The food is fantastic--great seasonal market salads, pizza options & espresso!The bar next door is a bonus so your wait isn't too bad!
3	The pizza is worth the price but not the wait
5	When it comes to top 5% of anything, especially something subjective like food, moreso with classics such as pizza, burgers and bbq, it comes down to personal preferences. Claims such as 'best in US', as this place's been tagged by many, is in the mouth of the beholder. Since this was (relatively) close to wife & I's recent trip to the Grand Canyon, thought we'd stop by and check it out. Taking advice of other Yelpers, we got there at 4pm to make the wait 'only' a hour. Sitting in 107 degree heat is no fun, but the anticipation and sips of IPA from bar next door made it tolerable. It's located in a nice courtyard in downtown, with parking structure nearby. Doors finally open and we were seated in a small yet clean and functional dining area with open kitchen and Italian pizza oven as the centerpiece. We scanned the menu and quickly decide on antipasto plate, Rosa and Wiseguy pizzas. Antipasto was really good, very sweet, flavorful veggies and savory pieces of sopressata and cheese. Now finally the pizza. We had high expectations with all the hype, and it met them, which does not happen often. Crust is the foundation for great pizza, and this was a grand slam, thin but not too thin, crisp and slightly charred and smoky on the outside, chewy, yeasty, moist, and delicate at the same time. Quality, delicious and unique topping combos that work together, parm and pistachios, and smoked mozz and fennel sausage in our case. We both agreed that overall it's the best overall pizza either of us ever had to date, better than in Italy. Even though our(her) gut was about to burst, we wanted more! I'm still thinking about it. Staff is courteous and service was efficient. I highly recommend a bottle of local brown ale while wolfing down slices, tasty brew even though it's not on tap.I only give out 5* to special places, and this is one of them. Place to try before you die? Yes, a must.
4	The pizza really is very good. I came to Phoenix on business and since I am a single, I was seated at the bar in 10 minutes after being quoted the typical 1 hr and 15min at 7 pm. If the restaurant reads these reviews, I would suggest purse hooks at the bar. It makes things easier for the ladies. There is also no dessert...interesting. I have an expense account and wanted to spend more. Other than that, the guys working the brick oven are excellent.Well done Pizzeria Bianco!
4	Arrived at 4:30 and staked out our place in line for the 5pm opening.  There were quite a few people ahead of us so it was clear we would be in the second round of people.  Placed our name on the list and went next door for wine and apps.  The goat cheese crostini was excellent.  The wait staff was pleasant and kept us updated on the wait.  After an hour fifteen we were seat. Waiter was extremely pleasant.We started with the antipasto (wood roasted vegetables, Sopressata, Bite of Cheese) and then ordered 4 pizzasMargherita - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil topped with cremini mushrooms, ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ PistachiosWISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage and salamiBIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula and added Prosciutto di Parma (favorite)Service was great and the pizza well worth the wait
1	Worst service, extermely rude staff who acts as if they are too good to wait on you.  Honestly if you do not have a nice attitude then don't work in customer service!!!! Everything is overpriced and the wait is ridiculous. Nothing is worth a 3 hour wait for pizza of all things. Food was not bad, but the terrible service makes this place not worth going to.  I was also told that the reason they make everyone wait 3 hours is so that they spend more money at the bar that the pizzeria owns next door! What a scam!!!
5	What more can be said?  Truly the best pizza I have ever had!  Only a 2 hour wait too....
2	2 stars just because they do have awesome food.  The service is horrible, and the staff is very rude-even the owners.  You are also packed in there like sardines, a very uncomfortable feeling.  Prices are high for pizza.  Parking is a nightmare if you can even get in.  I won't ever return unless they get a bigger place, improve service, and not act like a bunch of snobs.
4	Interesting thing this place has going on. They must like their 2 hour wait reputation even though it may be faster. We did think the pizza, salad and anti pasta plate was fresh and delicious and the wait staff was wonderful but really it isn't the best pizza in the country. There are plenty of great pizza places in every city. They have you go next door to the bar that is owned by the restaurant while you wait for your table. Very nice bartenders and a nice way to wait but I would suggest a call ahead system.
3	I would have given a 4 start if not for the 4 hr wait !!!I was down for the zombie walk at Heritage Square on the Friday before Halloween..Was pleasantly surprised to see that i was rite where Pizzerai Bianco is located..i have heard and read a lot about this place so decided to give it a try...i'd only heard about the hour long waits but i got to experience it first hand...Yes !! Its true...We waited for 3 hrs..good wine & friendz made time pass quikly...they have a bar setup in an old style house...most of the folks waiting were at the bar..so u'd never really know when your turn was due...Anyways, once in, we strted off wih some Antipasta which was "different"..i liked it a lot..it was mix of grilled vegetables, some cheese, and bacon...For the main course, we had the Wiseguy pizza...That was also really tasty..the sausage had a strong flavor of spices which i liked...I also liked the ambience..very classy,candle light...I wouldnt say the place is as as good as the hype...i mean i have eaten better !
3	All we heard for years is, Pizza by Bianco this and that.  It was even on Oprah and inside Rachel Ray's Magazine as the best pizza place in America.  The location is neat, and the bar next door is quaint and fun.  But the actual pizza itself does not meet its hype.  We ordered their Arugala pizza and the Margherita they both came swimming in oil.  Not worth the wait or hype, will not eat there again.
3	I avoid Pizzeria Bianco because of its notorious wait list. Small brick building in a historical neighborhood, limited indoor and outdoor seating. Parking space is also limited. They really need additional locations. If you drive downtown to Pizzeria Bianco, expect delays and some very popular, tasty pizza.
4	Finally decided to give it a try as we were in the area on a Tuesday.  We arrived about 4:40 with the kids and made the first seating at the bar.  People waiting in line were all super nice.We started with antipasta for my daughter who has to eat gluten free.  It was very good different than usual with roasted pepers, squash, etc.  She also tired the tomatoes with mozzarella which she liked.We tried the Margherita which we loved.  We thought the Wise Guy pizza, a white pizza was over powering with flavor and thin crust.  We would order the Margherita again next time.
5	As long as you plan ahead this place is amazing. Although you may have a long wait the bar next door helps make up for it. I would definitely go back again.
3	HYPE, that is all I kept thinking about while I was there. I got there 40 minutes before they opened and still missed the first seating and then ended up waiting over 90 minutes after they opened which by what some people have written was a short wait. I'll agree that it's in a cool old building and the little house where the bar is next door is cute too but I can't justify the wait to the quality of the pizza being served. If there wasn't such a long wait I would have given them the 4th star but with that wait, I can't be a fan. There's not much of a selection in there pizzas but they do have a short list of other toppings you can get. I had a margherita and had them throw on some Sicilian Anchovies and sliced tomatoes. The anchovies were great but the tomatoes were sliced way too thick and they skimped on the Basil. I have a bit of experience working in a pizzeria and I know that you sometimes have to pop the bubbles, I guess they don't believe in popping the bubbles on their pizza because I had a big one and with a super hot oven it just burned an looked nasty. No, I won't go back but I don't live in Phoenix but I travel here often. Next time I will try a different pizza place where I don't blow an entire evening waiting.
5	There will of course be some negative reviews here, for the same reason that Little Ceasars will get some five star reviews...people are ridiculous.This restaurant is amazing. Our wait was a little under three hours long on a Thursday evening. We arrived at six, and received our first pizzas just after nine. Three of us ordered six pizzas and finished five. You will not see any crusts piling up on the tables, because they are a perfectly charred, yet chewy, and good enough to be on the menus by themselves. Even licking my fork was more satisfying than some other restaurant meals I've had. My napkin appeared unused because I would rather have licked my own face than lose some of that deliciousness to a wipe. My first pizza was, of course, the Margherita, and the second was the Biancoverde, with ricotta and arugala, and was quite rich. All in all, this is definitely in the top two pizza places I've ever been to, with Apizza Scholls taking points as my amazing local joint in Portland.  If you want to feed a bunch of kids some pizza after a little league game, this is not the place for you. But if you want a true pizza experience that will make you want to save a slice to put in your pillowcase so you will have sweet pizza dreams, then this is the place.
5	Pizzeria Bianco is a amazing place. Their Margarita with prosciutto and Biancoverde are my favorite pizzas. Yes the wait is long but worth it. You need to plan that you will be there the entire night. We usually arrive a little after 7PM and get a table right before 10 PM. I don't mind being next door at Bar Bianco drinking some wine with friends and a few appetizers. All in all, this is the best pizza in the country!
4	Great pizza, but not worth the trouble of the wait.  You can get wine next door, while you wait, but the attraction of the place is due to great publicity.  Try once and decide if the hassle is worth it.  I won't go back.
5	Was so skeptical after reading all the reviews and I was ready to gnaw off my arm after waiting the requisite 2 hours for a table, but once we finally ate, it was all worth it. Fact is, I dare you to eat this pizza and then try to think of a pizza that you've had that was better. The crust was perfect, the ingredients were fresher than fresh, and for as long as you wait for a table, the food comes out surprisingly fast!  The Margherita is good (I wish I had added mushrooms), the Rosa is GREAT!  The Biancoverde was also really good but probably my least fav of the three (that's like saying it was the ugliest supermodel on the runway). Only regret is that I didn't order more pizzas...
5	Rosa pizza, is amazing! Worth the wait. Loved the ambiance and the professionalism of the staff.
5	Yes, the wait is long but the staff is friendly and the pizza is simply amazing! Fresh ingredients and the crust is out of this world good. My favorite is the Margherita pizza --- deeelish!
5	Don't believe the haters; this place has the best pizza ever.Sure, you have to wait 3 hours if you don't make a reservation, so make a damn reservation! The best way to do it is call exactly a month ahead of time about an hour before they open. It's a bit of a hassle getting the minimum amount of 6 people together, but it's well worth it, and it can make a fun event out of going to an amazing restaurant.
5	I've been here once about a year ago and I still have dreams about the Rosa!  It has to be the most innovative pizzas I've ever tasted.  Thinly sliced onions and pistachios...PISTACHIOS...never once have I ever thought....hmmm...I'll put pistachios on a pizza!  I'm a texture person and the crunch totally gets my mouth watering!  Also the antipasto appetizer is phenomenal!  I could have eaten the mashed sweet potatoes all night.Now, of course, you have to talk about the wait.  My husband and I went with another couple who got there at 5:00pm to wait in a line to put their names on the list.  We, however, got there around 7:30pm and got seated at 8:45pm.  So our experience is based on an hour and 15 minute wait which I would do again in a heart beat.  If you ask the couple we went with they would never wait that long again!  I plan on going again in the very near future, probably on a weeknight, so I can have the Rosa again.  Until then I'll see her in my dreams!
4	Waited here an hour before it opened and there were only a few people in front of me. Decided to kill time by grabbing a glass of amazing La Spinetta Moscato d'Asti next door at Bar Bianco.  It was easy to snag a table at Pizzeria Bianco, but be warned -- you'll probably wait more than an hour for a table if you get there after 4:30.  The place is small so plan accordingly.  They also take reservations for parties of 6 or more a month in advance.I ordered the Margherita and the Rosa.  I enjoyed the Margherita.  I liked the pistachios and red onions on the Rosa but the pizza was way too oily.  All in all, I would come back but not if there's a wait.
3	I am going to be a negative nancy.  I just don't understand the hype.  If I wait two hours for a meal, I would expect for it to blow the taste buds out of my mouth.  Pizzeria Bianco was decent pizza, but by no means worth navigating the tremendous crowds.  If you do go, I suggest going a Tuesday or Wednesday and getting there at 4 or sending someone there at 4 to hold your place.  They open at 5, but the line is snaking already by 4:45.  Luckily, there are two bars nearby to while away your wait time.  I prefer the Rose and Crown, but you can also do their wine bar and get your tab transferred over.Everybody should come here and try it out for themselves.  It is definitely a unique Phoenix experience.  That being said, I would rather go to Cibo and wait 0 to 20 minutes for equally delicious pizza.
4	Hey, there's no doubt about it.  Pizzeria Bianco is really, really good.  The one drawback is that you better be into waiting in a very, very, very long line outside.  And, I don't know about you, but when it's 110 degrees outside the idea of roasting it out in the AZ sun just isn't that appealing to me.  Once you're in though the food is excellent.  The adjacent wine bar is a good idea and definitely the money make for the place as the food is very reasonable.  But when you're waiting in line for an hour and half, what else is there to do but have one two or three or more drinks. :)  Parking is a nightmare at this place.  There is no parking in a two block radius.  Once again though, the food is amazing, but the wait stinks.
5	If I hear anyone else complain about the wait I am going be sick.  Anyone surprised by the wait here hasn't been paying attention.  Go by 4, get seated at 5.  That's what I do and it works nearly every time.  Or you can make a reservation, just be flexible and/or plan ahead.   The wait staff has always been very pleasant, perhaps because I catch them early in the evening, perhaps not.  Either way, the food is the star here.  Perhaps the pizza is not for everyone, but just about everyone.  The pizza comes out blistered from the searing oven dripping with flavors I didn't know could come from a pizza.  In fact, I was living in Chicago the first time I had it and it ruined all other pizza for me.  Recently, a place 1.5 hours away from Chicago that was an admitted copy of Bianco was named one of the top 5 pizzas IN Chicago.  It's not even close to Chicago but it was good enough to rate that high.  Enough said in my mind.I am not a reviewer but rather I feel I need to speak up for this business and the work Chris and his staff are doing here.  Local ingredients, mozzarella made each day and the best tasting bread in the state, hands down.  Keep it up, Chris and company.  I would eat here every night if I could.
5	Absolutely delicious pizza, enjoyable atmosphere and down-to-earth prices. Make sure to grab a reservation way in advance, but definitely worth the hype. Cool area, too. Come early and enjoy a nice bottle of wine at Bar Bianco next door. As we walked out after our meal, every employee genuinely said thank you. We will be going back.
5	So I lived in Phoenix for 2 years and never tried back.  I ventured back recently on business and decided I must make the pilgrimage. Went first on a Tuesday night.  We were told the wait would be 2 hours, so we decided to go to Nobua instead.  We went back on Thursday night around 9PM and were able to get in with just a 20 minute wait. I LOVE neapolitan style pizza.  Here in Dallas, I go to Cavalli's on a regular basis and love it.  I knew I would love Bianco, the big question is would I think it is the "best pizza in America"?It might be.  Honestly, any certified Neapolitan pizza place is going to be nearly as good as Bianco.  It's not rocket science, it's just the right oven and the right ingredients and the right touch.  However, I will say Bianco might do it a touch better than the rest. The crust is amazing.  It's perfectly done, with just enough burnt on the edges for my taste.  I ate every piece of edge there was, which is unusual for me.  (I tend to leave some crust edge.)  The toppings are perfect, the Sopprasata was amazing, the fennel sausage was great, the sauce was perfect. It's basically the perfect pizza.  Yet, I was kind of disappointed.  It made me realize that I've tasted the best pizza out there and it is only slightly better than some local places.  I guess I should look at it in a good way, that I can drive 10 minutes and get an amazing pizza at Cavalli any day of the week, a pizza that rivals the best in America.
5	Yes, I went there without a reservation, and it's true that you wait for a ridiculous amount of time if you don't have one (my wait was 3.5 hours), but in the end it was worth it.  The ambiance, the food, the open psudeo kitchen with the wood burning oven and the reasonable prices made my night.  The pizza was excellent.  The oven roasted vegetables were excellent.  My company was excellent.  Set aside my wait time I will definately go back but next time I will make sure that I have reservations.
5	After hearing all of the praise heaped on Pizzeria Bianco and how it was home to the best pizza in the country, I had huge expectations coming in to my dining experience here, and I seriously doubted that it could live up to all of the hype. Of course, as you can see based on my rating, Pizzeria Bianco surprisingly lived up to my expectations and then some. I came to Phoenix as part of a family vacation, but we only had a couple of hours to spend in the city before we had to leave. Although my family generally despises waiting for a table at a restaurant (any wait time over 20 minutes usually means we look for a different restaurant), I managed to persuade them to wait at Pizzeria Bianco because, well, we had come all the way from New Jersey and would probably not be coming back to Phoenix anytime soon. Of course, since we were in Phoenix on a Friday evening in mid-June, there was a pretty long line and wait time even when we arrived at 9 pm. We didn't get seated until nearly 11 pm, making for the longest wait my family had ever endured for a table at a restaurant. Based on the reviews I had read, I decided to order one each of the Rosa (Parmigiano Reggiano, Red Onion, Arizona Pistachios), Sonny Boy (Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives), and Wiseguy (Wood Roasted Onion, Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage) to share between four people. First off, let me say that the crust on all of the pizzas we shared was absolutely phenomenal. There was a really nice char on the crust, and somehow, the crisp crust maintained a level of pliancy which I did not think was possible. This was my first experience with Neapolitan-style pizza, so unfortunately, my experience here at Pizzeria Bianco may have set the bar exceedingly high for my future visits to Neapolitan-style pizzerias. While I generally favor meat toppings, I was astounded to discover that the Rosa was my favorite pie among the three we had ordered. Everything about the pie - the sharp bite of the Parmigiano Reggiano, the sweetness of the red onion, and the crunch and nuttiness of the pistachios - worked harmoniously to create a pizza that was greater than the sum of its parts. I was absolutely blown away by how delicious this pie was, and I wish I had ordered another Rosa for myself. I thought the Wiseguy was extremely good as well. The combination of sausage, onion, and mozzarella made for a more conventional flavor profile, though it was by no means ordinary. As for the Sonny Boy, I thought it was quite salty; of the three pies, I thought this one was the least successful, as the salt content from the salami and olives seemed to overwhelm the pie.So do I think that Pizzeria Bianco serves up the greatest pizza in the country? I really don't know, as I certainly have not eaten at many of the nation's top pizzerias. However, I will say that the pizzas from Pizzeria Bianco are delicious and are most definitely worthy of all of the praise and acclaim showered upon them. Despite the ridiculous wait time, I believe that Pizzeria Bianco's pizzas are worth waiting for (well, I'd wait up to 2 hours; I doubt that there's any food that I'd wait 4 hours for, regardless of how good it may be). If you are ever in the Phoenix area, definitely make a point of stopping by to try it for yourself.
5	The best pizza in the united states according to several magazines. The owner bakes each pizza himself. The wait is a bit long but you can grab a glass of vino next door at Bar Bianco. Well worth the wait and price. Excellent place to take a date.
5	The two young lovers, sat breathless in his vehicle. He: tall- long of leg, sinewy and dissehveled would steal glances at her in his silent and profound admiration. She: Voluptuous, and indomitable, viewed the world, and all things in it, with awe and a unnerving love, that could move the mountains to tear, and silence the nightengale's song. She'd suggested the venue, and he'd all too willingly agreed- his easily won tryst belied a desire long dormant to share this experience with her- and she'd seen it a mile away.His meek jalopy pulled into Heritage Square's modest parking lot, and as if on cue a sleek mint conditioned sports car whizzed into the only vacant spot the eager young valet had reserved for this bourgeois prospected tipper, who'd no doubt been able to tip the valet better than He. The valet then guided Him to the parking structure located deeper inside the labrynthine Heritage Square, a parking lot assumably more suited to the likes of his mode of transport. She left him, and with a promise of reserving their table they parted. A brief flash of reserve entered his mind, yet was quickly pushed out, as he navigated his way to the poorly described location of the parking garage.His beat up 96' Hyundai Accent he ironically dubbed the "egg" creaked and struggled out of the street and into a space. As he stepped out of the vehicle the crisp air of the night flooded his senses, the blooming trees of heritage square, and the dead leaves on the dirty ground accosted him with reminiscences of a home town, and land now long gone- momentary nostalgia. His brisk pace quickened and he was soon reunited with Her. She informed him of the wait, a potential two hours-This He'd been fully prepared for, and He grinned knowing that he was right ,and her assumption of speedily gaining a table due to the rains of the evening, dead wrong. They spent their wait together on the porch of a charming English ale house across the square, sipping stouts and India pale ales and discussing ontology, deconstructivism, and the merits of post modernist literature. When they'd realized it was their time to check in, they'd overstayed their wait by 15 minutes or so, and were informed by the stylish young hostess that they'd need to wait a bit longer. No matter. They chatted with the barmaid, and made a fast and easy aquaintance. The night then found them seated at their own table, in a sultry dimly lit corner, on a humble wooden table seemingly hewn out of a wizened tree whose soul aim in its years of existence had been to comfort and house the glorious repasts ordered by the thousands of patrons who'd shared in the hospitality of this former tree. The kindly and attentive servers, had amicably and expertly suggested various dishes and spirits to accompany them. He discussed the menu with Her, their eyes dancing in the bossa nova the candle light effused, they held hands 'neath the table and felt encompassed in the joy of being near one another. A Bianco Verde & Rosa. The simple and unpretentious pies made their senses dance, re wrote in their young minds the possibilities of cuisine,  and filled them with wonder and grattitude, in no way were they begrudged by the wait- rather it had given them time to acclimate, and enjoy their leisurely evening of epicurean delights. He realized, that as he stared into the depths of that evergreen pizza, and breathed deep of the aromas of the brick oven, swooned over the extravagant flavours- that nothing in this world save love, could craft something so perfect. In that moment, without words- they two realized that it was love that had brought them together, and so would they remember Bianco, for it was love that brought them there.
5	A must do in Phoenix.  Even though the wait is like 4 hours long!!!  Try the margarita and add roasted garlic....dang I want to drive to Phoenix!
5	Yes, it is that good. Some people just don't get it. In my opinion anyone who says they've "had better" someplace in Phoenix is one of the people who don't get it. The more people that don't like it, the better, as far as I'm concerned. Why? Well...The wait is never less than 45 minutes. The best plan is to get some friends and make a reservation, which they will take for parties of 6 or more (max 10 or 12). If you must go in a smaller group, go on a Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday, and go early. Don't even try on a Friday or Saturday unless you're willing to get in line at 4pm (yes, that's an hour before they open).
1	I had a horrible experience with this place so I may be biased. I went in the middle of the summer to reserve a spot for coworkers. I was sweating, overheating, hungry and miserable. I went next door to get a snack, the bartender completely ignored me for 10 minutes. When he did come over he was snooty and a real bastard. I ordered olives to keep myself from passing out, that took another 15 minutes. He brought it, I gave him a 5 and he never returned with my change! He didn't deserve my money!!But once we finally entered the pizzeria it was boring and overhyped. The wait staff was just as uninterested as the bartender and never brought refills or a glass of water!!Seriously, eff this place
5	The best pizza I've ever had in my life. Hands down. This is on my list of places I absolutely have to visit whenever I'm home from college. No matter how long the wait, and I've waited from 1 to 3 1/2 hours, I never regret it. If the wait is really long, go next door to Bar Bianco and get some drinks and some of their fantastic olives or other finger foods. I've always found the service to be speedy once we're in, and the waiters are always friendly.The first dilemma I always face upon making decisions at Pizzeria Bianco is whether to order the antipasto or the mozzarella tomato basil salad. The antipasto is always wonderful, featuring delicious local, seasonal, roasted and marinated vegetables and some awesome sorpressata and cheese. But then the salad has delicious local tomatoes, hand made mozzarella, nice olive oil and basil from the garden that grows outside of the restaurant. Usually if I'm not especially itching for the salad, I ask the waiter what vegetables are in the antipasto for the day, and that usually makes my decision. Both are always awesome.Then comes the big decision. Which pizza. At this point, I've had the Margherita, Rosa, Sonny Boy and Wiseguy. I'm having a hard time picking a favorite, but I most often find myself ordering the Margherita, mostly because of its elegant simplicity. The tomato sauce is perfectly tart, the basil and mozzarella is delicious, and the crust is perfectly burnt on the edges. My least favorite is probably the Rosa, mostly because I'm not that big of a fan of parmigiano reggiano and it seems pretty dry. But the fennel sausage and onion on the Wiseguy and the salami on the Sonny Boy... I can't make up my mind. They're all too good. I might just have to keep going back to make my decision...
3	After living 2 blocks away for over a year, i finally took the jump and decided to deal with the long wait to try this place out.  Got there at 7:30 on a Tuesday night... 2.5 hour wait.  (To be expected, but still pretty ridiculous.)  Went next door to Bar Bianco, ordered a bottle of wine and patiently waited outside.  I think that the wait is part of the allure for people.  Also, after waiting hungry for 3 hours, the food becomes tastier because you are starving.  Finally get a table at 10:15.  Order the caprese salad and another bottle of wine.  The ingredients are very fresh.  The Mozz is excellent, the tomatoes are very very fresh and tasty and the basil was great as well.  The server didnt make any recommendations on wine or food.  A bit odd.  Given that the wait is 3 hours and that it's pricy for a pizza joint, you'd think that the service would be excellent.  Not at all the case.  This guy acts like everyone here is a regular.  The reality is that with 3 hour waits for a table, i don't have time to be a regular at this place. We ordered 2 pizzas to try.... Biancoverde and Wiseguy.  They were pretty good, again with good ingredients.  I wouldn't say it was the best pizza i've ever had, but very tasty.  Asked for some Balsamic to go with the Mozz and Tomatoes... had to ask the server 2 times, finally we snagged a food runner, she got it for us.  I shouldnt have to ask for something 3 times. I mean really, this place only has like 6 tables... pay attention to the guests.  I guess the moral here is that trying this place is all about the experience and saying that you've been there.  While Bianco is good you can go to Parlor or Cibo and get very good (comparable) pizza without a 3 hour wait.  Is it good, yes. Is it worth the wait, nope.
5	This place is as good as it gets when it comes to pizza!!! Everyone complains about the wait, but if you get their later rather than earlier, you will get in quicker rather than later.  (have fun with that!) We got there for a late diner at 8:30pm.We had their tomato, basil and homemade mozzarella salad for starters.  It was awesome! Then we had a "sonny boy" pizza which was excellent with the right amount of meat to sauce and cheese ratios. I've also had their "wise guy" with sausage, caramelized onions and loads of cheese.  They place is awesome!
4	Again, I hate lines.  I've stood in line here right at 5 o'clock just to be beaten out by some folks who clearly had the day off.  Even with that gripe, I love this place.  I just don't come often.  I really do save this place for out of towners who have read that this is the best pizza in America.  (I have friends from Connecticut who argue with me on this one) but is Oprah ever wrong?  There is a bar next door where they get you good and shnockered before your meal.  The bread is delicious as are the salads, but who are you kidding?  You came for the pizza.  My favorite features arugula.  Everyone else seems to love the meat laden one.  But if you snag a table, be smart, order lots of pizza.  Everyone likes pizza even when it's cold the next day.  If you get a group of people together it's actually doable as they will take a reservation.
4	We've been going here for for quite some time and I have to say "If it ain't broke, don't fix it!" We went here last night for the first time in a month or two and were overly greeted (and frankly annoyed and creeped out) by a new gray haired man there in a sport jacket. I have NO idea who he is and what his job description is besides opening the door for people but he seemed very out of place and odd, especially if you've been going here for a while. He even pointed out and said "There's Chris Bianco" as he exited. I thought it was weird and unprofessional. Everything tasted equally delicious this time but they had music playing, which was different and it just seemed like a different dynamic. I hate to be a snob about this place but I enjoyed it just the way it was: No one was overly attentive, Chris (now his brother) said bye to you as you were leaving, and you knew what to expect.I know Chris and his business partner split up but I hope this isn't a beginning of some change. I'll still continue to go there and hope the "new guy" backs off a little.
5	On one of my many visits to see mi amore, he took me to this fantastic little pizza joint. The aesthetics of the place were overwhelmingly perfect. I believe the maximum seating capacity of the dining area is 45, yes folks, 45. So the 2 1/2 hour wait was expected, and very VERY worth it. The pizzas are baked to order in a classic brick house oven. The toppings arent what youd find in your local Pizza Hut, either. You can choose from fresh slices of mozzarella, slices of perfectly seasoned italian sausage, pepperoni slices, salami slices, arugula, fresh basil leaves, tomatoes, etc. Basically what Im getting at, is this is beyond words delicious, classic LEGIT Italian pizza. Around the dining area, you will see freshly baked loaves of focaccia bread, that is later served to you with extra virgin olive oil for dipping once you are seated. The smell in that place is heavenly.....incredibly reminiscent of my grandmothers kitchen!!PS GET THERE EARLY!!
4	we went hear several months ago and had a great experience.  the food was extremely fresh and extremely unique and flavorful.  it was great spending time in the historical area and enjoying the local atmosphere.
4	One week before I moved out of Phoenix, I finally decided to wait 1.5 hours for pizza and find out what all the hoopla was about! The host with the mullet and glasses was so so nice! I loved him - he was so excited about the menu, the ingredients, the fact that they are grown in the back yard - I could listen to his enthusiasm all night. The pizza was amazing - it's not really pizza....it's doughy delish goodness - a heavenly substance and well worth the 1.5 hour wait.....once. Not sure I'd go back over and over, but glad I tried it once.The anti pasta plate was really the highlight. All different types of grilled vegies prepared in different ways. Each bite was fun and exciting. You have to try this place at least once! Think of it less as "food" and more as an experience!!
2	Extremely disappointing.  We waited two hours to receive a farmers market salad that had little more than a couple pieces of  blue cheese and onion we could have made at home, as well as a pizza that tasted like rubber.  We ordered the margarita pizza and tried to be polite and eat with fork and cut with knife, but it was like cutting rubber.  The crust was not finished and the pizza was less than par.  The table next to us was filled with screaming patrons who sat there a good 45 minutes after they signed their check.  It was completely not worth the wait.  Waste of time and a complete let down.  Don't waste the time, it is not worth it.
5	I understand waiting for 1-3 hours to eat a pizza is a little ridiculous, but all these people can't be wrong.  Luckily I live across the street.  The ingredients are so fresh you can taste them in the sauce.  The crust is not made from cheap all purpose flour, not chewy, not sweet, not greasy.  Some people may end up with too much olive oil, I haven't had that problem, but I would recommend letting your server know to go easy on the oil just in case.  The pizza creations are simple, delicious, and customizable.  I would not change the set up, great location, great spring and fall place to go.  It's a great business plan with the bar next door, but they should have small bread stick apps or something to have with your drinks while you wait.  If you really think Papa J's, Pizza the Hut, and the other terrorist franchises are better, great!  Less waiting for me and more rot-gut for you.
4	My friend and I decided to see what all the hype was all about so we got there just before 5 pm.  There was a line already at the door!  Crazy in my opinion.  When we got to the front of the line, they took our names and told us that it would be about 1 hour wait.  Crazy in my opinion but ok, let's wait.  So there were some picnic tables on the side that we chilled out on...we watched other people waiting for a table, I drank a Coke in a bottle (what is with Coke in a bottle in AZ?), and saw a bunch of cats run around and wrestle in the grass.  After 1 hour, we got seated and we ordered two pizzas: the Rosa and the Magherita.  Both were pretty good, but I thought the Rosa was better.  I also ordered side dishes of anchovies and garlic that were drenched in olive oil.  Now, dipping your pizza in those...very tasty.  I enjoyed the pizza there but not sure if I would go out on a limb and say it was worth the wait.  If you got time and in the area, it's definitely a good place to eat.  The service was on point.
4	We've been to Pizzeria Bianco a couple of times but it's been a while.  I was glad to see they have not changed their menu and tthe quality of food hasn't changed, which is a good thing because they keep everything fresh and delish.  If your going just for the pizza pies, this might not be the place for you due to the wait time. My advise for the people that complain about the wait time ~ make friends!  Take someone more interesting with you next time you go to Pizzeria Bianco and your wait time will fly by!! If your planning to enjoy an evening hanging with some friends, this is a wonderful place to go and enjoy some pizza, wine and conversation. Our wait was just over an hour, which is very good considering most wait times are 2 hours + but that didn't matter since we were at the bar enjoying some good wine and catching up on life's frills and thrills.  Time flew by during our wait and we were eating in no time.  We had their tomato, basil and homemade mozzarella salad for starters.  It was very good, fresh and the perfect balance of dressing. For dinner we had the Wise Guy and Sonny Boy pizza pies which were good but not the best I've tasted.  Their pizza crust is exceptional and the best feature of their pies in my opinion.This is a must try if you haven't been and remember to take some good friends and enjoy the wine before you dine!!  We like Patsy Girmaldi's pizza pies as good or better but we enjoy the experience we have with our friends when we go to Pizzeria Bianco.
5	This is really the best pizza in the country.  I live in San Francisco, and although pizzeria delfina was rated higher officially, I disagree.  I have been to many places in New York City and San Francisco and everything I eat a pizza there I think about Biancos being even better.  The salads are great, the pizza is great, the atmosphere is great.  I know people complain about the long lines, but you go there and know you are spending the whole evening there.  Get there at 4pm, grab a drink and wait in line.  Best Pizza you will have.  Try to not get too many toppings.  Stick with a plane Margharita or Bianco Verde.
3	Well, it has been a loooonnnnggg wait... we finally got to try " Americas Best Pizza" I can die now... don't understand all the hype. If it weren't for wonderful company and three or so beers, I'm not even sure I could honestly say it was a good evening. Was a good tasting Caprese salad, and the pizza was ok,... the waiter was wonderful, and pretty cute.... I also have a thing for restaurant bathrooms.... not WOW... was hoping for something great but it was just ok I think this is a case of too much talk, not enough product. Sorry.....
1	If I could give you NO stars I would. I went there on a thursday night at 9:15pm.  The tables were full but there were 5 seats at the bar. The hostess (manager) told me that it would be a 15min wait for the bar, seriously? there are five seats open! She then said that she had people waiting for the bar. Well, there was no one waiting and no one in the house next door. The problem is that people think it is OK to wait 3 hours for OK pizza and be rushed to finish because the media praises this place.There are many places in Phoenix that are better (Cibo) without the Hostess attitude. Your a pizza place not the French Laundry! And yes I have had the pizza, on 3 different occasions and it's not THAT good.  If you spent more time training your staff on customer service you might be able to open another location but my guess is that your afraid to.
2	Not worth the hype nor the wait.  Out of the four pizzas we tried we only liked one and it wasn't even that great. Not to mention the wait takes forever.  I kept hearing this place was highly rated and maybe I expected too much, but it definitely did not meet my expectations.
4	This place is certainly delicious, worth the wait on a special occasion (translation - not a place you frequent since the lines are so long) but "Best Pizza in America?" I think that title belongs to Di Fara's in NYC... but let's get to my review of Pizzeria Bianco.We arrived nearly two hours before opening to find a line of 25 people and patiently waited for the restaurant to open. Around 4:30 p.m., Frank the owner came outside to tell everyone about the ingredients that are used, how the brick oven works and to thank everyone for their patience and patronage - he really is an awesome guy!Once we got in the place (total wait time was 3.5 hours) we ordered:- Anti-pasta- Margherita - Wise Guy- Bianca Verde- Rosa The anti-pasta was delicious but my favorite part was the bread that came with olive oil - this bread was seriously addicting! It was doughy, crisp and had a wonderful charred flavor (in a good way, not a bad way).The margherita pizza was good but not my favorite, in fact, it tasted better room temperature.The wise guy had carmelized onions and their own blend of fennel sausage. This pizza was tasty as well, but again, not my favorite and tasted much better when it was room temperature vs. straight from the oven.The two pizzas that were mind-blowingly delicious were the Bianca Verde and the Rosa. The verde had no sauce, mozzeralla and ricotta cheeses and was topped with arugala and drizzled with delicious olive oil. The combination was absolutely delicious! The pizza was creamy and wonderfully delicious!The Rosa was equally amazing - a pizza with no sauce or cheese, instead incredibly delicious parmesan cheese covered the pizza and was topped with pistachios and onions! OMG, it isn't fair that something is this delicious!I'll definitely come back to this place - primarily because I don't live in Arizona so it's a special treat - but next time I'd just stick with the Verde and Rosa pizzas, these truly are incredible!
5	This place has my number. There just isn't a thing I don't love about Pizzeria Bianco. It would totally be in the top 10 of an embarrassingly one-dimensional Stuff Lori Likes list: "Waiting at least two hours, fueled by a jammy red, to eat some pizza at 10:00 at night". Naturally, good company and a bowl of meaty olives are a given. Once, I showed up and there was no wait. I went next door first anyway. Call me crazy, but life goes by too fast. I like the wait. After an hour or two and some vino, the antipasto is a must for starters. Local seasonal veggies wood-roasted and drenched in olive oil, cured meat, olives, and some cheese; it doesn't get much better- except when gorgeous heirloom beets are on the platter. Nothing beats 'em (don't groan, it's impolite). The Neapolitan style wood-fired pizzas are gooey goodness, one and all. My personal faves are the Rosa (pungent aged cheese, grilled red onions, and pistachios), the Margherita with prosciutto, and the Wiseguy (smoked mozzarella, grilled onions and sliced fennel sausage). And yes, I named half the pizzas on the menu and they are all my favorites. Housed in an historic building, the atmosphere is rustic and homey. A little candlelight and an open kitchen make me feel like I'm at a friend's home for dinner - and in some ways I am. My first trip to Bianco was 13 years ago when my now husband took me for my 21st birthday; we've been going ever since. Maybe that's why the wait never bothers me. With consistently attentive, first-name service and so many familiar faces, it feels less like dinner out and more like an evening among friends.
4	Ok, here's the not so great.....to eat here. you will need to wait for an hour or more.  But, they have a wine bar next door and it is TOTALLY worth the wait.We had the prosciutto wrapped cheese (spedeni) as an appetizer and it was absolutely hot and delicious.The pizza's were hot fired in the oven and just about the right size to feed one person.I have recommended many people to go here, and as you can see from other reviews, this place rocks.  A phoenix staple, ust wish there was more around it.Happy dinning!
3	It's just too much friggin' work to eat here. I just can't enjoy waiting for 3 hours to get in anywhere. You wind up at the bar next door drinking out of an obligation to do SOMETHING. But that's no good, because you're hungry and drinking. By the time they call your name, you're stumbling next door with nothing else to talk about and little interest in actually eating. The excessive wait really ruins the experience.The pizza is really good, but there is only a hair's difference between this pie and other great places around Phoenix. If you're new to the area, do it once just so that you can say you have. Otherwise, check out a new pizza place!
2	Dear Mr. Bianco, I am writing this to bring your attention to the rudeness of your hostess that was working 2/19/11. If you have more than 1 hostess let me narrow it down for you, short dark hair and glasses. I myself am a business owner and no matter how great your product is, amazing customer service is also an integral part of the the overall experience. I have dined at your establishment twice and both time the food was delicious even if the wait was long. Back to the night at hand. My boyfriend and I stopped by after dining elsewhere in hopes of grabbing a pie to enjoy the next day. We were holding the door open for those that were exiting, those that were being ushered in to their seats and those that were putting their name on the waiting list. When there was a lull said hostess says "Yes?" Not, "How may I help you?" or "Hi" or anything that could be construed as gracious, friendly, hostessish. My boyfriend states that we were looking to get a pizza to go. Miss Crab-Apple, my new moniker for her, states, no haughtily sniffs, "We don't DO orders to go when there are people waiting." Then she turns and walks away. She doesn't even ask us if we want to put our names down for a table. Mr. Bianco we didn't know what your kitchen's policy is for takeout, maybe you should have a sign that is in huge letters right on the door: NO TAKEOUT WHILE OTHERS WAIT! I am sure that would clear it up for those of us that simply wanted to spend our money on your food, just not eat it there. Thank you for your time, D'Lisa Shayn
5	If you don't love it, you don't get it.Make an evening of the Bianco's experience.  Here's how:When you arrive, walk inside and put your name on the wait list.  They will tell you an astonishing number like, "Your table will be ready in three hours."  Don't worry, waiting is just as fun as eating there.Proceed next door to the wine bar.  Order an appetizer and a bottle of wine.  Enjoy the company of your friends.  Slow yourself down, relaaaaax.Order another bottle of wine.  At some point midway through this bottle your table will be ready, if you do it right.  I have never waited the actual time quoted by the hostess (or it didn't seem like it because I was having fun).After a few glasses of wine, and the fun but hefty wait, your food will taste better than if you had gotten it instantly--  I promise.After getting your table, continue to relax and enjoy yourself.  You waited for this table, and it is yours.  I recommend that you order at least one more pizza than you think you want, because you will want it, if not right then, at least later.  Have another bottle of wine with your food.Here is what to order:MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula +++ ADD Crimini MushroomsAgain, if you try it, and you don't like it, that says more about you than the place.  It is okay though!  Bianco's is not for everyone.  Walmart is for everyone, and look what that place is like!  The difference is, this restaurant is NOTpretentious.  The owner cooks the pizza right in front of you, while watching Suns games with his cap on backwards.If you don't think you can handle the wait, I have a simple solution:  Go anywhere else.  Excercise your freedom of choice!
5	I have to say it.....Defiantly good and worth the wait. Tuesday night I got there 10 min after it opened and we had a 2hr wait. Like most everyone we went to the Wine/Beer bar next door. They have a good selection of wine and beer. We had a good time, had some apps and a few drinks and the time flew by. Once we were called for our table - we skipped apps and just went straight to the pizza - we ordered the Margarita w/ Fennel sausage, Sonny Boy and the Wise Guy. I enjoyed all 3- but the Margarita w/ the fennel was probably my favorite if I had to chose one. Now I do want to share something I over heard.....They are looking to extend the hours and to be open for 11a to 11p. From what I heard they are looking to try and make that change in the up coming months. If that happens I think that 2-3hr wait will defiantly drop.
3	I'm on the fence on this one. All fellow Yelpers have summed it up pretty nicely for this place so I'm only going to contribute as far as my overall experience, and not the food. With that being said, Grimaldi's Pizza is just as good (minus the wait).Pay attention: If you go with a group of 4 or more, be prepared to wait mostly due to the fact that they do not go in the order you were put on the wait list. This is very important to note. They will fill circles of 2's and 3's around and before you before your group ever even lays eyes on that infamous brick oven.  I went with a large group of people (7 ppl), and we had to wait for.... wait for it........... 6 HOURS. SEIS HORAS! I'm convinced that not only is the wine bar next door owned by Bianco but the Irish pub as well. They are making a ton of money making you wait if that were true.....If you are prepared to wait, you have to bring your own entertainment. For real. This place has that whole leisure European "what's the rush?"  feel to it. This means engaging in long and stimulating, thought-provoking conversation. Bring a game of monopoly. or chess! I do not recommend this place for a first date as boredom may creep in and put the pressure on to find common interests.... besides the pizza.
5	Here's how to do Pizzeria Bianco the right way:1. Show up at 3:30 or earlier to get a good place in line. Make sure you bring some friends to enjoy the time together and the great food.2. At 4:00, the bar opens. Get yourself a bottle of wine and make the best of the 90 minutes you'll spend just waiting to get on the seating list.3. Order a few appetizers from the bar; they're light and fresh and yummy.4. When you finally get seated for dinner, don't hold back. Order salads, share different pizzas, and have a coffee after.The quality of the food is ABSOLUTELY worth the wait. We tried eating here a few times over the past couple of years, but realized it takes commitment and two bottles of wine to make it through the line. Best pizza I've had since Italy. Bravo Bianco!
5	Come on now, Folks.... one star reviews and complaints about the wait?  You HAVE heard of Pizzeria Bianco before, right?!??Fresh, local ingredients, a Chef who cares more about his craft than arguably anyone in town and a great location - that's a recipe for fame, Kids. We should consider ourselves lucky to have such a gem in our city.   Not to mention, the Rosa is hands-down, without question the BEST pizza I've ever had in my life.  Worried about the wait?  Go buy a frozen Totino's, whiners!  ;)
3	luckily, a friend of ours made reservations for 10, before they stopped taking reservations. no waiting in line. too bad they don't do that anymore.there were only 2 pizza options we could eat and yes, they were both good....but i still don't understand what the fuss is about. it's pizza. 3 hour wait times? do these people work? or have anything else to do? no laundry or mowing the lawn or running errands? my girl loved it. i pretty much like walking to oreganos or grimaldis or grazie, being served withing 30 minutes and getting on with my life. hey, but if oprah and martha stewart loved it, i guess you should too.
5	You just can't get pizza like this.  The taste and quality is top notch.  Don't complain about the wait.  They got a bar right next door with appetizers and drinks which makes the time fly by, like your not even waiting.  The system they have runs great, they take very good care of all of their customers.  Come relaxed and just enjoy the experience this place is easily one of the top 10 pizzerias in the country.
2	Being from Vancouver might spoil me, but if this is the best pizza in America... I'll stick to what we have at home.The pizzas came out quickly, and the ingredients were fresh, but that's as far as it goes.  If it's a new concept to you and you're used to greasy Pizza Hut pizza, you'll probably love the change.  For us, it was nothing out of the ordinary.The wait is long and might only be worth it if you can't get similar style pizza elsewhere.  Although they say it's first-come-first serve, they'll seat whichever group will fill up the table fully and pass over smaller groups even if their name is next on the list.  The quickest way to get a seat seemed to be if you come as a pair.  If you have a group of 3+, best bet is to arrive at around 3:15 you'll probably get in during the first seating so it'll only be a 1h45m in the end.  With Bar Bianco opening up at 4 with reasonable prices for drinks, thats the best way to go if you must try this place out.
3	Is this place worth trying?  Yes.  But just so you can say you ate the pizza joint that Oprah claimed to be the best pizza in America.  Is this place worth the three hour wait that you have to endure...well, not really.  Its good, heck, I'll even say its pretty good.  But it's not really that great.  If you find yourself with a few hours to kill and want to go to one of those "must try for the sake of trying" places, then go, stand in line, and order the Bianco Verde (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula) and Wiseguy (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage).Then you can say you ate at Martha Stewart's favorite pizza place.
5	Yes, people. The food does live up to the hype. Fresh, local, homemade....what can I say, it was awesome.  I enjoyed every bite of it. I ordered the pizza verde with arugala and got the caprese salad beforehand with homemade mozzarella. Excuse me while I stop to dab the drool............We were lucky to have gotten reservation seating when they still did reservations. (I guess they've done away with them). So I question whether or not I'd wait 3hrs. I think if I had guests in town who really wanted to try it I'd take them and just visit the wine bar next door like everyone else.  3hrs is a BIG chunk of your time if you're waiting for a pizza. However, if you haven't tried it before. Do it people. We are lucky enough to live in Phoenix. Home of this pizza gem which wins best pizza in the US every year. If you live here  and you enjoy good food, you owe it to yourself to go at least once. You won't be dissapointed.
1	This is a really good pizza, but its not worth the wait or the nasty hurry you up staff.  If Chris Bianco wants to work short days and not be open two days a week and close in the summer plus only be able to seat 60 people that is fine but people should start walking away when the wait is over 30 minutes.  There is way too many places in Phoenix and the surrounding towns that offer great food at great prices without the wait.
2	Pizza is decent (not amazing) and it is definitely NOT worth a 3 hour wait. Would I wait 20 minutes? Sure.
2	Pizza Bianco was our first meal after arriving for Spring Training.  It's pretty close to the airport, about 15 minutes away.  We arrived at 9 PM to which the hostess gave us an approximate wait time of 90 minutes.  We sat on the benches and grabbed some wine from the bar next door.  Sure enough, we weren't seated until about 10:30 PM.  Be sure to stay around the restaurant at 10 PM as they perform a roll call.  We ordered a Wiseguy and Margurita for our entrees.  Our waitress gave the tables by us bread and olive oil but neglected us until we asked another waitress.  The bread was actually quite delicious.  As for the pizza, it was good, but not outstanding as we hoped.  We have had similar pizza in Dallas and San Francisco.  Was this the best, no it was not.   Waiting for a few hours, one expects the pizza to live up to the hype and unfortunately the pizza is overrated.  We left saying that we tried Pizza Bianco but we won't be back here for our next Spring Training trip.  It's just not worth the wait and there are other pizza places just as good in the Phoenix area.
4	I will say what everyone else says because it's the truth.The pizza is amazing, the staff is wonderful and the wait is worth it if you haven't been there before or have only been there one or two times. However, the wait just becomes annoying after the 4th or 5th time coming here.Kill some time and check out the secret drawer in bar bianco. You'll find it...bring a pen and a napkin and leave me a little note, I will write back ;)
4	As an unabashed food nerd (a term I much prefer to foodie), I was undeterred by the hours wait time. I just pack my kindle and grab a glass of wine from the wine bar next door.  I took some locals' advice and got in line about an hour ahead of opening.  Thursday, I understand is the easiest night.  Friday and Saturday are impossible.  I was seated quickly both times since I was traveling by myself - this is one instance when it is not good to have friends.Now the first time I was at PB, I had to have the magherita (you know me, it you can't make a good magherita, you have no reason to be in business).  It was good, not as good as I've tasted in Italy but superior to most pizza.However, the second time, I tried the wiseguy.  It was amazing.  The crust was beyond perfect - light, bubbly, but not bready.  I couldn't stop eating my pizza.  However, it could have used a lighter hand with the smoked mozzarella.  It overwhelmed the delicious onions and fennel sausage.    The best view is at the bar watching the guys craft the pizzas.  The fire undulates in the brick oven creating a hypnotic pyromaniacs fantasy.
3	We came out for Spring Training and decided to see what all the fuss was about. The pizza is very good. Not even close to worth the wait. It just isn't. If you're from LA, just wait to get back home and go to Mozza. If you're from Chicago, just wait to get back home and go Great Lake or Crust.  If you're from New York, just go to DiFara. You'll be getting a better pizza at any of those places AND you won't have to wait for 3-4 hrs. Sometimes in situations like these I think that folks walk away saying "That was totally worth the wait!" so they don't feel like idiots for waiting that long for pizza that is good, but not THAT good. We got the Wiseguy, Margherita, Rosa, and Sonny Boy. The fennel sausage on the wiseguy was pretty weak and the pizza overall was under salted. Too much smoked mozz just made the crust soggy. The sonny boy was better but a little boring. The Margherita was great (but once again, you can get better elsewhere.), and the Rosa was awesome. If you like Parmigiano Reggiano, you will love the Rosa. I have to wonder why they even bothered with the pistachios as you can't really taste them through the strong flavored cheese, but still wonderful. What I'll remember most is all of us walking away and asking ourselves "What the hell just happened?!". Again, I'm not saying the pizza is bad. It's pretty good. Just not even close to worth the ridiculous wait. Never again.
5	I was able to complete the Bianco Trifecta (Pane, Bar, and Pizzeria) in one day and despite having to wait 3 hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco it was totally worth it!  This was probably the best pizza I've had outside Naples.WAIT TIME - 3 HOURS:-- AC and I arrived at 4pm on a Saturday afternoon.  Bianco opens at 5pm and there was already a good sized line.  Bar Bianco next door opens at 4pm, so you could go in and get drinks while you wait in line.  Some people even brought lawn chairs like they were out for a tailgate or a picnic.  Once the place opened and they started taking names they said it would be a 2 hour wait.-- After wandering around downtown for a while we headed to Bar Bianco for some wine, apps, and a game of chess.  An excellent way to pass the time.-- The staff at Bar Bianco came by and told us our table was ready, right about 7pm.  1hr to put our names in + 2 hours to wait = 3 hours total waiting time.FOOD - OUTSTANDING:-- Spiedini, $10 - Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm.  What a way to start a meal!  Served on skewers, this is an amazing appetizer.  The cheese was melty without dripping everywhere and the warm prosciutto was excellent.-- Salad, $6 - Local Organic Greens with Red Wine Vinaigrette.  Pretty standard, mixed green salad.-- Margherita Pizza, $13 - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil.  This is why you come here, and it lived up to expectations.  The crust was perfectly chewy with a bit of char and flavor from the brick oven.  The crust alone would make a great dish.  The tomato sauce had the right amount of tang, wasn't too sweet, and they didn't drench the pizza in sauce.  The mozzarella was excellent and the basil was out of this world.  Better than anything you could grow in your own garden.-- Salami and Olive Pizza, $16? - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, and Kalamata Olives.  There was no skimping on the toppings here.  First class, quality ingredients and plenty of it.  If you like cured meats this is the way to go.
4	Ok, as much as I want to give this place 5 stars.... I just can't. The wait is just too ridiculous. So I think this place plays psychological tricks on it's patrons. People have to wait so long that they either go get drunk or get so hungry that the food tastes amazing once you finally get it..... plus people need to justify the wait. But alas, I have fallen for their tricks. We got there at 4:45 and had to park in the garage which has validation ,but not complete validation, it still costs 5$ (Lame!). We found the restaurant by looking for a mob of people. We got in the 30 min line to put our name on the waiting list... whoa. When we got up to the front we found out the wait would be 3.5 hours, but at least we didn't have to stay the whole time. I think that is the best possible thing this business has done. If I had to sit there for 3 hours, I would not have been a happy camper, but we went to Body World and came back and only had to wait 15 min, so that was great. Also our wait wasn't really 3.5 hours, it was more like 2 hours 45 min. Whatever. So we got some drinks at the bar and then got called in to a table. The waitress was nice and very apologetic about the wait, so at least this restaurant knows to be courteous to it's customers unlike a different restaurant I recently went to *cough*postino*cough* There were four of us and we ordered two appetizers and two pizzas. We got the roasted veggies with cheese and sopprasetta (sp?) and the fontina wrapped in prosciutto. They were both amazing!! This was the best part of the meal. The veggies included purple cauliflower, carrots, squash, asparagus, sunchokes, and olives. They were sooo good. Roasted and kind of sweet. These were some of the best veggies I have had. Also the cheese, I don't remember what kind it was, was so creamy... it tasted great on bread. However, nothing touched the fontina wrapped in prosciutto. I have not had prosciutto before because I don't like bacon. Yes, I don't like bacon.But I was being so closed minded because prosciutto is delicious. And this was especially good, it could have only been better if there were more of it. The BF and I ordered the biancoverde and our friends got the wiseguy. I didn't try theirs, but our was very good. It was garlicky, but the flavor was more subtle than it usually is. The three cheeses were great and the arugula tasted very fresh. So the problems include: long wait and no dessert. Why doesn't this place have dessert? (oh except for biscotti... biscotti is a weak dessert choice). The rest was good and if someone were to invite me to go back, I would, but I probably wouldn't go back on my own.
1	I would give it 2 stars if it shouldn't of been as everyone raves "The place with the best pie in Arizona."  Can you say over-rated?  We had no wait; we showed up when they opened.  Antipasta was absolutely delicious, but that's where it stops.   The salad was extremely bland with only greens and oil nothing else. Please put at least a mixture of spring greens if you're only going to put lettuce in your salad.  We had 2 pies. I like to try unique pizzas, and they have one with pistaccios.  Had to try that, and we had one of their other suggested pies with salami and olives.  Both pizzas were beyond charred, and trust me I love an extra crispy thin crust pie.  These were both ridiculous.  I would understand if I asked for well done, but these were their normal cooked pies.  The salami and olive pie was inedible; it tasted like a burned salt lick.  The pistaccio pie was too burned to get the flavor, but from what I could tell it too wouldn't of been that good.  All four of us that dined there that night are pizza fanatics, and we were extremely excited to finally dine here.  We were all terribly disappointed.  The price was very reasonable considering the quality of ingredients.  They should know when to pull a pie out of the oven, or at least within ten minutes of that time.  They should keep an eye on a wood fire oven like that instead of letting pizzas almost start on fire.  I can't believe they didn't remake them, and actually sent those pies out.  Maybe that is why everyone waits 3 hours to dine here, they probably burn all the food and have to remake it.
3	Like all others I think the pizza is just ok.  The true hit on the menu is the Spiedini appetizer, Italian fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served hot.  We arrived Tuesday just after 8p and we were not seated until 1030p but we went knowing what we were in for and enjoyed a wonderful bottle of wine suggested by the helpful and friendly Danielle.  The cheese board was also good & plentiful.  I have been here a number of times tried every pizza on the menu but its just ok and not worth the wait or drive.
4	I have gone to Pizzeria Bianco 3 times and each time I have had a pleasant experience. I know that a lot have complained about the wait however there is a system (as some have mentioned) to this restaurant. If you will have a party larger then 6 - they will take a reservation. You must make it well in advance and definitely worth it - did this once and waited 15 minutes upon arriving to the restaurant.The other 2 times I went to Bianco was when I had a craving for the delicious pizza. After placing our name on the list, we would head over to the wine bar next door. Order a bottle of wine, some apps and take a seat at the picnic table outside. Just as we finished our bottle of wine, the hostess found us and we were taken into our table. Perfect way to prepare yourself for what we were about to have. The downside is that my pizza's crust has come out burnt more than once but everything else was great. It is an experience that everyone should try at least once.
5	How could Pizzeria Bianco have 4 stars? It's widely regarded as the best pizza place in the freaking country.I don't get Yelp sometimes.
5	Awesome pizza. Great place to go for parties. You have to get in line outside about 3 hours before it opens. But it is totally worth it, after all, best pizza in the country! They only take one reservationa day. You should definitly get there 3 or more hours before it opens at 5, because it is a small place and there will be long lines. Its very nice insidand you can watch Chris, the owner , and all the other chefs preparing pizzas. Dont listen to those bad reviews, this is a great place!
5	The best pizza I have ever had in my entire life!!!!! Omg!!! The wait sucks :( but I just enjoy the bar next door until I'm a little buzzed and ready to eat! :)
4	I finally made it to Pizzeria Bianco last weekend, and it was pretty much what I was expecting: lots of hype over pizza that is fairly good, but definitely not the best pizza in the country. Typical to everyone else's story, I arrived at 4:30 knowing I would have a wait. The rest of my party arrived a little later after I put my name on the list. There were about 60 people in line in front of me. For a table (they also have counter seating) the wait was going to be 2 to 2.5 hours. Our group went across the way to one of my favorite places Nobuo at Teeter House and had some drinks and some "appetizers."About 2 hours later we headed back to Pizzeria Bianco and found out our name had already been called. The hostess was very nice and got us in to table within 10 minutes.The place is definitely small and cozy. We ordered an Antipasto and also the mozzarella and Tomato. Both were very good. I ordered a Sonny Boy (Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives). The pizza is very thin and light and is very fresh tasting. Our table also ordered a Marinara Pizza, Rosa Pizza, and a Wiseguy. The Rosa was very interesting since it had pistachios on it and the Wiseguy was good, but it could use some sauce. Overall, like I said before, good pizza, but definitely not the best in the country.They don't take reservations (anymore) and they don't do takeout (although I did order a pizza to go) and with there always being a huge wait, I think he's got a good business going where you eat and drink while waiting at his other place next store (Bar Bianco).I would have given Pizzeria Bianco 3.5 stars because it's better than A-OK, but I definitely wouldn't call myself a fan. While I enjoyed the food, I've been there now and done that and probably don't really need to go back any time soon.
5	So this place has been reviewed/talked about too many times. And I don't really want to talk about it. I juts want to say the red onion pistachio pizza is unbelievably amazing. Soo delish.
1	You hear about the most amazing pizza ever.  You arrive and are told the wait is 1.5 hours.  You are encouraged to go to the wine bar next door where you are treated indifferently.  You wait.  You wait.  You wait.Your name is finally called, and you are directed to a table.  You are rushed through your order.  Your $6.00 salad arrives.  It is a mound of lettuce with four small olives.  Your pizzas arrive.  They are soggy and floppy on the inside, burnt on the crust.  You ask for a little parmesan.  You are brought a dish of cheese with a spoon in it that is clearly circulated around the restaurant as needed.Your bill arrives.  Nearly $50.00 for two mediocre pizzas and a 'salad'.  You look at the itemized receipt: "Side Parm - $3.00" (the equivalent of charging patrons ketchup for fries and not telling them about it).You do not come back.
5	so after having lived in the phoenix area for 2 years, i decided it was high time to finally see some of the restaurants everyone raves about.   This was the first restaurant i was told to try and boy was it amazing.   The wait was crappy but my friend and i just brought something to occupy our time.   Since we are medical students we had plenty of notes to keep us busy. nonetheless, we decided to see what the wine bar was like next door and a couple of glasses of wine later we are all giggles and boy talk.  3 hours later (which is a bit too much in my final opinion) we were seated at the bar and promptly ordered.   We shared an appetizer, spiedini (Italian fontina wrapped in prosciutto with arugula greens) and it was fantastic!! the cheese was perfectly melted and cut by the salty prosciutto and peppery arugula.  As for the pizzas, we each ordered a pizza knowing that we would have leftovers to take home.  I choose the Wise Guy mainly for the fennel sausage and it was worth it!  The pizza crust was amazing, super fresh cheese and the onions were caramelized perfectly.  My friend decided on the Rosa, which she really enjoyed, although we both agreed it was incredibly greasy.   All in all, a fun night away from studying, but is it worth 3 hours of smelling pizza and being starved while you wait? ....That's your call, but i will say it's the best pizza I've ever had in the US and almost as good as the pizza i had in Spain.
5	Even though we were advised to not go on a Saturday night, we had to since that was the only time they were open while we were in town.  We arrived 30 minutes before they opened to find a line of at least 60 people.  This is why were advised to go a different night.  When we finally put our name in the hostess informed us it would be 3 to 3 1/2 hrs before we got a table.  Normally this sounds horrible, but the wine bar, Bar Bianco, next door makes that wait bearable.  The hostess and staff at Bar Bianco are absolutely fabulous.  They let you know that you can leave and call back every hour to check on where your name is on the list.  When you sit down at Bar Bianco the waitress will ask your name and keep track of your reservation and let you know when your table is ready.The most important part of the pizza, the crust, was excellent.  It had the perfect slightly charred crust but chewy when bitten into.  Of course we tried the margherita then went with the wiseguy as we wanted to try a white pizza as well.  Best margherita pizza I've ever had.  I could have done without the wiesguy.  I should have known to stay away from a white pizza but was glad we tried something different.A couple we met in line suggested we try the Spiedini-Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm.  Oh mama was it good.
5	Pizzeria Bianco, you were SO worth the wait!
4	After all the hype surrounding Pizzeria Bianco, what would a visit to Phoenix be without giving it a try. A Wednesday night we arrived at 4:30 and got on the back of the line. The doors opened promptly at 5pm, when we got to the hostess we were told an hour and 20 minute wait. I hate waiting, I make reservations for everything to avoid waiting, but since we had a delicious late lunch which I'll save that for another review, we didn't mind the wait so much. We headed over to the wine bar and waited with a couple of glasses. After close to 1.5 hours our table was ready. The place holds about 40 people. After reading all the reviews we had to try the Spiedini which is Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm and on a stick. Salty and creamy, it was very yummy. The bread they serve is excellent. Thick crusty crust and tender chewy on the inside. Not that you need bread before pizza, but after all the waiting how could you not have a piece, especially when it smells so good. Pizza we had to try the Bianco Verde; Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula. I am not a fan of Parmigiano, so it was a bit too much for me, but overall it was a good pizza. We also had the Wiseguy; Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage. This pizza was more my style. It was delicious, the sweet onions paired with the smokey mozzarella and sausage was almost perfect. The crust on both pies is pretty amazing, it has the same chewiness and spring that the bread had. Would I call it the best pizza ever? No. Would I consider it really good with an awesome crust? Yes. Would I go again? Yes, but maybe I can hire someone to do the waiting for me.
5	This is the place I would go if I were choosing my last meal...it is fabulous!!! I have been going here since I was young b/c my family and I would be downtown all the time because we would be at Suns games...all the pizzas are to die for and I mean that literally...I do not care if I have to wait for 2 hours and I do not care if its raining I am going to wait and enjoy it!!  The owners are so sweet!  I love how they have not changed things or done a lot of expanding!  Everything on the menu is imcredible and if I could I would move in right next door...TRY IT!!!
4	Although we had heard of Pizzeria Bianco before, my fiance and I were presently surprised to stumble upon it in Heritage Square (we'd gone into Phoenix for first night, never having been before). We'd been warned about the wait, but at a distant glance it didn't seem to busy, so we went on with our night. When we returned, we were welcomed with a 1.5 hour wait which was our fault, really. Luckily the Science Museum, adjacent to Pizzeria Bianco, was open, and we filled that hour and a half quickly. As the time got closer for our wait to end, we went next door to the wine bar, which had a decent, but small, wine and beer list. Prices weren't bad either--beer started at $4, glasses of wine ran around $8-$9. I loved two things about Pizzeria Bianco: the food and the location. We opted to sit at the bar instead of waiting longer for a table. We shared (and finished all in one seating) a caprese salad (good, fresh, airy mozzarella), the margherita pizza, and the pizza rosa. I favored the margherita pizza, my fiance favored the pizza rosa. Both had good, chewy thin crust. The pizza rosa was a white pizza; I believe that only the margherita and marinara pizzas off of the menu have red sauce. Anyway, the pistachios on the pizza rosa were an EXCELLENT touch. Heritage Square is wonderful, especially at night. The layout and buildings are reminiscent of old New England architecture, which is a like a breath of fresh air in adobe-packed Arizona (which I love!). It's definitely a good place to stroll around (which you'll most likely have to do while you're waiting for your pizza :) ). My advice: expect to wait. They don't take reservations. Even if it doesn't look busy, put your name in. And also, don't expect it to be the best pizza in the world. It's up there, and certainly delicious, but not the best.
4	3.5 stars. The pizzas I liked were excellent (the more simple ones) but I have to say that a couple of them I didn't like as much, specifically the Wiseguy and the Biancoverde (the latter mainly because of the cheese). Appetizers were ok and service was excellent. There is a long wait for this restaurant so that increases the expectations. Nice ambience and excellent service.
5	Yes, there's a wait...but it's part of the experience!  I adore everything about this place...the pizzas (I've never had anything like the Biancoverde), the beer (it takes pizza and beer to soaring heights) and of course...Bar Bianco (who doesn't love wine/beer and appetizers as they anticipate their pizza??)  Chris and his incredible staff are always so welcoming, and I always leave a very happy girl!
3	No SAUCE for you!  We were first in line around 3:20 and brought some wine to "enjoy" the experience.  The area is beautiful and the picnic tables outside add to the ambiance. We had a group of eight and the best seat in the house in my opinion.  Following the recommendations we ordered Spiedini and it was my favorite thing of the night.  I am glad I experienced this once, why just three stars?  The pizza is dry. Did I just dare call their pizza dry... gasp I did!  We ordered six pizzas to try a variety.  The man delivering food was straight from a Seinfeld episode. We don't double cut any pizzas.  We don't have any sauce, I don't think they use any pizza sauce on any of the pizzas.  Then, "What should I do with this dry crust left on my plate?"  The ingredients are quality but pizza was still dry.  The "favorites" of the table were varied to the personalities.  My fav was biancoverdi.
4	They're changing their hours to open for lunch!  It might improve their accessibility to the general public that has things to do!  :DTheir crusty bread that they serve is delicious.  It tastes like they put a little extra salt, but the texture and taste is unlike any other bread I've ever had.  The crust is very crusty while the inside is fluffy with lots of air pockets.  The crust for their pizzas are the best I've ever had as well.  Very chewy and great taste.  They do tend to get soggy in the middle so the very tips of the slices can barely hold together when you move in for the bite, but the crust is fantastic.The toppings are another story.  They're fresh ingredients and you can tell this, however..  I heard the Wiseguy was the most popular one.  It has roasted onion and sausage on it.  Barely edible.  We also got the Sonny Boy and Margherita pizzas with a few toppings added to it.  This is what I learned - the olives and prosciutto are very salty, sausage is tasty and just about as salty as one would expect.  The basil is used sparingly and the arugula is not.The appetizers were very good, but kind of overpriced.  We got the caprese salad which you can tell the cheese is freshly made that day.  We also got some cheese on sticks that were wrapped with prosciutto on a bed of arugula - that one was fantastic.  You get 2 sticks about 7" long and I think it was $12.  Overpriced, but I would recommend it.All in all, I enjoyed the experience - hanging out in line from 350 til 5pm when they opened and started seating, meeting the friendly wait staff (not the "hostesses", the down-to-earth wait staff with the t-shirts and aprons), getting close to celebrity (saw the lady from The Practice and Lie to Me - Kelli something - and her husband that was on some kid show that I'm not familiar with AND Mayor Gordon and his family came later), and paying a hefty price for dinner but not really feeling shmucked about it.  I will definitely go back, but this time just getting toppings of my own choosing!
5	The suspense and build up by food media was no joking matter as I can finally attest to one of the most acclaimed pizza joints on American soil!  As the great Bobby Flay had once announced to a crowd of Phoenicians that Bianco's pie can very well stack up against some of the best in New York, if not the best in the nation.Regardless of who said what , I truly enjoyed what I consider a GOOD pizza! Wait, I meant a PHENOMENAL pizza! The one trait that I dearly focus on is the CRUST!  I love a crunchy, thin, light airy dough!  It even had a delicious taste to it, which I thought took it to another level! The sauce did not overtake the dough as it was light tasting and just enough to cover all areas of the pie.  The cheese had the right amount of cheesiness!  Overall, it was very well balance!  The portion was just right.  Just about any grown adult could finish this in one sitting!When it comes to pizza, I typically order something really simple.  What I just described was their Margherita, simply cheese and sauce!  With that said, I could not be more pleased and satisfied!  I came here on a Friday lunch hour and there was no line, although it was still busy!No hype! Bianco is worth the trek no matter what part of the country you are from!
4	Our wait was five minutes, arriving at 4pm on a Friday and opting to sit at the bar. I hadnt been here in probably 14 years.  Both pizzas were a little disappointing. Very good certainly, but not out of this world. I still remember chomping into my first Wiseguy in the early nineties; how qualitatively better it tasted than any previous pizza.  How explosive flavors mingled in my mouth and how my companion and I raved at how awesome it was after, literally, every bite. None of that happened this time. Sure, the competition has dramatically stepped up but I say, respectfully, that the product has slipped a little. My outer crust was burnt, pretty badly actually. Some wood oven char is expected and I dont normally even eat the ring,  but do wonder if Chris would've served this had he been on site. Companion's pie touted basil as a topping, but came with a tiny decorative leaf or two in the center. Disappointing. Their olive oil is heavenly. Addictive. I'd lick it off Russell Pearce if that was an option. The caprese salad, drenched in that stuff, is a first class oral shindig. The Anglo fellow tending Bar Bianco and Hispanic gentleman manning our restaurant bar both exuded the gentle, professional charm that makes dining out a pleasure. The hostess team was competent, but that whole dance of loitering inside a busy little restaurant to identify and engage them has always felt awkward to me. I guess I'm just shy and would prefer they stand under a spinning, electric umbrella, blinking "H-O-S-T-E-S-S".But seriously, getting there 3:30 or so, now that they're open continuously from lunch, will reduce the legendary waits. That's a good thing, because regardless of the gloried past or my recollection of it, this is still a distinctive and mostly charming destination.
3	Yesterday we walked right up to dine at LUNCH TIME and got in WITH NO WAITING AT ALL!We started with sharing the market salad it was perfectly dressed and came with the freshest greens , goat cheese and strawberries that were special ,meaning not the supermarket Frankenstein berries but REAL farmers market type and you really can taste the difference .As far as I know the only thing you can't order at lunch time is the great Antipasto and also the Bar Bianco opens near dinner time .We ordered two pizzas the Rosa and the Wise Guy .We both agree the Rosa was the most interesting pizza but at the time I thought the rosemary was missing and the strongest taste was the Parmigiano Regiano . The crust had a small amount of raw flour and black burnt air pops . Still I thought this was a good pizza and took most of it home and also ordered a Biancoverde to take home and have for dinner latter .We make some discoveries in the reheating process .One I wasn't thinking and the Biancoverde doesn't reheat well and that is my fault I should have known but I wanted to try it since I never had that one before and it sounded too heavy for lunch time but it really wouldn't have been because it is  VERY lightly topped with Mozzarella , Parmigiano Reggiano , Ricotta and Arugula . In the reheating process this became very oily and sort of partially fell apart and the arugula fried itself to a crisp .The other discovery was the reheating process improved the Rosa pizza making the pistachios come to life and making the pizza taste wonderful I did notice rosemary was used but not every slice had a leaf .This has been our third or fourth time dining here but our first time with out all the waiting and chatting with strangers and drinking a few bottles of wine and also the first time not enjoying the Fabulous Antipasto . What I am trying to say is dining here during the day loses the MYSTIQUE , the ALLURE and the Romanticism that is associated with Pizzaria Bianco and sort of seems like you are getting your Birthday Present handed to you unwrapped .If you asked me until just before my last visit I would have rated this 4-5 stars but now it really seems more 3-4ish and I also forgot to add the only iced tea is a bottled sweetened iced tea and they also offer house bottled water or Mexican Bottled Coke .I thought I remembered the pizza much better? or maybe it was the wine and all the anticipation? or maybe it was different? don't KNOW?Maybe it is the Best Pizza...I don't know but I think your first try should be at dinner time .
5	Not much to say about this place that hasn't been said already from the looks of the hundreds of reviews.  I've tried all of their pizzas except the Marinara and Rosa.  All have been excellent, but wasn't such a fan of the Wiseguy.  Too much onion for me, but the fennel sausage is great.  The Biancoverde and the margherita with fennel sausage are my favorites.  Next time I'll be trying the Rosa for sure.Some tips:  So of course you hear about the crazy long waits.  Make the most of your time if you have a three hour wait.  Go check out the Science Center's Body Worlds while you wait.  I think it's about $20 to get in, but it really is cool and kills a couple hours.  Then make your way back to Bar Bianco.  Get a bottle of wine and one of their appetizers (cheese dish is good, but small).  By the time you finish the bottle it's time to eat.  Also, I highly recommend going in the fall or spring on a really nice night so you can sit outside with your wine.  Enjoy!
5	Best pizza in the universe; but the wait sucks.
2	Visited today for lunch.  This is the second week they are hosting lunch so I was a bit wary.  I called ahead at 10:45 and asked how the wait has been for lunch and was told there were no waits.  We showed up at 11:15 and were told there was a 35 minute wait!  Ugh!  Needless to say, we went elsewhere.I've visited before for dinner in the summer (no wait) and had a good experience but I feel like Bianco's  has been over-glorified so much that my expectations are just way too high to give it anything but 3 stars - and after our lunch fiasco today, they dropped to a 2-star restaurant in my book.
3	My friend & I just had to try this place to see what all the hype was about & to see if it was really pizza worth waiting 3 hours for? Our verdict was NO. Not sure if we are able to give a fair review due to waiting 3 hours, being starving & having super high expectations. We both agreed that we would never wait 3 hours again for this place or any other restaurant for that master. It was just ridiculous. We ordered the Marguerita pizza & although we did agree that the crust was light & thin we again didn't think it was worth waiting 3 hours for. It also seems ridiculous  that they won't seat people & serve them at the huge picnic tables outside- they could cut the wait time way down by doing that.
5	We went on a Thursdsy, after having read that it would be the best time.  I hadn't been here before, but after reading so many reviews and researching about Bianco, I had a very good idea of what to expect...To those who complain about the wait: that's the allure of it all! I love the fact that Pizzaria Bianco forces you into the European style of dining out.  You're supposed to take it slow, have wonderful company with great conversations with people you may or many not know... America has fallen into this instant gratification mode of dining that they don't know how to enjoy dining out the way it was meant to be...Get there at least an hour and half before they open at five.  It should place you very close to the first seating, if not, very soon. If you come after they've opened, expect a three hour wait.  The list of names fills up fast. They use an honor system so when you get there, ask who had just gotten there before you and see who gets there after you and your group. It's an honor system, so when they are about to open at five, just go find your place in line.  During the wait, go next door to the bar because they open at four.  Order drinks and enjoy your company.   If you're unsure or uneasy, just send a member of your party next door to Bar Bianco for drinks & appetizers.Everything was fresh and delicious.  The margherita pizza is the best in my opinion.Five of us, two appetizers, two bottles of wine, five pizzas came out to around 50 dollars a person, including the tip.  Not cheap, but then again, not ordinary pizza either.  I think it's an awesome place for a date because you have a lot of time to talk and enjoy the food.
5	Love this place!! I go to New York every summer and eat pizza from  neopolitan pizza which is Pizzeria Bianco to traditional thin crust having to fold it and watch the cheese oils drip on my plate. This deffintly gets a thumbs up!
4	Went today for lunch. This IS THE ONLY TIME you should go. We arrived at 10:30a and we only had around 6 people hanging out in front. Good thing because this place is so over hyped we thought we'd be in for an hour wait. Doors opened right at 11a and we were seated right away. Litle rushed to order but if you are here you should already know what you want because you have researched it over and over dreaming of the day you go.  I'm going 4 stars not because of the pizza(3stars) but because i was transported back in time to when i was 10 growing up in(movie Sideways was filmed here)  Santa Ynez, Ca. When I was a kid, an older couple moved to the Valley from Rome and opened up a small pizzeria called The Roman Kitchen. The smell of Bianco reminded me of the old wood/brick oven they would fire everything in. To this day by far the best pizza I've ever had R.I.P. Roman Kitchen.  Overall the pizza was good pushing towards great. But not worth a hour wait. Then again I do not feel any food is worth that wait. Will I be back? Yes, only for lunch, for I do not care to stand around for hours for some pizza.  I do thank you for the flash back in time.
5	I think I love pizza more than the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -- Cowabunga!  Is it worth the wait is what everyone will ask?  Well let's just say it makes it more worthwhile.  YUM -- Indeed!  First off, if you don't know, I'm what scientists call a carnivore -- Meat!  However, to my surprise my favorite slice of heaven was topped with Arugula & Ricotta cheese - Biancoverde is a must -- oh yeah! (think I'm having a pizzagasim here!)  The bitterness of the Arugula along with the sweetness of the Ricotta was amazing.  Like dude...it was awesome.  Our service was kind, fast, and speedy.  Ambience was cute, quaint, and homey....with a rustic feel.  I wish it snowed in PHX it would've added that extra flair of love and tenderness :) - Enjoy!
4	I agree with Jeremy G.  I came here last night with my family for a birthday and the service was great, the Rosa pizza was my favorite and I REALLY enjoyed the caprese salad!!!  If it hadn't been such a long wait for the table I'd TOTALLY give it 5 stars.  I just don't think ANY restaurant is worth waiting that much time for (it was my mom's choice by the way).  Anyways, definitely glad I tried it just to mark it off the list.  However, I don't feel compelled to return for another long wait... just sayin'.
4	I'm not going to lie, Pizzeria Bianco's food was great. But 5-star worthy? Maybe not.I didn't mind the wait, mostly due to the fact that I had been mentally preparing myself for a few days (and I also ate a snack around my normal dinner time.) The hostesses and waitstaff were kind and helpful. But when it comes down to it, I just didn't think the pizza was OH-MY-GOSH-WHAT-A-PIECE-OF-PIZZA good. I actually think my opinion might have been negatively tainted by the hype. It was built to such a crazy-high status; I don't think it would have been possible for any restaurant to live up to that. However, I do think that everyone in Phoenix should experience Pizzeria Bianco once. Plus, it is a great place to take out-of-towners or a date. It's just not somewhere that I would frequent regularly.
3	Sorry, I really just don't get it. I didn't hate it and I'm not hating on it now, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.* Pizzas slapped together resulting in uneven, soggy crusts. Our party ordered 5 of the 6 available.* Psychological warfare of having to wait forever for just a few tables maintains an air of pompous superiority that tricks the famished patrons into reporting the pizza is a lot better than it really is. Waiter actually boasted about the 3 to 4 hour Saturday night wait, which we got around by having reservations!* Bottles of iced tea and other drinks bought in bulk rather than any alternative that would make more sense.Good? Not bad... Best in the Phoenix Valley? HIGHLY debatable, but personally I really can't say that I think so... Best is the USA? Impossible, there's just no way.LGO is better. Cibo is better. Spinato's is better.Most hyped? Most definitely.
5	I don't know what time people seem to go to wait this long?? Ive gone here 4 times now and the longest I waited was 45 min (for dinner) I have nothing bad to say.  No  long wait times for me.. Pizza is out of this world.. the spedini-YUM, I can't wait to go back!
3	Ive literally waited years to try this place out and finally made it here since now they are open for lunch.  I am glad we got seated right away, if we had to wait the reported 2-3 hours when they use to only be open at night, I would be pissed and here is why...........We got there about 2:30pm and were seated right away.  The place was way smaller than what I imagined.  We got the last table back by the restrooms.  These seats arent made for big people.  If we had people sitting next to us you would have felt like you were right on their lap.  Our waitress was friendly and came over and got our drinks.  Bottled drinks only so my wife got an ice tea and I got a Coke.  Its Mexican Coke so that was good.  $3 bucks for the ice tea and $2.50 for the Coke.  We then placed our order which was a margherita, a rosa and a sonny boy.  The pizza only took about 7 minutes to come out and here is how they stacked up.....Margherita- Solid.  Just plain cheese and sauce with some basil on top.  Pretty tasty.  Way too thin though as that would be par for the course.Sonny Boy- Probably the best one of the bunch.  The salami and olive combo was pretty tasty.  Again though....way too thin.  Some of the crust was burnt too.  I dont mind some char and actually prefer it, but burnt/inedible is nasty and this had a piece or two that were like that.Rosa- According to a lot of "foodies", this pizza is the Holy Grail.  Well guess what?  It was freaking nasty!  I did not like it at all.  It came out and looked super wet.  It was drenched in olive oil.  I mean like puddles of oil.  I ate a piece real quick and the pistachios were the only decent part of it.  The rosemary was nasty, the onions and too much oil overpowered the thing and the grated cheese they use tasted a little off.  I ate one more piece of it because I didnt want to waste any.  Well guess what?  I did....wasted 4 slices.   Our waitress asked if we wanted a box for it and I said no.  She replied with "Thats a first".  And it was probably true.....I just didnt like the combo of flavors and honestly it wasnt good at all.Total for 3 pizzas and 2 drinks $52 bucks.  STEEP!  After a 10 dollar tip, $62.00 and change for some paper thin pizza that was good, but nowhere near amazing.  I made my one trip there and it will probably be my last. I got to cross it off my list of places to eat, but I drew a sad face next to it because it just wasnt worth it.  Oh well.....the next 3 nights I get to eat at Grimaldis which is A+ fantastic pizza and my undisputed favorite pizza in AZ.  I just wish Bianco lived up to the hype.
2	I work within walking distance and was never interested in a restaurant that involved a three hour wait for a meal. But now that they are open for lunch I went over a few weeks ago. I LOVE pizza. But I wasn't all that impressed. It was good. But I didn't think the pie lived up to the hype. Maybe my expectations were too high given all the rave reviews I had heard. But it wasn't blown away. And I certainly wouldn't wait 3+ hours for a meal.
4	The hyperbole around this restaurant is unreal.  "Oprah flies in specifically to eat there."  "New York Times and Bon Apetite rate it as the best Pizza in all of the U.S."  "Jimmy Kimmel hired Chris to build a personal brick oven in his own home"  "I ate their once and my eyesite was restored.......praise jesus!"There is no denying this is great pizza,  All of the ingredients are delicately chosen and prepared by the man himself, and he manages to pull flavors out of each that should not be humanly possible.If you live in AZ you owe it to yourself to try it at least once.  Steel yourself for a long wait, however, 3 hours isnt much if you've got friends and wine with you,  just dont get too drunk to taste your meal when its finally time to eat.
3	Not sure what the hype is about at this place.The service was RUDE... We sat at the bar and the waiter who served us was rude, curt and purposefully made us wait longer than necessary serving all else around us first, even though they sat after us.We were told there was a 45 minute wait ( arrived at 5:30) but then waited over 1.5 hours.  Lame.  Get your times right...it's not that hard.The pizza was average at best.  After living in NYC, this place just can't and doesn't measure up.  Clearly, the people who are rating this place haven't had really good pizza and dont' have many options in this small town.... I wouldn't be paid to eat here again.  The pizza isn't that special, people.
5	Alright, let's move beyond the whole best-pizza-in-the-country conversational paradigm for just a ding-dang minute, folks.This restaurant has created a wonderful way to enjoy your meal, something that is truly (and sadly) unique in Phoenix.  The long wait becomes an opportunity to relax - to slow down, and sip wine in a charming cottage, on a grass lawn, surrounded by historic brick houses, in the shadow of the modernist science center.The wine and beer list is well-curated, the staff is attentive, and the carefree pace continues throughout the night.  Once seated, you are served in an environment that is casual but respectful.  Last time I went, the couple at the table next to us got their check 15 minutes after we sat down - and they were still there when we left.The food isn't always impeccable - and where else is it, at $12-15 a person?  But the ingredients are always fresh, the dough is delicious even when soggy, and the atmosphere cannot be beat.Honestly, it's something people don't talk about enough.  This is a place that is heralded as (at least one of) the best pizza places in the country, and a schlub like me can afford to take my beautiful wife.  We can both enjoy a glass of wine, a night under the stars, and delicious pizza for under $50.Well done, Pizzeria Bianco.  Well done.If you are coming here with your guard up, daring them to impress you, and aren't willing to slow down and embrace the whole experience, go to Cibo or Parlor or something.  That's not a knock on them, I'm just saying - if you can't take it down a notch, don't be a party pooper.
5	Being a New Yorker for most of my life, I'd have to say that the pizza here is different, but ranks up there with some New York pizzas. I'd say the difference here is that the crust is thinner, but cooked to more of a crisp.Tips:-Get there early and put your name in, as you will likely be in for a long wait. You can call them to see where you are in the waiting list and get an estimated time.-They have a bar next door you can chill at where they will come get you when it is your turn to eat.-Try the marinara or margherita without toppings if you are looking for a pure pizza experience. I tried four pizzas, but my favorite was the marinara without any toppings.
5	Absolutely the best pizza in the country!  This is no doubt at the top of my list of best restaurants and experiences in the country period.  I've eaten pizza all over the country, the top in New Haven, New York and Chicago and even in Italy and Bianco is still the best.  The pizza is unique in the chewy and crispiness plus the hand picked farm fresh ingredients and flavors that will throw your mouth and tongue into doing the tango with each bite.  I always laugh when people tell me they can't imagine waiting 2 or 3 hours to get a pizza.  I've been here probably a hundred times over the last 10 years and it's worth the wait every time.  Why?  It's a great place to wind down and enjoy the fantastic staff, the colloquialish environment and sip wine or beers with friends.  Our modern day everything now, instant delivery, always on society leaves much to be desired in real connection and honest experiences that life is truly all about.  Diving into the Pizzeria Bianco experience with the intention of establishing a delicious connection with Chris Bianco's brain child and allowing for a savory experience- an evening of un-rushed fulfillment is one of the best decisions one can make on any particular day in the valley of the sun, downtown Phoenix.
5	Okay so I'm writing a review for Pizzeria Bianco, what can I say that hasn't already been said?First things first, the owner. Chris Bianco is a great man with excellent taste. Second, the restaurant. Small, intimate, cozy, & damn it if you don't feel special just eating there in the dim lighting of a warm fire. Third, the food. The simplicity of the menu allows us to center in on the food & not be drowned under 5 pages of fluff like other "restaurants". The focus on only a few items that are made to enjoy & not just fill you up is how things should be done. Why have 100 choices if they all fall under the radar. Mae West said, "Between two evils, I generally like to pick the one I never tried before." When your done having to choose between several food "evils" at other places, come down to Pizzeria Bianco and try a slice of heaven. The pizza is great, I'm not going to paint you a Monet like description. Come down, buy a pie, find out for yourself. Read a review, then try the food & make up your own mind.
1	You're kidding me, right? 5 stars? On a 50 point scale maybe! When I held up the pizza to the light, I could blasted see through it! If I want to pay $16 for pretty air, I'll come back. The only positives were spending time with my colleague and Dave, our server - the nicest, fastest, most courteous guy in the joint. And is the only reason it got a single star.Don't know why this place is so overrated... Save yourself some time, money, and culture - order togo from Buca.
2	Okay...I'm sorry to those whom I may offend by typing the words that are to follow.I didn't think that "the best pizza in the country" was that great.I was super excited to eat here. I've lived in Phoenix for 5 years now and it was the first time that I've really had the opportunity to go. I was warned ahead of time that there is usually a long wait time...but a THREE HOUR WAIT is freakin' ridiculous!  It is nice that the little bar place is next door because it takes your mind off of the wait a little bit...but three hours is just a little much. If I hadn't been there with friends who had driven from Mesa to meet up, there is no way I would have even entertained the thought of sticking around.By the time we actually sat down to eat, I would have chowed down on a piece of cardboard with pepperoni drawn on it in red Sharpie. Yeah, they use "good" ingredients. Yeah, they have this fancy-schmancy wood fired oven. Yeah, yeah, yeah...it was okay. For the wait we had, I expected a lot more...the pizza was average at best.On the other hand, the appetizers we got were off the charts amazing. Prosciutto and asparagus, roasted veggies and bread w/ good EVOO...how can you go wrong, right?Sorry Phoenix, you're pizza gem was a big disappointment. As a pizza lover, I think it was okay...but unfortunately the wait overshadowed the food and I'll never go back.
5	I'm from New York, which I mention only because it has somewhat of a reputation for good pizza, and this place totally rocks.  I loved all the hype from my friend who recommended it to me, and was happy to wait an hour or so at the bar next door, getting hungrier and hungrier...  and then the pizza absolutely delivered.  I was with a group of 8 people and we got lots of different pies and tried everything, and we were swooning and fawning over this and that... the crust, the cheese, the sauce, the toppings.I'm glad a place like this exists, and next time I'm in Phoenix, I'm totally there.
2	I've been a handful of times now.  All I've had is the pizza, but I've had most of the menu (not difficult with only 6 choices).  The last time I went my friends added additional items which didn't improve their pizzas.The positives -- good crust and fresh organic ingredientsThe negatives -- poor pizza design, poor execution, long linesOne bit of good news is that Pizzeria Bianco is now open for lunch.  The last two times I've eaten here there was no line; both were afternoon meals.  The lines are still long in the evenings.I like the crust, as overly thin and slightly burnt as it might be.  And I appreciate the organic ingredients.  But they just don't taste very good.  The Margherita and Biancoverde, two pizza styles I normally love, are just kind of boring.  Supplemental ingredients (expensive to add and the restaurant actually adds too much of them to your pizza) don't help.  The Sonny Boy has sort of a sharp olivey flavor which isn't desirable, and the Wiseguy pizza is less than the sum of its parts.But in addition to the flawed pizza design, I've experienced inconsistency in the pizzas I've had.  The same pizza can taste substantially different on different visits.  Some might argue something about each pizza being unique because they are made by hand, but my experience is that it is simply poor execution.One last item.  This didn't contribute to the review, but is worth noting.  This has to be the worst pizza I've ever had "the next day".  Whether eaten cold or reheated (something I do with a lot of pizza), it is borderline inedible.  Not a requirement for a good pizza place, bur don't over-order because your take home portions will just go into the trash.
3	So I give it three stars.  It is really good pizza, but most defnitely not worthy of the best pizza in the country.  One thing I did not like was the lack of sauce.  There is NO sauce, "white pizza".  Not a whole lof of choices, but I guess they do that because they are always so packed and need to make sure they get pizza's out in a timely manner.  The caprese salad was really yummy.  They use olive oil instead of a balsamic reduction, so it is different.  I thought the crust could have used some flavor so I really didn't eat it (too burnt anyway), but I really like how they blended the cheeses, meats and vegetables for the toppings.  We had a party of 10, so I was able to try a slice from three pies, but I can't pick a best because they are all so very unique.  I will probably go back, but I thought a pizza, splitting a caprese salad and one glass of wine just for me, is a little pricey at 40 dollars.
4	Went here last night for dinner with some friends, and must admit that the food lived up to the hype.We drove there separately and surprise - now they offer FREE valet parking (of course tip the valet dude).  Our quoted wait time for a table was 1.5 hours, and apparently this was nothing compared to the wait my friends had to deal with before (3+ hours).  We spent time next door at the bar by ordering a bottle of wine and a cheese plate to share and before we knew it, the wait was over.Although the restaurant isn't big (and we were almost friends with the tables next to us just because it was so snug in there), there was a nice ambiance - especially with the huge woodfire oven in the back.  We ordered two Caprese salads and three pizzas - the Margherita, Wiseguy, and Biancoverde (we added roasted tomato slices to the Biancoverde for an extra charge).  O.M.G. - the food was SO good!  Everything tasted fresh and delicious.  I'm usually not a fan of pizzas with thin crusts, but these were awesome.Apparently they make their own mozzarella, which is probably why their Caprese salad ($9) is one of the best (if not the best) I've had thus far.  The tomatoes and mozzarella were sliced thick and tasted SO fresh, the basil was fragrant - and EVOO - YUM! The Magherita pizza was $12 and the other two were $16 each.  Our food came within 15-20 mins after we placed our order, and boy - the pizzas were so fragrant!  They were decently sized and were enough to feed our group of six ladies.  The Margherita and Biancoverde tasted good, but my fave was the Wiseguy, which was topped with thick slices of roasted onions, mozzarella, and thick slices of fennel sausage.  The sausage tasted a bit too sweet, but overall, each bite of the pizza slice was food nirvana.My friend ordered a Wiseguy to go, so the bill (2 salads + 4 pizzas) came to $88, and we added a 20% tip to that.  Was the food worth the total bill?  Yes!  Will I come here again?  Yes!
3	When the hype is that nuts, how can a place possibly live up? We went early-ish on a Tuesday evening, and were prepared for the infamous wait. The weather was lovely and we got a bottle of wine to enjoy outside while we waited (two hours!) for our table. Okay, it was a long wait and we got 2 bottles. By the time our table was ready, we were loaded and starving-Of course it was delicious! The crust was bubbly and crispy, and just slightly charred. The cheese and toppings were fresh and tasty. Then the obvious comparisons to Cibo came in. The quality of pizza was ever-so-slightly better, but when you take into consideration the wait, the limited menu, and cramped dining room, it falls short of its competition up on Fillmore.I'm glad I went and tried the best rated pizza in Phoenix, but will I go back? Probably not. After all, nothing can live up to that hype.
3	I went there a few months ago on a Saturday with 2 friends.  I arrived at 3:30pm to wait for the 5pm opening.  There were already several tables of people ahead of me.  My friends arrived later and were kind enough to run and get me a glass of wine.  5pm came and excitement buzzed in the air!  Would we make the first cut?  I couldn't see why not, but just then several large parties arrived and went in first...due to the reservations allowed for 6+ rule.  The line started moving and sure enough, the cut-off was right in front of me.  We'd have to wait.   My friends were irritated, even though I'd done the longest wait, but I dug in my heels and said "I'm staying, you guys can go elsewhere if you like".  They stuck with me and we went to the other building for an hour or so.  We had a cheese plate and more wine in the meantime.  Our number was up and we were stuffed into the last table at the back of the room.  We ordered 2 pizzas to share.  They were good but being so thin, not very filling and the dessert selection of tira misu wasn't very exciting.  We got the impression they didn't care much if we were satisfied, just wanted to keep the line outside moving, so I left still a little hungry.    Added annoyance was I forgot to have my parking stub stamped and had to pay the entire fee when I left.  So not a great experience I'd say.   It would be really nice to go there and walk in like a normal guest, not in a herd, and enjoy my first glass of wine WITH my pizza.   Maybe it's better now that it's open during the day?
4	Pizza was amazing. Anti pasto to die for. This was my first time here, and it was packed. We waited 30 mins for a table, but it went fast. It is definitely a small cramped area, but a nice setting. The entire menu was very good. Not authentic italian cuisine, not not much is in the USA. I will most certainly go back.
5	* This 5 Star rating is for the PIZZA only!!!This review is long overdue. As a matter of fact I started waiting in line to get into this joint last year and I just now had my order taken. No joke here, the lines are serious and the people in line seriously want there food. It is a long wait!! I will not eat a PB during the summer months. It's actually a seasonal restaurant for me unless I have hired a place holder. Expect to arrive early to get a spot in line. If you are more than 25-30 deep you are going to have to wait until second seating.....sometimes taking 2+ hours. That is the bad. I have been here morethan a dozen times and it is always worth the wait. I love pizza. I mean c'mon, really; Who does'nt?  My very first time I said "Pizza is not worth this wait", on the contrary, it most certainly is. This is not NY style, Chicago style or any other this is Chris Bianco style and it is fantastic. Hot, chewy, toasty crust with a bit of a pull. Housemade sausage, frsh grown on site vegetables and an incredibaly hot oven help create these gems. If you are a visitor from out of state DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE UP! Every pie is great. The fresh fennel and sausage is out of this planet. Enjoy!! Please don't let the wait time and snobby people bother you too much. There are some pretentious pricks who wait and feel like they own the joint because they are regulars.....ignore them. Wait...Sit...take your time and enjoy yourself!!
2	My mother and several of her friends would always rave about this place. For years, I just never bothered going here because I just don't like the downtown Phoenix area. A few months ago, though, I finally decided to give it a try. Some family members and I met up downtown and were ready to be blown away by some incredible pizza!We ended up waiting forever-- over two hours-- to get in. This wasn't a huge shock, so I won't really factor that into my review rating. It was a long wait, but we knew that it would be. However, it's what came after the long wait that disappointed us. Once we were finally in, it took forever for our order to come out. We were also split up into three separate groups even though our party wasn't that large. That's fine, too. They were busy and pretty packed, so I understand that.The pizzas, though, were extremely unimpressive. Even my mother commented on how she did not really enjoy her pizza that much, especially when compared to previous experiences. My pizza was so unexciting that I don't even remember what I had ordered now, which is pretty uncommon for me! It wasn't disgusting, but it was so boring that I can't even recall eating it! I think this sentiment was shared amongst all of us that night. For the price and the hype, it just didn't live up to our expectations.My mother also mentioned to me that Chris Bianco no longer makes the pizzas because of some allergy he has or something. Perhaps this is why the quality of the pizzas has gone down? I'm not sure, but either way I just wasn't impressed. I was so excited to eat here, too!
2	Extremely overrated. Been trying to go here for a long time but refused to wait hours to get in. Expected the best pizza ever from all the hoopla. Pizza was good, not great. Overpriced for sure ($21 & $16) with limited toppings available. Also very sparse on the toppings too. Small salad was $9. Much better pizzas and variety at Humble Pie, Rare Earth Wine Bar or Oregano's. We came, we tried, and we won't be back.
3	Given the reputation and urban lore that follows Pizzeria Bianco, I had expected to wait in line upwards of an hour.  To my surprise my party (only 2 of us) waltzed in and sat right down.  Easy enough.The restaurant is nice and cozy and very small.  When the weather is cooler I would expect longer waits simply on the small size of the place alone.  The pizza oven was directly behind my and I felt sorry, if only for a moment, for the two guys manning the oven.The wood fired pizza will bake quickly.  Don't expect to wait very long.  That is one saving grace if you do happen to get stuck waiting.  Most parties should out in a timely fashion unless they decide to hang around too long after they eat.  This is the kind of place that anyone with common courtesy will depart when they are done eating.The Bianco pie is hyped.  While it is very good I can think of two places off the top of my head that are better (neither is located here in AZ).  Based on the food alone I would normally give a place like this 4 stars but two things irk me about Pizzeria Bianco: value and selection.  You must choose from a selection of only 6 pizza varieties ranging from $12-16.  If you want to leave with a full stomach expect to order 2 or 3 pies and expect to drop some cash.  I shared a pizza with my friend.  The 3 slices rationed to me were akin to eating on slice of your standard pizza.  Service was friendly and attentive and they will validate your parking ticket if you are parked in the garage next door.Good pie and place overall but not up to the hype.  If you can get right in, by all means, go for it but I'd wait for another day if the wait approaches the fabled hour mark.
5	Went here recently on a trip to Phoenix and it is as good as ever.  I have been here 20+ times when I lived in Phoenix and I never had a bad experience.  The pizza is amazing.  I always go with the wiseguy (sausage made locally from Schreiners) and has never disappointed.  The appetizers at the wine bar next door are fantastic.Expect a long wait...who cares, grab a bottle of vino and enjoy the atmosphere next door.FYI - get a babysitter, not a great place for children.
3	We arrived for lunch right at 11 and waited for them to open the doors. There was already a good size crowd waiting to get in. We were seated right away and service was fairly quick (total lunch took about an hour, not too bad for sit-down service). Since it was a work lunch, we couldn't have any beer or wine. they have 3 options: Coke, diet Coke or sweet tea (all bottles). No fountain drinks at all. That was fine by me, water is cheaper. It is worth noting that the beer they have on tap (Thunder Head or something ) is REALLY tasty and VERY hard to find anywhere else. It's available next door at Bar Bianco.They only have 6 pizza options and 6 additional topping options. If you want fruit or something on your pizza, you better go somewhere else, because that's not what they do. I had the Rosa pizza, with parmegiano reggiano, red onions and pistachios. it was quite good, but not amazing. Two friends had the margherita pizza and one had the one with fennel sausage. One friend LOVED his margherita pizza but hated mine; I had a piece of his and thought it was bland. The guy who had the sausage pizza found it to be so-so. I always thought they got a little crazy with the sausage. It's pretty strong tasting stuff, you should go easy on it.After lunch, don't expect dessert. They don't have any. They do have a huge coffee machine, so you can have your espresso or cappuccino. If you come at dinner time, be prepared to wait. You can make reservations for 6 or more, but you have to do that weeks in advance. Honestly, no matter what you've heard, this is NOT the best pizza in the Valley. La Grande Orange does it as well or better, plus they have more topping options and are more than happy to give you a half and half pizza. This place is a little snooty. My friend had a salad and wanted to add the fennel sausage to it (he's on a protein diet). They said the sausage is for the pizza only! Really??So, if you really want to try it, go right ahead and make up your own mind. Maybe come at lunch time. Not nearly as busy and it has all the same food (unlike Cibo, which has a different menu at dinner). But you would probably be happier at Cibo or La Grande Orange. Both make awesome pizza with more options and are way more friendly about it.
3	Not sure why I bother writing a review with 500 others.  It's very good pizza.  Extremely good crust.  Really pretty reasonable price for gourmet pizza.Setting is extremely cool "loft" type space.  Staff seemed nice.I didn't eat here the first 10 years of my life as I refuse to wait in that long of a line.Happened by it one time when there was no line, came in and sat down, and had my pizza ten minutes later.I probably should give it 4 stars.  But after hearing about it being the best pizza in the world almost, expectations were high.Absolutely worth stopping by and getting a pizza if you are in the area and there is a small or nonexistent line.Absolutely not worth waiting two hours for, especially in late spring to early fall, when it can be really really hot.
5	This place is unbelievable.  Chris knows his heritage.  Top notch ingredients, fresh and delicious.  Ambience is right on.  This is real deal pizza Napoletana.  You're not going to get any better than this out here.  Grazie, Chris for sharing your art with our friends out here in the desert.  Salud!
2	You would think Jesus was making your pizza from all the other reviews.My guess is, you will absolutely love it there.  I don't like it it.  The pizzas are incredibly small for the price and there are better pizzas to be found right here in Phoenix that are less expensive and you won't have to wait a few hours to eat.The pizza itself is fine, it's not horrible or anything but it most certainly doesn't live up to the hype. The small space and huge demand means the tables are very close to each other.  If you are looking to a semi-private conversation over dinner, this isn't the place.  I suspect that to a lot of people there is a charm with the social interactions between the tables, just know that going in.
4	I just returned back from Phoenix where I was able to try Pizzeria Bianco. In business since 1988 this place has been talked about by many to be the best in the west. I ended up having a Margherita pizza which consists of sauce, cheese and fresh basil. Its becoming a trend to see traditional small Neapolitan style pies offered in trendy establishments. While many in the past have been tastless I thought Pizzeria Bianco did a fine job with bringing out some good flavors accompanied by a nice crust...this pizza was a slam dunk for me. The only thing I have to say is...when you use just fresh mozzarella its hard to get a very tasty pizza...I prefer a blend of cheeses. I did think $13 for a small pizza is a bit overpriced but the quality was very good. Only problem I had with the place is the seating and wait...I went in alone to sit at the bar and was quoted 75 mins after 9pm. I came back 20 mins later and noticed there was a spot at the bar which was still empty to which they finally let me sit there. Overall 85/100....for what it was ...it was very good. Ill Duke it! oh and btw...it might very well be the best in the west
4	Great Crust. Great ingredients.  Worth the hype of Peter Reinhart's book American Pie?   Not sure.   It was great though.No fresh ice tea kepts it from getting 5/5.
4	Pizza and Speidini were very very good!  Crust was superb atmosphere was tremendous!  Would I wait three hours??????   No way...Go for lunch and get there by 10:45 on a tuesday or wednesday and limit your party size to 4 or less and ou'll be fine.  Staff is friendly, vibe is comfortable.Pizzas are good size one feeds two, but make sure to baseline with a white and a red on your initial visit.Think Mozza in Hollywood has as good or better pizza and they accept reservations soits an easier "notch'.  But Bianco is way friendlier!
5	love love love this place.  i don't care about the wait.  love the food.  all very very yummy.
5	Every time I am here, I enjoy the rosa and the caprese.  Their homemade mozzarella is so delicious.   Just be ready to wait, which isn't bad because you can enjoy a glass of wine and a lil cheese/meat/olive bites in their waiting area... or bring a game while you wait.  Who gives an F how long the wait is when the food is this yummy fresh.
4	That was some delicious pizza! I couldn't decide between the one with arugula and the one with salami and the clever man at the bar suggested I get half and half. Genius!Cute restaurant, good service, and lots of light and good wine.Some of the reviews complain about the wait, it almost scared me away. The gods must have been smiling on me cause I waltzed right in and was seated right away. I should buy a lottery ticket...
4	Great food for a decent price that should easily get 5 stars if it wasn't for the insane amount of wait time.  My group showed up 15 minutes early for a group reservation and still had to wait 60 minutes, ridiculous!  Everything I had was delicious and I think the spinach pizza was my favorite.
4	Fan Yes,  Hype check, Atmosphere, check,40 mins to wait, check,"The wait"Why not go next door and spend money waiting for an open seat.  Or hang out and enjoy the Arizona weather if possible.  Quality Control, ingredients are as good as it gets,  Pizza quality, one of the best, again one of the best so many great pizza places to choose from especially in the Phoenix area.  The photos tell a great story see the crisp crust.  that is their science as the cooks balance each pizza perfectly between a soggy pizza and a burnt crust.   A place to be and great place to enjoy with people.  its hard not to have a great time, isnt that what its all about, high quality experience and most of all taste.
2	A freaking 90mins wait!  Two stars because of the ridiculous wait.  Food is good and maybe borderline great, but this place is nowhere close to being a "new hotspot" and it still has an hour and 45min wait at three pm on a Sat.  It's great for the  owners, but there are many more places to get pizza.
5	Best pizza I've had outside of NYC.  Be aware though, that reservations for parties less than 6 are not accepted, and you will wait an hour (or more) to be seated indoors.  During summer months, outdoor seating is only for those who like to sit in saunas while having dinner.We went next door to Bar Bianco and had a drink and some nibbles of goat cheese crostinis to pass the time, which really went pretty quickly.The hour wait well worth it.  Anyone who says this place isn't worth the wait obviously doesn't know good pizza.  If you don't want the wait, and don't know good pizza when you eat it, please just go to Pizza Hut.  That will make MY wait here shorter.We started with the organic baby greens salad, and then my husband and I had the Biancoverde, which comes with Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula.My parents had the Margherita, with added mushrooms, onions, and olives.Our 8 year old daughter had plain cheese.  She HATES trying new things and gave this place 2 very strong "thumbs up".  I would put this place on par with the famous Grimaldi's in NYC.  3 pizzas, 5 people, no leftovers.
4	Excellent food all around!!  The anti-pasta was good, salad was interesting, and the pizza was exceptional.  My favorite was the Rosa pizza with a close second at the bianco pizza.  The wait wasn't too bad on a Thursday night and with the bar next door it went quick.
3	Last year we tried to get into this place for dinner on a Wed and was told 1 hour 45 minute wait.  Never mind we'll try again.  A year later, I found out they are serving lunch and we gave it another try - this time on Sat. for my husband's birthday - he loves pizza! We were seated right away - our choice bar or table.  We opted for a table and were waited on promptly. We both got Bubble Up to drink (Basically 7-up in retro bottles) and the Sonny Boy.  The pizza was good, wood fired (Honestly, not a big fan of this style), fresh ingredients.  One pizza is enough for two.  Once they spotted we were getting to the end of the pizza - we were asked if we wanted a coffee or anything else - no we didn't and was promptly given the check.  We both felt that the pizza was good, not worth waiting any time longer than 10 minutes for (too many other places to choose from) and the wait staff moved you along very quickly, don't even think about lingering for after dinner conversation unless you are ordering more food/drink.Now I can say, I've been there done that.
5	Absolutely amazing pizza. We arrived early, got a bottle of wine and some appetizers from the bar next door and turned the wait into a party. Can't wait to go back and eat there again.
1	My family and I had a horrible experience here in June.  We were visiting from D.C. and our mother took us here because of all the rave reviews.  I was 7 months pregnant at the time, and also brought my two young children.  The staff was very rude and even asked me to wait outside for our table, the restaurant was NOT crowded and I asked to sit at the bar to wait because I was uncomfortable, but was told I could not.  Furthermore, the pizza was not worth any wait!!  Oregano's  pizza is better and the service/staff are outstanding compared to snobby  Pizzeria Bianco!!
4	I got lucky and got a single seat at the bar. But it's a Wednesday night. I got there at 5pm. The wait for any party from 2-6 is about 45-75 minutes. Uh.The pizza. Okay I can say it's probably the best in Arizona. But outside of NY, I still prefer Apizza Scholls in Portland, OR. The crust at PB seems to lack salt. Although crispy and thin, it lacks flavor. I got half and half Wise Guy (onion and fennel sausage + mushroom) and Margherita. I'll give the Wise Guy a 3 out of 5 because it's kind of bland. The Margherita I'll give a 4 out of 5. The sauce is pretty good. But every pizza I've had at Apizza Scholls in Portland, OR I've given 5 out of 5. It may seem pricy to pay $16 for a personal size pizza but that's what good pizza goes for these days. So there it is. Best pizza in AZ, but not really worth all the hype, and the wait.
3	Here is my theory, and Im sure in some cases I'm totally wrong, but its just a theory.  Most of the people who eat here don't have reservations, which means waiting in line for hours, even after you get your name on the list, you have to wait longer. So most people go over to the bar next door and drink, if you think  about it, by the time you  get your pizza you have waited at least 3 or more hours, and more than likely are drunk. Combine that with the preconceived notions they have already heard about this place, it makes for one amazing pizza.Now I'm not trying to hate on this place at all, but it is just so overrated. The pizza was really good, the customer service was horrible, price was okay. My friends and I had reservations and ended up not getting a table until 30 minutes after our reservations were supposed to start. If you have a ton of time on your hands I recommend it, but your not missing too much. I have heard that Cibo pizza is actually better, and you don't have to wait in a ridiculous  line.
5	Oh man let me tell you about this place. I have been here a few times before and they recently started opening for lunch, which might I add was the greatest thing EVER. We went on a Friday. They open at 11:00 and we were seated right away. within 30 minutes this restaruant was full and there was a wait. Granted there are only about 8-10 (2) seater tables and 6-7 (4) seated tables and maybe 8-10 seats at the bar. Still 30 MINUTES. I do have to say that they have a wine and appitizer bar/house next door for you to sit and mingle while waiting for a seat to open for you. I got the margherita pizza minus the basil add  prosciutto. Man this is the best pizza I have EVER had. The sause is super simple which is awesome. They cook it in the brick oven pizza stove and when it comes out they put the prosciutto on it. My partmer got the wise guy pizza and added muswhroom. Same thing she always gets, that should tell you how good it is. She also for the daily salad, which was fennel, parsley, watermelon in a light lemony juicy. She said it taste like summer. I am a pizza fan, like one of those ones that can buy a frozen one from the store and be just as happy with it. So for me to say this is the best, LISTEN PEOPLE. SIDE NOTE: They do not accept reservations and If you get there in the evening on a weekend you are going to be looking at a 2 hour wait. Trust me though it will be worth it
4	First off, if you think you can beat the crowds just forget it.  I didn't even know there were enough people in Phoenix to crowd a place like this and cause a 2 hour wait on a random Tuesday night.Also while the food itself is very well-priced for the quality that you get I think this place makes its real money off it's bar next door where you will most likely wait 2 hours and order some drinks to keep your sanity.  So in other words unless you like waiting in line outside expect to spend some money in the bar while you wait.The pizza's themselves seem to live up the reputation.  Anything you order will have the kind of chewy but crispy crust you'd expect from a place that claims to be one of the best pizza joints in the US.  The real star of the show  though, is the toppings.  I was lucky enough to try two pizzas, the Margherita and the Rosa.  The Margherita had the freshest tasting mozzarella and basil on top of a tomato sauce that wasn't overpowering.  I knew I had to order the Rosa just because the toppings looked so odd (Onion, Parmigiano, Rosemary, Pistachios) and I was blown away by how well everything completed each other.  Unlike some pizza joints that just pile on toppings that tend to blend together, all of the toppings on display here were distinct and went together superbly.  This is one of those places that I would love to keep coming back to, if it weren't for the darned line.
5	My boyfriend and I tried this place while on vacation after hearing about it on the food network.  We heard it was rated the BEST PIZZA IN AMERICA, and my boyfriend being from NY had to try it.  We headed over after a Diamondacks game and put our name on the wait list which was 2 hours long.  Was it worth the wait?  YES.  Was it some of the best pizza I've ever had?  YES.  Make sure you try the BiancoVerde pizza.  It is unlike any pizza I have ever had in my life.  The ingredients were so fresh!  The waiters were super nice and the food came out pretty fast!I will DEFINITELY hit up this restaurant the next time I am in Phoenix!
1	Another popular place in Phoenix but I gotta say why? The food is the average run of the mill type you find all over Phoenix and what a disappointment that is after waiting 2+ hours to get in. The atmosphere is nice but the services lacks and the attitude reminds me of a restaurant better suited for a Scottsdale location. You defiantly get a sense from the place that they think they are the cats meow. Totally over priced for what you get and the quality. Try the Parlor or Cibo less attitude better food.
3	I moved to Phx about 6 months and since the beginning I have been hearing about Pizzeria Bianco. I also heard how freakin long you need to wait to get in. I tried it once at night and after an hour and 15 minutes I gave up. I couldn't help but wonder1. why don't they serve food outside?2. why don't they make the restaurant bigger?3. does the owner want to keep it small despite the negative experience for MANY people who have to wait for forever or just don't go because they don't want the hassle?Well, they they started serving lunch. Usually it's too far for me to run to during the work week but I happened to have a random day off and luckily I put this on my list.I was so happy to show up and see plenty of seats for me to choose from at the bar. Hallelujah, let's see what the fuss is all about. I had a tasty coke from a bottle (I'm rarely a caffeine drinker) and ordered the Margherita after debating whether to go red or white. 5 minutes after I ordered the friendly waitress told another customer at the bar that you could split the pizza and do half and half for yourself. Wish I woulda known!It took awhile to get my pizza but it was damn tasty. Maybe a 20-30 min wait tasty, but not a 4 hour wait tasty. Still good, still glad I went, still want to go again, definitely not at night, but lunch is my saving grace.
4	The pizza here is pretty good.  That's saying a lot from me, because I'm a true pizza snob!  (Sorry, I'm from the Chicago area and we all know that Chi has the best deep dish pizza, EVER!!) Anyway, I had the sausage, spinach and garlic pizza and the flavor was outstanding.  Be prepared to wait for at least an hour or so before you are seated.  It's always a long line to get in.
5	Pizzeria Bianco delivers on a great handmade, wood fired, traditional pizza.  Its touch to dethrone my personal LA favorite pizza from Mozza but Bianco is right there at the line! I had been warned about the long waits, and seen them first hand in the evenings walking home from the stadium, so I slipped in right at 11 for the start of lunch.  I got a table right away and was able to enjoy a great meal without feeling rushed in any way, I would definitely suggest trying for weekday lunch if you want to miss the crowds.The pizza was really good with the great wood fired flavor that you can only experience in a few spots such as Bianco and Mozza.  The dough and crust were perfect, I was really impressed with the crust that took on a great caramelized taste right around the edges.  Don't run from what you think may be burnt spots, embrace the caramelized doughy bliss.I sampled the Margherita which I consider the ultimate pizza to judge a spot by, and the Wiseguy because it sounded great and I could not pass up house smoked mozzarella.  The Margherita passed the test with flying colors, the basil had a great aromatic presence that perfectly complimented the great tomato sauce.  The Wiseguy was impressive and the smoked mozzarella complimented the wood fired greatness of the pizza as a whole.Well done Pizzeria Bianco, if Phoenix were my hometown then you would be my top craft pizza spot in the States
5	When a man falls in love, it's a special thing. Not because his calloused hands and heart are finally softening. Not even because he has found something that completes his very living soul. It's special because he is simply, and utterly....happy.Ladies and Gentleman of Yelp....I have found the pizza that makes me happy.I heard all the hype..."best pizza in the country", "Oprah says it's the best", "The Food Network hypes it up", "Chris Bianco learned how to make pizza from Jesus". Ok, I made up the last one.My friend and pizza aficionado, Lance has been known to drive in from Los Angeles...just for this pizza, and then he would drive home. Sometimes, he'd even fly in. It had to be good, right? Tonight, I chose Pizzeria Bianco for my birthday dinner because of the hype. I had made a pathetic attempt to dine here once, but myself and the individual I was with, we both were intimidated by the 3 hour wait. Is any pizza worth three hours? That's a personal judgment call. That night, I ended up dining at Nobuo, across the path....and it was a nice meal.I digress. I've been preparing for this trip. I read up on various press articles, and discovered that as of last week, they are open for lunch AND Mondays! Perfect. Tonight, I dined with my parents. My favorite dining companions. We sat down in the very intimate dining space. No wait at all. Perhaps, people don't know that they are open on Mondays. Fine by me.The decor is nice. Simple, with a classic cucina feel. The brick oven is the star of this place. Clearly.We ordered some bread to get started. It came with a little cup of high end olive oil. Fantastic! The crust was crisp, and the bread was chewy to the point where you can't help but smile when you eat this.The pizza is phenomenal. We ordered two pizzas (for three people). One was half Rosa and half Margherita, the other was the Biancoverde.  This way we were able to try three different kinds of pizza .All three styles were phenomenal. The winner of the three was the Margherita. The tomato sauce doesn't overpower, the mozzarella melts like a dream, and a hint of basil. The Rosa was unique, and also delicious. The Arizona pistachios take some getting used to, but pairs well with the red onion. The Biancoverde was much more complex. Definitely a hearty pizza because of the ricotta cheese. Very tasty. It's topped with arugala, so you will get a nice earthy, and loud flavor. Usually when I eat pizza, I take a bite of the crust, and then I leave the rest. Not here. I went through the entire pizza slice because it's perfect. Chewy, crispy, and full of happy!Take it from me....this place is worth the hype. Look at the reviews from other Yelpers. Even the picky ones love this place.Maybe it's true. Maybe Chris Bianco did learn how to make pizza from Jesus. Sure as hell tastes like it.Now if you are wondering about the other stuff, it was also a five star experience: staff friendly and attentive, and the bathrooms are spotless.Worth the 3 hour wait? YES. Bring all your friends here? YES. Will I guarantee the awesome? YES.#300
5	One of the best pizzas I had.  Considering how I am a pizza snob when it comes to pizza outside of NYC, that alone says how much Pizzeria Bianco delivers.One thing that I enjoyed was the unique toppings for the pizzas.  When first hearing it, pistachios doesn't sound too appetizing on a pizza.  But I assure you, the flavor combinations are great.  Highly recommend the margherita pizza.  Surprisingly, basil works really well on pizza.  The crust is what takes the cake for Pizzeria Bianco. It must be the wood-fire ovens they use.  The crust is crisp and light.  Blends perfectly well with the ingredients.  On top of that , the pizzas aren't too expensive and the rustic atmosphere of the restaurant adds to the experience.Overall, if you're in Phoenix, you should stop by Pizzeria Bianco.  I hear that it is a 3hr wait.  But it only took me 20 minutes to get a table, so don't get intimated by the wait time.
4	Great pizza. This is a place to go when you aren't on a time schedule.  Go with friends, have some drinks next door and talk.  It helps to make the two hour wait go by.  Once inside the place is small and noisy.  Also this is best experienced during the spring or fall seasons due to the need to wait outside.  If you go in with the right mindset, you will have a great experience.  Enjoy!!!!
5	Undoubtedly the best pizza outside of Italy. Arizona is honored to host such a superb artisan as the master chef who owns and operates this place. If you come to Phoenix, this is the one place that truly matters to go to.The wait is ridiculous, and for any other restaurant save a hand-full (such as Ruth's Chris for instance), the wait would be intolerable. For this pizza, however, the wait makes perfect sense. I literally spent over 3 hours out of my 18th birthday waiting in line for this place (I had already been here many times before), and I honestly don't think I would've rather done anything else with that time.The pizza here has been voted the best pizza in the world by the Travel Channel, by Bon Appetit Magazine, and by (the most meaningful in my book, since it's a slap in the face to every cocky New Yorker) the New York Times. With worldwide recognition and universal praise by critics, this is a landmark in Arizona. I love this pizza, and this restaurant, every time I go there without fail.For me, the Wise-Guy pizza is the best thing in the world. They start with the best brick fired crust you can find here, in New York, or even in Italy. Then they go for some salty house smoked mozzarella (it's one of their sauce-less pizzas), add some wood roasted petals of onion, then top it off with some homemade, hand-spiced fennel sausage. Oh yeah... the pizza is that good. But, that's just my personal favorite, they have 6 pizzas to choose from with 6 extra toppings you can put on. Doesn't sound like a lot? Well.. this isn't Cici's. This is art, PB doesn't need a menu full of novelty pizzas to make it. They have a short list of perfect Italian Pies that need nothing, and leave you wanting nothing. By offering little, they offer specialized, immaculate pizza to their patient clientele. This place is a singularity in the way-overdone pizza business. The chef and his brother have a garden where they personally grow all the herbs, spices, and some of the toppings for their pizza. This place is one of the few places on the West coast to have an old-school wood fire brick oven (they are in Heritage Square in Phoenix and are in a historic building, so it was grandfathered in). Another quirk is that every morning they make 500 balls of dough to be made into exactly 500 pizzas that night. And when they make all 500 pizzas, they close shop and go home. They even slightly change their dough recipe for humidity and by season to help insure the perfect product, every time you go there. It's all of these small little touches that make this particular pizza joint stand out from all the rest.There are so many things to say about this place. I love everything, from the very best french bread I've ever had that they serve with olive oil and vinegar, to their minimalist, ultra-classic spin on a salad, even to the great bar next door for the adults in your group while you wait. This restaurant truly is the pride of the Valley of the Sun. If you come to visit, you didn't really see Phoenix if you didn't go to Pizzeria Bianco. Period.
3	I was extremely excited to try what is considered some of the "best pizza" in America..., finding out it was only minutes away from my new office. My expectations may have been too high. Our party of four went for a late lunch, we did not have to wait for a table. My fiance and I decided to try 2 pies, the margherita and the Biancoverde. The Margherita pie came out quite dry, not with the wonderful chewy crust that a great margherita should have... however, the Biancoverde, a white pizza with Ricotta and arugala, was fantastic! Incredible flavors, the extra toppings kept this pie perfectly moist and delicious, it was really quite perfect. Unfortunately, we had a hair in one of our pizzas, however, that's only part of the reason for the mediocre rating... The hair, the 1-2 star margherita, and the non-existant meat selection I can only give a 3 star rating... (I'm a bit of a carnivore, I need more meat!)I'm still looking for something to replace the incredible pizzas I've had at my favorite neopolitana joing back home in Canada, Famoso. Will I be back to Pizzeria Bianco for another go? Absolutely...
2	Everything about Pizzeria Bianco is exaggerated: both the wait time and the quality. We went in with high expectations, having heard all about a New York Times article saying that Pizzeria Bianco has the best pizza in the country. We left quite a bit less than amazed. The wine bar where we passed our time before being seated was charming, with a rustic theme suffusing the area. The wine selection was limited however, favoring reds over whites. I liked that their beer selection included a number of local breweries, but their selection was limited in that as well. For non-alcoholic selection they had Mexican Coke and Coke Light (Diet Coke) . Avoid the Coke LIght unless you like to be overwhelmed with Aspartame.We eventually made our way to the main dining area, which strangely enough is smaller than the wine bar. We were helped quickly - you certainly cannot fault the service here, which was prompt and friendly. Then our pizza arrived.I don't know what the opposite of synergy is, but the pizzas we ordered had it. They were less than the sum of their parts. We ordered the Wiseguy and the Sonny Boy. The Wiseguy is a white pizza (no tomato sauce) with smoked mozzarella, sausage, and smoked onion. The Sonny Boy is a standard pizza with salami, olives, mozzarella, and tomato sauce. The Sonny Boy's ingredients were lost in the melange of the pizza as a whole. There was no clarity of taste from the salami. It was more a texture than a taste, and the texture was leathery. The salami reminded me of prosciutto rather than salami: very thin and salty. But with the mozzarella and tomato sauce, the salty taste disappeared into a void. The salami also looked a tad raw, salmon pink in areas rather than red. The pizza was also somewhat small. I felt like I paid sixteen dollars for a ten dollar pizza. I could not help but wonder whether the writer of the famous New York Times article had ever eaten pizza before.  The Wiseguy was not much better. Given that there were so many smoked ingredients on the pizza, the pizza did not taste smoky at all. It was an okay pizza. Certainly not bad, but also very certainly not the best in the country; not by a long shot. It is not the best pizza in Phoenix, or even the best pizza in the neighborhood. So far, that goes to Cibo. It is not a bad place at all. The crust is crispy as one would expect from a wood-fired oven, although I question the wisdom of placing said oven in the restaurant. Phoenix is hot enough without placing a colossal heat source a few feet away from the seating area. I think that having so many rave reviews actually enhanced our disappointment with the restaurant. We went in expecting to be blown away and left with some sort of existential malaise. I can recommend Pizzeria Bianco, but only with reservations. The pizza is  above average, but Phoenix abounds with mediocre restaurants so the bar is not very high. There are better Pizzerias in Phoenix; Cibo and Le Grande Orange come to mind immediately. LGO even uses many of the same ingredients as Pizzeria Bianco, but with far better effect. In essence:  don't believe the hype. Eat here if you want good pizza. Don't eat here if you want amazing, best in the country pizza.
5	Completely, utterly, undoubtedly, a few more imploring adjectives - worth the hype.GO.
5	There's really nothing more I can say that hasn't already been said. The pizza offerings are all original and tasty like nobody's business especially with one of the great bottles of wine that they offer. The antipasti plate and caprese salad are fantastic too. We lucked out last week and walked right in on a Monday and were seated (four of us at 6:00pm) immediately. They apparently just started opening on Mondays and I don't think word is out yet. If you want to go and don't want to wait four hours (while getting sloshed at Bar Bianco next door) go on a Monday before word gets out.
5	I was scared to try Pizzeria Bianco. Any restaurant with the sort of hype this place has is just waiting to disappoint. I was especially skeptical since, after spending a summer in Italy, I haven't been able to find any pizza that rivals a true Italian pie. So, Saturday night, I braced myself for a super long wait to get some good (not great) pizza.Boy, was I pleasantly surprised. To start, the weather could not have been more beautiful. We've finally gotten a little taste of Fall! I'm sure it will be yanked away before we know it and we'll have to endure a little bit more summer, but this weekend was glorious. Sitting on the front patio of Bar Bianco while waiting for a table was anything but a "wait". It was a great time, with good drinks and friends! To those of you who stand around in a drab lobby for an hour to eat at Olive Garden and then complain about a "two hour wait" at this cute bar, you're insane.On to dinner. Oh my. Our table had two Margherita, one Wiseguy and one Rosa. Each was amazing in their own way, but the sausage on the Wiseguy was incredible and everything about the Rosa was perfect. You have got to try these two. I think I may have dreamt about the Rosa that night... Onion and parmesan and PISTACHIOS!Overall, I was super impressed with Bianco, mostly because it actually DID live up to all of the hype. Gotta love that.
2	I thought big girls knew where the good food was at...but Oprah definitely does not. I tried the Wiseguy and Rosa pizzas and was not impressed with either. The crust was alright and the servers were attentive but when I pay $16 for a small pizza, I damn well better like it.
5	WORTH THE WAIT. An Avant-garde, trendy, Modern establishment with the BEST damn pizza under the sun. Think of going to Pizzeria Bianco as an "experience" not just  "getting dinner". Expect long waits on most days if you don't want to get there early enough to be seated immediately. There's a wine bar next door where you will find yummy cheese platters and vino. Which means you can sip and snack while you wait in line. Give yourself about 3 hours for the entire experience and after making a reservation check out the pub just across the way, (if you have to wait a while). They have great beer, my favorite onion rings, a pool table, and indoor-outdoor seating (just be sure to keep checking back to make sure you don't get passed up!) Although each magnificent, My favorite Pizza's are:  "Sonny Boy"(Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives)   "Rosa":   (Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios)I'm a regular here and the service and quality is always the same: MAESTRO WORK... Eat well, live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do. - Cheers
4	Read in a "Places to Eat" guide of Phoenix that Pizzeria Bianco had the best pizza in America. The pizza was the best "Trendy" pizza I have ever had. To me Chicago pizza is the best in Chicago.Place was great though, charm/ambience, customer service, location etc. When visiting Phoenix would definately visit again. I am a fan! Fight On!
5	This place was great. When one of my coworkers sent an email to our group who was visiting Phoenix saying he had gotten us a reservation at "The BEST pizza in the country" i Was skeptical. Best pizza in Phoenix? Well, I wasn't disappointed! We had a group of 8., and we ordered almost one of everything on the menu:Apps:Antipasto - Wood Roasted Vegetables, Sopressata, Bite of CheeseSpiedini - Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm Pizza:MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil MARINARA - Tomato Sauce, Oregano, Garlic (No Cheese) ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios SONNY BOY - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula WISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage Of all of them, the Biancoverde was my absolute favorite! I don't eat pork, so I couldn't sample them all, but I'd happily order this one again. In fact, my team is returning next week for another team dinner for the coming Phoenix trip, and I will for sure be ordering this.Their house draft beer is also quite tasty!Tip - if you are a party of 6-10, get a reservation! They don't take reservations for smaller groups and I've heard the wait time can be a few hours at the busiest times! But worth it!
4	Great atmosphere and the pizza was tasty.  My hopes were built up a lot, but I cant say this is the best pizza I have ever eaten.  Don't get me wrong it is great just not my best.
5	As soon as I found out we were headed to Phoenix, this place was at the top of my list, the one that I  know by heart.  And I wondered of it really could be as great as I've read it is for the past few years.  It was, and truly may be the best pizza I've ever had, including ones in Naples, NYC, and Chicago.  Never mind that each of those locales has their own particular style and genre, Bianco's is just simply amazing.The antipasto platter was fine, roasted peppers and fritatta being the best of it.  The cauliflower was vastly over roasted and swimming in oil which was disappointing but that still doesn't lower my rating.  I just wish we had ordered 2 pizzas with no "starter" so that our enjoyment had been further maximized.  As it was, leaving half (it is that rich and filling) of our Biancoverde was truly difficult.  If we had planned better, we could have tried the Rosa as well.  I cry a little on the inside...That said, believe the hype, wait if there is a line, make sure you are truly hungry and find your way here.  Completely worth it!
5	Easily the best pizza i have EVER eaten. Shared a Rosa and Wiseguy.... White pizza are my favorite and these didnt dissapoint.  Awesome staff even took some pics for me!! Its a $12-$15 item that will have eating till u barf! Ive had $50 steaks that didnt amaze me as much as that Rosa.... Order the Rosa !!
5	Taste buds went CRRRAAZZYYY!!Finally made it to the much raved about Pizzeria Bianco and happy I did. It was absolutely delicious. Thankfully we made it at a good time where we didn't have to wait at all for a table (YES!). I ordered the Margherita and was deliciously pleased. However, my sister opted for the Biacoverde and boooy was I jealous. It was awesome and my favorite by far.
5	I grew up in Northern NJ, and I consider myself somewhat of a pizza snob. Pizzeria Bianco deserves its high rating - the pizza was great.
4	I had heard of Pizzeria Bianco some time ago and even tried to visit once, but there was a 3-4 hour wait to get in. However, we happened to pass by this time on a Saturday at 4 PM and walked right into the last table. The service here is simple and fast. There is really only one server, host, chef, and busser working the entire place. Although it is small, I am still impressed at how they coordinate and work together to serve everyone. Right when you need them, they are there and when you don't, they're gone. Why do other places have such trouble figuring this balance out? Clearly, the employees at Pizzeria Bianco are sharp, skilled, and care about meeting customers' needs. Our pizza arrived literally three minutes after we ordered.The pizza is cooked in a brick oven, which leaves the crust nice and crispy, the cheese gooey, and the toppings juicy. We tried the Sonny Boy, which comes with tomato sauce, mozzarella, olives, and salami. Everything was cooked perfectly and the thin crust is much appreciated. The olives are quite powerful, so be careful if you aren't a fan of those. The salami topping was crispy and flavorful. The pizza came with a ton of toppings that covered the whole thing. The sweet organic iced tea was refreshing to drink.The pizza had six large, thin slices and was perfect as a light meal for two. Heavy eaters and larger parties will probably need to order a few pizzas. We came just before the dinner rush and got in without trouble.I recommend Pizzeria Bianco for a light and tasty brick oven pizza in a local, friendly atmosphere. Visit during off-peak hours to avoid long wait times.
5	Blog for full review:Having now sat for perhaps thirty minutes while pies entered and exited the oven being delivered to many around us the time would finally arrive to taste the oft raved pizza of team Bianco as all four of our selections arrived simultaneously covering the table and filling the air with the smells of smoke, yeast, pork, tomato, and basil.  With much sharing to be done and pictures taken the next twenty or so minutes would consist of much less talking and far more eating than the previous thirty and beginning first with my selection - well - let's just say it lived up to the hype as the ROSA with Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, and Arizona Pistachios may just be the best "specialty pizza" I've ever tasted.  Beginning first with the crust - an expert balancing act between the thinness of a Neapolitan like Lucali and the chewy hole structure of that at Great Lake - it was nearly perfect as the slight char from the wood oven gave each pie a lovely crunch yet pliable interior that could support the ingredients without disturbing them.  Moving next to the toppings - no sauce here - just thinly sliced onions, intense salty cheese, crunchy smooth pistachios, and a touch of rosemary to pique everything else.  Marvelous.Moving next to another of Bianco's signatures, the WISEGUY with wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, and Fennel Sausage I was pleasantly surprised by the mildness of both the onions and the fennel, both present but not overwhelming, while the slight spice of the sausage floated above the pools of creamy cow's milk mozzarella.  Another well balanced pie, though I do feel it could have done with just a touch less olive oil...a small quibble, to be sure.For the third choice, the BIANCOVERDE with Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, and Arugula would be the only pizza we modified from the menu description - in this case by adding a $3 supplement of Organic 'La Quercia' Prosciutto Americano from Iowa that was every bit worth the cost.  Again featuring that same pliable smoky crust but this time topping it first with the trio of cheeses before adding the arugula and prosciutto after it exited the oven this "Salad Pizza" was a valuable addition to the lineup largely because of the quality of the ingredients and the balance achieved by using each lightly.  From the smooth mozzarella to the puddles of ricotta and tangy Parmigiano up through the slight bitters of the greens and the powerful saline notes of the pork everything simply clicked though for some the lack of spice was an issue - an issue easily amendable by the red pepper provided on request (try getting that at Una, Lucali, or Great Lake.)For the final selection, that of the man who'd experienced Chris' work longer and more frequently than the rest of us combined, there was no way I was going to miss out on the MARGHERITA while I was here and thankfully he'd ordered it (thus preventing me from ordering both it and the ROSA.)  With the stars of the show well known - simply the freshest Tomato Sauce with light hints of sweetness, oregano, and garlic plus Fresh Mozzarella, and Basil - this was a no nonsense sort of pie that hit on all cylinders; tangy, creamy, aromatic, smoky, and perfect.  While not the absolute greatest Margherita I've ever had, a top 5 member for sure and when paired with the rest of the menu, the service, and the setting a pizza definitely worthy of the fame especially considering the fact that Bianco uses all local ingredients including tomatoes from California in the making of his sauce.Eating, sharing, talking, and then eating some more while the service checked in occasionally to see if we needed anything else our time at Bianco felt much longer than it was and when it was all said and done only four slices remained - two of the WISEGUY and two the BIANCOVERDE - all wrapped up and going home with their respective owners while I took home with me the memories of some of the best pizza I've ever experienced and (perhaps more importantly) the experience of meeting with some great people for outstanding pizza in a setting where people have a passion for what they are doing without all the pretense.  Yeah Chris didn't build the oven and furniture by hand like Lucali, and perhaps Pizzeria Bianco doesn't fly all their ingredients in from Italy like Una, and sure Chris' health prevents him from being ever present at the oven like Dom at DiFara or Nick at Great Lake but in the end the results are the same...this is some really great pizza well worth going out of your way for.
5	Took friend here the other night, as I haven't stopped by in quite a long time.  I was surprised at the following:1- I can still park Bessie out front, instead of in the parking lot.2- Heritage Square has been totally pimped out to perfection.3- Most of the original crew is still in place, providing warm, friendly and VERY competent service.4- The meal was absolutely impeccable, as it has always been.We shared a bottle of Prosecco and crostini while we waited.  Then we shared an order of spiedini and a Biancoverde pizza.BUONISSIMA!!
5	Pizzeria Bianco is in downtown Phoenix, a five hour, nonstop flight from New York City. A simple Italian eatery set amidst south western mesas that outline the horizon, cacti, and bone-dry 100 degree weather.One would not be quick to assume that this is the place where some of the finest pizza in the continental U.S. is made. An almost hour-long wait and the anticipation seemed to recreate a familiar occurrence. If there was something New Yorkers did well, it was they knew how to wait. The scenario is a familiar one. We wait for trains, the post office, our coffee, and the list can go on and on. Thus, waiting for a table at a prized eating location was no encumbrance at all. Especially if you did not have reservations on hand.My dining partners in crime were peers I had just met at the AIGA Pivot Design Conference. Their anticipation for a memorable meal was just as apparent as mine and our other fellow pending diners, mostly other conference attendees. To disregard the need to wax lyrical about this experience would be inappropriate. While the restaurant boasts house made country bread, luxuriously delicate olive oil, makes their own mozzarella and has an herb garden in their backyard--I would like to address the pizza.Every disc that emerges from Bianco's prized brick oven is a delicious discourse amongst ingredients that know a thing or two about savoir faire. They do not argue brashly. Rather, they express a point of view that does not over extend its stay and courteously assent to the other players in the game. This decorum is best exemplified in the Rosa, an intimate gathering of Arizona pistachios, red onion, Parmigiano Reggiano and rosemary. This is umami in its finest moment, oozing with salty pungency that is brilliantly composed. The crust was a juggle of thinness and chewiness that maintained a hearth char but a yielding surface for the ingredients to shine.Bravo Phoenix!
5	I love love love this place despite the long wait, somewhat snobby staff, and lackluster neighborhood. The food is totally worth all that you have to put up with. I recommend going to see a movie while you wait (there is an AMC) close by.
3	We had a friend from Italy who came to visit, and heard PB is the best in town, so we thought this would be the restaurant of choice. There really is a lot of HYPE about Pizzeria Bianco that I don't really understand now that I've eaten here. Came here on a friday night and put our names down. We were told it would be about 1 hour to 1:45 minute wait. It really is a tiny place, that fits only about 30 people maximum. So we walked over to Bar Biano next door.Once we finally got seated after waiting about 1:30 minutes, we ordered fairly quickly since we were famished. I ordered the biancoverde pizza & added red sauce. My italian friend said you can't have a pizza without red/tomato sauce. It also came with ricotta, mozzarella cheese topped with argula. My friend ordered the Margarita pizza (mozzarella & basil). The food took another 20-25 minutes. We thought bread was complimentary but apparently you have to order it. No matter how great the food is, a 2-hour wait to me is just ridiculous. I was forewarned but I didn't free like this was a one-of-a-kind pizza place. Don't get me wrong I LOVE wood-fired pizza but it's just too long of a wait.  My Italian friend said the pizza crust was good, but he had an issue with the cheese saying it wasn't ''authentic''. My guess is many places in the Valley won't truly have ''authentic'' Italian cheeses.The pizza was definitely delicious.. my crust was slightly burned but I ate the whole pie by myself!Bottom line: Don't come here hungry. Expect to wait. and Come with good friends since you'll have PLENTY of time to catch up.
5	I can now say I have reached the pinnacle of pizza perfection.Pizza has always been one of my favorite foods and has recently become one of my obsessions after visiting Naples this summer. I have found some amazing people within the states most notably in the Bay Area, Southern California and Chicago, but was simply blown away by the perfection that is Pizzeria Bianco.I came here on a Friday afternoon and there was no wait for a table of five. We sat down and were super excited to sample some of the best pizza in America.I started off with a salad consisting of fresh mozzarella, basil, olive oil and tomatoes. It is probably impossible to make that list of ingredients taste bad and this salad did not disappoint. Everything worked perfectly together. The salad was light, so fresh and so damn good.I had to order the margherita pizza because that's the best way to judge a place I feel. The pizza came out piping hot and it was absolutely beautiful. The crust was for sure a clear highlight. It had a beautiful char and a great chew to it. The combination of sauce, fresh mozzarella and basil made this easily one of the best pizzas I have ever had. So amazing.I also tried a few slices of the Rosa pizza and that thing blew me away. The combination of onions, paremesan reggiano and arizona pistachios was a flavor I had never experienced. The pizza was rich and so ridiculously flavorful. It was one of the best specialty pizzas I have ever had.I came into Pizzeria Bianco with insanely high expectations and I believe the restaurant exceeded them. The ingredients are what really set this place apart from everyone else and the pizza is simply amazing. Bianco sets the standard for Neapolitan pizza in the United States and I am not sure there is another place that could beat it....
4	On a whim I ended up here on a Saturday night. The lady and I were enjoying the zombie walk when we all of a sudden decided to top off the already romantic evening with a date at Bianco's. Believe it or not, we waited less than an hour for a table. That being said, I wasn't wasted when I finally got to my pizza and I wasn't a pissed off/hungry food nazi waiting to hate every bite. I was completely neutral going in.We ordered some bread and olives to start, and they were both tasty! I would have preferred some kalamatas but the olives we received were good enough. The bread was great, and with a little bit of olive oil and salt, it was even better. As for pizzas, we ordered a Sonny Boy and a half Wiseguy, half Rosa. The Rosa was good. The rosemary and pistachios really went well with each other. The Wiseguy (the pizza that I thought would be my favorite) was just okay. The sausage had fennel in each chew, and the onions were a nice touch, but there wasn't that pop of flavor like I got from each bite of the Rosa. It's important for fancy pizza in my opinion. And, last but not least, there was the Sonny Boy. This pizza was definitely my favorite of the three. The salami, the cheeses and the olives went perfectly with one another! Those first few chews were the highlight of my visit to the pizzeria. I would order that pizza again in a heartbeat.My bottom line...? It's good. Period. I'm not sure that I'd want to wait for 3+ hours to eat there (that's silly considering all the other great pizza places not too far from there), but if the same kind of situation that I had my first visit came about, I could see myself returning to Pizzeria Bianco.
4	The pizza gods must have been looking out for us because we got into Pizzeria Bianco in less than an hour on Zombiewalk night! The boyfriend and I rolled in here on a whim since it looked less busy than usual. I love the look of the place. Small, cozy, lined with brick and warm colors. Loud, busy,  but everyone seemed to be having a great time. We started off with some bread, oil, and olives. All very good, but it's hard to go wrong with bread and oil. The pizza was where the real litmus test would be. We went for the Sonny Boy, Rosa, and the Wiseguy. The Wiseguy was sort of boring. The sausage didn't have great flavor and I usually love Schreiner's sausages. The Rosa was very interesting--not something I'd eat very tie but definitely worth seeing what the hyper is about. My favorite, the Sonny Boy. How can you go wrong with Salami and olives?I know there is an endless Cibo vs Bianco debate so I'll jump in to give my two cents. Both are excellent but I'll give Cibo a slight edge. I like the di Notte pizza at Cibo more than any pizza I had at Bianco. Also, I like the variety of things that you can get at Cibo. Although the small menu at Bianco works, I do wish there were more appetizers or desserts to choose from. I had a great time. I went in with few expectations, just wanted to see what the hype is about! Would I come back? Absolutely. Would I wait three hours? Probably not. I think this is a great destination spot to take guests who want to know what everyone is talking about.
5	Stopped here with my sister on the way out of Phoenix airport.  I love amazing bread and they have both--the bread and the pizza crust. Wow.  We had a veg pizza that was half bianco and half with red sauce.  Added mushrooms on top (yum).  I had a bit of an issue with their red sauce--I'm not exactly sure why, maybe it wasn't sweet enough.  But the white pizza side was perfect and had the added interest of pistachios.  I bought one of their breads to take home to the family.  I love eating pizza and bread in Italy and bread in France.  This is top-notch.  Go. Enjoy.  Luckily we went on a day when the museums were closed and at a weird hour, so there was no wait for a table.
3	Best Pizza in America. That's a big claim to live up to. And unfortunately, live up to it, Bianco did not. I don't even think it deserves Best Pizza in Phoenix.After many years of not wanting to wait in the legendary 3 hour line for Bianco I decided to try it brave it and take an out of town friend to this famous pizzeria. It was a Wednesday night, about 6:30pm. We walked in and got a table immediately. Has the hype died down or did we just get lucky? Anyway, apparently Wednesday is a good night to go.We ordered the market salad which was arugula with apples, goat cheese and a wine vinaigrette and a margherita pizza to share. The salad was delicious. Fresh ingredients, not too much dressing and the perfect amount for two to share. Following that came the pizza. It was good but honestly not that great. I was expecting to be wowed. I wanted to bite in and say "holy crap is this good." Instead I bit in and thought "yeah, it's pretty good." My out of town friend who had never even heard of the place (or the hype) agreed. Maybe if you wait for three hours it does taste amazing because by that time you're starving and any pizza would taste like the best pizza ever. I was just glad we didn't wait that long for pizza that was just good.Don't get me wrong, I liked it. Overall I'd say the food was good but not worth all the hype. The salad was more memorable than the pizza. For a similar style pizza I'd recommend La Grande Orange instead.
3	Pizzeria Bianco represented a conundrum of pizzeria dining for me. On the one hand, it's hard not to appreciate the labor of love and culinary excellence that goes into their pizzas, from the fresh ingredients to the brick oven to the intimate, urban setting of the place. On the other hand, it's hard to justify a two hour or more wait, mediocre wait staff, and tasty, though not one of a kind flavor of the pizza there. My girlfriend loves to cook, and always keeps up to date on the nearby restaurants that get rave reviews and/or have staked their claim in the culinary industry. Naturally, she had this place on her radar for a while. Pizzeria Bianco has been called the best pizzeria in the country by such people as Rachel Ray and many others who have even eaten at pizza powerhouses like New York or Chicago. I have never eaten pizza in either of those cities, and yet I even had a hard time imagining that a pizzeria in Phoenix could be better than what they have out there. That is the collective theory, however, and people flock from all over to eat here. Like I said, I can see why it gets rave reviews from a culinary standpoint, but I really didn't find the pizza to be worthy of being called "best in the country." If you're lucky enough to eat here without having to wait for hours, it is a pretty great pizzeria and you'd be hard pressed to find fresher ingredients. If you aren't a pizza snob, though, you'll find that other places like Grimaldi's and Oreganos serve up delicious, if not better, pizza with a substantially shorter wait time.
5	This place was recommended to me more than pretty much anything else on a trip I made out to Phoenix.  Additionally, I was told that along with their supposedly legendary pizza, were the legendary wait times.  With that in consideration, I strategically planned my visit to be on an in-between time on a Saturday afternoon well after lunch, but fairly before dinner time.Being downtown, if there's any free parking, I didn't find it, and I parked in a pay garage easily within walking distance.  Pizzeria Bianco would validate my ticket, and in the end, I still paid just a dollar to park for this place.  Regardless, it's located in one of the nicer parts of Downtown Phoenix near all the sports complexes, and not within any eyesight of any of the slummy looking areas.Regardless of my odd time I chose to show up, there was still a wait, but it wasn't to the extent of three hours as some other users may attest to.  30-40 minutes wasn't bad, mostly because of neighboring Bar Bianco we were suggested to wait at, which was definitely worth a trip in its own right, due to the smoking hot woman working the bar, the Four Peaks beers on tap, and the comfort of a relaxing outdoor country-style patio where I could people watch and enjoy some suds on a not-hot November afternoon.When I got seated, the interior is very sparse, but an intimate, cozy feeling, and not at all pretentious as a place that might have three hour waits might make a customer feel.  The centerpiece of the establishment is the giant stone oven where pizza is wood baked freshly to order.I ended up ordering a Wiseguy, but my friend ordered a Rosa.  Trying both pizzas, I'd have to say I preferred the Rosa, but my Wiseguy wasn't bad at all.  If you're thinking of commercialized New York style pizzas with tangy sauces and the entire produce section on it, you probably won't like Pizzeria Bianco.  Their's is definitely more along the lines of artisan, Italiano style, where everything is fresh, tastes fresh, and is absolutely delicious.  The centers are soft and chewy, but the crusts don't make you feel like you're eating wood, either.  $16.00 for my Wiseguy doesn't in the least bit feel steep at all, considering it's far less than what I'd pay for a satisfying steak dinner or something else considered "fine dining."Ultimately, it was worth the wait.  Classy downtown location, cheap validated parking, great bar with its own great attributes to wait at next door, fantastic bang for buck, and wonderful pizza.  As easy of a five-star rating as I'd give.
5	We've been trying to make this place for years, but either didn't have the minimum number for an advanced reservation (6), didn't call a month in advance, or weren't   willing to handle the wait.  This was our lucky day.  We toured the Heard Museum, and finished in time for an early dinner on a weeknight where nothing much was going on downtown.  We walked in and saw empty tables, but were told there was a 30 minute wait.  Hmmm....but then, two places were open at the bar, and we jumped on it.  What a great place to enjoy Pizzeria Bianco.  The most interesting conversations took place between the 8 of us, which totally enhanced the whole experience.  The handmade mozzarella and tomato salad is totally to die for and a great way to start your dining experience.  We enjoyed the Rosa and Sonny Boy pizzas, and pretty much finished both!  Gotta say, after finishing, it definitely would have been worth the wait, but sooooo glad we didn't have to! Definitely visit during a slow time, and do take a seat at the bar....you'll meet the most interesting people while enjoying the best pizza ever!
4	great pizza. I'm not a pizza fan, but since this place is one of the list I have to try, so I have to give it a try.the best time to get here is. Lunch before 11:15. otherwise, expect 20 - 40 min wait time.I wouldn't go as the best pizza in the US. but it is one of the best pizza in Phoenix.been here a couple of times and tried a couple of their items on the menu.the best thing about their pizza is the sauce. where most places the sauce is sour and too bland (like regular tomato paste).
4	It's a small pizzeria in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Luckily this place offers complimentary valet service so you don't have to park so far or actually pay for parking whether it's on by the nearby streets or the many pay parking structures.The menu is pretty simple. They just have salads and pizza. Couple of beers, and they serve wine too. They have a small bar area and the big pizza oven is right there in the back.The pizza ingredients are fresh too. I chose the Wiseguy pizza with wood roasted onion, house smoke mozzarella and fennel sausage. Nicely cooked. 13" that is the perfect size for one person. Maybe two. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw?select=Ud0V3xC9u8-KDnbChaKspgAnd they serve local brews too. I got their Santana brewery amber ale. Served in a can. For a relatively hot day, this brew was just right for the occasion.
5	Pizza Bianco has the best wood fired pizzas.  The wise guy and bianco verde are a great combo.  Make sure to add mushrooms to the wise guy for a taste sensation.
4	One pizza each and two beers before a concert...loved the cozy cool space that this little pizza gem is packaged in. From the website you can't really get a handle on how small it truely is, which now explains the long waits and need for reservations etc. But yes! it was delicious and YES I'll be back!
5	The pizza is awesome but be prepared to wait.  I went with a group of 8 and waited about 4 hours to get seated.  The nice thing was they own the bar next door so we had a great time talking over drinks and appetizers.  The pizza was awesome and the staff are really friendly.  Altogether it was a great Saturday night.
4	Unfortunately Chris is no longer preparing the pies. This sucks bad, but is not the end of the world. He can't do it b/c of health reasons and no matter how much I love this man and his pizza, I wouldn't want to lose him. So get well Chris, we love you.That being said, the food is not the same. The pizza tastes different ( I think they are using new tomatoes and the cheese tastes different). It is very hard for me to accept this as you can see I rated this my favorite restaurant in the country. Because pizza is such a simple food, even the most basic changes (like the guy making it) hurts. But when you change the ingredients and the guy making, it you have a different product.This place still wins on ambiance, character, and cool, but the food is not the star anymore. There are better pizzas in town now.
5	Amazing pizza, one of the best I have ever had.  I had the Sonny Boy, which was a simple pizza with red sauce, mozz, salami, and this imported italian olives.  Super delicious, but be careful, it can be a bit salty due to the amount of thinly sliced and baked to perfection salami.  Salty and delicious.  But by far, the star of the show is the crust.  Its chewy, crunchy, baked just right in the brick oven and absolutely delicious.  The service was friendly, the location is only a short walk away from the light rail station (5-7 min) and is in a sort-of gated off little alcove surround by other bars and small restaurants, right in the back of the Phoenix Science Museum.  Definitely recommended, and would go again next time I stop by Phoenix.
5	Some of the best pizza anywhere.  Period.
4	Went with a meetup group, so we had a reservation for our group of 10 (reservations only allowed for groups of 6-10 folks), and we took up a good portion of the 42 seat place.  It was definitely nice to go with a larger group so we could swap slices of the different types of pie!Three pizzas come with sauce and three are sauce-less, aka white pizzas.  The white pizzas can also be ordered with red sauce, but c'mon...do you really think you know this pizza better than the legendary Mr Bianco??  And don't you DARE ask for red sauce on the side because that just ain't happening!Well...I tried the margherita...gotta stick with the classic.  It was definitely one of the best margs I've had before, but not the best.  Blasphemy for me to admit this in writing, I'm sure...but the crust was absolute perfection on this and the others I tried.One gal did the unthinkable and ordered the Biancoverde with red sauce, so was able to try both the traditional white Biancoverde and her modified version. Both were fantastic (and preferable to my margherita!) but Chris had it right without the red sauce.  No shock there!Parking situation is pretty tight but they have super quick and easy (and free!) valet at the ready.All in all, I most certainly would NOT wait in line for hours, but for a quick meetup WITH RESERVATIONS it's a great spot.
5	Half the fun is the wait.....If you are going to go, you may as well get into it. We get into it, at their Italian place next door and drink tons of wine. L and I later that night had a hot kiss and she lost her precious earrings. I even drove back the next day to look for them somewhere against the wall. Just kissing, but hot, if you lose earrings.We went twice once alone, and the 2nd time with her sons and friends. We ordered every pizza imaginable. It seems almost every high end pizza now, is brick oven and more about the crust. I like everyone else will mention, I am from the East Coast and know pizza. Best in the United States, we have several that are at that level. You can flip a coin on which one is better.
4	My second trip to Pizzeria Bianco was just this last week... The first trip was YEARS ago and I remember waiting nearly 2 hours for a table and being half-tanked from drinking wine in the bar next door.  On this trip, I am happy to report my date and I walked in and were promptly seated at the bar (we opted for this vs a 45min wait for a table.)  We started with the Spiedini, skewered pcs of  italian fontina wrapped in prosciutto and served warm over arugula... Those were so tasty! Come on... it's delicious, smoky pig wrapped around lovely, velvety cheese! Then my date and I each ordered pizza (we could have easily shared, but opted for leftovers!)  I had the margherita and added the gaeta olives. Those olives were like little orgasms on my taste buds! They were a great compliment to the simplicity of the margherita and paired well with the chianti I chose as a beverage. I wouldn't say it doesn't get any better than Pizzeria Bianco, but they certainly do what they do well. The ambiance of the restaurant and neighboring bar is warm and welcoming. The servers are expedient and attentive. The prices are fair and you can find something for everyone on the menu!
3	OK...so I moved to town about 8 months ago and FINALLY made it to what I had heard was The Holy Grail for pizza.  I was prepared for the wait and arrived a good two hours before I planned on partaking in the feast that I had heard so much about.  I have got to admit, I LOVE the atmosphere and love the beer/wine bar next door as well as the English place across the street.  Its all part of it....and the charm is unlike much of anything that I am accustom to in the Southwest.  I almost felt like I was in New England or even the Carolina's.  It has a wonderful old world charm.OK.  So its finally time and we get seated at a wonderful and cozy table by an absolutely charming hostess.  Really made me feel special.  We perused the menu and ordered three  that seemed would be a perfect complement to one another and 15 minutes later they arrived.Ehhh.  So, so.  Fair.  One of them said on the menu that it came with a marinara based sauce had no sauce whatsoever.  At least nothing recognizable.  When we asked if there was any way at all that we could get some sauce on the side (and we knew that Bianco doesnt roll with that) we were politely told that they do not do that BUT they would make us another one if we wished.  I mean that is a wonderful offer...but we couldnt bare to see a decent pizza get wasted.  It just needed a little sauce!  So we told them "no thanks...it's fine".Ingredients are fresh, service great and atmosphere really kinda special but once again, the pizza isnt that out of this world.  But I guess you've got to do it because it is after all "Pizzeria Bianco".  And I will be back.  Probably quite a few times.  I loved the experience.  But for a woodfired pizza...with quality without the ego (to not allow a side of sauce to come out) there are a few places I'd pick first.So long and short (I have to believe) is that you should communicate with the waitstaff as to what you enjoy in a pizza without presuming that it comes with things we take for granted like a good red sauce.  I have a hunch that if you do you are probably guaranteed to enjoy your za when it shows up.  Chow!
2	Went there a couple weeks ago.. Very uninspired to write this review.So we just moved here from Portland and had eaten at the best wood fired pizza in the nation (see previous reviews if you're ever in the portland area).  Pizzeria Bianco was recommended by a friend that owns a wood fired pizza oven, so we definitely were expecting the best.The wait is everything everyone says it is... 1+ hours. We waited in the bar next door and I asked if they had a Rose wine and was told that they had one not on the menu. Now here is where it's both our faults.. I never asked the price and she never offered it.  I was a little shocked to say the least when I got the bill for $50, it was good but not that good.We headed over and ordered our pizza.  We got the Fennel Sausage pizza and honestly it wasn't that good unfortunately.  The sausage wasn't crumbled and it didn't taste like fennel very much.. Just really uninspiring.  Service was not that great either. We sat at the bar and the guy rushed us and I just didn't feel the love.So hate to do it but yeah... two stars.. I really wanted to like it but it just fell short.
3	Was in the area checking out an exhibit at the Phoenix Science Center and noticed the place was open for lunch.  I was super surprised no one was waiting outside and decided rather then to wait hours later to steal a seat with my husband and have a nice little lunch.  We ordered the Rosa Pizza and shared. It was yummy, and the perfect size for two people.  The pizza is handmade and put into the wood oven located within viewing distance right in front of you.  I guess I'm not that big of a crust person but being near the fire of course it was a little burnt, but that didn't bother me.   We sat at the bar so not to have to wait and got in and out of the restaurant super fast.
2	Went for lunch on Dec. 28.  Arrived at 11:30 and had to wait 90 minutes.  Service was  good but I was really disappointed in the food since I had read many reviews raving about the pizza.  It was ok but not great.  And when you have to wait that long (I understand our wait was not out of the ordinary) the food should be fabulous.  We often go to Serious Pie in Seattle and like their pizza much better ---and  never have to wait 90 minutes!!
5	Don't go during dinner. It's definitely not worth a 2-3 hour wait. But, if you go after 9, this becomes a much better experience.My second visit improved my memory of this place. Came after 9pm, so the wait was less than an hour, and passed quickly at the Rose & Crown. The mozzarella and tomato salad tasted fresh enough to be local and The Wiseguy pizza was very tasty. But, in summary, I think the best experience is to go late and just with one other person.
5	Simply amazing, I can't recommend this place enough.Order a margherita and a Rosa, you will not be disappointed!
4	Brought the kids here for lunch during a Science center day. Managed to sneak in before the lunch rush and got a table for 6. Woohoo. We ordered the regular cheese pizza for the kids, and my other nanny friend and I had this other pizza with sausage, onions and smoked cheese. I'd have to say I liked the kids pizza better than the adult pizza. The adult pizza was just too smokey tasting for my preference. My favorite part about Pizzeria Bianco- the cats wandering around outside the place. :) My overall opinion, doesn't live up to the hype. Good pizza, don't get me wrong, but I am glad I didn't wait hours for it.
2	One word: OVERRATEDThe pizza was subpar. Ive had much better for the price.My group was smart and made a reservation, i really didnt enjoy the dirty looks and comments we got from some of the line that had been waiting (for what im still not sure) when we went in ahead of them.I really wasnt impressed.
4	I have been wanting to go here for yearsssssssssss.  Typically when a restaurant has that much hype, you would expect to pay a ton of money to eat there, but I knew the pizza here is not crazy expensive, so I have no idea what held me back for so long. So finally, on my b-day weekend, my girlfriend Abby treated me to Pizzeria Bianco, a place she been wanting to try out for a while as well. As I'm sure many of the reviews probably already note, this place is now open for lunch. We went about 1:30 pm on a Friday and were able to grab a seat right away at the bar. The place stayed busy the whole time, even when we left at 3:00 pm, but you wouldn't have to wait more than a couple minutes for a table. I started out with one of their draft beers, not too impressed so I switched to San Tan on the next one. I loved the coziness of the place, and completely understand why there would be such a long wait in the evenings. I had the Wiseguy pizza and Abby had the Sonny Boy. Over all pretty good. I think we were both expecting to have some light shine down on us from heaven and the bartender bust out some harps as we took our first bite. The pizza was good, and in any other place I would be overly impressed but I think the years of hype stole away some of the pizza's thunder. I actually like La Bocca Urban Pizzeria better. Hope that don't break any of your hearts hearing that.Everyone should go at least one time. I wouldn't mind coming back again as well, I wish I could go before Suns games. I could probably add my name to the list before the game and get seated after! Protip: If you just want to try this place out, go for lunch. If you have time (and money) to burn, it would be a fun experience to drink next door for a couple hours, then eat some tasty fresh pizza.
1	If you like burnt bread with very little toppings, this is a great place. I thought it was a waste of money. I have had frozen grocery pizzas better. Also, guy who parked my car moved it as it was in a different place than where he first put it. Of the 100-200 pizza places i have gone to in my life, this one would be top 10 worst.
5	Great pizza! Light but filling, super fresh homemade ingredients that you can taste and just delicious! It does get busy but we were able to snag a table around 1pm so some of the lunch crowd was starting to die down. they are very fast here and servers take good care of you. The caprese and Margherita pizza are fabulous!
3	Um, so what can I say about this place. Everyone loves it (well some on here aren't so impressed). I would actually give it a 4* for taste, but a 3* for value. I must say though, our server was great, just how I think excellent servers should be. He told us his recommendations and his favorites with his own personal twists. We ordered the antipasto, margherita + fennel sausage, biancoverde + prosciutto, and since we weren't full yet (there were 3 of us) we got the sonny boy + mushrooms. The antipasto was very delicious. I would recommend! Great mixture of veggies and cheese and olives.  The best rec from our server was the biancoverde + prosciutto. That's his ultimate fav and that was our ultimate fav! Too bad we didn't end with it. Maybe if we did, I'd push this up to 4* ;) (It is a must try! Flavorful and fresh ingredients. Superb!) We ended with the sonny boy and that was a big of a disappointment. Both my hubs and I didn't care for the Gaeta olives on the pizza. It was also a bit salty too. But we dont' regret trying something different. I do wish we would have just gotten the margherita alone instead of adding the fennel sausage. I wasn't a fan of the sausage. I think I would have liked it just normal. Our last pizza, the sonny boy came out a bit burnt. Felt like that was a little unacceptable. We didn't have a wait which was great and while we were there it didn't seem like there was a long way. Just depends on the day and hour. Not sure how often I would come back. Glad that I tried it at least once though. I guess I was thinking of the wood fired pizza we had in Naples, Italy and still hoping for something close to that. It wasn't. And for the price, I'm not totally convinced that it matched, BUT the flavors were positive, ingredients fresh, service very good.
3	I had been waiting to try this pizza for a few years now. I used to live in the Phx area, and had squandered a few opportunities to go. The wait was not a deterrent, since I have waited to try other restaurants in the past. Ignore the fact that I am from Chicago, because that didn't factor into this review. Comparing deep dish pizza to a thinner east coast style of pizza doesn't make much sense. That being said, we got there late afternoon on a Saturday, and we got right in.....to put our name on the list for a 2 hour wait. We took a quick walk across the street to the bar that has more than beer and wine, because i wanted neither. After some minor drinking and an appetizer, and some less than enjoyable conversation from my "new friends", we went back over, 15 minutes short of finally being sat at a table.We sat down, and i received the highlight of my meal. A Bubble Up. For those that don't know, this is pretty much Sprite made from real cane sugar. After I guzzled down my Bubble Up, my Pizza promptly arrived (Margherita with Fennel Sausage and Basil).I looked for the biggest slice, and dug in. Although it was decent, it doesn't warrant the wait, and to say this pizza is nationally ranked is laughable. I would have been just as satisfied at Sbarro's. I would put this behind the likes of Grimaldi's and Grazie. Don't get me wrong, I would eat it again, just call me when you are about to be sat and I'll let you know what I want, that way when I get there my pizza will be ready, because it is far from worth a 2 hour wait.
5	I managed Club Med resorts around the world for 26 years. We moved from Singapore to Phoenix four years ago and found our favorite pizzeria! Mr. Bianco has created pizzas exactly like Napoli, Italy! After managing resorts in Bari, Ortranto & Sicily My wife and I found that the pizzas, salads and breads reminded us of Italy. So nice to see fresh products used on the pies! I know some say the wait is long but dinner is supposed to be like that! Also want to say that the staff was very nice and the pizza chefs have been well trained. Bravo!
5	Yes, this pizza really is as good as it gets! The flavors and the dough are epic. Service is friendly. They serve lunch now, so there is no need to wait in the long dinner lines!
4	Although my pizza was good, I'm not interested in waiting a ridiculously long time to eat here again.
5	Believe the hype. Get a reservation with 7 of your friends and do it. Only downside, you will never look at pizza the same way again.
5	Ok, the five stars is for the margherita pizza- wonderfully fresh and mild mozzarella combined with perfectly flavored sauce (not too much or too little) and fresh basil.  What I loved about this place was how fresh the ingredients were- the mozzarella is house-made every morning, and they were growing herbs outside in the front garden.  This reminded me of my favorite pizzeria (in NY), where they have their own herb garden- this is a must to get the freshest ingredients (which is why I laugh hysterically when I see a Pappa Johns commercial touting fresh ingredients- as if!).I am a devoted brick oven fan- there is no pizza that comes close for me.  The crust is very thin and crispy here, just as it should be.  I would not even try to compare other styles like deep dish.Other things worth noting: I had a slice of the onion pizza, and I didn't like it as much- it had no sauce, rendering it a little dry for my taste.  Also, we dined mi-afternoon to avoid crowds, and I wasn't able to order the anti-pasto, which was very sad (it's only available after 5pm).  I would have loved to have tasted some of that fresh mozzarella straight up.  Our waiter wasn't the best, but I don't really care that much, because I'm in heaven with delicious brick oven pizza.  So, if you appreciate the fine nuances of a good brick oven pizza, definitely check this out.  If you appreciate fresh ingredients and the subtle differences between house made, fresh mozzarella and store bought, check it out.
5	Amazing pizza. Worth the wait - just head over the the wine bar next door to enjoy a glass of fantastic vino from their great list, along with some yummy apps. It's all part of the experience.The White Pizza with arugula is to die for.
5	Everything I've had here is been really good. The issue was always lack of parking and the long waits. But yesterday we arrived at 5pm, found not only parking, but waited less than 10 minutes for a table. So glad they're open for lunch too.
1	OverratedWe went on Sat afternoon. We expected an hour wait and we waited an hour. The server was friendly enough. salad and the pizza. The salad was not worth the money and the pizza was "soggy". I can get over "ok" pizza but...What earned them less than 2 stars? Once we asked for the check, 10min to be brought to the table and over 10min and 2 waves to get them to take the payment. Now I don't mind hanging out, enjoying friends and beer at the end of the meal, but we had no beer and if you have been there, there were dozens of people waiting and watching us just sit and not eat. One couple asked us if we were done eating and why we weren't leaving, we tried to explain about the check but frankly it's not our job. They could have easily turned our table and sat several other couples and saved us from crowd control.
5	The first time we ate here; we waited over four hours. One might think that is nuts but we had a few bottles of wine and bonded with the other waitees. The food was fabulous. Fresh, Fresh, fresh! Love the pizza with the arugula.  Everything about it is right on.Our second time through we went late afternoon and enjoyed it all over again. I am so proud this place is in our city. It inspired us to try the other Bianco eateries, stay tuned for those reviews.
4	4 stars is given because of service.  Flavor was definitely there but my complaint is because of lack of information.  There were 4 of us and we ordered 2 pizzas and needed to go eat again after we left.  The server should have told us that 1 pizza per person is the way to go.  It is a great place but make sure to ask questions.
5	If you have the time to wait for a seat, Pizzeria Bianco is something every pizza lover should experience at least once. The pies are that good.The 43-seat restaurant in Old Town Phoenix is nationally known and the crowds outside prove it. You will need to get there around 2:00 or 2:30 in the afternoon to line up for a seat or you may be left waiting until after 6:30pm for the second seating. Really. If you get there after 3:00pm, forget about being in the first group of patrons.While you wait, Bar Bianco offers drinks and there are a few places to escape the hot Arizona sun. Most people are nice enough to let you back in line if you need to move, so bring a good attitude and make friends with your line-mates. It will help, believe me.The pizza is crafted in a wood-fired oven which, legend has it, was delivered from Italy brick-by-brick and rebuilt on site. The meats offered are gourmet and can be a tad salty. The other toppings and the cheese are also high in quality. The oven creates a wonderfully caramelized crust that the uneducated might call "burned." However, that's their problem...the crust is perfect.I prefer the Sonny Boy, which has Salami and Olives, or the standard Margherita. However, the handful of other pizzas are equally as good. You might want to order two and take what's left home versus finishing and needing to order another pie.If you're there during baseball season, you can walk to Chase Field to catch a Diamondbacks game...and you can park in the garage in between the two locations.
3	I have to agree with my friend and fellow Yelper, Donald S.  I don't get it.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza is good but two-hours-wait good?  I think not.  And it could have been that she was having a bad day, but our service/server was terrible.  Service with a groan.  She couldn't have made us feel more unwelcome had she tried.Now, having said all that, go next door!!!  Bar Bianco is wonderful...cozy and warm, both the place and the service.  I have been here before, and I always have a great experience!
3	I've been waiting to try this place out and finally did. I was forewarned about the wait time and thankfully got the pizza cravings late at night and decided to see what the hype was all about. The place is very snug and packed full of ppl. The pizza we ordered came with fennel sausage, assorted meats ( I forget the name), the taste was fine... NOT worth the hype, and if I had to wait in line for hours on end fah getta bout it! My advice is get a pizza at Oreganos! Now there's a delicious pizza where you're not waiting out the door for.
4	I love pizza by all means! Growing up in Phoenix didn't give me any dull moments at all. Everything here is good and I am so proud of my roots. From family to friends, people come to Pizzaria Bianco, it's the best pizza store in town. Though crowded sometimes, it's only tells that people come back here and forth because of satisfaction.
2	Over-rated! 2 hour wait on a Wednesday. Service sucked.(1 server rolled his eyes on my wife while we ordering) really? After we wait for 2 hours I expext better service and food! Pizza is ok not worth the wait and the hassle.
4	Great pizza with the freshest ingredients and the best ever crust. Still, the hype is too much. There are many gourmet pizza places around town, including the chain Grimaldi's, that are 95% as good, but don't have the wait.
4	I've heard that this is the best pizza in America but I can't say since I haven't had pizza all over. I can say it is some of the best I've ever had though. Small little place with a parking lot. Glad I came here on a Friday afternoon before dinner time. Very small place with maybe 10 tables or so for seating for 4 or less. When I'm in town, I'll definitely come back.
3	This place is a little too hyped for what you pay. If you want to shell out your cash for "pizza forno a legna", go to Pomo Pizzeria. Having traveled to Campania in search of pizza, this little spot in the Borgata serves pies that easily transport you to Napoli, the only thing missing is the palace up on Capodimonte and hints of the Camorra at every corner... On a good note, Pizzeria Bianco serves extremely fresh ingredients and the bar next door is perfect for a pint. Which reminds me that the bar girl on our day was extremely cool and not your typical phony zonie (Arizonan for us Californians).
5	AZ's version of Brooklyn's Motorino or Paulie G's. The biancoverde is my fav and competes with the best of them. Check out the antipasto and caprese (homemade mozzarella) too.
5	During another PHX visit, I took friend here for a romantic dinner out.  As always, Bar Bianco and Pizzeria Bianco didn't disappoint.This time, we did half a Wiseguy and half a Biancoverde.  Why the hell didn't we ever think to do that before?!?  Spectacular combination!!  I'd love to see a pizza smackdown in the middle of Union Square San Francisco, between Tony and Chris.  We would see the 2 best pizzaioli in the USA.  Fo sho!I can't wait until October!!
5	So at the last minute, I was sent on a business trip to Phoenix. I instantly started yelping restaurants so I could be prepared when I arrived. I also planned to meet up with a friend while there. I told him I wanted to try Pizzeria Blanco after reading the reviews and finding out it is rated as the number one pizza place in the US. So we get to the restaurant and it's only an hour and a half wait! Not too bad! We waited at the bar next door, which was great. Before we knew it, we were seated. My friend brought up a good point, there is only so much that can be done with pizza. So true, but still, my expectations were high. From yelp reviews and pictures, I went with the Biancoverde pizza. It was out of control good. I loved the arugula and ricotta cheese, so simple, but so much flavor. the olive oil drizzled on top was just enough to soak into the crust. My friend and I spent the entire time chatting and catching up that we missed a few moments to really savor the food. But that's ok, we had a great time! The entire experience, long wait and everything, is worth the hype.
4	Oh Biancos.  This isn't really a restaurant you can just say "hey, lets go get a quick bite to eat".  This is a commitment of time.  There are other pizza places in Phoenix, with perfectly good food.  Biancos though, it's more of an experience.Expect to spend at least 4 hours here.  1 ish hours waiting to get on the list, and then 2ish hours waiting to get into the restaurant, then an hour of eating.  Why would you want to do that?!  Well, because it's fun.  Make sure you go with a group of people you can have great conversations with.  Go when the weather is fantastic, and make sure you want to have some fun.  I always enjoy waiting in line with a glass of wine from Bar Bianco, which is next door.  You can start your tab over there, and carry it over to the restaurant when you are seated.  After you get on the list, the bar will also keep track of you and inform you when the restaurant is ready for you.Biancos is located in a quiet, great little section of PHX where there is actual grass and trees.  So waiting will be in a park, where you can stand around and chat with friends and strangers.  I always find myself, and my party chatting it up with the other people in line... we all know we are going to be there for a while, so might as well socialize.  The food is always amazing.  I've gone several times and have tried most of the menu.  My one bit of advice, always get fresh basil on your pizza.  It's an extra cost, but makes a world of difference, no matter what pizza you get.  The Margarita pizza is still my favorite of them all, it's perfection.Just go, expect to wait, and try to make the best of it.  It'll be a great time with friends, with wine, pizza, fresh air, and that basil.  :)
4	Ts place is pretty good.  Great crust and thin pizza. Overall, it's not the next pizza I've had but I would recommend it if your willing to wait. The quality of ingredients were pretty good.
5	I'm in Phoenix and staying with a friend for a conference (TPE/NASPA). Never having been to Phoenix before I asked my friend for a few suggestions around the convention center area to have lunch/dinners with old friends and colleagues. He suggested this place and informed me it is ranked #1 in the nation. Being an aspiring foodie and someone who is very judgmental of pizza, these are big shoes to fill. Myself and a good friend went on a Friday around 12:15, I was a little nervous about getting in and out in the needed time, knowing that it was a small place and could have hours of wait time for dinner. Not a problem. We were seated immediately and there were tables to spare. We both ordered coke lights (apparently the Italian version of diet coke) and they came in the adorable classic glass bottles and were very tasty. We asked our server if we could only order one pizza which one he would suggest. He told us the Biancoverde with added prosciutto was the one to get, so we went for it. NO REGRETS. This pizza was tasty. Thin crust and oh so flavorful, the ricotta and cheese were amazing, and the prosciutto was yummy, not overly salty like some can be. It can seem a little pricey, our one pizza was $24 but it fed both of us comfortably. I definitely recommend and passed along the info to a couple friends at the conference as well. I may even end up venturing back before my time comes to an end in Phoenix...only time will tell...
3	Pizzeria Bianco is overrated. The quality of Bianco's pizza did not justify our investment of time. If I wait 3 hours for food, it should be amazing. Bianco's pizza wasn't. Bianco makes a competent, if not extraordinary, Neapolitan pizza. Bianco's pizza was fine but hardly the best pizza in the US. I have eaten pizza all over the US and throughout Italy, so I have a basis for comparison. Honestly, I don't even see how Bianco gets into the conversation. As an example, it was no better than the pizza at Ciao Napoli in Chicago or Tutta Bella in Seattle (and I didn't wait anywhere close to 3 hours at either of those places).I would only return if there was no line (i.e., I won't be back).
5	This is definitely one of the best "very italian" wood-fired oven pizzas I have ever had. You can smell, taste and see the quality of the ingredients in this place. This place can be very busy, I went about an hour before close on a Wednesday or Tuesday and still had to wait 15 or so minutes for a spot at the bar. Not an issue since they take you next door to their other bar and give them a call when your place is ready.The restaurant itself is pretty cozy and they do not have a bunch of tables which leads to a fairly intimate experience. The menu here is pretty small. I ended up getting a wise guys pizza which has sausage with fennel , onions and cheese and no sauce. I normally do not care for white pizza but this one was superb. To drink they mainly have wine and I believe 1 beer as well as coffee , etc. The dessert menu is equally small with just one item. That item is a biscotti and it is tasteeee. Check this place out for sure but I'd advise going on a less busy night.
5	Waited 2.5 hours for pizza on a Friday.  The cheese plate and antipasto were good, as was the biancoverde.  BUT, the Sonny Boy was among the best pizzas I've ever had.  Was it worth 2.5 hours.....no, but I'd go back on a weekday.
5	The hype was worth it. I've been coming to Phoenix for 10 years and always wanted to go but didn't want to have to wait. Finally my family decided to take the plunge and it was worth it. My biggest fear was that the pizza was hyped because most people traditionally do not have pizza cooked in a wood burning oven.  After waiting for an hour and half I was beginning to think that the hype was bigger than the restaurant itself. Wow, was I wrong. I had the Sonny Boy pizza with fresh cured salami and olives. The flavor was incredible. Mix it with the flavor of the crust and it was like a party in my mouth. My family had the margherita pizza and the sauce was simply spectacular. Best sauce ever!  Alton Brown once said that great pizza comes from the crust and Chris Bianco's recipe proves it. The flavor of the burning oak is easily imparted to it. Even though Chris is no longer handling day to day cooking chores I'm glad to see that his recipes are still being cooked the way he expects them to.
4	I really enjoyed PB. We were fortunate to be there on a mild spring day, a slower day, chose to eat around three (between busier times of lunch and dinner), and brought cards to play while we waited. Waiting was a pleasure. What a surprise, though, I think not typical. After having eaten there, and enjoyed it (my fav was the Sonny Boy, even though I don't care for those olives) I'd have to say I wouldn't rush to go back for a longer (or hotter!) wait at peak times. I would go back off peak with just me and the hubs, as I'm not sure everyone in our group of 14 was as enthusiastic. The hostess was fabulous and sweet, our server, while adequate, could've worked on his interpersonal skills. Take a cue from the hostess, dude. The complimentary house bread and olive oil was very good. I didn't get to try the Rosa, maybe next time, but we did sample the Speidini appetizer (try splitting that 12 ways! Haha No, don't, it ends up being just a bite) which everyone seemed to enjoy. Come on, it's meat and cheese on a stick in a wood-fired brick oven. Can't lose. :)I went with infinite patience and entertainment simply to enjoy the experience of it. Was it the best ever? Maybe not. But it was damn good, unique Italian interpretations, heads and shoulders above what passes for most pizza these days.
3	Service was good and my parents and I came on a weekday mid-afternoon so we were seated right away. If we had to wait, I would say it wouldn't be worth it. Coming from San Francisco where there are a lot of good pizza places, I thought that the pizza was good but I wasn't impressed. I think I had extremely high expectations after hearing that Oprah and Martha Stewart love the pizza here... Got the local green salad and the Wise Guy and Sonny Boy pizzas, the Sonny Boy was a tad too salty.
5	I wouldn't even bother trying to go for dinner.  It is all about lunch here.  I've tried every pizza and love them all.  There is a special place in my heart for the wiseguy and the margherita plus proscuitto.  YUMMY!  Their bread is insane.  I could do with a better drink selection, but that is a minor quibble.
5	Wow! This place lives up to its reputation. And I can honestly say it has one of the best if not best dough and crust that I have ever had. Plus the ingredients just taste fresh. Most of the pizzas you order here will not have more than 3-4 toppings, so it is simplistic. But these are some very very delicious simplistic pizzas. My friends and I had the mozzarella and tomatoes then ordered the Margherita, Biancoverde, and the one with sausage (can't remember the name of this pizza). Every single one of the pizzas had the right amount of cheese and the combination was thoroughly entertaining my palate. Here's a tip: If you come for dinner here you will probably wait for over 1-2hours. But they are now open for lunch which means you can get there at 11 and get a seat right away!
4	Great pizzas but doesn't seem to be consistent. Either way, I'm glad my boss took me here.Pros:-Love the pizzas here. Crust and all. There is definite magic going on in their brick oven.-Caprese salad is delish.-Get the one with sausage. It's the bestCons:-$2 charge for parmesan. Really?-Long wait during lunch crunch and dinner.-Pizzas are amazing when great, and just good at other times. Not sure why there is a lack of consistency. Might be time of pie in oven.-Don't get the pizza with the onions. Not tasty.-Difficult parking. Valet only in their private lot, so look for street parking if available.Verdict:-Only get the pizza with sausage and go during off peak times. Will come back everytime I'm in Phoenix for work.
3	Initially when I wrote on my fb status "Hey I'm traveling to Phoenix, Arizona, do you guys have any restaurant recommendations" the general consensus from everyone is to go to Pizzeria Bianco. I looked it up and saw all the rave reviews about this place and the warning to new customers that you will expect to wait at least an hour or 2 to get a table in this place. BUT, if everybody's mama and mama's mama is raving about this place, I have to go right?! The waitress took down our names and gave us a buzzer letting us know it will be about a 1 1/2 hour wait. Okay.. no surprise.. we expect that we will be waiting a long time. So we walk next door to their bar area which looks like it used to be a house and snag a seat outside in the patio. You can grab a drink or two while waiting for a table. Finally the buzzer goes off, "SWEET.. now we could eat!" We immediately know what to order. The Mozzarella is supposed to be handmade was delish.. very fresh and goes naturally well with the sweet steak tomatoe and olive oil. Our pizzas finally arrive which we ordered the mozzarella with sausage and basil pizza. Pizza dough was chewey and not too thick or thin. It kind of reminds me of LA's Urbano Pizza or a lot of these fancy gourmet pizzeria places but if you ask me if it is worth 2+ hours of wait time to get fancy pizza? UMmm.. probably not. I think I would go at least once if you are new to Phoenix and you want to just go for the experience. But I definitely think Mother Dough in Los Angeles, California is way better... minus the crazy wait time.. . Come to LA, and you will know what I am talking about. =)*FYI: Place is about a few blocks, walking distance from the Phoenix Convention Center.
5	We had the margherita, the pistachio one and the arugula one. All very good. The pistachio and margherita are my favs. Will go here again. Only waited 15 minutes for a table on a Saturday for lunch around noon time. Their bathrooms need some cleaning up.
3	So much has been written about Pizzeria Bianco that we had to give it a try, regardless of wait time. Fortunately, we decided to go there during an off hour, around 3:30 pm on a Saturday. The wait we were told was still an hour. We killed time next door at Bar Bianco but then I wondered why wouldn't they use this space to serve more patrons? Anyways, the wait ended up to be a quick 30 minutes. The Wiseguy was what was recommended so I had that (fennel sausage, mozzarella, and onions) and added mushrooms to it. We also ordered the Margherita for the table. Overall, the menu is pretty short and simple. Pizzas came out pretty quickly. The combination of flavors on the Wiseguy was good, but it seemed a bit too oily. The Margherita was a bit more traditional and was good. Staff was friendly and the ambiance was nice. I liked the waiting area Bar Bianco next door. It was like you were sitting in someone's home. The restaurant itself is small. If you have a large group, good luck.So was all this worth the wait? Ummm, not sure 'bout that.
3	Best gourmet pizza in Phoenix. The wait time may change your mind. If you really want face melting pizza travel to Chicago, Boston, New York. Even Salt Lake City. However, if in Phoenix/Scottsdale area, try it when it's not busy. Good luck
5	This place does not live up to its hype; it exceeds it.You will never look at pizza the same way again. Trust the artistry.One word; Rosa.
1	I know this place is overrated crap. I have tried 3 times to eat here but just cannot wait that long for a fucking pizza. I seriously doubt it is worth the wait. Even when it was DEAD, it was still 45 min. FUCK YOU! I have had great pizza in my life, in NY, SF, CHICAGO, LA and San Diego. Hell there is even good pizza in Phx. Why this place gets all the love is beyond me. The staff is snotty too. I have no desire to eat here, ever! The pizza looked OK while I was waiting. But Pizza is simple, if you know what your doing you can make as good or better than this joint....hint: Grazie's !!! No wait. FUCK this joint. they can suck it. I refuse to be a loser waiting 1,2-4 hours for a fucking pizza! Just stupid!!!
5	My favorite pizza ever. it DOES live up to its hype! people are always complaining about the wait, the wait isn't even that long anymore. the longest I have waited since they started opening for lunch is 45 minutes. dont like it? Im sure there is a dominos near there where you can enjoy your cardboard pizza in 10 minutes. I have waited for 4 hours prior to them opening up for lunch and it was worth EVERY minute. O have had guests from Italy taste Biancos pizza and they loved it. The margherita and Rosa are amazing. The staff is great. For being as busy as they are, they are very helpful.I highly recommend Pizzeria Biancos!p.s. dont compare this place to Cibo, Cibo is great but its not Biancos, however, it is a great alternative choice.
4	Sweet sweet pizzeria Bianco. This is by far one of the best restaurants in phoenix, and my favorite. The atmosphere is definitely what makes this place so great, and the staff is always friendly and accommodating. I recommend the margherita pizza with procuitto added, the arugula that's placed on top gives the pizza a great contrast/different taste thats excellent. We also had another pizza (the last one listed in the pizza section on the menu) that was equally as good. The only reason i gave the review 4 stars is because of the wait. Everytime I've been here there has been at least a 2hr wait. They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more, so you have to show, get your name on the list, and wait. Bar Bianco (an old house right next door that's been converted into a bar) definitely makes this wait go by faster, and has an equally great atmosphere as well. You can order some small appetizers there, choose something from the beer and wine list (try the dos cabezas if you like reds) and they will come and get you when your table is ready. The food is definitely worth the wait tho, I have never been disappointed and will definitely be back.
5	Wow. This is the best pizza I've ever eaten in my life. It's funny, I was born and lived in New York, got to live in Chicago, and both cities take a lot of pride in their pizza, and as a result, I did become jaded and developed the false idea that good pizza only comes from these cities. New Yorkers like to say it's in the water. I doubt that. What I love about Pizzeria Bianco is that it lives up to the hype and maintains its modesty. The place is modest. The staff works hard. No gloating. So yeah, prepare to wait. Or go off peak, say before 11:30 AM for lunch. The margherita pizza is the litmus test for me. The dough is instantly superior to any other pizza place. That makes a huge difference. Take that, the perfect cooking of the crust (the right texture, char, crispy, chewy, sweet, and salty) and add supremely simple but fresh ingredients, and there you have it. Perfection. Enjoy. These are not large pies. Order one for yourself, otherwise you may regret not having ordered enough. With every single bite, from the first to the list, I kept thinking to myself, "Should I order a second pizza?" I made the pilgrimage. Go check it out for yourself!
4	Lured by the hopes of experiencing pizza nirvana, we went to Pizzeria Bianco for dinner.  I had some margherita pizza ($13) and biancoverde ($16).  The margherita pizza was made with fresh ingredients, but it just tasted OK, nothing too special (Good crust though).  I was more intrigued by the biancoverde pizza.  The creamy ricotta and mozzarella meshed well with the more piquant taste of the parmigiano-reggiano and the almost nutty, crispy taste of the arugula.  The pizza was somewhat oily in the center and slightly soggy in the middle though, but that didn't detract me too much from liking the biancoverde.  We were a large party of 8, and service was OK.  Minus some points for not getting a sugar basket for our iced teas despite asking for one (I like them sweet!).  The iced teas themselves ($3, free refills) while nice in that they were organic, really didn't have too much taste to me.  It was so mild I thought I was drinking colored water.  They offer Mexican Coke in glass bottles ($2.50), which is a nice touch for those that want real sugar in their regular Coke.Is this pizza I would wait 3 hours for?  Not really, but if I came on an off day or a less busy hour I would be willing to try some more pizzas from them.
4	Ok people, I must say that I have been very hesitant to hit this spot up because of all the hype.  That being said, I found myself pleasantly surprised.Cute little place, with friendly staff. Thankfully we  didn't have to wait very long (plus!) and the food came out pretty quickly (double plus).  I ordered a mixed local greens salad (literally just mixed greens and vinaigrette) and my friends ordered something similar to mine, but it had skewered salami/cheese on top.  All three of us were happy with our starter, and then came the pizzas.I ordered The Marinara (marinara and garlic no cheese) and added organic roasted mushrooms for three bucks.  It was quite tasty and I ended up eating the ENTIRE pizza.  Don't judge me, I was hungry.  My one friend ordered the pizza with pistachios and onion and I can't remember what friend number two ordered (oops), but they were both pleased as punch with their pies.All in all, it was a nice dining experience.  The food was good, but I don't think I would wait multiple hours to enjoy a slice.  However, if the wait isn't crazy, I'll hit this cozy little spot up again, for sure!
5	I have been coming to Pizzeria Bianco for 8 years and I have never been impressed.  It is very quaint and rustic with the exposed brick walls, the service is great and many of the staff have been there all 8 years I have been going there and the food is really quite incredible.  We enjoyed the spiedini...they seriously melt in your mouth and two pizzas - yummy!  Their wine selection is nice and reasonably priced too!
1	Pizza, good not great.  Staff incredibly rude if you want a leisurely paced meal.  We ordered over a hundred dollars of food and drink (4 adults) but as soon as our pizzas were done the staff stopped refilling the ice teas and did not ask if we wanted a second round of beer & wine.  Instead they started pulling everything off the table, including the sugar!  It's all about turning over the table.  At least give people an hour at the table!
5	There're times when you eat something and you want more. Then there are times when you eat something and you instantly know you will never have anything quite like it. For me, I experienced both of those at Pizzeria Bianco. My buddy and I drove almost 500 miles from Santa Barbara for a Giants-Diamondbacks game and thought we'd try this place I had heard about. We arrived fairly late so there was about a one hour wait but man, was it worth it. We ordered a Biancoverde and a Wiseguy. I was a bit skeptical at first because they each didn't have tomato sauce like I was used to, but I realized I dont care much for tomato sauce in the first place and I'm always up for trying new things. BEST DECISION OF THE DAY. The Biancoverde was my favorite. It was so simple (3 cheeses, arugula, and olive oil) yet so amazing. It has left me wanting more to this day. The staff was nice and friendly, not to mention a few cuties. I will definitely drive 500 miles for it again. In fact, I'll be making my way to Phoenix in a few weeks, JUST for the pizza!
4	I'll keep this short and sweet.Snobby waiters/waitressesRidiculous wait timesDelicious PizzaService is an important part of a dining experience but it's not everything, hence why they only lose 1 star from me. There's not a whole lot they can do about the wait times. This place is extremely popular and it's not a very big dining space. You can expect to wait 3+ hours if you go on a busy Friday or Saturday night. You can pass the time waiting over at their adjoining bar bianco, or across the way at The Rose & Crown. If you're just wanting to try their pizza and not really looking for the whole Bianco experience, you can call in your order and pick it up. This is something I've done a number of times and the pizza is just as good to go as it is served directly to your table.Parking can be a pain though. They only offer valet parking and the lot isn't very big. I would recommend parking in the Heritage Square parking garage on Monroe. If you're heading south on 7th street, turn right on Monroe and go about a block and park in the structure there. Don't forget your parking ticket so you can get it validated, though if you're waiting more than 3+ hours for a table you will exceed the validation stamp.  Sometimes you can find metered parking on the street on Monroe. If it's after 6 or 7pm, I believe the parking is free.
3	Decent but overrated. Had 5 pies, most were too salty, was tired of them after 3 bites of each.  All this after a 4 hour wait.  Crust was decent, but similarly styled Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles is better.
2	Pizza is good, but not worth the wait.  Pies are also small and expensive.
2	Abridged: I'm gonna be real with you. I am not in love with Pizzeria Bianco, and had I actually had to wait in line, this rating would probably be lower. My group was lucky enough to receive the last table without any wait.Maybe it was the fact that it's hard to impress me with pizza. Maybe it was a fluke that won't happen again. At least that's what everyone keeps telling me. But honestly, I just wasn't that impressed with the $19 pizza I received. Sadly, the leftovers I took home ended up being tossed because I was afraid to try it again. I've been worried about writing this for awhile (it's been sitting here unfinished for nearly a year), but in the end, my opinions haven't changed, and I sit here, still scared to return. If someone dragged me there again, or had a party there or something, I'd probably give it another shot, as I hate to write off any place after a single trip, but I honestly felt just eh about the whole thing. Thankfully none of my visiting out of town guests have cried for me to take them there.
1	Great pizza but the service's main goal seems to be to get you out of the restaurant as soon as possible. Definitely did not feel welcome.
5	The best pizza period.  I have been going there for years, and for the current reviews from folks going there now (since they started opeing for lunch) and complaining about waiting...you have no idea.  I have waited for a table for three hours there before, and never regretted it.  What's to complain about?  There is an excellent wine bar next door!  If you want to grab a quick pizza then go to some of the "other" pizza factories.  If you want a good, handmade brick oven pizza, look no further.I have never had a bad experience with wait staff, service, etc. If I could give this place 10 stars I would.Go there.
3	We got the Wiseguy with Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, and Fennel Sausage.  I was very underwhelmed.  The pizza was really greasy and just not all that great-tasting.  Also the crust was burnt in several places, making it taste even worse.
4	Very good service! Each person working there helped out at our table (and there were only two of us)! We ordered the prosciutto starter and the margarita pizza with mushrooms. The starter was pretty good, but the pizza and mushrooms were excellent! We got our food very fast, and we were seated right away as well. Really like the set up of the place and the building. Quaint but very cool!If you park in the Heritage garage, they will validate your pass, and your parking is then free for the first hour.
2	First time going here tonight and have to say it was good but have had much better. Seen on the food network to get the Rosa and it was OK but not as good as they made it sound. Also tried the Margarita was also OK good sauce but nothingi mpressive. If you want great pizza go to Spinatos its absolutely the best. Also the sizes. Are small so if your hungry get two. All in all its good but you'll have to wait 2 hours for pizza that tastes a lot like the restaurant Sauce.
5	Oh my goodness. Perfectly crispy crust, fresh ingredients and a well thought-out menu. We shared the Wiseguy (fennel sausage, smoked mozzarella and wood-roasted onion) and Marinara pizzas (your basic basil, delicious delicious tomato, oregano and garlic, roasted to a potato-y perfection) and were able to finish all but one piece. Service was fantastic at the bar and my water was refilled every two minutes.I also appreciate how all soda comes in bottles (Coke, Diet Coke, Bubble Up). Oh, Arizona... so lucky to have this treasure.By the way, the Heritage Garage is an incredible deal - they'll validate your first hour, and then even then just $8 for 4 hours plus parking, garage open all night, and just blocks away from the stadiums. Whew. Coming from LA, this was a dream.
2	UnderwhelmedPlain and boring interior, Snooty waiters at the bar and pizzeria, staff is short and slightly rude. Pizza is good but not the best, definitely not worth waiting hours for. Overall lack luster. Will I be back? Probably not. Will I recommend to friends and out of town guests? Probably not. I can go to La Piazza Al Forno in Glendale for brick oven pizza that is much better, less wait time,  more options on their menu and genuine friendly service.
4	Okay so this is a good pizza but not the best. I love the ambiance of this place brings, reminding me of a typical portland OR eatery. Love the friendly customer service we got and the beer served on draft was good (sunbru). The pizza itself is a wood fire burned style reminiscent of Italian pizza. The brucheta was good and the ingredients seems of good choice. One pizza can be eaten by a hungry brat and even a normal sized girl. Best way to eat is order different pizzas ( sonny boy is my fav) and drink beer or wine with friends and comrades.
5	Well we finally got in. About seven attempts and five years later we finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco. I think the only reason we got in is because they are now open for lunch. We were attending a matinee at the symphony and arrived 1.5 hours before and went to the restaurant, there was already a 45 minute wait. We put our names in and didn't get called before we had to leave to see the performance. We got out of the performance at 3:45 and decided to hustle back to Bianco and see if we could possibly get in before the dinner rush. We spoke to the hostess and she fit us in! Yay! The menu is minimal about five different pizzas, appetizers and salads. As we looked at the menu we decided to order everything we were curious about as we didn't know when we would ever make it back. So we ordered the Antipasto - wood fired veggies with big blocks of cheese, bright green olives and sopressata, served with bread and the most flavorful olive oil. The perfectly roasted veggies included sweet onion, red peppers and sweet potatoes it was wonderful! We also ordered three pizzas (for two adults and two kids - oh my) the margherita, wise guy and sonny boy. The pizzas were good. We enjoyed the pizzas with Peroni which is a perfect pairing. My favorite was the wise guy. Wood roasted onions and fennel sausage - just incredible. Everything was cooked perfectly. Our tab for three pizzas, antipasto, beers, and sodas came to $92. Pricey lunch but we ordered too much. I think I felt slightly stressed during the meal as the service was speedy and I felt a bit rushed. Maybe it was my Catholic guilt rising up feeling like we bumped someone else from getting in earlier. It was a lovely meal, lovely building, but it was not relaxing. We took home an entire pie - a mixture of the three. Stuck it in the fridge and can you believe it actually tasted better the next day?? We warmed it in the oven and it was so delicious! I'm so happy we finally ate there - cross that one off my list. I don't feel compelled to drive all the way into Phoenix and wait in line for hours any time soon but I would do it again. Probably when I have guests from out of town and someone else is driving so I can enjoy lots of red wine while I wait.I'm torn between 4-5 stars but I'm feeling generous.
3	Didn't really see what all the hype is about. Took the bf here for his bday and the pizza was good but not OMG good. I love going all out with the bill and make sure I rack up a high tab for special occassions but I felt like I got ripped off, I just had REALLY high expectations. Wasn't by any means horrible, but it wasn't the BEST in Phoenix in my opinion. Parking was difficult and we ended up sitting at the bar. The service was great and the staff was helpful but I'd much rather have La Bocca on mill ave in my opinion- not a crazy wait, pizza's better and cheaper.
4	My man and I wanted to try this place and decided it was the perfect spot for a small celebration. We arrived on a Monday evening at right about 6pm and there was a 30 minute wait  for a table or the bar was completely open besides two other people sitting there. We were hungry so we took the bar! The seats were comfortable and we never felt like we were in the way of other customers or staff like you do at almost any other restaurant where you take a bar seat. Plus, I was sitting up high enough at the end of the bar to see into the wood burning stove where the pizzas cook. Rad. Our service was killer. Super polite, friendly, yet real. What my man likes to call "service with a smile." It was that! They would refill our wine or beer for us and supply more napkins. Because we are messy you see. The bread and olive oil they bring out to you as a starter is so delicious. I need to find out what type of olive oil that is! We then ordered the mozzarella, tomato, basil, and olive oil salad and the Margarita pizza and added mushrooms. The mushrooms added so much flavor to an already delicious pizza.I'm excited to try this place again! From what I hear, wait times can be brutal so it looks like we lucked out.
5	Let's keep this review simple.This place is amazing! It is not life altering, as everybody expects it to be, but it is the best pizza I have ever tasted.Yes, I do think it's ridiculous having to wait 2 hours for a table, but that doesn't deter my opinion of the pizza here. Everything is prepared and mixed so well. My favorites are the Margherita (I get it w/ sausage) & Sonny Boy.Love the atmosphere of the small brick building.
5	Wow! Food was great! But the service was even better!!! We got there early so we didn't have to wait a long time.  Their computer system was down, so instead of asking for cash or taking our card numbers, they comped out lunch. So impressed with this place! And such a cool vibe!
4	I am the 697th review for Pizzeria Bianco, so what on earth can I add that hasn't already been said? Well, most of the reviews say that the wait is several hours long, which used to be true. In fact, several years ago, I actually waited for about an hour and a half. However, just recently, we walked through Heritage Square on the way to the ballpark. It was 6:30 PM on a Friday night and there was no way we ever would have imagined there would be room for us to dine. However, when we walked by, we noticed two spots at the bar. Could it be? We walked inside and yes, it was actually true! There were two seats at the bar just waiting for us. We couldn't have planned it if we tried, yet there we were sitting down on a Friday night at Pizzeria Bianco without a wait. I think this happened because Pizzeria Bianco has been open for lunch for awhile now and there isn't the excitement of waiting in line for them to open the doors at 5:30 PM. Whatever the case is, I think it's important to note that you might not have to wait for the two hours anymore...I think it all depends on the night. Food wise, I will second what so many of these reviews say. I really, really like the pizza here and the Margarita pizza is a number one best seller for a reason. It has this buttery taste of perfection with every simple bite. The salad was so fresh I thought something was off, until I realized that I just hadn't ever had such fresh lettuce before! I wouldn't wait for two hours to eat here, but if there's room to sit without a wait, then I will definitely eat here again in the future.
5	My favorite pizza place in Phoenix, and maybe anywhere.  I've been here several times and never been disappointed.  Plus, they offer a free economics lesson on handling high demand and low supply.  You can either raise the price, or ration the goods.  Prices are reasonable here, but you have to wait.  But the waiting can be pleasant at the bar next door, with a comfortable seat on the porch, a glass of wine and some olives to nibble on.  Really, this is all about the pizza, and primarily about the crust, thin, charred, with just a little chew.
5	Well worth the long wait. Great thin crust pizzas with a great assortment of toppings. Likely the best pizza you will ever try. I have tried almost every pizza on the menu have yet to be disappointed. The Wiseguy is delicious.
4	I ate hear for a business meeting and the pizza was really good. We ordered the margarita pizza and it was very tasty. The location is small and there isn't much room, but the overall experience was good.
4	I'm glad that they are now open for lunch so I could finally try it.  I wouldn't stand in line for hours for this pizza, but it's definitely good.  The brick oven crust is excellent-we had 3 different ones and the menu only offers like 7 choices, but all 3 were excellent.
4	What's there left to say when a place has more than 700 reviews?? I'll be quite frank: it was on my must-do list before I left Phoenix and moved abroad, so I called up some willing participants and planned an early weeknight dinner (630ish) to curtail the wait.We put in our name and bee-lined for Bar Bianco (see my review). Waited just about an hour, if not less (it was June, after all, not exactly Phoenix's popular season). The pizza was good. Really good, in fact. And everyone was very happy with their pizzas and the service. Now for the frank part. I've been gone a year now and have a long list of restaurants I MUST eat at the next time I come home for a visit. Bianco's isn't on it. Cibo is. That is all.
5	Is it really worth the wait? Well, for us the answer is a complete yes to around 40 minutes in June on random weekday but to hear people say they have waited four or five hours for a table is a concept I do not think I could understand under any circumstance.The menu is simple and outside of some small before choices do not expect anything other than pizza. The pizza, however, is indeed what the place is all about and for me I had to try the Wiseguy - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage for my first visit and I think it would be hard to imagine going for anything else.Before the pizza the Handmade Mozzarella, Local Tomato and Basil with Extra Virgin Olive Oil was simply stunning and if the food alone was not good enough the service is a definite match to the gastronomic sensation. In particular the person (manager?) that hovered around both here and next door at the bar making sure everything was moving smoothly was amazing.Okay, I am hungry now, but sad that I am now too far away from here for an immediate return visit!
5	I absolutely love this place. They have the best pizza in the phoenix area and though you are almost guaranteed a 30-45 min wait on a slow night it is completely worth it and they also have a great wine bar next door to help you pass your time waiting.
5	A lot of people mentioned the wait here, but I went during lunch and there was none at all. Their bread was not very good, but luckily, my appetizer came quickly. Handmade Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil, and olive oil... delicious! I haven't had mozzarella that good in... well... ever. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.I ordered 2 different pizzas because I wanted to try a variety: the margherita and the wise guy. The crust is soooooooooooooooo good. It's thin and crispy so it adds the perfect texture without taking anything away from the actual taste of the pizza. I could eat the margherita every single day. The wise guy, on the other hand, was rather bland. I took it to go so that I could add some spice to it when I got home. Figured it would be pretty insulting to them and embarrassing for me to ask if they had Tabasco or Sriracha sauce, haha. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw?select=O45QSGlfaSoSq3RlJFBwiw#NkTxsHmspfEVP7LX9brMDgNot sure if I'll drive from LA just to eat here again, but I will definitely be looking for an excuse to head in this direction.
5	I have been trying to get here for years and we finally made it!!! They hype is absolutely true.  It is fantastic pizza.   My tip is go when it opens on a weekday so you don't have to wait.  I know i wouldn't want to wait in the hot summer heat.  The next time i am back in town, i'll be there, at 11 am :)
4	Bianco makes good pizza and with the help of good friends, the outside atmosphere downtown and some good wine from Bar Bianco the wait is bearable.
5	Absolutely loved the restaurant.  Great food, great time and the wait wasn't that long.  As soon as they took our name, we were ushered next door to quaint old house called Bar Bianco for drinks and appetizers.  We ordered drinks, but our table next door was ready so went back to the Pizzeria Bianco for dinner.  Service and food were great!
3	I have to say, I don't really get the hype.The small restaurant, with about 12 tables crammed inside one room serves up a variety of pizzas, as well as salads and  a couple appetizers. The antipasto plate ($13) was fine, with a couple pieces of cheese, olives, peppers, a frittata and salami, but it wasn't any better than what I've had at my current favorite downtown Phoenix pizza place, Cibo.In fact, Cibo beat Bianco in pizza quality (Cibo doesn't burn the edges) and in wait time. My party of four waited more than an hour for a table at Bianco's, and I don't think I've ever waited more than 30 minutes at Cibo on a busy Friday or Saturday night.I ordered a margherita pizza topped with olives ($15), and I did enjoy the thin, soft middle of the pizza. It was similar in taste and portion size to Cibo but had that not-so-appetizing burnt crust.The atmosphere at Bianco's was bare bones, and it was way too loud in the place to be considered romantic. Cibo, on the other hand, offers a gorgeous patio and a quieter setting.I liked that Pizzeria Bianco was in the historic downtown area and was close to several bars, including the Rose and Crown Pub (628 E. Adams St.), but in the future I'll stick with Cibo for a quality pizza fix.
2	Food was great....service without a smile :( If you do go I hope  Meghann is in a better mood. Or even better sit at the bar where smiles galore are :) We also had a wonderful man help at our table and he had the exact opposite attitude and apologized greatly for Grumps McGee. On service alone it brought the food and potential great atmosphere soaring down the gutterPizza, ...thin crunchie crust and great toppings!!!(5*) MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil ***added Creminelli Sopressata(5*) WISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage(0*) Meghann's attitude
4	After visiting the Phoenix Science Center, we stopped by the Pizzeria Bianco, which is just about 200 meters right of the Science Center. The place is a little small, but the food makes up for it.I got a pizza with mushroom and cheese, which was simple, yet tasted super good and amazing. The prices are a little high, due to the fact that the pizza is about $15 and if you want to add a topping, it's about $3 per topping, which is a little much in my opinion.
5	I signed up for Yelp because of this place!  It is A-MAZING!!!!!!!! I judge every pizzeria by their Margherita Pizza and they passed with flying colors! My husband was born and raised in the South of Italy so I have become a major pizza snob and this place made me want to order a second.  If my hubby would have been there, he would have ate 3 because they are soooo good!  I also tried the white pizza with pistachios but I am a tomato sauce girl.  Order the margherita:) Buonissimo! and worth the wait....be prepared to wait.PS:  I'm actually already planning my trip back to AZ just for the pizza.  I'm serious. lol.
4	Don't get me wrong the food is absolutely delicious but anything I have to wait over 2 hours for, with a reservation, needs to be far more impressive.
4	Their pizza was good but not THAT amazing. I have had better pizza. I like to go for the experience and hanging out with friends. I got their margherita pizza and it was average. I liked their wine selection though.
3	It's good.  Yes, that is what you need to know.Is it worth a 2 hour wait?  No, it's not.  If you get here and are standing in line because it's supposed to be this totally awesome pizza, just go somewhere else.  Come back on a lazy afternoon or something when the wait isn't insane.  It's good pizza, and you should try it, but it's not worth the wait.  If you're determined, go for it.  But I wouldn't.
4	The pizza was pretty good, the dough and mozzarella are made fresh.  They use many high quality ingredients.  It's a journey, not a destination.  However, you can probably make equivalent pizza at home.Watch out, people line up 3 hours in advance to get a table!  There's a reason that the bar in the house next door is open for business before the restaurant is.  If you're in line 3 houses down the sidewalk, you have a good chance of waiting 2 additional hours to eat.
5	I have never given a pizza place five stars.  My lovely bride met up with Tim and Sarah and their two teenagers at Pizza Bianco on a Thursday night.  A table for six required a 45-minute wait in Bar Bianco.  It was well worth it.  Given there were six of us, we ordered five pies:  Margherita, Rosa, Sonny Boy, Biancoverde, and Wise Guy.  Okay, I hate to admit it, but they were the best pizzas we've ever had, bar none.  I recommend the Rosa and my wife likes the Wise Guy.  This place is stellar.
2	Pizzeria Bianco in my opinion is a classic living lesson in social psychology.The sum of the elements in this restaurant (most average at best) have combined to create a reputation that far exceeds the actual product.  The menu is quite limited, even more so for lunch.  Your choices are pizza or a salad.  But be warned, the salad (at least during lunch) is simply a pile of chopped romaine lettuce with red onions.  Ah, but the pizza...  Is it a New York style, maybe a touch of Chicago style?  Big beautiful slices of pizza loaded with fresh toppings?  Not quite.  Picture Martha Stewart on a diet tasked with making a pizza only with the ingredients from her back yard.  Sure, you get this nice looking crust made right before your eyes, then a very modest sprinkinling of toppings and any sauce.  Very modest.  Essentially for $16.00 you get pizza crust with some "wood roasted onion", a few slivers of fennel sausage, and a hint of mozarella....just a hint mind you.  No sauce, nothing else.  The crust is fine, average, much better crust at Upper Crust or Grimaldis.  The toppings are sparce, is it how he prepares the "wood roasted onion?"  Why do people line up for hours for this?  Much has to do with people wanting to seem more cultured or sophisticated than they really are and Chris Bianco has really catered to this.  Small restaurant with maybe 10 tables at best, no reservations...this creates lines and people tend to believe where a line ends is "the" place to be.  Must make the menu seem to appeal to the sophisticated pallet...check.  Small servings at a high price...check.  Parade around the kitchen so your customers can shower you with praise for making such incredible wood roasted onions.....check.  If you find yourself in the mood to eat a big piece of over priced pizza crust with a few items from Martha Stewart's garden tossed on there, you may want to give this place a shot.  The lines are wonderful there and just being seen at this establishment will make you more hip.  Or you can save your money and time, go to the store, get a boboli crust and throw on an onion, rosemary, and pine nuts.  Voila, you have a Bianco pizza.  Add a side salad, go buy the bagged romaine and dump it on the plate, boom, Bianco salad!  Impress your neighbors with your level of sophistication when you tell them its Bianco.  Will be trying his new "Italian Restaurant" next, will offer a full report after.
4	OK, after all the buzz of this place, I finally made my way in there. Let's be honest, back in the day there was a 3 hour waiting line. I only would wait for 3 hours in the ER if I'm bleeding more than half gallon per hour, but never for food and furthermore never for pizza.So now that things have settled a little bit, it was my time to visit the place. In my crew there were 4 kids although the place is far from kid friendly, and so is the service. Anyhow, let's cut to the chase.The menu, although small, has a good selection. The antipasto was good with one meat, one cheese, some cauliflower, red pepper, olives and a couple of other things. It was good and a nice portion.I also had the caprese salad but I really missed some balsamic vinegar. The EVOO was tasteful but some balsamic is a must (in my opinion).I also had the rosa pizza. The parmesano raggiano flavor dominates in a super pleasent way. I would recommend people to share because the whole thing (with the same flavor) is a little too much. Don't take me wrong, I loved this pizza but maybe would like to taste something else as well.They don't have deserts besides a biscotte that was good and I had a double capuccino  that was good as well.One thing I didn't like is that they don't have lemonade. WTH? I was craving an Arnold Palmer to fight the heat back but had to settle with an ice tea.Anyways, great food, the place worth it if you don't have to wait, nice ambiance and the neighborhood is nice for a walk after the feast.I might go back some day soon to try other pizzas.
5	We've been dying to visit this place for years! Why did we wait for so long??? On countless occasions, we've heard nightmare stories of waiting in line for three hours or more to be seated for dinner.  People seem to rave about the authentic and delicious Italian style pizza. We had to have a two hour lunch break on a weekday.  We took a gamble to see if we would be able to be seated within a reasonable amount of time and finally check this place off our list. To our surprise we were seated within 30 minutes and had our food brought out within 15-20 minutes. We had the 'caprese' salad and the biancoverde pizza with prosciutto added and it was INCREDIBLE!!! The salad was fresh and tasty and pizza here reminded us of great pizza in Italy! BEST pizza in the Phoenix metropolitan area! Note worthy food, but probably would not wait 3+ hours for dinner, but this is a wonderful place for lunch--if you have a longer break!Note: The website states, "Reservations accepted for parties of 6-10 when possible."
3	All I've ever heard about this place is how it is the best place for pizza. I've also heard how many people wait hours just to eat here so my boyfriend and I tried going on a weekday for lunch. There was a 30 minute wait which wasn't too bad. The service was fine but I didn't necessarily like the setup of the restaurant. I'm fine with smaller restaurants with lots of charm but our table was so close to the tables next to us it made it hard not to feel like we were sitting on top of the couple next to us. But we came for the pizza and while it was good pizza, it is not something I would ever wait HOURS for like other reviewers mentioned! I guess after hearing  time after time that this is THE best pizza I had certain expectations and was sadly disappointed! It is worth checking out, but definitely check out a few other local places to compare.To sum it up: good pizza, but not mindblowingly, wait for 3 hours good! I think there's a few other really great local urban pizzerias in Phoenix that I will go to over Bianco.
5	This place lives up to the hype, plain & simple!  This is craft or artisan style pizza.  Real dough, real buffalo de mozzarella cheese, real tomato sauce, made in a wood fired over that adds some roasted charcoal-esque sabor to every bite.  This ain't no Domino's, Pappa moran's, or Pizza shack nonsense, this is adult food that you will appreciate.  Some of their menu items are set made pizzas and some of them are a bit unusual.  I wanted a sausage, mushroom, onion, and cheese over red sauce & I ordered it (off menu) and they made it no problemo.  Amazing.  I'm sure their suggested pies on the menu are great too, but I like my apples to apples comparison.  Now I've had my fav I keep getting the same thing.  Been there during business a couple times never busy for me because I was there at like 4pm on a weekday, or 30 minutes before closing on a weekday.  I hear it gets busy & there are lines during regular meal times, I don't wait for most places, but I would wait in line for this!
3	I know everyone has raved about this place. So naturally, I was was super excited to try it. I don't know if it was just so hyped up or what, but it just seemed like a normal pizza to me... with a really long wait.I was meeting some girlfriends there for lunch, we got there a few minutes early and asked to be seated, but they won't seat you until the whole party is there, unfortunately (although understandable!). So we stood outside, in the 108 degree heat until everyone got there. After waiting over an hour, they finally were able to seat us. We had three kiddos with us, and they told us they only had two high chairs. (Not a huge issue, but definitely not convenient either.)I thought their menu was extremely limited, only have 6 pizzas: 3 with red sauce and 3 with white sauce and then just a few toppings you could add.While the food was alright, I didn't find it over-the-top or spectacular as I had expected. Needless to say, I'd have no problem going back but I probably wouldn't seek it out.
4	I was one of Those People who insisted I would never, ever go to Pizzeria Bianco.  I had no interest in waiting 3+ hours for the privilege of eating pizza.  Bah Humbug!Wait...  what is this?  PB is open for lunch? On Saturdays?  Without a wait!?  OK, I take that all back.  Let's go!On a recent Saturday we made our way to Heritage Square.  I approached the little restaurant/house building with a hefty dose of skepticism.  Could it really be *that* good?The space is not very large, and was nearly full at 11:30.  Grabbing two open seats at the bar (with a great view of the wood-fired oven), we decided to try two pizzas:Sonny Boy ($16) - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Sopressata (salami), Gaeta Olives.  As I am not a fan of olives, I asked for this to be served without them.  It was really just OK.  The crust was slightly overcooked making the edges more burnt than charred.  Also, it was sliced haphazardly, making the slices strange sizes and shapes.I was not very impressed.  Until the second pizza arrived:Biancoverde ($16) - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula.This was a very interesting and tasty pizza!  A perfect blend of cheeses and garlic.  The Arugula was a nice contrast to the perfect blend of cheeses and garlic.  And, unlike the Sonny Boy, this crust was delicious!About a week later, I had the opportunity to enjoy a couple of other PB varieties (in addition to the Biancoverde) during lunch with a few (skeptical) co-workers:Rosa ($13) - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios.  This sounds like a strange combination, but it works!Wiseguy ($16) - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage.  Good, but did not take the place of the Biancoverde as my favorite.It was fun to watch their nervous expressions at the sight of an arugula-covered pizza turn to smiles of delight at their first bites.So, I am glad I finally gave PB a try.  Will I ever wait hours and hours for these pizzas?  No!  However, you may find me there at lunchtime, savoring a Biancoverde with a smile.
3	After hearing so many amazing reviews, I wanted desperately to be a part of the urban yuppie "it" scene.  Sadly, disappointed.I suppose Pizzeria Bianco earned 3 stars because it was okay food and I didn't have to wait--a wait would've knocked off another star.  Waiting for OK food is not OK.  But now I can say I've been and don't know what all the hype is about. First things first, disappointing wine list.  I started at their "wine bar" next door (small by the glass selection, 5/6 reds, maybe 12 total options), where my $13 Pinot must've been served at 87 degrees.  Dear Genius, Phoenix room temperature in August is not the appropriate temperature for ANY wine to be served.  EVER.  When I become a super a-hole in my later years as opposed to the amateur a-hole I pretend to be now, I would definitely speak to a manager about that.  Someone who is spending over $15 dollars after tax and tip on a glass of wine would know proper temperature, your bartenders do not?  I chose a red blend in the actual restaurant which was served at a better temp and surprise surprise, the result was a cheaper, better tasting wine.Now that we got THAT out of the way...We ordered the organic green salad which was pretty boring, greens and maybe a few olives, but I can buy into getting organic greens and maybe nothing else for the $6 price.  For our meal we shared a pizza, the Wiseguy with onions and sausage.  It met expectations, but was not WOW, good.  I guess the bar was set a bit high, I was prepared to put this on the same level as Cibo, but no.  Do not do that.  The pizza menu was also notably small and most of the pizza's were vegetarian.  Not that I'm always a carnivore, I ate vegetarian for almost 2 years, I just like my options.Go if you must to say you did.  Do not wait.  And parking is kind of a pain=Valet is the best option.  You're welcome.
4	This place has the BEST pizza I've ever had. No, really. I'm not joking. I'll take one star off for the hour+ wait time.. but it was worth it.You wait (just like everyone else) in the wine bar next door. They don't take reservations. You can't do take out. You wait. And you drink while you wait. By the time we finished our 2nd drinks, our table was ready... and we were really hungry.. and that made the food taste even better. Make sure to order enough to take home... between my boyfriend and I, we ordered 3 pizzas:The Rosa (it has pistachios on it. and that may freak you out, but take a chance --- it's the best pizza I've ever had). The Margherita (classic). The Wise guy (for the meat eaters in your group -- not for me). I love that the owner works the stove. It's a great experience.. maybe food shouldn't be instant.
5	Aha! We finally actually got to eat pizza this time! The past few times we've been in the area and have stopped by here, it's been an hour or more wait, and I'm just too impatient to do so. Even the place next door for waiting gets too crowded as well!  This time, we planned it well... after getting breakfast at Gallo Blanco, we figured... hey, we're in the area, why not get some pizzas to go. Yeah, I know... I know... they don't do pizzas to go unless you eat there, so, as gluttinous as it sounds. We ate pizza right after breakfast!We did it right this time. We arrived around 10am this lovely humid Saturday morning. No one was in their parking lot. Uh-oh, our timing was too good. We wandered off to the Arizona Science Center to chill (literally it was freezing in there) and then came back around 10:40am, and still no people waiting out front. The first family came around 10:45 and at the same time Bianco's brought the valet stand out. A few minutes later, more and more people came pulling up. So, 10am's too early. I'd say about 10:39am would be just right to park, sit in the air conditioning for awhile and then stroll up to the door at 10:48 and then even though there's a short line, you'll still get a table!We ate the Margherita (tomato sauce and cheese was wholesome and good. Very light on the basil this time) and the Wise Guy (sausage was excellent on this one) pizzas there. They're about 12" size pizzas which are good for individual pizzas especially since the crust isn't exactly thick. Everything is really light... the crust, the toppings, the sauce. No feeling of oiliness at the end, because everything is "just right."  We ate the Rosa and Sonny Boy at home. The Rosa is very unique and delicious because it has both Rosemary potatoes and pistachios on it. I loved this one and am still crushing on it! The Sonny Boy is definitely for the olive lovers, because the olive taste is so strong! All pizzas had the fresh, light, brick oven taste. Is it the best pizza in the country as legend has it? Although I did love these pizzas, I can't reach a verdict because it's different. I don't know what to compare it to. La Piazza Al Forno was still this same type of thin gourmet pizza, yet the Al Forno cheeses were just so oily and rich and filling. Amaro Pizzeria and Vino Lounge has pizzas that also reminded me of Pizzeria Bianco's. All I know is... I loved Pizzeria Bianco and I would wait about 30 mins for it, but definitely not over an hour for it. And once I do get in again, I'm going to take home a bunch of pizzas again!
5	This place has the Best olive oil I've ever dipped my bread into. So zingy and fresh. We drove in circles trying to find this place. Oprah had declared it one of the best places to get a pizza pie in the USA and we had to check it out.  It's not the type of place where you can pull up out front park and walk in. Its in a little courtyard by the Arizona Science Center and you have to navigate a bit of a maze to find it.We arrived at opening time and there was already a line. Luckily we got a seat no problem and had excellent attentive service. We split a refreshing salad and split a pizza that was half the sonny boy and half wise guy. The pizza's are wood fired and are thin but filling.  I loved the spices in the sausage.Elegant pizza in a cute rustic restaurant with attentive efficient service.5 Stars.
3	Ehh- The pizza was very good. Not better than Cibo or Harley's though. The wait was crazy and the service suuucked! At the afore mentioned restaurants, you get a better vibe, better prices and I've always had awesome service!
4	High quality, thin crust pizza in a small, cozy setting in an historic part of Phoenix.  In walking distance to Chase Field.  We got lucky and didn't have to wait long which is often the case.  Small menu and don't expect to be able to create your own pizza, however you shouldn't need to.  We had a variety of pizzas and several appetizers.   I was very happy with the Marinara and Margherita pizzas.  Overall great dining experience but not my favorite pizza.
5	Amazing pizza. From New York and this blew us away. Must go if you are in town! The sauce was light and had the perfect sweetness. Get the marinara and margarita and enjoy!
2	the 2-star description of "Meh. I've experienced better" couldn't be any more dead on for this place, *especially* in light how many best.pizza.ever reviews i've seen on here and from noted chefs and celebrities. for all of you who think that, i'm sorry but maybe you've never been to new york. hell, maybe you've never even been to new jersey, b/c this wasn't any better than my local neighborhood joint. based on what i read coming into the meal, i expected the light of god to shine down on me as i took my first bite. what i got instead was, yes, an ok pizza, but nothing more than and a ridiculously overcharged one at that (and now an awful case of heartburn, but that's beside the point).we got the margherita pizza and added wood-roasted mushrooms and sicilian anchovies. sauce was pretty good but the house made mozzarella was nothing to write home about. crust was thin and soft in the middle, crispy around the edges...and burnt. luckily, my wife and i don't mind a well-done crust, but it certainly did not exhibit the perfection that i was expecting going in. the pizza was cut into 6 slices, and was so small that i could have easily eaten the thing on my own. couldn't have been more than 10-12" in diameter, as each slice was able to *easily* fit on the same appetizer-sized plates that we used for our pre-pizza bread (which we had to request, was not offered to us by the waiter, yet another knock against the entire experience).the total bill for one little pizza and a $5 draft beer was $28. that's right, one pizza, no more than a personal-sized one at that, with 2 toppings was $23. in terms of accompaniments to the pizza, the menu was SO limited and when i saw the table next to us get their antipasto plate, there was no way we were paying $15 for it.i cannot believe that anyone in their right mind would wait one hour, let alone up to 4 as some of you have written, for this pizza. maybe zagat should stick to fine dining reviews, b/c they clearly missed the mark here. if any of my friends or relatives were to visit phoenix, my advice would be "don't believe the hype". personally, i can't wait to get back to new jersey and get a bigger, cheaper, and most importantly, better pizza.
4	I came to Pizzeria Bianco for lunch almost by accident (it's over by the Science Center... science makes me hungry!). We ordered the Sonny boy (Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives). I don't even like olives and I enjoyed this pizza! (Warning: a lot, a lot, a lot of olives. We asked them to only do half olives too and you can barely see the mozzarella). The crust was thin and lovely. It is a very oily pizza, but in the best way. I would definitely come again for lunch, but it isn't amazing enough for me to wait more than an hour for dinner.
5	My absolute favorite is the Rosa Pizza. I have tried almost every pizza here. The service is fantastic, atmosphere is very cool with brick walls and exposed rafters it just gives it that Rustic feeling of sitting in  a small Italian village. There are a few reasons why there will be wait in the evenings especially on the weekend. They don't take reservations do get there early or plan on hanging out across the way at the wine bar. Enjoy!!!
2	It's been over a year since the last time I went to Pizzeria Bianco, and I am admitedly a very harsh pizza critic. The first time I went to Bianco's I loved the pizza. It was incredible.  This time, a friend was in town and wanted to go to the famous "Pizzeria Bianco" so we went at lunch to avoid the 2 hour wait.  To be very honest, the pizza just wasn't that good - over cooked & dry.  The salad was good & the bread was great, but we went for the pizza! There was no wait at lunch & the service was better. But I have to say that the pizza at Grazies & The Parlor are better. The incredible dough was always the best thing about the pizza at Biancos...but it was not very good this time. It's lost the chewiness and was more like a cracker. So unfortunately, I won't be back. Grazie's has become my pizzeria of choice in town now.
1	I am a fan of great pizza, and the two times I have been here, I have not experienced good pizza.  In fact, the last time my girlfriend and I ate at Pizzeria Bianco (a few weeks ago) we both got very sick.  I don't expect to like everything that I eat, but I certainly expect to not get paralyzingly sick after a $100 meal.  Sickness aside, the quality of pizza and appetizers at Cibo is far superior to that of Pizzeria Bianco.  I will never eat here again.
4	The margherita pizza was beyond yum. Add that to the delicious salad + bread topped off with cappuccinos to round out the meal = the best downtown find I've came across yet.Definitely going back!
5	If you like REAL pizza, not Pizza Hut or other chain type pizza, come here.  If you are used to Americanized pizza, you will not like this place which is probably what a lot of the recent reviwers are having issues with.  You aren't getting doughy pizza drowned with thick tomato sauces and lots of poor quality cheeses and toppings.   I read about this place in Men's Health Magazine as the best Pizza in America.  My brother was living in Phoenix and graduated from ASU so we were there in May and I made reservations way in advance to ensure we got a table.  Wait was less than 15 minutes with the reservation.  If you plan ahead, you don't have to wait 2+ hours.  The place is really small but love the look and feel of it.  I had the Biancoverde pizza which truly is the best pizza I've ever had and I didn't think anything could top the pizzas I tried in New York from some of the mom and pop shops there.  These are fire oven pizzas so they are not going to have oil soaked crusts and will be drier, and the fact that this joint makes their mozzerlla fresh is impressive and it's OH-mazing!  My wife had the Margherita pizza which was also out of this world and my parents who travel to Italy often said it's exactly like what they have had there.  The capri salad is also fabulous and so is the olive oil they bring out at the beginning you can dip the bread in.  All in all, a much healthier version of pizza that I wish America was more excited to adopt!
5	Like Phoenix it's a Jewel in the desert. I never expected to find a pizza place i like so much in the desert. The grandfathered wood burning oven is what sets this place above th rest. It fills the veggies and pizzas with a wonderful charred & woodsy flavor.Do not be discouraged by the hour's long lines because it is worth it. You have two options to make this more bearable. Show up before 5:30 and skip the line or make your reservation and get a drink at the bar next door. Just let Bianca know you'll be there and they'll come get you when you're up.Everything here is cooked in the oven and this makes a huge difference in taste. Everything comes out crispy and flavorful it's too bad new wood fire ovens are outlawed. They have local brews but by no means is it a prolific selection, the beer is better at the bar next door and you can bring your beer into Bianca from there if you'd like.It's a charming early settlement construction similar to the 100 years+ pizzerias in NYC. If you like Pizza you'll love this place.
5	Finally good thin crust pizza outside of the tri state area. Light crust, fresh toppings and great sauce. Different than new York pizza but every but as tasty as the best NY has to offer.  I will be back next time i an in Phoenix
4	I had no idea they were open for lunch! Perfect since the boy and I were down town during lunch the other day. We stopped in around 2:30 inthe afternoon. No Wait! I couldn't even believe it. I hadn't eaten there since I was a little girl, but it was just as good as I remember.We got a couple beers and split the Margarita Pizza. It was sooo yummy! Perfectly crispy on the edges and lots of flavor. The service was a tini bit slow, but no big deal, we loved it. If you want great pizza and dont want to wait the normal 3 hours during dinner, you should hit up Pizzaria Bianco while the sun is still up, less wait time if at all. Enjoy!!
5	Yes, there's a wait even on a Tuesday night but the wine bar next door was quaint and had some games (chess, checkers) for you to pass the time, along with drinks.Enjoyed the level of thin-crustedness that the crust was.  Pizza was delicious.  My wife and I got the Biancoverde (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula) and the Wiseguy (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage).  Both were good, though we regretted it a bit after for eating so much.  Would definitely go back again.
5	We got here for lunch at 11:45 am on a Saturday and were seated at a table for two right away. The service was stellar - all the wait staff were hustling. We split a Sonny Boy, and it was awesome. We also asked for an order of bread and olive oil (it's free), and were happy to munch on that while we waited for our pizza to cook. The bread was airy in the middle and crusty on the outside.
5	I couldn't believe it, but it lived up to the hype. This was the best pizza I've ever had, probably. The service was great as well. The only downsides are the waiting times and the crampness inside, but the quality of the pizza compensates for it.
1	My husband & I have gone here many times. Fun atmosphere. Very good pizza. The staff are snobs. Of all the uptown/dowtown hipster places in the U.S. I've been to eat, I had never dined at a restaurant that fuels itself from bullying the patrons. Consistently. Mean does not = cool. Don't ask for an extra glass of water, and do what the waiter/hostess/manager tells you and you will do just fine. We finally got fed up with the treatment. We will never go back.
5	Yes! Wow, I finally made it to Pizzeria Bianco after having it bookmarked for a couple years.The good part now is that they are open for lunch, so the line isn't quite as long and they take RESERVATIONS! I made a res for 10 about 3 weeks out, and while it was very crowded in there with 10 people, it was well worth it.The setting is adorable; Heritage Square, to me, is perfect downtown Phoenix. The old house is super cute, as is the bar next door. Bonus points because you can walk to the ballpark and other downtown sites.The menu and wine/beer lists are small, but carefully-selected and unique.The pizza has an excellent crust with delicious, local-where-possible ingredients.I highly recommend Pizzeria Bianco for visitors and locals!
4	So being a native NYer and hearing all the hype about this place I decided to check it out. And I will say that all the hype lived up to its expectations. Super crisp crust, well seasoned sauce and good cheese, I chose the classic margarita for baseline (will be more adventerous next visit). I went for lunch during a weekday so there was literally no wait which is an added bonus. I will definately be back.
5	The owner was kind enough to participate in a great charity event on September 29, Alex Loves Lemonade Stand, in which all proceeds go to fight pediatric cancer. I have heard about Pizzeria Bianco for a few years and was delighted when I found out that they were participating in this event. Please note that many legendary great chefs throughout the U.S were featured. The longest line was for Pizzeria Bianco. O.K., now I get it! That pizza was beyond delicious. I love that the chef was making that pizza dough on-site and brought along a portable wood-burning oven. OMG, I was thrilled to donate money to facilitate pediatric cancer research. However, when Pizzeria Blanco shows up with his great tasting samples and Suzanne Goin gives away her famous short ribs as sliders and Jonathan Waxman flies in from NYC to serve up a great skirt steak, you know you are in a for a good day. Consensus: Pizzeria Bianco "stuck the landing." Thanks for mentoring Mario Batali and Nancy Silverton.  Fortunately, I have friends in Phoenix. Look forward to more than one great sample, and great it was.
5	Great pizza! The best in Phoenix. This pizzeria is perfection. Immaculate. Nice decor. Good service. The only drawback about this restaurant is the wait to get in. If you don't arrive early you could wait more than an hour to be seated. But I must say that it's worth the wait. The pizza is that good.
4	Really a 4.5The pizza is serious here. Nancy Silverton mentioned it was one of the inspirations for her pizza, so I had to try it out. It is a simple dough (not like Silverton's). Was told it is made with OO flour, fresh yeast cake, water, sea salt, and little bit of dough from the day before. The wood burning brick oven looks to be the real deal, with a thick black smoke floating a few inches above the cooking surface. Had the margherita, biancoverde, and Sonny Boy. All where good and only the highest quality ingredients are used. The crust had enough charred to imbue with the earthy scent and quality that makes crust so habit forming. The stand out was the margherita. The oven does wonders for the tomato sauce and really brings it alive. Probably one of the best margherita I have ever and had works perfectly with the simplicity of the dough. The gaeta olives on the Sonny Boy are excellent but paired with the salami made for a slightly rich pie. Lastly, the cheeses of the biancoverde paired well with the sharpness of the arugula and highlighted their fresh richness. An excellent pie overall. The place is small, cute, and busy. Waits can be long but are worth it. There are very nice benches outside to enjoy a beer while waiting for your table. Service is solid, informative, and friendly. An excellent value (especially for the quality). Phoenix is very fortunate to have a place of this high a quality.
4	Lots of hype about this place so had to check it out. Definitely good food. Glad I went during the week so we could get in - can't see waiting forever in line like some do for it. Wish they had a better dessert selection for my sweet tooth but apps and pizza were good. Nice wine pairings available too. Overall it's worth it if you want a good 'za.
3	Oddly enough I am not a fan. The pizza is good don't get me wrong but I find Humble Pie's selection and taste better, Cibo's is also better in my opinion. The wait is too long, the tables are too small and the pie is good but not great. If you have kids my suggestion to you is probably not recommended. That is not saying they are not kid friendly but its a very small place to have little ones who have the attention span of a gnat.If you have time and you like sitting in the wine bar next door? Go for it, the wine bar is really nice and their Moscato is killer.P.S. Its down town so parking really REALLY sucks.
4	Well I am an avid pizza lover and have been hearing & reading about Pizzeria Bianco for years. When I had the opportunity to come to AZ on a business trip I jumped at the chance!Flew in from DC on a Friday afternoon, checked into my hotel, and went straight to Bianco's. Arrived around 4:45pm and the place was about half-full. I grabbed a seat at the bar & ordered one of the tap beers (a local brew) and a margherita with sausage.  The pie came out about 5 minutes later. Overall, it was a great pizza. Delicious airy crust, nice balance of tomato & cheese. I do wish I hadn't added sausage--it was applied with a VERY heavy hand and I ended up removing a good deal of it so it wouldn't be overwhelming.  Service was also great; the bartender checked on me several times.  People at the bar were friendly, as well, and I ended up chatting with one couple as they recommended other restaurants to try during my stay. I guess my issue was that yes, it was a good pie and good atmosphere and I enjoyed it, but it didn't blow my socks off or change my life.  It was just a solid experience. I would say I've had better pizzas in DC.  So, for me, it didn't live up to the hype.
5	All I can say is WOW! I've lived in Northern Italy for a year and have been looking for a pizza to compare and have never found one...until now!  It is exactly like the pizza in Italy... all the way down to the crispy edges.   Too bad I'm not from Phoenix or I'd eat here every day.  The place is small and everyone goes there so go early.  You will not be disappointed.
5	All I can say is that it rocks!! Love this place and havent been there in 7 years because I wouldnt wait a hour for pizza. Then...I did just the other day. Still fantastic after all these years!
1	So I've heard everyone rave about this place but every time we've come here, there is always at least an hour wait. So we decided to come early today to avoid a wait...only to be told that they do not do outdoor seating or takeout on the weekends (our dog was with us and we were not going to leave him in the car). We tried to be flexible but it was like they didn't care for our business...looks like it was never meant to be. They didn't even try to offer an explanation for their policy. Don't think I'll try to eat here again...not worth paying $16 for a pizza when the service is not worth it!
3	Saturday night = long wait.  The wine bar next door was a great place to sit and chat with an antipasto plate and a drink and certainly made it tolerable. 5 stars for atmosphere and charm for the whole experience.The pizza is very good, but not quite as good as I expected and the price is a little steep in my opinion, but not too bad.Overall, I'm not sure if I would go back. The long wait times had set my expectations really high and they just weren't quite met.  For my money I'd rather go to Grimaldi's for a very similar pie but a better value.
5	Who know you'd find this in the desert??  Pizza Heaven! Pie Paradise!  Bianco is blissful!  Was on my list for a while.  Finally stopped in for dinner before an event at a nearby arena.  Got there at around 6 to beat the crowd.  Charming old building with a hip fun atmosphere.  Service was timely and very personable.  Recommendations were thoughtful and relevant.  The food was AMAZING.  We split a salad and the sausage pizza.  I didn't want it to end.  I could have just eaten the sausage and been happy.  The crust and the smoky flavor from the pizza oven threw me over the edge.  Highly recommend just for the flavor.  Throw in great location and awesome service and you have the trifecta!  It is important to note that this is a very small place with just a few tables and a small bar.  Not ideal for big groups.
2	We came from Los Angeles, heard about this restaurant and wanted to give it a try. Friday night we were told to wait for an hour so we left. Next day we went for lunch instead. $16 for a medium thin crust pizza is not quite worth it: not enough cheese, just a few slices of sausage. Salad is even worse. A few leafy lettuce with 6 olives. Cost: $6. I can buy a bag of same lettuce from 99 Cent store and can divide into 10 plates! Tables and chairs are old, made of wood only. They are not comfortable. The place is small. Waiters are in 50's, not very friendly. Don't go. I am sure many still want to give it a try simply because it is in historic Heritage Square. Talk about a sucker born every minute!
2	I don't see what all the hype is about.  Like, not at all.  I'm beginning to think that a lot of people in Phoenix have absolutely NO idea what good food really is.  Maybe I got really spoiled with all the east coast yumminess in Philly, D.C. and New York.  My expectations are set pretty high and Pizzeria Bianco just didn't meet any of them.The atmosphere is super cute, typical city like restaurant where tables are close and its nice and loud and crowded.  But it pretty much stops there.The pizza was just ok.  I'd be pretty pissed if I waited over an hour for what I feel like is pretty generic pizza.  There was nothing special that stood out about this pizza.  Someone please tell me what is so special or different about the pizza here because I just don't see it.  The atmosphere at Cibo is much better and I think the pizza there was a lot better.  Service was horrible! How do restaurants here get away with having such terrible servers.  Just because you're popular doesn't mean you have to treat your customers like they are bothering you. I have no idea what our servers name was, he never asked if we'd been there before, described nothing on the menu, didn't ask if we had any questions.  Simply asked what we wanted to eat and that was it.  I had to ask for a drink.  I mean, really?? Hello!!  You're not at all concerned that someone may actually want a glass of water or soda or wine with their meal.  This I simply do not understand.  I will not be returning to Pizzeria Bianco and certainly will not be recommending it to anyone.
5	Amazing pizza, amazing service, adorable location. If the wait is long, go next door for a drink!
2	Over priced, over rated and (look out) over head. We had heard such great things about this restaurant that perhaps we set our hopes too high...We went to Pizzeria Bianco a few months ago for lunch. It was a bit after the lunch rush, so we didn't have to wait but the restaurant was pretty full. The menu is a bit sparse but we figured that it was so good, they were concentrating on quality vs. quantity of menu offerings. We ordered the handmade buffalo mozzarella and basil caprese salad and a "sonny boy" pizza that had salami and gaeta olives. Bianco claims that they use local tomatoes and I'm not disputing that they do. However, we went in the height of the tomato season when heirlooms are at their peak and plentiful at the farmers market, yet they served us tasteless, limp tomatoes with a schmear of balsamic. I never salt my food but the mozzarella should have been brined when they made it as it had no flavor.  For a $9 appetizer, it simply was not up to par.The pizza was also underwhelming. The crust was ok but the toppings were minimal and the cheese on top was barely cooked. I was sitting in the table at the far corner near the front of the restaurant and I kept seeing speckles of dust in the air. I made the mistake of looking up and I saw that the wooden beams in this restaurant have about an inch of dust on them that flaked down on me and my pizza during the course of my meal. I was kind of too grossed out to continue eating and I was actually too embarrassed for the restaurant to tell the wait staff who probably couldn't do anything about it anyway. Hopefully, they have done a deep cleaning of the restaurant in the last few months. Honestly, if you have ever looked at the dust that accumulates on your ceiling fan if you haven't cleaned it in awhile, it looked like that x 10. Our simple lunch was about $30.. Maybe they charged us an extra topping for the dust.
3	I wasn't that impressed by the pizza after all the hype I heard about it on the food network and such. I went during lunch when there was no wait and I'm not sure if the pizza would be worth a one hour wait. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is definitely pretty good but I was expecting much better from a place rated among the top pizza joints in the US. One of the pizzas had a slightly burnt crust and the other wasn't crispy enough. The pizzas we tried were Rosa and the wiseguy and both had pretty good flavor.
4	This place is pretty darn good...if you want to wait an hour to be seated. Really tasty pizza, salad, etc, & staff if friendly. They don't have a nice area that you can wait at before you are seated and order drinks etc. Can't place orders to go or call ahead for seating.
5	Ahhh, how I thought I would be disappointed reading reviews before going to Biancos, but I was anything but disappointed. The reviews suggested that some select people did not think it was special. Those people are wrong. I had a perfect lunch the wise guy pizza was, as billy crystal world say "marvelous". My glass of reisling was delightful. The seats at the bar left my bum hurting a bit, but no pain no gain. I will definitely return.
5	Best pizza on the planet!  Wouldn't hesitate recommending this place.We went for dinner even though we had heard there would be a LONG wait.  Only waited about 20 minutes but was worth the wait.  Best pizza, great service.Went back for lunch the next day and the manager greeted us by name.  Makes one feel valued;-)
5	I've had pizza in most every major city and in several cities in Italy...this is good.  I don't think it's the best in the world like they say....but I was happy and I'd be delighted to eat there every night of my life.I like the set up.  It's cute and charming.   We were told we would be waiting an hour to sit so we walked next door to the bar they own and enjoyed a drink.  Our table was ready within 20 mins and we sat.  After ordering 5 pizzas (there was 6 of us) we stopped.  Total fan...not the best pizza but damn good pizza.  Adorable.  Charming.  Friendly.  Fresh.  Yay.
5	I first saw Pizzeria Bianco on Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." This was on the top of my list of places to visit in Arizona. Since we arrived on a Thursday at 12:30 pm, there was only a fifteen minute wait. The place isn't very big which is why there are long wait times especially on the weekends. Everything on the menu sounded good. This is what my aunt and I ordered. Rosa (5 stars) -  The flavor combination was brilliant. I would never think to add pistachios to a pizza. The distinct pistachio flavor transformed with the balanced combination of red onions, parmigiano reggiano, and rosemary. The texture of the crust was yummy and what to expect from a wood burning brick oven. Sonny Boy (4 stars) - The toppings on this pizza was a good contrast to the Rosa. The tomato sauce was tasty, and there was just enough mozzarella cheese. They used good quality salami. I'm not huge fan of olives on my pizza, but these olives were delicious. Service (5 stars) - The staff was friendly, and we did wait too long for our food. They even offered to take our picture outside since they do take many pictures. This is must try for locals and tourists when you're in Phoenix.
5	My wife and I visit Greater Phoenix a couple times a year.  Our fave restaurant is Pizzeria Bianco.  I have a story to illustrate how good the place is.  This is not a joke - this actually happened on our first visit.  As we were advised to do, we arrived several hours before they opened.  This was back when they had more limited hours and they weren't open for lunch.  We waited in the line, but it wasn't too hot out, and we had a nice time.  When we finally sat down, we were hungry.  But before we could order, a very normal looking middle-aged woman entered the restaurant and approached our table.  She said her son was visiting from out of state and they had to take him to the airport, and they didn't have time to stand in the line, but her son's favorite thing in the world is the Sonny Boy pizza from Pizzeria Bianco, so would we mind ordering a couple extra pizzas to go when we ordered our meal?  Apparently Pizzeria Bianco doesn't accept takeout orders, but they will give you a pizza or two to-go if you order them as part of your meal.  Before we could say no, the woman was already thanking us and I had $40 in my hand.  We were stunned.  When our server approached us, he asked if we knew that woman.  We said no, and we told him the truth when he asked what she wanted.  He told us he'd take care of the situation, and he went outside to chat with the woman.  Then she stormed back into the restaurant, told us we threw her under the bus, demanded her money back and marched back out of the restaurant.  Pizzeria Bianco is that good.We started with the Antipasto with the awesome roasted veggies, I think we had the Caprese salad and we had 2 of the pizzas - the Sonny Boy and I think the Wiseguy.  Fantastic meal.  Pizzeria Bianco is that good.
2	I have heard about and read about this place for many years but never got to try it. My brother came into town and his boss said for him to try it out. So we went downtown and because of the reviews we purposefully went early. We got there around 4:45. Just in time for the Zombie walk. Lucky us. So we were told it would be an hour and a half wait. We went next door to the bar and each had a glass of wine and the antipasti and crostini. $60 later..  We get a table. We each got a pizza and I got the farmers market salad to share. It was priced according to the items they put into it. It was $9. It had lettuce, and red onion and blue cheese which we got on the side. Really. It was not large. It had nothing else on it. To me that's not a salad. I thought being a farmers market salad there would be other veggies on it but I guess the market was closed.The pizza was unremarkable. It wasn't even very warm. I like cold pizza too but this didn't make it. And It was worse the next day.  I love trying new places. I love pizza and salad. I just can't find a thing to make me go back to this place.  Not even if someone else was paying.
4	Pizzeria Bianco is good but fails to live up to the hype of being one of the best pies in the country.  Places like this are scattered throughout first rate cities like New York.  I was lucky that there was no wait because I would have been very disappointed if I had to wait for just a good pie as opposed to one that was exceptional.
4	http://stevelerer.comWhile waiting for my flight to leave Phoenix, I stopped in at Pizzeria Bianco with my friend Renee. This pizzeria is a transplant right out of Italy with it's own wood oven right in the dining room. I love seeing pizzerias set up like that, it is just a lot of fun to watch them cook your pizza only a few feet from your table. Prior to chowing down on pizza I had to order my first recommended dish, the Spiedini, Italian fontina cheese wrapped in prosciutto. The wrapped cheese was then skewered and cooked to be served nice and warm. Probably better than the pizza, this dish may be the best thing I've eaten in Phoenix. The cheese was warm and creamy and the deliciously salty flavor was layered along side the crispy and salty sweet prosciutto. Often salt on salt is too much but this combo just worked perfectly and kept me coming back for more. If I hadn't already ordered my pizza I might have just went with a few more orders of the cheese and called it a day. It really was that good.A few minutes after our appetizers, my pizza arrived. I broke my own rule and ordered a pizza without a red sauce because it was the other reccomended dish off my restaurant list. The Rosa pizza consisted of some of my favorite ingredients so I felt like it was ok to deviate from my norms. First it had a wonderful crust on which to build. Thin and crispy with a bubbly crust, but what would you expect from a super hot wood fire oven. The toppings started with cooked down red onions, and unlike Mr. Scott Conant, I love me some red onions. The bite of the onions was balanced out by the cheeses especially the fresh Parmesan. The last topping and by far the least likely on a pizza were the pistachio nuts. The great thing is that I love pistachios also! All of these ingredients mixed together on a pizza created a depth of flavor that made me happy to have taken the risk. I would definitely reccomend this pizza to people who want to stray from the norm but in the end the prosciutto wrapped fontina skewers significantly out shined the pizza.Overall our meal at Pizzeria Bianco was a memorable one.  Not much I could complain about. The service was good, the ambiance was like most pizzerias and the food was on point. I could eat that appetizer every day, too bad I don't live nearby. Next time you are in town and want some quality pizza on the western side of the country, check out Pizzeria Bianco.Overall Review: 7/10
4	Mmmmmm mmmmmmm GOOD! This is a TINY place with a LONG wait..... so if you just want a regular old pizza in a couple minutes, you wont be happy visiting this restaurant. This restaurant is quite famous and everyone has wonderful things to say about it so I had to try it and put in my 2 cents. I met a co-worker here one Friday evening (pretty busy) and I have to say that I was blown away! We were able to get a small table outside and enjoy a bottle of wine from next door, as we waited for a table. If you're not in a rush and enjoying your company, the wait of 45-60 minutes shouldn't be a problem. As we were seated, yes you notice that you are a little crammed but if you can get over that fact and enjoy a quant little authentic different place to eat you will enjoy yourself. The pizza is cooked brick oven style, has thin crust and is a little burnt around the edges..... OLD SCHOOL! The pizza sauce and the fresh topping make this pizza yummylishious! I liked that it was thin crust, not full of grease and wasn't your normal pepperoni or olive pizza! Fresh basil leaves, round fresh sausages..... just FRESH! Everyone who worked there was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. The menu isn't huge, but they have a variety of pizza, salad and appetizers to choose from. They are also pretty quick with getting the pizzas out, so once you have waited for your table, there is not too bad of a wait to get your drinks and food.I would recommend this place for more adults on a date night then families. It is family oriented, but it's so small having larger groups is harder for them to accommodate. If you don't want to wait very long I would say try visiting this place on a week night, before the dinner rush. I enjoyed Bianco's and will definitely drive the 40 minutes again to have dinner here!
5	Yep, solid 5 stars again.  Two for two visits-- does that mean 10 stars???I struggled to not order the Rosa.  This time I went with the Sonny Boy and was not disappointed.  Just the right amount of (wonderful) salami.Don't dink around with the choices.  As per my previous review I will say again: "trust the artistry".  Seldom will you find a crust this good, and almost never will you find it this well prepared.  Notice the indifferently blackened crust in the  photo, and on YOUR pie.  Just GO there!
5	Worth the wait, the best pizza on the planet.  (If you don't have the time, a subset of the pizza menu is available at Pane Bianco on Central.
5	who could ever rate this less than 5 stars????
4	Had been trying to get here for years, everytime I would go there would be at least a 2 hour wait. I got lucky when I made reservations for a friends birthday. It was worth the wait, the pizza was so fresh and delicious. It is very small and intimate, which I enjoy very much. The menu is limited and there is a line at times to eat here, other than that this place is worth coming back to.
5	I actually checked out the 1 stars to have a laugh.  This is the best Pizza place in the world.  I have been away from Phoenix for at least 3 years and having only visited this place 3 times.... I want to take a plane and go back just to have dinner!Yes Chris I will wait 3 hours in your bar next door just to have the spiedini!  I tell you what --- all of my spiedini's are not even close -- tell me what I am doing wrong and send the salad dressing so I can stop this obsession!When you got it - you got it!  When you are me you beg to come to Phoenix to visit Chris!And I cannot even get close to the dough - so if you are giving out secrets--- ..... darn the plane tickest for a family of 4 are high!---  UgggI just have to wait ...maybe forever.
4	Margharita pizza, add sausage. Muah, perfecto.
5	I was eating at Westville in New York, NY a few years ago and got into a conversation about food with a guy at a neighboring table. Eventually, talk turned to pizza. As it does in New York. And he told me about Pizzeria Bianco. And he said it was one of the best, perhaps the best, pizza in the USA. And of course I thought, this cannot be true. Because it's not in New York. Call it prejudice, and you'd probably be right, but New Yorkers are incapable of believing ANYTHING in New York is not the best of whatever it is. Pizza especially! Well, Pizzeria Bianco lives up to its reputation. I went twice while visiting Phoenix recently (second time was quite a long, New York-style wait) and had everything on the menu. Holy shit. Amazing. Many people I went with also thought "best pizza I've ever had." One old curmudgeonly guy wasn't impressed, but he's that old guy that's not impressed by anything, so forget him for now. I liked it. Especially the white pies! Which NEVER happens because I usually think FUCK PIZZA WITH NO TOMATO SAUCE. I was WRONG. The Rosa is FUCKING INCREDIBLE. GET IT. And more. And go back. I had to wait years to visit. It was worth it. Read my other reviews. I'm not usually this nice, even when I'm nice.
4	Small place, great pizza, very fresh! We went for lunch on a Friday and waited about 45 minutes but I think that is part of the "experience". Cheeseboard in Berkeley, CA is better
5	The best pizza. Yes what you here is true, the wait is long and sometimes you will wait more then 3 hours. A good tip not to wait. Get there right when they open and you will be sat almost upon entry. Everything they have is good. It's the best pizza!!
5	Best pizza I've ever had...hands down.  It lives up to the hype.  In fact, I've been now 3 times before writing this review as I wanted to make sure my 'best pizza' claim was true.  Each time I've had a different pizza and each time I've walked away wanting more.  The crust is amazing and it is cool to watch them make the pizzas.  Best time to go is for lunch...but get there early as it fills up quick.  The restaurant is small and cozy...with a cool bar next door if you are caught with long wait.  It isn't often that places live up to the hype...but Pizzeria Bianco exceeds it!
2	Best Pizza ever? Ha Ha Ha Ha. You poor things. Better than Walmart frozen for sure. Someday I'm going to have a pizza benefit. Pizza from around the U.S.. Midwest, east coast, west coast, southwest.. You're all invited. Nothing there like this mediocre stuff. If you taste great pizza, you will never come back here. And prices? For shits sake. This is pizza.
5	The following is a live-Yelp of my first experience at Pizzeria Bianco.Wine: Primitivo, Antico Sigillo '10 Salento, Italy (red)I'm starting out with the usual wait (45 minutes this time) at the bar next door*. I was impressed that the hostess will come over to let you know when your table is ready. The interior of the bar is warm, intimate, and very cute. I usually take my reds from California, Spain, Australia, and Argentina...this Italian is very impressive. Full-bodied, fruity (blueberry notes), very mellow tannins, consistent from the front to the back end. Thanks to the knowledgable bartender, I have a new favorite.*The wait was more like 15 minutes. It pays to dine solo.Pizza: Rosa, with extra fennel sausage - excellent, but not for red sauce loversWhen the waiter set my pizza on the counter, my eyes got very big. It arrived piping hot and smelling delicious. It's as delicious as it smells and looks, too. The pistachios, cheese, and red onions are all melted into the wonderful crispy-tender bread. I'll ask for some olive oil...my promise to lose five pounds before New Year's Eve is now destroyed. The olive oil made a great thing even better...great for dipping the extra crust into.Summary: Artisan bread lovers and native Italians, rejoice! Dominoes take-out palettes, Chicago pizza casserole gobblers, New York grease slice fanatics, and characters of the Jersey Shore persuasion... you might want to sit this one out.
2	Very long wait for a mediocre pizza. Not worth the hype. Definitely had better pizzas elsewhere including Phoenix. Grimaldi's in Scottsdale have way better Margarita pizzas.
4	Heard so much about this place on my first visit to Phoenix this year, but didn't get a chance to make it so when I found myself in town for the second time...I definitely had to make a meal of it. I enjoyed the pizza...I got the only one that comes without cheese. Amazing! Didn't think I would eat the whole pizza on my own and then I did. Great food. Good service. Valet parking is validated and you pay for it on your bill. Might be back to try other pizzas in a future trip.
1	Not coming here again.... here's why: 1) hour and a half wait for pizza that tastes like Sbarro. 2) Grotesquely overpriced 3)  Stray cats roaming around everywhere outside the restaurant.   Gross.
5	ok its not ghetto fab like red devil.... its different!!!!! but the pizza speaks for itself and is delish!!!! if you have a couple of hours to spare and want to try good pie stop here!!!!
2	I know that everyone raves about Pizzeria Bianco...  so I waited my 2-hour wait to get a table with friends and try the pizza.  To be honest - NOT worth the wait.  The pizza was fine, nothing wrong with it at all - but not worth a 2 hour wait.  Everything about this place was "fine" in my book, but absolutely not exceptional or worth the long wait, loud space and slow order time for the pizza to arrive at the table.
5	Amazing pizza! We came with (very) high expectations and still left wow-ed. We got 4 pizzas to share: the rosa, biancoverde, sonny boy and wiseguy. All were fabulous but the rosa was a true standout. I was slightly hesitant about the flavors going together (red onion, parmesan, rosemary and pistachios) but trusted they knew what they were doing. And do they know their stuff. This pizza was hands down the best/most memorable--it was incredibly unique and flavorful and the crunch of the pistachios rounded it all out. The biancoverde was also delicious, the ricotta tasted so buttery! Another standout was their bread--apparently it is baked at their sandwich joint. It was crusty, eggy and delicious with their wonderful olive oil. We had 2 pieces left and I insisted on taking it to go--later to find out they had tucked in a few extra slices for me! Score! Pizzeria Bianco definitely lives up to the hype! GO!!!!
4	Excellent crust, quality ingredients, nice beer selection, and the pizza is always cooked perfectly.
4	Not best pizza in US, but usually very good. Only once have we had a problem with  "doughy" under cooked interior crust and black bottom. The person manning the ovens really needs to know his/ her stuff. They happily made a new pizza on that one occasion. Otherwise good quality and fast, energetic service. Frequented by tourists more than locals probably due to the wait, but fun place for both.
3	First of all I went for lunch so there wasn't any wait for us to be seated and our order taken. So I can't comment on the huge insane waits The restaurant is pretty cool and industrial with not very much seating.  I can see how it gets packed at some points.  They only have bottled Soda so no refills for which is kind of odd and a bit expensive. I guess they want to move people out.  The pizza's are a pretty good size for one hungry person or to share if you have two not so hungry people.  I got the pistachio pizza and it was pretty good.  I had never heard of one before, but I had to try it.  It wasn't anything mind blowing.  I think maybe I had built up the experience too much before I went and thought it was going to be mind blowing.  It sadly was not.  I think it's a fine pizza place which I wouldn't wait hours for.  So do yourself a favor and go when they open for lunch and judge for yourself.Try:- Pistachio Pizza
4	After years of wanting to try this SOOO popular place, I finally made it here today for lunch, joined by Arlin B. & Mike C.Our pizzas:*  1 WISEGUY - Wood roasted onion, house smoked Mozzarella & Fennel Sausage.*  1 BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmesan & Ricotta cheeses & whole argula leaves.*  1/2 MARGHERITA - Tomato sauce, fresh Mozzarella & whole basil leaves.*   1/2 SONNY BOY - Tomato sauce, fresh Mozzarella, Sopressata (a fancy salami) & Gaeta Olives.All four kinds of pizza came on very thin crust, a little crunchy to hold its body well, & the toppings were thin as well...  perhaps 1/4 inch thick."SO?," you ask.  I'm glad you asked that!  All four of these pizza types were unusual and very delicious!  I loved them all."Only 4 Stars?", you ask.  WELL...  These 3 pizzas, with nothing else and only water to drink, gave us the right amount of food to eat well, but ran up to around $60 with tip for three diners having LUNCH!Yes, one could argue that they aren't charging ENOUGH, since this small place filled up shortly after we arrived at 11, & there were a number of people waiting outside to get in, plus, perhaps, people in the bar next door, by the time we left.  In any case, I think BoomBozz in Gilbert remains the best pizza feast in the Valley,...  at 1/3 the price!     :-))
3	Had lunch here with Arlin B. and Rand H. and yes the pizza is good here but I do not think it is good enough for the price or the wait.The crust was really good and the topping were ok but I prefer a meat lovers pizza piled high.There are at least 5 other pizza places i would rather eat at . I would probably never return here because I was not as impressed as much as many other yelpers are.
4	Good pizza in Arizona??! Whaaaat?!!Yes, that's the story to this place. Man grows up in Brooklyn, falls in love with Arizona, moves himself to said Arizona, opens a pizza place and BOOM! You have Pizzeria Bianco.So being from NY, and after hearing much hype about this place and how, according to one NY Times critic, it could be even BETTER than NY pizza, I HAD TO HAD TO try this place.First off, let me start by saying that for an out-of-towner, this place was quite hard to find! It was facing the street but within a closed restaurant square just outside of Arizona U. Considering that we were driving and didn't know the area, we drove around and around the area a few times before we decided to just park the car and take it by foot. After parking the car and putting approx 8 quarters in a meter that robbed us of 20 minutes (max 2 hrs but we were prepping for the long wait that is also associated with this place), we walked only to find a parking lot right next to the restaurant. Grrrrr.... Lucky for us, we went on an off hour and had no trouble getting a seat.Next up, upon walking in we noticed that the place was teeny! No wonder they have such a long wait!!! I know that they're pizza was modeled after old recipes, but did they're structure have to model the old tiny places that the old NY pizza joints are also known for? I'd say no... So anyway, we sit, get a menu and are a bit thrown off by the prices considering the sizes of the pies in front of other patrons. $18 for a personal sized pie with only sausage on top??! Whatever... By this time we were a bit perturbed but fully committed. We paid our meter, lost the money, were seated, hungry and extremely curious about what all the hype was about. So bam... $18 gone for a little pie w/ fresh sausage on top. I swear this better be good!!About 10 minutes after ordering we received our pizza, fresh from the brick-burning oven with cheese melting and sausage steaming. Looked good; smelled good... damn better taste good too! We stared at the pizza for a while as we tried to soak in the size vs price and come to terms with the absurdity of it, took our slice and took a bite...The suspense as we chewed, absorbed and swallowed. Was it even better than NYC pizza? Was it deserving of all the hype from Oprah and Diane Sawyer? Did it deserve to have up to 3 hour waits? Answer: No. As a New Yorker who has tried many of the old greats (Grimaldi's, Lombardi's, John's, Joe's, etc.), and even some of the newer ones (Pulino's), the answer was a definite No. And my goodness man who wrote the review in the New York Times, were you really being honest or did you just have a connection? That said, for Arizona, it was definitely fantastic. In fact, for the nation, it definitely falls into my top 10 pizza places within the U.S. Will I be back? Most likely not. I have my fill of NY pizza when I'm actually in NY, and I can't seem to swallow paying $18 for a pie that I could honestly finish myself on a good day. Will you regret it if you visit Pizzeria Bianco? I'd say almost definitely not.
4	Not exactly worth the wait, but I may have a bias seeing as I'm a New York native, where the pizza is authentic, cheap, and unbeatable.
5	My favorite pizza in the whole world.I've eaten pizza all over the world, and there are a handful of places that come close to Pizzeria Bianco, but nothing exceeds it.YES, the wait is horrendous.  I honestly think that's part of the charm though; the anticipation makes the pizza a little bit better.It's a competitive field.  Would Ken's Artisan Pizza taste as good if you had to wait two hours for a pie?  Maybe.Go here if you're prepared to wait a looooooong time for a pizza that is without peer.  If you're visiting from out of town, it's an experience you will not forget.
5	It's simple. Some people know what they are doing and do it great. These guys nail it. Great environment, beautiful place, warm, romantic, homey. The food is also reasonably priced and delicious. The staff go above and beyond to be personable and professional. We will be back for sure. Looking forward to it.
5	Of course , I've heard the hype and was skeptical. If one more AZ native tells me where the "best pizza in Phoenix" is and mentions a chain!!I take my  pizza seriously, I'm an east coaster with a brick oven fetish. I've been to Pane Bianco for lunch and loved the sandwiches , so I should love the pizza. Right? I was concerned about the wait since I have no patience and waiting hours for a pie is Craazzzy! So I leave work early on a Wednesday and grab the hubby and headed downtown. The valet was close & easy. I walked into the restaurant and score 2 open chairs at the bar! We sat immediately and ordered drinks. My husband got a microbrew ( ok 2 ... )and me the DD a coke. We ordered the wise guy , which everyone was ordering , just check out the reviews and the Bianconverde. The latter doesn't come w tomato sauce , so we asked for extra tomato sauce with the ricotta , mozzarella , Parmesan & arugula pie. I  recommend trying this combo! it was amazing!! I can't eat a pizza without ricotta cheese now! The brick oven is in the middle of this tiny family style restaurant , so you can watch them make your pie. I loved the atmosphere and talking to others at the bar. No Scottsdale pretentiousness here.I left full( we did eat 2 pizzas) and missing home. This place is the equivalent of Stella's Pizzeria at 3rd & Lombard in Philly. Honestly, I never thought I'd find a good pizza let alone a fab brick oven pie in Phoenix , yes Phoenix! I guess the gods have been with me , since I've never waited for a table.
5	I've tried to go here like 3 or 4 times and its always been far too busy and tooooo long of a wait. Went in for lunch today and got a seat right away. We ordered a WISEGUY- Wood-Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage. WOW! Loved it. The dough they make for the pizzas is something I've never had before and I lived in NY for quite a while. My wife was a bit disappointed as it didn't have red sauce on it and she wasn't aware of it when we ordered. So we ordered the Sonny Boy to go for dinner tonight. My only negatives (not enough to ding a star rating) were that I'm diabetic and ordered a cappuccino and they don't offer sweetener...only Sugar in the Raw. I understand "keeping it real" but it kinda sucks for people like me. I hate being forced to pay for parking too (Parked 30 feet from entrance)...just the way I am. Regardless, this was rock-star pizza!
5	Not much else to say that hasn't been said already by the 800 some odd other reviewers - looks like I'm late to the party here!  I was introduced to the Pizzeria back in oh, 1995 or so when one of my co-workers mentioned something about this little pizza joint that was getting rave reviews in the NY Times or something like that and he had to find it and try it for himself, so a group of about 10 of us went searching for it for dinner that night.  It took us awhile to find it as it wasn't nearly as famous back then as it is now, and GPS and cell phones weren't invented yet so we had to rely on paper maps and phone booths (I know, some of you younger folks are scratching your head and saying what's that?).  What we found was a very small place with a bar and wood fired oven, and a very long wait.  I was skeptical of course, I mean, how good could something as simple as a pizza be to be worthy of an hour wait?  Well, I was pleasantly surprised and to this day it's the best pizza I've ever had.  As others have mentioned don't expect the usual pizza fare here, although in this day and age the ingredients aren't nearly as unique and surprising as they were to us 18 years ago!   I think we got at least one of each of their pizzas as it was a fairly limited selection.  The thin crust pizza from a wood fired oven, smokey mozzarella and fresh mushrooms and veggies, fennel sausages on an olive based pie with no tomato sauce was just awesome and nothing like I'd tasted before.  I recall we ordered an insalata caprese which at the time I'd never heard of, and it's since become one of my favorite salads to make.I haven't had the chance to get back there in a few years but the Pizzeria Bianco is definitely on my list of places to visit when I'm back in the area.  I see the owner has opened some other restaurants in Phoenix now so I suppose those will be on my list to try too!
4	Not familiar with authentic pizza, but based on what I was told this is good shit. My toes curled for the thin crust and fresh ingredients. The crust reminded me on Nan bread.
4	I'll be honest, I'm not quite sure this place is all it's hyped up to be. I mean, it's definitely fresh and good but I'm glad I didn't have to wait too long to get in. I have had better pizza before. for sure.We were quoted a 45 minute to hour wait. No problem, we chilled at the bar next door and played a make shift game of chess. Just as I was about to stomp my brother's king we were called in. It hadn't even been ten minutes. What luck!The place was swamped and the staff was clearly working very hard. For that reason we lost a little bit of the personal touch. I hate when I ask for something and it feels like I'm a burden. Still, they were very efficient. We shared a small salad and the margherita pizza. I very much wish we had had one of the more unique options but Davis doesn't like white pizza. Ahwell. The food came out in a reasonable time and we dug in. It was not a cheap pizza. It was about sixteen dollars for one a little bigger than a plate. But it was clearly very fresh ingredients. And very thin but good crust. The salad was uninspired. It was only lettuce and a few olives tossed in dressing. Yes, the pizza is good but I really wouldn't wait very long for it. And I don't have a problem waiting for food at all! This one just wasn't very fulfilling.
4	Good pizza, fresh ingredients, LONG WAIT!!!!!!!! In a town with as many good restaurants as phx, I have a hard time justifying the 'hr long' wait this place usually has. My impatience is the only thing holding me back from giving it 5 stars.
4	Decided to come here based on a recommendation from a friend since all i had eaten while visiting the phoenix/scottsdale area was chain restaurant after chain restaurant.Pizzeria bianco has thin crust pizza prepared in an old school brick oven. The waitstaff is friendly and you can tell that this place is definitely popular among the locals given that it was busy even at 2pm on a wednesday afternoon. The menu isn't extremely large, but it's the quality of the ingredients that count in this case.Tried out the "Sonny Boy" and the "Wise Guy" pizzas and both tasted pretty good while coming straight out from the oven. This is NOT your typical pizza spot with supreme pizzas, but a place you go to enjoy the creativity and the craftmanship of someone's idea!Note: Valet parking costs about $3
5	After reading about it's opening so many years ago, and then watching bit by bit as Bianco received accolades as some of the best pizza in the country, I FINALLY was in the area of business with an meal time to spare... Okay, so I lied.  I flew in purposely a bit early, so I could have a friend pick me up and grab lunch with me here.  (To be fair some of my other coworkers were on the plane with me, so it was probably a good call).So we stuffed ourselves on three pizzas:Sonny Boy - Enjoyable pizza, and I kept thinking that my wife would've loved thsi since they used olives.  But for those that aren't olive fans, fear not, the flavor of the olives is somewhat muted likely thanks to the heat of the oven and combines well with the saltiness of the salami.  Tasty combination, but not a clear winner...Rosa - Chris Bianco's personal creation and contribution to the world of pizza, the pistachio, red onion, rosemary, parmesan pizza is quite simply... spectacular.  While it sounds odd, the way the pistachios roast with the oil on the pizza, combined with a slight bight of the red onion and a rosemary/parmesan flavor to smooth things out.  This really is a spectacular pizza, and our favorite of the three.  For those that like your crust a bit stiff, this is pretty ideal as well, as you don't have the fresh mozz and sauce pushing on the thin crust to make it soggy.  Seriously, get this pizza...Margherita - We ended on a margherita, and as many margheriitas, it's phenomenal for the first few minutes straight out of the oven.  The primary issue with Neapolitan style pizza is that it's crisp/firm right upon exit, and within 4 minutes or so, the middle will soak the sauce/moisture from the pizza, and become soggy surely but steadily... all the while, the flavors of the basil/mozz begin to meld better with the sauce.  That being said, this was still a great pizza, and being able to taste the difference from the first slice to the last slice is eye opening in terms of understanding how the ingredients play together over time.  A classic that worth getting.Verdict:  Bianco lives up to my years of waiting.  Is it the best pizza in the US?  I don't know if it deserves that designation necessarily... is it one of the best pizzas I've had in the states so far?  Absolutely.  My only regret is not having enough stomach to try one of every pizza on the menu... Will be back whenever I can make it!
4	Loved this place!  Definitely lived up to the hype.  It's a really cute restaurant in a nice neighborhood and it fills up fast.  We got there at 11 AM on Monday for lunch and had no trouble getting a table, but by the time we left, there was a 20 minute wait.  The waiter was kind enough to let us do 1/2 and 1/2 with our pizza so we went with 1/2 Margherita and 1/2 arugula white pizza.  My dining companion does not like arugula, so we ordered it just as a white pizza.  The margherita was good but not the best I have had, but the white pizza was amazing.  Such delicious parmesan flavor.  I am sure it would have been even better with the arugula.  I would definitely return!
5	Delicious wood fired pizza. The variety is not great, but the two pizzas we had were incredible, especially the crust. We ordered the Margherita and the Wise Guy. My only complaint is that we didn't order enough! We went about 2:00pm on a Tuesday and did not have to wait at all. I am not sure this place would be worth waiting for, so go during the off peak times. The service was ok, but not fabulous. As empty as it was, you would think it would have been impeccable. We had to get up and ask someone for crushed red pepper because nobody stopped by the table.
1	Rude. Impersonal. Rude. Snooty. Keeping bar seats "saved" at 7:30 pm on a Monday night. Uncool. I won't be back. You aren't that cool. Ever. Only putting one star because I must. Awful. Only has business because of where they are located. About all there is around.
1	Incredibly rude hostess, she gave our table away to another group as we were about to be seated because she said they were regulars!  Are you kidding me?  After waiting an hour.The pizza is over rated to say the least.  It was like melted cheese on a burnt cracker.
5	Love the pizza, but not the wait. However, its worth it!
3	Pizzeria Bianco - 3.5 STARSAs one of Phoenix's popular restaurants, I had to check out Pizzeria Bianco and see what the fuss was all about!Known for their thin crust pizza and long hour waiting period to dine here (minus a star), I came one Friday evening with the parentals. Parking was very limited. You either valet or head across the street by an underground garage parking (which can be validated 1 hour off from Pizzeria Bianco). We ended up paying $7 after validation from our 3 hour stay within the vicinity.As I walked in, the hostess greeted me and took my name and party #. She mentioned the wait would probably be about 1 hour and 30-45 minutes. After expecting a 2 hour wait time, she recommended to head next door in their waiting lobby which also has a bar and offers small snacks. We had a bottle of wine and insalata dish.After waiting for a little over an hour, we were summoned by our waitress at their waiting lobby area. We were able to transfer our food and drinks next door. The venue is very cozy, dim lit and rustic. About 35-40% of the room is taken up by their kitchen/bar, while the rest of the area is full of tables for diners. Since it's a small area, it can also be quite loud and difficult to hear a conversation.We were kindly greeted by our waiter, who was able to answer all of our questions and recommended items on the menu that was quite popular amongst the diners and himself. For service, we were well taken care of! (**4 STARS**)PIZZA(1) Wiseguy - white sauce + wood-roasted onions + smoked mozzarella + fennel sausage ($16, **4 STARS**) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=jrKhKKY7kA4-XGVZlebRSw#jrKhKKY7kA4-XGVZlebRSw(2) Margherita - tomato sauce + mozzarella + basil ($13, **3 STARS**) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=jrKhKKY7kA4-XGVZlebRSw#SCMwOnc_HI5y8j35kMutGAOVERALL THOUGHTSI think Pizzeria Bianco is a decent place for some thin crust pizza, but it was NOT worth waiting that long. You pretty much waited 2 hours, but once seated, your pizza comes in like 5 minutes. The pizza wasn't bad at all, nor was the best I've ever had. Consider it satisfying if you were to dine here, but was not memorable. I do love the fact that it is home made and the products used to generate their pizza pies are of substantial quality and of local products, but I have had better pizza in Portland and San Diego who play the same game.Is it worth visiting if you're in the area? Yes, if you want to say you've been here.Is it the best pizza you'll have? NoI hope that helps you out if you choose to dine here.Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #44
4	Given the long reported wait times, my friend and I showed up a about an hour after it opened and were given a 45min - 1h estimate.  We killed some time at the wine bar next door (owned by the same peeps, of course) until our table was available.  The pizza is really good - but it is equally good at my local pizza place without the extended wait times.  I think the waits are improved since they opened for lunch, but it isn't special enough to wait for more than an hour.  The staff was pretty good at managing the traffic and were always friendly despite their busy working environment.
3	The pizza was solid but not rave worthy.  The location is nice.  Split a Sonny Boy and a salad with coworker, was perfect amount to eat for lunch.  It cost $40ish for that and two sodas.  The sausage on the Sonny Boy is good and the cheese and sauce are good but I can't figure out why everyone is so amped up about this place.   Humble Pie is a little better in my opinion.  I would like to try this place again during the evening.
4	I am a little late on the review... In Dec the Hubby and I went for a meal before a special date.  The setting was super cool, I love the brick and the dim lights.  We were sat right when we arrived.  Our pizzas came fast as well, and they were very good.  We would go back for sure.
5	Found this place on Best of Phoenix and noticed the wealth of amazing reviews, which put this to the top of my list to check out.  I went on a Tuesday at around 8ish which seemed like a good time to come because I heard the wait is ridiculous and sometimes the line is out the door around the corner.  Parking was limited but it was only a $3 valet charge.  When I got there the wait was about 25-30 minutes, but they directed me to their bar, Bar Bianco next door while I waited.  Smooth move because while I enjoyed the local ale and chit chatted with the bartender, my wait was over quickly.  Since I was flying solo that night I got seated pretty fast at the bar located at the pizzeria.  Ordered the Rosa which was topped with Red Onion, Parmesan, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios...a delicious combo :)  The guy next to me also had the right idea also and the place was recommended by his foodie boss.  He offered me a slice of his Margherita pizza.  As tempting and amazing as it looked, I had to sadly decline.  Now I wish I took a bite! Don't let the wait discourage you.  A must try place.  Maybe not THE BEST pizzeria, but it's pretty good :)
5	Great pizza, and great service. We came here during a weekday and had to wait for half an hour. In the meantime we could already get a drink in their next door bar. There is a lot to choose from on the menu, but their WiseGuy was worth the try. For this great of a pizza it's a bargain, I heard rumors of 2 hour waiting in line, I'm lucky that this wasn't the case for me.If I would would be a local, I would get back every week.
2	After hearing so much about Bianco I was excited to finally give it a try for a friend's birthday. We arrive to an hour and a half wait (which we expected with 5 people) and enjoyed some drinks in the bar next door as we waited. The bartender was excellent and the atmosphere was great which was really the highlight of the visit.When we sat down I was surprised at how small the dining room is, but I guess it explains the continual waiting list. A small room isn't a problem unless you pack too many table in so that there is no room for your server to do his job without continually bumping your chair/elbow/table/head, which is exactly the case here. Our server was very attentive and nice but he just didn't have enough space to properly serve the table. We ordered salads and some pizzas to share and the salads were very salty. Quite strange to have a salad with that much salt, and I've never experienced it at another restaurant. The pizzas were all very underwhelming too. Don't get me wrong, they weren't bad, just average. I had much better pizza a few blocks to the west although I don't remember the name of the place. All-in-all the experience was a disappointment and I don't see myself returning any time soon.
4	On our way through Phoenix last week, I had to try the "best pizza in the country" at Pizzeria Bianco. For Arizona (and the west coast in general), I was quite impressed. However, my true standard is: if this place were in New Haven, New York, or Naples, would I ever go? Unfortunately, my answer is "no."Why not?1. I love thin crust pizza, but for me, this was a little too thin. I enjoy a little chew in the crust; my pizza was more cracker-like.2. I wish there were more varieties of pizza on the menu.On the plus side, the sauce might be my favorite pizza sauce ever. Since we'll be living down the road in Tucson in a few months, I'm sure that I'll be back to Pizzeria Bianco soon.
3	This place is good, very good, but it was overhyped for me.  I have seen them on several "Best of" lists, and was excited to finally get a chance to try them when working in Phoenix.  The pizza is classic Neopolitan and very good as they were one of the first ones to offer this style since 1994, so I give them great props for that.  There are just now so many others offering similar styled pizza with unique and more flavorful crust offerings.  If I hadn't been to so many other places (see my pizza list), I would probably give them 4 stars.I came on a Tuesday night when there were no sporting events nearby, so it wasn't too crowded, which was nice.  The parking is a little strange as when you turn into the street directed by your GPS, it dead-ends into the park near the restaurant.  Fortunately they have a valet guy that will take your car for a reasonable cost of $3.I tried the margherita pizza with sausage and it was flavorful, and the crust was nice and chewy.  I was disappointed that they only offered one of the Four Pointe brews on tap in the restaurant (the lighter one), but the Bar Bianco next door had at least four drafts.  Tip to remember for next time is to go next door to order your beer and then bring it in (I think they allow that since they are same ownership.
3	Wow... really?  This is the best in America?  I don't think so.  I like the fact that they are open during the week at lunch.  I've read too many reviews about people waiting 1-2 hours.  After eating here I must ask, are you nuts?  The pizza is good but it certainly isn't 1-2 hour wait good.  The dining area is a little too small for my liking and I think it's pathetic that you have to pay them to park.  We ordered a Margharita and a Sonny Boy.  Both pizzas were delicious but I couldn't believe how overhyped this place is.  If you are looking for good pizza, then go.  This place has good pizza.  The best?  Nah.
3	If you live in Phoenix, you should go there at least once, but is it the best in America?  Probably not-though it may be one of the top 2 in Phoenix.  What they provide is a very good Brick oven pizza, though I have had better at other locations without the 2 hour wait.  Maybe I was expecting more after waiting for 2 hours, but the pizza wasn't mind blowing, just very good.  I would have settled for a decent pizza and a shorter wait time.
3	I was expecting a lot more based on all the hype this place gets. We got the Margarita and the Wise Guy, the latter was very bland, I think it could have been better with red sauce. The food was fresh tasting and the salads were tasty. The building is very cool and rustic, we were expecting a long wait but got in within 5 minutes. In short, the pizza was ok but I wouldnt drive out of my way to eat here again.
2	We were in Phoenix for the weekend and decided to try out "The Best Pizza in America". Honestly, it's all hype. The pizza taste just like any other wood burned pizza joint. I did notice, they closed the oven door more than normal, which enhanced the smoked flavor, a bit too smokey for my taste. I thought it was ridiculous that you had to pay for parking and since EVERYONE must wait for a table, they send you next door to they're wine bar. Very sneaky. Pizza was average, nothing to rave about, very disappointed.
4	I keep hearing about this place and finally on a Thursday afternoon, my coworkers and I made the trek downtown. We got there around 11:30 am so it only took us a wait time of 15 minutes to get a table (I heard the wait is usually hours). Anyways we ordered the "Sunny Boy" pizza and the White Pizza (forgot the name). The pizza was delicious, I'll admit that, but it was rather small for the price. Also, it seemed as if everyone got bread and oil and we had to ask our waiter for that instead of him bringing it to us. Also, they don't validate parking, they have a small lot where they have valet, but we ended up parking at a meter.
4	I've been wanting to try this place FOREVER! Especially because I'm on a quest to find good pizza in Arizona! So we finally made the trip to downtown Phoenix. We put out name in and was told it would be about a 90 minute wait, and told the building next door was the place for drinks and appetizers while we wait. The building itself was great, as I love the old houses that have been saved. Forgive me inaccuracy; I believe we were told it was built around 1909, relocated to this spot and restored. Nicely decorated with period furniture; great ambiance. Ordered a wine and beer and an antipasti plate. The grilled vegetables were good, although I don't know that I would have ordered it if I knew there were parsnips and brussel sprouts. It truly was about 90 minutes before we were told they found a spot for us.  The pizza was great. Simple, fresh ingredients. One pizza was enough for us after the antipasti. I think you'll find that the reason for the long wait is due to the small main building and the love and care put into the baking in the wood burning ovens. It was an enjoyable evening. Curiosity satisfied
4	The simplicity is awesome here.  Simple woods, an open kitchen.  I saw Chris there, but I wish he were at the oven.  The execution was excellent and the freshness of ingredients was apparent.  It lived up to the hype, but I dont think I can call it Americas best pizza.  It was very good, their bread was awesome.  Their crust was perfect.  I really liked the Biancoverde and the Wiseguy was too, however I dont love Scamorza....so I should have ordered another cheese. When you go during the day it is not crowded.  Definitely some amazing pie....and I was happy to check the box on my quest for Napoletana style pizza
4	Once upon a time, Yahoo decided to take a break from their usual stories about the top ten uses for mustard, or celeb fashion faux pas, and wrote about the best pizza places in the US.  Pizzeria Bianco was on that list.  Since I was in Phoenix, and staying two blocks away, I had to try.  From what I was told by fellow diners, the wait can be as long as three hours.  I can see why.  Not only do they now have national fame because they are featured in many publications, but locals actually like this place.  Good thing I came late enough to enjoy some pizza before they closed, but I also made it just in time before the Diamondbacks game let out.  Which brings up a good point, if you want to try this place, avoid Dback games nights.  Being right next door to the stadium, Bianco is at ground zero.  The pizza I ordered was the Biancoverde, aka rabbit food pizza.  No tomato sauce, just cheese and various greens like arugula and spinach.  Quite tasty I might say.  So much so, that I had the Marghartia and the Sonny Boy.  You see what I did was sit at the bar, and traded slices with people sitting next to me.  We all got a good variety.
3	Very cool location.  Pizza was good, but not as great as I was expecting.
5	I finally made it to the Mecca of pizza....I have been a pizza nut for a while.  I have been makin pizza and italian food professionally for 15 years and I have always wanted to try this place.  I loved the simplicity of the menu and freshness of the ingredients.  The bread was nice.  We got several pizzas and I can't say I had a favorite! Maybe the pistachio...or maybe the sausage one....well the margherita was also really good.......!!
5	I've been here a few times now since its close to where I live and I've tried most of the pizzas here multiple times. My thoughts? Skip the Rosa. The parmigiano is way too overwhelming (unless you're into that...then by all means). The Wise Guy is alright but a little too greasy for my tastes. The margherita is solid and my friends rave about the sonny boy (I don't like olives).  But my goodness that biancoverde. That's the one I think about when someone mentions Bianco and the one I go back for every time. The fresh arugula pairs so well with the cheeses and it's so well balanced. You can tell the ingredients are top notch and the crust is just icing on the cake. It is simply incredible.On the flip side, I would avoid coming here around noon and dinner time since the wait times are outrageous around then. Personally I don't think it's worth waiting over an hour for. Is the pizza good? Absolutely. Is it life-changing? No. As many have noted, it's just pizza.  Still, it's worth planning ahead for and trying out. You won't be disappointed.
3	The quality of the pizza was not worth the long...almost 2 hour wait. Over rated in my book.  There are many other good pizza places around.
3	On a vacation to Phoenix to visit my girlfriend's family, a friend said I had to check this place out, likely after he saw it on some Best Pizza list. First off, it's in a rather difficult to get to spot.  It's on a pedestrian walkway near the Arizona Science Center... I could have sworn it was on some sort of campus, but whatever it is, it's blocked off from street traffic.  My girlfriend and I had to look for parking for about 20 minutes, and walked 4 blocks at 1pm on a Tuesday, which I thought was kind of absurd.  Not necessarily the restaurant's fault, just saying. So... yes, this is a traditional wood-fired pizza place, close to actual Italian pizza, and not the thick chewy Americanized dough many of us are used to.  What that will mean is, thin pizza, possibly burned in patches on the bottom, little cheese, little toppings, and small selection of ingredients.  From what I can remember, the menu is almost entirely their 5 different styles of pizza, and 3 or 4 salads and a few other appetizers.   There was complimentary bread and olive oil, which was crusty and tasty. My date and I ordered a caprese salad and the margherita pizza, which was a mistake on our part because the margherita is basically just the same ingredients as the caprese salad on top of bread, and cooked, so our meal was a little redundant. It wasn't bad, but nothing I would write home about. Depending on your personal taste, this could be a plus or minus.  It's a small room, with what little seating there is set very closed together.  We could hear the entire conversation of the couples on either side of us.  Service dragged a little, and our waters were only filled once our pizza came out.  We were in a hurry to catch a flight, and they obliged us by bringing our check and a to-go box out in a timely fashion, so I suppose I'll give them points for that. All in all, very "meh" and comparable to any other brick oven type pizza place.
2	Overrated.I moved to AZ about two years ago and the one place all of my new coworkers told me I absolutely had to try was Pizzeria Bianco. After reading about it's rich history and lines that make people wait upwards of 3 hours for, I thought there had to be something of this legend and gave it a shot. My fiancee seemed more excited than I was because (as she constantly claims) she is a pizza fanatic with marinara sauce pumping through her veins.We made the journey out about half an hour before they opened to ensure we wouldn't have to wait the customary amount of time and wasn't surprised to see a line of about fifteen more arrive soon after. We were the first to order and chose the WiseGuy pizza (onions, mozzarella, and sausage).The first thing I noticed that seemed a little off putting was that there didn't seem to be a chef handling the pizza but a couple of simple line cooks. I played it off thinking it didn't matter much because how hard is it really to make a a pizza? The ingredients and recipe were going to be the stars of the show.Even though we were the first to order we waited approximately thirty minutes before the pizza arrived. Again, I didn't think much of it at the time because in my mind, pizza of this legendary caliber was worth waiting for.Once it finally arrived, we couldn't wait to dive in but I gave it a few moments to lessen the blow of any potential cheese burns seeing as it came fresh from the oven. My first bite was completely underwhelming. This pizza didn't have any flavor at all. The dough itself was very pleasing with a nice blend crispy and chewy textures but the cheese, onions, and sausage tasted of nothing. I never thought pizza could taste so bland. My fiancee shared the same sentiments. I thought she was joking at first and maybe I was being a little too critical but after one slice we stopped, paid our bill, and walked out of there.I've never seen a place hyped so much that went completely in the opposite direction. There are much better places in AZ to get a great slice of pizza but for my money, Pizzeria Bianco isn't worth the time or effort.
4	After many years of seeing all the press about the elite status this Promised Land of Pizza carries throughout the culinary world, I was finally able to duck in.  After years of anticipation I had a margherita and it was wonderful:  Freshly-made sauce, great crust charred just so and quality, fresh mozzarella.  But was it stratospheric?  Sadly, no.  Pizzafarro's in my hometown of Carefree is just as wonderful to my palate and who has heard of them?
5	I will admit, I have always been a detractor.  The moment someone labels something "Best (whatever) in (wherever)!" my immediate reaction is to think there is a giant media conspiracy afoot to trick all the gullible peons into thinking they're onto something really special.So you can imagine my disappointment when, over a year ago, I finally got the chance to try this place, and found it to be...good?  OK, I still didn't think "Best in America!!!" was warranted, and I didn't think it was worth the 2-3 hour wait to eat dinner at a reasonably early hour, but the meal was clearly enjoyable.Fast forward a year.  We're driving around town on a noble quest to locate the best pizza in Phoenix, and we decided we ought to try Bianco again, just as a yardstick.  Now I have had some of the most highly rated pies this fair metropolis has to offer: I've had different crusts, different toppings, different sauces, and I'm starting to notice the little things that make the difference between a good pie and a mediocre one.Going into Bianco with this perspective yielded a whole different outcome.  I can no longer deny it: Pizzeria Bianco makes an incredibly good pizza.  The little things were all there: the crust was perfect, the sauce was fresh and flavorful, the ingredients were high quality.  The toppings were simple, yet sublime.  This time I had the Sonny Boy, which has nothing more than tomato sauce, mozzarella, salami, and olives.  A very unassuming mix of toppings indeed, and one in which the flavors worked together in perfect harmony to placate my tastebuds in the most authoritative manner imaginable.No, it wasn't my favorite pie ever.  But it may have been the most well-constructed, and finessed.  In fact, I don't even know if I can say Pizzeria Bianco is my favorite pizza place.  I have had a few pies I liked better than the one I had at Bianco, but this one may have been the most technically sound, if that makes any sense.So there you have it.  As much as it pains me to admit it, this place deserves its reputation.  One friend complained that they are too pretentious: I think they've earned the right to be a little bit pretentious.  If you're not too concerned about the details, you may not find this place to be that special.  But if you don't at least enjoy your pie, there is probably something wrong with you.I don't know if Bianco will always be this good, since they're opening up other locations now, and when that happens, quality can suffer.  Let's hope for the best.
4	Great pizza but not something I would need to wait hours for.  We had a fun day drinking wine while we waited but I think most of this hype was Oprah driven.  I might say that it is slightly better than Grimaldi's, but it is nothing like pizza in Rome or Naples.  I think like a lot of things, it's the local ingredients that work so well in certain places (like bagels in NY, etc...)  I still think it's a fun experience and I'm happy this exists in Arizona.
3	This place is OK. It certainly isn't all it's hyped up to be. Best pie I ever ate? Not even close. However, take this review with a grain of salt, because pizza is not my thing. I picked this place for my husband, who is a pizza fanatic. Even he wasn't impressed. It was good, but unimpressive. We ordered the house special salad, which was tangerines and citrus dressing, and the caprese salad. Hubby wrinkled his nose up at the tangerine salad, so I took it and gave him the caprese, which I wasn't enjoying because the tomatoes were not ripe at all, they were hard and flavorless. We got one pizza to share, half Sonny Boy and half Wise Guy. It was okay, but nothing special. On a positive note, the olive oil served with the bread is awesome, and the guy behind the bar, David, couldn't have been nicer or given better service. We enjoyed our meal because the place is cool and hip and service was great, but not sure why all the hype about the pizza.
5	This is located in Heritage Square, 1 block from the Convention Center.  What a fantastic setting- the pizzeria is located next to the bar/cafe, which looked like a converted house with live music playing on the front porch.  There were beautiful white lights strung across the lawn and cute picnic bench seating for people wanting to wait.  Pizza/food is served only inside.  Fun, interesting flavors, like red onion with crushed Arizona pistachios- delicious!!
5	The best!  I haven't been there in years and the last time we went it was a 3.5 hour wait but so worth it!  Great for a date if you want to get to know someone waiting in line so long.  My advice is to arrive at 330pm so that way you can be one of the first in line and eat with the first seating at 5pm.
4	Great Pizza, not the best wait times.
5	Wise Guy is all you have to say. The local sausage and hand made smoked mozzarella make this white pizza the best you will ever taste. We have been visiting this landmark eatery for over a decade. We have waited up to 4 hours many time just to get a seat but a little over a year ago they opened earlier so the wait now is only 1-2 hours. If you have never been there, GO There!
4	Beautiful, thin crust artisan pizza! Super cute restaurant - tiny. We went for lunch so didn't have to wait at all, but I can see it getting VERY crowded.
5	as good as gets for pizza... super long waits that are well worth it get some appetizer and drinks next door.
5	Oh my gosh. I die for this pizza. It's beyond AMAZING!!!
4	came in skeptical because of all the hype surrounding this place.  I only tried a couple of pizzas but they were outstanding.  the crust is far and away the best I've ever had.  I would prefer a little more flavor in my tomato sauce (some parmigiano or good salt) but that's a small criticism.  I would have also liked a choice to have a hot Italian sausage rather than only having the mild on the menu.  the three cheese with arugula pizza was excellent.  the prices are high but considering the size of the space I understand it.
5	We have lived in Phoenix almost 8 years and been dying to try Bianco's but wait is always way too long.  Recently went to newly opened location and got in within an hour only because we wanted to sit inside (heating up in the valley).  Seating is limited so once it gets really hot, I suspect the wait might get a little longer.OK the food: appetizer free because of the wait, nice touch, we had the anti-pasto which was not at all what we expected yet thouroughly delightful. Fresh beets, baby carrots, cheese, Sopprosetta, and fennel - very flavorful.  Pizza was good, the crust is really what makes it great, toppings were ok, my daughter prefers traditional pepperoni and sausage to the local schreiners sausage and supressetta (don't know how to spell).  Flourless chocolate cake with vanilla bean cream was an excellent end to a great meal.  This will probably not be a frequently visited restaurant due to the wait times but we will definately come back sooner than eight years.
5	If you only have the chance to eat here once, don't be tempted to try something new.....just grab the margarita, sit back and enjoy pizza perfection.P.S.  The latte and home made biscotti are pretty darn good too
5	Love the food; awesome bread.
2	Bianco, Oh Bianco I had really high hopes for you.      I can't say I didn't like it, but I will say I don't love it, nor do I plan on ever going back. I honestly don't understand what all the hype is about. Bianco lacks customer service, size and comfort. The menu is limited and additions seem too costly for such small portions.      Needless to say, we ordered one pizza and that came down to exactly two slices each. Which still left us with traces of hunger after consuming the margherita with added sausage and mushrooms. To top it all off we felt like it lacked a certain kick, it was just too simple. A pizza too simple? Yeah, I'm not kidding.The service was sub-par, with a ditsy girl sitting us down and then a server that after taking our order, and bringing it over, was nowhere to be found after, we even had to ask a different server to bring us additional drinks.     Finally, the size, this place is cute but tiny, it gets uncomfortably busy and tight inside. I'm okay with closeness and all, but this was just too much that the table next to us kept dropping into our conversation. All we wanted was to enjoy our food and time there. Overall, It was a rather strange and unexpected experience .      Thankfully, we had The Rose and Crown a few steps away to unwind after such experience!!                                                           -See ya never Bianco.
5	First date with my long time boyfriend was here. After Suns game, next to Steve Nash celebrating his birthday. Excellent pizza and atmosphere.
5	Went on a Thursday afternoon at 12:30 and had 0 minute wait, just sat down and had pizza.aaaand Amazing pizza at that -Wise Guy and the classic Margharita was my favorite of the offered pies - and yes I tried them all. Crust was crispy and light. Toppings were just the right proportion for my taste. It is the best pizza I have had in the southwest for sure -
5	A nationally esteemed wood fired pizzeria in the heart of downtown Phoenix, this is the best pizza west of the Mississippi.Forget all the fuss you've heard about extended wait times and long lines, blah blah blah.  Waiting here for a table is half the fun, so get your name on the list and chill out.  I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but if you don't want to wait for dinner, go at lunch.  We usually show up at 11:15 or 11:30 and wait no more that 15-20 minutes for a table. The pizza perfect in every way, starting with the ridiculously crispy/soft/slighty-chewy/thin crust to the perfect blend of minimal toppings that compliment each other more than new couples in puppy love. The Biancoverde is my all time fav, but you must try the Rosa which is this amazing mix of red onion, parmigiana and pistachios...unbelievable. Remember...don't hate...appreciate (that you have one of the best pizza joints in the world right in your backyard)
4	We went right when it opened for lunch and were immediately seated. Within 10 minutes, the place was already 90% full, so I'm glad we got there before it opened!The pizza is good and service was friendly. They made a small mistake with my order so they gave my pizza was on the house. Even though it wasn't exactly what I ordered it was still really good! I would come back again
3	Pizzeria Bianco was good. The atmosphere is fun and the food is decent!.....However, it is certainly NOT the "best in the country". The menu is HIGHLY limited and the service is average. ( they were bussing our table before we were finished and took my plate WHILE I was eating). We live in Chicago and have been in the pizza business for over 20 years, so I suppose we were expecting more. The crust was soggy but the ingredients were fresh, which was good. My 9 dollar glass of wine was okay, but not worth the money. Also, if your child likes juice or chocolate milk, they have none. Just coke, coke light (not diet), iced tea and sprite. I would never go there and wait 1 or 2 hours. In an area that is in desperate need for good pizza, I guess this is a winner. However, we will not return. It is also VERY pricy for what they have to offer.
1	Will not go back. Pizza was not great, service was weird, and everything was WAY too expensive. Only reason we ended up here is because it was 4pm and Cibo didn't open until 5pm. Go to Cibo or Federal instead.
5	Had to check out Bianco prior to moving away from Phoenix. It was as good as advertised. Wait time wasn't too bad. Go for a few drinks at the bar next door and your time will fly by.  Biancoverde, Wiseguy, Rosa and Margherita pizzas were shared amongst friends. By unanimous decision, Margherita was the top choice. It was clean and balanced. I would definitely order it many times over.Tip: Add prosciutto americano onto the Margherita pizza and feel the flavor explode in your mouth. Your taste buds will thank you.
5	Have known Chris Bianco for many years.  One thing never changes and that is his focus on details and only using the best products available.
1	Let me begin by saying that this restaurant makes a wonderful pizza made with fresh ingredients. The reason why I gave it one star is due to the service, specifically the hostessI decided to bring my family to this restaurant since I had been there before and I wanted to share the great experience I had two years ago. We walked in, and I was told it would be a 30-40 minute wait, which was ok since I knew it was popular. What it turned out to be was an hour wait while watching other parties that came later being seated. My mother attempted to ask politely what was the problem, and the front person said that she had told me that we would be seated in an hour. I kept on seeing other parties, regardless of size, coming in and being seated before us. When no one else could be seated and we could visibly see from outside that there were openings, we were finally seated. It almost felt like discrimination since everyone else was Caucasian and my family is Chinese. Any Caucasian party that went it was seated almost immediately. Why did we stay? Because it would have felt like losing if we had left. When we finally ate, the servers were good while that hostess avoid my table like a plague and would refill other people's water but ours.The food was excellent. We ordered the following:Tomato mozzarella salad: thick slices of tomato and mozzarella drenched on olive oil and basil. An excellent starterSpiedini: skewers of hot prosciutto wrapped around Italian fontina cheese over a bed of arugula. We wished there was one more to savor!Marinara - excellent thin crust with a nice light tomato sauce. Only gripe is I wish there was more basilBiancoverde - excellent white pizza with argula. A very good and refreshing pizzaWiseguy: white pizza with sausage and onions, the favorite of the meal. One thing I wished I did was add mushrooms.Like I said, excellent food, poor hostess that ruined the meal for us. We tipped still because the service was good (except when we asked to see the manager). I was happy to eat the food, but I'll never go back.
4	Just fantastic. The lobster bisque soup could have been a meal all unto itself.The BBQ pork sandwich was phenomenal.But the secret behind this place is its employees. They're fast, efficient, and always on task. They scurry around as if their workplace was a hive. I'll definately be back.
4	I was in town for the Phoenix Comic Con and this was nearby and highly rated so I thought I'd give it a try.  For the most part, I was not disappointed.I had a Sprite and the Sonny Boy.  The Sprite is the Mexican kind in the bottle made with real sugar and was a pleasant surprise.  Watching the bartender fill up the glass for it by sticking said glass into the ice bin was not.  Thankfully, all the rest of the staff used the scoop to fill up the glasses, and the Sprite came chilled, so I just skipped the glass with ice.The Sonny Boy was very, very good. I highly recommend it.  They were not stingy with the Sopressato, which was nice to see.The staff were all very friendly and responsive, props to them.All in all though, I have Settebello in Vegas, which is almost exactly what Pizzeria Bianco is, just with a larger menu and at a lower cost.  I do not at all regret going into Pizzeria Bianco, but to be honest I would not do so again.  My individual pizza and soda cost $27 after standard tip.  That is insane.  The exact same thing at the other equivalent places in other towns would only set me back  $17.  I could have two meals, one with a beer, somewhere else for that kind of money and probably still be happy.If/When I go back to Phoenix, I would eat somewhere else, but if someone asked me if the food was good, I would say absolutely.
5	Pizzeria Bianco was as great as advertised and the pizza rivals any we have in Philly.  We went at lunch on a week day and had only a very short wait. Pizzas have crispy crusts and fresh simple ingredients.  Loved the salad with the peaches, too.  Friendly, attentive service. Highly recommended destination in Phoenix.
5	Always consistent in quality. Servers are always very helpful
5	Bianco came with much fanfare and accolades, which had me skeptical coming into the place, as I am a pizza snob. However, I left a believer in this tiny re-purposed building serving up Napoli-style pies, and have been back since. Each time, I was with a large group, so there was a bit of a wait. No sweat, as Bar Bianco (the accompanying small building twenty yard away from the pizzeria) is a cozy "bar" that feels more like someone's house (as it probably was when built in the early 1900's). The service at BB has been dynamite on both visits. After getting seated in PB's one room that houses the dining area, small bar, and brick oven, the service was prompt and friendly. Between my two visits, I have tried each pie, and the Rosa gets my vote as the premier pizza on the menu. Be brave and order it sans sauce (as the chef intended). It will not disappoint. Other favorites include the Biancoverde and Wiseguy. After visiting twice in one year, I plan on making Bianco a regular stop when I am in the Phoenix area visiting family.
3	Well, we were downtown last weekend and happened to be hungry at an odd hour due to a very late breakfast that morning and so immediately I thought "Hey, lets go to Pizzeria Bianco. They can't possibly have a wait for a table at 2:30 pm on a Friday." Well, turns out they did but fortunately we only had to stand out in the 100 degree sunshine for 15 minutes or so. We've actually attempted to eat here a few other times over the years but when the wait time was quoted as 2 - 3 hours we moved on to dine somewhere else. So, was this pizza worth the wait you ask? Yes, it was absolutely worth a 15 minute wait. But no meal is worth a 3 hour wait. I think it's really silly that they don't serve pizza out on the patio or next door in the wine bar or just take reservations... its sort of a power play that they make people wait around for so long like that. I just don't get it.Anyway, I was surprised that the menu didn't have a whole lot of options. I really felt like a red sauce so that cut our choices down to three pizzas. I opted for the Margherita since that is a nice classic but of course hubby wanted some kind of meat so we added sausage. That was a very good decision since the sausage was absolutely delicious. We both loved the pizza and it was just the right amount of food for the two of us. Hubby didn't feel like it was worth the $18 but that is about what you would pay at other non-chain artisan pizza places that offer that neapolitan style pizza so I was fine with it. Our service was ok though a bit rushed. By the time we were done eating there were a few empty tables so I didn't really see why it was necessary to take our plates away immediately after my last bite (seriously, I was still chewing) and then bring the check immediately afterwards without asking if we wanted anything else. I guess that is just how they do things there.I'm glad I went since it is such a Phoenix landmark but I don't really see any reason to return.
5	Pure yumminess and a fun staff to boot!
4	This is the best example of " word  of mouth" marketing  I have ever experienced. I remember watching Jimmy Fallon one night and he mentioned pizzeria bianco and how he would fly to AZ just to try it. This means that the pizza in NY is really awfull or bianco is a God send. Look it's good pizza. Is the pizza so good that once you take a bite commit illegal activities to feed your habit  ??? No . It's good, fresh, and worth trying? The wait however is pretty much a deal breaker. Hey maybe they should allow tailgating in line.
3	Hey, this was a very good pizza but Best in the West, ... not really. I do recommend it and I will go back but there is a lot of competition in the Phx. area for really good pizza. Humble Pie on 7th is excellent and right in the same conversation.
3	This place was good, but didn't quite live up to the hype for me.  I went at about 5 on a Wednesday evening and it was not busy when I went.  I had to get the valet parking for $3.  It is a very small restaurant but it's nice inside.  The wood- fired oven is the main focal point.My friend and I got a bottle of beer from a local brewery in Sedona for $5.  I ordered the Margharita pizza (cost $15) and it came out quick.  All the pizzas here only come in one size.   I ate the whole pizza and it tasted fresh.  You can taste the wood grill flavor in the crust.  The pizza is light and you won't feel disgusting after you eat it...which is refreshing compared to other pizza places.  I would eat here again, but wouldn't wait more than an hour to do so.The customer service was great and they were very friendly.
5	My son would come home from the CIA in New York and we would go over to Camelback for a movie and a Pizza at Bianco's. it was great pizza, and you could sit and talk with Chris and it was a perfect evening. My son honed in on the mozzarella, which Chris handmade everyday, and they would talk about developing gluten.When he moved downtown we tried to follow him for an occasional pie, but it got to be impossible. Major foodies were Dubbing Bianco, Best in the West...the country...the world. The lines were 2 hours for the very few seats. People started sharing reservation and line trading strategies. We went a couple of times and it was very good, but for me the best times were just before closing at the Town and Country, listening to Chris talk about wood-fired ovens and the search for perfection. If you haven't tried it, you owe it to yourself. Turn in your name, go to the Science Museum, come back have your pizza and file it in your memory. It's that good, but I have to wonder whether its as good as the memory
5	Ahmazing! We are lucky to have this Pizzeria in Phoenix.
2	I finally dined here for the first time last night and I have been meaning to come for 8 years but never managed to justify the long wait.  However, yesterday we were at the Science Center and it was early enough to not have too long of a wait, if you can say that 1.5 hours is not too long.  We grabbed a few glasses of wine at the Blanco Bar next door and settled in for our wait.  What a cute place, old rustic European country decorum in a renovated house from the 20's.  Very charming and pleasant however the wait staff...not so much.  Very odd thing here, as the staff is not outwardly rude but they are aloof and disinterested in their customers, at least from what we observed.  I had to go and ask someone for a menu and the girl who was waiting in our section had come by several times to fill water and get things for her other customers sitting right next to us.We were finally seated and I guess I didn't specify that since we were waiting all that time that we wanted a table, as we ended up sitting at the bar, which sort of sucked.  It is a cramped situation with no real place to put your feet and I kept hitting my knees on the front of the bar.  My feet went to sleep several times from tucking them on the rung of my chair as that was the only place for them to go.  I kept bumping into my poor neighbor while I was trying to eat since her back was turned towards me.  I think she must have figured out by sitting that way she could put her feet on her friend's chair rung too, more options!  In short, I felt a bit like Alice in Wonderland after she had eaten the cake that made her grow so large.Finally the food came and I totally agree with Gabriel's review.  Very, very fresh ingredients but sorely lacking in seasoning!  We had the Caprice Salad, the mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto and the Margherita Pizza.  All of which were made from very fresh high quality ingredients but I found that I was salting everything!  The food was simply too bland.  I do not understand what the hype is all about frankly.  I don't understand why the long wait, outside of the fact that the place is like a friggen dollhouse!  And the waiter behind the bar was arrogant, like everyone who works there.  He could care less about who we were and if anything, I felt like we may have been putting him out a bit.  How dare we order more food and wine!  Christ I needed more wine to deal with the attitude and seating.  And OVER PRICED  for sure.I think Cibos and the Parlor have much better food and you don't have to wait an eternity to get a table.  In fact, I'm coming to realize that Cibos is the best brick oven pizza in here in the valley.  At least I can take this place off my list and to be honest I will not be going back.
5	Best pizza I've ever had!  If you plan ahead, the wait can be managed.  I understand that Chris used to make every pie himself, but he now allows others to assist with the honors.  No worries, because the quality remains top shelf.  Fun place to eat and enjoy the downtown scene.
3	It was okay. Definitely overrated. However, I think half of the magic is the wait time. If you wait for anything for over 2hrs, you are starving by then, and it tastes incredible no matter what it is! Honestly though, the pistachio pizza is so unique, and equally delicious. And once inside, the chef/owner (?) made a stop over, was very professional and appreciative of our business, and it shows in the rest of the staff. It's not quite Italy, but then again, what is? Given the choice though, I would go to Federal Pizza over this one. More selections, better crust.
4	Pizza was good. Solid. But I had heard that is the literally the best pizza in the world. I don't know if I would say that. Definitely worth going to once, maybe even twice. But a little pricey and not the BEST (that's a high thing to achieve).
5	Good pizza nothing else to say
5	Fantastico!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Totally impressed with Trattoria Bianco. Excellent all around, from the pizza, to the small plates, pasta dishes and dessert (except for the amaretto cake). Perfect bread, great setting.
3	I think that when you wait so long to eat the food, the anticipation itself and your increased hunger leads you to believe that this is the greatest pizza on earth. The pizza maker was a bit irritated that I asked him not to burn the crust. If I can't request something as simple as that for my dinner without the chef getting annoyed then I'll go somewhere that my business is desired.
5	Pizzeria Bianco must sit on some mystical vortex of outstanding pizza. It's a perfect balance of each element: Crust, cheese, topping. Get the Rosa and you will not be disappointed. If you are disappointed by the Rosa, I don't know what to tell you other then you have terrible taste in pizza.
5	Loved the atmosphere and different selection of food. It was refreshing to see even the appetizer selection was so unique!
5	This is seriously the best pizza. I have eaten at Mozza, Apizza Scholls, Grimaldi's in NY and Difara which are all considered the best pizzerias in the US and Bianco is better than all of them. I still am amazed that there are ANY bad reviews about this place. The complaints are really obscure and hard to figure out. Ignore them. Here's the deal. If you go at night you are gonna wait a long time. This pizza doesn't have magic fairy dust on it so it won't change your life, its just really good. Go at lunch if you don't want to wait. There is a high demand for this place and therefore it takes a lot of effort to keep the hoards organized and happy so forgive the staff if they are a little direct after answering the same question that they have been asked for the hundredth time that night. Know these things and you will be in for a great experience and some world class pizza..
5	Love the service and the food! I always crave a good chicken BBQ pizza with thin crisp and this place offer that and so much more.
4	Good food, but given the hype and long wait, I expected better.
5	The best "simple" pizza I ever had.Waited zero mins on a Saturday lunch.  I guess it was too built up...I mean it was excellent pizza...but nothing mind blowing. Is it worth waiting zero mins for table...absolutely.   2-3 hour wait...not a chance.
4	Pizzeria Bianco is a great place to come for authentic, Italian pizza with some different, unique flavors. The seating inside is limited, so if you come during peak hours (i.e., Friday night), be prepared to wait! However, I came this last time for lunch with 2 other people on a Friday afternoon, and we were seated right away. Turnover and service is fast because the menu is pretty small. We split 2 pizzas between the 3 of us, which was more than enough. I highly recommend the biancoverde, which has arugula on it! So yum!
5	For our table of eight, we decided to get two antipasto plates, two spiedini portions, and one of each pizza.  Boy am I still full from Saturdays indulgence!  I know there were some people on here that said the place lacked seasoning and flavor and I couldn't disagree any more than I already do!Antipasto:  Your typical fare of vegetables, cheese, and meats.  I enjoyed the squash and prosciutto-wrapped figs.  Yum!Spiedini:  With bites of spinach to cut through the saltiness of the rich fontina cheese and prosciutto, it was almost a perfect bite.  I won't drone on about every single pizza but I will say that the Rosa was my favorite.  The Rosa pizza is just a flavor-explosion.  I love how the pistachios adds an interesting texture and who doesn't love rosemary?  Delish.  All the pizzas were beautifully charred with the perfect balance of crispiness and chewiness while the toppings were top-notch and great quality.Overall, the service was fast and friendly and the place was busy!  I can understand what the hype's about --- great food and definitely recommended!
5	Wowza, this place has been one of my favorites for many years now!  I love everything about it.  I know there can be a very long wait at times, but it's well worth it.  I consider it a part of the date night.  Many times Paul and I have come here and just ordered a bottle or two of wine and sat outside on the long picnic table near the lights.  Other times we made a reservation and walked around downtown Phoenix or checked out the Science Museum and came back to eat.  Either way this place is worth the wait!My favorite pizza is the Biancoverde and the Margherita.  I've also had the Rosa and enjoy that too.  It may be worth your while to order a 3rd pizza and freeze it at home because it is so delicious.  Enjoy!
2	I was visiting Phoenix for a few days and was told that I HAD to try Pizza Bianco - "the best pizza in the country."  As my friend who was with me said, he's had better frozen pizza.  I was extremely disappointed.  The pizza hardly had any taste; some of the crust was burnt; and there was hardly any cheese on it.  We had the pizza margherita and were both just very disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend this place for the food ever.On the other hand, the wait staff/bartender were fabulous.  Very nice and engaging.  Also the buildings were adorable right in the historic Heritage Square.
3	Had heard loads about the best Pizza place, and as as we live in the Valley, wanted to try it out and find out for ourselves.We happened to be in the vicinity one weekend evening and walked up to get a table -  the hostess informed us the wait was over 4 hours long! And lady was not so friendly either!! We walked right out.Then maybe a year later we managed to get takeout from Pizzeria Bianco on another trip to the area and finally tried the pizza. It was good I have to say, but not worth 4 hours wait good. But then I do wonder....what pizza will be worth wasting 4 hours for?I guess I need to try it on a weekday for lunch to really get the full taste of this pizza. One day....
5	We met Chris Bianco at the bar. Great food! Chuck pours generous glass of wine and an attentive wait staff too.
3	Best pizza in the Nation...Really?? I think not! Don't get me wrong it's good pizza but don't understand what all the hype is about. As far as wood fired pizza goes it tastes the same as Cibo's to me. Went with a group of 10 people and although we had a reservation we still had to wait about half an hour which isn't too bad. I do like that they let you do half and half pizza's so you can try different kinds and they have some good combinations. I also love the location and the staff but probably would have gave it a better rating if it wasn't so hyped up.
3	I have always heard that this is the best pizza place ever! Although i thought the pizza was very good I would never rank it as the best pizza i have ever had. I am very glad i went though to experience Pizza Bianco. When you go be ready to wait;  the restaurant is small and fills up very quickly. Just eat a little bit before you come and know you are going to wait, then you will be fine.
5	Best pizza in the valley. Handle this!
5	I needed to see what all the hoop la was about! I went in expecting the worst, as I usually have a disappointing experience when a place is overrated.Anyway, we spent the hottest day of the year (118 are you freaking kidding me?!) at the Science Center. I thought, ok PB is next door and there is no line, so we went for it.It was about 4:45 and the place was practically empty! So the 6 of us rolled in and were seated immediately. Fabulous.The menu is simple. Love that. We ordered the salad, roasted garlic pizza, margherita pizza, the Rosa, and the chocolate flourless cake.Oh my stars. The food is excellent. What more can be said after 800+ reviews? My favorite was the Rosa pizza. Carmalized red onion, pistachios, rosemary...now I'm not a pizza expert (like I am with cupcakes and coffee lol), but this was probably the best pizza I've ever had. And I can't believe I'm saying that since I've traveled all over, and the best pizza ends up in my own backyard? Chocolate flourless cake was also the bomb. So fudgy and rich and dense. So good!Service was excellent too. Maybe because we were only  1 of 3 tables, but still. Food came out super fast, waters refilled, nice chit chat with the server about the owner Chris and the concept of the restaurant...I mean the whole experience from start to finish was perfect.Great spot. Now, I would never wait for hours and hours. Just come for lunch or between lunch and dinner. But if you absolutely have to wait, it's worth it :)Can't wait to come back!
2	Il Forno ... much MUCH better!
5	One of the best pizzas I ever tasted!  I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Located close to Arizona Science Center, I decided to have a late lunch by myself at Bianco.  A little pricey from one person, but I was tired and just wanted a good meal.  I sat at the bar and the cute waiter took care of me.  Everyone has told me that you would have to wait for hours to get in, I didn't.  I watched the two Italian chefs make the pizzas.  It was hard to tell if they were actually Italian but they both had a heavy moustache like Luige from Mario Brothers.  The Margarita was done perfectly.,  The crust is thin yet  not too crispy.  The sauce hot and sweet.  I think I would have prefer the basil be chopped and spread all over the pizza, I mean you are paying over $15 for the pizza!  I was satisfied and took half of the pizza back to the office.  However, a co worker was hungry so I shared.  Will need to go back and try their salads!
3	lonnng wait!
4	Good pizza...Yes...worth the wait ? Absolutely not...Actually I think it's overrated. Had the wise guy pizza and it was tasty. Was I blown away ...not. Why would I go out of my way to drive downtown Phoenix for pizza ? Just because I am crazy and don't mind driving for food doesn't mean Pizzeria Bianco ranks at the top of my list.There is a pizzeria just up the street from where I live and he makes bomb pies...check it out its on the northeast of Pinnacle Peak and Pima roads in Scottsdale...I won't reveal the name so you can go on a little treasure pie hunt...enjoy!I do enjoy Chris Bianco's lunch place on Central much better...no complaints there..just don't go there for dinner...
5	Great atmosphere, great food and good drinks.
3	Had the foodies favorite pizza...the Rosa. delicious!  Small venue with literally no parking. Wait, take that back...no free parking. The restaurant lot is paid valet only and all street parking within a mile is metered.  Alternatively, now that it,s open for lunch there isn't a four hour wait for your dinner.
5	Last weekend we went to Pizzeria Bianco after a play.  Arriving at 930pm allowed us to miss the rush and enjoy the charm and authentic pizza at this local favorite. The ingredients on the pizza are fresh, many imported and the crust coming out of the wood burning oven absolutely lives up to all the hype.  The olive oil, prosciutto, parmesan cheese and tomatoes will take you back to Italy.  The staff was friendly and didn't rush us although their official closing hour is 10pm.
4	Tasty pizza in downtown Phoenix. Come for the delicious wood-fired oven baked pizzas--try the wiseguy, topped with roasted onions, fennel sausage and smoked mozzarella--and don't miss the farmer's market salad. The night we were there it featured fennel and watermelon! And we also went out on a limb and sprung for a bottle of Arizona red wine; can't remember the details now, but it was reasonable and tasty. Must be all that sunshine.
5	Great menu and true Italian pizza and staff. A bit expensive and cramped tables.  Need to expand and have more tables so not such a long wait to eat.
4	Ate here a few years ago, finally getting around to writing my review.The food was good, the service (once inside) was good.  I don't think it was worth waiting 2 hours to get in, but I've heard that the lines are much less of a problem these days for various reasons.If I were to go again, I'd get a group of 6+ and make a reservation.  Seems like the easy route.
5	Great brick oven pizza!If you are in the downtown Phoenix area near the Arizona Science Center or Chase Field and want one of the best brick oven pizza's, you have to come here.Street parking is difficult, valet parking is expensive, garage parking is bearable if you don't mind a short walk and get a parking validation ticket at the restaurant.The entire building is brick with a nice lawn area with a long picnic table lined with fig trees. There is another building which they use as wet bar and waiting area. Get there early or expect to wait because this place is popular.This is my second time to Pizzeria Bianco and the quality and service has not disappointed. We came a little before lunch time to beat the crowd and got a nice table in front of the brick oven which takes up a quarter of the restaurant. We decided to order just one pizza to share since we wanted to save room for other taste treats.We ordered the Wiseguy which is originally one of their white pizza's, but with a tomato sauce. It's topped with roasted onions, fennel sausage and smoked mozzarella. All the ingredients were fresh and cooked to perfection. The menu is limited, but seasonal ingredients are often available. It's a bit pricey, but worth every penny. I'm not sure if I would recommend it if the wait is more than an hour in the middle of the summer.Recommendations: Arrive at least 30 min. early, park in the garage, get a parking validation ticket, and try a pizza.
5	this place is pretty amazing. amazing enough for my boyfriend and i to arrange our whole afternoon around.knowing that this place is extremely well known/popular/busy/insane, we decided to strategically plan our outing in downtown phoenix directly around when Pizzeria Bianco opened for dinner and i'm really glad we did! we were able to be seated within 20 minutes ( know... 20 minute wait when they just open their doors!) and were really pleased by the attentive service. the menu was full of delicious options and it was really hard to pick just one pizza to try, so we settled on two different ones and also ordered up a couple of local beers from the Prescott Brewing company.everything was REALLY delicious. the crust of the pizza was cooked perfectly.... crispy and smoky on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. my fig and prosciutto pizza was salty and sweet. made me want to order another a pie to take home but i restrained myself. really worth it to make the trek here! try it out. i promise you won't regret it.
4	Some of the best pizza I have ever had! This place is very hyped so you need to get there early to be sure and get an early seating. Otherwise you will have to wait around for a while. You can go next door to the bar while you wait for seats to open up which is nice that you don't have to wait outside. Be prepared to wait, but the Pizza is definitely worth it. The menu constantly changes which spies things up. Overall, I would recommend Pizzeria Bianco to anyone just would caution that they could potentially wait for an hour or two before they actually get seated. That is why I give them 4 instead of 5 stars.
4	Obviously the reputation preceeds itself.  The restaurant earned that reputation though.  The pizza is fantastic. With their being open for lunch now and adding a second location, you can actually get one of those pizzas in less than 3 hours too, which is a bonus.  The Wiseguy and the Rosa are my favorites.   The prices are a little steep but the quality is fantastic.  As a friend of mine said: "The pizza here is awesome if you wait less than 30 minutes for a table.  If you wait for an hour, it's really good.  If you wait two hours, it's ok. If you wait 3 hours for a table it's just pizza."
3	So after years of procrastinating due to the infamous wait times I finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco. With the opening of their new location wait times are short or non-existent during the week. Although, this convenience comes with a caveat... increased prices. It is now $15 for a Margherita. Really? Maybe if this was truly one of the finest pies in the US you could get away with that. Alas, it is not. The pizza was just okay. It was a cracker-thin, crunchy crust with no chewiness whatsoever. If I wanted crackers I would have picked up a box a saltines. The Wiseguy was just decent as well. The onions could have been sliced thinner. The sauce was on point. The pizza was not bad by any means I just had very high expectations going in. Our service was attentive and efficient. Our drinks were filled even after the bill was paid. Needless to say, it is unlikely that I will return. I'd rather go down the street to Cibo and get a delicious $10 Margherita.
1	I dined at Pizzeria Bianco with 10 other people in my dining-out group, all of whom are experienced with quality restaurants both in the U.S. and abroad.  No one thought this came close to being a quality dining experience.  A 7pm reservation for 11 people meant that we were shuttled over to an adjoining building to wait, where one glass of house wine was $13, which immediately set the wrong tone, along with the wait.  The reason given for the wait was to be sure the group had all arrived, despite the fact that everyone had arrived prior to 7pm; the real reason is to get more money out of everyone waiting,  through excessive wine prices.  Bad customer service.   At 7:15 someone came to the waiting room and said our table was ready; everyone marched over to the restaurant to find out that our 7pm reservation was still not ready.  Bad customer service.  Back at the waiting room we asked for menus so we could make our food selections while waiting.  We were told that they had only one menu for everyone in the waiting room (others were waiting besides our group also).  Bad customer service.  Finally at 7:30 I went back to the restaurant  to check on our table and was told at the door that the table was ready, a fact we had to find out on our own.  Bad customer service.  We were seated at several small tables pushed together in the corner, not in a separate room as I had been led to believe over the phone.  Bad customer service.  Extremely cramped; noise level so high that conversation was difficult.  Drinks were brought, and I had to insist we were ready to order, not wait. The pizzas came out fairly fast.  Mediocre.  Thin crusts that were more like dried out crackers-a smear of tomato sauce with no distinctive flavor-some cheese.  The much-praised quality was simply not there, and this assessment was shared by all the other members of our party.  Some mentioned how much better Humble Pie is for pizza; others mentioned Grimaldi's.  I asked for separate checks, as I had requested over the phone when making the reservation.  Absolutely not.  Bad customer service.  We left, with no one planning to ever return or recommend  the restaurant.  Due to non-distinctive pizza, lack of customer service, high noise level, and cramped seating, this restaurant is vastly over-rated, and it is another mystery of marketing that this establishment has created the unwarranted hype that it has.
4	YUM! Half of our party arrived at 9:45 pm on a Saturday night, and even though they close at 10, they let the rest of us trickle in at 10:10 being the original group had already ordered. Perfect timing with no wait time for us. The caprese salad was my favorite dish of the night. Followed closely by the pizza covered in prosciutto. My party was obsessed with the rosemary/pistachio combo, but I found it slightly overwhelming. We also enjoyed the parmesan/arugula pizza.
5	Best pizza in phoenix hands down.. Also the service is top notch. This should be the industry standard.
5	I my goodness this was the best pizza Ive had outside of Rome!!!
4	Chef Bianco is a hardworking, ambitious, and kind man who has done wonderfully with Pizzeria Bianco, Bar Bianco, and his other restaurants.  Took my parents to Pizzeria Bianco when they got in for a visit from D.C. and it was the perfect place to decompress and enjoy a delicious, truly Napolitano style pizza.  The servers are extremely friendly and you can tell that the staff enjoy what they do(staff turnover at this restaurant is low).  The pizzeria is known for having long lines, especially Thurs-Sat, so I would recommend going on the off days.  If you're ok with going on a busy night, you can start off at the bar next door, which is equally wonderful and serves some small bites.
5	Pizza of Legend. That could be the name of a documentary about Pizzeria Bianco. It came highly recommended and we had to try it as we were spending the day in Phoenix. It's tiny. Really tiny. Even smaller than I thought. And it's perfect. A few tables and seats at the bar. We snagged two seats at the bar, luckily, as soon as we walked in. The bartender, Dave, was a really cool dude. We had a great chat, ordered a few beers, and went onto the menu. The Bianocverde is. That's all. It "is." Fill in your own blank. Perfectly complex. Textbook charred crust. Pungent. Aromatic. That arugula...it looked like spinach, but was so nutty and mild. It's one of the best pizzas I've ever tried. The Rosa. Equally amazing. Pistachios on pizza? Don't judge it. Simply wonderful. A perfect flavor complex with the cheese combinations. You can also buy a loaf of baked-daily bread for $5. Happily purchased a loaf and it was wonderful that night. It's a little pricey, but well-worth it. I'd head back in a heartbeat.
4	A while back me and some friends stopped in because we heard amazing things about it... I was not disappointed although it was a three hour wait... Pizzas were great. I'm from Chicago, and know what a good pizza tastes like. They definitely passed the test. I got the margarita pizza. Recommend it definitely...
1	Well, I came into town for a business meeting, heard all this ra ra about this place.  Got there when they opened, no waiting walked right in so I am not upset about the wait.  First of all, great service, so the rating is for food only.Pizza thin crust in which I love, problem here is more about the toppings, not the crust.  I ordered the wise guy, half sauce, lets start with the sauce.  Spray painted on, and an up charge, couldn't taste the difference with or without, no flavor from the sauce I expect a nice zesty flavor nothing here.  On to toppings, quite a bit of onions, a drive by of cheese, basically another spray paint of cheese, and a few pieces of sausage.  Wow so under performing!  I paid for bread at $18.50 this is an $8-10 pizza anywhere, the amount of toppings on this, pizza this is a $6 pie.  I don't understand the pricing here, I paid for crust!Very bland since there are not a lot of toppings, no flavor other than the smoky crust.Don't bother try some other place.  No value here!
2	I think this place gets by on reputation as once being an awesome pizza place. I don't think the 2 hour wait was worth it. The pizza was good but to be honest, I've made an awesome pizza with my grill and a few wood chips. I'm glad I got to say I ate there but I won't be doing it again. For the price and the wait, this was more of a flop.
5	Place is always excellent, makes for a great atmosphere and of course the food is spectactular.
4	Tiny little place in Phoenix, with a great reputation. Parking is tough here and I can't imagine coming on a busy night - I stopped in late afternoon on my way from PHX to Sedona. The guys who run the place are awesome and the food did not disappoint. Very much worth a visit if you are pizza dork.
5	This place is incredible! The food is out of this world and the amosphere is  really something special for phoenix. Even the long wait can't strip a star off their perfect 5 rating for me!
3	A Wiseguy was ordered. Good stuff. The server could tell it was my first visit and verified I knew the pizza did not have traditional, red tomato sauce. This is good customer service!
5	Love Pizzeria!
4	I haven't been there in along time.  It was great food but long wait.  That is a good thing for them.
2	My pizza was a half-burned grease bucket. Gross, I highly doubt they gave Oprah what they gave me!
5	Go during off times to avoid the wait anytime between 2-5pm pizza is amazing!!!
2	It's been a while since I've been to this place, but I went on a Thursday evening and showed up right at 5PM when they open. There was already a line out the door. The restaurant is very small so we were asked to wait outside or at the associated bar next door. Our wait was close to three hours! We triple checked to make sure they didn't skip us and they assured us they would call us soon. We ordered a pizza with sausage but the sausage was sliced very thick and was four times thicker than the crust so it was very difficult to eat. The proportion didn't work for me and the flavors weren't anything great that I couldn't get from Sauce (fast-food, upscale pizza).
2	Ok, so I've gone a few times now.First time, great experience but now this is what I think.1. Over priced ..the green salad..greens and 3 green olives...bland dressing..$6..pizzas good but really not worth the wait nor cost. 2. Requesting Parmesan will cost you $2, and they will not let  you take it unless you request it.3. Customer service, I've had really better service other places. This past week, I was in there for a lunch meeting and this group of 25 came in complaining they couldn't sit together, giving our small table dirty looks and sarcastic comments geared towards our table.  The waitress was staring us down  the entire time on and it was a really uncomfortable feeling, especially when you are paying a high menu price for the food .I will be taking my business somewhere else, Bianco is just not worth it nor the wait time.
5	This place isn't just all hype...it is amazing!!! The food, service, and atmosphere is great. Went with some family and tried every pizza on the menu!!! Haha. My personal favorites are the bianco boy (I swear it used to be called that...but i think it is called the bianco verde now) and the classic margherita. All of them were delicious though, of course. Wish I could go more often!
5	I would understand the skepticism from those who might say "Really?  The 'Best Pizza in the World' is in Phoenix?"  Well, I haven't been around the world, so I can't say, but what I CAN say is that the pizza at Pizzeria Bianco is outstanding.  My brother just visited but was only here on a Sunday, and he was very upset they weren't open because he had been looking forward to returning for months!  It's usually pretty busy - you might get lucky and be seated immediately, but be prepared to wait.  I've tried four of their pizzas and they are all outstanding.  The dough is probably the best I've ever had, the combination of flavors is simple and powerful, the sausage is exquisite (made specifically for the restaurant), and the prices are outstanding for the quality of the food.  It's a place that I will treasure taking visitors, very conveniently located downtown (though parking can be tough in the small lot immediately adjacent).  Best in the world?  Possibly - certainly worth deciding for yourself!
4	It's expensive, and there's quite a long wait, but it's great food when all is said and done. Definitely a once-in-a-while spot, but also a worth-it spot. Some people would say it's a must-try, but if you're not in to wood-fired pizza, it will have little for you.They do what they do, and they do it well. Both things to keep in mind if you're thinking of hitting the place up :)
4	Not so impressed because of the food, though it is good.  I was more impressed by the service.  Two people had told me how long the wait was on any given night.  I heard stories about 2-3 hours.  So I had a backup plan just in case. Fortunately, we didn't wait anywhere near that long on this Friday night.  We simply walked up, were greeted and sat down immediately. Awesome.  First thing I notice is this magnificent brick oven.  I'm figuring the pizza must be amazing.  My Marguerita pizza with mushrooms was very good, but didn't knock my socks off.  My friend got the Rosa and really liked it.Service was very good. Best service was the guy greeting you at the door.  Great attitude and seemed to genuinely enjoy meeting people.  I offered to buy him an ice cream because it was so hot outside.  He politely turned that down but appreciated it.I think next time I am downtown I will definitely return.
2	After all the hype from the Oprah Show, and years later, I decided to go to Pizzaria Bianco.  We went for an early dinner and there was no wait.  We were seated right away, and for the place not being busy, we sure waited to be waited on!The salad and the pizza were OK, but not as what I had expected.  Hard to park around here, so I probably won't be back.
5	Best Pizza I've ever had! Great food and wonderful quaint little restaraunt.
4	Of course homemade sausage, cheese, and pizza dough is amazing.  The wait is of course verrrrrrrry long.  Be prepared for that.  It's gourmet pizza with high standards.
4	The second best pizza I've ever had, with the best being in Napoli.
4	I was weary about visiting Pizzeria Bianco because it's location from my house but I thought- if Oprah recommends it- it must be amazing! And it didn't disappoint. It's a smaller space so if you're coming with a large group I'd definitely come in early and maybe put in your name and have a drink at one of the (within' walking distance) bars nearby. Once you're in, it's so worth it! The pizza is so authentic and woodfired, which is a favorite of mine! The atmosphere is another factor that I really enjoyed. The industrial/cosy combo was a nice touch and they had many options on their menu. A con would be the parking. I had to park at a nearby parking garage and walk over. They did wind up having a lot, but it was small and only valet (that I could see) so you end up paying either way. Something to keep in mind if you're pinching pennies or just want the ease!
3	yummy!!!!  Love the pizza, hate the wait.  It is a great place to go in the fall/spring when sitting outside is enjoyable.
4	Great food, though I'm not sure the wait is worth it.
5	We had three pizza's - Margherita with garlic and salami, Margherita with fennel sausage, and a white Piazza Blanco.  All three were unbelievably delicious.  Our waiter was phenomenal.  He has been working at the restaurant since it first opened in 1994.  They have a small but very good wine selection and nice beers.   I have to add that we are originally from New Haven, CT where the #1 rated pizza restaurant in the US is located - Pepe's pizza, and we loved this place.  Will definitely go back.  It is very close to the ball park and looks like a great place to go before the game if you get there before the crowds.
2	Was it worth the 30 minute wait? Absolutely not. We ordered pizza, and it was just average. Better than some because the ingredients were quality and fresh. There was not much flavor to the sauce. The crust was bland, limp and the edges of the oven-fired crust were not just crisp and brown, it was burnt in several places. Our table was jammed in and we were uncomfortable. Service was good. No reason to go back with many other choices for much better pizza in the Valley.
4	Believe the hype. Small cozy place to enjoy a wonderful tasty pizza with a cold beer. Try arriving early to avoid the long lines, but definitely worth your time.
4	Amazing food. Great atmosphere. It's too bad you can't order dinner in the bar area next door so you can enjoy the live music while you eat! It's a little pricey but worth the LOOONG wait for a table.
3	good pizza  but not worth the wait.   Go there for the experience - expecting a long wait and plan on having a bottle of wine and relaxing with friends.   If all you want is pizza, there are plenty of other options
1	NOT WORTH IT, and disorganized.
5	No the pizza is actually great the service and the people are great but this is not a traditional pizza not in the American way if you want pepperoni you're out if you want mushrooming you may be out as a specialized pizza place I'm not saying don't go there because everyone should and judge for themselves on a scale from 1 to 10 for me I give it a six
5	I have only been here a few times, but they have some of the best pizza I have ever had. The biancoverde and the classic margherita are my favorites!
1	Thought this would be a great pizza spot, based upon some reviews.. Ordered Antipasto which was a mysterious combination of 1 slice cheese, 1 slice fried eggplant, a bit of sausage and some mystery food (I think beans). This was on the menu for $15. I never had anything like this before, and hope I never will again.  It was gross.The pizza tasted fabulous.  My only objection was the price of this tiny pie,  12" pizza pie for $20.  Only enough to feed one hungry person.  Way overpriced!
5	great guy...  and great pizza..  good experience all around.
5	I had an excellent margherita pizza here.I knew this place was a hit and busy all the time but luckily I happened to be in the area when it was slow and checked it out for the first time.  The seating is a little uncomfortable but the pizza was great and so were the servers. I thought I saw on the Yelp app that they don't do take outs but I saw people leaving with pies so I'm going to give it a try.
3	Pretty solid pizza, not spectacular. The crispy crust paired with a sauce that contains a good garlic taste is the highlight of the pizza. Very expensive, and not worth the wait.  Definitely a 3 star in my rating book. I certainly suggest the Margherita, as the basil plus mozzarella creates a good combination.
5	I would have to say that this was the singular best pizza I've ever eaten. The crust could not have been better. Wise Guy with red sauce ($1 extra).
3	I know I will be chastized for this but I dont get what the big deal is. It is very cute and quaint and if you want to impress your date it would probably work. I love the little table outside between the restaurant and bar, thats adorable.
5	Nothing better in AZ.  This is where I would go for my last meal.
5	This is the best thin crust pizza i have ever had!  Make sure you get the Weird Guy when you order! It is worth the 2 hours plus we stood in line waiting.
3	Its decent pizza, but I feel its over-hyped and over priced.  Any of the other local pizzerias that serve Napolitano certified pizza's are just as good if not better, for much less money.  Having been to Italy often, pizza is not super expensive splurge item like Bianco would like you to believe.
4	This place it great, however I don't think it is worth a 2 hour wait!! Luckily I went on a Thursday night, so the wait was about 20 minutes. We went over to the bar to wait, drink, and listen to the live music- what a great vibe! We shared the fire roasted veggies- veggies have never ever tasted so good!! Also had the caprese salad, marghertia (my fav), and the Rosa. Our total was about $75. It was expensive, but I was okay with spending that much money to get quality food!!
5	Come on, you have to ask?
5	On business with time to kill, I beat the lunchtime lines and headed downtown at 1130. I'm not a pizza snob, but this is a simple pizza executed perfectly: deep charred crust with a mix of chew and crispness, perfectly seasoned, rich tomato flavor, and rich cheese.
5	Crazy hard to get a table at this location, but it still wins my vote for best pizza ever! I wouldn't mind a few more choices because I've had everything on the menu several times now. The service and food here are consistently exceptional, which keeps me coming back time and time again!
5	Absolutely wonderful pizza and the prociutto was wonderful.
3	Overrated.  While the food here is good; it's not worth the long wait.
2	This is the most overrated pizza I have ever waited 2 hours for. Oh and it's pricy as well. I'm sure there are a small percentage of foodies that love this place and talk it up but I'm here to tell you, most normal patrons won't like paying this much for sub par fancy pizza. Ultimatly, there 2 star rule applies... Meh, I've had better...
4	Love it but the wait is always long. Best pizza around if you don't mind waiting for it!
5	There are often complaints about the long wait. BUT that's what makes it such a great experience with the people you are spending your evening with. The bar next door is the perfect place to have a glass of wine and enjoy your company. We went on a Thursday night and were actually disappointed to find that there was no wait, so we went next door for some wine before our meal anyway.I think everyone needs to at least check this place out, if only once in your lifetime. Oh, yeah, the pizza.... AMAZING.
4	Being from Chicago it is hard to impress me in the Pizza world, but, they did. Wasn't enough to give 5 stars but, enough for me to enjoy the food, atmosphere, and the service.
2	Pizza was not a great as we had expected and service was well below.  Pomo in Scottsdale is better and closer.  Probably won't go back. The staff were not friendly and it wasn't even that busy - we went last night.  To much success has gone to there heads.
5	I see why this is Oprah's favorite pizza place!!!   Worth the 3 hr. wait to stand in line!!!  I am from Chi Town and thought they had the best pizza.....well, ok now, 2nd best.
5	My brother-in-law from the East Coast was told about this place by some pizza connoisseur friends of his several years ago. People who claimed it was the best pizza in the world, and who had traveled to Phoenix on occasion specifically for the pie. Having recently moved to AZ, but being born and bred in NY myself, I was a bit skeptical. Best Pizza ever? In Phoenix?  C'mon, anybody who knows anything knows the best pizza is greasy cheesy NY thin crust. It's something in Manhattan's water that just makes it perfect, right? Well, my sister and her husband and I went for dinner after a long day of hiking in Sedona. We each ordered a different pizza so we could share and try as much as possible. I got the Rosa with salami added, sis got the classic margharita, and brother in law got the wiseguy (the one that I thought sounded the best). All of them were awesome, though I really liked the Rosa. It had the most amazing combination of rich and hearty tastes and you could tell, in all three, the ingredients were fresh and high quality. Verdict? Best pizza EVER? Well...i'm admittedly biased and probably  predisposed to what i grew up with, but you could certainly do a lot worse. However, without a doubt, Pizzeria Bianco does earn the title for Best Pizza in Phoenix.
2	I've been wanting to go there for years. Finally had the opportunity. I was so excited like I was going to Disney. What a let down. I really didn't think that it had any flavor.
2	With nearly a thousand reviews of PIZZERIA BIANCO the polarity between love & hate is amazing. HERE IS THE ONLY REVIEW YOU'LL EVER NEED TO READ.On one side of the aisle, you have the idiot trendoids who love bragging about how long they'll wait in line for restaurants, and how they were eating there before anybody else. They'll gladly report, "THIS IS THE BEST PIZZA EVER, WELL WORTH THE 3 HOUR WAIT!!!!" They also don't mind overpaying to be underfed.These people are easily recognized by their ability to spend $300 on an outfit that makes them look homeless and by their incessant need to always be sporting at least one Apple product.The other camp is the folks who hate this place on a near personal level. They act as insulted by the food or wait time as they would be by a Nazi-sympathizer or a spit in the face. These are people who hate most everything that has proven to be popular with other people, and they hate Pizzeria Bianco, even though there's nothing hatable here.Both groups are generously represented here. Both groups are full of shit. HERE'S THE TRUTH.Best Pizza Ever? Hell no. You'd have to be functionally retarded to call this the "BEST" pizza you've ever eaten. In a lot of books, what is being served here wouldn't even qualify as pizza. An overly simple menu offers only 6 pie choices, 3 of which offer no tomato sauce and 2 offering no cheese. Pizzeria Bianco is really more of a Lavash than a pizza in that the crust is more of a toasted cracker than a pizza crust. This will lead to a soggy mess only minutes after your pie comes out of the oven. Is there any way, honestly, you can call something a pizza when your ingredient menu EXCLUDES PEPPERONI, MEATBALLS (ground beef of any kind), & GREEN PEPPERS. That's right, none of these exists on the premises. BEST PIZZA EVER?!? C'mon Corky, Life Goes On Without Pizzeria Bianco.Worst Pizza Ever? Seriously? You never had a Totino's or a Lil Caesar's $5 crap pie? I truly believe the people who hate Pizzeria Bianco are really just hating on the people stupid enough to proclaim undying love for this place. This pizza(?) is not offensive in the least, even if it isn't really pizza. We actually liked the flavor of our WISE GUY. Again, we questioned whether of not it should even be classified as a pizza, but it was none-the-less tasty. Had I waited 2-3 hours, would I have been pissed off? Yep. Not to the point where I'm pissed off for life at everybody involved with the joint, like they shot my dog. Then again I'm not stupid enough to wait 2-3 hours at a place like this.There's the rub with Pizzeria Bianco....the people who are claiming it to be the "best ever" and "well worth the hours wait" are absolute idiots, full of shit to the point of turning their eyes brown. Those who hate Pizzeria Bianco and it's fans like they contribute to Al Qaeda, have no real basis for their hatred and are way too over-reactive.So judge for yourself.Go down on a Saturday between 11am & noon to avoid the notorious wait times, drink a cold one and have lunch. You'll discover what we did; Pizzeria Bianco is simply a charming little place with nice people serving what may or may not be pizza. But that ain't so bad.
5	We walked right in, expecting it to be super busy with it being labor day weekend and it was perfect!! The service was excellent to pizza was the bomb!
5	Best pizza in The Valley of the Sun! Thin crunchy crust, fantastic topping choices Nothing but good can be said...oh wait the check in hostess can be a bit snippy.
3	I'm giving this experience only 3 stars simply because the weight of my expectation about the quality of food was very high but was not met. We were seated 20 minutes after we checked in, but had wait a further 10-15 minutes to place our order. We ordered a pizza bianco and a pizza "sonny" which had prosciutto topping. We also ordered a green side salad and had bread as a side.The pizza base and the bread that was served as a side, was outstanding. But that was where the accolade stops. The salad was so tart and bitter we couldn't enjoy it; the pizza "sonny"'s prosciutto topping had a ripe, almost fetid smell and we had to leave the meat. the pizza bianco was ok. After the tremendous publicity and fan fare surrounding Pizza Bianco, we were definitely underwhelmed, and if we do go back, will be looking for a better standard from the kitchen.
3	I can't believe I'm giving Pizzeria Bianco 3 stars... Warning - Long Phoenix foodie history lesson starting.... NOW!Here's the deal. Picture this: 2008, the Bush era was almost over, music got ridiculously good, fashion dictated perfection not seen since the 1950's, I had a beautiful boyfriend (crazy, and alcoholic as f***, but beautiful nonetheless), and the Foodie revolution in Phoenix was just about to take off. Pizzeria Bianco had already been there serving the best food made by human hands. This wasn't a result of a competitive restaurant environment, it was a creation resulting from the passion inside Chris Bianco. I would bring my beau to heritage square and put our names on the waiting list at 5 pm.  We would wait in the blistering heat. We'd go to a movie, then we'd sneak into the trees to make out a bit. We'd play scrabble outside and meet other people waiting. At 8:45, if we were lucky, we got a table for two. Sometimes we waited until 10. The food.. (queue Italian reminiscent theme music)...The memory of the soppressata appetizer is my fondest pre-vegan food memory. Meat is a disgrace, but if I was an animal I'd way rather end up as that soppressata than a McDonalds burger. The pizza.. I would always order two at the restaurant, then two to take home. I tried all six over several visits, but the Pizza Margherita was always the best. It had a perfection matched by no other pizza I had ever tasted - not from Rome, not from Sicily, not from New York, or Boston, or Chicago.A perfectly soft yet crisp flat dough, slightly charred by the charcoal in the (coal?) oven, covered by tomato sauce that was at once fresh, yet matured with basil and salt.  house made mozzerella topped it, and it was perfection. Each Pizza was crafted by Chris Bianco himself. He would take a second to smile and nod at you between each Pizza. Every pizza was made by his hand. That was the magic.Once, I caught Chris Bianco's eye from across the restaurant as I was leaving. I spoke to him in non verbal Italian, simply with my hands and my expression. "Thank you deeply for the miracle you have created here. I am well nourished by it, what magnificent food!" He responded back with a clasp of his chest, as if saying "I am so grateful you can appreciate and share this!" Then blew me a kiss. It was a masculine non-gay loving Italian heartfelt goodbye. So why 3 stars? That was 2008.. In 2010, Chris Bianco had to stop making the pizzas for his health:http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/20100127chris-bianco-no-more-pizzas.htmlHe turned the cooking duties over to his assistant, but now, 3 years later, the magic has been lost. There was very little special about the Margherita Pizza I had in January when I went. It was a ghost of what it used to be. Almost unrecognizable. It's still good pizza, but dear readers, I am so sorry to say, it is not worth more than a 15 minute wait. Chris Bianco earned every accolade he got. I do not fault him. I know he would still be making every pie if he could. The tragedy is there is only 1 Chris Bianco.
5	Starved, stranded, and alone in some foreign desert, Mario and Luigi saved me with mushroom pizza straight out of a fireball oven. It wasn't a mirage, it was homemade mozzarella, over a thin crust and under imported Italian toppings, delivered by the mustachioed plummer brothers incarnate themselves. My preference is crispier crust, but still one of the finest 'zas I've had outside of New York.
5	The pizza was excellent.  Great crust.  Must try!
4	Skip the downtown wait: head to the new location at 22nd Street and Camelback. Same famous pies minus the infamous lines.
5	I recently have purchased a Toyota Prius from automation of Tempe AZ. The services I received from the sales lady Mariya Peyrova  were 100% to my satisfaction even after the car I had wanted was sold.this saleslady had gone out of the way to make a sale to me It has turned out to be the car I wanted this included having it delivered to me as well thank you for all that has been done for me I rated here 100% professional and deserves credit where credit is do I hope that they put here in a position in new cars sales as well it would be her next move she was the only person to walk up to me and smiled the said May I help you all my questions I had asked were answered if she wasn't sure she found out in my 40+ years in prototype development in the automotive and aircraft industry this would be the one person I would go back to see and buy a car from thank you Mariya for your hard and impressive work sincerely Michael Robinson
5	great atmosphere...but, best of all - great pizza!!!
3	This is a good pizza place, but not up to all the hype. If you want a great pie, then take a trip to LA and visit Monzza.  Monzza makes the best pizza in all the land.
4	of course, i love it!
4	Great Pizza but a little over rated for the time you have to wait.
5	Nothing fancy on the interior, but great food and very nice service.
3	A very good place to eat delicious pizza, and that sonny boy pizza was the most delicious. Didnt expect to eat something that good in that place. Honestly, i said that the foods there was disgusting because of the place. The place was not attracting, the ambiance was no good. I would actually give you a 5 for food but your place was 2 stars. So it would be fail if I give you 3 stars.
5	I've been to a number of pizza places in down, and this is my favorite so far! Great place great pizza!  I had the Margarita pizza and tried my friend's wiseguy also.  both were great! The restaurant is in a nice little spot in heritage square.  The place is a bit small, but I was there on a sunday afternoon so really only a 5 minute wait for a spot at the bar.  So my rating is based on comparing to other pizza places in town that people have recommended, this one actually meets expectations.  Look forward to going again.
5	LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF GRACIE O.I, Gracie O., an adult residing in Phoenix, Arizona, being of soundmind, declare this to be my Last Will and Testament. I revoke all wills and codicils previously.My dying wish is to be cremated in Pizzeria Bianco's sooty wood fire oven.Dalton will drive the hearse.Dave will officiate and say kind words about me.Erin will wear a black veil and weep over a life taken from this earth far too soon.The Twins will slide me into the fire on an extra large pizza paddle.*R*est*I*n *P*izza
2	Years ago I went to try this place because it was supposed to be the absolute best pizza you could get, but when I showed up, there was a line out the door and I didn't feel like standing outside and waiting and I never attempted it again. Cut to today around lunchtime and I happened to be in the area and it was open, no lines. Decided to go in and try this amazing pizza. Talk about being underwhelmed. The pizza is expensive and frankly, it's just not very good. I would believe it's very fresh and the ingredients are good, but the end result is a very so-so pizza for too much money. We ordered a total of 5 pizzas, (which are all about 12" and 6 slices), a water, a Coke and 2 teas and the bill was $97 and change. For that kind of money,  I expect an amazing pizza. The service was very good and they were fast and friendly, but otherwise there is no reason to go there. Of the three different pizzas I tried, none of them were exceptional in any way and no one at the table seemed to enjoy their food very much. Maybe I missed the train on this place by waiting so long, but I see no reason to go back.
3	It was good.  but.  was it the best pizza ever?  no.  Do I have anything bad to say?  Nope.  I probably would if I had had to wait for a table.  Luckily, three seats opened up at the bar right when we got there.  Honestly - I have no complaints.  It was truly A-OK.
3	After years living in Phoenix I finally made it to Pizzeria Bianco. Always wanted to know what the hype was all about... Well, had lunch there a couple of weeks ago (thankfully no lines...) and it was nice but really not sure why everybody is raving so much about it. The pizza was good but nothing out of the ordinary. Rather go to Parlor or Humble Pie for a less expensive pizza and less attitude around it all.
4	I had missed a previous opportunity to come here when I was last in Phoenix. Made it a point to make it this time and see what all of the fuss was about. Long story short, don't compare it to anything else. It is a great pizza with an awesome crust and fresh, delicious toppings. Higher end than your standard NY pizza, but won't say its better or worse than any other style. All in all, a great pizza...but I had immediate seating. May have felt differently if I had waited 1hr.  :)
4	Great spot for an evening out.  The food is delicious and the ambiance is so relaxing.  The wine house next door is also lovely.  Downside:  It is pricey and you have to be prepared to wait.... from my point of view it is worth both.
5	So my trip to Phoenix didn't start out great.  I was in town for a conference awhile back, but while my flight got in on time, my bag handle broke almost immediately after I started to wheel it.  I managed to keep it together by holding it closer to the ground, and got aggravated talking to several bus drivers who couldn't tell me a damned thing about how to get to the light rail.  A lesser man might've just taken a Super Shuttle to the hotel on the outskirts of Phoenix instead--not me.  I've been to just about every single major pizzeria in the NY-metro area.  I had mapped out the route to what is supposed to be the best pizzeria on the planet--Pizzeria Bianco.  I was going to get there hell or high water.  So I dragged this bag onto the bus, figured out the light rail system, and then walked a couple of blocks to the pizzeria.  I was struck by how idyllic the street it's on was.  Looking at photos of the building online, it looks like a big, imposing structure.  Instead it's this little village-like area surrounded by the Phoenix science center.  I came in all beat up and the staff was gracious enough to allow me to shove my bag in the back.  I plopped down at my table ready to order (I came at lunchtime so no line).  Thank God it all was not for naught, as Pizzeria Bianco was worth the trip.  I decided to go with Mr. Bianco's 2 favorite pies: a marinara and a rosa.  Yes, I got 2 pies by myself: fuck you.  Marinara pies are not normally my thing but this one was exceptional.  First off, the crust was light, fluffy with some crispness, significant char from the oven and a certain "freshness" to it.  It wasn't one of those old world, rustic, converted-bread recipes that some places in NY have, but it was great in its own right.  The tomatoes used were of the highest quality, and with little spikes of oregano and crisp slivers of garlic, their flavors were brought out to the fullest.  It was as simple a pizza as you can get.  Much more complex and out-of-the-box was the rosa.  It's that same great crust topped with crumbled Arizona pistachios, pecorino romano, red onion, and rosemary.  That sounds weird, but it's fucking incredible.  One of the best single pizzas I've ever had.  Chris has called this pizza his 'the metaphor of me'; I agree to the degree that I can, as this pie is absolute artistry.  I've not had a pizza like it before or since.  Even though a few copycats have popped up, they don't come remotely close.  Then I noticed the man himself walking around, and Chris Bianco came right over to me given what I ordered.  We talked shit about Arthur Ave, the Bronx and baseball stuff for a few minutes, and we ended up talking to another table from Brooklyn.  Chris Bianco is a genuinely great guy living the American dream, and I think it's awesome that he has mad scientist hair because in a good way that's what he is!  I grab a quick picture with him, wrapped up my leftovers and ordered another pie to go (Sonny Boy, great but not as good as the other 2), but then got talked into some homemade chocolate gelato.  I am very glad that I did!  It was exceptional as well, almost a perfect melding of chocolate and extra-icy ice cream but a little more towards the chocolate side.  Considering the heat I was about to walk out into, it was the best idea ever.  I saw that Chris Bianco added a new Italian restaurant on top of the wine bar, sandwich shop, this pizzeria, and the others that he has opened.  Holy shit do I want to go (to all).  He's a little off the wall, but he knows what he's doing when it comes to restaurants and his passion is almost incomparable.  His story is very reminiscent of other great American success stories and proves that the American dream doesn't die so easily.  High-minded rhetoric aside, Pizzeria Bianco lived up to the hype and is worth going well out of your way for (I'd try to avoid the lines though).  If you're one of the mindless critics on here bashing this place without an actual argument or story to stand on, then fuck you.  You can see my story, and I'm sticking to it.
5	Absolutely worth the wait.  I have been coming here for years and the staff is fabulous.
4	Great place but slightly difficult to find.
4	I went there with 4 people and there was no wait line at all and I heard from others that it used to be hours and hours long. We ordered two pizzas, which was enough for all us. Pizza Biancoverde with extra prosciutto di Parma was the best pizza I have ever tried, but the pizza Wiesguy was nothing special. The staff and the place itself was not that impressive. I'm glad I finally tried that famous pizza that even Oprah talked about, but I have no reasons to go back again unless I'm craving Biancoverde.
5	Everything is amazing except the wait. So if you're ever in downtown at an awkward time when no on else wants to eat this is the place, atleast for me.
3	Ok, I have to admit, my 3 stars might be more of a reflection of being over sold on how great this place was going to be and not reality.  Maybe on a second visit I will bump it up one.Pizza is that newer qourmet style. Thin with unique ingredients.  It was ok, similar to Feneral Pizza on Central and Pomo Roma on 1st st.  Atmosphere is nice, quiet side area, but very small dinning area.They are definately charging for the fame they have.  Would I go again?  Sure, just to see if I was mistaken on my first visit.
3	It was good, but not worth wait
5	Do not believe the hype.  You must go there and try it yourself.  The ingredients grown by the owner an the pizza dough is the best I have ever had.  The toppings are fresh full of flavor.  May be the best pizza ever.
5	Service: 5/5 Friendly and accommodatingFood: 5/5 outstanding, outstanding, outstanding pizza
4	Thought it was good and I didn't have to wait 4 hours for a table (I had heard the stories).  I didn't think the pizza was any better than Grazie or Federal Pizza.  The restaurant building is old and unique and the location is really great.  Again, fine experience if you can walk right in just not worth all the hype if dinner involves putting your name in at lunch.
4	Tasty pizza. Try not to go in with too high of expectations or you will be disappointed. It's just pizza..
5	One of the gems in Phoenix.
3	Not as romantic as I was hoping. It was a little loud and a little cramped in the back. I tried this pizza with walnuts on it. I forget the name as this was in July. It was great and I would likely get it again. So I guess that makes up for everything.
5	Maybe the best meal I have ever had- and I truly mean this. I thought the hyperbole about this place seemed lofty but the end product backed everything up. It was so good, I went back the following night for exactly the same meal I had the previous day because it was so damn perfect.Its worth noting that there is the possibility of a wait. Me and my wife got there at 6pm and we could get seated without any trouble but by the time we left an hour later, tables were all taken and people were forming a queue. That said, its well worth it, and while you wait, there is a bar next door that seems cheerful enough.In terms of what to order, I would recommend the Rosa, which is a red onion, parmigiano reggiano and rosemary topped pizza finished off with almonds. The addition of DEEZ NUTZ might seem something you put on random food when you're high but is infact an amazing idea that made for a first rate meal. Basically the pizza followed by the chocolate cake is a treat that shouldn't be enjoyed on a weekly or even monthly basis but when you need a meal to remember, go for this combination every time. This place is impossible to recommend enough. If you're in town for a Suns game, business, whatever; go to this place without delay.
4	Love the place, but the wait is unbelievably long !   The pizza is superb, truly the best pizza i have had in a very long time.  Best to go make an appointment and come back a few hours later for your table.
5	I have eaten here twice: once during Pizzeria Bianco's buzziest period in 2009 and again this October.  The experiences were substantially similar and positive.  Last time, we waited for 2-3 hours before getting a seat.  This wasn't totally unpleasant as there are picnic tables outside and the opportunity to get drinks/appetizers from the bar next store.  This time we showed up and were seated right away.  As with last time, my favorite pizza was the biancoverde.  Both times I ordered it with prosciutto as an extra topping.  As I recall, last time they had baked the pizza without the arugula and prosciutto until it was almost done, then taken it out to add the prosciutto and arugula and cooked it for another mintue or so.  This time they reversed the order for the final two toppings, adding the arugula and then the prosciutto.  The consequence was that the arugula was under the prosciutto and stayed pretty wet.  Oh well.Pizzas are expensive.  $20 or so per person.
1	why? why? WHYYYYY?  any true pizza lover know's a good "margherita" pizza REQUIRES quality *real* sliced fresh mozzarella.  Why make a pizza with a darn good crust, sauce and fresh basil, then call this crap cheese "fresh mozzarella"?   Seriously, you were 2/3rds of the way to a 5 star pizza but your store brand shredded mozz just KILLED IT.  Another turn off...no phone orders???..rather: "come in and (pay for valet only parking), sit at the bar and order take out" - not to mention, $16 for a 12" pie that is $13 on your website.   So, $16 + $3 to park +  tip + $5 bottle of beer while waiting 40 mins for my pie = almost $30 for a crappy 12" pie....save your $$ and buy a Tombstone.
4	Come here for the Rosa. It's special. Like potentially waiting in line for the rest of your life, special. Just look at the breakdown of this thing: http://eater.com/archives/2013/08/28/eater-elements-the-rosa-at-pizzeria-bianco.phpSalty, intense parmesan-reggiano, rosemary, red onions, and smokey pistachios are inconsistently, but uniformly, distributed over some damn good crust, no sauce allowed, for one hell of a taste-bud roller coaster.I know you want it. You know you want it.
1	Their reviews are extremely over rated.  I am from Chicago, so I was excited to visit the famous Pizzeria Bianco. So, 4 friends went for dinner. I heard the wait was long, but seriously 3 hours, NO WAY!. So, we had a couple of bottles of expensive wine, just hanging out in the wine bar area.  After 2 hours we starting after questions about the wait?? Let me mention that even the bartenders were confused on our extremely long wait at this point.  After having visiting the hostess stand a few times, at 3 hours I went to ask, "Whats up", all because we had notice people who arrived after us being seated, Not good right!  Actually one of the groups that came in after my group was a gentlemen from my work, so when they got seated immediately I ask WHY? I was told that was a personal friend of Chris Bianco's.  Well, it was also a co-worker of mine.  An any account, to seat them (personal friends or not) before my group, who now having been waiting for 3 hours is NOT right, NOT a good business practice.  As I proceeded to inform the hostess of my concerns, Chris Bianco himself came out to inform me that it is his restaurant and he can seat who ever he wants, whenever he wants, and I might mention his voice was inappropriately loud and rude.  Well, being in the hospitality industry for 25 years, I could not help but to express my dissatisfaction, as you might image.  As my group decided to leave, Chris Bianco and 3 of his male employees followed us out of the restaurant, yelling and screaming at us, with foul language.  I was SHOCKED! In my life I have never had such a HORRIBLE experience!  We did not pay for the wine, and I might add that the bar tenders never presented us with a bill, probably because they knew better.  2 of the 4 adults in my part work in the Hotel/Resort industry, over 35 years combined.  Working for super brands in the industry.  We encounter individuals from all social, economical, and political background.  We are often ask for recommendations, on occasions people will ask about Pizzeria Bianco, I ALWAYS TELL MY STORY, I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE, NEVER!  Karma Chris, Karma.
4	Delicious and worth trying, but build into your evening the waiting time.  I recommend hanging out next door and having a cocktail.  As for the food, the pizza is good, but there is a lot of other good pizza in Phoenix (like LGO) but their sides and salads are phenomenal!
4	Stopped in right after they opened for the evening on a Friday night after visiting the Science Center with our kiddo. Got right in, which I understand is quite a feat. We weren't disappointed. I love Neopolitan style pizza; chewy oven fired crust with amazing toppings, just enough to showcase the flavors and freshness of the finished product. Pizzeria Bianco does this just right in Phoenix. We've been hard pressed to find a pizza restaurant in Phoenix that comes close to those in larger, more metropolitan cities, but Pizzeria Bianco could hold their own in any one of those. We can't wait to return!
5	This is like sitting down for dinner with your family..  everyone is there for the food and the company.. and it's so worth it..it's like family .
5	While the wait to get into this place is ridiculous there is a very good reason. The pizza is amazing. They do not give you the options of putting enough stars but this is easily well worth the money and the wait.
5	I'm pretty sure this spot had the best pizza I've ever tasted. I was here on business and coworkers had looked it up and they had stellar reviews. We tried to go on numerous nights but each night the wait was longer then the last!We finally decided on the night before we left to make our way over EARLY..... And still had to wait 40 minutes which didn't bother us a bit.... We headed next door to the wine bar and had a few drinks. We got literally a little bit of everything. 10 pizzas and 6 apps. Each one better then the last. My favorite was the rosa pizza and there was an app that had arugula and mozzarella cheese on a skewer I think...... And that bottle of wine. :)Overall it was totally worth the wait and not really that expensive considering the party we had and what we ordered. They accommodated our 10 people the best they could. If you've ever been there you know how small it is inside. We were there for 2 hrs and spent a good chunk of change on alcohol and food.... But definitely got the "it's time to leave vibe" bc they started their peek operating dinner hours. I'd go back.... No questions asked.
3	I don't know how anyone who likes pizza can say that they hate the pizza here. It truly is made with some of the freshest and finest ingredients that can be used. My only issue is that it is great for it's style of pizza. I just prefer NY or Chicago style.
4	Good restaurant, good pizza, nice environment.  I liked it very much but for that kind of wait I can go other places that are very good as well.  I guess my point it it was great, but not for an hour plus wait.
5	Great Pizza and a great spot!
5	Simple, stunning pizza is not pizza here - it's a craft of complex, simple flavors if you think you know what a great Margherita Pizza tastes like you haven't tried the Margherita Pizza here - complex and simple at the same time - sauce, cheese, crust all are amazing
4	This place has great pizza. Some of the best. I can understand the fan following. I just can't stand the excessive wait. I get it, but waiting 2 1/2 hours for pizza is not how I want to spend my evening. But the food is fantastic, so give it a try and decide for yourself. Just bring a book.
2	Super over rated.  its just okay.  sorry
5	Terrific! Excellent food of great quality and very unique menu. Loved the pizza with white sauce and pine nuts. Service was super friendly.
4	We went here for some late lunch. I have heard of people waiting in line for hours to get into this place, (I can see why, food was great) but we were a party of 5 and we were able to walk right in, have our preference of a table. (We also went at 1pm on a Thursday) I love the Neapolitan style pizza, I recommend the Biancoverde. It is similar to a formaggio base, with arugula. The food was fabulous, I was a little disappointed with the service, I would have wished the server to be a little bit more knowledgeable about the menu, and be able to tell us about the pizza (such as if they made their own mozzarella, what type of products we were ordering, if they made their own crust, ect), other than that I would recommend this place to anyone!
2	Eh, the pizza is just okay. Its way too over rated for what it really is and way too over priced. Also, the place is very small making it very uncomfortable. The waiters seem to rush you because they have a line at the door. I will definitely not be returning; In all honesty, I think the Humble  Pie is just as good or better for a more reasonable price and better environment.
3	Good pizza, but not worth the wait.
5	The patio was my favorite. Such a relaxing atmosphere. Service was great, my server was friendly and attentive. Ordered The Margherita and it was so delicious. Had the chocolate cake for dessert and the vanilla bean ice cream. Everything was so perfect. Definitely coming back! :)
5	Well finally trying pizza bianco Been hearing about this place for ever Let's see how it compares to my personal favorite Serious Pie in Seattle The place is small and quant we sat at the bar and started with the veg salad it was excellent with a honey mustered vinaigrette The pizza came and looked great the first bit I tried was the crust it was crisp smokey And a little burnt Heaven!  The second I got was the sauces and cheese and a little basil Outstanding this truly is a great pizza  it's pretty close but I love the crust here  the sauce a little better at serious pie So I guess its a tie ! I guess il have to try both again to determine a winner Stay Tuned !
3	Pizza was good, wait was A-W-F-U-L!
5	AMAZING AND UNIQUE PIZZA!!  I have a very picky family of eaters...2, 4, and 8 years old (need I say more?) and they devoured their pizza.  I got the most "plain" pizza I could for them, just the cheese and sauce (margarita pizza minus the fresh basil) and they LOVED it.  Now for us parents, we are a bit more adventurous and we got the Sonny boy (for my husband....salami/their version of pepperoni and olives) and one with half Rosa (rosemary, red onions, smokey crisp pistachios, with a parmesean-reggiano cheese combination) and half ???? (fennel sausage, grilled onions, and fresh mozzarella).  I have never tasted anything like these pizzas!  I'm hooked....I only wish there was one closer to our home!  It's worth the drive, though.  I happened to be down near the place while I was running some errands and I got the pizzas to go.  Typically they don't do take out orders, but since they weren't too busy yet (3:30 on a Wed.), they were willing to do it.  The staff is very friendly and the bartender who took my order was great in describing the menu to me.  I can see why this place gets so busy....it is a small, quaint like restaurant with the big open oven as the centerpiece.  It is very cool and I was able to watch them make my pizzas.  They do have some nice outdoor seating, too.  I highly recommend this pizza place!!!
1	WOW, Extremely overpriced and rude.  I understand you don't want kids in your establishment but you are right next to a children's museum.  We went there starving and left mildly hungry after dropping $50 on ok pizza.  I have definitely had better at a lower price but the main reason I am even reviewing this place is how rude the wait staff was.
3	Good, not great pizza. I liked the crust, but in general, it reminded me of a Wolfgang Puck pizza, skimpy and a little bland. Added sausage with high expectations, but couldn't have been more underwhelmed, not much flavor.Will give it another chance, though. the pizza was good, just not great.
3	They were a bit slow with the service, but the food was delicious!
5	I had seen this place on a food network show before I lived in the Phoenix area. It was on my list of places to check out for a while. In fact it had been so long and that I wasn't sure it would live up to the hype. It definitely did!! I've had the chance to travel in Italy and enjoy the pizza there, and this place was very reminiscent of what I had there.
5	Most amazing pizza you will ever bite into. Truly memorable. It's a tie between the rosa & the one with the arugula. The gnocchi at their Town & Country location is the best! The desserts there, absolutely divine!  The quality of food, service & ambience is always on point! Love all things Bianco!
4	My experience at Pizzeria Bianco is a good one. The day I went, we were a party of 3.  We were seated the moment we got there, which surprised me since this place is notorious for its wait time. The restaurant was full. It felt sorta cramped, while the kitchen seems to have taken about half of the room's useable space.  The price are on the high side, even for "brick oven" pizza.  I ordered the  prosciutto  pizza which was very tasty. The service wasn't much memorable.  Efficient at a reasonable pace,but not neccessarly warm or friendly.  This town has way too many pizza joints. Pizzeria Bianco was nice, but I don't get the excitement over this place.
5	I love this place, great tasting and healthy food. I always leave feeling great.
4	Just getting around to this review...love the pizza and everything else that goes with this place. Look forward to another visit!
2	I don't get it here.  This place is known all over the country, and gets rave reviews.  After a three hour wait (I only put up with that because an out of town guest wanted to go), the waiter was rude and acted as though he could care less about our satisfaction.  As for the pizza, it's not your 'normal' style which would be fine if it was good or an unusual treat, but it wasn't either.  And pricey to boot.  Not a place I'd suggest; Phoenix has many better locations to spend your $$ and get some great food.
5	I had heard about how good their pizza is for years, but since I live in LA, I wasn't sure when I'd get to try it. Only until recently, when my husband and I made a point of stopping here for lunch on our road trip to Tucson did we get to find out for ourselves what everyone's been talking about. First thing to know, they have a $3 valet lot, that they conveniently charge on your bill, so you don't have to worry if you don't have change on you to pay for it. Secondly, they have an outdoor patio that is dog friendly, which we took advantage of. We arrived close to 2pm on a weekday, so the lunch crowd had gone, and there was no wait for service. We ended up ordering a Rosa and a Margherita pizza. The Rosa is considered a "white" pizza since it has no tomato sauce on it. As a result, I slightly preferred the Margherita, since they use fresh tomatoes to make their sauce, which is really tasty. But the Rosa was yummy too, if you're looking to try something less traditional. What makes their pizza so great is that it is completely authentic to how pizza is made in Italy: fresh tomato sauce, a thin, crisp and lightly burnt crust, all baked in a wood fired oven. It may not be to everyone's liking, but if you are a pizza purest, then this place is for you!
5	Found this place via gallivant and was not let down!!! Any future visits to PHX to see my dad will include a visit to here!
4	After living in the Phoenix area for 3 yrs, we finally had the opportunity to try the legendary Pizzeria Bianco.  We heard all of the horror stories of 2 to 3 hr long waits and to grab yourself a Bottle of Wine and prepare for a long night out....we didn't care and went out on a Monday night to give it a try.  To our surprise, there was NO WAIT at all, YEAH!!!!We were immediately seated at a table (2 top) and given our menus.  It's very dark in the dining room and the menus were a little difficult to read in the ambient light....had to use our cell phone flashlight.  We decided to order:Sonny Boy w/Sausage http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=MyRRg57xLO58zg7bbf2fcg#MyRRg57xLO58zg7bbf2fcgBianco Verde w/Prosciuttohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=39b-Ufs5AEg-UJiR9u5qRg#39b-Ufs5AEg-UJiR9u5qRgWhile we were waiting for our food they sat a table of 5 at the 4 top next to us....since the tables are so close, the back of the 5th person's chair was nearly touching our table...that kind of crept into our personal space and was a little uncomfortable.....especially since one of the girls in his party looked at us while getting seated and proclaimed "It's his birthday, woo-hoo!!!".....that's awesome and I hope you guys have a good time, but we came here to dine by ourselves and enjoy each other's company, not join a strangers birthday party....*ugh*...Our Pizza came out a short time later.  I had the Sonny Boy w/Sausage added.  I took one bite and instantly became a fan of their Pizza.  It was cooked perfectly with a nice thin crust.  The dough wasn't chewy or undercooked....it was just right.  The Sausage had good flavor and the Pepperoni didn't overwhelm the Pizza.The Better Half had the Bianco Verde w/Prosciutto.  When it came out, it was covered in Greens....LOL, it looked pretty hilarious as I've never seen a Pizza that looked like this before.  It tasted pretty good though.  I had a slice and thought it would suck because of all of the greens on it....it's not something I would personally order, but my Wife enjoyed it and said she'd order it again.The service here was pretty good.  The server was pleasant, friendly, and attentive.  I'm not sure the Pizza is worth a 2 or 3 hr wait, but it's pretty good.  We'd come back on another slow night.Return Factor - 80%
1	This rating is based on the terrible customer service we experienced with the manager that was working the day (11/30) we tried to eat there.  We arrived around 4pm and went to the bar next door (Bar Bianco) because we didn't want to eat til 5:30 ish.  We had a wonderful experience at the bar; the bartender was very friendly, the ambiance is nice, and the wine and beer were tasty.  Around 5 I walked next door to the pizzeria and told the manager I needed seating for 2, she said it would be around 30 minutes and she put me down on the waiting list, I told her I would be next door.  About 30 minutes went by and another employee from the restaurant came over to see who was waiting for a table.  I informed her we had put our name in about 30 minutes prior, she said she would check and get back to me.  Another ten minutes passed and I ended up walking over to find out what the hold up was.  I again spoke with the manager whom acted as if I was bothering her and in a condescending tone she told me my name was on the list and she would let me know when something became available.  Meanwhile there were at least 6 open seats at the bar and 3 empty tables inside.  I went back to the bar and waited another 10 minutes before returning to the restaurant.  When I walked in, the restaurant was about 2/3rd's full but there was plenty of outdoor seating.  The manager told me there was still a wait of about 5 minutes, I expressed to her that we had been waiting for at least 50 minutes at this point and while we wanted to sit inside, I asked her if we could sit outside.  She said we could and told me the bartender was supposed to offer us that option.  Seems to me a good manager would have taken responsibility for being in charge of the operation and that if you have clients waiting to be seated and you have seating available you would get those patrons seated, not put it off on the bartender.  Finally we sit.  At this point the restaurant is probably half full.  The waitress promptly  takes our order and she never comes back.  Ten minutes pass with no food and no update from the waitress.  I finally flag down another employee and tell him to cancel the order cause now we are out of time and have to get to the airport.  From my perspective of what happened that day and reading the reviews here of how this place is supposedly legendary, the only conclusion I could come to is they are famous now and really don't care about the customer experience.  At least that is how I felt the manager acted and how we were treated.
5	Perfection!!! About a 30-40 min wait on a thurs night... Just went across the street to have a drink to pass the time. Started w the local greens salad and then had a half and half rosa and wise guy. Yum!!!! So happy I finally made it in :) great date night!
4	Great pizza, we got there early because we were told how long the wait can be. To our surprise, we got as eat at the bar the second we walked in. I think this pizza is very good, but..... There is one place that is better (see my other reviews). The pizza here is definitely special' band the atmosphere is great. I think you should come here at least once while in Phoenix.
1	Rude! We sat down after visiting the children's museum and the waitress came over and took our drink order. Our drinks were delivered to our table and a couple questions about the menu were asked. A few minutes after that a woman came over and asked us if we just sat ourselves. We answered yes because there was an open table on the patio, no sign, and no one had greeted us as we walked up to the patio. We didn't think about it as we did not see anyone standing and it's a pizza place. But we were wrong. The woman told us we cut in front of a bunch of parties and we were brought our tab and asked to leave. I was upset because she was very rude about it and the waitress never said anything. So I ended up having to pay $18 dollars for our drinks and then we walked across to the pub across the street where the food and service was much better. I would never eat here again. At least they could have asked us to wait. Plain rude!!
4	Great place and food! Just a long wait for get in....
5	This is it, folks. This is THE best brick-oven pizza in the country, contest over. I now re-route and re-schedule to make sure this is on the travel agenda whenever I'm out west.
5	It really is a great pizza! Went early for lunch and skip the wait.
3	If you come at lunch it is worth it however a 3 hour wait at dinner it is not worth it.
5	Ok had to add a quick review, amazing unique pizza started the whole gourmet rustic new age pizza craze there the best hands down no one can deny! Simple setting uncomplicated.. Always worth the wait .. come with open mind and no schedule relax in joy!   It's the Bianco experience.
4	This is a great place for pizza. Pros:  great atmosphere and pizzaCons  limited beer selectionprices are pretty high compared to similar restaurants.Overall give it a try and enjoy.
5	Two of the best pizzas I've ever had.  Delicious light thin but puffy charred crust.  Fresh tasty oily sauce.   The marinara with mushrooms, and then a margherita with just a smattering of cheese.  The evening visit was crowded and I had to wait next door for 20 min before getting a seat.  But on Monday afternoon there were few customers and no wait.  Yes, an individual pizza with tax and tip will run you nearly $20, but it's well worth it.  Too bad Phoenix is so far.
4	Don't get me wrong I've been here a few times and it is delicious but anytime a place gets this much hype its bound to be overrated. My first recommendation is avoid the valet parking and park on Monroe street one street north. There is always parking on Monroe and it saves you the 3 dollars plus the tip I'm always obligated to do when dealing with valet services. The pizza is wonderful but it can be a bit pricey. Splitting one pizza between two people isn't very filling so you're probably going to end up getting two. I do admire the area of heritage square you almost get the vibe you're not in Phoenix.
3	We heard the hype.  We have been to Sally's and Pepe's in New Haven, CT and consider ourselves to be connoisseurs of great pizza, having grown up on the East coast.  It was 2:00PM, we were hungry and figured a great late lunch after arriving home at Sky Harbor would be a great way to try this place.  We have lived in AZ for over 20 years and never been.  It's not bad pizza, but it's not worth the hype or the price.  You have to go once just to say you went to eat at Heritage Square.    First thing is the place is tiny.  If you have more than 2 people, you're basically phucked.   There's no table room for large parties.   The pizza isn't bad, but its wood fired pizza.  There's a place like this on almost every corner in the North East.  It would be like opening up Los Dos Molinos in Maine - of course they would love it.  What would they have to compare it to?We had a pizza each (order them with sauce and cheese otherwise it's just olive oil on bread.)  We added sausage (local Schnieder sausage - YUM!) and mushroom to each pizza.  The salads were weak - she had the regular salad, I opted for the farm salad.  Regular was just leaves with some super light dressing.  Farm added goat cheese and pecans to it.   We would not order these again.Two pizzas, two unremarkable salads, an ice tea and a diet coke.  With a tax and tip came to $92. Oh and they charged $3.00 to park your car.   Did we enjoy it?  Sure.  The brick building, the quaint setting and the being able to say, "We've been there" was great. Would we do it again?  HELL NO!!!
5	This place is amazing! I wish they would open in Silicon Valley. I have tried the Rosa,The Margarita and my favorite in the Wise Guy. Every pizza is perfectly cooked and delicious.Can't wait to go back.
4	Great food, if just slightly overhyped. It's a cute building in a great location with friendly staff, but does not win my vote for best pizza in Phoenix, sorry! Definitely check it out though, it's top five, but be prepared to wait!
5	Long lines but way worth it
3	On rare cold day in Phoenix it actually was almost empty , but quality was great as usual very thin crust pizza with fresh ingredients, but after last pizza with olive oil that i actually has to remove with napkins it destroyed all experience and drop rate to 3 stars at best
2	We visited the one at Town and Country and it was terrible. It cost an extra $5 to have sausage added to a pizza that had tomato sauce and cheese (not all the pizzas do). The sausage was practically tasteless and in big chunks, very little cheese, very little sauce and the crust was so thin in places that even the almost non-existent toppings were falling off. We asked if they use the same ingredients and recipes as the downtown location and were told they do. No atmosphere, tiny, uncomfortable tables and chairs. My husband wanted a diet Coke and was told they had Coke Lite which was the same thing. It was in a glass bottle and was imported from Mexico. Why would you import your Coke from Mexico? The staff was friendly but fly by you.
3	Visiting sister in Scottsdale for the holidays.... I wanted to like this place, but it wasn't anything special.  It was good, not great.  That said, it's probably the best pizza I've had in PHX. Cute little place, decent wine list, friendly staff.
4	Fabulous pizza. Took my foodie parents and they especially loved it!
5	Valiantly braving Saturday afternoon crowds and, the hellish seventy-degree weather that is Phoenix winter, I fought the good fight to eat here today.It was worth all the fuss.My visit began at their wait-tank next door, Pizzeria Drunko (placeholder, forgot the name) where in my short two-hour wait I was able to consume five beers and a half-glass of wine, whiling away the afternoon, lusting for the highly coveted Bianco Pie.My reward was a platter of the brightest green and tastiest olives I've ever eaten, a salad fit for royalty, and a pizza so indescribably delicious, I simply can't find words.And that's when it hit me. I was in the magic kingdom of pizza.I summoned the server immediately and ordered three more pies, ate one and took the remaining slices home where in the last sixteen hours, I managed to eat every last slice. No-one in my family is waking up to cold pizza this morning. You hear me? No-one!PS. The margherita with prosciutto was the best, followed by the fennel, the biancoverde with red sauce, and who knows what the first one was, I inhaled that one.
4	If you want awesome east coast pizza in the desert, then this is your oasis! The customer service is fantastic, the atmosphere is rustic and chic, and the pizza is pure yum. Only short fall is the limited draft options. When I say limited, I mean they have one option.
4	I had the farmers market salad here and it was one of the best salads I ever had.  It had fresh Brussel sprouts, salami, gorgonzola cheese.  The pizza was ok, but I love their salad.  Service was great.  We had a great conversation with the server at the bar and he provided tons of recommendations.
4	I love this place, but my last experience while waiting was under par.  The waitress was very slow to take our order, very slow to let us know what we ordered was out, and slow to bring everything.  We normally can handle the two hour wait with great service from bar bianco, but this last visit on 12/26 was disappointing.  The pizza and service at the pizzeria was great, as it is always.
2	Wait for a table was almost intolerable ; 2.5 hours, wish my patience would have been rewarded with the world's greatest pizza. Sadly, it was not.  What a let down !
5	I love this place. I feel the best time to go without at wait is 10:30 AM on Saturday and be the 1st in line for the place to open!
4	Some out of town friends and I finally checked out Pizzeria Bianco in Heritage Square downtown. My friends were vegetarians and my meat-lover self was completely outvoted, so we tried a few pies that I normally wouldn't even glance at on the menu. We tried the Rosemary pizza...and I learned I'm allergic to pistachio's - who knew!?  The Margherita pizza was truly delicious - crisp, flavorful and the aroma of the basil was delightful.  We expected a long wait, and got an even longer wait.  On the plus side, it gave us more time to drink lots of wine and catch up!   I hear the wait times have improved as of late and am happy to see the expansions of this restaurant.   Looking forward to my next visit and trying new options!   Great local pizza place, proud to have Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix!
4	The pizza is simply amazing which I give 5 stars.  Everything else about Pizzeria Bianco is 3 stars.Expect to wait and then wait some more for a table.  The neighboring Bianco-bar...or whatever it's called will help passing the time, but if you are a fan of beer, there isn't much to get excited about.  If you love pizza, you need to go.  If you've never been, you need to go at least once....just don't go hungry because by the time you get a table and start eating, you might pass out of starvation.
4	There is becoming quite a bit of competition in the downtown area for pizza recently. That said, this place has some great pizza. Sometime there is a long wait, but they take your phone number and call you when your table is ready. There are plenty of great bars around the restaurant, so waiting is not bad at all. The pizza is interesting. Most places have basic Italian classics and Bianco has a bit more flair. I can't remember the name of the pizza I usually get, but it has pistachios on it  and it is killer! They have some good wine by the glass as well. It is definitely worth stopping by and checking out if you have the chance!
3	Atmosphere was great.  Located in a 100 year old red brick building.  The downside is that it is so small and the wait is so long, the servers are trying to turn the tables so quickly you don't have time enjoy the company you're dining with.  It really feels like they want you to hurry up and eat, so you can leave.The pizza is good but not amazing and not deserving of all the hype Pizzaria Bianco has received over the years.  If you have ever eaten at Grimaldi's it is almost identical.In my opinion, the best pizza in AZ is Oregano's; Their all meat pizza is on a level all by itself.
3	I guess I don't understand the hype. The service was very good, but the pizza was completely flavorless. The sauce was the strongest point, but the cheese and sausage were completely bland. The service earned them a third star, but I won't be going back
2	Nothing special, it's a little bit of cheese with flavorless sauce on a saltine cracker.  They hype is out of control with this place, don't believe it and certainly don't be one of those fools who wait 3 hours for the privilege of dining at a"pizza" spot that doesn't have pepperoni or meatballs as options, at all.  That's just not pizza.
5	Awesome pizza, quaint place - good for a date
3	I don't understand the hype. I came here b/c an article on the airplane raved about it and said it's comparable if not better than NY pizza. Well, that was all bs.Since I was with my carnivore boyfriend, nothing on the menu sounded good to him except the WISEGUY, which is made with caramelized onions and fennel sausage. I do wish I had tried a different pizza but I compromised since I eat everything.The pizza with fresh mozzarella really lacked favor. The sauce is good, I also very much enjoyed the crust, but sausage wasn't good (fennel overload) and there was no other flavor to this pizza. We also tried Sonny which was better thanks to the saltiness of the salami which the fresh moz completely lacks, but still nothing special. Unfortunately, I think $18 was too expensive for a average if not below average pizza. I will however say that they have EXCELLENT customer service.
5	Everything I imagined it would be and more. WOW, now that is pizza!!!
2	Ordered 2 pizzas. A Margarita and a Wiseguy which everyone raves about. $15 and $18 each.The Wiseguy needed a lot of help flavor wise. All 4 of us agreed it was OK at best. The Margarita was very good and on par with places like Cibo and Grimaldis but 100% NOT WORTH A 90 min wait.We planned to come to this place for 5yrs and finally did. Probably will not return. There are many MANY other great pizzas places in the Valley and this one is mostly HYPE.Oh yea..No Chris BiancoNo ParmesanNo Crushed Red Pepper FlakesPass....
2	All hype and lacking delivery ;-( I really wanted to love the food after hearing so much for so long about this restaurant.The wise guy needed more cheese and flavor for sure.The margarita was good when we added the prosciutto. $6 more for prosciutto.Not worth the hour and a half wait, and most definitely NOT the best pizza in Phoenix.  Sorry, Pizzeria Bianco,  we won't be back.
5	Came here a few years ago with a friend and his family while vacationing in Scottsdale, and knew early on how long the wait was going to be. We hung out at the house next door for about 90 minutes, getting progressively more hungry, but had been told how good the pizza was, so were able to keep the wait time in perspective. Wow, was it worth it. The pizza is to die for. Perfect combinations of meat, cheese, and crust, and the atmosphere is really cool as well. If you go in expecting to wait, it's totally worth it. You forget all the negatives the second you take a bite of the pizza. It really is THAT good.
5	This place really grew on me. It's the best in Phoenix and we are so lucky to live right down the street - sorry to the east valley folks who have to make the haul to have great food, but this Phoenix treasure is worth the drive.
4	Worth the wait! Get some Hop Knot next door and work up your appetite!
5	Best wood fired pizza around and reasonably priced. True Italian style pizza by a chef who's done his research in the old country. Locally grown ingredients that are hand selected. Used to be that Chris Bianco made every pizza by hand and the restaurant was only open evenings, but now he has turned it over to his apprentices and opens for lunch as well. This has reduced wait times and the quality is still there. They've also opened a new location making it more accessible. I go every time I visit Phoenix.This is not a place to go if you are hungry and in a hurry to eat. If you've got some time and enjoy a dining experience with friends, then put your name in and go next door to Bar Bianco, enjoy some drinks, appetizers, and conversation, and before you know it you'll be eating great pizza straight from the oven.
4	Very good pizza for Phoenix!Eclectic style, not the old peperoni and sausage place.The prices are a bit high for the portion size, but the area is high rent so it makes sense.Very clean but a bit stuffy and highfalutin for a pizza joint.
5	On the east coast, this pizza would get 4 stars, but on the west it is 5 star pizza at its finest. Decent dough, a nice bar next door, no car traffic. Great atmosphere.I did not like that the valet is required for parking, nor the fact that I tipped him when I pulled in, then he hovered me for a tip upon leaving.  Holding my door open was a bit pushy. Really? I can't park myself and walk the extra 6 feet?I got the rosa pizza, which I would not recommend (though it was good), but the verde pizza my date ordered was delicious. I also ordered the caprese salad which was excellent. My date had the prosciutto, but it was cooked, an absolute no-no. Next time, I will be ordering the verde and yes, there will be a next time...though I will be parking elsewhere.
4	Its a good place to share the portions, for 2 people we split a salad and pizza. We got the pizza Rosa which was very good! good food and good atmosphere
2	Over priced and there is actually better out there.  Plus on a weekend you could wait up to 2-3 hours for a pizza. I got better things to do with my time.
3	Came for a late lunch, early dinner on a Saturday after the car show at the convention center. It was busy down town, so even at 230/3, we hade a 40 minute wait or so. We started at bar bianco next door with a few drinks and appetizers. I had the hard apple cider -really good and we shared the cheese plate and the ricotta crepes. Yum! The Bianco Dinapoli tomato sauce with the crepes was really good, we dipped our bread/crackers in it. Once our table was ready they called us over to the restaurant. We had a table for 2 inside, it's a bit small inside, making it pretty cosy. We ordered just the Rosa pizza, the one with pistachios. It was really good. Good medium size ish pizza with great flavor. Good for 2 to share. While I did like the bar, the appetizers, pizza, and the location...I'm just not sure I want to wait 40 mins to 2 hours to get in every time.
5	Hands Down the best Pizza in AZ.  Had Sunny Boy and Wise Guy.  Everything from the bread to the sauce and ingredients.   A-1.
4	it was mid-week and on a whim, we decided to try Pizzeria Bianco.  The wait was only 5 min (very unusual!) for 2 of us.  Large parties can wait  45 min-2 hrs.  We ordered a pizza and the server/hostess asked if we were "eating lightly".  We didn't really know what she meant and went with the 1 pizza.  About 25 min+, our 12" Margherita pizza came out.  It was fine for us as I have a little appetite.  My husband loves NY pizza and thought this was just as good.  Thin crust, easy on the cheese.  I thought there might be heirloom tomatoes on top but none of that.  We agree that the prices are a bit high.  The street parking is difficult but there is underground parking available.   We would like to try the other locations to see if it is the same.  The location off Camelback at least has a large parking lot.
3	Great service. Seems to be a very popular place. I love the style of pizza they serve, but I felt our pizza was just good, not amazing. I would be back if I happen to be in the area, but wouldn't go out of my way to score a table.
5	If you love pizza this is the place to get it.Arugula on pizza has got to be the best discovery since blue berry syrup. OH SO YUMMY!
2	I feel that this place is very overrated.  The wait is ridiculous if you try going for dinner and I think the food is so-so.  I would prefer to go to Cibo over Pizzeria Bianco.
4	I have been to Bianco 3 times over the past 3 years. It is not worth the 2-3 hour wait. If you can get in with no wait then it would only be about 3 stars. There are way better pizza places in the Phoenix area. See my reviews for better places.
5	Pizzeria Bianco was a such a nice treat that was nestled away from the convention center where my conference was taking place.  I was in Phoenix for 7 days and at at Bianco 2x.  It was so nice and the atmosphere is really easy and fun.  I didn't order the GF pizza this time around but I had the olives, which were killer.  The olives were so good the second time around we ordered 2 plates of them! mm... I also had the salad with the fennel and it was absolutely delicious.  It was dressed perfectly, not too light and not too heavy... the salad was just refreshing.  I couldn't have asked for anything better.  I also had a side of salami and that was also great.  The pieces were cut thinly and I really enjoyed the salami with the olives and even my salad.  Awesome!  My dad had the Sonny Boy pizza but he subbed in sausage. The sausage was delicious... I stole a few pieces off of his pizza.  Bianco is fast, easy, affordable and the obvious, Delicious!  Go there!  If you live in Phoenix, or are visiting!  I highly recommend.Also, we did not encounter the so called 2-hr wait people in the area talked about.  I guess we got lucky, but were also there during the week days and during work hours.Enjoy Pizza Lovers!
3	A recurring theme seems to be the long wait associated with coming to Bianco and my experience was exactly the same. We were initially told that it would be an hour and 15 minute wait, probably less. We hesitantly agreed to wait since we drove so far to try this place. An hour and 40 minutes later we were seated. Did they rush to take our order? No. Was the taste of the pizza worth the wait? No. They did however give us a free order of antipasto and took off the cost of the salad we ordered which was a nice gesture but didn't make up for the wait. The food is good. Not great. Definitely not worth the wait. But if you can get in quick, give it a try. If you're visiting the Flagstaff area, Pizzicletta is much better and, although very small, will yield a shorter wait.
4	Echoing a lot of other reviews - it's definitely a bit overrated and the wait can be insane (even with a reservation; I can't imagine trying without one).. but it's still a fun and memorable experience with pretty good pizza and wine.If you go, I definitely recommend going with a group of ~8-10 people and making a reservation well in advance (I've never been for lunch but I've heard that it's more feasible for that). There's a nice beer and wine bar next door (which, I assume, strategically at least doesn't mind that people are waiting a long time to be seated).As long as you go with a good group of people and consider the waiting to be part of the experience, I don't think you'll be disappointed.The biggest shame for me is that they don't have patio seating (in Phoenix it's nice enough for that almost year round). That said - it's a beautiful and central location, and if you go when it's a bit chilly out (by Phoenix standards), you probably won't mind eating inside.I can't bring myself to give it an overwhelmingly positive review (mainly because they're so overrated) but I can say that other than the waiting (which is part of the experience if you're with the right people and not in a rush), I've never been disappointed or had a bad time there. Definitely recommend trying it out at least once.
5	Came here first thing off the plane for my first visit to Phoenix. Had heard about this place from a lot of the food channel shows.I tried the Wiseguy. It was delicious. Being a New Yorker I can be very picky about pizza. This place was hitting the spot. Just a great crust and a perfect balance of ingredients.I would come here often if I were any closer. Loves this place!
4	We were lucky because the wait was only 20 minutes for two on a perfect February day! When we arrived, our hostess was a little short with is, but we brushed it off. Finally when we got our table there was some confusion with another couple who thought it was actually their table. Again, another weird thing we brushed off. Our waitress was so nice and very helpful! We got the Sonny Boy and the Wiseguy and split them. It was a lot of food, but we were both starving and it was just enough! They were both delicious! I would not wait 3 hours for them though. Max 30 minutes...Overall I think the atmosphere is great as the food is yummy too!
5	Found this place quite some time ago when they first opened up at the town and country plaza in Scottsdale and fell in love with the atmosphere, service and food. It is all so authentically Italian. The food is amazing - all made fresh there and the pizza is to die for, as are their gnocchi, chocolate cake and coffee. Service is friendly and responsive. The atmosphere is great as well. There is inside and outside seating and it is all set in a rustic theme. This is our go-to restaurant whenever we are down in the valley. You will not be disappointed!
4	Now, an old favorite in downtown Phoenix, Pizzaria Bianco is always a solid choice if you have enough time to really enjoy the experience. Start by putting your name on the list and having a drink at the wine bar next door. And then, enjoy your dinner.
3	I don't really get it. Better pizza at the Parlor and other places in the valley....However, it is an institution. If you go, get the Rosa pizza (red onion, pistachio).  Also, go on either 1) Halloween or 2) whenever it rains (which doesn't happen much in Phx), as this mercifully cuts down the lines.  I'll take visitors here but that's about the only time I'll go.
5	I can't say much more than what's already been said in 800+ 5 star reviews.I prefer Neapolitan style pizza with the simplicity of a few quality ingredients.If you come here with the typical Italian-American style pizza in mind -  thicker crust to support all those ingredients piled on top - then you will be disappointed.The place reminds me of Gusta Pizza in Florence Italy - small, quaint and delish.And people - stop bitching about long wait times... seriously.
4	This is great pizza.  Aromatic, hot, quality ingredients.  People are going to hate me for this however in my opinion  there are certainly better or equivalent pizzas out there both here and certainly in NYC, ORD, SFO This may seem picky but I find the outside crust is better when a bit less dry, for lack of a better word.  The crust IS delicious and the outside of it puffs up etc...it simply seems to lack a bit of chewiness along with the outside crunch,.  The ingredients are good though as is the sauce.  I typically like a more oily pizza The rest of the menu is good too but equivalent to other places I've been.  I agree Cibo is a great alternate plus they have a nice outdoor seating area..
4	The pizza is good and the atmosphere is unique.  Not wait for 4 hours good, but def wait 30 with a glass of wine.  Make sure you ask for the bread with olive oil.  The oil is delicious!
5	On the one hand, I miss the old days when Chris made each pizza himself (or at least still lived in the US)..but on the other hand, the pizzas here on a visit last month were as exceptional as ever (and better yet, there was no wait at lunch on a Tuesday). Sure, you can get a quality Neapolitan-style pizza lots of places now, but Pizzeria Bianco remains the touchstone and I can't think of a better meal anywhere than a Sonny Boy and a Wiseguy here accompanied by a bottle of dry Lambrusco. Bravo.
5	Wow. Awesome place. Small - great casual atmosphere. Great local beer in tap (didn't catch the name). Started with the Spiedini appetizer. We contemplated ordering a second dish of it as it was so good. The came the pizza. We ordered the wiseguy - with mushrooms. It was phenomenal. The one pizza was more than enough for the two of us. Highly recommend this place!  You won't be disappointed.
5	What to say about Bianco that hasn't already been said? The ingredients are fresh, the ideas are creative and the execution is flawless. We waited for about 30 minutes next door in "Bar Bianco." Basically taking our apps in a different building. No big deal and a comfortable way to wait. Once shuffled over to the main house, we enjoyed three pizzas: Margherita, Rosa and Biancoverde. All were exceptionally done. My favorite was the Biancoverde with ricotta and arugula. The Rosa is complex and not a universal crowd pleaser, for some the rosemary and onion can be overpowering. I liked it tho. But you have to try a selection to pick your favorite.  One little detail I love is the use of Futura font on their menus and t-shirts. Very Wes Anderson. Is it the best pizza in the country, probably not but the best in the region is an easy title to bestow.
4	Really good pizza. The restaurant is very small so unless you get there when it first opens for lunch you will probably have a wait to be seated. Also the tables are all close together so don't expect to have a private conversation. Parking is valet and you are charged. I forgot the fee but it's nominal. The lot is very small so again, give yourself some time if you need to find another parking area. Don't let the wait discourage you. It's worth it!
1	Not worth the wait or the attitude. Do yourself a favor. Skip it.
4	Excellent pizza, my wife did not like it as much as I did, had the godfather pizza.  Worth the try if you have not gone before.
1	A very big disappointment. All the reviews I had ever read gave this pizza 5 stars. What a joke! The crust was cracker thin, the tomato sauce was heavy paste with no flavor or spice, and the cost was ridiculous. $18 for a personal pizza about 8 inches. Don't recommend this place to anybody, they will be totally disappointed. However, the atmosphere was nice.
3	Lunch here was rely pretty good, lite flavor not too heavy and great crust. Again it's not American pizza but a traditional Italian fare. The bartender advised me to get 1/2 of their 2 most popular and it was a great choice. I very much enjoyed my meal. Large detractors were the wait-the food is really good, but the fact that they have out door seating as large as the main restaurant and don't seat it is stupid. Also they don't have enough help. The staff was great and very knowledge-but they were running around like the possessed. They need more staff to handle everything. Now I did come in at an off time but it still speaks to a great idea poorly executed based on how the food was delivered. Had they taken care of the few issues I easily could rate this higher.
5	It was everything the press, the web and others had promised!
4	Great pizza and ambiance. Worth the wait...?... I've had better.
5	Great food and ambiance. Pizzeria Bianco will always be my favorite location.
2	OVERRATED......This pizza is not great by any means. Am I a pizza snob? Absa-frickin-lutely I am!! Born and raised in Chicago, I am super picky. Oprah should be ashamed of herself for choosing Pizzeria Bianco as the best pizza in America. Now, I won't be completely unrealistic. The pizza is by no means terrible. It's tasty. But when you think of pizza, do you envision arugula or prosciutto on it? NO! I envision pepperoni with grease droplets and sausage or mushrooms. Yes, I like deep dish...Yes, I like NY style and fold it over and stuff it in my face....Gourmet Pizza?? The two words should never be in a sentence together and if they are, RUN!!!
4	Very good pizza- very small portions, but that is somewhat expected in this type of place.The location and atmosphere is my favorite part, I think. It's in such a cute, vintage little building with a lovely park and center surrounding it. The outdoor seating and indoor seating are both comfortable, though inside it is a little cramped. I love the white pizzas ( I can't remember the name, but it doesn't have traditional marinara-type sauce) and they have great salads, too.They are pricey- if I remember about $16-20 per person, and I didn't get full.BUT it is a great experience and everyone should at least TRY it. Cute for a quiet date night or lunch treat.
3	there is a lot of "hype" surrounding this restaurant.pizza was good... we had fun drinking while we waited(which was a long time but we expected it and made a night out of it).glad we tried it... can check it off the list.. won't go back.
3	This place was good but I am not sure what all of the hype was about on tv. I expected the pizza to be the best I've ever had. It was decent pizza. I don't think I would wait hours like sometimes the wait is. It's confusing when they tell you to wait next door too. Needs to be explained what that is.
3	Good pizza, served with a side of pretentiousness.  From the downcast look "nooo, we don't have pepperoni" to the quick "hey, you got to order something beyond drinks if you hang out at the bar".  .. It is good pizza.  Nice solid crust, crispy, and fantastic and unique ingredients.  Yet the place isn't Tru or Gary Danko or Aliena.  So for good pizza, yes. . .but that is it.  It still isn't as good as Frank Peppe (CT) and that is served with over a 100years of experience.Our two pizza's were great  A olive and salumi pizza that was pure goodness.  The next was some sort of white pizza "are you sure you want a white pizza x10" was equally impressive.The beer selection was anemic (with one local draft and a few bottles).  The wine selection fared even better.If you don't want a pizza , don't eat here.Certainly not a bad place.  . . should be easy to cut the attitude.
5	As a New Yorker, I have really high pizza standards. And this place is fantastic!
4	Was the pizza good? Yes of course it was. Was it the best in the world like as the critics say? No, no it wasn't.  If I hadn't eaten pizza in Italy, or elsewhere in Europe maybe I would not of known better. Ambience of the restaurant is hipster in nature. Food is expensive, along with the drinks, at least they serve real Coke (made with sugar and not corn syrup) in the bottle with no refills.   Service was good.
2	This did not meet my expectations as per the reviews... Great potential, but I will not ever enjoy the taste of burnt cheese on my $18 pizza..
2	Pizza ok and definitely not worth the wait...NO TAKE OUT SERVICE really guys come down off your HIGH HORSE.
4	Good, but not "knock your socks off" pizza. Perhaps my expectations were too high, considering I have been wanting to come here for years. I tried the margarita, which is generally how I evaluate a pizza. Tomato sauce was tangy and delicious, fresh mozzarella was creamy and good as well. Crust had great consistency, char and structure, but lacked flavor. All in all, enjoyable experience, but I left feeling let down considering the hype.
3	Very limited menu allows them to concentrate on the pies they make. Valet parking is 3 bucks... we chose to park an walk half a block. Great service and food.
5	Simple and perfect.If the lines an issue go to Peter Piper or grab a Totino's from Basha's
5	I was worried that with all the hype, this place wouldn't live up to my expectations. I've been here a couple times now and am not disappointed with it at all. Best pizza I've had in Phoenix BY FAR. Service was great, crust was perfect, toppings were fresh and creative. Definitely worth going back.
3	I've been here a few times now.  To be honest, I think it's a bit overrated.  I like pizza crust that's chewy.  Their crust is crispy and usually burnt on the edges.  The restaurant is also really small, so it's tough to get a table.
4	Pizza and salad were delicious!!!! Would have been 5 stars, but it got a little weird at the end. We happily waited for 2 hours for our table. Enjoyed a delicious meal. When the dessert menu came, we were discussing whether or not we wanted dessert and coffee or wine. The waitress told us that we were welcome so have dessert with wine, but we would need to move next door  if we wanted wine after our dessert. She said they needed that table. It was disappointing to wait that long for our table and not feel like we could enjoy our full meal. We would have given 2 or 3 stars at that point, but the house manager apologized. She bought our dessert and coffee while we sat next door. We were not rushed as we enjoyed our wine while listening to some fantastic live music. Without looking you would swear it was John Mayer. Thank you!
4	Love the buildling, love how you can watch your pizza being made. LOVED the atmosphere. Loud but in a good way, perfect evening out with friends. Parking kinda stinks, had to park in a parking garage and walk over but for sure worth the walk. Pizza is delicious!
5	It's the best pizza place in Phoenix, hands down. If you don't like the wait or think the crust is burnt or any other random complaint, go to Domino's on Central.  There's no pretense here.  Pretense means you're pretending.  These guys do not pretend to have the best pizza in the valley, they just do.
2	Over rated...crotchety owner...needs an attitude adjustment.  Friendliness is not an attribute.  The pizza was burned in a few places and the taste was okay - nothing to write home about (and yes...my home is New York).  The wit is not worth it - neither is the food or the tude.
2	If you want an Italian cheese crisp go here. If you want Pizza go anywhere else. NOT worth the wait.
5	I have been going to Pizza B's for years. It is a must stop for out of town guest who think they've had good pizza.  This place ALWAYS blows them away. The Wise Guy pizza is not to be missed.Great place, great food.
4	I love the slice of the day and the salad. I like the atmosphere and the convenient location.
5	We tried this place after it was voted a top 5 pizza place in the world on a show I watched. The pizza was indeed exceptional and I chose to wash it down w a Sunbru from Four Peaks. We tried the Margherita, Sonny Boy and the Wiseguy and the consensus favorite was the Sonny Boy. The salami and gaeta olives were a tremendous flavor combo and it was literally inhaled w only a few skid marks on the plate as evidence that it ever showed up. The other two pies were good as well but our table loved the Sonny. We went at mid-afternoon on a Thurs and it was nice to have no lines and we were in and out quickly. Well-earned 5 stars.
4	I'll give it 4 stars. It was our first time to Phoenix's "best pizza". The pizza is good. Especially the white pizzas.  Love the thin crispy crusts. We ordered 3 pizzas for 4 adults and 1 child. Had some leftovers. The beer and wine list is extensive with plenty of good offerings. The appetizers are good also. Cheese plate could hv been bigger but very tasty. The olive order was definitely very good and a good portion. Unless you arrive early you'll have to wait depending on the size of your party. We waited 45min. They really should build another oven in the bungalow next door versus sending people over there to wait.  They'd be just as busy but they'd get people in n out quickly. Thru hv the space to do it. But maybe they just want to stay a small operation. My wife would go back but maybe not if the wait is over 30mins. I think you can get thin crispy artisan pizza from a lot of restaurants throughout the valley.  ie. parlor, Grimaldi's etc.
5	now that the new location is open and you can just walk in without a 2-3 hour wait, all is right in the world. you don't need me to tell you how fantastic the food is, but being able to pop in for lunch without blocking out your afternoon schedule is what puts it up to Perfect Status
5	Sat outside and enjoyed the nice breeze. Perfect pizza! The dough was amazing, sauce smooth, and the most delicious mozzerella cheese ever! My dad enjoyed his beer as well!
2	Atmosphere is nice, good for a romantic dinner. Got the sonny boy ($18) with a tasty mix of diced tomatoes, gaeta olives and salami.  The pizza sauce was good, not too sour or sweet, but couldn't stand up to the mozzarella which was very fresh.  The pizza dough was nice and crispy, but the edges were burnt (I don't think they expect you to eat the crust).  I saw that every other table was given a bread appetizer except us.  What gives?  Otherwise, the servers were attentive.  Sorry but for the price, I've had better.
5	Surprisingly I've been here three times and I've never had to wait more than 20 minutes. Not that I would mind waiting. The bar you can wait at next door is adorable! Perfect spot to grab a bottle or glass of wine before dinner. The restaurant itself is cozy, warm, and filled with delicious scents from the large oven. The margherita and the onion & pistachio pizzas are my favorites. The ingredients are fresh and delicious and the crust is perfection. The caprese salad is also great! I loved everything about my experience here.. Definitely plan to return again & again. Plan ahead and if possible go with a small party on a less crowded night during the week to avoid a reallyyy long wait.
3	Wanted to try this place because of lots of good reviews but was disappointed.  Food was subpar for price and our pizza was burnt.  I mentioned it to our waiter but was told that is how they are because they are cooked over the fire, I understood that but it's not normal for 1/4 of each piece to be charred black and taste burnt!  Overall was not pleased and won't be back!
3	I don't know why this place has all this hype. It's a very average pizza joint, absolutely nothing special. I found the pizza to be unbalanced in cheese and sauce. The flourless chocolate cake was ok, but nothing special. Average.
4	The pizza is great and the location is fun.  I would recommend trying to find a slower time as it is not worth a 2 hour wait, unless you have plenty of time to enjoy the bar next door for a glass of wine or beer.  Having said that, the pizza really is very good.
4	I am giving four stars for their great customer service and kind accommodation.  As we were nearing to Phoenix, I called at 8:58PM (2 minutes before closing) to see whether they would seat us.  She (Erin?) asked us where we were, and I said 5-10minutes.... When we arrived at the restaurant at 9:10PM, they gladly let us put in an order (although the CLOSE sign was shown).  As a former waiter, I was surprised to have been able to place an order after the closing. Needless to say, we devoured the pizzas in the car, on our way to my friend's house.
5	It must be as good as it gets - I've never been able to get in the place and after getting blind drunk at their wine bar twice while waiting I gave up trying.Been to some of Signor Bianco's other places though - as they say in NYC, I'd go back ...
2	First off I must say I have been wanting to try this place for years. I have heard that it is the best pizza in the country! Has been on a few tv shows and is on everybodies must eat list. As I happen to be in the Phoenix area I set out to finally give this place a try. Warned that there maybe an hr or two wait I was determined to have the best pizza in the country. Get there around noon on a beautiful Saturday day. No line, walked right in. Great start. Order some drinks and a few pizzas. Prices seemed kinda steep but for the best pizza in the world I would pay double. My party of 3 and I are very excited about this pizza until it arrives at our table. Both pizza are kinda small and look very basic. Everyone at the table are looking around at each other like what the hell is this? Don't worry, it must taste unbelievable right? Wrong! There is nothing special about this pizza. It didn't taste bad. It just didn't taste good. You can tell they use fresh ingredients but so do I at home. If this place is considered a pizza mecca than maybe I should open a pizza restaurant because I make a far better pizza than this. Very disappointed by this place. It was like meeting my hero and was disappointed he was just a normal guy. I so wanted to like this place as this place is a legend in the pizza world. A $90 bill later and I would have rather had pizza hut says a lot. Just left and already thinking about where to eat next as I am still hungry. Dont believe the hype. You have been warned.
4	Best pizza in America?  It was good but definitely not the best.  Worth trying if there is no wait.
5	Fantastic! I will be back!
5	Best pizza I've had since living in the greater Phoenix area, hands down! Pizzeria Bianco is located in a quaint historic area of downtown Phoenix surrounded by several other turn of the century homes that have since been turned into little restaurants and bars. We went here after hearing some good reviews for lunch this past Saturday. We got here around 3ish so we were able to get a table right away on their front patio in the shade, but things fill up pretty quickly and I've heard its fairly typical to wait an hour for a table. We split a salad and had the margarita pizza with added fennel sausage. Everything is very simple but is done with very high quality ingredients that gives the food a very unique and delicious flavor! We will for sure be back!
5	The gold standard of fresh Italian. The pizza, the bread, the salads are all incredible! Prepare to wait 2-3 hours for a table.
5	Pizzeria Bianco definitely lives up to their hype.Yes, the wait to eat there is VERY long, but I thought it was worth it, especially when you have great company. I've only gotten their white pizzas there but I have loved them both. The last time I went there, I got the Sonny Boy and it was really good. I've never seen pistachios on a pizza and was a little hesitant, but it turned out to be delicious! The crust on these pizzas is probably the best I've had anywhere and I love to try out pizza places. It is the perfect combination of crunchy, crispy, and chewy. We also got a salad (which comes with their bread) and it was a great, light way to start. It wasn't anything special, but we were starving so the bread definitely helped fill out stomachs up a little bit and made us happy campers after the long wait. :)Whenever people visit, I always take them here and Camelback mountain because I feel like these two are staples of Arizona.
4	love this place! the only bad part is the LONG wait! BUT you can always count on some music under the stars drinking moscato while you wait to be seated! (:
3	The pizza here is as good as it is in most fire pizza oven places I've been to in L.A.  I know most consider it the best in the country or the best in the world, and maybe it so for some reason, which is great but it only means that some people don't travel outside of Phoenix as often as they should.  Once again, the food was a solid good food so there is no issue there.  My only issue is the claim that it is the "best" - that I don't get. OK OK if I have to be super picky, I can also add that the cheese was on the stingy side = large patches of exposed tomato sauce were evident throughout the pie.and the parking, hmm the parking - sucks.  Small parking lot, Valet only (which I don't like at all) + $3.00 for the "pleasure" - really? really?
4	I've been twice.  Both times I ordered the traditional Margherita and was not disappointed.  Additionally I enjoyed the wine by the glass.  The first time I went was in the middle of the week after 8PM and there was no wait.  The next time my husband and I made a reservation and sat outside- fabulous ambiance.  I am only giving four stars because I feel like this place was so "hyped" up before I went I was expecting something mind-blowing.  It is great quality food, great wine selection, great atmosphere - but nothing out of the ordinary for traditional wood-fired Italian style pizza.
5	Excellent gourmet pizza.  Long wait to get seated but well worth it.  Weekday lunch time usually has a shorter wait.
5	Was told about this place from someone on the plane to Phoenix... Spot on! Great Pizza, wonderful flavors! Has the Wiseguy with some wood roasted mushrooms.
5	What is there to say? The hype is real, pizza is fantastic, ingredients are fresh and it shows in the finished product. I was fortunate enough to enjoy the food without the horrid waiting time that is usually the norm at this establishment.
5	This place is sooooooo good!  And it shows because you have to get there early if you dont want to wait 2 hrs for a table.  Luckily they have a really nice wine bar next door that you can wait in.
5	* italian pizza with fresh ingredients and perfect crust *(FUN FACT: back when pizzeria bianco was brand, spanking new...it was called 'the italian restaurant'.  searching for it didn't yield the results desired, so they renamed the restaurant 'pizzeria bianco')I MADE IT!!!  after reading all the reviews about how long the wait was, i didn't know if i was going to be able to eat at pizzeria bianco on a short weekend trip. we were walking around downtown phoenix in the heat. it was uncomfortable...and only the end of march. we were going to pass by to see if it was possible to eat there...it's near ASU in an area with cute little brick buildings. NO LINE!!SCORE.okay, we're eating here. it's LINNER -- lunch dinner circa 2:30pm. nick bianco, himself,  was at the restaurant at the time. he's personable and friendly. complimentary bread that was soft and chewy on the inside with a crunchy crust served with EVOO. we ordered the tomato, mozzarella, basil salad. the flavors and textures were ultra delicious. the curds are from wisconsin, but they stretch it out themselves to make the mozzarella. tomatoes were ripe and sweet. they go local with whatever they can. the flour is made in arizona.we opted for a pizza that was half margherita and half rosa.  now for the taste test of the long awaited pizza. WOW!!!  fresh ingredients in the correct amount put together with the  MOST AMAZING CRUST. loved the margherita!!  the rosa was very unique as it had no sauce just great ingredients of chopped pistachios, onions, etc. I WAS IN PIZZA HEAVEN.for comparison's sake since we are from socal.  we did have pizzeria mozza before.  well, pizzeria bianco is many times better than that. but don't take my word for it, try it yourself.TIP: 1) the reason why there is a line most of the time is because the restaurant is small. people who know better come in 2s. 2 or 4, no more.2) if you don't want to go to the original location, there is another pizzeria bianco...also pane bianco serves the pizza also.
5	Wow is all that I have to say!!
1	i would not even give a single star given an option. Its super highly overrated restaurant in my opinion. one can buy better tasting & cheaper pizza from Dominos, papa jones, little ceaers..........etc. The margarita was still ok but pistachio was ******* crap. I still cant believe they have 45 mins waiting. Even after ordering you have to wait till eternity. Menu has like 5 choices, I understand its a speciality restaurant but then every item has to be super. Sorry big disappointment. Wanted to go there since long but would never ever go there again. I dont recommend it at all.
4	How can someone from Philly even consider eating pizza in Arizona? Well, it was easy since Pizzeria Bianco has such renown. We went almost as soon as it opened on a weekday & got the last indoor table. Within minutes there was a line outside.The interior is charming but small. We thought the service was great & ordered ice teas before figuring out our pizza choices. I was surprised that they only serve sugar...no sweeteners, but that was ok. During our 45 minutes in the place, they refilled water and teas repeatedly. Next came absolutely delicious bread and very very potent olive oil. Yummy!We ordered one 1/2 margherita/sausage and 1/2 pistachio red onion and parm. The other pizza was a plain margherita. The oven is so hot that they came in no time & were they ever delicious! The pistachio was very odd, but very compelling. The Italian sausage was the best I've ever eaten...so flavorful! We loved every bite. The crust was delicious as was the sauce on the margheritas.Best pizza in America? I think that is just too subjective. Certainly one of the best. Don't miss a chance to go to Pizzeria Bianco!
4	Who doesn't love Pizzeria Bianco? Great restaurant...awesome food. The only downside is the wait...but they have a cute wine bar next door to wait until your table is ready. So the wait isn't THAT bad :)
5	Went here Friday night for dinner while traveling on business. Since I was alone I sat at the bar and Dave helped me out. I started with a greens salad and the red wine vinegarette was refreshing but had a little kick, it was perfect. I can never make up my mind, so I was between the margherita and biancoverde pizzas and he suggested I get a half and half ... Great call because they were both fab! I would definitely come back for both. I enjoyed a nice glass of white wine and topped off my meal wIth some chocolate gelato. Not only was the food great, but the service was too!
4	What trip to Phoenix would be complete without a visit to the famed Pizzeria Bianco, which has been arguably called the best pizza restaurant in the country by more than one publication.Located in Heritage Square, and next to the Arizona Science Center, Pizzeria Bianco is a very small restaurant.  When the popularity started to mount, wait times could exceed four hours.  Although the fanfare has seemed to die down somewhat from a national standpoint, Pizzeria Bianco still attracts crowds.In order to avoid any potential long wait in the 110+ degree weather, we got there early enough to beat the crowds and were seated immediately.The meal started off with some nice crusty bread that was super soft on the inside along with some nice fruity olive oil.The handmade mozzarella, tomato, basil and extra virgin olive oil salad is a take on the margherita without the bread.  The mozzarella is super fresh, the tomatoes were a little lacking in flavor and the basil added a nice herbal punch.  A classic salad with few ingredients could have been elevated with riper tomatoes and just a touch of salt.The pizzas are cooked in the wood burning oven that dominates the kitchen and is the focal point of the restaurant.The "Wiseguy" pizza includes roasted onions, mozzarella and fennel sausage.  This is a nicely balanced pizza as the roasted onions brings out the sugar in them to cut the sharpness of the fennel. The "Biancoverde" pizza includes fresh mozzarella, Parmegiano reggiano, ricotta and arugula.  We added anchovies to this pizza.  The pepperiness of the arugula cuts through the richness of the cheeses.  I personally did not like this pizza, especially with the addition of the anchovies, but my dining companions loved this pizza, and was their favorite.The "Sonny Boy" pizza includes tomato sauce, mozzarella, salami and Gaeta olives.  The saltiness of the olives totally overwhelms the rest of the ingredients.  If they were cut into smaller pieces, perhaps this would work better.  After taking the olives off, this became a much better pizza and each ingredient was able to shine on its own.The classic "Margherita" pizza includes tomato sauce, mozzarella and basil.  We added wood roasted organic mushroom and prosciutto.  On its own, the Margherita pizza is fantastic, but the addition of the mushrooms added a nice earthy flavor while the prosciutto added just a hint of salt.Is this the best pizza in the country?  That can be argued forever and never answered, as food is subjective.  I do applaud the freshness of the ingredients, and that everything is hand crafted.Worth a visit when in Phoenix?  Yes.  Worth waiting four hours?  I personally wouldn't.
5	We, work family, and I visit Pizzeria Bianco once a year at Christmas time, and it is as good as everyone says. Before I can finish saying Pizzeria Bianco, my mouth starts to water.
2	Very disappointed after reading the great reviews!  Pizza had no flavor at all!!!  I would much rather spend the money at La Piazza in Glendale and now in  Downtown Phoenix!!
5	Just keep ordering different pies and shut up. Just stuff your face and be happy that you are alive to eat this marvelous pizza! I'm originally from NYC and I know my pizza - and this place is the real deal. Order. Keep ordering. Keep eating. And keep eating some more!! Amazing!!
3	It was good, but I do feel like it was way over hyped.  I think part of my hangup is that I really just prefer a slice of NY Style Pizza.  Service was good and the varity of pizza was also good.
3	Nice location but don't know what the hype is about.  The pizza was way too fancy, thin and not fulfilling.  It did not taste bad but it was just not the pizza you imagine.  The salad was a few leafy greens in a bowl.  Definitely not a salad and would not order it again.  But, the location is great and they have a nice outdoor area (when the weather is nice).  I went in the middle of the day so there was no wait. I believe if you go in the evening on the weekend the wait could be over an hour.
1	Hey Yall....i honestly feel that these folks are going to run me out of AZ for my honesty...but oh well. I AM BEGINNING TO THINK WHEN I TAKE A PICTURE OF AN EATERY B4 I EAT I JINX MYSELF...Lets do a rating scale 1 to 5...1 = LOWEST 5 = HIGHEST CUSTOMER SERVICE 1 AMBINCE 2 FOOD 1...This was by far the worst pizza experience ever...The bartender/server was rude...He offered free samples to the couple next to me, provided plates, and condiments...for me nothing...Never asked me if I wanted a plate...I mean do I look like a savage to not need a plate...ummmm is it okay if I order a drink....finally received my ginger ale nothing special but name not good very bitter and I am quite fond of ginger root...read bottle LOW SUGAR...yucky...back to the pizza BURNT at the BOTTOM....SAUCE NO FLAVOR....OLIVES was the BEST THING olives really AP...yep olives...oh yeah by the way I ordered the sonny boy...HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT or MAYBE THEY JUST DIDN'T LIKE ME....shrugs and hands leftovers to a homeless guy...hope I didn't piss him off :-(
4	This is great and I would give it 5 stars, but that is reserved for a pizza I grew up on back in Illinois.  Sorry, Pizzeria Bianco.  I admit that Pizzeria Bianco  is the best I have had in Arizona.  It does beat oreganos and grimaldi's.  Anyone who loves this pizza, but does not want to wait the 2 hours can go to La Piazza Al Forno in Glendale for authentic Napoletana pizza.  Yes I am a pizza fanatic.
4	The tales of deliciousness sing on their own accord for toppinged bread such as this. The Rosa: Artisnally thin slicings of sweet red onion, Parmigiano Reggiano of aged composure, Rosemary to add a bursting pop to your senses, and  AZ Pistachios for a glorious finish. What is this alien breed of pizza thing? Magic. Though limited, the beer selection was tasty and the Nut Brown would go well with any  of these brick-toasted crusts.The salads? For the Caprese of home made mozzarella was fabulous, the cheese salty but not offensive, the tomatoes ripe and complimentary. And the Farmers Market salad, though perhaps heavy on the white balsamic, a tossing of delight with a citizenry of flavors (gorgonzola, red onion and bread crumbs atop the delicious bite of escarole. Dear bellies, I speak to you. Heed the song and words of our dear savior of Yum, bringer of dinnertime satisfactions, bestower of joyous consumation. Eat here, be here, dine... at Pizzeria Bianco. For me, its worth an hour - 1.5 hour if you're occupied with pre-dinner drinks. and you're looking for a place with great service, great food, and a good atmosphere.
4	What a charming location!  Went in the evening when the place was alit with glowing orange hued lights.  It is on a campus along with a couple of other restaurants Nobou and Rose & Crown making it a quiet place to dine outdoors.Pizza was outstanding.  I had an organic greens salad and Margarita Pizza with olives.  The services was extremely friendly as well.
5	This has to be my favorite pizza place in the state of Arizona, or to clarify it is the best pizza place I have ever been to anywhere.  Great service and atmosphere.
1	Visited based on all raving reviews, and because the owner is supposed to be from phill (where we work) with several friends on our escape weekend. Had a borderline unreasonably long wait time as reservations are not accepted, however they sent us next door to a wine/beer and cheese bar type place, so that killed time pretty well.  My one friend ordered a basic white, and they were out. Not a good sign. We got seated, outside, which is lovely, and the table is so uneven my beer falls over. That sucked but I wasn't a fan of it anyways (nut brown ale, which I usually like, but I'm not faulting anyone for my tastebud preference). The selection of pizzas consist of 3 red sauce and 3 white, that's it. Ok. I can deal with that, because at the bottom of the menu  also has a selection of "additions." I figure I can make my masterpiece. I try to request the addition of a red sauce to the white pizza and you would have thought I was asking the server to kill her first born child. No exception was made. I wanted to have a side of sauce and the explanation was "the chef policy."  Forgive me, but who on earth can dictate what I think will taste better?  I offered to pay for the added sauce but still, no dice. I went ahead and ordered, and got a pizza that was absolutely covered in onions (which, were good in a much smaller quantity, but I guess I'm crazy if I prefer pizza w onions vs onions w pizza. ) The rest of the table tried 4 other types of pizza, none of them were finished. We were all very disappointed.  We are not going to recommend nor return.
2	Thought and expected it to be better. Just average pizza ;(
5	Can't argue that I have ever had a better pizza! You must give it a try.
5	I am actually not even sure why Yelp asked me to review Pizzeria Bianco when I logged in but since I have been there numerous times and I really love this place I decided to go ahead.  I make my own pizza most of the time and everyone raves about how good it is but as far as I am concerned this is the BEST pizza in all of Arizona.  The crust is light and crispy, the toppings are fresh and flavorful and above all interesting.  I read an article in the Arizona Republic about how the vendors at the farmers market save their best for Chris Bianco (who last I knew personally shopped for the ingredients every day) because they like him so much and respect him.  I totally believe that.  I don't like the wait when you got there during busy time but I have to respect that he keeps the place small and the quality high.
5	Such a legit pie - they now have some outdoor seating so the lines are as bad!  All good things take time!
5	It's pretty hard to find a better wood fired pizza, it's the little things that set Pizzeria Bianco apart!  It is a little on the expensive side, and the waits can be a little long, but don't let that stop you.   First off, the wine bar next store is perfect.  We usually grab a bottle of wine and a cheese plate and enjoy the Hertiage District gardens.  There's also a pretty decent pub across the street, but since the wine bar is linked to Bianco they'll come find you there when your table is ready-a small bonus.Of course, the real reason to come is the pizza!  Supposedly Chris Bianco spent a few years hunting down the perfect flour, water, and yeast for his unique pies.  Whether it's true or just a legend, the taste seems to back it up.  The crust has a perfect light and chewy texture that's still crisp on the outside.  It has a nutty flavor that I haven't had anywhere else, probably a combination of the wood smoke and overnight resting of the dough.  I usually go for the Sonny Boy (tomato sauce, salami, and olives)  but you can't go wrong with any of the six pizza choices I've tried.  If you do go for an option with the red sauce, you'll be impressed by the simple, fresh taste of the superb tomatoes.  The cheese and remaining ingredients are every bit as fresh and complimentary to the balanced flavors.  Bianco is the perfect special occasion pizza.
4	We loved it.  Ordered every single pizza they make .  7 of us just went wild sampling and shoveling.  Great cold antipasto & mozz. appetizer.    Favorite part...local soda!  No coke or pepsi.  Supported the local soda mfg.  Thought the world of them for that.  Great staff...best place to eat dinner in downtown Phoenix.  Other restaurants we tried were awful.
5	Okay... There are plenty of pizza's out there. I like lots of them. Hard to find bad pizza. There are many pizza's that come very close but I have to say this is probably the best pizza I ever tasted.I liked the sonny boy. I tried a couple others. They are quality.
4	Delicious! I've been to Italy and this is the closest I've tasted to real Italian za! I had the  sonny boy and it was amazing! I highly recommend it. The wine is overpriced in my book but worth it for the pizza. I will definitely come back!
4	It was about 4 years ago. Long wait since locals compete with tourists.  But pizza is good only if eaten hot/fresh.
2	never been able to make it in the door.  the line is always long and decide to try another time.  maybe one day.
4	Only go here when you're not starving, and you have lots of time to kill. We waited an hour and a half for a table, and honestly, if we weren't with other people there's no way I'd wait to eat a friggin pizza. At least it was a cool evening and we could have wine while we waited. The atmosphere is charming and the pizza crust is really, really, really delicious! I don't eat dairy and ordered my pizza cheese free and it was good! I'd go back for sure, but like I said, only when I have time to spare.
5	Went here on a Thursday night got right in been here a few times usually get the Weiss guy there service is excellent. The pies are about as authentic as Ive seen other than my grandmothers table. Also the atmosphere is quaint and quiet couldn't have been more pleased..
4	Definitely worth the hype - and we went early, so we got a great seat outside on a perfectly beautiful day.  The pizzas were delicious, and I love that you can do half and half.  We also had a market salad, with arugula and goat cheese, and it was fresh and lovely.  I wish they had more beer/wine by the glass, but that is a minor quibble.
4	I was in town visiting my hubs who was in Phoenix on business (March 2014). We had the margherita w/wood-fired mushrooms and the Rosa. Both were great, but the Rosa was the standout winner!  Ordered the Sonny Boy and Wise Guy pizzas for people in his crew who thought they were amazing. When I left town, he and members of the crew couldn't wait to get off to go get pizza there and if they went in late (1pm) it was breakfast. Word spread :)Just a note: this place does not do take out and they get really, really busy. I did not know that and came in to take pizzas away (for the crew). It was almost a problem, but the manager asked the kitchen and they said they had space in the oven to do it. I was really appreciative of their professionalism and accommodation. Great service, I do not forget.
5	Definitely worth the long wait! The food is simply amazing and the atmosphere is quaint! I would recommend the Margherita pizza.
2	The food at Pizzeria Bianco was okay, but I was actually thoroughly disappointed in my experience. It may have been that it had been built up for me for a long time, but the wait was long, the food wasn't the greatest, and the place itself was a bit cramped.1. Wait-time: Before I actually had my first dining experience there, I had tried 4 times previously to eat at Pizzeria Bianco. They don't take reservations, and the line is always out the door (or at least with 4-5 other groups ahead of you). On the day I actually had enough time to wait, I waited around 30 minutes to get seated, and another 10 or so for a waiter, and another 20 after that for the food to come out, for about an hour of total waiting time. **One good thing about the wait was that they had another building for you to sit and order appetizers/drinks if you wanted before you got seated.2. Food: I don't quite understand the hype of this pizza. The crust was burnt and the toppings were not the best either- I tried three types of pizza, sharing it with the friends I was with, but honestly, none of them struck me as absolutely amazing. 3. Small room: I would estimate that there are about 8 tables at the place. Even after waiting for so long, we were stuck at the farthest corner of the restaurant by the restroom, and even that table was severely cramped. One of my friends was squished into the corner while another was awkwardly eating off of a side. I don't regret this experience at all- I have to say it was worth trying, just because it was rated the "Best Pizza in the US" by various celebrity/food critic sources. I just personally wouldn't claim it as the best pizza I've ever had.
1	Certainly didn't live up to all the hype.  The crust had no flavor just like eating flour and water, the center was mushy with burnt crust.  Guess that's why they couldn't put a few more toppings and cheese on it the crust would not support it.  Had just a dab of sauce on it which they are known for and couldn't taste it.  Yes it was fresh but for the price certainly not worth it, probably had 50 Cents worth of topping on a $18.00 pizza.    Wonder if James Beard got the same pizza's we were served.  I agree with another viewer that they need more help, if your going to wait a hour and a half at their "outdoor bar" the least you could have better service and not just left there waiting. He's one smart cookie making a lot of money on a really cheap pizza with a few fresh ingredients on it.  People wake up you can buy a really nice meal for $18.00!'
5	Okay, it is a rare thing when a restaurant lives up to its reputation.  Pizza Bianco certainly did that. The service was good. The salad was excellent. And the pizza was amazing. We order three different ones and we all sampled each. The thin crust was delicious. The toppings excellent. Nothing bad to say on this one.
4	As a pizza snob, I've been to my fair share of good spots and Bianco is up there with the best. My girlfriend and avid yelper tells me though that i'm not supposed to post 5 stars unless its consistently the BEST i've ever had, so I'll abstain and go for a solid 4. I usually go for a basic red sauce pie with cheese and prosciutto. I'm not big for the white sauce. Their bread is great and they always have a nice, albeit small selection of beers. They've also opened up a location in Town and Country off of Camelback and 18th st, which makes it much more accessible to those unwilling to travel downtown and face potentially monstrous wait times for their dinner.
4	Love this restaurant, and the pizza, but the hour and a half wait is just not worth it.
5	Everything from the atmosphere to the wine was as five stars as a pizza place can get. I can't recommend this enough. We got the spaghetti and cheese pizza, splitting both. I definitely recommend splitting a pasta because it's of giagantic porportions.
4	First trip here in awhile.  A couple of things to update since my last visit.  For starters, they now have longer hours so you can take in this place for lunch, dinner, or a mid-afternoon meal.  We came here for lunch around Noon on a Saturday and didn't have to wait long for a spot inside.  Second, they now have dessert offerings.  Today I had their flourless chocolate cake and it was unquestionably the best flourless chocolate cake I've ever had.  Smooth, rich, velvety texture that is easily sharable.  The one thing that hasn't changed much are the pizzas.  The pizzas choices are limited, but good and are made in the same brick oven that has garnered worldwide acclaim for years.  Today my family and I split a margherita, a wise guy (a white pizza with sausage, mozzarella & onion), and a biancoverde (a white pizza with three different cheeses and arugula).  All had great clean texture and a crispy crust.Bianco is a Phoenix institution and now has locations in central Phoenix and soon will be opening a location in Tucson.  With good reason.  It's good pizza.  But despite the hype and the accolades, I still can't declare this the best pizza I've had in AZ.  That title still belongs to Pomo just down the road in Downtown Phoenix.  In my own humble opinion, Cibo and Bianco are pretty evenly matched, but Pomo is just a step above.That said, Bianco has a great product and (as long as you're okay waiting in line for awhile) is worth trying at least once.  From the ambience of its historic downtown location, to the friendly servers and pizzailolos, Bianco definitely offers a unique experience.  Some of you might even find you like Bianco more than the other local titans I mentioned.  Just be sure to pack your patience when you ask for a table.
4	Great pizza, ok service. The dining room is very small. They only have like 6 different pizza choices, only 2 of which are vegetarian. We went on a Monday at 3pm, and we got a table right away. But I can see how it can get crowded on the weekends with its close proximity to stadiums. We parked in the parking structure by the science museum and walked through the park.
3	Doesn't live up to the hype. We had 2 different pizzas there today. Both were dry and overdone. Not chewy at all, like a good brick oven pizza should be. On the plus side, the place is in a cute, 1920s era building & the Caprese salad was great. Won't be back. Totally not worth the drive or the wait.
2	Was so excited to eat here after all the hype. A bit disappointed. CIBO has much better food and much more variety!  My husband doesn't like "fufu" food so difficult for him to pick a pizza!  He chose the Bolognese Parpadelle (meat spaghetti) and it was bland. My pizza came out a bit burnt.
5	My current favorite in Phoenix. The bread and crust is the flakiest golden love I've ever eaten. I got 2 entrees last time because it was so awesome.
5	I've been going to Bianco's since Chris opened his first one at Town and Country Shopping Center. His dedication to family and local suppliers is commendable. Short list of Pizza's and salads, but all is first rate ingredients and service. Often mentioned as the best pizza in USA so give it a try!
1	OK. I'm calling this one. Either this restaurant has perpetrated one of the most successful internet review scams in history or I visited during an epic meltdown in the kitchen. As repeatedly hyped by reviewer after reviewer, I was expecting a well above average pizza comparable to those in New York. Instead, I was shocked to be served the worst pizza in my life.  Honestly, my high school cafeteria's had more flavor. The bland crust had ok texture, but when topped by a scant amount of what tasted like canned tomato sauce and packaged mozzarella, I could barely get through it. And how did they find utterly flavorless basil? I'll never know. The fact that an amazing pizzeria (Mama Mia's on Indian School) exists just a couple miles away makes me sick that I wasted my time and money at this place. I visited the Town & Country location FYI. Won't be back. Ever.
5	i love this place, and i love the pizza. :)
3	A little pricey. Great service! Ok food.
5	If you have never been, you haven't lived!  Anything you get is amazing, all the ingredients are local and fresh.
4	After hearing that this place was endorsed by Oprah's friend,Gale, as the best pizza in the US, I was skeptical, considering that NY and Chicago have more worthy pizzerias.It's in an area which is desolate at night except for this pizzeria.  We had a 1.5 hour wait so the hostess recommended us getting a drink at the bar next door.There were 4 in our party so we ended up ordering the Margherita, Wiseguy, Rosa and Biancaverde.  The only pizza that we all felt wasn't that great was the Rosa.  It had a few cheeses on top plus AZ pistachios.  It just wasn't flavorful and was quite dry.  The wine paired with the pizzas was great.  Service was exceptional!  I wouldn't say that this place is the best pizzeria in the US but probably best in AZ.  Check it out if in area but be prepared to wait.
3	Tried 3 different pizzas and the Wiseguy won. Pizza selection was minimal. Great service.
3	When I heard I was going to Phoenix on business, the first two words I thought were "Pizzeria Bianco." Food and Wine named them one of the "Best Pizza Spots in the U.S.," and Bald Bryan was always singing their praises on the Adam Carolla Show. So of course I had to check them out.Besides the high praise, I had also always heard to expect a long wait. So I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived at 6 and found several empty seats outside. I ordered a pizza, half Rosa and half Wiseguy, and some of the house white wine. The Rosa had red onion, Parmesan, rosemary, and pistachios. The Wiseguy was topped with smoked mozzarella, roasted onion, and fennel sausage. Both choices were good, but not as awesome as I had expected. I actually was more impressed with the house wine.This is a traditional wood-fired pizza, light on the toppings and with no tomato sauce. And while I have no problem with that, I've had much better wood-fired pizzas elsewhere. That said, I'll leave it up to you whether this is one of the best pizza places in America. I definitely think it's worth a visit, but not if you have to wait three hours. And if you're eating by yourself, as I was, I suggest getting a half and half (definitely try the Wiseguy; I'll leave the other half up to you).
2	Yea it's bland crust and a few toppings.The hype for this place is ridiculous. It is NOTHING special at all, and it is not worth the high price.
5	Great atmosphere, great food! Love the little wine bar and out door brick area for waiting customers. Quaint. We had a great moms night out
4	This quaint, little house is a perfect place for a date! the food is great and the staff is friendly.
5	I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this yet!This a cute little restaurant tucked away in a tiny neighborhood. Find a place to park, then walk through a little Phoenix history en route to a slice. There was a bit of wait, but they have a bar next door where you can get drinks while you wait and that makes it go by quickly. Everything on the menu is very share-friendly: pizzas, big salads, etc. Crust is perfect and delicious, and of course you will have great breakfast leftovers. Highly recommend!
4	Very good food and great ambiance. The only problem is the wait, since the place is small there is usually an hour wait to get a table. I would suggest getting there early to put your name in, then having a drink next door. The pizza is close to what you find in Italy. Thin hand tossed crust with fresh toppings and the wood fired oven gives it a delicious taste.
5	What can you say?  Excellent pizza, very long wait.  One of those things you do for a special occasion or when you have out-of-town guests.
5	Amazing pizza and pastas.  We had to go twice in our 2 week stay in AZ.Will be dreaming about our next visit.  The Gnocchi dish was over the top good.  The browning method in the pan gives the whole dish a nice toasted potato flavour. Service was excellent and the locations/ambiance gave the perfect setting for an upscale Italian meal experience.A restaurant Phoenix should be very proud to have.
5	Just stop.  I know you all read Yelp and try to see if the reviewers know what they are saying, have similar taste, have a clue.How Pizza Bianco is not 5 star amazes me.  It shows the flaw in Yelp that there are actually higher rated pizza places in Phoenix, when there should be no better rated in the world.I am from NY, traveled the world and have been to Naples, Rome, Sicily, etc.  When my flight lands in Phoenix I beeline it to Pizza Bianco.  Burnt crust, light but textured, fresh but straightforward toppings.  Now that there is no or little wait it can truly be enjoyed! Go and go quickly.  Whoever is not giving it 5 stars is simply judging it against the fact that it gets rave reviews.  And from my standpoint the rave reviews are well deserved!
5	Pizzeria Bianco isn't just a restaurant, it's an institution.  Ever since I moved to the Valley of the Sun five years ago, I've watched peoples' eyes glaze over as they ramble on and on about how amazing the food is there; many argue that it serves up the best pizza in Phoenix (if not the country).  Why it took me so long to get there is a mystery but after going today, I can unequivocally say that the rumors are all true - it is fabulous!LOGISTICS: Nestled in the Southeast corner of Heritage Square near the Arizona Science Center, Pizzeria Bianco sits in a rather small brick building with an outdoor patio and charming little bar.  While the space restriction makes for a more intimate dining experience, I could easily see this place becoming swarmed with diners during peak hours; so perhaps coming before or after the main lunch/dinner rush would be a good idea for those who are patience-challenged or in a time crunch.  Park in the structure off of 5th and Monroe - the restaurant validates your ticket (I ended up paying $0 instead of the usual $12).  FOOD: Wow!  Just wow!  I ordered the Market Salad, which consisted of fresh local cantaloupe and honeydew melon, cucumbers, mint, red onions, and peppers served in a yogurt dressing; it was hands-down one of the most creative and refreshing salads I've ever had!  They serve their sodas in old fashioned glass bottles and bring freshly-baked bread with olive oil to your table - haven't had olive oil that good in ages!  If you can't decide on one pizza combo, they're great about doing halfsies.  I ordered a half Margherita, half Rosa (red onion, parmigiano reggiano, rosemary, and Arizona pistachios) pizza - both were sheer perfection!  Crust is heavenly, ingredients are beyond fresh, innovative toppings - who'dve thunk pistachios would taste so good on a pizza?!      SERVICE: Pizzeria Bianco runs like a well-oiled machine.  The service staff is amazing - both friendly and fast.  They greet every single guest who comes and goes - pretty impressive! I don't really think you can go wrong here.  I came in skeptical but left a believer; somehow they worked their magic over on me - another happy Pizzeria Bianco customer.  A thousand flies can't be wrong!  ;)
5	Expect to wait. Sunday at 9 pm room about 45 minutes for a table. I gave waited up to 3 hours! Was served bread and oil immediately and the bartender was awesome!Best pizza in America according to many including Oprah! Menu is basic my favorites are the marghertita and sonny boy but I have experienced the entire menu and love them all! One pizza has a TON of great meat.I love this place
5	Fresh local ingredients and great service.
5	Pizza here is as amazing as you hear it is.  If you want to come here and not wait forever, come on a weeknight when there is no Diamondbacks, Suns, or any other professional sports games, or any other large event downtown.  You'll wait less than an hour.  Definitely worth it.
3	Good pizza. But this place is waayyyy over hyped!  Small crowded and an antsy staff excited for you to vacate the table. Pizza lacked richness and salt.  Good place give them a try but we were left less then satisfied.  Once again the Hipsters have taken over Yelp.
4	It almost lived up to the hype. Very good pizza.
1	We don't get all they hype about this place?! We are a 46 year old couple with no kids and dine out at least 3 nights a week. We love to try new places.I always read Yelp for great, fun places to go for date night. This time I didn't have time to read the reviews but I had heard this place was on Oprah or the travel channel or some cooking show, so It's got to be great right? This date night we had tickets to see Les Miserables at 7:30 on a Saturday for my Man's B-day. I called the restaurant on Tuesday to see about getting reservations for Saturday because I had heard about the nightmarish wait times because it is just THAT GOOD! They said they only allow 4 reservations and they were all full. Umm, ok...Well that's just wonderful. I explained that we were willing to come early so we could be through and get to Phoenix Theatre for our show. The woman said to call back at 4:30 on Saturday and she would tell us how long the wait would be. I did and we got in after 10 minutes! (at 5 pm) Yay! I thought, this is a great start to birthday night.  When we walked in it was extremely cramped, the tables are almost on top of each other. A very large man was seated behind us and I saw people just give up and go around. It was also EXTREMELY LOUD, the loudest place I have been in quite a while. We were seated right in the middle at a tiny table that barely had elbow room. I started to feel claustrophobic and couldn't hear a thing my man was saying and he couldn't hear me. I spotted and pointed to a newly vacant table in the corner and we made a mad dash for it. Ahhh... a little quieter but I still couldn't hear well. Then I looked at the menu which was only about four choices of pizza to order from. I thought that we would share a pizza but when the waitress came by she explained that the pizzas were about the size of a dinner plate and most adults get their own. Then I looked at the price and about had a heart attack! Now, I am not a tightwad, I will pay dearly for excellent food. Then I was shocked to see that for the price we were going to pay the salads were not included? Really? This is a pizza joint, not the Four Seasons Resort. The pizza came quickly. I was soooooooo disappointed. I am what you might call a pizza whore. I could eat pizza every day. I won't though because I would be huge. I ordered the Margherita and my man had the Sonny Boy. We were never served any bread and oil while we waited either. The pizza crust was so thin I bet I could have seen light through it and the sides were burnt.  I get the wood fired oven thing but this was ridiculous! There was a tiny amount of sauce, even tinier amount of cheese and 4, count 'em, FOUR pieces of basil. Now, I'm not saying it tasted bad after I broke off all the burnt pieces, it was just ok. It was nothing special and not worth the 40.00 we spent for 2 small pizzas and no drinks with tip. My hands were black and my man somehow got black all down his white sleeve. Then driving to the show in the car I noticed that I had black all over my neck! I know I really get into my pizza but come on! I shouldn't need a bath after. We won't bother coming here again because when we left I said to my man with a big grin on my face "I'm still hungry where should we go for dinner?" He laughed and said "Me too! That was a huge rip off for $40.00 and you leave hungry."  Our conversation was overheard by some guy and he said "I hear that a lot." Hmmmmmm
4	I'm a New Yorker who knows his pizza, and a former LA resident in love with Nancy Silverton's Pizzeria Mozza. I was skeptical about pizza in Phoenix, but I will have to say that Bianco more than met my test. I enjoyed a nice red blend wine ($9) and a pizza that was half Rosa (white sauce with pesto and pistachios), and half Margherita with fennel sausage. The mozzerella on the Margherita was itself worth coming to the restaurant, but the pizza crust baked in the charcoal oven was outstanding. I can't really say which of the two pizza halves I enjoyed more, but I am a sucker for fennel sausage (Mozza's is a bit better and seemed more fresh, but I am not complaining). I promised not to eat the whole pizza myself, but I couldn't help it. The crust was thin, and besides, Oprah thinks it is the best pizza ever. If Oprah says it is, then I must eat at all so as not to disappoint her. I arrived without a reservation, and I was immediately seated by a very friendly host who kept checking on me throughout the evening. Great service and excellent food, and one of the must stops in Phoenix.
1	This place is completely and overwhelmingly overhyped. The pizza was tasteless and probably one of my least favorite I've ever had. Grazie and Grimaldi's are by far greater and underrated. Pizza Bianco had dust that should warrant the attention of the health department. If I could I would give this place 4 thumbs down. Overrated!!!!
2	IMHO the whole Pizzeria Bianco hype is a little bit  overrated.The last time we went there we were told it would take 4 hours to get a table......Are you serious? Who in the right mind wants to wait 4 hours in front of a pizza place to get seated?While the pizza is great it is not the best.Do yourself a favor and go to the Town and Country location, same pizza even to go.I still prefer The Parlor over Pizza Bianco.
5	Legendary! Get the Rosa and have them add the wood smoked mushrooms to it.So good
4	Best pizza in the country? Nope. Good pizza? Yes. I wasn't expecting much, so I was pleased when the pizza turned out to be pretty good. The crust was nice and bubbled with lots of little black bits around the edges. Good crunch on the rim and a good chew going towards center (that's what she said!). But the highlight for me was their red sauce; not too sweet, just a bit of tang, a little spice, and very well rounded. It really made the pizza for me. Their other "sauces" or lack thereof, left a bit to be desired when alternating bites between pies:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=tL440Sn0GC3w2KoITKk8Rw#tL440Sn0GC3w2KoITKk8RwI was told horror stories of the lines, but we got there just as the opened for lunch on a random week day and the place was empty. I'd go back if in a pinch in Phoenix.
5	I enjoy thin crust. I loved this place. Crust does not taste like cardboard. Really liked the tomato sauce. I feel it's definitely on the pricier side.  We had the margherita pizza with sausage added. Definitely recommend. My boyfriend likes thick crust pizzas like Chicago style... and he had very positive reviews. Right next to science center and cute area for a date also
1	Pita JungleThe food is good,
4	Great Pizza.  Long wait but it was worth it.
2	The pizza was great. However the service was horrendous. We were basically sat at the forgotten table where we got no service. Our server spilled my beer and never cleaned it up. Our food ticket got lost and it took 45 minutes and us trying to flag someone down to even get attention. When we brought up that we didn't have food, they acted totally clueless. Then offered us a complimentary salad to make up or it. We didn't want the salad because we weren't that hungry, plus after 45 minutes they finally put some bread on our table. When the pizza came, our server and everyone else ignored us. No manager even came to apologize. So when we got the bill we expected at least 20% off especially since we didn't want the salad. No discount, no server, the hostess brought it to us and therefore, very little tip.
3	Our friends from N.M. heard good things so we took them here on their last visit. We had tried it before & were only marginally impressed but when friends come from out of town...you know the story. Not only were we not impressed again, our friends couldn't see what the fuss was about. The customer service lacks, it's loud, the pizza, pasta & salads we shared were average and that pretty much sums it up. We won't go back even if our out of town friends insist but if you like average food and average service at an average price...this place is for you. Enjoy!
5	Delicious! A little overrated but the pizza really is fantastic.
1	This is very over priced bland pizza...if you can even call it pizza. Went there one time with a co-worker.It  was packed with people and we thought we stumbled on a real gem. Neat renovated old building...but food was really aweful...wont go back.
3	I've read about this pizzeria in numerous magazines so I was excited to finally make it in.  The bread was good, the pizza was good.  I had the wiseguy definitely different tasting kind of pizza than I had.  The wait staff was a little pushy when asking if we were ready to order, I think he asked like 6 times.  Sloppy when poring my drink and reaching across the table without saying pardon my reach.  Don't go if your a big eater I think I was still hungry when I left haha.  I would go back because the pizza is unique. Hopefully the wait staff is less pushy next time.
5	Pizza was great, wine kept the girlfriend happy!
4	So actually tried this place about a year ago, but am just now getting around to posting the review. My Family and I have always wanted to try this place, and have heard countless good reviews from everyone from yelp to the Food Network. While at the Matsuri Festival, we saw it not as crowded as usual and jumped at the chance! The pizza was very good. I knew that people loved it, but I wasn't sure how I would like it. It would definitely be a great place to go to meet up with a friend or have a casual date in town.
5	Great pizza! Had the biancoverde and it was amazing ! The blend of cheeses is awesome and the arugula on the top is the kick you need to cut trough the richness of the ricotta.Great service , got a complimentary gelato and it was a really interesting nutmeg flavor, would have never thought of making such flavor in gelato, great call. Also the establishment is quite charming.
4	This place is just heavenly, it's a small restaurant with maybe 40 chairs inside and about 20 outside. With usually long long long lines to get a table. I've waited 2 hours before for a seat at the bar, yes it is that good. On this occasion I must have hit a sweet spot, because at 7 PM on a Tuesday night the place was  1/2 full and the bar seating was empty. I waked in and was worried it was closed. Thankfully it was not, just a lull between the storms of guests I guess. By the time I left an hour later it was packed and people were waiting for a seat.In any event I started out with an organic salad topped with blue cheese, bacon and house made croutons with a light vinaigrette. It was incredibly fresh, tasty and yummy and got my tummy yearning for my pizza. Sure I could have dined on pizza alone, but hey I need my greens and vegetables.Secondly I had the ever popular "wiseguy" pizza. All their pizza's come in one size and can easily be shared with your best buddy, if you like to share. Or like in my case take half home and eat it for breakfast in the morning. The "wiseguy" is a very simple yes incredibly delicious white pizza, with fennel sausage, caramelized onions and very thinly sliced fresh mozzarella. Because the crust is so thin it stays supper crisp and the ingredients get to shine. It's hard to describe why this pizza is so so good, but it just is. I think between getting a pizza with only three toppings on homemade fresh dough, made the way it is in New York has a lot to do with it. The cheese just adheres to the dough and creates this cheese skin that the other topping just stick to. Add that to the char that the wood fired oven creates on the dough, and you have pizza perfection. Plain and simple.
4	Simply good but long lines...
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy. Very gormet, cute atmosphere. It's a little pricey though for pizza and soda though. So pricey that I would say a 3.5 star would be more appopriate, but based on the service, and the ambiance, and the flavors of the food they get 4.
3	***Phoenix's Pizzeria Bianco has greatly influenced the many excellent Italian style pizzerias across the country like Los Angeles' Pizzeria Mozza; I felt the pizzas at Pizzeria Bianco were good though less satisfying than several of the outstanding restaurants it inspired***Pizzeria Bianco is one of the country's most celebrated restaurants for pizza.  It won a James Beard award long before many of the Italian style pizzerias featuring high quality, fresh ingredients started popping up in major cities across the country.  This Pizzeria Bianco (there is another location in the Phoenix area) is in Downtown Phoenix and is located just a few blocks away from the city's major sports venues like Chase Field.Pizzeria Bianco has a great exterior with its historical looking brick structure.  The inside dining room is fairly small, but it is vibrant and comfortable and showcases a wood burning oven behind the bar.In addition to their signature pizzas, Pizzeria Bianco's menu features a small selection of starters and salads.  Pizzeria Bianco's antipasto plate offers a variety of wood roasted vegetables, sopressata and a hard Italian cheese.  I did not really care much for the vegetables.  I felt they were a tad soggy and the broccoli was oddly sweet.  Zucchini and peppers were some of the other vegetables on the plate.I really liked the sopressata though.  It was not just a standard salty cured meat.  It had a good salty note, but it also had a bit of spiciness.  The sopressata was also perfectly thin and moist; it combined with the dry cheese and their baguette to make for a great bite.  Prosciutto wrapped figs were also on the antipasto plate.I tried a variety of their pizzas.  My favorite would be their margherita.  All of the ingredients were good.  There was a good tomato sauce, nicely melted mozzarella (the right amount too) and fragrant basil.  I did feel those same ingredients shined more at Los Angeles Italian pizzerias like Pizzeria Mozza and Milo & Olive.  I also felt the crust at Pizzeria Bianco was a tad bland.  The crust at Pizzeria Bianco though was uniformly thin and crispy.I also had their margherita pizza and added prosciutto and arugula.  This was a good pizza though the prosciutto at Pizzera Mozza has a much more delicious flavor as well as a more satisfying thin and soft texture.  Their Wiseguy pizza with fennel sausage, roasted onion and smoked mozzarella was okay though I personally have never been a fan of pizzas without tomato sauce.Service was quick and pleasant.Prices are okay.  Given that Pizzeria Bianco is a pizzeria, you are obviously going to be able to dine here at a much lower cost than other highly celebrated Phoenix restaurants, which tend to be more upscale and feature fine dining prices.  Pizzeria Bianco is priced similarly to most Los Angeles Italian pizzerias though it offers more reasonable prices than Pizzeria Mozza.Pizzeria Bianco is a good option for Italian style pizza though I have enjoyed other places more for Italian style pizza like Los Angeles' Pizzeria Mozza and Milo & Olive and Minneapolis' Pizzeria Lola; while Pizzeria Lola does not have the great crust of Pizzeria Bianco, I felt the toppings, sauce and cheese at Pizzeria Lola were all more delicious.  I also thought my recent trip to Los Angeles' order-at-the-counter Pitfire put out a more satisfying pizza.Still, Pizzeria Bianco has a lot of history and it has inspired many pizzerias across the country including Pizzeria Mozza.  Given Pizzeria Bianco's similarities to many other Italian style pizzerias found in major metros like Los Angeles and San Francisco, it might not be the best choice if you are only in Phoenix for a night or two.  But if you can try some food that is more unique to Phoenix and still have a few lunch or dinner slots open, Pizzeria Bianco is worth a visit.I am not sure what the parking situation is in Downtown Phoenix, but it looks like parking would be easier to find here than downtown areas in other bigger cities like Los Angeles, Chicago and San Francisco.  Pizzeria Bianco also offers valet parking.
4	The smell of fresh baked pizza, fresher than you'll find anywhere else in Arizona, is amazing when you walk into this place, but that's probably not your first impression of it. On a cool weekend night, you'll notice the long wait for a table; however, go to their building next door for a glass of wine while you wait. If you like your dinner companion, why would you mind? It's a relaxing and comfortable atmosphere, like a barbeque from your friend's back yard. The food is excellent and served for sharing across the table. I recommend it.
5	I walked into this restaurant, thoroughly enjoyed the meal, and then found out two weeks later on a Yahoo! article that this place was one of the top pizzerias in America.Located in a quaint plaza, Pizzeria Bianco is absolutely delicious. I would recommend sitting at the bar. Great friendly service from the bartender. I have to say the complimentary olive oil and bread was almost as good as the pizza. I had to stop myself from drinking the whole container of olive oil. With some friends, I ordered the Margherita and the Wiseguy, as well as a Caprese salad. Really fresh ingredients and loud flavors in both the salad and pizza. No doubt in my mind this is one of the best pizzerias in America.
4	Great service, tasty pizza. I highly recommend going during non-peak hours
3	wayyyyyyy overhyped. Pizza was just ok, and overcooked to the point of not just blackened but just flat out burnt. The parking sucked, the wait was ridiculous (we went out for an appetizer at Majerle's while waiting and had a better time with better food), and the beverage situation for non-alcoholc drinks was just plain stupid. Atmosphere was way too loud and the waitstaff seemed scattered/discombobulated. Won't be back any time soon, just not impressed enough to bother with it.
5	Earns the rave reviews it gets. Pizza is amazing.
5	Seriously the best pizza in America!
1	After hearing amazing reviews during my 5 years living in Arizona, I finally decided to make the 30 minute drive to check out the hype.  I checked the website for menu and hours before making the trip. Someone had suggested to order ahead as the wait can be long, even on a weeknight, so while driving, I called ahead. No one answered but the voice message gave hours which suggested they may just be too busy to answer. Upon arrival, they were closed.  At 6 pm on a Tuesday evening. Their website and voice mail clearly stated 4 pm to 10 pm Tuesday-Saturday. There was another couple standing outside as well, in similar disbelief.  What a waste of a drive.  Luckily Federal Pizza was just a few miles up the road and they were not only open, but the staff was great and the pizza was outstanding. Very poor job of maintaining public communication.  Fail. I won't bother trying again.
2	The salad and pizza were very good, but NOT worth a 3 hour wait. Really. Heard good things, tried it once, won't be back.
4	This pizza was amazing. The crust was thin and crunchy in all the right places. Truly, the crust makes the pizza. Simply delicious. However, waiting outside for two hours in order to get a table? Not my favorite. If you have a willing friend who is naturally the martyr type- then definitely take the opportunity to eat here. Otherwise, check out Cibo- a small house-turned-restaurant nearby with pizza that is almost as good.
2	Cute restaurant. Very pleasant staff with quick service, though we were there early on a Tuesday night. For free Fresh bread with olive oil. The white pizza we ordered (can't recall the name) was ready in less than 10 minutes. It was good, but not the best pizza I've had by any stretch of the imagination. $18 for the equivalent of a small pizza with apprx a tablespoon of cheese and three onions is absurd. We were hungry an hour later. Glad I ate here for the novelty, but will never be back.
3	I know this is supposed to be the best pizza ever but I just don't feel the same.  The crust is amazing but their topping selection is not.  They have strange pairings and I am a pepperoni type of guy.
3	The pizza is decent.
4	Overall really impressed with the pizza. The food was consistent, not greasy, and clean. The prices are what you would expect. I do not make it downtown to often but would never turn down an opportunity to go to Bianco. I found the best setting is going with a group of friends. Enjoy a good bottle of vino and laugh with friends in a great atmosphere. Nothing negative to say about my experience or the food. Go and enjoy a delightful evening!Best advice about this style of pizza: -If you are a Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, or Dominos type of pizza lover you may not enjoy the pizza in the same manner. - If you are someone who enjoys a more traditional italian roots style pizza you will not be disappointed. Bianco did a great job creating a delicious signature style pizza. Two thumbs up!!!
5	Update:I have been here so many times, and I rarely have a wait.  I hear from people that have never been here before that they don't want to wait 4 hours for a table.  I just went this last Friday at 6pm and there was NO WAIT!  I honestly can't think of a time I waited more than 10 minutes for a table!  Some times I'm actually sad that there is no wait because I do want to go over to Bar Bianco and hang out for a bit before going to dinner!  :-)
1	How disappointing. We had heard a lot of good things about this place and decided to give it a try on a Friday afternoon. We went there pretty early and were lucky enough not to have to wait for a table. The service was pleasant enough but we were starving so we were primarily focused on the food. Our pizzas came out fairly fast. We ordered the Wiseguy and the Rosa (with extra mushrooms for the latter). The first few bites were good (we now think it was because we were so hungry) but over the next couple of minutes the pizzas became less and less pleasurable to eat. The crust was thin (no issue there, we both appreciate a good thin-crust pizza) and very very hard. So hard, in fact, that it hurt the roofs of our mouths and we could feel it for a couple of days afterwards. I had to keep washing it down with water to soften each bite. While I enjoyed the flavors of the Rosa, I probably had about a tablespoon's worth of sauce and toppings on mine, and it dried out within minutes. My husband had a similar complaint about the Wiseguy, and upon tasting it, I thought it also could have used a little more flavor. We both felt the crust tasted like a dried-out ciabatta. The only reason we finished the hard crusts was that we were still hungry.Overall, we definitely won't be going back there. Grossly overpriced for what it is. I can't even imagine how upset we would have been if we'd had to wait for a table given the quality of the meal. And the pizza certainly didn't rank anywhere near our top 20.
4	Was headed to another establishment and noted there was not wait!! hooray! so change of plans - and very pleased with the decision. Great place to grab a bite of unique offerings, wonderful salads and really good service. will be back again.
4	My wife and I ventured out to downtown Phoenix to Pizzeria Bianco. Small place but well worth the wait. It's a little pricey but the pizza is of the chain if you like thin crust.This place definitely gets a "yeeesssss mister."
5	What a cool little place! REAL Italian food and atmosphere. We got the Margerita Pizza, which was delicious. You really can't beat good dough cooked in a brick oven. The basil is grown in a little planter box right out front. We also indulged one the flour-less chocolate cake, and if you've never had it, OH MY GOD. It's cake that's the consistency of fudge....Also, I have read other reviewers complain about the wait, but it's a tiny quaint place, nestled in a historic village setting. What is the problem? Our hostess quoted us 20 minutes and directed us to the beer and wine bar next door which was also very cool and it was happy hour so no complaints there. The wait was only ten and we could take our drinks with us. Great food, super freindly and interesting staff. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves Italian food but thinks places like Carraba's  don't quite cut it.
1	Really???     "369 reviews for Pizzeria Bianco that are not currently recommended" of which one was from my wife and I.   How does 25% of all the reviews not get factored into the overall rating? New one opening in Tucson and I wont go there either.  Dumbfounded and wont rely on Yelp any longer.
5	Delicious. The freshest pizza I have ever tasted. You can tell they grow their own ingredients. I don't think I'll ever be satisfied eating pizza anywhere else. Oh, and you can't beat flourless chocolate cake! The cream with it made it perfection. So impressed.
5	A true Gem in Downtown Phoenix! We LOVE to enjoy the wait time at their adjacent bar house. Their Pizza is worth the wait & we love sitting at the bar!
5	best pizza in Phoenix! worth the usual 2 hour wait, there's a great bar across the street:)
4	we went family style and ordered 4 different pizzas and shared them all.  They were all good.  I was fortunate that we were done with patients early so when i got there, there was hardly any wait.  Everyone enjoyed them, but from my other experiences I know you can wait up to 3 hours to get in.  Its got a great decor but is small, and this often means you end up waiting a while.  I do not think it is worth anything more than a half hour wait but it is good.  All the pizzas are good!
4	I had heard all the possible hyperbole about Bianco being the best pizza in the world or at least the US. So when I got to SD on business I checked it out. Let me say that yes the pizza is good. Hard to say if it is the best pizza I have ever had and to be fair the owner does not promote this.I like thin margarita style pizza and this is what i got. I am a big eater so I ordered two large as the pizza is so thin it isn't a whole lot of food or for me very filling.I would say that the pizza is worth dining here. Will I go back? Probably if it is convenient. Pricy I spent $70.00 with tip for 2 large pies and a few beers but you get what you pay for. Everything is fresh and artisan. I think you should go and judge for yourself.
4	Me and some friends were traveling through Phoenix, and read about how amazing this place was. Boy were the reviews right! I am a big fan of thin crust pizza's, most of the pizza there are thin crust, and it was delicious. Highly recommend wiseguys. Its got white sauce, cheese, and amazing sauage! The space was small, but seating was spacious. The staff was very friendly. If you're passing through, this place is a must try!
5	wow this is truly the best pizza place in phx. If you can handle the long wait it is totally worth it. plus while your waiting there is a wine bar attached with great drinks and an english pub directly across from the resturaunt. make the trip you will not regret it!
4	Before taking our kids to the Childrens Museum we stopped here for dinner (based on Yelp reviews). The pizza was delicious. Thin crust baked in a proper oven. We ordered a margherita and sonny boy (salami and black olives). The prices were a bit high (Sonny Boy was $18) but the food and service does not disappoint. We ate there on a Thurs around 5:15. No wait for a table but by 6 it was filling up inside. Patio had some empty tables.
5	Pizza was fantastic. Service was excellent. Substitutions ... No problem. We had the pizza with arugula and mozzarella...substituted smoked mozzarella for the ricotta and then added tomato sauce, valet mentioned his was the best pizza in the world...he wasn't too far off.
3	Being new to Phoenix, I am always on the look-out for new places to try out. This restaurant was a recommendation from a local here who told me that Pizzeria Bianco is well-known throughout the country (not sure if this is true), which put it on my list of "must-try." Eh, not super-impressed. Maybe because its reputation is a lot to live up to. Their pizza is good, but very expensive. The dining area is small, and they only seat complete parties. If you have a straggler in your group, you will get bumped down the seating chart until they arrive. There is a bar in one of the buildings next door that serves wine and tapas for you to wait in the AC which is nice. It has a bigger seating area which makes me wonder why the restaurant and the bar can't just switch... The service here is good. They made a mistake on my pizza. Since it was a small one, I wasn't going to say anything but they came with a corrected order and boxed up the mistake pizza, which I got to take home. Nice, 2 pizzas for the price of one. Made the $18 more worth it. I live super close and was going to pick up an order to take home and avoid the dining in madness---no take out orders! Dining in only! Really?!Also, there's parking, but valet only unless you can find somewhere on the street nearby. It costs $3 that you pay for with your meal.
5	Best Pizza in Arizona
4	Ottima pizza veramente, dopo lunghi giorni ad hamburger ci voleva proprio. Forse la migliore pizza mangiata all'estero e anche in Italia. Non proprio conveniente ma i prodotti usati giustificano il prezzo ( margherita 15$).
3	Everyone kept saying how amazing this place was, but I didn't think it was that great. They just didn't have enough variety for me and I believe that their food was overpriced. There's another pizza place in downtown phoenix called La Piazza Locale that I believe is better, and has more choices.
1	Went May 17 in the evening. Must pay to valet car. Pizza was expensive and burned. The icing on the cake was when we asked for some Parmesan cheese and the waitress said it would cost extra. Omg,,,go to Cibo or Federal .
5	Chris Bianco... A Master Chef... You will be delighted with all aspects of Pizzeria Bianco. I have been a customer for many years, and never written a review. But really, it is as good as it gets. ENJOY!!
5	Thin Crust Pizza at its best.Phoenix can be proud for this place. Small but fantastic spot to be.The outdoor sitting and the service was awesome. The live music around makes the place more cool.The pizza is undoubtedly best of all I had. Can be rated under the top 10 pizza places over USA.
5	Prior to the D-backs game, I came here with a buddy to try their pizza.  I saw a review of this restaurant on the food TV and I really think their food is out of this world.  I had the sausage and caramelized onion pizza and it has become my favorite.  Definitely worth the wait!  I will be back for another one when passing thru Phoenix!
4	Its a good to great pizza place. I think too much hype has hurt it. Yet, I still keep going back there for pizza.
4	I've heard about this place for years and seen it on multiple TV channels.  It's been known as the best pizza in America so I finally gave it a try. I was told the wait would be about a hour for a group of 4, however it only took 20 minutes. They have a house next door you can wait at that serves wine. We ordered 2 pizzas, and both were amazing!!!  Just the right amount of cheese and sauce. It wasn't too thick and perfectly crispy. Perfect for date night!
4	I decided to give this critically acclaimed establishment a go since I'm in town. The first thing I would like to point out is that valet parking is mandatory here. So I go inside and am greeted immediately and shown to my seat. My order was taken rather quickly and the pizza was on my plate within 10 minutes. I ordered the Margherita  with a couple toppings. I did enjoy the pizza,  probably the best that Phoenix has to offer. It tasted like Lombardi's (in NYC) a little bit. My only gripes were the fact that you had to use valet, there were very few choices when it came to pizzas and toppings, and there is only one size, which frankly isn't enough to fill 2 adults. However, I would definitely come back if I am back in town.
5	I love it here!  We walked here after catching a movie at the Arizona Center.  Perfect place for date night.  Pizza is fantastic.  Desserts are fantastic.  And the staff is so courteous and attentive.  The atmosphere is romantic with their twinkly lights.  Love this place!
4	Brick oven, cool. Apps, yum. Salads, chill. Desserts, bomb***. Pizza... Not the best, but good. Super nice people; great atmosphere. Found a fork on the ground, if I was eating off the ground, I coulda killed myself....Also, there were raisins on my vanilla pudding, shoulda been skittles but no biggie.
3	Awesome decorationsAwesome service and atmosphere Decent foodThe pizza was burned and burly had any cheeseVery overpriced tooSalads are to die for though
5	Probably the best pizza in town. Wood fired oven (used for pizza, of course) also bakes their own bread, and wonderfully roasts vegetables for their vege, meat and cheese appetizer. They have a nice short list of house pizzas, or build your own to suit. Obscure wine list is fine, no harm trying a selection you haven't heard of before. Deserts are all homemade as well.
5	I know it's hard to live up to the hype but it really is as good as it gets.  So simple and perfect.  The best.
5	This place was on my "list" of places to eat, after I read a review about it - well, so glad we came! Had the tomato/mozarella (house made mozarella!!!) to start - best I've ever had! Then moved on to the Margharita & Wiseguy pizzas - both of which were excellent...bubbly cheese on the Margharita, house made  sausage with a hint of fennel on the Wiseguy slightly burnt, thin crust = perfect pizza! Went there close to closing time on a Monday night & was still packed - that says a lot!
4	I've wanted to try this place to see what all the hype was about. I was nervous that there would be a huge wait but we got in a table for 2 within 15 mins! We ordered the margarita pizza and the wise guy. Both were great pizzas. The wise guy had some of the best sausage I've ever eaten on a pizza. The main downfall if this place are the prices. As good as these pizzas were, the price was not worth it. We spent almost $50 on 2 pizzas, and a couple of sodas. Would I come back? Not unless I was in the area. I was glad I could mark this off my bucket list of restaurants to try through.
3	Good pizza. I don't get what all the hype is about though. Its definitely not the best I've had and would never wait hours for a table.
5	Best Pizza in Phoenix!!
5	Really great pizza! Had the pie with sausage and caramelized onions and ate it all.  The beer selection is not that good and it is very pricey.  Worth it if you like fresh food.
5	Not going to lie: this is probably THE best pizza I've had ever (thin crust)... when you take a bite out of their pizza... YOU KNOW.The best part about it was the dough and the crust. Perfect amount of crispness as an exterior, and the inside was just the right amount of chewiness. We ordered the Wiseguy and the Sonny Boy. The red sauced sonny boy was my personal favorite with salami and pickled olives. The meat was definitely exceptional. You can taste the quality of where that meat has been, and the olives were definitely not your run of the mill. Their sauce was a good balance: slightly sweet which is how i like it. The Wiseguy I was a little less impressed with, but then again I'm not a huge fan of white pizza. It was still very good, don't get me wrong, and one thing i really liked about it were the caramelized onions as toppings.
4	Probably about the best traditional crust pizza I have ever had! Staff was FANTASTIC! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the drink menu was a little light. Other than that GREAT!
5	Love this place! Pizza is divine, atmosphere is awesome. Totally recommend the margherita pizza. So fresh, so tasty. Even my kids love this place (we measure most restaurants by how quickly our kids shcoff the fare), so there you have it!
5	Found this place through yelp with tons of awesome reviews and happy to say that Pizzeria Bianco did not disappoint! I'm a big fan of thin crust pizzas and this place might be one of the best. The restaurant is pretty small but I loved the atmosphere of this place and the beautiful brick exterior of the restaurant was my favorite! We almost didn't come because we didn't want to have a long ridiculous wait, but I'm so glad we decided to come anyway. Luckily, we went there after the lunch rush around 2pm so we got seated in less than 10 minutes! The service was great and the pizza was amaaaazingly delicious! We devoured our pizzas in silence cus it was that good hahaha. I'm actually craving it quite a bit as I am writing this review.... everything about the pizza was perfect! It was a 10/10!! :D We got the Margherita and the Wiseguy pizza. The toppings were extremely fresh and I loved the smokiness of the crust from the wood-fired oven. Wish we got to try all the other signature pizzas as well. The pizzas are a bit pricey compared to the size, but I think it was worth it :)
2	Overhyped as well as priced. My pizza was forgettable and the crowd seems to be younger hipsters who are all happy to see the hostess and bartenders (though I doubt they know each others names). If you go there, avoid Fri/Sat.  I'd rather do NYPD pizza, unless you're more concerned about loud conversations than food.
5	Took my 12-year-old grandson to the science Museum walked out the back door and pizza Branco right behind us had an amazing woodfired pizza it was great and he got an Italian ice for the first time ever he loved i Service was great food was delicious price was right
5	The pizza was great, but what I would like to talk about  the rice pudding.  Rice pudding is deceptively hard.  It is usually goopy or too dry.  This rice pudding was perfectly consistent,  and you could taste every grain with a nice burst of vanilla.As I said the pizza was great.  Also, the wine pours were generous.The service was great.  I really had a great experience.
3	I've been just to see what all the hype is about. And to answer the main question: yes, the pizza is very good,. Now, the wait to get said pizza in yo belly makes this place an annoyance. Yes, they provide ample seating area and a nice flow of drinks to keep you going, but to me, I'd rather go to Cibo Pizzeria for much better pizza and not much of a wait.
2	Extremely overpriced, for so so pizza.  I took my family there for lunch.  3 pizzas and an Ice tea, with tip $79.  The pizza is maybe a medium size and nothing to write home about.  There are much better pizza places for a whole lot less money.  I would not go back and would not recommend.
5	Great atmosphere. Friendly service. Fabulous Pizza.  We ordered the Margarita Pizza which, because of its simplicity, is a great test of a pizza joint.  While the pizza cooked in the wood fired brick oven, we snacked on homemade hard crust Italian bread and olive oil.  The pizza arrive in 15 or 20 mins and did not disappoint.  The crust was perfectly cooked and the toppings were fresh, hot and delicious.  It's a small space and often a long wait but well worth it. If it's busy, put in your name and head next door to Bar Bianco until your table is ready.The location is a little tricky to find since it's on a one block long pedestrian only street between E Van Buren and E Washington. There is valet parking off of N 7th St or garage parking off of N 5th St by the Arizona Science Center.
3	I really, really wanted to be blown away by this place after hearing all the hype about it....but unfortunately, it felt short.  The atmosphere is great and the food is good, but nothing out of this world, and definitely not the best pizza I've ever had.  It's also pricey, for the amount of food that you get,  but I guess you also pay for "the experience".  I'd be willing to go back and give it another try, but I would not wait for hours.
4	Pizzeria Bianco is definitely one of the premier pizza place in Arizona. I've been there a few times now, and I would say it's worth it every time! I have a friend who goes there frequently for her birthday, and I'm happy to tag along!
4	Flew from San Diego to check out this legend and yes, it's very good.... But not the best pizza in the USA. Our group tried the BiancoVerde with prosciutto , the Rosa ( yum), and The Wiseguy. Solid. Nice servers and the place is cute!
1	This place is definitely overhyped for no apparent reason. The ambience is really cozy and nice but the bread they give you while you wait is so tough and tasteless.We ordered half Rosa and half The Wiseguy. The pizza's were standard with no exceptional flavor at all. Not crave worthy at all. Servers were really friendly though!
1	Too much hype for decent over priced pizza. Service was good but I don't think I would go back. Got the margarita pizza it tasted good but it was so expensive. And burnt even though I understand the concept of brick oven.
4	Cool little place, great service. After reading all about how this place has the best pizza ever, I was disappointed. The pizza was good. That's it. Good. Nothing to write home about. I might go here again if I'm next door at the Science Museum or something, but I won't be going out of my way to come here any more.
5	What a wonderful restaurant!! Absolutely loved the food, the ambiance and the service was excellent. My good friend and I stumbled upon this place after a long day in the Arizona Science museum. You literally walk outside of the museum and there it is! So convenient! Especially since we were all hungry. We chose to sit outdoors and enjoy the beautiful outdoor seating area, the kids had plenty of room to run around while we enjoyed a glass of wine and waited for our food...SCORE! We had the farm salad (arugula, fresh pear and Gorgonzola), fresh mozzarella/tomato salad and kids stuck to a margherita fresh basil pizza and a pepperoni combination pizza. Everything was delicious!We will be coming back for sure.
4	Great food in a casual environment. The waits are rather long so we tend to go off times.
5	Had wanted to get out to this place for five years now and finally made it. Was worth the wait. Great atmosphere.  Margherita Pizza was amazing. Caprese salad was a bit salty, but otherwise very fresh.  Friendly service and validated our parking for the garage so it only cost $1. Will definitely be back.
1	This place was extremely overrated.  Any place that makes you wait three hours to get a ticket to be seated for something as simple as a pizza is not worth the time.  There are these new things, they're called reservations.  Hello?   I wanted to try this place when it won best pizza in the US.  It was good, but nothing to write home about.  All I can say is someone either paid a lot of money to make this place the best pizza place, the contest was rigged, or all of the judges were high and had the munchies.  Considering that most pizzas take about 15 minutes to make, in the time it takes to get seated I could have had a dozen pizzas from other places that are a million times better and way less pretentious.  I won't be back.
3	Good pizza and service but didn't really blow me away.
4	We went here after years (literally) of hearing how amazing this pizza is and how highly rated it was on a national level. The place was so adorable and tucked away in the parking lot with cafe lights strung across the patio. Such a warm and welcoming restaurant. We walked in and were greeted by the friendly servers and chefs. The inside is tiny (10 tables or so) but we were seated right away. We ordered a pizza and got half salami, half margherita. It took about 10-15 minutes but of course that's because it was being freshly baked in the giant wood-fired brick oven.  The pizza was really GOOD, it is exactly how I imagine it would be in Italy.  Super thin crust, slightly burned edges, sparse on the tomato sauce, and fresh ooey cheese and toppings. So yummy. Now I know this is a personal opinion, but there is another restaurant in the valley (it is a chain. i know....bad) that we both think is better. And cheaper. But if you want authentic pizza and a romantic, cozy dining experience, I highly recommend trying Pizzeria Bianco!
5	Truly amazing pizza. I was going to post a picture, but I ate the pie too fast. It was one of the best pizzas I've ever had, and I'm a Jersey pizza snob, so that's saying a lot. Wonderful.
5	We had lunch at Pizzeria Bianco while passing through Phoenix in June. I had read  about it a few years ago.  The pizza was very, very good. This is authentic Italian style pizza, don't try to compare it with most local pizza joints.  We did not have to wait long at all.  We sat at the bar and the service was excellent.  Servers were all very friendly and helpful.
5	The atmosphere was great! The pizza was so simple but so delicious! I will definitely be back!
5	What can I say, it's great pizza!  I was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant lived up to the hype.  I was fortunate enough to have our local team join me for my visit so we ordered one of each of the six pies they offered.  The favorite amongst the group was the Rosa and the Biancoverde.  The Marinara was a close third.  The service was excellent and the food was spectacular.  The beer list at the main location was poor but their "drinking cabin" next door had great beers on tap.  They have to run over to the other building to get you the better beer.My advice: Go on a weekday and go early.  Get there at 5:45 and the place is yours.  Avoid game days.  I can see why thus is on most top 10 pizza lists.
4	Enjoyed the handmade mozzarella and tomato appetizer. Then the Margherita pizza with a 4 Peaks Lager and Chianti. Pretty darn good!
3	I had heard so much about Pizzeria Bianco and only thought the pizza was average.  It's a very small restaurant and the wait can be long.  I just don't get the hype.
4	Pizzeria Bianco of Pane Bianco (Central Ave) are great. Great food and friendly people to be around. You out-of-towners have to make sure this one's on you visit list.
5	Great pizza!  I could compare it to the Pizza I've eaten in Little Italy in NYC.  Great place
4	Nice gem in downtown Phoenix. Rosa pizza was a bit nutty but the Margherita was on point. Farmhouse feel is nice.
1	I remember Bianco's before the hype and can't bring myself to suffer the crowds and horrendous wait for a pizza. Not knocking it, it's a good pizza - but it's a pizza. I cringe when out of town guests suggest going here and I carefully steer them to Cibo or  Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana. Both are just as good and at Pomo you get that amazing limoncello. Bianco's is the Trevi fountain of pizza in Phoenix.
4	OK, we've all heard the hype regarding Bianco. So, I went, I ate, I enjoyed. I ordered the margherita (tom, mozz & basil) and the wise guy (roasted onion, smoked mozz & fennel sausage). The service is fast. I went around 2 pm, after the lunch rush and it still felt like the lunch rush.I am from New Haven, CT where pizza is serious business and people will stand in line (rain or shine or even snow) for a pie from their favorite place. New Orleans has their trinity (onion, celery and bell pepper) and New Haven has the trinity as well: Pepe's, Sally's and Modern.Anyway, back to Bianco. The the pies were excellent. For me, it starts with the crust. It was thin, very flavorful and held together with a firm texture that didn't just fall apart in your mouth. Kind of reminded me of the pies back home. The edge of the crust was puffy, crispy and had a few really dark spots. It was delightful. The sauce on the margherita was superb. Simple, not too thick, not too thin and adhered to the crust really well. The flavor combos on the wise guy were perfect. I like a little kick and would have added it if it were available. I never had the chance to ask our waiter as he was busy and did not check in on us.My only criticism is that the menu is what it is. Unlike the majority of the pizza universe, you can not create your own combination at Pizzaria Bianco. Aside from this, Pizzaria Bianco makes a fabulous pizza.
3	I love the pizza. I think Chris Bianco is a hell of a nice guy... I have lots of good things to say about this restaurant. However, the wait times remove a star for me. And some of you may think that's silly, but let's not forget, they could have outdoor seating, and they have a whole bar- in which they refuse to serve you pizza. You can only get pizza in one special area, and until then, buy lots of drinks. I think it's a great business plan, but not my favorite eating plan.
5	The pizza is fantastic.  You can't beat their quattro stagione pizza. Their secret is the tomato sauce which is truly authentic Italian pizza style.
4	Summary:  worth a stop, especially for dinner. I got the Sonny (salami/olives/tomato sauce).  Crust - has great crunch on bite, and very soft on the inside. Charred but not burnt, and never feels like too much dough. Sauce and toppings have the salty bite you hope for, complements the crust very well. Service was good - personable enough and relatively prompt. I went during non-peak hours though. I didn't have any salads, apps, desserts, or drinks since I was in a bit of a rush. It's not cheap (especially for a lunch), but it is good - I'm more likely to do it as a dinner next time. Note:  parking is Valet only (unless someone has a yelp tip).
5	First off, Connor in valet service was superb.  You should keep that guy around as long as you can!  I ordered the margherita pizza.Sauce- top notch borderline perfection, although i don't know what perfection is, the best around is from my parents garden, so i have super super high expectations and it was best in a long time.Basil- UNBELIEVABLE, they must work hard to get the right type or grow it themselves, I should of ordered extra basil.  that right there was worth the cost of admission so to speak.Mozzarella- yep, it's got it, no complaints.  Crust- compliments the whole arrangement.
5	Cool atmosphere in a cool part of town and the food isn't bad either. Actually it's great. Service was fast and friendly. I had the Rosa. Pistachios on a pizza, who would have thought? It was great! I will definitely be back.
2	Maybe it was a busy day since it was Rainbow Fest. Still, the crust was incredibly thin and burnt. They skimped on the tomato sauce leaving it rather dry. I felt cheated of $20 for a pizza I could have easily attempted and burned just as well as them.tl;drIts overly expensive, burnt, and not enough tomato sauce. Best pizza ever 10/10.
4	We stopped in on a Friday night and they were packed. They had a waiting area next door with live music and they offer beer and cocktails. We enjoyed it for about 30 minutes before we were called to be seated. They seated us at the end of the bar, which was fine. Whatever got us in fastest.We had the Sonny pizza, and it was delicious. The crust was just right. It stood up when you picked up a slice (I HATE flimsy pizza). It was still soft on the inside with a touch of char from the oven. The toppings and sauce were delicious. The only thing that we thought could have been improved was the mozzarella. It was very mild tasting with a slight taste of scrambled eggs. Service was good.All in all, it was a satisfying meal and I would recommend it.
4	This is supposed to be one of the best pizzas in the U.S. We came on a weekday for a late dinner which worked out because there was no wait.We were quickly greeted and served complimentary bread (which was good). We started off with the cheese with prosciutto and arugula appetizer. The combination of all the flavors meshed well and the prosciutto was pretty fresh. We ordered the margherita pizza and the Wise Guy with mushrooms. My recommendation would be to not order the mushrooms on the Wise Guy because it made the center soggy. The margherita pizza was the better one of the two. The pizza was really good, but I have to say, I still think NY has better pizza.
5	I can honestly say this is one of the best pizzas I have ever had. My husband and I went in, after a coworker of his told us about how amazing the pizza was at Biancos. So we decided to give it a try. Unlike many of the other people reviewing, we did not have to wait for a table since we went on a Tuesday afternoon.Not knowing what to expect at first we ordered one pizza to share. Half wiseguy and half margarita with mushrooms. Both were very good even though I preferred the margarita pizza. Just not a fan of the whole onions and what not. Everything just felt really fresh. I really liked their black tea as well even without sugar it tasted just fine.We're planning another trip to Biancos soon, but this time we might take a couple of friends to enjoy it with us.
4	This place is very hyped and I will say it was very good but nothing worth waiting 3-4 hours for. The wine was tasty and service was prompt but do yourself a favor and come for lunch when there is no wait.
4	An overview of the food we ordered:Ham wrapped cheese sticks - fantasticCaprese salad - nothing special, pretty regularArugula salad - very goodSonny pizza (salami and olives) - delicious - thin crust and the right ratio of sauce to toppingsFlourless chocolate cake - also delicious but I wish it would have come with ice cream and not this weird melted cream thing on the side.This place was packed,  which is always a restaurant's greatest recommendation. Nice decor, very clean, and reasonable prices. Two of us with all that food got out of there for about 60 bucks.I would definitely come back.
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in the valley! The mozzarella basil pizza and a glass of malbec are my own little slice of heaven. I love the atmosphere and the authentic feel of everything here.
4	I have had a couple of really great experiences at Pizzeria Bianco so far. I really enjoy the menu. I think the staff is great. They have a couple of locations, which is really nice. Surprisingly, I wasn't so thrilled with the pizza. It was just "okay" both times. I've tried the Rosa and the Margarita and both left me feeling like I was lacking. However, the fresh mozzarella salad is amazing and I get it every time. I would certainly recommend people to this place.
5	I have finally had this one of kind pizza, the wait long after many attempts I finally made in the door.  I do say it was delicious, and more than amazing. I love olives and they did not disappoint in the menu selections. Recommend the place, regardless the bumper car crowd.  Over A pluss.
2	I wanted to see what the big deal was and I finally budged and tried Pizzeria Bianco. It's definitely different and the oven brick pizza is okay but not delicious. It was burned pretty bad and half of the pizza was so hard that I couldn't even bite it. I don't know if this is normal or not but I gave it another try for a second time and it just didn't make my list. I believe this place is overrated and the wait for it is not worth it. There are way better and tastier oven brick pizzerias around the Phoenix Metropolitan area. Not impressed.
5	This was one of the most recommended places to eat at while in Phoenix. It is always compared to the LA staple Pizzeria Mozza, which serves a mean Fennel Sausage Pizza.WISE GUY ($18)- Wood-Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage- cooked to perfection- I enjoyed every last bite of it- The onions really brought out the flavor of the fennel sausage- Definitely recommend!SERVICE: I sat at the bar and the bartender was really friendly. All the staff members seem to enjoy working with each other to help the customers are happy. I didn't know there was bread offered but the bartender highly recommended that I try the bread with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil.ENVIRONMENT: very casual. There is indoor and outdoor seating available. Depending on the day outdoor seating may be a great option while sipping a glass of wine or draft beer. Inside dining may be a little cramped but the pizza will definitely make up for it!Overall, I would NOT hesitate to visit Pizzeria Bianco again. The pizza was crispy and well flavored. I even hear if you're lucky you'll see Chef Chris Bianco making your pizza himself! The prices are similar to any fine pizzeria establishment. There is valet for the rich and famous, otherwise a parking lot free for 2 hours with validation.
5	I think that this place is great! The first time I've been here and the service was amazing as well as the food. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the food is fresh and delicious. Couldn't have been a better experience.
5	The pizza is amazing. I would have to say the best pizza in town. The wait very long but I would say worth the wait. Can't wait to go back.
4	I came here about a month and a half ago for my birthday with a friend and I had a wonderful time. Our server, Tammy, was absolutely amazing! I've never been here before so she suggested many things for us to try, as well as making us feel like VIP customers. We had the MARGHERITA pizza with sliced salami on top to give it that pepperoni pizza feel. The pizza was cooked perfectly, the iced tea was delicious, and they served Coca Cola in bottles, the only way to had soda! The wait for the food is long, but worth the wait. The location is a bit small, so it gets very cramped when it gets busy.
5	Since we were in Phoenix for an entire week, we asked around for lots of restaurant recommendations.  Pizzeria Bianco was mentioned quite often.  Some said it was the best pizza in Phoenix, while others said they were known nationally for their pizza.  Since we were only a few blocks away, we headed over on a Saturday night to check it out. The first thing you notice when you get there is how small the location is.  It's an old house that's been converted into a restaurant.  There are approximately 12 tables, along with bar seating for an additional 10 people or so.  Since it was a Saturday night, the wait time was 30-45 minutes.  You have the option of waiting outside at the picnic tables next to the restaurant, but seeing how Phoenix is in the middle of a desert that's not a great option during the summer.  What is a great option is walking next-door to Bar Bianco.  It's also an old house that's been converted, but this time into a bar and lounge area.  It makes for the perfect spot to have an adult beverage and relax while you wait for your table.  And the system they have in place is stress-free.  When your table is ready, the hostess calls over to the bartender to let them know.  Easy as can be.We ended up sitting at the bar, which worked out great because the bartender shared lots of information about the restaurant with us.  Bianco is known for their artisanal pizza, in the certified Neapolitan style.  We ordered three pizzas as well as an appetizer, so we could try a little bit of everything.First up was the appetizer of Spiedini, which consisted of Fontina cheese wrapped in prosciutto, served warm over a bed of greens (spinach, I believe).  Warmed Italian meat and cheese? Yes, please!  Next up were the pizzas; Margherita, Sonny Boy, and Wiseguy.  All of the pizzas are cooked in the wood-fired oven, giving the thin crust a delicious crispness.  The Margherita was delicious in its simplicity of tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, and basil.  The Wiseguy had sausage and the most amazing caramelized onions I've ever tasted, thick sliced and full of seasoning.  These are the kind of onions you would expect to be served as a side dish at a high-end steakhouse.  But my favorite pizza of the night was the Sonny Boy.  I loved the sodium-laden combination of salami and kalamata olives.  It may be too salty for some, but I thought it was perfect.Although the Sonny Boy was my favorite, the other two weren't far behind.  It's a very simplistic menu, with only a few preset options of pizza.  But everything we tried was awesome, and the reputation for being the best pizza in Phoenix appears to be well earned.
2	Good but overhyped pizza; small place so often have to wait for a while to get a table. Great atmosphere.
5	Best pizza this side of Napoli.   Just the right sauce and cheese.  Perfect wood oven crust.   Excellent starters. What else can I say !!!
5	They've got it figured out!
5	this pizza is life chagning!
5	OMG now I finally know why everyone is always talking about this place!  The food is fantastic, the atmosphere is awesome, and the location is amazing!  Definetley a place everyone needs to try at least once :-)
4	The only time I've ever enjoyed olives.
1	Rated one of the top pizza places in the US but we were NOT impressed at all!! Such a disappointment...my parents came from Delaware to visit me and my dad was so excited to try pizza bianco...4 pizzas and 4 waters later with horrible service we left with a $89 tab!! The server was a nice gentleman but over all experience was disappointing!
5	Love it! Them tomatoes!
4	Pizza is wonderful if pricey.  Hard to go wrong, you just have to pay for it.
5	The pizza was delish, the service was nice,the cooks were efficient. No complaints, only compliments! :)
5	Every time I come to Pizzeria Bianco it is a great experience. On most occasions there is a wait when I visit, but they even make the waiting pleasant with Bar Bianco right next door. We never have to worry whether they are going to miss us, as they have a very organized system and always let you know when your table is ready. The restaurant is small, warm, and cozy. The wait staff is super friendly. Here, simplicity is key. They are never over the top. There is a waiter who I believe is named Horacio who is very helpful and friendly. Pizzeria Blanco has contributed to some great memories and I will always go back knowing that I will have a great dining experience.
1	Very dissapointed.  Heard a lot about this place and went there on an appetite, only to be very dissapointed.  By far the thinnest pizza I've ever seen.  I don't even think they provide toppings for their pizza.  Most of the pizza was just sauce with a little bit of cheese.  Quality wasn't even that good.  I don't know maybe this just isn't my type of pizza because it is definetely a style of its own.  All the other reviews are good so maybe I am just used to traditional American pizza places, but I am glad I did not bring someone from out of town here with me because I would have been embarassed.I easily ate the entire Marghertta pizza on my own $15.  When I pay that much I expect to have leftovers.  I would definetely recommend Oregano's, Barros, or Little Chicago's pizza over this place.
2	This place has somehow achieved cult status in Phoenix,  but I just don't see the draw.  I like a fired crust,  but the crust here was so blackened it was like eating burnt toast.  Not good. The fennel sausage tasted like,  well fennel,  and not much else.  It's like they said "hey,  let's take the worst flavor in sausage and make it the star!" So the food is certainly overrated,  but there are other problems here as well. Namely,  parking.  They have one tiny lot that depending on when you go may or may not be valet only.  Since there was no other option,  we used the valet. Three dollars to watch him park our car literally fifteen feet from where we stopped. Bizzare. And then there are your fellow diners. Lots of Ed Hardy wearing dudebros when we were there. Not really our scene.  I don't think we will be back here considering there are so many better pizza joints in the valley.
5	As an avid pizza maker myself, I looked forward to visiting Pizzeria Bianco for the first time.     I was fortunate enough to be in town on a Monday for lunch, so I did not experience the legendary long wait times.  I was able to get a seat at the bar immediately.  I ordered the Sonny Boy pizza, which is analogous to an upscale pepperoni pizza.  It had tomato sauce, their house made mozzarella, sopressata (spicy Italian salami) and some fancy olives.  Getting the crust right is the first order of business for a great pizza place and Bianco does not disappoint.  It was baked to perfection.  The crust was stretched thin.  The rim (cornicone) was puffed up just the right amount and the underside had the perfect amount of charring; not burned, just baked correctly.  There was no "gum line" to be found anywhere in the crust and the end of the pizza droops just the right amount.  The crust wasn't a cardboard biscuit, nor was it floppy/soupy.  It had the right amount of structure and chew.  You really know that you've eaten a great pizza when it begins to taste even better as you approach the end of the pizza.As much as I'm gushing over the crust, I will say that I've come to prefer the flavor of naturally leavened dough (sourdough) for pizza.  I think that the crust could be even better if he made the move to natural leavening, but that's just my preference.The sopressata was spicy, but not overly so, not was it too salty.  The sauce was simple and tasty and I'm in love with their cheese.Looking at the food on the tables of other patrons it's apparent that their produce is among the most beautiful I've ever laid eyes on.  I've never seen tomatoes that red or arugula that green, etc.  Is this the best pizzeria in the country?  It is uncommonly excellent, but I have had pizzas elsewhere that were every bit as good.
4	Finally got to eat at Pizzeria Bianco, well worth it!Customer service was great and service was fast.Cute spot and awesome area of town.Pizza, (which they will split for You if You want to try 2 types) top notch Rustic Style, Minimal pies but very balanced and Tasty. Salad and other options are meek but good quality.The only reason it's 4 stars is it's over-priced and not too many options, but I love and respect what they are doing. More of a destination location then a stop by Pizza joint.
4	Great location and storefront. Very warm, inviting feeling when you get there. Usually quite a wait to get a table so make sure you call ahead or are ok with waiting for at least an hour or so.  Sometimes you can find a spot without much wait after 9.I don't know if it's the best pizza in the country, but then again, don't know that it isn't.  It's 18 for a pizza and they have really interesting flavors. the crust is obviously delicious and great consistency. I think my favorite is just the classic margerita.I'll return
4	Tasty pizza. The crust has a nice chew to it. Hubby and I got a Wiseguy and Sonny Boy to share. Both pizzas came with generous portions of protein! More than I expected, that rarely happens! Both were $18 each. Wait was 30 minutes for a late lunch. We waited at the bar in the little house next door to the restaurant. Got a couple of beers and got a table at the Pizzeria before we even had a chance to finish our drinks. Valet parking for $3 in the adjacent lot. Service was fantastic! Super friendly with a smile. Glad I can finally check this place off my list!
4	The pizza here is wonderfully tasty. The wait is usually long, so prepare yourself. It's a very small place, not ideal for large groups.
5	Love, love, love this place!!!! As good of pizza as you can possibly get. I have eaten pizza all over the U.S. and Italy and this is better than anything else I have ever had.I highly recommend this place. I think the only issue I had with it was the wait. Still gave it 5 stars; even though I waited 2 hours to get in.If you are in Phoenix, this is a MUST GO!!!!
5	This is some of the best pizza in AZ and the country! I love the new Town 7 Country location. The space is comfortable and there is an expanded menu. Everything is delicious!
5	Being from New Jersey I know good pizza. This place is the real deal! The margarita pizza is unparalleled to anything in the area . This place is the perfect place to bring your date in the greater Phoenix area I am very impressed and I will definitely be back for more.
5	Pizza is great. Doesn't matter which one either. Grab a recommended bottle of wine. The number one reason this place is a 5 stars is the service. Service and ambiance make this place a must go to place with your family, friends, or business associates.
3	Pizza is gourmet and generally very good, although on the spendy side. NIce waiting bar in the next small building over, which is cozy and the bartenders are always very nice and attentive. With the usually long wait times form for dinner, I decided to stop by for lunch and was happy to get a table quickly. Too bad my pizza crust was burnt on bottom at this non-busy lunch service. It was edible and I had to get back to work so I didn't send it back, but was disappointed in the lack of consistency when they were markedly less busy than the dinner services I've usually been there for.
5	Best pizza ever. We got the rosa and the wiseguy. I expected to like the wiseguy better since I love meat, but the rosa was just AMAZING! Can't wait to go again when I am back in town. It is quite loud inside, would love to sit outside next time especially with such nice green space.
5	My husband Matt B. and I love pizza, so when we decided to spend a weekend in Phoenix, Pizzeria Bianco was at the top of our to-do list. I'd heard great things about the pizza (which is a favorite of Nancy Silverton's of Pizzeria Mozza) and rather frightening things about the line (five hour wait times, what?) so Matt and I met up with our friend Stef P. at about 10:45 on a Saturday morning. By 11, when the doors opened, we were one of two parties waiting for a table. We saw no line the whole time we were here, so maybe massive wait times are a thing of the past.The place was very charming, small and cozy, located in some kind of science center park that felt a bit like a college campus. Apple Maps did a shit job getting us to the right building, so we missed the free lot. Be advised that there is one, and that it's much closer than any metered parking. The restaurant felt like a new wave fancy pizzeria, with big ovens and a modern/rustic decor. Service was good, efficient and friendly.We drank beer with our lunch (I forget what was on tap, but it was good), and enjoyed the excellent pizza. Stef and I shared the Wiseguy and the Sonny Boy, while Matt had the Margherita. The pizzas were delicious, with flavorful crusts that were beautifully charred with a good amount of both crisp and chew. The toppings were high quality. The Wiseguy was probably my favorite, a white pie loaded with wood-roasted onion, house smoked mozzarella, and fennel sausage. That sausage was so savory, that onion so subtly sweet. The Sonny Boy was also a winner, with tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, salami, and olives, meaty and full of flavor. I stole a bit of Matt's Margherita, and it was a top notch version of the classic pie, with tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, and basil.Now that I know Pizzeria Bianco comes with no hassle, I'll stop by whenever I come through Phoenix. The setting is nice, and the pizza hits the spot. Its reputation is well deserved.
5	The pizza is as good as advertised. Believe the hype!
4	What can you say?  Some of the best pizza in the world right here in Phoenix.  You think you come here for the Mexican food, but the Italian food is some of the best.  Chris has made this a comfortable place to visit and the food is incredible.
4	I think that this place is great! The first time I've been here and the service was amazing as well as the food. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the food is fresh and delicious. Couldn't have been a better experience.
4	What can you say?  Some of the best pizza in the world right here in Phoenix.  You think you come here for the Mexican food, but the Italian food is some of the best.  Chris has made this a comfortable place to visit and the food is incredible.
4	The one and only (well, not anymore). This is the famous Bianco location. Eating here got a lot easier once the other locations opened and this location started opening for lunch. Best pizza ever. No question.
5	loved it
4	What can you say? Some of the best pizza in the world right here in Phoenix. You think you come here for the Mexican food, but the Italian food is some of the best. Chris has made this a comfortable place to visit and the food is incredible.
4	The one and only (well, not anymore). This is the famous Bianco location. Eating here got a lot easier once the other locations opened and this location started opening for lunch. Best pizza ever. No question.
4	I finally came here and waited the 1.5 hours for a table because coworkers have been telling me about this place for the last three years. The pizza was very good. I especially liked the one with pistachios. I don't recommend ordering a pizza with meat on it because the meat will overpower all of the other flavors on the pie. I'm glad I finally tried this place, but I don't think I would wait that long for it again.Props to the guy with the Mario mustache behind the counter.
4	I think that this place is great! The first time I've been here and the service was amazing as well as the food. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the food is fresh and delicious. Couldn't have been a better experience.
4	What can you say?  Some of the best pizza in the world right here in Phoenix.  You think you come here for the Mexican food, but the Italian food is some of the best.  Chris has made this a comfortable place to visit and the food is incredible.
4	We stopped in with a large party of six.  It was the first time my sisters and our spouses have all dined out at the same time.  The restaurant is super small so we were lucky to have been seated in the back with three adjoining tables.  Service was prompt, friendly and to the point.  Since there are no fountain drinks, refills nor replacements were offered for our bottles of Coke.  The Margherita was simple, saucy, light but flavorful.  I love a good Margherita pizza and this pizza hits the high notes on my taste buds.The Sonny Boy was also pretty tasty thanks to the fatty salami and delicious gaeta olives.  Some said it was spicy, but I didn't notice.  The Rosa was definitely the most interesting.  The nutty and oily pistachios melded nicely with the red onions and Parmigiano Reggiano and Rosemary.  The Biancoverde was my favorite overall.  The pungent flavor of fresh arugula and rich creamy finish of ricotta cheese complimented this pie nicely. The Wiseguy was good, but I was expecting so much more from the fennel sausage.  The wood roasted onions were kind of tough and lacked the pizzaz I was expecting.  Overall, Pizzeria Bianco is a solid place for thin crust individual sized pizza. At $13-$18 each, we opted to split five of the pizzas amongst six of us so we could try them all.  Luckily, my brother-in-law wasn't too hungry and left the majority three slices behind. We ordered five out of six pizzas on the menu and even took two more of our favorite home for Mom.  At $150 for pizza, if you're looking to feed picky eaters, you're probably better off leaving them at home.
5	The wine and cheese platter was awesome!  We ordered two pizzas and both pizzas were delicious.  BIANCOVERDE:  Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, ArugulaSONNY BOY:  Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, olivesDessert was awesome!!!!!!!!!  Flour less chocolate cake.  And vanilla gelato.  I was rolled out of there!  :)
3	Not bad, but certainly overrated.I had been told many times that this was, under no uncertain terms, the best pizza that could be had in this region of the country. I strongly disagree with that, but that doesn't make it the worst either.Here's the rundown:- Long wait- Tiny building- Parking Shortage- High Prices- Small Portions- Better Pizza is available elsewhere (where some of the above problems are less present or absent entirely) So, really, it was good, but I have no reason to go through the hassle of coming back when I have better options available. It was an interesting experience, but it's a one-and-done for me.
5	Best Pizza Ever!  I was blown away with the Quality and the taste of the pizza! My friends told me about it, but didn't believe them until today when I experienced it for myself.  Amazing Place!   It's small place so get ready to wait.
3	What is all the hype? The pizza is good, but I think there are other places in town with a better menu and better pizza. Maybe it's the waiting that takes away from my opinion of this place, or it could be the hype, but Pizzeria Bianco is good, not great. I love their sandwich place Pane Bianco, I just can't rave about this place. I think the menu isn't as appealing to me as other pizza places in town. Without naming my faves, there are a few other places that have a better antipasta and pizza selection for my tastes. Do go here if you want authentic Italian pizza. This place is better than most pizza places in other cities, it just doesn't rank high enough for me in PHX.
3	After the buzz from co workers we stopped by when they came into town. Being my first time I was pleased with what I saw online being thin crust and the creative selections. Unfortunately we were not as excited after the meal as we were going in. The outer crust was cooked perfect but the bottom crust was not crispy and a little soggy so picking it up was difficult. If you have to put parmesan and peppers on a pizza it's missing flavor to stand on its own. The pizza itself was pretty good and I would do it again if not for the seating process where every person needs to be present to sit, valet parking, the bar at the house next store and the tiny little room to sit. There's a lot of good pizza places and this is above average,  but not really amazing.
