4	It's hard for me to admit when I'm wrong about things. But there is a glimmer of hope when I find something that really stimulates my manmones"You'll never find Brazilian food in Vegas. It's not the same." Ok I'll admit that Rum Jungle has the rodezio experience where they bring meat around on huge metal skewers. But Rum Jungle is a fusion experience. Well there's Samba at the Mirage. There's Pampas at the Dessert Passage.  Then there's Yolie's off the beaten path near Ruth Chris on Paradise. Now Yolie's sits with these green awnings on the second floor of this strip mall. The staff is very friendly and it's kinda a family setting. WARNING: THIS IS A MEAT EXTRAVEGANZA. Ok sure they bring some rice and some fejoida, or even some plantains. But wait for the MEAT. There's marker to signify when to bring the meat and when to stop the carnage....It comes in waves, if you haven't been to a Brazilian Rodizio and ate churrasco....you don't know what you're missing. If you're a carnivore, you get waves meat in large metal skewers. Like roast pork tenderloin, trip tip, sirloin, rib eye, chicken, Portuguese sausage, lamb, ribs, and they keep coming....until you turn your little marker to make it stop. When you start crying out tears of ground beef....you know you're done....The price is affordable for all the meat you get. WAY CHEAPER and closer to authentic than Rum Jungle. This is also one of the few places in town that actually serve real cachaca and caipirinhas...Yea. Overall - it's a meat lover's fantasy. The carb portions are small. I'd definitely eat here again. But I'm not thinkin 4 star. More 3.5 But I guess I'll round up....No Animals were harmed during this review....Sorry Vegans I'll eat more veggies.....
2	I really wanted to like this place, and I sort of do, but read on.I walked in with a headache, which usually means I need to eat.I figured a brazilian rodizio type place would be instant gratification with a salad bar and meat leaping off the skewers at all hours.  Not so.I walked in and was seated, ordered a coke.  I was one of only TWO tables in the whole place.  There were three people working - Yolie in the kitchen, a younger woman at the front, and a guy handling the meat duties (ok, lay off the meat jokes).10 minutes went by without a sign of my soup or the coke.  The guy came over and said the coke machine was not working, so I ordered iced tea instead.  About 5 minutes later I got my iced tea, and another few minutes went by and I got bread and soup.Eventually meat made its way over on skewers...slowly.  He asked how I wanted my beef done (well, of course) and it was good.There was no music playing, just silence, interrupted by the conversation of the other table, and the delightful sound of hammering coming from the ladies bathroom.Eventually I got tired of waiting for the next round of meat, and I was getting full anyway, so I asked for the check.  It took almost 30 minutes to get me out the door, because the credit card machine wasn't working.To his credit, the male waiter was very apologetic and even hand wrote a card for 15% off my next meal here.  The food was pretty good - not rock your socks off, but authentic and good.Based on other reviews, the service seems to be erratic.  I wouldn't bring anyone here you're looking to impress (like a client for example).
3	I went here about a year ago, so my memory might be a bit fuzzy.  However, my general impressions were that the food was pretty good and the service was well intentioned, but a little bit slow.Anyway, this place, as I recall, was not all-you-can-eat, though you probably will get enough to eat.  I don't remember exactly how much it was since our out of town dignitary was kind enough to pay up.  I thought it was around $30 a head.  Not exactly a bargain, but probably better than the deal you will get at the Mirage.If you need Brazilian food bad and you in town for a few days, I would recommend checking this place out.  I would not go in with super high expectations, though.
3	We came here July 4th after we found out Firefly had closed due to some electrical problems.  The place was pretty dead.  Staff was funny in a weird way.  They would all say "You should just get the grill.  Its what we're famous for."  We must've heard that from 5 different staff people b4 we ordered.  Funny as it was..I was the only one to go for the grill...cuz that was what they're famous for!  Nothing was very memorable about the place.  It was just ok.  I don't plan on going back.
4	When partaking in this particular establishment, might I suggest maternity pants? They have like 6 or 7 rounds of meat on skewers that will be served to your desired amount. Avoid the sides, they're fillers like veggies and taters, and let's face it, if you're eating at this place, you're not here for health and proper balanced meal. You go here if you're looking to shorten your life span, clog the arteries and ever expand that gut you've been working on. Which leads me to my suggestion of maternity pants for easy expansion of your full of food stomach; cause let's face reality, nobody likes to see a big ol belly unleashed by a loosened belt and unbuttoned pants. That's just wrong
1	If this is how churrascaria is done in Las Vegas, it's a shame!  My family and I went here for lunch.  We were the only ones in the restaurant and we couldn't locate any of the employees.  Not one sound came from the kitchen, which I found to be odd.  I was begging to leave because the emptiness and silence of the restaurant suggested that this place was going to suck....and man, was I right!!  There was only one server handling the small selection of meats.  The meat was DISGUSTING.  I could not finish what was on my plate because it was just horrible.  All the meats were dry and some tasted old.  I think that they just warmed up the meats leftover from the day/s before and served it because we did not wait long at all.  I learned what real churrascaria was supposed to taste like when I tried it in Chicago.  If you're looking to eat at a Brazilian steak house in Las Vegas, I'm warning you, do not go here!!!
1	The ambiance of this place was more formal than lively, not what I expect from a less than average churrascaria.
3	Wow, This place has actually gone down hill. I remember when it first opened, it was less formal and not as well decorated inside. It was also not a busy as it gets now. I think that success has actually hurt the place. The service used to be EXCELLENT! They made you feel like part of the family. Now that they are busy they seemed rushed. The food is still very good. It is easy to overeat in this place. If you like huge portions of meat cooked over a fire this is an excellent choice
5	Everybody I take here adds this dining experience to their list of favorites! The experience comes right from Copacabana Beach in Rio.. It is a carnivore's delight with 7 different meats served to your contentment with all the trimmings.  I am not sure how to spell it for sure, but the &quot;ciapina&quot; (Brazilian Margaretta) will knock you on your ass then pick you right up. It is a wonderful place for a party and a delightful experience.  I've been to many Brazilian barbecues... including in Brazil. This is my favorite. And the hostess-- Yoli is friendly and nice.  If your there for a trade show, or other busy times, make a reservation, and make it early as the place becomes a mad house pretty quick.
4	Thank you Yolinda for always making me and my guest welcome to your restaurant.It's always nice to come to this fabulous restaurant for business meeting with my clients. The food and service is always excellent, and of course, my guest was amazed by the selection of meat you always have to offer.Keep up the good work and always keep the 4 stars!!
5	i have been going to Yolies for years . This is the best Brazilian Steak house out side Brazil.  if you love meat this is heaven. Quality of the meat is the best . staff are nice and price is right. just remember if you are short in time this not the place to go.
1	Okay 1.5 stars nooo 1, nooo 1.5, I dunno!?Okay here's why, this place was my single most weird/awkward dining experience I've ever had or hopefully ever will have....!My girlfriend and I where going to go to firefly which is in the same parking lot... and firefly was booked on tables and way crowed inside so we thought maybe marrakech instead... "no we've been there a bunch of times, plus that's a lot of food to eat, not being that hungry let's try this Yolis place!" We see the menu posted outside, there are some things we can order that sound good. So we walk up the stairs to the restaurant and go inside. First thing you see in here, is the crazy lighting everything is NEON green... Maybe cool looking for a bar perhaps, but a restaurant I dunno why anyone would think that was a good idea. We get seated,... and here's where is got really strange. Before we ordered our food three people had come to our table, we had no idea who our waiter was. They brought bottled water without us asking. Someone came over to the table said hi with the water, someone asked us for our drink order, and then someone else for our entree order. So this last person we ask, "Are you our waiter?" Can we see a menu?"'Oh you want a menu?" You don't want to get the firepit?"My friend, "What's that?"--- the manager or the owner comes over and he is talking to us really enthusiastically like a car salesmen...telling us to order the firepit, which is like 5 or 6 different kinds of meat, etc etc...----My friend, "Sounds neat, do you guys have menus though?""Oh we have menus, why do you want one when I am telling you this is the best thing to order." "Ummm, well we'd just like to see what else there is?"---Tells the waiter to get us a menu.---(What the heck right?)So he leaves for a second and my friends like we can leave, and me stupidly I say, "No we're already here and already ordered our drinks..." (Regret)So we stay....After not even a few minutes of looking at our menu, the owner and the waiter come back over and start telling us more about the firepit on and on about how this is the Brazilian thing you have to try this, etc etc. I said, "I just wanted a lamb pita." "A pita!!?? Why would you order a pita at a Brazilian steak house?!"My friend, 'Why is it on the menu then?"--I forget what he said but it didn't make sense, and I said, "no that's what I want."--(Honestly I wish we would have just walked out but this was my first time ever having something like this happen to me I didn't really realize how to react.)After bombarding us with the whole firepit thing he railroaded my friend into ordering the firepit. Which was the traditional meat on a spear that the bring around from one table to the next and cut off onto your plate. Normal, and pretty neat to do,... but she didn't really want that much food-specially meat!?Think about we where going to go to tapas... it was SO much meat and they actually splattered some of it onto my friend shirt! The meat was dry and not very good. They also seemed to be serving it to everyone on the same schedule so it was not just 3 or 4 tables it was more like 8-10 tables... It took forever.After we left some guys in the same situation as us, peering up the stairs where thinking if they should check it out, as we came down they asked us "Is this place good....?"Our answer obviously, "NO!!"
3	I've only eaten lunch here,so this is not a thorough review.No buffet,only salad and bread appetizers.Decent variety of meats at lunch and not too expensive.Not very easy to find  (hidden upstairs at a strip mall)Wait staff is friendly.Cold in the winter.Typical Vegas over the top decor.
4	Went with a large group and had a great time. The staff was totally on top of the service. Food was cooked to perfection and the lamb was some of the best I've eaten.
3	No longer open for lunch,
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!AS always I should have listened to you Yelpers. I tried, I really did but the rest of the party I was with insisted they wanted to go here even though the restaurant next door was Moroccan and had belly dancers! ( not to mention 4 stars). Just as other people have commented, Yes there is a very annoying Italian manager that just loves to teach you about "Brazilian steak house". I have a feeling he is going deaf, everything coming out of him is very boisterous and he even bends over when you place your order and yells in your ear "WHAT?" The horrible part was there was an actual Brazilian in our group but the manager had no idea... he thought us so many things about "Brazilian steak house" he even taught me how to drink out of a cup.  He was very perturbed when we wanted to see the menu instead of getting the "Brazilian steak", "YOU DO NOT WANT TO EAT BRAZILIAN FOOD??" This is because it is the most expensive thing on the menu.The restaurant inside looks like they picked up everything at a garage sale and then put it all together in one big space. There is a huge chandelier in the middle of the restaurant that consists of 40 green desk lamps turned upside down. The restaurant also comes complete with pastel crane "posters" from a 90's hotel.The food:DISGUSTING.I ordered the Greek salad because I was scared to get anything else. They over drenched it with salad dressing and the feta was out of those President packages you get at the supermarket. The Brazilian guy we were with got the actual "Brazilian Steak" which is all you can eat of different cuts of meat. "NO DOGIE BAGS AND NO SHARING" barked the manager. I didn't want to eat any of his stinking meat anyway it looked like it had been recycled from day to day. One of the waiters asked my B.F if he wanted more turkey ( Brazilians don't even eat turkey) and he said "no" he was full and the old geezer got mad and said that he is required to ask and that he should be polite! ok... the B.F puts up with my shit all day long and doesn't say a thing... this guy just wanted to be a dick.P.S- Even some of the other waiters were making crazy faces(LOCO) behind the managers back  when he was talking to the table!! Everyone thinks he's an idiot, even his employees!!
2	The food was ok.  They had available tables, and that was the major draw here.  The place was upstairs and out of view.  I didn't read about it before going and didn't know what to expect.They didn't have as great of a selection on the 'brazillian' menu as some places.  The meat was decent.   The sides with the meal were adequate.  It was a fair amount of money to spend for a meal.  I'd say that you should be hungry if you go to get your money's worth.  I've been to better brazillian steakhouses.  This was ok, but nothing special.
3	My first time to try Brazilian Steakhouse a couple years ago and I went to dine at Yolie's.  Atmosphere is serene and romantic, salad bar is not as articulate as Texas de Brazil, however the food is just the same ~ great steaks, friendly gauchos but not as friendly as TdB's gauchos, price range is reasonable (shelled out $35 for dinner of 1).  I would recommend this place.
3	I dig Yolies. It isnt the best Brazillian steak house I have been to but I have never been disappointed. Not a lengthy review but its just a place you have to try once and if its for you it is if its not it not. I guess thats the epitome of mediocre lol
4	My husband and I went there to try something different. And different is what we got. We were the ONLY people there on a Saturday night at 8pm..prime dining time right? we got the huge meal tour even though I was not hungry enough for it, it was, I felt a good deal for as much food as they give you. I felt like we were in "The Shining" a huge elegant ballroom completely alone.But instead of creepy twins, our waiter looked like Moe from the Simpsons. Awesome.The other wait staff was freakin hot tho. One of the guys gave me some salsa, He warned me 3 times ut was hot. I was thinking how hot could it possibly be? It was like fire incarnet. AMAZING!! But you HAVE to ask and you HAVE TO USE SPARINGLY!! Food was good, def a meat eaters place for sure!! Half way thru the meal, a couple came into the completely empty place and they sat them, right next to us. I mean, whatever but I would like privacy if it is all empty. NOT have to listen the akward first date obviously not going well echoing through the place. At any rate, I will be back to see what it is like when I know what to expect.
4	I am a meat lover. We had a group of 20 people. The service was great. The waiter gave me a creme burlee on the house. That was very nice of him. Ambiance was perfect for a relaxing dinner. Although the meat was on a saltier side, non of the meat tasted dry even the chicken.
2	I haven't been here for a while as I found it unremarkable on my last visit.  Soup, salad and other items outside of the main meal were forgettable, entree items from the rodizio were reasonably good, sometimes a little off (i.e. dry turkey), service was very hit or miss, with wait staff either moderately attentive or hard to get a hold off.  Decor and sensibility of restaurant was dated and uninteresting.I have not been to other options in town (i.e. Texas de Brazil, Samba or Brasil) other than Rumjungle's rodizio, which was a little better on the food, but I did not like the club atmosphere (and I hold nothing against them on the club atmosphere, as this is delivered as advertised but not my taste for dining at least).Would recommend trying other options.
3	Good food restaurant was way too hot!!
4	This is like a carnivore's dream! You are met at the door by the host. Who is very loquatious (sp) he talks alot is what I am trying to get at. Which doesn't really bother me, it really gives the place ambiance. I loved the meal . My favorites are the turkey wrapped in bacon, the tri-tip and totally LOVE the lamb. It really is an amazing meal.  Their flan is unbelievable! I wasn't really crazy about the french fries that were served with the meal but that has been part of the menu forever.  All in all ... it is a great meal great experience.. I suggest going with a group of people, it makes for a lot of fun
2	No impressed, very old, dingy places. food was very dry. meat selection very limited, price very high. Great place if you like dining alone, not many customers here. service was very good, lots of employees hanging around with nothing to do...
4	If I could give a 4.5 stars, I would.  I was on my way to Firefly with my wife, but my wife doesn't really dig tapas.  Me being as resourceful as I am, find a Brazilian BBQ tucked upstairs and across the street.  Boy were we in for a pleasant surprise.  The place isn't your typical Vegas, glamour, baller, bling bling restaurant... It looks old on the inside... Do they need an update on decor?  Sure.  But am I willing to look past that because I'm here for food?  Abso-effin-lutely...The only reason why I actually picked up the menu was to see how much the Brazilian BBQ costs.  Not bad...Comparable to strip buffets for us non-locals...Wasn't really too concerned because I was about to get the welcomed self-induced meat sweats. The staff was really attentive and really made sure that my wife's first Brazilian BBQ experience was pleasant.  They gave us generous portions of meat with every pass.  There was no lull in-between meats.  They didn't rush us with the meat service and actually took the time to explain everything that was going on.  Meat wasn't overdone and although the variety was a bit short, they made up for it by making the meat they had really well...A really pleasant evening.After eating, I checked the other reviews on this place. I don't know how this place got reviews any less than two stars.  I understand that there are phenomenal Brazilian BBQ places out there and personal preferences come into play, but if you didn't like this place because of the decor, you obviously didn't come here to eat and shouldn't be writing reviews for food.  If it was service, then I can sorta take your review with some gravity.  However, if your complaint was about the lack of people in the restaurant, once again, you obviously didn't come for the food.  I would think that that's why people go to restaurants. To eat. To eat food.  If you can't manage to do simple things like eat by yourself, you must get really frustrated in a bathroom. Let me let some of you other delusional yelpers in on something.  If you go to a Brazilian BBQ and don't get the Brazilian BBQ, you look like a moron.  That's like going to In-N-Out and asking for Chicken McNuggets.  Or better yet, asking for a hot dog at a vegan restaurant.  (Side Note: I do realize there are vegan hot dogs, vegan tofu burgers and vegan bacon. That is disturbing...I wouldn't eat a vegetable if it was shaped like meat.  I'm not going to ask for meat shaped into cabbage.  You're just lying to yourself.  There's a reason to why you have the instinct to eat meat.  Because it's good for you in balance.  It's your own business to look like you walked out of Auschwitz, but stop pretending that you don't miss bacon...) Nobody forced you into the meat buffet.  The ONLY reason why you would and should go to a Brazilian BBQ is to stuff your face with more meat than a gay gangbang bukkake flick.  HAHAHA...Sorry, I had to laugh at that one myself.
1	My employer hosted a lunch event here and as the second in command for organizing the event I was EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this place. First off this wasn't my selection of restaurant. Had I visited it before like the organizer did I would NEVER have selected to host our event here. Decor needs a major update. I understand redecorating is expensive but that is NO excuse for your out of fashion decor to be dirty. Filthy walls, carpet and seats. Dirty and dingy smelling bathrooms. Next disappointment was the SLOW service. We had about 15 guests and 5 presenters/event staff. It took forever for our Grandpa server to get anything including drink refills. At one point I had to get refills on my own from the bartender who appeared to be doing nothing. Why could he have not helped out is beyond me. There was only one other table in the restaurant. Food was coming out and different times, some tables had salad while others had nothing, when the meal came out it was also not timed very well. One of our guests even had a bug in her food (the potatoes). I was really disappointed with the quality of food. The sides and cuts of meat seemed cheap and there didn't seem to be anything overly "Brazilian" about them.Save your money and your time.
3	I have been there twice so far now. I agree that the decor is VERY outdated.  Bathrooms need a bit of work. We had really really good service there.  I only have had the seafood and both times my food was amazing!!!The shrimp cocktail is fabulous and fresh.  The salmon was prepared just right!! and the seafood past was out of this world.  So, I guess it is all a matter of taste. The people around us eating  the meat seemed very pleased, so who knows?Prices were very affordable. Will be back again.
4	I have been going to Yolie's since the mid 90's - when tradeshow crowds dictated a 1+ hr wait.  I haven't been there for several years - and was a bit concerned based on some of the recent reviews on Yelp.  So I took my wife here this weekend for her first Yolie's experience.  It was just as I remembered it!The staff was VERY friendly - getting our Caipirinha orders out quickly, to accompany the bread and salsa that is served.  I knew better than to order anything OTHER than the special - all you can eat meat!  We feasted upon chicken, bacon wrapped turkey, sirloin, tri-tip, porl loin, sausage, and lamb.  The waiter was bringing it as fast as we could eat it - and we were offered as much as we could possibly take.I am still a bit puzzled as to how some folks say that they were denied meat?  If anything, they could use the red/green cards used at many of the chain Brazilian places (all a copy of Yolie's!).  We passed on several rounds of meat, but as soon as we asked for something, it was on our plate within seconds.Granted, this is not a glitzy place that you go to for the ambience.  But Yolie herself has always greets me, along with her very gregarious Italian head waiter (I never learned his name).  I will always choose Yolie's over any of the big hotel's or chains that are present in Vegas.
4	Have been here several times...bring your appetite!  Good service and good food.  Don't come here if you're on a diet.
4	My in-laws took us here after my brother-in-law's wedding a few weeks ago.  My husband previously went here with his family and had always told me how good it was.  I would have to agree.Let me start by saying...if you're a vegetarian...stay away!   This is a carnivorous feast!  We recently visited another local Brazilian BBQ, but that place was horrendous.  Yoli's meat was cooked perfectly.  The appetizers were excellent, the service was excellent and the creme brulee was amazing.  I am not sure how pricey it is because we didn't pay for it..but I imagine it's not cheap.Highly recommend to all of the meat lovers out there!
2	Food is great! Unfortunatly the service isn't. Only 1 person serving meat not like others where there are 5 or 6 people serving. They better improve there game! Fogo di Chao is opening across the street! This place better improve on service! We went the following week to Texas de Brazil, what a difference! I like people to try Texas de Brazil or even Fogo di Chao and try to come back here! Food is ok here, there banannas are the best here out of anyone so far in Vegas, but the downside is you only get 1. I can unfortunatly see this business go out of business maybe with-in the next year if there lucky 2 years. Reason of this would be because of Texas de Braizil and now Fogo di Chao. They would count on visitors that don't know better to eat at Yolies. But locals and returning customers would go to Via Brazil, Texas de Brazil, or Fogo di Chao, or even Sambas at the Mirage.It's just sad to see a business run down in service, quaility and even the decore. Even if they improve on service and have good selections of meat, they won't be able to compete with the top 4 Brazilian Resturants in town. The food is good but now there are better places, it's not the 80's or 90's anymore where this was the only thing.
4	Go for lunch!My dad and I went to Yolie's to catch up with each other before the new year. The restaurant, located on the second floor of a shopping plaza in downtown Las Vegas, was completely empty. We were doted on by the server. My dad LOVED the experience.Of course, we chose to eat from the grill. The lunch grill is almost half the price of the dinner grill, and contrary to another review I have read on Yelp, Yolie's opens at 11:30 AM, even on weekdays. We went on a Wednesday.The lunch grill is served in stages. Everything is brought to your table and served to you. Unlike other Rodizios I have been to, there is no buffet bar you have to make your way to for appetizers or side dishes. We started with drinks and then a house salad, Brazilian salsa, and fluffy hot sliced bread. Polenta, potatoes, rice, steamed broccoli and steamed carrots followed as side dishes for the grill.  Our server came from the coast of southern Brazil, and visited with us, amiably answering all our questions about the food, the restaurant, and what he missed about his homeland.  He asked us if we wanted our meats flavored only by the marinade, or if we wanted them a little spicier. We asked what he recommended, and he told us he preferred them with the marinade only. Hot sauce was sometimes requested by customers who wanted a more "Latin" flair. He explained to us that food in Brazil was not prepared with hot sauce, but some Americans expect any cuisine that hails from south of the border to have a Tex-Mex flavor. I am glad we took his advise. The flavor of the meats was subtle and complex, and wonderful.The lunch grill comes with unlimited Rodizio cuts of young Spring chicken, homemade Italian sausage, pork tenderloin roast, and Tri-tip steak. All were amazing, but the chicken, with its crisp exterior and tender melt-in-your-mouth meat was my personal favorite. My dad preferred the pork and the Tri-tip. If you go for dinner, bacon wrapped turkey and leg of lamb are also served with the grill. But the price of the dinner grill currently is about $35 per person, and the lunch grill is just under  $18 per person. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and quantity of the food and the service, especially for the price.Make sure you go with at good appetite. Regardless of what you order, don't plan on leftovers. A note at the bottom of the menu clearly stated that no "doggie bags" are provided or permitted.
4	I was a little worried given some of the recent reviews but I have been to Yolie's on many visits to Vegas over the last 15 years and have never had a bad experience.  This was no different.  We went during CES but were still able to get a table, probably because everyone went to TdB or FdC, which are definitely better known.As usual, the meat was outstanding.  Cooked perfectly, served as you wish.  I like the TriTip from the middle and the lamb from the edge, which the waiter was happy to oblige.  The other thing I always like about Yolies is that the wine list is reasonable, plenty of good choices for $50 and less.  I always start with a Caprihana, and this time it was good but not great and took a while.The only reason I dont give 5 stars is the decor is dated and the tables a little cramped and the service to start (for soup and salad) was slow.  But it was still a great experience and a nice family run place if you dont want the corporate route.  Yolie is as friendly as ever and the maitre d' is hysterical.LOCATION NOTE: this place is NOT on the strip, dont know why the map is wrong.  Its down on Paradise, which is another great reason to go and avoid traffic.
5	Bomb. I love the tri-tip here. Well done!
5	The service was excellent. It is an "old school" kinda place. Nothing trendy here. The food was top notch. We went to Yolies because we heard they had an ala carte menu as well as an all you can eat sample menu. My husband never eats much at one time. So he ordered the porterhouse. The waiter told him that the rib-eyes were the way to go. He was right. The steak my husband had was perfect. I had the sample menu.  I couldn't have been more impressed.
5	I LOVE YOLIES! Every time we go to Las Vegas (3-4 times a year) we go to Yolies. I honestly think in our current society of "I want what I want, when I want it" makes it harder for Yolies to shine. Yolies shines with its all you can eat sampler menu.  Honestly, I think of it as a meat orgy, its amazing. but when someone is accustomed to being handed a menu and being served exactly what they order than ordering a whim of "meat orgy" it makes it harder for them to truly appreciate the awesomeness of a promenade of meat.The service is always amazing. The coffee tastes like heaven.Once we went with a party of 12 and the service was still great, even with two vegetarians, though I am not sure why they choose to come with us to a MEAT dinner, they really liked their dinners as well. Its my all time favorite place to eat, and I look forward to it for months between our trips to Vegas.
1	Overall was very disappointedthe good:service is good, waiter and servers were friendly and prompt with food. the bad:the meat was overcooked mostlydecor needs updatingkind of pricey for the quality (Spent $100 with tip for two drinks, two meals, bottled water)only one guy brings around the meat....seemed awfully rushed
4	Great food great dining experience!!!  Thanks Carlo & Crew!!!
5	Amazing.  Service, food, ambiance, price, all amazing.
3	I went here for my 21st birthday, so it's been years since I've eaten there. Yet I've been to Vegas many times since...that's already somewhat telling. The service and food were lackluster. If anything, I can at least say it's somewhat cheaper than other Brazilian establishments, but knowing I can get higher quality food and service elsewhere, I do. I think we had a party of maybe 12 people. It was not busy, even though it was a weekend back then, and still the service just sucked...I can't even recall a buffet, and maybe they have one now, but didn't then? If they did, wow, then it was not very great, either. I've also been to Samba's in the Mirage, and it's decent, but can be crowded. It's still higher on my list for Brazilian than here. Definitely go to Fogo's if you want classy and upper-end. You'll also have more options for some fiber with your meal with a large salad buffet. You get what you pay for and this place embodies that meaning perfectly!
2	It's no Espetus or even Fogo, but the line was non-existent so we got seated in under 10 minutes. That's good, right?My manager brought me and some colleagues here. Well, we'd aimed for another restaurant but their wait was 45 minutes and growing. So we wandered over here. No line, as I mentioned, and about half of the tables were empty. Lots of shrimp cocktails moving around the place, and  I didn't see the ever popular "meat on swords" until we'd been there for about 15 minutes. Thought maybe it was conventional table service, which made no sense. The food was pretty good, and one upside to eating here is that they give you a light side salad and one bowl of bread, so you don't fill up on the salad bar (as can be tempting at more upscale churrascarias). They took care of the "cooked" (well-done) meat eaters at our table, and the "let me hear it moo before I eat it" eaters as well. I probably wouldn't be eager to go back, but if I were in a hurry to get seated and pig out, I'd give it serious consideration. I didn't see the bill (thanks Dan!) so I can't speak to price or value, but I'd go with Meh+ on this venue.
2	Firefly was booked solid, so the team suggested this place instead.  I didn't realize what it was until I got here - the same mediocre Brazilian I tried years ago.Compared to my last visit, service was (slightly) better and the food was worse.It's very much a silver hair crowd, so if you're bringing your hot date here, don't.Given both Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil up the road, there's no reason to come here.
4	This is my favorite Brazillian steak house in town. I like Texas De Brazil, but this place is more homely. It's intimate, the staff treats you like family and the owner is a character! The rodizio meats are excellent. The banana is sweet crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, The rodizio pineapple is stellar, The fried cornmeal is phenomenal, the service is amazeballs, and the price is decent. MUST TRY.
4	It's been a while since I've been here, but I would like to tell you about my experience.It was nothing like I expected.  In fact, I had no idea what to expect when we came here to have dinner.  The place seemed big to me, and we pretty much had our choice of where we wanted to sit.  We were given menus and as we were looking them over the manager came over and said something like "I can tell you've never been here because you're looking at the menu!"  He then explained the plan to us.   We were given a set of tongs and when servers would come by our table with a huge skewer of cooked meat, they would slice it off and we would pick it up with our tongs.  Don't use your fingers!  So much meat...such a limited appetite!   I can't remember every meat that was served to us but there were at least 4 or 5, and I'm thinking there were more than that.  All I know is that we were stuffed when we left.I think the worst I could say about this place is that it forces me to interact with my servers; I'm so used to the regular routine where a server comes to our table, takes our drink order then returns with drinks to take the food order, delivers the food then shows up occasionally to see if everything is "still okay".  Even though I don't have to interact much with the servers except to tell them "Yes, thank you" or "No, thank you", I still have to step out of my routine and it's a bit of a distraction when I'm talking to the Hub.  Still, I'd come back here.  I love giving restaurants a second chance to see if I liked them as much as I did the first time around....and it would give me an opportunity to update my review.  ;)Like I said, it's been a while since I've eaten here, and I'm hoping they're at least as good as when we ate here.  However....your results may vary.  ;)
4	Nice! The service was slow, I guess they didn't have many people working, but the food was very taste.
1	NOW THAT'S A KNIFE!And I am sure that the server wanted to stick it in me!I have never come here by choice. I have only been here for team dinners or as I like to call it group fun. It is easy because you just tell them 15 people and no one needs to even look at a menu.Let's get back to that knife getting stuck in me.  This place is not like a Fogo because they really do not want you to eat a lot of meat here. The waiter was handing out turkey breast and my co-worker said he did not want one. I asked the waiter for a second turkey and he told me, "NO!"  He then looked at me and said, "I am bringing sausage next. You can have that!" I then said, "I do not want sausage, I want the turkey breast!" He still refused to give it to me. Can we say, "Awkward!"When the waiter came back he refused to give me sausage! He said, "You told me you did not want sausage!" I said, "Yeah I did but since you told me I couldn't have the turkey breast. I want the sausage out of principal!" It was quite funny because my co-worker then made the waiter give me two sausages. I am glad that I did because the sausage was really tasty. I might have missed out on that.  From that point on the waiter was a little mad at me.  In fact, he chose to cut all of the meat directly in front of me. I was just waiting for him to spill on me or drop something in my lap. It was very weird and a little of a power play on his part. I also must point out that the food here is really salty. The chicken was good but it was over salted. We ordered a bunch of pitchers of water for the table.  Something strange also happen. About 30 minutes after we ate our chicken, the waiter came back with thongs to pick out our chicken bones off of our plate.  Why didn't they just give us a clean plate? And he was only grabbing chicken bones. He was leaving the beef fat and other various scraps of meat. I told my buddy that the chef needed the bones to make a stock. Sadly I believe that this is what was happening right at our table. I also joked that they were going to make a stock out of our bones and make us drink it as a team building experience. Yuck!!!The sides here are terrible. The Brazilian buns are the worse Brazilian buns ever. At other places I can not stop eating them but here I would not even feed them to a bird. The only side that is good is the fried polenta or at least I think that is what it is.The bartender is a sweet old lady but she can not remember your drink. So make it easy and just order a beer or a scotch or a wine.  We started drinking at the bar and the bartender could not even remember what rum she used in one of my co-workers drinks. The funny part is that she sold us at the bar that it was the best dark rum and then 20 minutes later could not even tell us what rum it was. Lies!!!The owner here is also all business. He tries to up sell everything. He also tried to get us to buy bottles of wine for the table. He told us that it would be easier for us to get a drink if we just poured our own wine. I found this unbelievable that an owner would try and talk us out of mixed drinks. He even went as far as to tell us it would be hard for us to get our drinks. I really did not like this. We all stuck with ordering from the bar but it was a slow painful process. This place lost money!On another occasion we had a bunch of female co-workers with us and the owner was all over them. It was a little sick. He was hitting on them and ignoring all of the men at the table. I found this a little tasteless. We did not have to worry about this on our most recent visit because we had 14 men and 1 woman.I also must point out that I usually come here during the two largest conventions in Vegas (CES and NAB) and we can always get a table. Try that at the other restaurants and you will be waiting 1 to 2 hours for a table.  Yes there is always a table open here and it is easy to get in. That tells me that a lot of people are not going out of there way to come here and eat.The best thing that I had here was the shrimp cocktail which the owner pushed us to order along with fried calamari. Do not get the fried calamari because it is not fresh. I believe it is frozen and it does not taste good at all. These were all add on's and the owner never came back once we refused to buy bottles of wine. He went to work other tables and get there bills inflated.The only good cut of meat here was the tri-tip. It was really tasty. It was sad that after all of that meat, it was the only one of the cuts that actually stood out. Also, beware that the waiter is going to control how much meat you get and the process is slow and long... painfully long.This place is not fancy. The interior could use a face lift along with an attitude adjustment by the staff. I am sure that the owner tells them to not give people a lot of meat even though it is all you can eat. The menu should say, "All you can bare!" because after a while you just want to get out of here!
2	I have been a regular at Yolies for years, it has always been totally top notch, from service, to food, evreything..  I have to say I was dissappointed this time... hopefully just a random bad day.  The lettuse on salad was just a bit brown around the edges, some of the meats were dry, even the service was a bit stale... From a place where customer is always king, service food is always sterling, I  was saddly disappointed... Step up the game, update restaurant, the carpet is from old Vegas!!
5	Great food and awesome service!
1	It was terrible. I received a coupon from United Blood Service $70 value for 2.  With 2 sodas, our total bill was $84, without tip. A waste of money considering I left hungry.The restaurant looks old, a little dirty, but smells delicious. We got rice, potatoes, polenta, broccolli, carrots, bread and cold butter as side dishes. The rice was very, very bad. Potatoes were ok. The best part of dinner was the broccoli.The wait staff and owner weren't very friendly to my husband and me (because of coupon?). We were offered 7 cuts of meat. The chicken and turkey were good. All the other meat were bland. When I asked if that was all the food, they told me yes. Quite disappointed, but at least I know. Last time I ate here was 1997 and I don't recall it being this bad. I am not sure what all these good reviews are for. I have been to many more awesome Brazilian Churrascarias.It's great food if you don't have taste buds.
1	Wow. Horrible fucking service and not so great food. We made a reservation for 6 at 730pm and got there at 8. As soon as we walked in,  we were seated right away.  After that, it all went downhill. It took 10 min for them to ask us what we wanted to drink. We ordered a round of waters and she told us the waiter would bring us water and she got upset cause no one ordered alcohol.  20 minutes pass by and finally the waiter comes to bring us water.  So that's 30 min to get some fucking water. To top it off, my water came in a dirty glass and when I asked for a new one, the waiter said they ran out of cups. Umm hello? Fucking wash one. We ordered calamari as an appetizer and when it came out,  for sure that shit came out of the freezer.  It tasted really fishy. Next, the salad comes out and the dressing tasted so nasty. not one of us ate the salad. we had to ask 3 times for them to start serving the meat and after another long 30 minute wait, the meat finally comes. i was so hoping for the meat to be tender and well seasoned but that backfired as well. the only thing that i can say was good was the chicken. after 1 full round of all the meats, the waiter kept asking us if we were done. i guess it was his time to go home. what the fuck man. at this point we were all fed up already and just wanted to leave so we ask for our check. ANOTHER 30 min pass by and finally i got tired of all this bullshit and got up to ask for the check. the polite waiter who i give my 1 star to told us that ever since the manager that was wearing a wig took over, the restaurant started going to shit. the pos system that they used was broken so they had to manually write down everyones order. he apologiezed to everyone and gave us 15%off coupons for future use. i will NEVER go back to this bullshit ass restaurant.
5	Great food and excellent service.  Most of the reviews don't match the actual place.  The chicken and lamb are superb.
1	I've gone to hundred's of restaurants and seen my share of service blunders, but this one is the absolute worst.  It's amazing how they can make you feel like they don't care within 30 seconds of sitting down.  Waited 20 minutes to be acknowledged at the table, and saw the same happen to other couples there.  I walked out, and so did two other couples in my area.  This place is a disgrace to those hardworking restaurant owners who care about their guests.Food was garbage, and what a joke it was to watch them take the piece of meat and use the knife to move it to my plate.  I guess they were  too cheap to purchase tongs to grab the pieces.I will repeat - worst restaurant I have been in in over 10 years - avoid at all cost.
4	I was really surprised by all the low ratings! We went  recently on a Saturday night and were wary because it was fairly empty inside. We almost left, but were glad we stayed. The sides were a nice selection and all enjoyable. The tri-tip and lamb were outstanding! I woke up the following day thinking about the tri-tip. I enjoyed everything we ate. The turkey and chicken were also excellent. The pork and sausage were a little salty for my taste, but everyone else had seconds. The tiramisu for desert was the weakest course we had, but even that was okay.  The service was good, they all seemed to be trying.  I will definitely be back.
1	One star is too good for this place. OMG!! It was horrible.I have eaten in Brazil dozens and dozens of times, I have eaten Brazilian in many cities of the USA, and other countries. None and I mean none have ever been as horrible as this place.This is NOT Brazilian food......How the heck can anyone rate this higher than two stars......maybe if they were drunk or "high"......The lack of decent service, the crappy mixed drinks, the owner/manager was annoying like a used car salesman, other writer said "it was fucking horrible" they are 100% correct.It may have been good 3 or 4 decades ago ....... Those days are well past!As an update after being away from this horrible place for 16 hours my stomach still hurts! My wife has "Yolies belly" !!
1	We have been to this particular Yolies in the past.  This place has gone extremely down hill since the last time we were there!  The service was horrible, they didn't even have a cocktail waitress so the elderly female owner took orders, and she screwed most of them up.  The sides to the main dinner were also horrible!  The vegetables were served cold, and were served 15 minutes before the meat showed up.  The salad dressing tasted like pure vinegar, I couldn't eat it.  The meat was fair/good.  They had one server for about 70 people, 2 tables of 18 walked out.  My only regret was we didn't leave with them.  What should have been a 2 hour dining experience turned into a 4 hour one!  Time for the owners to retire and sell this place, because the doors won't be open for very long!  There are so many good restaurants in Vegas, don't waste your time or money on this restaurant!  Oh yeah, and another thing, the guy serving the meat spilled blood from the beef plate all over 2 people at our table.  They didn't even offer to clean their shirts!  An awful experience to say the least!
4	The food is amazing. The tri-tip and pork were to die for.
2	I had gone to Yolie's many times in the past when I had visited Las Vegas but hadn't been there for at least 5 years before I ate there last night. The food is still good as it has always been. You definitely have to like meat and more meat but all that was offered was very good. The drink service however was horrendous! We had a group of six and came in early in the evening when the place was about 25% full. After, what I'm assuming was the owner, gave his little introductory speech and left, we waited about 15 min before we had to flag someone down for drinks. The frazzled waiter took our drink order and that's the last we saw of home for 20 minutes. Then only a few of us received our drinks. One of our party had to reorder his beer three times and finally got it about 45 minutes after he originally ordered it. On top of that the cocktail waitress came with an attitude and seemed irritated when we mentioned that our friend had ordered his beer three times. When we asked for the bill, we again waited at least 15 minutes when we had to finally get up and start walking out before they would respond.This will be the last time at Yolie's for me!
1	This is one of the worst restaurants I have been. Old, old, old....... Bad cheap food....and expensive. Not sure how they survive.
5	So, unlike another reviewer, I don't really know what Brazilian food is like. But, what I can say is that the food at this place is great! I definitely recommend getting the package where you get to try all the different meats. It cost about $35 per person but then you get to try a little bit of everything!Everything was very good, and some things were exceptional! The waitstaff was friendly and the service was also good.
1	This place is in dire need of a make over. I walked in and the smell reminding me of my grandmothers apartment. So did the decor. So far the place looks old and smells old. The service was great, and then the food starting coming. The chicken dry, the turkey wrapped in bacon was dry, the sausage was okay, then they brought old tri tip. We could not eat it. As they were cutting it, it looked grey, the taste was bad! I would never go back there and any reviews on here that say this place is amazing must be from the owners family. Save your money! Buy one Get one is a waste of your money. Nice people but they are not serving fresh food.
5	I've been to Yolie's about 8 times over the years and only just now decided to post a review. Really surprised at some of the reviews posting one star because the "food is great, but place is old". Yeah, it's old decor, but along with the absolutely delicious food, I like the fact that the staff has been with them for so long. You can tell they treat their staff (and their customers) like family. I also love the owner. He's just a cool guy that loves to make his customers smile with a few jokes. As far as how the place smells... Are you kidding me? The place smells like delicious meats! I've been going to Yolie's for years, and I'll continue to go for many more. As a matter of fact, I'm headed there tomorrow night with a buddy visiting from out of town and I'm getting hungry just thinking about how good their food is...
1	No way to give no stars. I was served raw chicken. I only caught it with the flash from my phone because lighting was so dim. I told the waiter who said he would tell the chef. No one came to apologize by the time I left. I stopped by a pharmacy on the way home for stomach relief medicine in anticipation of a very long night spent next to the porceline bowl...  :-(
1	The good is OK and the service is horrible. They argue in front of us and the other guest. When we ask them question they just walk away. I feel like we were unwelcome due to i use the groupon because our server and the busser hardly stop by and when we ask for a refill, they just give a jock for us to do it for ourself. I will never come back and do not recommended this place for anyone.
4	Wonderful place. Tasty food. ONE MAJOR PROBLEM.  Yolie is wonderful, but she has someone working for her that is SCUM.  If Carlo is your waiter, ask for a different waiter!  He will push you to buy the grill (the most expensive item) and tell you there is no menu... That's a lie. There's a lovely menu, and great cooks. Assia is an amazing cook.  The grill is wonderful, but don't be bullied into it.  This place is gorgeous, has incredible history (Yolie was here when Howard Hughes was around!), and is ten times better than Texas De Brazil.  When you go, please tell her Jenny and Gary sent you.
3	This was my second experience and place when it comes to Brazilian steakhouses. Though sadly over time it has seemed to nose dive quite a bit, it's been around longer than the other competition that's now in Vegas but that's probably the reason. New competition has shown up and this place doesn't seem to be able to keep up. We've thought about going back but we've found better, who knows, maybe one day.
5	We ate at Yolie's Brazilian Steak House last night. We had a living Social that was like $50 for 2 with 2 drinks. It was exhalant despite the fact that they were set up for a Christmas party coming in in 45 min. Our Waiter was Frank and he was superb. He apologized right off saying that he was going to rush us a little so we could get out before the party. WE thanked him ahead for that as it was the UNLV Marching Band so it was going to be load college students that were going to be drinking a lot.The food was really good started with soup and a salad then we had some Vegies and Chicken. Fallowed up by Bacon Raped Turkey, then Tri Tip, Top Sirloin , Pork loin and finally lamb. I did not care for the lamb as I don't like Lamb in general. Also the tri tip was just ok. But my favorite things were the Chicken and the Turkey. We will for sure be back again at full price. Oh it is a little hard to find as it is up an inside corner of a Food Shopping center up stares
5	Great food with friendly quick service. Staff was very friendly and was not too busy.
5	This is one of the best Brazilian restaurants.  Fresh food served hot.  Everything was prepared to perfection.  Clean, neat and relaxing.  The prices are reasonable, service great and food outstanding.If you havent tried this restarant you are missing the boat
