5	Wow, natural, organic, locally sourced items, I am fully sold on this place in every way!  Staff is friendly and informative and community minded. The greatest healthy, organic food selections in the Desert Ridge Phoenix area. Breakfast and lunch.First turkey burger ever eaten without ketchup, had brie and a strawberry jam, it was the perfect blend and delightful.  A little early in the day, but organic cocktails as well, very interesting !!!  Will be going back for drinks.
5	We are staying at the Marriott Desert Ridge and stumbled on to this spot this morning, what a gem!!!  The people were great, the food was outstanding.  Sorry I don't live closer to come more often.  I had the Huevos Rancheros... definitely not your traditional rendition, but great.  My husband had the Hawaiian Breakfast and loved it, too.  Staying two more days, will probably go back.
5	Had the Chicken Tortilla soup today with the seared Ahi Tuna salad......................ACES to both, the soup hearty and flavorful and the salad light & refreshing tastes and perfectly seared tuna.  You could taste the freshness and the greens, either could stand alone, I took half home so filling & healthy too.
5	Eat here.Had breakfast here.  F...ing wonderful.Service was a little slow, but food was "creative."Read the menu.  Offerings spanned the spectrum. I had the Hawaiian Breakfast, and tried it without any subs.  Holy shit! Was delicious "as is." Cool bowl, rice, blanched cabbage, smoked pork, fried egg.  Seriously? Hawaiians eat like this (i don't think so). Y.U.M.M.Y.Wish i could upload a photo I took.My lover had a Monte Cristo plate.  French toast, ham, gruyere cheese, and get this....Yam tater tots.  Yes, yam tater tots.  Super yummy.This cafe took over Celcius (wonderful sushi restaurant). I hope the folks of Desert Ridge area support this local establishment and eat hear often, because us Cave Creekers need somewhere to eat!  So unless you want to be relinquished to eat shit at Sweet Tomatoes or TGI Fridays, eat here.  Not expensive and really, good, food.OK, this place is like the Good Egg (which I love), but uber yummy and CREATIVE (at least for breakfast).
4	Really, really good.  Most/all of the items/dishes on the menu have a local/organic/better-for-you feel.  Friendly and attentive service.  I had a WONDERFUL barbecued pork sandwich -- tender, flavorful, great slaw, fresh egg bun, and HUGE.  Sweet potato tater tots were novel, and very tasty.  Nice (short) list of microbrews for the next time I go.  Breakfast menu looked interesting, too.  Covered patio.
4	I've been here three times now and have yet to have a bad meal, or walk away complaining. The food is consistent. The prices are fair. And the service is great. Nice hidden gem without stupid long waits at breakfast. Score!
5	Great breakfast restaurant near Desert Ridge in North Phoenix--good natural, organic food.  Had chorizo and eggs, great presentation and absolutely delicious!Will be back for dinner service and can't wait to sample some organic wines!
4	Finally tried out the Tryst Cafe after a hike Sunday morning and I must say, I am so excited to have a new "close to home" breakfast spot. The food was fantastic, in fact, I am still dreaming about my Hawaiian Breakfast, which I will hopefully be having again this weekend! The service was very good, they even made accommodations for us to sit outside at a special table because we had our dog after the hike. Since this place is so close to home, I know we will be back often! Hopefully others will see how great it is and make sure it stays in business. The menu is unique, yet familiar. Go to Tryst cafe and enjoy!
4	I love breakfast. Unfortunately there is not many cozy cafes up north here. Found this hidden gem other day while I happened to be in the parking lot. Very hard to spot, the signage was not well designed, to small, so it doesn't grab your eye. If you have walleye vision forget it, it's invisible basically. The cafe is cute and cozy. Got there around 1245 ish and was surprised that it wasn't  more crowded. The menu was fresh and highly organic. I stuck to my favorite of steak and eggs. Eggs were well cooked, and the steak comes in thinly sliced cuts, which were actually pretty tasty. Normally when you get toast at a breakfast joint the jam or jelly comes in those 5 cent plastic tubs that for all I know are a decade old and packaged in Bangkok by 6 year olds , not here. They use fresh organic stuff here scooped into a heap that is eatable in itself. Nice work.  Staff was very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. The prices were moderate I'd say. Our bill for two was close to 30 bucks which is a bit pricey for breakfast, but I'm sure rent in that location is a business killer. My only missing desire was they didn't have a stack of courtesy newspapers. You can't have a breakfast joint and not have a morning paper to browse through while sipping on a delicious coffee in my perfect world.
5	Great new place near Desert Ridge! You've gotta try it! And for all those who are  environmentally aware  they are all organic, locally grown and don't even have paper towels in the bathroom. They even have an extensive gluten free menu. Breakfast/lunch/dinner.  TRY THE SWEET POTATO TOTS, the fresh squeezed (while you wait) Orange Juice and the Creme Brule ....OMG!  Will go back over and over again!  Great place :)
5	Tryst is a hidden gem that everyone should try at least once in their lifetime. I was amazed at their decore , service and food presentation of this fabulous and delicious ORGANIC food that simply tastes out of this world. I never knew organic meals tasted that much more appetizing ; their menu from breakfast to dinner are extremely flavorfull and addicting. Once you taste  good organic food  in Tryst , you no longer want to return to hormone and pesticide laced food products. The operators of this place are extremely helpfull and accomodating ; it's owner , who introduced himself to our group is very knowlegeable and funny at the same time. I would visit this restaurant everytime I'm in phoenix . My hats off to the staff and food at TRYST.
5	I actually looked up a place to have breakfast since I was on this side of town. We went in and found a table outside. It was supposed to rain and I thought it was cool they had plastic see through curtains with heaters on the patio. The server, Jeremy was really helpful and quick. The food came out quickly and was great. My husband got the flapjacks and I got the Tryst breakfast with shoestring fries. Everything was fresh, hot and delicious. I can't wait to try this place for lunch.
5	Valentine's Day: Fabulous late lunch and service from Chelsea. Everything was very fresh and simply delicious. I loved the Roasted Beet salad. I wasn't disappointed that I forgot to get "dressing on the side". We love that this place is in the neighborhood and is a genuinely nice, quiet atmosphere with great healthy food. Hope Tryst can keep up in this economy. We plan to check out the breakfast too!
5	I've been wanting to try this place & I'm sooo glad we came here today. I had the kaluha pork sandwich - yum! :)
3	Have been waiting to try this place for weeks. Cozy little cafe and a cute little porch to sip mimosas (momos') on. The tables sit very close to each other so be prepared for ease dropping, at least I know i was doing it. First off, a guy by himself was sitting there and gave the most disgusted look when he had his eggs delivered to him and they were not cooked to a hard poached style he liked. Once he left I felt better about my day Lets talk about booze first. Loved that they give you a little bottle of champagne to refile your momo. I loved the fresh orange juice and orange wheel. Cute touch! BF ordered some ice coffee and also enjoyed that. For the day, I was feeling adventurous so I ordered the Monte Kristo. Stuffed with Gruyere and fresh strawberries, I was hoping it would be battered but it was all in between to soggy pieces of french toast. I think other people will like it as I have read in other reviews but it was too bold for the morning. Sweet potato tots were creative and yummy. Needs some sort of dipping sauce besides ketchup. BF ordered and egg white veggie omlete...first off, I don't even know how that would be good, cooked anywhere. pleh. We left with a lot of food on our plates. This place would be safer to go with breakfast staples like eggs, and bacon or maybe go for lunch.
4	First time there, had a great lunch highly recommend the roast beast and get the sweet potato tots. I will definately be back again.
4	Good location across from Desert Ridge.  Celcius Sushi used to occupy this space.Had breakfast here the other day.  My friend ordered the Hawaiian Breakfast and loved it!  I had the French Toast with almond brioche ~ Banana Foster.  It was decadent!  We sat "outside" and it was pretty crowded for a Wednesday morning, that's a great sign!The coffee was also delicous and the service was friendly.We'll definitely come back.
5	I went to Tryst Cafe as part of a Gluten Free Foodie Tour (#GFFoodieTour) and am now a huge fan! We all split several gluten free breakfast items so I got a chance to taste the waffles, Hawaiian bowl, pancake, scrambled salmon hash and bagels. If you eat gluten free you know the texture can often be a challenge for restaurants, but everything I tried was fab - especially the bagel (Which is Udi's) and the waffles!I don't get up to this part of town often, but I will go out of my way to go to Tryst Cafe again!
5	Great gluten free menu, and they have kombucha!The staff were super friendly and they were very accommodating to special requests (like my smoked salmon and scrambled egg with gluten-free toast).
4	I live close by so it is easy to go here and I have eaten from this place 4 times in the last week. The staff is great and the service is quick which is nice. Probably the best thing about this place though is the ingredients. It seems like they have very high quality suppliers. The tomato-basil wrap is excellent in taste and texture. The chicken with rice and vegetable dinner is very well prepared and the ingredients look and taste very fresh. The cooks seem to be very well versed and cooked everything I have had there perfectly.  The only thing that is a drawback to me is the price. Ten bucks for a breakfast wrap is a bit high but I guess you get what you pay for so I will definitely be ordering takeout often. Sometimes it just feels good to indulge.
5	Last night was my second time at Tryst (first time for Breakfast) and I have to say that this place is awesome. Great presentation and great food. I got the Kalua Pork Sandwhich, which comes on a Brioche Bun, and ordered it with a side of Sweet Potato Tots. My wife ordered the Shrimp Tacos, and they were both so tasty. We also had 3 other people in our party and their food looked equally amazing. Will be back, and will be ordering this to-go in the near future!
5	I didn't even know this Cafe was on the other side of Desert Ridge.My husband and I didn't know what to expect when we walked in but it was surprising on how comfortable and unique it was. We got recommended the Hawaiian Breakfast and the Breakfast burrito so we ordered that.The food was amazing and it came out quick, but then again it was 7:45 In the morning so we were the only ones there. I honestly have no complaints, the food was great, the server was kind and its only minutes away from our apartment. Tryst has a lot of potential, especially since there are not many breakfast places in the desert ridge area.Definitely a great place for breakfast or lunch!
5	I just had the most amazing breakfast...I'm so excited about this place I am typing up this review as I finish my meal.  My husband and I have recently gone "organic" so we have been looking for a breakfast place that catered to this type of clientele.  I had the Hawaiian breakfast that included fried eggs,  fresh roasted pork, cabbage, jasmine rice, fried wontons and a drizzle of soy sauce.  Delish!  I've eaten food in Hawaii and this is exactly what it tastes like!  My husband had the Monte Cristo with strawberry jam at the bottom and if I wasn't soo full from my own meal I'd finish his.  The food came out fast and hot.I'm contemplating staying here until lunch and eating lunch too, but they may get sick of me so I'll try lunch another day.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for delicious food.  We sat on the patio, which made the experience that much more enjoyable.  If I could choose 6 stars...I would.
5	My new favorite!I've been here 4 times so far: 1 breakfast, 1 lunch, and 2 dinners.  Let me tell you- this place is A-MAY-ZING!For breakfast, my husband got the tryst omelette and I got the pancakes.  The omelette was awesome and the pancakes were so good that my husband said he wanted to go into the kitchen and hug the cook.  The portions are hearty (I got a side of sweet potato tots as well) so I actually took home leftovers of the pancakes!  Leftovers of pancakes!  Seriously!  They were sweet and what I loved most about them is that when totally drenched with syrup, they still held together!  I hate when you end up having those few chunks of pancake that are so drenched that they fall apart and are too sweet to eat anyway.  Not here.  So amazing.  Even after pulling the leftovers out of the fridge they were still awesome.  Hot, cold, with or without syrup- you have to get the pancakes!Had the grilled cheese for lunch and my husband got the turkey burger.  Also- SO GOOD!  The bread is perfect and the strawberry jam on the burger added an extra awesome something to the meal.As for dinners, I highly recommend the beer battered string beans for an appetizer and the portabello sandwich.  YUM!  YUM!  YUM!!My husband and I can't wait to come back!!!
3	Tried this place out for breakfast with my hubby and older daughter. Here is what we hadFrench toast Bananas Foster Style - Very good but not $12 good. Tryst Breakfast - 2 egg, 2 bacon, sweet potato tots and toast, The bacon was good. $9Monti Cristo- My husband thought it was alright but it being one of my favorite foods...it failed in my eyes.  $11 or $12 I can't remember2 -coffee - yum2- O.J. - I hated the O.J.! They say it is fresh squeezed and it kinda does seem that way but it has a taste and consistency of orange drink. It's weird. Like half O.J. half Orange drink. Those are $5 a pop...and I do not suggest.I LOVE that it is Organic, hormone free and focused on buying local! Because of this I was absolutely ok with spending $50 on breakfast for 3 people. I just do not think the food is spectacular like Matt's Big Breakfast.
4	We enjoyed lunch here for the first time after reading all the rave reviews from fellow Yelpers. I had the tuna salad and it had a real nice flavor thanks to the dill and the fresh croissant, all accompanied by string fries. Others in my group had the salad which they enjoyed, though in one of the bowls there was too much dressing. They were served attractively in a large slanted bowl.You can enjoy your meal inside or out. Servers were very attentive.It was a bit spendy but  I'm glad we ate here while in the area.
4	Food is good, great location, relaxed and comfortable. The potatoes were the best I've had in a long time.
4	Tryst is an organic cafe located in the Desert Ridge area. Tryst serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner and if you go in from 3pm-6pm they will take 50% off your bill. This is an amazing deal considering most of their entrees are a little pricey. I got the bring it on burger with fresh mozzarella, pesto, capicola, and tomato. The burger was good but I was a little jealous of my friend's steak dinner with potatoes and bacon wrapped green beans. Her entree was only $8! Everything on the menu looks delicious and I can't wait to come back and try their breakfast.* You can purchase $30 gift certificate for $15 on localdines.com
4	Nice fresh tasting food.  I had shrimp tacos. Large portion. 3 tacos for $16. Nice and light. Clean tasting. Didn't like the cheese so much in it but good flavors.  Huge portion so I couldn't eat all 3. I think they should just knock one taco off the plate and lower the price to $11.We also had the pork sandwich. Delicious sauce. Pork was a bit tough but good flavors. Potato salad on side was delicious.  I am not a potato salad person but the dressing was really nice and not too much of it.  I will definitely come back again due to the fresh taste, selection on the menu, and friendly service. Also...they have a great happy hour!
5	It was definitely a pleasant surprise the first time ventured into Tryst Cafe.  Everything was so fresh, delicious, perfectly cooked, and the portions were substantial.   The restaurant has very spacious, wide open layout with trendy tables/seating in the patio area.   If you are at Desert Ridge, skip the chain restaurants, and head over to Tryst Cafe instead!   - Hummus Trio (traditional, cilantro, and red pepper) come with fresh Pita or cucumbers (Gluten Free).   - Tryst Ahi Tuna salad - Excellent portion and very fresh.  I would just ask for extra dressing on the side.- Portobello Sandwich - It was very juicy, tasty and satisfying.  The grilled bell peppers and Portobello will fall off of your sandwich. - Monte Cristo (two French toast slices, ham, Gruyere cheese topped with strawberry jam) - it is not greasy, and melted perfectly with the Gruyere cheese.  - Sweet potato tots are the best!  Try dipping with hummus dips if you have any left.  Skip the regular ketchup.What a deal!  All food and drinks are half off 3-6 everyday.  After 5PM receive 2 for 1 cocktails.
2	We ate at the Tryst Cafe for this first time this morning. The cafe was packed but we were seated within about 10 minutes. My wife had the almond topped brioche french toast. She is found of french toast it is is amazing how many places do such a poor job or want to pile on super sweet fruit and whipped cream. She found this french toast to be very nice.The loss of 1.5 star comes from my breakfast. I'm a lover of lox and I will go for the lox and bagel most anytime it is available. First across the top of the menu you will notice it says organic and locally grown. Now we buy our veggies every week from the farmers markets and specifically McClendon's who does provide outstanding produce to valley restaurants. Lox & bagel will come with tomatoes and these tomatoes were not locally grown and I'd be surprised if they were organic. They were pink and white, paper thin and had no flavor at all. The bagel was not toasted and the cream cheese was so light and fluffy that it had hardly any flavor. The loss of the 1.5 other stars came from the poor service, but not our actual server she was fine. We both had iced tea and by the time I was done with mine my wife was about half way through hers. A server came by and filled my glass and totally ignored my wife then she gave iced to the table next to us. When we asked her for more tea for my wife the server apologized and said her mind was some place else. We also agree with other reviews about the hectic pace of the servers but little getting done. I don't recall anyone (especially the lady running the cafe that morning) ever asking if everything was ok or did we enjoy our food. The lady in charge was not at the front when we came in nor was she there when we left.We were lucky to eat on the patio as it was more pleasant than inside.
3	I give the food 4 stars..very very good. You can really taste the difference eating fresh organic food vs the processed food you get in most restaurants. The patio is also 4 stars...very relaxing and the chairs are sooo comfortable. This was our second time at Tryst, the first time was for Mother's Day.Unfortunately, this time, the service, although friendly was really poor. Our waiter was also the bar tender, so I tried to give the benefit of the doubt, but we were just..forgotten. It took nearly 20 minutes to get the check, and that was after I went to the register to ask for it. Then he forgot to come to the table to pick up the card, so I went back to the register to settle. He processed it incorrectly, so that was another 10 minutes.We also appreciate the gluten free options, but I don't know if we'll go back here again.
5	Had the tuna salad sandwich and green iced tea.  Five + stars.  Love this place.
3	Just tried it out Sunday afternoon. Halfy Hour is definately the way to go. I had the bbq pork sandwich with fries (they no longer have potato salad on the menu) The meat was very tender, the coleslaw topper is always a nice touch. The sauce had a bit more tangyness that I prefer, but was a solid sandwich. I wlll return to try something different. I think happy (halfy hour is 3-6pm everyday.
4	At first I was a little surprised by the size of the cafe.  I guess in that area I was just used to a larger place.  But actually that is one of the things I ended up loving about the experience.  We were in the area to go to the MIM (which is a must see as well).  The Tryst Cafe had that small cafe feel that I wish I had near my home.  The food was great, I mean really great. I had the BBQ Bacon Burger and loved every bite.  The food was fresh, the service was great (our tasty Jasmine Tea was never empty).  With that being said I do have one issue (and I hope the owner reads these).  They really, and I mean really, need to sort the silverware in the back.  The cafe has nothing but hard surfaces (floor, metal tables, etc.) and the first 10 minutes that we were there last Saturday for lunch.  The girls from the back were tossing forks and knives into the sorting bins like they owed them money or something.  It was pretty loud and nerve racking, but it did eventually stop and the food and service more than made up for it.  I will return for sure, I just wish it wasn't so far away from my home (Mesa).
3	I was looking for a new breakfast place to mix it up a bit and try something new. I was hooked when a previous yelper mentioned that the pancakes were so good that her husband wanted to hug the chef. I am definitely a sucker for pancakes.It was a beautiful saturday morning so I  decided to eat outside on the patio. The tables are too close together because it seems like you're hearing too much of the conversation at the adjoining table in my opinion. The 3 pancakes were huge. Although for some crazy reason they give you a small thimble of syrup and enough butter for maybe 1 1/2 pancakes. So I had to request more syrup and butter for my pancakes. The pancakes were good but not "hug the chef" good.I will eventually return to the Tyrst Cafe to sample other dishes. I rate this establishment three stars or A-OK, which is the definition of 3 stars on Yelp.
4	If only they had a place like Tryst Cafe back in California! The first and only problem I had with the place was the fact that I wanted nearly everything on the menu. They have amazing specials, and while the Monte Cristo breakfast sandwich and glazed-walnut French toast looked amazing, I was hungry and opted for the Hawaiian breakfast.The food came pretty quickly and was warm. We didn't order any drinks because the fresh-squeezed one's are so expensive it's actually cheaper to buy one of their smoothies. The hawaain special- composed of 2 fried eggs, shredded Kalua Pork, cabbage and rice- was tasty, but a little bland. They gave my brother and I (we ordered the same thing) some soy sauce, but I would have preferred a nice dollop of ketchup instead of the sodium infested kikkoman. Other than that, the dish was delicious. They fried the eggs perfectly, the runny yolk making the rice and pork taste even better! I usually only like my eggs over-hard, so it was a pleasant surprise.My mom opted for the healthy option, getting the yogurt parfait. In my opinion, this was the disappointment of the table. My mom claimed that she loved it and that it tasted like Beijing's yogurt. My mom must have some really refined tastebuds because all I tastes was some store bought low-fat vanilla. The granola was good and the berries fresh and few. What can you expect for $5? In my opinion, a little better than that. My dad, opting for the unhealthy option got the huevos rancheros. He ate it so quickly I didn't get a taste, so I can only assume it was tasty.Overall? Great choices, great venue, and good food.
4	Tryst was awesome.  Clean, fresh ingredients, and very friendly and attentive service!  I ordered blueberry pancakes, which were customized to include the berries "no problem!"  I also asked for a size of chorizo which was brought out "no problem!"  The coffee was fantastic and the food quality was very high - extremely fresh and tasty.  Nice presentation too which never hurts!  Also, my coffee was never empty - more points!  I'd rather support local cafes like Tryst over a chain any day of the week.  Tryst definitely has my vote!Overall review: Clean, great service, great food, great ambience.
2	After one less than pleasing breakfast here, we won't be returning.  We started out with a couple of bloody marys which were made "extra spicy" as we requested and which were quite good, offering an interesting twist as they were made with cucumber vodka.  Had we ceased to order anything more, I may have wished to venture back to Tryst, but unfortunately, we did not quit while we were ahead.We both ordered the Huevos Rancheros, which were described as having an Anaheim chile sauce.  What arrived was a plate covered in some sort of goo that tasted like cheap Velveeta cheese sauce that had been somehow modified to give it a filmy texture.  The sauce was absolutely flavorless and made the entire dish, including the tortilla chips, into a soggy mess.  While I don't often do this, the meal was so awful that I truly couldn't eat it and asked the server to take it away.  The manager promptly came over and offered to get me a substitute entree.  He left me with a menu and he and the remainder of the staff (there were not all that many servers working as the place is very small) seemed to disappear.  After 10 minutes, I was still waiting to place my order for my substitute breakfast.  By this time, my husband had finished the portion of his meal that he intended to eat, which was not all that much either, given that he's made the same mistake in ordering the huevos rancheros that I did.  I finally managed to flag down a server and ordered the veggie omelet which the server told me came with toast and gave me a choice of bread.  Twenty minutes later, my omelet arrived sans toast.  When I inquired about the toast the server looked confused and went to the kitchen where it apparently took another ten minutes to toast some bread.  The omelet itself was very disappointing as they had sauteed the vegetables in an excessive amount of grease and then cooked the egg separately so that the greasy veggies were simply set between the folded egg rather than being cooked into the omelet as normally done.  Additionally, a slice of unmelted cheddar cheese had been placed with the veggies.  Definitely one of the worst veggie omelets I have ever had.  With so many other restaurant options to choose from, there certainly is no reason to come to Tryst.
5	I'm not a big "organic" kind of guy.  I could care less about hormone free this and BPA free that.  For me it all about flavor and service - it has to be better than I can make it myself and you have to take better care of us than I can.Having said that, I'm HEAD OVER HEELS in love with the food at Tryst!  Service is family oriented too.  They treat you like a regular on your first trip in the door and burgers are to die for.As a die-hard burger man, this is my default stop.  It is close to the house, in a pleasant shopping center, and has the best burger I've ever eaten in Phoenix.  I'd give it an extra half star if Yelp would let me.  This place is that good!
5	Great food, great service, very original menu! I will be returning for their dinner menu soon. They had a wonderful Bloody Mary with unique presentation, and comfortable patio spaces.
5	I've been up to Tryst Cafe a few times now and I am a huge fan! Food it great, veggie options that make my mouth water and yummy drinks! They seem to specialize in organic options, even from behind the bar. They have sweet potato tater tots for a wonderful side to sandwiches and such. Extra special in my book! The staff is super friendly and helpful with suggestions.  Get yourself up to Tryst soon and enjoy!
5	Love, love, love this place! It's alway fresh and tasty. They have a pretty phenominal happy hour, half off your entire bill everyday of the week. That what I'm talkin about. Very friendly servers. Also they have gluten free options:) I love the sweet potato tots and and the ahi salad. My husband says they have the best pulled pork ever. I will continue to go back!
4	I was very surprised by this place. It's kind of tucked away in the corner of the strip mall it resides in and the sign doesn't draw much attention but thanks to Yelp, we found it. The surprise for me was the gluten free options. They were very tasty! We've been back several times and the servers know me by drink :)So far, everything I have ate has been delicious. The only thing I would change is the portion size on some of the dishes but that's just cuz I have a big appetite, it's tasty and I want more. Fortunately, that is usually solved by going during "Halfy Hour" where EVERYTHING on the menu is half price (and yes, I order two. Kinda defeats the whole half thing but whatever). Good food, great service and lots of gluten free options. You can't go wrong with Tryst.
4	Pretty damn great, I must say.  Went as a rec' from another foodie who told me about their happy/half hour (whole menue is 50% off from 3-6pm), can't refuse that!  When we arrived I was pleased with the casual atmosphere and good service.  Local, organic fare that's BPA + GMO free + gluten free as well? Definitely a big plus in my book. So far I've been twice and haven't been disappointed either time.  Menu items I've had are: the caprese, the chicken caesar salad (the balsamic dressing on the chicken is to die for!), the green beans,  the ahi salad, the pulled pork sandwich (a lil' too saucy for my tastes but good nonetheless, the cheeseburger, the beef filet, and the shrimp tacos (shrimp was very fresh, the side of white rice was kinda weird.)  Yes, we like to go big or go home. :9I definitely recommend to anyone who's looking for good + fresh food around 3-6pm.  I don't think I would go anytime other than happy/half hour though as the food isn't good enough to  validate $16 for three shrimp tacos, $12 for a caesar salad, or $19 for a thin filet.
4	Local - check, Organic - check, Cool vibe - check, Close to home - check, they got it all for me.  This place is truly a hidden gem right in Desert Ridge.  I met the Owners when I was there really nice people putting out a good product.  Honestly, not one bad thing on the menu and yes the sweet potato tots are awesome!  They even have Organic Beers....heaven
2	Extraordinarily ordinary.At here on a Saturday late morning with wife and two kids.  First, there was a wait for tables, which is fine and frankly expected on the weekend at a small cafe.  But then they sat us and no waiter showed up.  Once fixed, service was really marginal for the rest of the meal.  Food was just okay.  Wife had the turkey burger, which was just very boring and not exceptionally tasty.  I had the Tryst Omelet which was reasonably priced but very underwhelming in presentation and taste.  The sweet potato tater tots sounded cool, looked cool, and tasted pretty great for the first five or six in your mouth.  But there were a LOT of plates I saw taken away with nearly full portions of the tots.Kids meals were just okay.  The kids burger had a patty that tasted worse than any McDonalds or school lunch program burger I had in High School.Setting is an upscale strip mall.  Inside is pleasant.  With outdoor tables and misters, this would be a terrific late Fall through Early Spring breakfast joint if you live in the area. Food isn't terrible.  As a whole, better than a Denny's.  But really nothing exceptional at all.  And the owners were nice and friendly, but they need to teach their servers better manners and to spend less time flirting with co-workers and more time focused on taking care of the customers.I surely won't go out of my way to come back, but if I had an hour to kill for breakfast and was in the area, might give it another shot if nothing else looked better.I mean, not every place can be a Matt's Big Breakfast or St. Francis or any of the other exceptional restaurants around town, but the food, service, and atmosphere earns this place a solid 2 stars.
5	Finally had a chance to check out Tryst and man, am I glad I did! The food was absolutely delish! The portion sizes were just right for health and hunger. The food was fresh, seasoned just right, and my salad wasn't drowning in dressing. We had the hummus trio which was excellent. The pita came out toasted and crisp which was a surprise, but I liked it! I then had the steak salad with perfectly prepared meat, and my friend had the seared ahi tuna which she kept saying was wonderful. I'm definitely heading back the next time I'm looking for a great healthy and tasty meal.Have since been two more times! I've yet to be disappointed. The beet salad with chicken - which was amazingly moist and tender - was wonderful. My third trip I went for the Kahlua pork which I enjoyed immensely. Perfect for my heartier appetite that day. Bonus, it came with sweet potato tater tots which were crisped to perfection. Can't wait to go back.
5	The steak salad was heavenly.  Huge enough for two people to share.  Tasty steak mixed with organic greens, candied walnuts, fresh tomato and Gorgonzola in a delicious creamy cilantro dressing.  My new favorite meal.
5	My favorite breakfast joynt by far in North Pheonix.  I love the chorizo and eggs, but the meatlovers omlet, and pancakes are also some of the best I've had at any restaurant.  Ask for a side of the ancho chili sauce and pair it with the potatos or your omlet.  You won't be disappointed.  They have lunch and just recently added dinner so I'm stoked to try those soon.
4	Actually heard about this place a while ago. Totally forgot about it until I saw it on Yelp recently... I decided to give it a try. We went there on a Sunday around noon. The place was empty but the service was excellent. I've noticed that if places are slow, the service is also slow. Not here! The staff was pretty awesome. I went with a burger and fries and they were cooked perfect. My drink was always kept full which is the way it should be. The server checked on us often, but not at inconvenient times like you usually get elsewhere. The place had a modern feel, outdoor seating, TVs, music and a full bar. I would definitely go back and I'm sure it's a great place for drinks and socializing! Check it out for lunch someday...The breakfast sounded amazing but we had gone there a bit late for that...
1	The salads are more like appetizers and the place is definitely not gluten free friendly. I had their signature salad and it was disappointing. I found it overpriced for what you get. If you are gluten free I would avoid this restaurant.
4	- They off gluten-free breads and can do most items gluten-free here if you ask, even without the "GF" sign on the menu- They are a little pricey...probably because the grass-fed beef, local produce and organic offerings...- I really enjoyed my meal here with a grilled chicken sandwich w/gluten free breadI'd only go back here during happy hour or on their Monday 1/2 price night because my family said that was "quite expensive for a meal at lunch time" and they'd "rather have leftovers then clean their whole plate." -shrug-
2	As someone who is forever on the hunt for great little neighborhood place at which my family and I could become "regulars," I really wanted to like this place. In fact, I did "like" it on Facebook prior to visiting, and that's where the trouble began. On the day of our visit, I had visited Tryst's website, where there was an invitation to "like us on Facebook" and receive a coupon for a free appetizer. I did so, printed out the coupon, and my husband and I headed there for an early dinner on a Saturday. We debated over which appetizer to order. I wanted to try the local beer-battered green beans, however my husband wanted the Italian sampler platter. I agreed to let him have his way--OK, it was mostly because the green beans were only $7, while his choice was $12, and since we had the free coupon, I thought it made more sense to go for the more expensive appetizer. I told the waitress about our coupon, and she said she hadn't heard about it, and was going to ask her manager. She came back and told us he hadn't heard of it either, and said he was going to call the owner. The manager came over to our table and rather condescendingly said, "That is a really old promotion, but I'll take care of it for you anyway." I pulled out my phone to show him that it was currently on their website, but he didn't look at it, just repeated that it was an old promotion but he'll give it to us anyway. I can't stand when service people act like they're doing you a huge favor, when it was kind of a classic example of "the customer is always right"--especially when they have proof on their  iPhone. Yes, he gave us our free appetizer, but not without a side of attitude.In any case, we should've ordered the beans. As I noted to my husband, the platter--a selection of capicola, cheese slices, walnuts,  olives and some boring boxed crackers--looked like anything we could've pulled out of our own refrigerator/pantry at home to make a quick snack. He agreed, as we looked longingly at the plate of green beans on the table nearby and the one the couple at the bar were sharing. It was definitely nothing special, and the walnuts had a stale, rancid taste. (As a side note, when we later described our meal to our daughters, one of them said, "It sounds like a Lunchables!" Yes! That's EXACTLY what it was like!) Interestingly, I see it's no longer on the menu, so maybe it was already on its way out when we visited, and we just had the dregs of what was sitting around before it was eighty-sixed.  (Is that still restaurant lingo? It's been a long time since I've worked at a restaurant!)I washed down the couple of bites I did take with the raspberry iced tea that I didn't order. Yes, I ordered iced tea, but specifically asked that it be plain, black, no flavored or fruity stuff. But actually, it wasn't bad so I kept it. I was really excited to see they had kombucha on the menu, even though I can't stand the stuff. I just like when restaurants are innovative like that.I ordered the portobello sandwich, while my husband ordered the ahi tuna salad. I don't do raw fish, so I didn't try it but he said it was "OK, nothing special." That's what I said about my sandwich. It was OK, but needed something to give it a little "kick." I did dip it in his salad dressing, and that made it a wee bit more interesting.But the sweet potato tater tots were the real shining stars here. I would go back again, just for those little nuggets of sweet, crunchy goodness. But something special and different like that needs a little bit of a special and different sauce, other than the little cup of ketchup it came with. I don't know, maybe like a maple cream sauce, or something savory, like an aioli? Then again, they're so good, they don't really need a sauce. But they certainly warrant  something other than ketchup.Although we didn't have the best experience, we'll probably try it again but maybe for breakfast or lunch. That seems to be more their forte, anyway. It's a little small and cramped inside, but that's what gives it the potential to be a place where "everybody knows your name." Now if only they'd know when they put a promotion on their own website.
5	YUM! I had breakfast here last weekend. The patio is a great place to enjoy the fresh air. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. I started with the organic bloody mary. It was not my favorite. The skewer had cheese on it that tasted like refrigerator, yuck. The meal was much better. I ordered the veggie omelet and switched my side to the sweet potato tots based on previous reviews. The tots were delish. They were crispy and not greasy. The omelet was perfectly cooked, I asked for no oil and they made it perfectly. I will most certainly be back!
4	Tryst is a great spot for breakfast/brunch. I love their sweet potato tots, veggie omelets and thick applewood bacon. They also do a mean bloody mary and boast an amazing Organic Liquor section. I need to go back during the evening to check out their flavored vodkas.My boyfriend has not been so lucky, he has had to send food back twice. The first time it was for a steak that was brought out bloody when he ordered it medium rare. The second time was ridiculous, he ordered eggs over hard and they came out runny, he sent them back and they came back BLACK. I didn't think it was possible to burn and egg like that.So 3.5 stars for Tryst as long as you don't piss off the cook!
4	I can't believe it took me so long to try this wonderful little gem tucked away in a strip mall across the street from Desert Ridge! It was the perfect afternoon for dining al fresco. My dining companion had been there before so she knew what she wanted right away. I had a hard time deciding between breakfast and lunch (they serve breakfast until 2:30). Everything on the menu is organic, and they have gluten free options as well. All I knew was that whatever I chose for an entree, I had to get the sweet potato tots on the side. My co-Yelpers . . . you are so right! The tots arrived fresh and hot . . . I was so excited to try one, I burnt my mouth on the first. OMG, they were so divine . . . sweet, crispy on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside. You could easily order these for dessert!For an entree I had the veggie omelet. I didn't even have to tell them I liked my omelet on the light side, not overcooked. It was splendid! I also loved the fact they the didn't butter my rye toast! My girlfriend ordered the summer rolls which she loved, and the hummus. The hummus came with a huge plate of pita, not the typical little serving you get at some restaurants. I tentatively tasted the cilantro hummus (I sometimes like cilantro and sometimes don't), and I was pleasantly surprised at how the flavors worked so well together. Who would have thunK? As I watched other orders being delivered to tables, I couldn't help but notice the gigantic hamburger and the huge salads. I will definitely be suggesting Tryst as a regular meeting place for lunch, as there are so many items on the menu I still want to try.Service was very good. Our server was actually quite unobtrusive, but still expedient. Unlike some reviewers, I didn't find Tryst to be overpriced at all.
2	Breakfast was only ok but the sweet potato "tots" were really good.  The coffee tasted flat and was not hot due to the glass mugs it was served in.  Maybe I should have brought in a Starbuck from down the street!  The service was just ok.  I'd probably try some place else for breakfast next time.
5	This is a cute place. The live music on Monday nights is like a throw back to the 90's and 00's (in a good way). The guitar duo plays Dave Matthews, Counting Crows, etc... For food we ordered the portobello mushroom burger (nice and fresh), the   spring rolls (again fresh and tasty), ahi cups (looked impressive & a good sized portion arrived but I didn't try any because raw fish makes me sad), lastly the sweet potato tots make me want to nom nom nom all night long.Oh and our drinks were awesome (generous and half priced).Service was busy (on Monday nights there is a special) so the place was understandably busy but our waitress was super friendly and what bumped this place to five stars was the manager. He was helpful, accommodating, all around a great guy and what a manager should be. Yes he is da bomb that made me want to write this .com review. Definitely worth a gander especially on a Monday.
3	I really am a fan of breakfast, so I am always on the hunt for a breakfast spot that has not only yummy food but some ambiance.Tryst satisfied both-but lacked in a couple of things.I like that everything is fresh and organic for the most part. It's an interesting menu, but a very small menu.I had the huevos rancheros. We sat inside because the patio was completely full.The service was good-though our drinks were never refilled. Bummer.I love that they serve your coffee in a clear mug. Fun.The presentation of the food was also lovely.The only reasons I'm not giving it 4 stars is because of the limited menu  and like I said, our drinks were never refreshed-and it took quite some time for us to get our bill.Definitely worth a try for breakfast-we'll be going back to try dinner at some point.
2	I was disappointed in Tryst Cafe. I went to check out what had taken the place of the former sushi restaurant Celcius which I frequented. I ordered the portabello burger and my husband ordered the bacon burger. Our drinks were swapped when they were delivered as were our meals (I noticed this also happening to other patrons). The portabello cap was about 1/4 the size of the bread so my sandwich was all bread, except for the nearly whole Roma tomato that had been placed in my sandwich. The flavor was so-so. My husband said his burger was flavorful enough, but the brioche bread was all wrong and was soggy and falling apart from the burger sauce and juices. The fries were good as were the sweet potato tots. My husband had troubles getting refills on his soda and we went without seeing our waitress for what seemed a long time. I almost hoped another waitress would step in and ask how we were doing, but then I heard the other waitress hacking up a lung with a very bad cough. She should have been sent home, especially since she was coughing into her hand and then entering the kitchen area. Then one of the kitchen staff came out to the patio to take his break and was drinking a beer. I guess I'm a little conservative, but beer shouldn't be allowed on breaks. Our bill with tip was $27 and not worth a return visit. Tryst Cafe needs to properly train the wait staff or invest in some better help or they won't make it.
3	Nice little breakfast and lunch neighborhood spot with friendly service.  We enjoyed the Monte Cristo with sweet potato tater tots and a chicken salad.
2	I really want to like this place and have been here 6 or do times but food is very inconsistent and certain thing are expensive. Wish there were more options in the desert ridge area-
4	it took a little while to get our server but once we did we all enjoyed our breakfast.  i ordered the french toast and there were 3 half slices.  yum!  it was about $10.  would go back.
5	Great food!
4	A coffee shop vibe, but a bar set up.  Perfect for me.  Tryst Cafe offers up breakfast, lunch and dinner specializing in locally grown and organic foods.  It's like a diner that serves quality over greasy (not that there's anything wrong with a greasy diner).  I stopped in here for lunch during a busy day of house hunting around Desert Ridge.  Glad I did.I had the roast beast sandwich.  You can really taste the quality of the meat and bread.  I take my love of sandwiches very seriously, and this is a serious sandwich.  My girlfriend and her cousin had omelets, which they both praised.If I do get a house in the area, I may be eating at Tryst Cafe quite often.  And if you're looking to save some money, Local Dines has a $30 gift certificate for $15 at Tryst (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485).
2	The ambience at Tryst is great.  However, my husband and I have been to Tryst 4 or 5 times. The first time it was great but it has gone down hill since then.  Too much chatter between the staff when owners aren't there.  And today we waited at least 8 minutes before I flagged down the hostess for our waitress.  We eat out frequently and always give places a 2nd or 3rd try but we've had enough.
4	Delicious breakfast/brunch with an emphasis on sustainable/local products.  The sweet potato tots, like everyone says, are quite tasty.  I tried the Hawaiian breakfast ($11) which came out on a fancy, modern white bowl, quite possibly the most chic looking breakfast I've had.  The breakfast was a huge portion that I could only finish half of.  I'm not sure if it's actually what Hawaiians would have for breakfast, but for me, while each ingredient was well prepared, it seemed like it was just a fancy looking kalua pork rice bowl with eggs on top.
1	Tryst Cafe served us the WORST lunch!  The guacamole was dark green, but we tried it anyway (bad mistake as it was spoiled with a bad aftertaste).  When my girlfriend's portabella sandwich was served the guacamole spread on it was black and the portabella was smaller and hidden under a tomato slice...The bun was twice the size of everything except for the lettuce leaf.  I then noticed the guacamole on my grilled cheese was also black!When I told the waitress, she offered to bring us a new guacamole to go; obviously, not solving for the black guacamole on the sandwiches.  I said, no thanks, but someone in the back needs to know guacamole is not supposed to be black.  She told me she will tell someone in the back but "nicely" as that is how she is paid.  I was shocked and told her, I am the person paying for the food, so you should worry about us because you are not going to make any money off of me.  She went to the back and then came out saying they were making fresh guacamole (didn't do our sandwiches any good)!  After we picked what was edible, she brought us the fresh guacamole, I refused to try it, but my girlfriend did...She said it had no flavor (except a crushed avocado with tomatoes.
2	Decent and good live music until they served my husband's food cold and my salmon piping hot, but raw. When we told the server and she responded that "we will do it better when you come back next time" we decided to never come back again. Fat chance!... Yuck and in every way a way to ruin an appetite!!
5	I've been here several times now and have loved everything I've tried. The pulled pork sandwich, the tempura friend string beans, the hummus sampler, grilled chicken and goat salad, the burger, the sweet potato toters, the wine- it's all been good. The wait staff are very friendly and nice too. Can't go wrong by coming here!
5	Yes, 5 stars when you compare this place to any other place in the area, or in Phoenix for that matter.  Best customer service I have encountered in Scottsdale, PERIOD. I took an associate there on good Yelp reviews and it was in the area, he too was as impressed with the service, he will be mentioning this visit in his next lecture on RETAIL CUSTOMER SERVICE for the specialty coffee industry.   The Ahi salad I had was excellent, and the sweet potato tots are great!  Looking forward to getting back there for dinner!
4	BREAKFAST REVIEW.Whenever we do an overnighter in PHX, we try to make a point of going to Tryst for breakfast.  We actually found this place via Yelp and have been very pleased with our experiences there.  We like several things about this restaurant.  The food and drinks are very tasty.  My 6 year-old LOVES their pancakes and bacon.  She also always gets their strawberry smoothie.  My wife and I like their coffee as it is deep but not acidic.  We have had their Breakfast Sandwich, Tryst Breakfast, and Eggs Benedict before and have been satisfied.  We also love their staff who are laid-back and polite.   They especially are good to our kids (3 and 6) and are really easy going about splitting smoothies between the two of them or getting an extra slice of toast for one of the kids.  They go the extra mile to make it a great experience for the parents and the kids.  I always leave a generous tip to show my appreciation to them.  I only have two words of caution.  The meals tend to be a bit on the oilier side.  Second, their price point is a bit higher than other places ($45 post-tax and pre-tip) for two adults and two kids meals.  I happen to not mind the price because of the great experience we always get.
3	Not impressed. Especially with it making Phoenix Magazine. I ordered the Bloody Mary. When it came out there was no celery and no stick of olives meat and cheeses like it has pictured on the menu. I ask about it and our server says oh we don't do that anymore. Well then change the menu. I ordered the Tryst breakfast. Two eggs (over easy) bacon and sweet potato tater tots. I asked for toast and for the tater tots to be well done extra crispy. No toast. No extra crispy tots. Gotta have the toast to sop up the egg juice right? Bummer. I also ordered the cinnamon rock I mean roll. Don't waste $6 on it.  I did see some interesting things on the lunch menu so I'll probably try it again.If it's any better I'll change the review..So...I went for lunch with a friend. I had the grilled cheese. It was perfect. It was with avocado and tomoatoa dn perfectly grilled. It wasn't on a brioche like the menu said but it was still delish.
3	Alright, I'm not really sure I can give this place a fair assessment based on food.  I came here last week and ordered the Lox and Bagels.  So the plate came out to me and it consisted of Bagel (I'm going to go on a limb and say they are not made in house) cream cheese, a pre-made product, Lox, a pre-made product (although damn good Lox) capers, pre-made product, sliced tomatoes, and sliced red onions.  So basically all they had to do is toast my bagel, and slice the onion and tomato and then just plate.  Nothing revolutionary here.  So this is why I cant really give Tryst a fair assessment.  I would have to go back and actually order something that was cooked.  It was a cute little place and has a lot of potential considering where it is located.  I have to go back again and update this review.
5	My favorite quaint breakfast place - love the gluten free menu especially the waffles!!
5	Had the roatsed beet salad and was looking forward to a a healthy lunch.  I discovered the best, most nutritous, edible, satisfying beet salad I had ever tasted.  The beets were perfectly roasted and warm, the goat cheese complimented the flavors of all the colors of beets, appealing to all the senses......OMG!!!!!   I am not a salad person, but if I could get to Tryst Cafe daily this salad would be at least 3x a week.  Friendly and knowledgable staff as always with smiles on their faces.
3	Was here for happy hour once before with Mom- I'll have to search for the photos and add that review soon.I was looking for something sweet, something French, actually, and was heading to the Herb Box to see what kind of goodies I could find to take home to supply my brain w/ much-needed glucose (the organ's favored source of sugar!) when the Yelp app alerted me of the "seasonal" bread pudding at Tryst.  I called to ask which variety was available today and was told it was chocolate chip.As soon as the plate arrived, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2DmTw0k3bcXuHdAyxO_bkw?select=lmo2yH4mjOSzbhlZ0Vyi_w I remembered it was an item I had tried on the first visit- I felt disappointment at the sight of it, so I knew I must not have enjoyed it that much the first time around.  Well, I'm usually all about second chances, so I dug in.  It's alright.  I like the crispy-crusty bits that also had chocolate chunks the most.  The caramel and chocolate garnishes were just OK, as well.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2DmTw0k3bcXuHdAyxO_bkw?select=OPYRdqh1SVyR_nc7cWrWSwWas hoping the caramel would remind me of the wonderful goodness I experienced last week at Citizen Public House.  No such luck, but really, how could that even be a realistic expectation?I've just placed my order for the BBQ Bacon burger, minus the BBQ sauce (it contains mustard, and the gluten-free version contains corn syrup).  Happy hour (4p to close) subtracts $3 off all burgers on the menu!  Drink specials sound good, but I'm forgoing alcohol, as I've already consumed a lot of sugar by eating all the great bits of one of the bread pudding triangles.Stay tuned for my burger report (and photos).---------Update:  The BBQ bacon burger, w/ the BBQ sauce on the side, was OK.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2DmTw0k3bcXuHdAyxO_bkw?select=CFaFmlACU4OzZ7XVZt5flQThe pecan-smoked bacon added some flavor to what would've been an otherwise  bland burger.  Too bad I couldn't try the sauce, as server Ryan made it sound like it tasted really good.  I liked the brioche bun best when it had that toasted texture.  The beef is all-natural, no hormones added, but isn't ground in-house (the patties come from Washington, I believe).  No matter- it was good enough.  Ask for medium if you like your burgers tender and pink throughout.  I requested the accompanying sweet potato fries (you get a choice of side) to be extra-crispy.  I first found them a bit boring, but I grew to like them as I ate more pieces.  Not the best I've had, but certainly not the worst, either.  The crispness was perfect.  As a Yelp friend noted, after seeing the photos, that the burger looked better than the bread pudding, and that the serving of fries looked a bit skimpy.  My sentiments, exactly.
4	Local, organic, with gluten-free options, tastey, reasonably priced!
3	3 stars is a bit generous. I get the impression that they recently started doing dinner but were better off sticking to breakfast and brunch. We had a TravelZoo coupon and looked forward to trying a restaurant with an organic, sustainable-foods focus. I'm glad we didn't pay full price for our meal. I had the Jamaiican tilapia with mango salsa. The fish was nice, as was the salsa, but the so-called cilantro rice was plain, bland white rice - partially crunchy, partially mushy - with a weak sprinkle of cilantro. My husband had the beef Wellington. The cut of beef was really nice, cooked well, and tender but it was wrapped in a gooey layer of pastry, not the flaky pastry that is supposed to envelope beef Wellington. The bottom of it was raw dough. So...it seems like the restaurant is going for something but has a hard time with concept execution. 2.5 stars is fair.
4	03/06/12My first breakfast at Tryst, and I cannot wait to go back!  (Especially since Tryst offers organic and local produce-- just say no to GMOs!)Arrived at 1pm and had only 45 minutes to spare-- good thing I already checked out the menu online and decided what I wanted to try: the Monte Cristo w/ a side of sweet potato tots, and a cup of organic coffee http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2DmTw0k3bcXuHdAyxO_bkw?select=tYVvx24tyHyryZWgtiTVOg.  Was seated in Joanna's section- friendly server!  The Monte Cristo- two slices of French toast with ham, melty gruyere cheese, and strawberry jam, sliced into two halves, arrived nine minutes after I ordered it-- fantastic!!  The dish looked beautiful, and the plate hadn't even touched my table for two seconds when I overheard Joanna describe to someone at another table what I had ordered.  It was that striking!Looked so tantalizing, and I loved the sweet and salty combination.  I just wished it was heartier... I worked very hard to eat only one-half of the dish.  Same thing with the sweet potato tots (loved the crunch factor of these!)... It didn't take me long to work my way through half of the dish, and I still wanted more!  The Black and Tan organic coffee (black, no cream) was just OK.  I might try a cappucino next time, if only to check out the coffee art.  ;)I think I'm going to check out the Pineapple upside-down pancakes tomorrow!Note: Tryst offers "Tryst Around the World," and March is "Ireland" (I think last month was France).  Anyhoo, there's Potato leek soup (this sounds interesting!), and the salmon dish caught my eye. Tryst offers $10 off if you make a dinner reservation- something worth noting.
3	My brother in law gave us a Travel Zoo coupon so we thought we would try it.  Wife had the ribs and I had the Beef Wellington. The Ribs were a little fatty and I didn't really like the caramelized onion on the wellington but overall it was OK..  We had great service and the waiters wine suggestion was fantastic.  (it was half off with the coupon. ) The Beer battered green beans and the sweet potatoes fries were also very good.  If we didn't have the coupon we would have spent $115 for the two of us so it was a good deal.
4	Food was really good. You could tell it's good quality. Our service was not so good.  Workers are friendly but were having bad day on service.
4	My buddy and I had brunch here before our day at the MIM and wow, what a great experience!We are totally "those" people, he's a vegetarian and I'm dairy free. I know, I know, annoying. Tryst totally doesn't mind! Their menu caters to all types of tastes and requirements. They proudly serve a creative and organic menu.We each had a spicy Bloody Mary. Fricken delicious, they're made with cucumber vodka and all sorts of veggies: olives, pickled green beans, celery, cherry tomato. The works. Totally hit the spot.I had the Huevos Rancheros. Anytime I see this offered in a menu, I get it, so I'm kind of an expert. I wasn't overly impressed, but it was all right. There were way too many tortilla strips, which made the dish hard to manage. It was more like a "build your own" since all the ingredients were separated on the plate. Good flavor though.The service was great as well, you could tell the girl was knowledgable and fun. The manager (or owner?) also stopped by to check on us and was super friendly.It's really nice to have a small mom and pop type eatery in the land of chain restaurants and shops. Highly recommended!
4	Hubby and I made the trek up from Central Phoenix today for something different for lunch. We were pleasantly surprised to find this wasn't a pretentious Scottsdale joint - the atmosphere was actually quite unassuming and welcoming. We were greeted immediately by the hostess and seated at a table near the bar, in the middle of the dining room. Our waitress seemed genuinely happy to be there, giving us a quick back-story of the restaurant (food's local, trucked in each morning, lots of gluten-free options) as she took our drink order. I'm a bit of a coffee freak, and there wasn't anything remarkable about this coffee, though it wasn't bad. I added a decent amount of (fresh) cream to my cup to cut down on the bitterness. Perhaps I'm a stickler for tradition, but I prefer my coffee in a good ol' ceramic mug, rather than the glass, handled Irish coffee mug presented. I don't think the glass keeps the coffee hot as long as ceramic - which was unfortunate, because after ordering our food, we didn't see the waitress again until after our food was delivered by another waiter. Me + lukewarm coffee = sad :(I settled on the Monte Cristo - two slices of french toast with melted gruyere, ham, and strawberry jam - with a side of roasted red potatoes. I was concerned about the saltiness of the ham overpowering the sandwich, but it was a delightfully balanced blend of savory and sweet. The maple syrup provided on the side was a perfect complement. My potatoes were also done perfectly - with sliced white onions, not too crunchy but not slimy, either. Hubby ordered the steak & eggs with two slices of gluten-free toast (from the Gluten-Free Creations Bakery in uptown Phoenix) and black beans. The waitress mentioned that all of their breakfast sides are gluten-free - it's nice to have some variety for a change. He hasn't stopped talking about his eggs all day. He ordered them over medium, and they tasted fresh and were actually cooked to his liking - no wiggly white, no chalky yolk. The seasoning in the tenderloin (roughly six ounces - all meat, mind you, no fat or bone to carve away) was seasoned perfectly to complement the eggs.By the time our food had arrived, we decided we wanted to try the bloody mary after reading Andrea S's review below. Our waitress didn't mind at all that we wanted to "split" the $8 drink and it arrived promptly. Made with cucumber vodka and stuffed to the brim with produce, this was one of the lightest and freshest bloody marys I've ever enjoyed. I've never seen pickled green beans in a bloody mary before - Hubby and I spent a good ten minutes trying to guess what they'd been marinated in (cloves? cinnamon??). The verdict - spicy and refreshing!In short...the pros and cons:Pros - - Delicious, local food- Friendly, decidedly un-Scottsdale service- Clean, modern, spacious bathrooms (they even have those nifty Dyson hand-dryers, ooh!)- Unique & varied drink menu- Urban, industrial decor with colorful splashes of art deco- Filling (!) brunch for two for $40 - not too shabbyCons - - Coffee was meh, went cold in between touch-ups - Dining room was a bit crowded (I think my chair was bumped five times), and metal & concrete furnishings makes for a bit of a loud breakfastAll in all, we felt welcomed and appreciated. We'll be back!
5	Wow, what a great place for breakfast, had the rancheros and eggs breakfast on my first visit last week and had to stop by again this week for a breakfast burrito.  Both were nothing short of awesome.  I love that there is an outdoor patio seating area that is under shade and the whole place is open air because their doors are always open.  Service was great, its is a tiny place in the corner and the parking can be a struggle but well worth it.  I get sick of the chain places for breakfast and this is a great alternative.
1	Although the waitress was very nice, There was mold on the Caprese Appetizer, the Tilapia was uber fishy and on the verge of being spoiled. They comped up dessert to try to make up for all the horrible things but, we got the creme brulee. It was honestly the worst creme brulee I've ever had. It tasted like goat yogurt. Awful. I want to support businesses that use organics and alternatives such as gluten free but, i will not be back. Maybe they were just having a bad day.
1	I reserved at table for 8 women for a luncheon 2 weeks ago ... we had TERRIBLE service, had to ask for silverware 3 times.  had to ask to have tea refilled and had to ask 4 times ( had to leave the table and ask the 4th time for our check).  THEN ... I ordered a chicken sandwich to bring home to my husband.  FINALLY got it home after waiting forever the check and it was totally RAW !!   Disgusting that is how people get SICK ~  We as a group we are trying to support local small business but I am sad to say that we will never return this is unacceptable in all arena's ~
4	Dad and sister came down for a surprise visit. Uh oh, totally unprepared. Gotta jump on yelp and search "breakfast" for a quick pick. Tryst Cafe comes up. Looks alright. Let's go!And lo and behold, it is indeed alright! Ordered the Hawaiian Breakfast for $12. Came in a very trendy bowl that I guess I'd describe as egg-chair-esque, yeah? Smoked pork had great flavor and went surprisingly well with the rice, lettuce, and egg. Also, the bowl was lightly coated with a soy sauce glaze that just completed it. Awesome!Service was very slow though. It took over half an hour after ordering before the food finally got to our table. By the time the food got to our table, people were already ordering lunch!But the food was good enough soooo 4 stars! Yay!
3	We went there to celebrate a birthday on a Sunday when they originally had Sunday afternoon specials - they used to have 1/2 price apps & desserts on Sunday afternoon but they no longer have these specials, which is a bummer because the price of the apps are expensive without the discount.  They were very nice, we sat on the patio the wind was fierce and the awning kept falling they need to find something to hold it down, it hit a few people sitting on the patio.  The waitress was real nice.  The green bean & sweet potatoe apps were very good.  Plus the Turkey burger with the brie and jam was one of the better burgers I have tasted 100 times better than indulge or zinburger.  They are a little on the expensive side and without the really good discounts they had when they originally opened now gone.  We will not be going back - the cons are they do not answer their emails nor answer ??? on their facebook fan page.  You can get a 10% discount still I believe if you check in with foursquare but if you do not have that app on your cell phone you are out of luck.
4	The food was great and the presentation was fantastic! The service was lacking just a little bit considering it wasn't very busy. I waited at the front for about 4 minutes while two servers took care of a large table and two other servers tried not to make eye contact with me from the back. Finally, one of them approached and I was seated. Nice and airy atmosphere, some TVs for distraction, and a nice vibe. I'll go again.
3	I had the most PHENOMENAL looking salad that that sort of BURST open after you cut the cucumber ribbon that tightly held it together. But due to the lack of seasoning and the not the freshest protein on my salad I feel a three star rating is worthy. I don't think any salt or any pepper was used in the proteins or in the dressing and certainly no herbs were tasted. The vegetables in the salad are local and organic and were a nice combination.My husband had the steak salad and the steak was tender and plentiful but also seemed to be unseasoned. Instead of the cilantro ranch dressing that comes with the steak salad he picked the balsamic that was almost tasteless the day we were here.Maybe it was an off day for this restaurant since it was the Memorial Holiday Weekend? I'd give them another try but I certainly would not order any fish here.
5	Bring it on burger and the sweet potato tots were terrific. Best burger I've had in a longgggg time! An Italian treat. Ice cream and homemade chocolate chip cookie to wash it down was delish! Great classic rock soundtrack. Great add in Desert Ridge. Check it out.
5	Order the grilled cheese. That's it that is all you have to do, because it's amazing.Oh yea, and make sure to try the gluten-free desserts and give yourself a taste test challenge, if you can really tell they are gluten-free.
4	We returned the other day and, remembering how salty the monte cristo was, I asked if I could sub some of their amazing bacon for the traditional ham. Our waitress was happy to oblige my request (no upcharge) and the sandwich was amazing. The gently sweet, smoky bacon flavor was a much better complement to the buttery gruyere than the salty ham. Try it with the bacon - perfection!
4	Had a wonderful meal here Friday night. We started out with the tilapia crisps appetizer. Pieces of tilapia fried and served with a yummy sauce and vegetables in a crisp wonton wrapper. My husband had the Friday all-you-can-eat fish fry, deep fried cod served with potato pancakes. He said he has had better but it couldn't have been too bad, he ordered seconds. I had the ahi tuna sald which was absolutely delicious, not drenched in dressing which I appreciated. We then shared the creme brulee which was amazing, was served with fresh berries and plate was drizzled with caramel and chocolate. We loved it and will be back soon.
3	The BF and I tried this place today after purchasing a Localdines certificate.  It was decent, but that's about it.  It was very busy at 11am on a Sunday morning which was a good sign.  Took a bit before our waitress came by to take our drink order but she was obviously slammed and you could tell she was trying.  We were ready to place our order, but I asked what she recommended more...the veggie omelet or the chipotle veggie burger.  She said the burger is really good, but recommended I get the omelet because they were out of the "good" buns and only had potato buns left.  So I ordered the omelet...without mushrooms.  The BF was planning on getting the "bring it on" burger, but got the Tryst omelet instead after hearing about the bun shortage.  We also each ordered a glass of fresh squeezed o.j. ($5 each).  Seemed a little pricy, but whatever.  We had $30 to spend.The food came out fairly quickly considering how busy they were.  First off, my omelet had mushrooms.  Not that big of a deal.  They were portobello slices so they came out easily.  The grilled onions were undercooked in my opinion and were big fat slices.  I'd have preferred them a little smaller or thinner or something.  The whole thing just lacked flavor and was really kind of greasy.  I've had way better omelets in my day.  The BF really liked his omelet.  Said the roasted tomatoes were incredible.  His was supposed to come with sweet potato tater tots, but he got sweet potato fries instead.  Maybe they were out of tots too.  All in all, decent, but I'm glad I had a $15 for $30 certificate.  Our bill before tax came to exactly $30 dollars.  I think $15 for an omelet and o.j. Is kind of a lot.  Not sure if we'll be going back or not.
5	Had a great brunch today at Tryst Cafe.  I had the Tryst Omlette and my wife had the Salmon Salad.  Both were outstanding.  Coffee and Service were excellent as well.  What made the meal was the Humus (3 different flavors) with cucumbers to use as a scoop along with pita bread.
4	Thank-you fellow Yelpers for writing about this place. I would have never paid a visit to this secluded cafe if it weren't for your reviews. I was very pleased with the blueberry pancakes that I had ordered. Talk about a forkful of antioxidants with each bite!  My friend that I came in with was not too happy about the pineapple upside pancake that she chose, due to the batter not being cooked all the way through.The waitress we had was awesome.  There was a 5k run that had just wrapped up nearby and many of the participants came here to refuel afterward. Our waitress was sincerely apologetic with the wait my friend and I endured with having our order taken along with the delivery of our food.  I felt she did a great job with holding her composure with the unexpected Sunday morning rush. Lastly, I liked how Tryst's breakfast menu had several gluten free options. I work alongside many folks that have a gluten intolerance. Its nice to know there's another place in The Valley that they can dine at.
5	Pineapple upsidedown pancakes and pecan-smoked bacon. Did I sell you yet? Do you even need to hear more than that? Oh my goodness. The PB & J french toast is something extra special too. Excellent coffee, pretty much just a perfect breakfast location. I like the look of their lunch menu, I'll definitely be back to try some of that.
3	Was invited to a breakfast birthday bash with 15 of my friends.  The place was smaller than I thought because they accepted our reservation for 16.  We were lined up against the window wall and pretty tight squeeze sitting inside.The service was pretty good for 2 waiters vs. 16 of us and their other tables.  We did have to ask for refills.  I ordered the meat lover omelet (Three eggs, pecan smoked bacon, sausage, ham and white cheddar), roasted potatoes, & sourdough toast.  I think they found to add the white cheddar cheese to my omelet or it was a super small amount.  Basically a fluffy eggs folded in the meats with no cheese.  It was ok.  The potatoes were good! The rest of the menu looks greats, I would come back for 1 more try.
2	Went into Tryst Cafe yesterday and had high expectations which were not fulfilled.The woman at the door and the busboys are the greatest asset of this restaurant. Very friendly and sincere. Other than that service was mediocre! We had the pineapple upside down pancakes which had no upside downness at all! No brown sugar and no sauce! Just pancakes with pineapple in them. Boring!!! Then their bacon is blanched (pre-cooked) tasted like a dog treat. Other than that the breakfast was nothing better than what I can make in my own kitchen. Raise the bar Tryst Cafe, do something worth coming back for.
2	After getting excited to share this new find with good friends from Arcadia what a let down!  The staff was welcoming, we were needing to wait for a table. We sat at the bar and asked for a bloody Mary especially after seeing the posted pictures of a bacon bloody Mary we waited all week to taste one.  With a VERY limp piece of celery that was it had NO TASTE whatsoever so don't let any of these pictures people post on here fool you.  Taught us a lesson never to invite people to a new pace until you have tried it yourself.  The wait staff was wonderful when I shared with her about the let down on the bloody Mary she said "yup looks very poor". Don't make the bacon bloodies because of the costs. Let's  get to the food, ordered three all meat omelets, one was so poor even the waitress was commenting let me return it!  All three were the same. We enjoyed our own company paid the bill and will chalk it up as our own fault for not trying this place out before inviting people to join you.  Sorry this pace didn't meet up to the write up and NEVER an apology not offered on the meal or drink. The two stars are for the wait staff!!
5	I stopped in forLunch. Great food. Great service!  Couldn't have been better!
4	Mimosas are to die! Fresh squeezed orange juice that they make for every glass. The servers are so knowledgable in the quality of food and even offered to walk us through the gluten free options. Especially Sam! She really seems to love what she does and was on her A game. Will definitely be coming back !
5	I love this place. They are so accommodating and the food is delicious. They made a special meal for my daughter and were happy to do it. Our server was helpful and friendly.  I had the roasted beet salad and the ingredients were very fresh and tasty. I can't wait to go back.
3	This place is okay -- I really don't get the hype. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes and they tasted burnt. My boyfriend ordered the french toast and that was pretty good. Service was slow and there was absolutely no one in the restaurant. Friendly place. I'd come here for breakfast since it's so close to where I live but I certainly wouldn't make any sort of effort to come here. I do support their organic and sustainable food.
5	This is our new favorite place. The food and drinks are great.  On our first visit, they gave us a card for a free appetizer or dessert. So we went back on Sunday, 8/12, and on top of the free appetizer, we were given a manager discount of 20% off! My fiance loved the tortilla soup. I loved the cheeseburger on brioche bun. The salads are innovative. Can't wait to go back!
5	I'm going to post a rare review in that I didn't go for breakfast, but rather dinner.  And I can say with absolute certainty that it's worth every penny.We got the beer battered green beans as an appetizer and it was delicious.  Crispy and lightly fried on the outside but you could still taste the crunch and the freshness of the green bean on the inside.  Really good.Meals came out as: baby back ribs w/ sweet potato fries, cornish hen, and seared ahi tuna salad.  I had a bit of each and they were all very flavorful, and more importantly, the price point was great considering that this is all organic and locally sourced!  Sweet potato fries were the major selling point though...You have to get the bread pudding for dessert.  It wasn't overwhemingly sweet, and was hot and had little pockets of crispy texture interspersed with the soft texture of the bread pudding.  Caramel drizzled on top and on the plate.  All in all, a fantastic place to go to for dinner and this only makes me want to come back for breakfast/brunch considering how good dinner was.
3	I met my brunch buddy there recently and really wanted to love this place.  We went on a Sunday and the parking lot was just packed because there is also a Sbuck's just a couple of doors over.  There was a line when I arrived but BB was already seated.  She had a Bloody Mary and an omelette; I had oatmeal with fresh fruit (boring, I know but our waiter was not the least bit helpful when asked for his favorite menu item).  I guess I'm pretty spoiled by the places in MY neck of the woods but this would not be a "destination" restaurant for me as it's several miles from my home.  I didn't think the menu was especially creative and the service/access was not stellar.  The best I can muster is a "not horrible".
2	The coffee is good and the menu, although limited, has some pretty good dishes.  Service is terrible, from the turtle speed hostess to the best buy reject waiters they are just plain bad.  Good news is that the turnover is pretty high so every once in a while you get a good one.  Hostess still moves like molasses.The other day we went for breakfast and our friend asked the waiter how the sweet potato tots were.  "Amazing", he said, "Good I will take those", she said  "Oh sorry we are out of tots" "How are the breakfast potatoes""Terrible.  I don't eat them.  I get the tots instead.  Now what can I get you?"
2	I went to Tryst Cafe to meet a friend for breakfast.  I ordered the Breakfast Burrito and my friend ordered two scrambled eggs and toast.  The food took about 30 minutes to be served, which seemed a little long for breakfast.  My burrito was just ok.  The chorizo was extremely greasy (dripping down my hand as I bit into the burrito).  The side of roasted potatoes was flavorful, although a little cold and the avocado was brown on the edges.  The server asked if we wanted hot sauce or ketchup, to which my friend asked for the hot sauce.  She ate half of her scrambled eggs before he returned.  Then she had to ask for jam for her toast. Overall, Tryst was just ok.  I really have no inclination to return.
2	Simply enough, my food was cold. Not just lukewarm but ice cold. I sent it back and when it reappeared, clearly microwaved, the plate was hot but the food was not. I take issue with two things: (a) if I am paying those prices I expect my food to be hot and (b) I do not accept microwaving as an acceptable method of remedying the situation--if I wanted my food microwaved I would go to McDonalds. What was most upsetting, however, is that after sending the food back a SECOND time I was ready to just get the check and go. My dining companion was already finished with his breakfast so I saw no point in waiting around while they "whipped something up." After some cajoling from our server to order something else, and ordering something else they had the nerve to charge me for the yogurt I reluctantly ordered! In my book, if you mess up someone's meal *twice* you don't charge the person for the replacement. They clearly did not care to have me as a repeat diner and they won't.
4	When I met a friend here this morning for breakfast, we grabbed a table by the window and I sat with a view of the wall. There were culinary awards adorning that very wall, and I couldn't help but notice that there was a 2011 Phoenix New Times Award for best use of greens. I didn't even know that such an award existed until today!This is another place that reminds me of Portland. It has a modern, yet hipster vibe as songs like "Kids" by MGMT and "The Intro" by The XX played in the background at 8 in the morning.The Hawaiian breakfast was highly recommended by the waitress, seeing as how it also won 2nd place at a renowned breakfast competition in town. So of course, being somewhat reminiscent of an "Islander" myself, I figured I give it a try. After all, I'm quite the sucker for Kalua pork. It was really good. The slow cooked pork was tender and no pieces were over cooked or dried out in any way. I was very happy with this dish! My friend really enjoyed her Huevos Rancheros as well!I'm now very intrigued about coming later in the evenings for happy hour when they have live musicians play. Oh, and of course, I'd like to see how their lunch and dinner items fare in taste.
5	I'm not a big a big fan of burgers but this was the best burger I've ever had! Great sweet potato tots and mini cupcakes too!
4	Stopped here by chance.  Adjacent to Humble Pie - Tryst won the coin toss and so did we.  Nice concise menu.  Prices are somewhat reasonable.  Discounts on drinks at happy hour and live music on Mondays.  Waiter/bartender was friendly and helpful.  Service was quick.  Food was top-notch.  Fresh, tasty and presented well.  A very pleasant surprise.  We leave near downtown and this is out of our way but they do bear repeat visits.  We will be back when we are up that way again.
4	Tryst Cafe is easily accessible as it's right off of 101, but I'll admit that it's slightly hidden as it's in a strip mall across from the Desert Ridge Shopping Center. Their goal is to serve tasty locally and organically sourced foods.  In addition they have several vegan friendly options on their menu.When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised by the upscale, yet relaxed atmosphere.  With the ability to sit at the bar, sit inside at a table, or even outside, you have multiple options to choose from.Per their website wine and beer tasting is available along with a daily happy hour.  In addition, live in-house entertainment is provided on Monday nights.  I could definitely see myself chilling out on a Monday night, eating some food and listening to relaxing music in an atmosphere found at Tryst.Having conversed with Tryst Cafe on Twitter I knew exactly what my vegan options were and decided on the Hummus Trio, Desert Ridge Spring Rolls, and GTs Kombucha tea.Each portion was beyond tasty.  If you like hummus, you'll love the trio option.  As for the rolls, I've never had anything like it but REALLY like them. With the mango they had a slight sweetness but the dipping sauce provided a tiny kick that was complimenting to the rolls.With prices ranging between $6.25-$10 for lunch I found it was affordable and worth the price for the portions we received.
4	Okay:  Try to get Sam as your server as she seems to be terrific!  Some are slower and just plain not up to the challenge!  My suggestions are:  Anything made with Jewel's Cupcakes (see their yelp entry!)  items!  This includes the Monte Cristo sandwich Gluten Free, GF French Toast, etc.  They may have some of her desserts as well.  GET THEM!The sweet potato tots are like little pieces of melt in your mouth goodness!!!!  My daughter had the chocolate chip pancakes and my husband had the breakfast burrito.  It's a little spendy so I probably wouldn't go here weekly but for excellent gluten free choices with TASTE........it can't be beat.The patio is pleasant and the Iced Tea is good.  Give it a try.........especially if you're GF.
4	I miss living up north and being just a hop, skip and a jump away from Tryst. Unfortunately, I moved to south Scottsdale and haven't made the trek to Desert Ridge for a few months. I typically visited Tryst for brunch on the weekends. They make a mean spicy Bloody Mary complete with bacon slices and a cube or two of white cheese, along with the traditional olives, celery, lemon and lime. Whoever said they got an ungarnished Bloody Mary must have just been there on an off day?For lunch or dinner, the ahi salad is really tasty, and a pretty good value at $13. They don't skimp on the portion of ahi. They used to have this amazing turkey burger on a pretzel bun with Brie and some kind of strawberry or raspberry jelly, but I don't think it's on the menu anymore. The Kahlua pork sandwich is yummy too. I brought my mom here for lunch one time when she was in town visiting me and she loved it. She's really big on anything organic or locally sourced, and Tryst is both. Hopefully I'll have an excuse to venture up north sometime soon and I can indulge again.
3	Expectations were high and not met.  I went on a weekday morning and the food seemed day-old and the servers neglected me a bit.  Still worth a quick stop though.
5	Love love love Tryst.  I've been there about 6 or 7 times now and I'm never disappointed.  The food is good - always.  And it's consistent.  The service is nothing special, but it's always efficient (which is what I need at lunchtime).  They are now open for dinner as well.  I recommend the sweet potato tater tots - great to share as a side dish!  Also, the Kahlua pork sandwich is spectacular.  I'm sure it's on the more fattening side for lunch - but worth the calories and just hit the gym that night.  Their salads are also top-notch!  They have a nice outdoor space, so you can also get some fresh air at lunchtime.
1	I used to frequent this place for lunch. I never had a bad experience during the lunch hours so we decided to try it for breakfast. We ordered two regular menu items and one kids item. The kids item was split by my two children. On the menu, it states one juice is included with the meal for kids. Following breakfast comes the bill. $5.00 for one glass of orange juice! You have got to be kidding me - is there top shelf vodka included with that price? Not only that, but the orange juice is not included as a juice option as stated on the kids menu. So, we thought there was a mistake considering they charged us $10.00 for two kids orange juices. Nope, apparently not - they charge $5.00 for kids orange juice. Get real! We won't be back, ever.
5	I ate here for breakfast with some friends yesterday morning, and we all loved it! I had the breakfast burrito with a few altercations, and it was beyond delicious, complete with a tomato basil tortilla and a side of roasted potatoes.  This would be a great place for anyone who eats gluten free as the menu is filled with GF-labeled options :) can't wait to come back.
2	I usually don't like to review places unless I've been there at least twice, but now I'm making an exception. And second star is merely because food is organic.First of all, I need to say I wanted to check this place forever. Heard so much hype about it that I pretty much decided for everyone that's where we're having lunch.We came in on Saturday (2 adults and child). It was busy but we got seated almost immediately. And after that everything went downhill.Our server was either the rudest or the most incompetent one I have ever had. Still can't decide which one of those is the case. My bf ordered espresso shot, he started listing all the drinks made with espresso shots. Asked him about specials or signature dishes, mumbled that everything is there. It got to the point where I was uncomfortable to even ask him a question.For food I had ahi tuna melt sandwich, bf ordered The Affaire salad and kiddo grilled sandwich. Out of all three, grilled sandwich was the only decent choice. Salad was looking very nice, and that's about it. No dressing, a loot of lettuce and nothing more. After one bite, bf said he's returning it. Tuna sandwich was messy and greasy. And just plain ok. Supposed to come with house salad, which I am assuming was the 2 pieces of lettuce, carrot and corn on a side was. At the end we waited extra 10 minutes for our check and it did not come until bf went and found server. At that point we were so frustrated and just wanted out. He did took the salad off the bill, but bf went home hungry.Well bottom line is that I will probably not go back. Service was lame, food was lame and the whole experience was not better at all.
4	We came here after receiving a $20 off $50 coupon at the Local First Fall Festival. We stopped by around 1:30pm on a Monday with the in-laws in tow. The in-laws didn't know that GF meant "Gluten Free" so they were in for a surprise... After much indecision, I ordered the Grilled Cheese Sandwich (with 3 types of cheeses, tomatoes, and avocado) and I asked for Bacon on it as well. The husband ordered the Tuna Melt, his sister ordered the Portobello Sandwich, and the in-laws shared the BBQ Bacon Burger. (Some came with salads and others came with fries.) We ordered the Hummus Trio as a starter as well. The in-laws had never had Hummus before and were leery of the delicious dish, but were pleasantly surprised. The trio had red bell pepper, cilantro and regular hummus. All three were delicious and we had to order extra pita. The food came quickly after and everyone enjoyed their dishes. The waitress was really nice and attentive to refilling out water and asking if we needed anything. The place seemed pretty dead, but it was nice sitting on the patio. (I had a nice view of the flat screen over on Humble Pie's patio.) It was nice to try a local business, and while we probably wouldn't have come here except for the coupon, I think we'll be back soon.
1	If you need to eat gluten free, stay away from Tryst.  My daughter, who has celiac disease, was given a gluten free salad with crispy onions which are full of gluten.  We even had a discussion with the waitress that both meals had to be gluten free because my daughter had to eat gluten free and she would be sampling my meal.  We didn't know about the error until my daughter became violently ill at work and had to go to the hospital.  When I called the manager in the morning, I told him the receipt did not show GF by the salad, he asked if there were crispy onions on it and I said yes.  He said that was the gluten.  He did not even offer to pay for lunch because they do not guarantee their food is gluten free even though they advertise that they have gluten free.  I have a huge deductible and now will be stuck paying a large hospital bill because of their error, in addition to my poor daughter, who is saving for college, missing 13 hours of pay from work..  When I found the owner, she said they would pay for lunch, but since I can't prove it was their food, they would do nothing else.  What kind of customer service is this.  So basically, they do not back up their food.
4	I really like the organic food. That being said my organic food has to taste good if it is going to get a good review and this one does. Really like the breakfast here (haven't tried lunch or dinner). They have good coffee and really good bacon. We have been many times and enjoy it. It makes our rotation periodically on the weekends. The downfall here could be their service. For such a small place it should not be hard to have a few great servers. We have been pretty lucky but have seen others struggle.
4	Been here multiple times, never disappointed.  (only for breakfast)I'm a breakfast fanatic, it's my favorite meal to eat out.  Breakfast sandwich is a good size.  Husband had the Hawaiian Breakfast, and he could barely eat it all.  Tater tots are crisp and delicious and I'm not a big tater tot person.  Nice patio, relaxing and enjoyable.
4	Went twice in one week the breakfast was SO good!  Through plate sharing I tried the Tryst Omelet (yum), Pancakes (YUM!), Belgian Waffle (YUMMY!), Pecan Crusted French Toast (OMG YUMMY!), Yogurt parfait (meh and overpriced!), and Pecan Smoked Bacon cooked to perfection...not too greasy, too limp or too crispy!  I will definitely return again and again.  The atmosphere is laid back; took the 9-year-old on the 2nd trip and she fit right in- definitely cool for a family outing, a girl's breakfast or perhaps just a mimosa or two.  I'm a major foodie so it's RARE for me to rate 5-stars... please know that 4 stars is excellent in my book (5 is reserved for those extremely rare out-of-the-country tasting authentic- they just flew the food in type foods)  but as for Tryst, I will be back again and again!  Totally worth it and the price is decent!
1	Awful food and service. Went for breakfast. Food was cold. And bland. Then they charged me for someone else's food and blamed it on their "system" instead of their incompetent staff. The manager (Lisa) was completely unhelpful and never even apologized for their screwup. I wish I could give it less than one star.In sum, pretentious overpriced restaurant thinks they're better than you. Skip it.
5	I first learned about Tryst Cafe when it was recognized with the Best Tater Tots by Phoenix Magazine in Fall 2011.  I recently learned that in 2010, Phoenix Magazine also awarded Tryst Cafe with Best New Restaurant.  Not sure what to expect, I stopped by once for breakfast and again for dinner a short while later.  Both meals were amazing!  There are daily happy hour specials from 3-6 PM each day as well as live music on the 1st Monday evening of every month.  They also host Tryst Around the World nights and a special New Years Eve menu.  I have enjoyed every dish that I have tried from breakfast meals such as the Monte Cristo, a breakfast sandwich, omelets, and of course, sweet potato tater tots (definitely the highlight of any breakfast at Tryst!).  I have also enjoyed lunches and dinners at Tryst where I have had some great starters (in fact, there used to be a coupon for a free starter on its Facebook page).  Any dish whether an entree, burger, or sandwich has been worth the trip.
3	Prefer Tryst for breakfast over anything else. My go-to is the Tryst or Cheese omelet.  My only complaint is that for some reason, though the eggs and ingredients are fine, there always seems to be an excess of moisture/water on my plate. I find it odd and it waters down (obviously) the food. That said, I still like the food itself. And I LOVE the tots. Love. It's a little pricey in my opinion, but not enough to keep me from going. I'd have given 4 stars if it weren't for the watery plates. I've had this issue multiple times, so it wasn't just a fluke.
2	My mother read about this place in the New Times so she was excited to try this place out with me.We came in on a Sunday late morning and the place was packed. We lucked out though as someone was leaving right when we came in so a table wait was nonexistent. The place is small (with a "patio" sorta), we chose to eat inside. It took about 10 minutes before we were greeted by our waitress. My mother tried to ask for 1/2 grapefruit juice and 1/2 orange as her drink, the waitress glared at my mom like she was from outer space. I was pissed about her behavior after she walked off without another word but she seemed to come back a few minutes later with a MUCH better attitude that she held on to for the rest of our service. But at the start, she was a total bunt (replace that with a "c"...)Our breakfast was blah. No flavor, no fun, no creativity. We were super excited to try the sweet potato tots and these were the biggest disappointment. They were dry, tasteless, hard. I rarely have the willpower to say no to a carb-not only did I say no to these, it was a HELL NO. Last time I believe a New Times food review. Come here for some eye rolls and bland food. PS-Perhaps the owners should establish a "complaint section" away from customer's ears as it's not super impressive to complain about diners-especially when they can see/hear you.
3	When Tryst initially opened I was so excited there was a good breakfast joint near my house, unfortunately the quality of the food and service is hit or miss. The service there can tends to be either absolutely terrible or spot on. Last time I was there the waiter disappeared for 20 minutes after we arrived so we had to wait, IMO, too long to order our food. The food itself took 45 minutes to arrive. I am giving it and extra star because some of their food is pretty yummy, like the Monte Cristo & Huevos Rancheros.
4	Tremendous food and atmosphere.  Very popular so I suggest that you make a reservation.  This review is only for the Brunch/Lunch.  However I would love to see how they do dinner.  The cocktails sound absolutely yummy!
1	First time here and LAST time. There are too many other nice places In town to go to, do not waste your time and money here.Went there on a Wednesday morning and it was not busy and waited to be seated. I also noticed that that was the norm for all customers. Ordered and shared a few things that were recommended by the waiter - breakfast burrito and Hawaiian Breakfast which were both average to poor. If that is what is recommended then the other dishes must be pig slop. The over the top was when my daughter ordered orange juice and then had a refill and that came to $5 and $2.50 so I asked the waiter why there was a price difference an was explained that each juice hasa $2 surcharge and that the first glass of oj was $5 and he thought he would give me a break and charge a refill for $2.50. Wow sounds like somebody feels guilty of the price.The waiter said he would include a comment card which would go straight to the owner, so I thought Yelp would be a better way to wake up this cafe.Lastly, I thought all the items were way over priced from entree to beverages. I love trying new places but the key is to have your customers come back which I will not be back here until things change with prices and service.If I could give this place a zero star, that is more reflective
5	Have had lunch here on several occasions, including business lunches.  The service  is consistently great, the food is organic and reasonably priced, and they even offer gluten free or vegetarian for many of their dishes.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a well prepared, healthy lunch.
4	I almost didn't go because of the bad reviews from yelp. Im glad I did go. I eat red meat about once a month and when I do it's organic. They have all natural beef so since I was craving a good burger I ordered it. With cheese lettuce tomato and onion. Cheese was extra, that's ok , but they charged for the onion. Didn't know it till we got the bill. Not that we can't afford.50 but come on . I also got a side salad with the burger . It all was very yummy.I'm choosy about my regular iced tea, they have very clear good tea. My friend who took me had organic chicken tortilla soup and she liked it. We topped it off with their delicious carmel cheesecake. Great food and good service. I will go back for sure. Gonna try breakfast then dinner menu. Don't know who these people are (complainers) that panned the place but it's not true. The place is worth trying out for yourselves.
5	I die for this place! It's so good, literally everything on the menu is amazing! Everything tastes super fresh and this place is a big reason why I moved from SD to PHX! Haha not really, but this place really is delish!
2	After convincing myself that I would go ahead and try to eat something vegetarian (not even vegan) outside the comfort of my own kitchen, I thought I would give this place a try.To say that it was abysmal would be an insult to abysses (abyssi?)  They were out of martini glasses.  During happy hour.  So they were more than happy to serve me a cocktail out of a tumbler.  I wish I could say that was the biggest disappointment.  They did not have the drink I wanted, even though it was listed on the menu, and did I mention it was happy hour?  I ended up just getting some water.  I would be grateful for it later as it would help wash down whatever they thought would be passable as an entree.Truly horrific.  The service was slow.  Very slow.  The place was incredibly empty.  I sat on the patio, among some of the dirtiest fans I have ever seen, and gazed longingly across the walkway at the bustling atmosphere of Humble Pie.  The aroma lingering from there was sadly the highlight of my entire venture to Tryst.  The TV (which is really more of a monitor) was advertising events that happened months ago, so there was no atmosphere to speak of -- besides how filthy the patio was.After getting my entree, I had to get up and take silverware from another table as our waitress had completely vanished.  I got my workout in, as well, the several times I had to get up and take my water glass back to the bar to have it filled.  All in all a horrific experience in terms of customer service.  And the food was bland and completely unremarkable in any way.  I'd avoid this place, and will not be coming back again.  I gave it 2 stars only because I did manage to daydream that I was at the Humble Pie a few times where I was enjoying myself.
4	Looking for a mid-morning farm-to-table foodie adventure? You gotta check out Tryst. I'm not a big fan of eggs bennie but OMG, Tryst's bennie sauce is light, they use prusciutto in place of ham and moist buffalo mozzarella...amazing!!If you're hungry and want something with a little more kick...you gotta try their breakfast burrito...with chorizo! Need I say more?!And what would a brunch be without a great choice between a mimosa or bloody mary. They really didn't leave much else to want for brunch.Oh and most importantly...you will want to give them a call to get on their wait list, especially if you like to sit outside in their covered patio. They'll even crank up their heaters if it gets too chilly.I'd give them the 5th star but have not been impressed with the early weeknight dinner wait...too long! Hope they get that one turned around soon. I'll will be back to try it again.
4	Food and service were great.  We went for breakfast.
1	I was looking for something healthy to take home and eat. I didn't feel like making anything for me and my 10 year old. Nice girl who waited on us, however I didn't realize she was up selling my 10 year old. I ordered a salad with chicken and avocado mixed baby greens, maybe two raspberries. So, they were generous with lettuce, and nothing else. There was hardly any chicken on my $13.00 salad. Goat cheese? Where? Oh there is a piece of that. So, moving forward, my son ordered pancakes. First of all he's 10 and looks it. She also sold him fries without asking me. He didn't even finish his $12.00 pancakes. I left and called back to ask how my bill was 35 bucks for pancakes and a salad. No less she shouldn't have sold him adult menu, or she should of asked. Now I'm stuck with 10 dollars on 2.00 pancakes! I will never go back the food was descent, at best. Prices, ridiculous.
2	Great Food, TERRIBLE everything else. To start ill say I've been in the food industry for 7 years so I'm usually very patient with servers, not today. Sit down and wait 10mins for server or anyone to approach us. Ordered drinks, bloody Mary's took over 15mins. The entire time we waited the bartender leaned against the bar talking to the busser and host with zero guest at her bar(not sure if this was because the drinks werent put in on time or because she wasnt paying attention)... Finally we get drinks, and we immediately want to order  food because we knew it would take awhile, as we wait we order another round, waited 15 more minutes. The bartender finally made them and we watched them sit for 5 mins, she had no guests or anything to do just letting our drinks sit there until our server got them. Food also took a long time, about 30 mins which wouldn't have been a problem if we weren't focused on the service. The staff was very friendly and food was good but service was definitely lacking. 32.00 for 2 drinks and breakfast is also a little pricey especially when you get bad service. If you want great breakfast, good service, and decent breakfast cocktails, skip tryst cafe and go to the US Egg. I still tipped accordingly because I too live off tips but I would have tipped double at least if the circumstances were different.
2	Regretfully, Tryst Cafe fell thru twice with me, prompting me to write  my first ever restaurant review.  I am still siting there as I write this. Picked for location and advertising of special food i went with wife and kid in March to find the eclectic menu not justified by the delivery. Goat cheese salad only very mildly contaminated by goat cheese and very little dressing, large parts of main course were seriously cold and asparagus heavily overcooked. Service friendly but inefficient that day (as a European I do not expect the usual American speed of refilling, but this one was very slow and unattentive) After I put my card for payment, the check grew by 10% as they had forgotten to add a drink I had. Would have liked to be alerted of that vs. finding out myself.To their credit they offered discount voucher for next time which i rejected with my offer to give them a second chance. Just did and have regretted it. Sticky and wobbling  table outside, and my medium-rare tenderloin was solidly well done. Taste of sauce and presentation very nice, but there seems to be an issue with care in the kitchen - even though the place 70% empty. Maybe on the less elaborate menu items they fare better (burgers and sandwiches)  ..... but I will never know. Frank J
5	I recently had the pleasure of dining at Tryst Cafe and could have not been more  pleased with my experience...the wait staff, hostess and bar staff were top notch...i dine out quite often and must say that this is my new favorite stop...the food was amazing and they offer a Monte Cristo sandwich that is out of this world (not many restaurants offer these anymore as I have been searching for my favorite sandwich)...I recommend that anyone that loves gread food and fabulous service stop in for a mouth watering experience.
4	Service is not always great here but the food is consistently delicious. Love the veggie burger. Fresh made sauces and all organic make this place good for your body as well. Best time to go is for lunch. Service sadly decreases at dinner.
5	I love tryst cafe! The Kaluah pulled pork sandwich was AMAZING. Their sweet potato tots are to die for. All organic and food allergy friendly! This place rocks! The service is great too!!! Very timely and nice.
4	We came here for breakfast this past Saturday after my boyfriend stopped in for lunch on Friday afternoon. He said he had an amazing pulled pork sammie and sweet pot tots, and this place had been on our" weekend breakfast out" radar for a while, so we stopped in.We got there around 9:30 and had a short (less than 5 minutes) wait. There were a few tables open, but I honestly appreciate places that don't overwhelm their staff by rapidly seating all their tables. It makes for a much easier experience. The patio was packed and there was a giant table of about 10 ladies having a pre-Mother's Day gathering, so I can understand why staff might have been busy. We were sat in kind of a precarious location between two parties right in the partition between the inside and patio, but hey, it was a table.My iced coffee was delicious, and our server was very quick with refills for both iced and regular coffee for the bf. We both ordered the Tryst omelet (which seemed popular--I heard the ladies at the table next to us order it.) which is filled with fresh mozz, roasted tomatoes and pesto. He kept the sweet potato tots, I subbed fruit for mine. (I'd just ran for 31 minutes straight, I needed to pretend to be healthy.)The omelets were stuffed and delicious. The mozz could have been just an eensie bit more melted but the roasted tomatoes were stupid good! The lil fruit cup was tasty, with fresh orange segments (juicy!), pineapple, honeydew and melon. And of course I stole a few tots, which were tasty as expected.I really liked this place, but the prices seemed a little bit steep for breakfast. However, I definitely want to try dinner and some of their drinks. I like the organic focus that seemed to be throughout all the menus. Tryst was a good change of pace and we'll be back to try new things!
4	I just love the "summer" rolls here... I really LOVE them! healthy, vegetarian, deliciousness! Stuffed full of fresh veggies, wrapped in a (here's the key) non-soggy rice paper and served with a tasty/tangy chili dipping sauce. YUM! I am sure there are other good things on the menu as well... but I only seem to be capable of ordering these babies ;)
4	Only been here one time so far, and I suppose I'd go again, if I were in the area and it were convenient, but I don't feel the need to make any kind of special effort to return.  My husband had a doc appt in the neighborhood so I went in search of coffee in the meantime.  I found Tryst Cafe and decided to go to it instead of Starbucks, which was slammed,  next door.  Good decision, I think, even if it did cost more.  The Friday morning line and crowd at Starbucks was quite insane.I ordered the Tryst Benedict.  It was kind of like eggs benedict but with a mild Anaheim pepper cream sauce, mozzarella, spiced ham, tomatoes, poached eggs and spinach (I had it without the ham and there was no spice heat, just flavor, which is good because I don't handle spicy). The coffee was good and strong and service was great. It was a little spendy for breakfast for one person, though ($18.42 for the plate and a coffee so $24 including  tip), but for a once in awhile outing, I guess that's okay.Other points:  First impression:  music was way too loud both inside and out.   I was here on a Friday morning at around 9:15 am -- there were only two other diners when I arrived, but by the time I left, the patio was full (about 10 or so other diners); and added to the din of people talking, it was disturbingly noisy, like going to a night club, except I really just wanted to have a nice, mellow morning drinking coffee and enjoying the surprisingly nice weather, since the patio was covered and sheltered from the morning sun, being on the West side of the building.   There's just no way to chillax when it's that noisy (and unnecessarily so), though.The sweet potato tots were fine.  They're deep fried, crisp (how I like 'em, actually), tater tots that are smaller than regular tater tots and made from sweet potatoes.  They're good, but nothing that I think is remarkable -- I don't normally think of tater tots for breakfast, but if that sounds good to you, you'll probably really like them.All in all, good food, great service, nice atmosphere except for the too loud music, which made people have to talk too loudly to be heard over it, but a little too spendy.  Would I recommend Tryst Cafe?  Sure, if you're in the area, have to have organic food, have the money and happen to find it convenient.  Will I return?  Sure, if I'm in the area, feel like I need organic food (I go through phases), have the money (again, I go through phases) and happen to find it convenient.
2	I can't speak to the ambiance because a friend brought take-out.  My turkey burger was delicious and my companions enjoyed their sandwiches (tuna melt and pulled pork).  My fries might have been tasty had they not been limp and sad (in comparison to the turkey burger which was still quite warm).  Our side of pita and hummus was disappointing.  The pita was so old it had turned into extra chewy lavosh.  Eating one piece gave my jaws a workout.  The hummus itself was super extra mediocre.  There was something off about it.  I may try Tryst again but I certainly won't make a special effort.
1	Would have given this a zero if I could.  We went to dinner here with a group of 6.  The place was pretty full for a Monday and there was a band playing that was very good.  We got drink orders, then after that nothing.  We waited nearly 45 minutes before finally getting our orders taken.  No drink refills during that time either.  The place isn't huge and they did seem understaffed, but even still there is no excuse for that long of a wait, not even coming over to check on us during that time.  After being there for over an hour and still no food we walked out.  Absolutely the worst service I've ever had in my life.  First time I've ever had to walk out of a restaurant.  Definitely will never be going back!
3	7/28/11Took Mom here for happy hour, and the whole experience was just 2.5 stars, but I rounded up to three, since the cheese and charcuterie plate was solid, and I was given a second chance at a cocktail (when the first, the mojito, was not very good), so Mom ordered a Bloody Mary, but she didn't like it, either.  We couldn't wait to try the three-hummus plate, but we weren't impressed.  Even the sweet potato tots couldn't cut it.  Just the meat and cheese plate satisfied.  The chocolate chip bread pudding was a HUGE disappointment-- very dry, and not much chocolate flavor.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tryst-cafe-phoenix?select=52IqPNephB7PRq-6r6dsMA#52IqPNephB7PRq-6r6dsMAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tryst-cafe-phoenix?select=uCuB5TKZU4JZVyoerb_CJg#uCuB5TKZU4JZVyoerb_CJgI don't think I've been back for happy hour...
2	Flies...landing on my food...
3	Thank goodness for a reservation because this place was filling up pretty quickly. We still had to wait about 10 or so mins but all in all not to bad.  I met up with my teammates before heading out for a day of shopping for our victory outfits and we were not disappointed. The service was good and the food was pretty good as well. I loved the sweet potato tots that came with my two eggs over medium and two slices of extra crispy bacon. I was bummed to hear that they didn't have any other jelly flavor but strawberry ( I am a grape jelly lover lol). My teammates enjoyed their dishes as well and our waiter even split the checks for us. Score. I will be coming back again to try some other options on their menu soon.
4	Came in for a quick bite and respite from the heat. The place was pretty busy, but luckily there was a table inside under the fan. Our waitress was very gracious, helpful and attentive. In fact, all of the staff seemed very polite and full of friendliness and smiles. We ordered a burger to share since we were in a rush and asked for the sweet potato tots to be served as soon as they were ready, which we happily we received and devoured moments later. The turkey burger was different in a good way, brie and strawberry jam on a fluffy brioche bun. The savory sweet combination was a winner. The turkey was also tender and moist, overall a great spin on a turkey burger that I was grateful to try.
4	Went for breakfast with a girlfriend and our daughters on a Saturday morning about a month ago. The service was great and the food was also. I liked that they had an iced coffee option. I would recommend this restaurant.
5	OMG the food was amazing... or maybe I was just hungry. Either way, this place definitely hit the spot. The breakfast croissant sandwich with an egg over-easy rather than scrambled (as suggested by our wonderful waitress), and turkey sausage was absolutely mouth-watering! The organic coffee I still can't get over how smooth it was with a hint of sweetness (no, I didn't add anything to it). And I just couldn't resist ordering the pecan-crusted French toast with candied almonds on top -- wow! Pretty sure it was the best French toast I've had in a while. Tryst has become my new favorite breakfast place! :) It will be a while until I venture out to their lunch menu, but I'm sure their lunch choices are just as scrumptious as their breakfast menu.
5	I was a little concerned going to this place after reading some of the reviews.  I had the BBQ burger with sweet potato tots, and they were great!!  Our server, Sara (I think), was delightful and helpful.  I do agree that the food is pricey, so I purchased a voucher from restaurant.com.  I ordered my burger med-well, and guess what??? they cooked it med-well.  My tots were hot and crispy.
5	Tryst provided 20 boxed lunches for my tour group - and they were delicious!  They also provided insulated containers to keep the food cold until picnic time.  Call Tryst when you need food for a group - and want it to be wholesome, organic and amazing!
4	Food was great! Tryst omelette was amazing! Eggs Benedict was great! Just a little pricey! Def coming back!
4	Went for a visit with my cousin over the weekend and we are always in search of healthy places to eat.  They were not very busy, but possibly because of the early dinner we opted for (4:30pm).  The food was pretty good, not over the moon, but good - we both had salads.  The service was very good, we had a bartender wait on our table and she was very attentive.  I would go back here to meet friends for another visit.
5	Six of us came here & we all had different breakfast items. We each gave our dishes 5 stars . This will be our breakfast destination anytime we're in Phoenix. Tryst omelet & bananas foster pancake are the best!
1	After reading all great review devoted to tray this place for breakfast, they most likely has great food unfortunately for me I have to walk a way as my coffee was lighter than tea, they tray to explained that this is "organic" but seriously this is not a coffee
4	Nice local restaurant for breakfast or lunch! I've had breakfast several times and enjoyed the bacon/eggs, oatmeal, and beef sandwich!! I really think I enjoy it most because it's not a chain restaurant and the staff & food are really good!
4	Although it is a little pricey for breakfast, the Tryst Benedict is a delight as well as the Monte Cristo. They hook up breakfast with panache in a unique way. It is worth a try if you don't mind spending $40 for breakfast for 2 on occasion; depending on what you order and how well you tip. We always sit at the bar and get fantastic service there. As for the coffee being light...I don't need my coffe to be as strong as meth so it works for me.
4	My wife and I took our friend out to lunch here before she leaves the country for a year. We always come during the morning for breakfast, but we wanted to try their lunch.Good choice!We like this place because of the fresh ingredients, no hormones and organic produce.I got their club sandwich, it was excellent! Cheesy bread, yummy meats and veggies inside. Sweet potato tots? Too die for. My wife had their grilled cheese. I took a bite. Also yummy.Our friend got a salad which looked bomb too.Our server was very nice and the food came out fast.Ill keep coming back for sure!
5	Review based on breakfast only:It was a decently busy morning I'd say, but 2 of us were seated and greeted right away.Our waitress was very sweet and friendly.Food came out quickly and was delicious!Eggs Benedict and an Egg White Omelet(sort of a custom order) were perfect! The vibe in this place is clean, organized, and unique. It's not a "cheap" place, but I firmly believe in: You get what you pay for. Highly recommended place for breakfast, at least, and I will be back!
5	This place is DELICIOUS! Everything from the customer service to the food itself is just 100% amazing! I am personally obsessed with their ahi tuna wonton cups, everyone should try them :) their choices are more healthy than other similar locales and put together with a great staff, the place is just wonderful. I definitely recommend this place to everyone!
4	This place is so good! The food is great, location is a gem, the servers are friendly. I'll definitely be back. Their bloody Mary's are YUM!!
1	Went to Tryst once for lunch a year ago and it was great so when I saw it on the Restaurant Week menu I was excited to try it with my spouse and friends.Sooo not worth it.Went on a Monday night- barely anyone there.The service was not great as there were only two servers, albeit friendly.The quality of the food was probably in the same level of an Applebees or Red Lobster.They were out of almost every dessert. We were disappointed and our bill of $120 was so not worth it.We should have crossed the street and eaten at Ocean Prime where the value would have been far better.
3	Before I review a place anything less than 4 stars, I like to give it a try at least 3 times.  I have now been here 3 times and all 3 times have been mediocre. First off, I was super excited to have a place that offers Gluten free, Organic and healthy meals right down the street from where I live.  First time was for breakfast:  the pancakes came out under cooked, sent them back and received another batch of undercooked, as in raw goop in the middle. I came here for lunch the 2nd time.  I cannot remember what I had, but it took so long to bring out food out, then they messed up my friend's dish.  I will say the waitress was nice, apologized and gave all of us a coupon for a free appetizer for next time.   The last time I came in was just for a to-go espresso drink.  Starbucks is right next door, but I do not care for their coffee.  I was told Tryst uses a local brand for espresso beans which I was so happy to hear as that usually means great espresso.  However, when they went to make my drink, I saw they use pods in a machine, needless to say it wasn't the locally roasted beans I was dying to try OR even a hand crafted espresso drink.  I specifically requested how I liked my drink made and it all came out wrong.I am disappointed as like I mentioned above, great place for healthy food, but in my experiences it has been just off all 3 times.  I wish it wasn't the case because it is convenient for us to eat at, but there are many other restaurant choices in Desert Ridge.  I will say because I believe in healthy Organic food, I will try this place one more time for dinner and perhaps will receive a different outcome.
1	Wow. Came here based on Yelp & friend reviews and what a mistake. There were five in our party for breakfast. We were the only customers for the first half hour or so and the service was horrible. Waited for quite a while before having our order taken, only received drinks and coffee once with no refills at all. I ordered eggs over hard... not that difficult. They came out runny and gooey. I asked to have them cooked again and when the returned they still weren't done! No apologizes and no quick fix. Dirty dishes, floors & walls. The rest rooms were worse than a a college bar during spring break. Horrible experience. We will never return.
3	I was really excited to try Tryst because several friends told me how good it was. I went in for Happy Hour and the service was really slow, but the restaurant seemed busy and I tried to be patient. When the food finally arrived it was just o.k. Being somewhat disappointed I decided to go back for a second visit hoping the first experience was just a bad night. My experience the second visit was the same and I was not impressed with the food. It was average and I was hoping for a better experience with both the food and waitstaff the second time around.
5	This is my favorite restaurant!!!! I have had  so many delicious meals here, made with real foods that are made from scratch. Every time I go, I try something new and everytime am amazed that it is sooo yummy! The service is friendly and efficient without being fake. They are truly nice and happy people.
3	Kinda pricy for 2 pancakes .... Pancakes are not that good... Great service but not impressed by their breakfast options.You have to order sides because pancakes prices ranging from $10+  come by itself :/ no like
5	I really love this place. I feel like I'm on vacation somewhere in the islands when I'm there. The food is really great.
5	Love this "new-to-me" local spot for breakfast, lunch, & dinner!  I have gotten take out and have eaten at the restaurant.  Everytime I have been in, there have been the nicest people working.  Great customer service & very attentive servers.  LOVE their chicken tortilla soup and the hummus trio platter.  You can taste the freshness!  Also, super yummt mimosas for breakfast :)  I love that they have an outside patio to enjoy the nice weather.  The only downside is the size of the restaurant, which is out of their control.  Since it is packed everytime I go there, I do have to wait, but it's worth it for good food and drinks.  Bottomline: Not many places service natural & organic fare in N. Phoenix, so try it out because the Pita Jungle at desertridge SUCKS.
5	Had the chipotle veggie burger with sweet potato tots... by far the best veggie burger i've ever had! Also, the house pinot noir (only $5 during happy hour) was really nice and smooth. I am definitely going back, so many good options on the menu!
5	Their turkey wrap is AMAZING! Organic, fresh, and delicious. I always want to try something new but I always go back to ol' reliable. I love their house balsamic vinigarette as well! So yummy! Give them a try!!!
4	Love that they are all organic and everything was reasonably priced.  The food came out quick and was very good.  The customer service was excellent! I definitely recommend this place!
4	I ate here twice during my time in Phoenix. The first time I had the fish tacos and have to say they may have been the best I had anywhere.  My friends had the tuna melt and the chicken sandwich wrap and seemed to enjoy their meal also.  Leah was our server that night and she did a fine job taking care of us. The next time we went for breakfast. That was a little less exciting. Different server, not terrible but not great. Two of us this time, both ordered coffee. For those of you who cannot do dairy be aware that they charge 60 cents for soymilk to go with your coffee. From what I can tell from the receipt that means that a cup of coffee is $2.85, $3.45 if you want soymilk!  We are talking about 3 tablespoons of soymilk here folks.So my tip is hit Starbucks for a latte first and have an immensely improved beverage experience. I also noticed that the waitress charged me $3.25 more for my meal than she I expected. I basically ordered the French toast sandwich without the ham or cheese and suddenly it cost a few dollars more? Luckily the waitress was willing to adjust that when I pointed it out. She also needed to be reminded to bring requested condiments to the table so I would have to say the service at this meal was less than a few nights before. Overall I really like this place but what seemed like some slick pricing really turned me off the second time around. If I ever go back would be pay more attention to prices when I order. If you ask for anything prepared a bit differently you may want to ask if that going to change the price as it seems here you can order something sans two of the three main ingredients and actually get charged more!
3	We arrived at the cafe around 10:30 a.m. and there was a bit of a wait to get seated ~15 minutes or so.  Once we were seated we looked over the menu and it was a bit of sticker shock for a $10 plate for just pancakes with no sides of any kind and additional $2.50 for any kind of topper (chocolate chips, etc.).  A side of sausage would have been $3.50 extra.  I opted for a plate of pancakes anyways and my fiancee ordered a sampler plate so that we could share between the two of us - a blend of the sweet and savory is always nice for breakfast. The pancakes had an odd flavor to them and I never was quite able to discern what was different about them - not bad, but just a bit odd.  His meal was good and probably the best part was the potatoes.  Overall: BI'd be curious to try something other than breakfast from here, but most likely wouldn't be back for breakfast considering all the other places around to try out and the higher price point.
3	Let me start with the pros which is their food.  They have really good food and use organically grown and local produce. For that reason alone we continue to eat there. Unfortunately, we always order take out and about 2 out of 5 times our order will be wrong.  They never review or check your order so it is frustrating when you get home and they messed up your wife's order.  So now I make sure they check it with me before I leave. Food is great, but the service needs improvement.
3	I placed and online pickup for 7am, and they were totally ready for me with a hot breakfast! The only downside was that the eggs Benedict was too sweet, as were the sweet potato tots. I was in the mood for savory and everything tasted like it has added sugar.
4	Liked the food here! The staff was very friendly too. We shared the ahi tuna salad and a burger, and both were great! Probably won't go out of our way to go here, but it was definitely a nice meal. :-)
2	Sitting here ratting a late breakfast and the chef is eating as he is preparing the food,  the food has declined tremendous over the past few months
4	Finally made it to Tryst, I have been meaning to try this place for at least 8-10 months.We came here for a late breakfast before a doctor's appointment.Hubby had diet coke and I had decaf coffee.Hubby ordered the breakfast burrito and I ended up going for our server's recommendation (Raechel) for Eggs Benedict, mostly because she mentioned the sauce had green hatch chile (I think she said hatch, but it is the green New Mexico chile).Hubby liked  his burrito very much, I tough the Eggs Benedict were OK, but I don't think I would have them again.. I could see the green chile in the creamy sauce, but I could not taste it : (Sweet potato tots were super sweet (duh! hehe) and seemed a little too greasy... but were still good. I was pleased with the glass cup for the coffee, it looked very fancy and nice.Service was nice and friendly, and some other girl offered to refill our drinks even after we paid (that is a huge plus in my book) and she even got us a to go cup for the coke.I would like to come back but probably not very soon. Receipt is a coupon for a discount on your next visit on Sunday 4 pm to 8pm I think.... a free kid's meal or a percentage off your check.
4	The food was great. I had the Tryst Benedict and my co-workers had the oatmeal. Our server, Brianna, kept our coffee glasses full at all times and was overall fantastic! I'll definite come back when I come back to visit.
3	Tryst was pretty good.  The quality of the food was good, but the prices are a little high.  I wish I could say more about it, but it's just "okay."  Not great for parking, as it's in a strip mall across the street from Desert Ridge shopping center.
5	We have been here a few times for breakfast, its always busy. I really like the food and the fact that they accomodate you if there is somethong you dont like. Parking is always a hastle only because its a shopping plaza next to many other businesses. Otherwise, def recomebd to others!
3	Going downhill.  Quality/consistency of food has dropped significantly.  Items like Goat Cheese salad and the tuna sandwich have definitely fallen off.  In addition, seems like they have had quite a bit of staff turnover.
5	My husband and I have been on vacation for a week. We have eaten breakfast 4 times here at Tryst. I have had the Kale omelet and it's delicious. Warm atmosphere, friendly staff, and excellent food. We will be back in March!
4	Service was mixed; food was delicious. Wait time was about average for a breakfast place on a Sunday, but it should have been even shorter....the hostess was all but useless -- while waiting, we had the "pleasure" of staring at empty tables. The waitress, however, was on her game. She was quick, friendly, and appropriately apologetic when my gluten free pancakes came out undercooked.  But any issues we had were made up for by the manager who bought us a round of drinks for our trouble. Oh, and the gluten free pancakes, once properly cooked, were delicious. As was the pecan crusted French toasted with roasted almonds.  The  place is a little pricey perhaps, but when you consider it's all organic, it's actually not so bad. We'll definitely be back.
2	I had lunch with two girlfriends today before catching an afternoon movie.  I was completely taken aback by the prices and just couldn't get past this.  I mean seriously - $12 for a kale salad wrap?  Add chicken and you are at $16!!!???  For a wrap and a lttle side of fruit?  It tasted fine, though a little dry, but nothing close to special or memorable.  I can't justify it  and don't anticipate a return visit in my future.  Sorry, but there are other fresh and healthy options in the area with realistic pricing.
4	Discovered Tryst (Organic) Cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. Have had breakfast, lunch & dinner there. They have organic everything - food, beer, wine, even vodka - which is what drew me at first. Also many gluten free choices.They've had their ups & downs with service, but it's usually good. The happy hour is limited and should be improved in both hours & choices.My wife & I both love their Seered Ahi Tuna Salad, it's fantastic! We both want and need a good organic cafe in the area and hate to see the pizza place next door packed while the healthy restaurant is lightly filled. Help Tryst thrive!
3	Little pricey but has good healthy food.
5	Yummy breakfast! Great atmosphere and service. Cute place. Try it!
5	Tryst cafe has interesting, unique and healthy food.  We dined here twice while visiting the area.  Dinner was so good that we returned for breakfast.  The Hawaiian Breakfast was amazing!  It is a bowl of perfectly seasoned pork, rice and cabbage, topped with eggs. The server suggested soy sauce and sriracha - perfection!  If you're not feeling so adventurous, they have traditional eggs and pancakes too. We will definitely come back to Tryst Cafe next time we come to Phoenix.
4	This is my local go-to for gluten-free breakfast options. Although ordering GF toast or bagel is an up-charge, I feel it's a nice treat sometimes to go along with this wonderful turkey sausage or even a veggie omelette. I've also tried the GF pancakes and I suggest bringing a friend along to share those! Coffee with almond milk completes my meal. Breakfast is served until 2 each afternoon. For those who like a light bite, the Veg Spring Rolls are a great choice. At lunchtime, there are a few sandwich options, including a turkey burger & a TASTY veggie burger. For those who like a cocktail with their meal, I think the Bloody Mary is spot on. Other crowd faves include mimosas and some great wines by the glass. GOOD LOCAL EATS!
1	I am going to preface this by telling you we had a horrible experience.  Went for Sunday brunch.  Totally expected a wait which was 20 minutes.  Ask hostess "hey wheres our table" and got the "you are next" only to watch 5 more people get seated.  Get this, we were skipped because they ran out of high chairs.  There must have been a big baby party.  " how many chairs do you own?  3, Three??????  The place sits 75 and they have THREE high chairs.  OK so we sat down, one of the kids with us had to eat in his stroller. which was a huge fire hazard but you are not looking for a safety rating.  We order the food, got coffee which looked like tea twice and our food finally arrived 20 minutes after ordering and was mediocre at best.  I am seriously epi pen lactose intolerant which I made extremely clear to the waitress/ manager several times.  So I eat one half of my sandwich and peel open the other side to find partially sort of removed cheese.  My hear t dropped.  I had no medicine with me and basically was about to have an episode.  We called the manager/waitress back over and showed her the cheese.  She took it back, brought me nothing to replace it and came back out later telling me how sorry she was and how the meal was on her and how she had explained to the kitchen no cheese and she would talk to the owner.  If I was allergic to peanuts I would have been dead.  Instead I just went home and was sick the rest of the day.  I would find another mediocre place instead that is run more professionally and is more aware of food allergies and what their customers ask for.
4	What an unassuming place for a good meal. They have a lot of Gluten Free menu items and is very kid friendly. I had the Tilapia Crisps and the Ahi Tuna Salad. Both were delicious and flavorful. I like the unique creations in terms of items that they put together for this appetizer and dish. I have to say that I was surprisingly still hungry. The prices seemed reasonable and our waitress was really nice. I truly enjoyed the outdoor patio, and can only imagine it being an even hotter day and coming back to drink.
4	Service here is good. The breakfast is always good because Tryst has a lot of options including GF items on the menu. I would recommend coming earlier in the morning before the post yoga class/church rush on Sundays.
4	I feel like Napoleon Dynamite whenever I eat here. Get your own tots! Always have a good breakfast/brunch never tried dinner here. Good omelet's and great totts. What more could you ask for?
4	I really enjoyed this place. Cute little restaurant and nice breakfast/brunch menu. The bartender was sweet and helpful. The blueberry pancake was gigantic and full of blueberries. I'm glad I only ordered one! My boyfriend's breakfast sandwich looked tasty and you can't go wrong with sweet potato tots! I'm looking forward to coming back and trying one of their healthier items. My only complaint was that there was no mimosa or bloody mary deal on the weekend! But I realize you can't have everything!
4	Tryst has great ambiance!  Whether you come for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  Their ingredients are top notch and they have a wide variety.  What is great is you can either eat super healthy, or indulge like royalty.  It took me my third visit to finally get something else besides the Hawaiian breakfast, it sounds wets but is phenomenal.  Their Asian kale salad and kale wrap are delicious.
5	Wonderful  place  to  eat  and  the  service  was  very  good  thanks  to  Brianna  whom  brought  food  out  in  a  hurry.  I  feel  a  dining  spot  can  be  semi  measured  on  the  staff  they  hire. This  place  was  a  winner  in  my  book.  Always  blows  my  mind  when  I  actually  try  an  eating  spot  and  I  like  it  because  for  many  its  just  a  big  game  of  marketing  and  little  is  delivered.  My  expectations  are  quite  frequently  never  met  when  eating  out  and  I  have  been  to  some  big  named  fancy  places.  However  I  was  given  some  promise  tonight  with  this  place.  I  will  be  back.
4	Eggcellent service. Great, healthy options as post workout meals. Rec- chorizo and eggs, huevos rancheros and Benedict.
5	I work in an office nearby and we frequently go to Tryst for lunch or for breakfast for lunch. Service is always great as is everything I have tried there.
3	Came for lunch because it was close to work and I had a coupon... The service was terrific!  I sat at the counter and the staff were very attentive and courteous.  The place was moderately busy at lunch and had a nice, comfortable atmosphere.  Great wifi reception!  I had high hopes.Frankly, the food was nothing spectacular. Got a turkey burger and sweet potato tots.  Everything was okay; I can't complain... But the lunch menu is super small and I figured food quality would make up for the limited selection, but the food was just...... Eh.  Anyway the servers were awesome so if I had the chance I'd recommend to the owners to add some selections and maybe new recipes?  Very "gluten-free" friendly, if you're looking for that...
4	The breakfast burrito with chorizo keeps me coming back again and again. For lunch try the Kahlua pork sandwich. If you're not into that they always have specials and many other tasty options. The service is great too (unless they're slammed). We typically avoid that by sitting at the bar if necessary. Otherwise they have a chill patio... Try it out!
5	I work nearby and thought I should try this place..small, cute,   interesting decor.....to say the least the breakfast is amazing.   My favorite place for breakfast. Other times of day I have not gone yet.
5	Extremely accommodating staff who listens to their patrons! We visited on a Monday night in a group of 5.  We tried several margaritas and ordered entrees.  As it was cinco de mayo they had a special menu.  We tried the taquitos, chili relleno, and adobo tacos.  Truly reasonably priced with a nice portion size & overall fresh straightforward food.  The chili relleno was a bit spicy for my friend and she wasn't going to complain.  Obviously chili heat can vary from each chili so it's not really the chefs fault.  When the nice manager checked on our table and we mentioned the dish was a bit spicy she immediately offered to bring a replacement taco or enchilada plate on the house! My friend got the adobo tacos and enjoyed them.When the bill came we had several forms of tender and our sweet server took it in stride with a smile.  For how busy they were, it was awesome to see the employees maintain their cool.
4	Great food. Went there for the first time and I ordered the chorizo and eggs. I asked if they could substitute the fried eggs for scrambled egg white and they did.  Delish!!!  My son ordered the whole wheat pancakes with blueberries and chocolate chips and he said they were the best. We will def be coming here again.
3	Went for dinner.  Starter was fairly good, but entree (Florentine Samalom) was over cooked.  Good service and misters allowed us to eat outside.
2	they try I guess
1	Overpriced, low quality food, and a  creepy vibe. This spot is trying too hard to be health conscious and they fail horribly.   How can you be a health conscious restaurant that has "organic" all over thr menu and sell 40 to 50% maple syrup and not 100 pure maple syrup?! Get the f*** out of here.  What is the other 60% made of? High fructose corn syrup? Also,  how can you promote menu items that are gluten free when you don't even know if the items are cooked in seperate cookware from the non gluten items. I ordered the gluten free brioche french toast, it tasted more like pound cake then french toast. And the nerve of them to charge me $11 for it and to put the icing on the cake, $ . 50  for 4 sliced almonds  that look like it came out of a bag from Walmart. They charged me $5 for fresh pressed orange juice this s*** taste like it came out of a Tropicana carton! This spot can play this game with other people, but come on son, for extremely food conscious people like myself.. its just not happening. This place gets two thumbs down and a smack in the face for trying to pimp this garbage ass food.
5	Simply amazing breakfast!!Pecan crusted French toastChorizo eggsBreakfast burrito andFruit parfaitExcellent smoothies!!!All fresh, gluten free options, great staff!
4	Wish I could give it 3 1/2 but I'm feeling generous tonight so I'll round it up. I have to start by saying that I was very hungry when I came so I expected things to  hit my taste buds hard, but no. With the exception of their organic margarita which was fab & very refreshing, I had a Bloody Mary & their steak salad both of which were just kinda fine- good enough. Everyone I went with said their food was good but no rave reviews... except for that margarita! All in all, I would go again because service was great but would give something else on the menu a try.
1	I have been wanting to try Tryst Cafe for a while now and it saddens me to say that I am not impressed.  I spent too much money for mediocre food.  I was especially disappointed to find the limited coffee options for a cafe. The restaurant has enormous potential. They either need to increase their standards or lower the prices.
3	I like Tryst for their organic options. This time I was going to try the egg and kale breakfast and asked about substituting a pancake for the cottage cheese (because I don't care for it) and was told I would have to pay extra. It made no sense because the two sides are the same price on the menu. I could only substitute a potato. I opted for the Tryst breakfast with the side pancake ($3). The bill comes and the pancake was $4. They corrected it but said they had increased the cost. Then please update your menu. Not sure I will be back soon despite it being decent healthier food.
5	I love Tryst! My boyfriend and I go on Sunday mornings a few times a month and we always have a great experience. I have yet to have bad service. The staff is very friendly and the gluten free options are delicious!!!!!
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE the organic and local menu. My whole family loved this place. Went on a whim with a coupon from restaurant.com. Will def go back.
3	Read all kinds of great reviews on this place, but was disappointed. Cute place. Like the idea of mostly organic food. My husband and I came here for breakfast. He ordered the Monte Christo. I ordered the French toast. The bread was dry and they add orange zest to the batter for the bread although we saw no mention of this on the menu. When the server asked us if we enjoyed the food and we told her it had a different flavor she explained this to us and then said, now you will know for next time. I don't think there will be a next time. Service was slow and I didn't get the beverage I ordered.
3	This place has a nice vibe, it is relaxing.  I like to go for breakfast, their omelets are great and not of ridiculous size.  Breakfast Sammie's are good too.  I always ask for my eggs to be a bit well done and they get it right every single time.  They have great coffee and fresh orange juice.They have great sangria too!The only real drawback is that sometimes there are a lot of kids there on the weekend for breakfast so it can be loud on the patio....but not always.Not a huge menu, but definitely worth checking out.
4	Really enjoyed my first visit here.  Most of the dishes are made with local and/or organic ingredients, the menu is quite diverse with lots of healthful options.  The fried green beans with a few house sauces were to die for and not too greasy at all.  I am definitely coming back to explore further.  Just a nice casual place for a mid-week dinner....nothing fancy but good hearty and healthy food.
5	I LOVE tryst!! It is my favorite restaurant- I have been going there the past year now.  They have lots of gluten free options(I am gluten intolerant). The quality of the food is really good. It never leaves you feeling sick to your stomach. I have a very sensitive stomach and I am happy to say I have NEVER had a bad experience at Tryst! They have lots of organic food so if you're into eating clean and healthy I'd strongly recommend Tryst cafe!!
4	The food is excellent and it's one of few restaurants I feel comfortable enough with the quality of food to feed to my child. Wait is never long to get seated and food is always great.My only complaint is that sometimes the staff seem rushed (which is odd because there are always 2 or 3 staff members just standing around) so I can end up waiting longer than most places for my check, food or drink refill.Overall food rating would be 5 starsOverall service rating would be 3 stars
2	This review is for my most recent visit to Tryst.  Normally, I would probably leave a 4 to 5 star review (and maybe i will reevaluate and update this review on our next visit)The point of this review is not to highlight their food.  Honestly, their food is top notch for the most part.  Never any complaints here.  My review is to highlight an over served regular customer who made every other customer uncomfortable who walked into this establishment.  I understand that servers cannot control the behavior of their patrons, but to allow a customer to be beligerantly rude and disrupt others is not good business.  Some servers seemed to play his little game and egg him on.  Other servers seemed agitated with his antics but didn't do anything to handle the situation (and honestly I do not expect them to, I expect a manager to.)A huge part of how I choose where to dine is due to the ambiance of the place.  If I feel uncomfortable, chances are I will not be going back.  If my girlfriend is uncomfortable, chances are we are never going back.If this man wasn't there and/or was dealt with in a proper fashion, this would have been a lovely dining experience at a restaurant I have been to many times.
5	Probably my favorite place for brunch in the north Phoenix area. Organic, heathy and highly addictive sweet potato tots. Their lunch menu is great too. Try the house made veggie burger!
4	After reading the reviews I was a little skeptical of this place.  But it surprised me with great food.  From our hummus plate & sweet potato tots to the steak and the finish with cheese cake.   It was great.  The only reason I dinged them a star was that the service was a little slow.  Waiting for drinks was a little annoying.  Otherwise the food was too notch!
5	We really enjoyed the food it was really good and so was the seasonal beer that was organic
5	All I can say is eat breakfast here!   From the basic Tryst breakfast to the Hawaiian breakfast,  it is excellent.   Fresh,  delicious and unique.   Service is great as well!   I can't wait to try the Monte Cristo.   Check out the menu online and go there. Yummy!
5	Go to Tryst! The food was great! Have the goat cheese and chicken salad - perfect. I can't wait to go back and try more things.
4	This has become a staple of mine, it's a great place to have a good lunch and conversation.  The noise level is pretty low that it's easy to have a conversations.  The staff is always friendly and easy to work with.  Some of my favorites include the pork taco special and the grilled cheese (three cheeses and avacodo, yummy).
4	I went for Sunday brunch with two friends. I had the GF Eggs Benedict and really enjoyed it. The sweet potato tots were really good. I loved that they offered so many GF options, as I am gluten intolerant. One friend had the Monte Cristo and said that it was too much bread, not enough filling, and felt the raspberry jam should have been served on the side. My other friend enjoyed her eggs and potatoes. The coffee was really good and I was impressed that they serve stevia and not aspartame. We waited about 5 minutes for a table at about 10 am and it was quite busy. Food came out timely and our server was attentive. Overall I enjoyed the food and the ambiance and would go back again. My friend with the Monte Cristo would go again and try something different.
5	Hubby and I ate here for the first time last night and we'll be back!! The food was delicious. I had the incredible burger with everything including mozz, pesto, and roasted tomato. Absolutely incredible and I was sorry when I took my last bite. Hubby had the kaluha pork sandwich and loved it. Fries were crispy and hot. Even the water was perfect (no chlorine or yucky taste if you know what I mean). Service was quick and friendly. Small place, casual, but oh so yummy!
5	Everything we ordered as a group was absolutely incredible.  Lately my visits to restaurants through Groupons has been a hit or miss.  This was a complete home run and more.  We started off with their fried green beans and sweet potato tots.  The green beans were crystalized and not overpowering and the tots were to die for.The winner of the night was the salmon with sweet potato hash.  I am not usually a big fan of hash or mash potato type items, but the complement of this item with the entire dish was amazing.  The salmon was so tender and perfectly cooked.  On the bottom of the plate, you had artichoke heart type of sauce that really kicked in a whole new flavor.The final finish was the pudding.  The pudding was excellent but it may be a little sweeter for some people's liking.  I enjoyed it because I have a major sweet tooth.I have no been "wowed" in a long time with food experience.  This completely blew me away.
5	Tryst is the cure for the common brunch. Get the Hawaiian Breakfast and call it a day; or, close out your day with some pulled pork tacos and live music.
4	I have been in for brunch a few times and enjoyed the food a lot.  I ordered the steak and eggs which was awesome.  I would recommend the breakfast sandwich as well. Service has always been nice but can be slow at times.
5	This morning, while visiting Phoenix area from out of town, we decided to meet up with a friend for breakfast. My friend just chose the first breakfast place that showed up on his search which happened to be Tryst. Didn't know anything about it other than it served breakfast. Wow! We LOVED it! The food was soooooo good! I have Celiac disease so I have to eat gluten free and I was AMAZED at how many gluten free options they offered! I had the Monte Cristo which was very delicious and it came with these amazing little sweet potato tots... Omg! So good! My boyfriend had the Tryst Benedict and my friend had some kind of egg dish with corn chip strips, guacamole, and other fun things. We all loved it!  we will definitely be back whenever we're in town.
5	I love love love this brunch place. My favorite is the hawaiian brunch plate. There usually is a group of us when we go and everything everyone ordered was incredible. Love their sweet potatie tots, pancakes, burritos and egg dishes. I go back here Everytime I'm in Arizona...
5	From the Bloody Mary, to the Tryst Benedict, to the Tryst Omelet to the Pancakes, the food here is truly mind blowing.  The service was average, but the overall experience has the place as our favorite breakfast joint in the Valley.
4	We went for brunch and were all pleased with our meals.  I ordered the Tryst Omelet and it was amazing.  The pesto was fresh and the sweet potato tots were pretty amazing.  They offered several gluten free options, which is great fo rme too.  We sat outside though and there were tons of flys.  Not sure how to prevent that, but it was very annoying.  Our waitress was realy nice and knew her stuff.  Parking was also pretty horrible.  It took about 10 minutes to find a spot.
5	Best breakfast- period. Healthy food that doesn't taste like it. Best sweet potato tots. Breakfast wrap is unbeatable and they serve all breakfast until 2 or 3 in the afternoon.
5	Tryst Cafe had delicious fresh food. We were visiting family in Phoenix and were recommended to go here. As a LA native, I didn't have big expectations for this place. I was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant itself was small but modern with a bar. There is options for outdoor/indoor seating. Food was amazing. I got the buffalo chicken wrap. I was a bit hesitant and fearful that they would glob on the buffalo sauce but it was perfectly balanced. Chicken was all breast meat, juicy and cooked to perfection. It comes with fries and they were sooo yummy. Breakfast is served until 2:30 and after 4:00 there are a lot of yummy looking specials like lobster mac n cheese and some yummy sounding cocktails, i don't remember. Price wise isn't bad. It's maybe a dollar or so higher than what I would call a deal, but at least they come with fries.The restaurant is located in a plaza. It's a little hidden because I was standing in front of it and it took me a second to see the signage.
4	This place was such a surprise! Delicious food that ended up being pretty healthy with lots of gluten free options! I had the Huevos Rancheros, which were honestly the strips of crispy corn tortillas made it little hard to eat with a fork. I can't complain too much, they were delicious! Whether or not you have dietary restrictions, this place is fantastic. Check them out!
3	The food here is great. I got french toast and my husband got the monte cristo. We were both pleased and the coffee was pretty good for restaurant coffee. Service was really lacking though.  We were quoted 10 minute wait but it was nearly an hour before we were sat. And the waitress didn't seem interested in being there. Overall id go a again.  Food was awesome
1	This place is ridiculous. We had a group of 4 police a child and they said 10-20 minute. We waited 10 minute then the hostess said we can't seat any groups now. Why would they have told us this when we arrived???,,
4	Good and service.
4	Just had steak, bacon & sweet potato tots (& hot sauce!!) for breakfast, Scott had the Hawaiian Breakfast - loved it!!! Soooo good!!
4	I've been here a lot for brunch, the male companion loves their sweet potato tots, which they serve until 2PM. I usually stick to getting chorizo & eggs (ask for them to make it a scramble with cheddar), but have also had their oatmeal (HUGE FREAKIN PORTION) and most recently tried the biscuits and gravy (a little sweet, could have used more MEAT!). I'm a fan of their mimosas. They also have a ton of fresh smoothies, salads, and healthy options. There is also a wine flight that is catching my eye every time. I am interested in coming back for their lunch menu too, some of the sandwiches sounds great! They also apparently have live music throughout the week, which is pretty cool! Will have to check it out some time. Overall, I think it's decently priced, always have great service, and the food is pretty good. I just wish they had hash browns.
4	Oh my goodness, what a find this was! The creative menu will stop you in your tracks. I was paralyzed with indecision for a good 10 minutes, because everything looks AMAZING.I ended up opting for the Tryst Benedict, which had a sort of Anaheim cream sauce on it, as well as spinach and ham. Though delicious, it didn't deliver enough of a flavor punch (more seasoning? cayenne/arbol pepper?)My only other grievance was the gravy (yes, a gravy-grievance); it fell in the "average- below average" spectrum, tasting heavily of flour and water and not much else (where are the pan drippings at??). Since they make their biscuits homemade, they should also make a homemade gravy IMHO. All else considered, this versatile menu has me super excited and looking forward to coming back!
4	I enjoy their coffee, and think it's better than the usual Starbucks. Love their selection of coffee brews and drinks. Great place to study as it is usual less packed and busy than Starbucks. Has a friendly and efficient staff.Yummy Yum Yum. Really good atmosphere, really good cold press coffee, air press chainges all the time but is always good. The new milkshakes are teeth chatteringly good like five shots of esspresso.
2	Went to breakfast this morning for my partner's birthday. To say the least, was not impressed. The service was ok, he didn't know his menu very well, but the food was so mediocre for the price. Although, I love the quality of food being that most of it is organic, the taste just didn't pair. Our breakfast was cold and we waiting probably five minutes at the table after being seated before anyone approached us. As a previous restaurant manager and bartender/server for years there were just too many things I couldn't excuse. Sorry folks.
4	We walked over from the HIE and was looking for a somewhat healthy options for breakfast.  Tryst did not disappoint.  He both had the steel cut oats and they were fantastic.  We did split the sweet potato tots since we love sweet potato anything and they were really tasty.The waitress was very friendly and we enjoyed her service.Decor and food presentation we modern and welcomed.
5	Tryst Cafe is a great place for brunch and mimosas after a Zumba workout!!! My instructor and I go there all the time. The wait staff is always great.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!  Such a great find and so sad I am from out of town. Cute decor and fabulous service. The server made great suggestions and we had to splurge. I have to admit that the healthy options brought me in the door, but we had to share the Pecan Crusted French Toast - SO GOOD!!  Sweet potato tater tots hit the spot too. I am not gluten free but so great to see so many options. I will definitely be back when I am back in town!
4	Stopped here for dinner, and not for breakfast or lunch, which appears to be the focus of this restaurant.  The fried green beans and spinach artichoke dip were good as appetizers, and having a few dipping sauce options on the plate was a nice touch.  Kids gobbled it all up.For entries, kids had burgers with high marks.  My wife ordered the garden burger, which was the table favorite.  I ordered the salmon, and while it was decent, it could use some improvement. One of the side dishes was a surprising revisit of the spinach artichoke dip.  If the owner could swap that out for some risotto, I could have  possibly given this place 5 stars.  Also as a side, don't miss the sweet potato hash - it actually saved the day by balancing out the lack luster salmon.For dessert, try the gluten free cupcakes.These bite size treats will not disappoint. Service was awesome.  Worth a visit.
3	Was really looking forward to eating at this new place for me.   I googled best places to eat in Desert Ridge for breakfast and this came up.  Food looked good, a bit bland but perhaps that's because it was organic?  The coffee was too light.  I told the waitress 2x and she just basically brushed it off as "it's made by a machine"  and "ok i'll let them know" on the 2nd comment about the coffee.  i held it up (glass coffee cup) and it looked like tea!  Argh!!
5	Great food, nothing that my family and I have tried had tasted bad or even mediocre and they offer a huge organic menu with additional gluten free option for those who have Celiac Disease. The staff is always friendly and the place looks clean so i highly recommended this place to anyone ...honestly there is something for everyone!
2	Cold food. Long wait. My mom's birthday breakfast :(. Nice waiter, zeroed out our bill.
2	I could see through the coffee. They should really not serve it in glass mugs.  Bloody Mary was good, not outstanding. Breakfast was good (I had the Monte Carlo), but not outstanding. For a place that bills itself as healthy and fresh, I expected more inventive options.
3	Cute place, however, the service was pretty poor. BUT I did enjoy the gluten free (even though I'm not GF) blueberry pancake, well...the outer parts of it that were actually cooked. Coffee was watery and took over 35 minutes to reach the table after ordered. I am not opposed to returning, maybe it was just an off morning or they were short staffed? That's all for now.
