2	With much hesitation, my friend and I found ourselves at the Aloha Specialties Restaurant at the California Hotel and Casino.  He had tried earnestly to suggest another restaurant, but it appears that everyone else wanted their version of Hawaiian food from this place.We ordered their special - the Hawaiian special lunch plate of pork lau lau, mac salad, tuna poki, and beef (or tripe) stew.  We also added an order of spam musubi and two drinks.  Total - over $15!  WTF?Whenever I eat Hawaiian food outside of Hawai'i, I always go for the pork lau lau, so I've had my share of this specialty.  With a little shoyu, I took my first bite of the pork lau lau and looked at my friend.  He took a bite himself and knew exactly what I was thinking.  "This is bad."  It was dry, flavorless, and ultimately, I think it was old.  In all fairness, I dug in deeper, aiming for the center and was equally disappointed.  Moving onto the mac salad, this was a shame too.  Again, tasteless.  There was no flavor whatsoever in this mac salad.  Moving onto the tuna poki.  There was chunks of low grade tuna sitting in a sauce.  It was okay, edible and had more flavor because of the marination.  But nothing to rave about.  Thank goodness for the beef stew and sauce.  The chunks of beef had flavor and we poured all of that over our rice.  The spam musubi could use some serious improvement too.  I think they are using the cheap version of seaweed, or maybe it was old.  I just know that when I get a spam musubi or make it myself, the seaweed is a lot tastier and fresher.  The only good thing this time was the free refill on the drinks!  I still gave this place a two star because everyone else was happy with their order.  Then again, they had a chicken teriyaki bowl and it's really hard to mess that one up.If you feel the need to be immersed in the Hawaiian theme and surround yourself with Hawaiians and Hawaiian stuff, take a walk on over there.  You'll pass by Lambert's Ice Cream, Ethel M Chocolates, and lots of people in Hawaiian garb.  And you'll probably find a bunch of transplanted Hawaiians hanging out there or visiting.
4	Aloha Specialties was a favorite hang-out spot for me in high school. I've many fond memories of the cheap chicken bowls and fruit punch we consumed there.
2	this place for years has always been well known for their teriyaki bowls.  eh...i dont really care for teriyaki bowls, i like dishes like pork lau-lau, or kalua pork, etc... i really try to only eat the market street cafe downstairs in the california hotel for their awesomely famous oxtail soup.  so, one day my lovely dining companion joined my cousins for a quick bite to eat at aloha specialties.  oh, crap...for $15 a combo plate of pork lau-lau, macaroni salad, ahi-poke, and beef stew, plus a side order of spam musubi and 2 drinks.  first off that pork lau-lau look so sad...it was so dry...that the vegas desert dirt looked more moist.  i bit into that hard, dry, unflavored chunk of meat and yelled...wtf!!!  i didnt dip the meat in shoyu, i had to stick the meat in my mouth and then drink some shoyu to get something out of the dish.  my lovely date and i could not stop laughing at how sad the meal was.  the spam musubi was no better because it was probably sitting out too long.  the seaweed did not break off as you tried to bite through the musubi.  it was one massive chewy thing.  ooh, i hope there are better items to eat here.  it is pretty busy all the time, so there has to be something good to eat.  so i will try again...and let you know
5	Hawaiian Comfort Food...yum.  My best-buddy Rainman (Raymond A.) found this place.  When were at this place, I always think of him since he and my cuz, M. Jun, were stationed in Hawaii when they were in the Navy.  Maybe not the best Hawaiian food on the planet but I appreciate it...What to order?  I think I've tried everything at this restaurant but here are the items I crave:+ Spam Musubi+ Kimchi SaiminTasty, affordable, quick & friendly service.  Vices available downstairs in the Cal.Aloha!
4	Whenever you are in vegas and craving hawaiian food, this is the place to go. My favorite is the saimin with a spam musubi.
4	Never had a complaint about this place. Service is good, people are nice, and food is good. I mean you can't mess up spam, eggs, and rice. I mean someone probably could, but that person would deserve to get beaten with a stick immediately.. Other meals are also good. And for some weird reason, it doesn't take 5 years to get your meal. We sat down and received our order in less then 10 minutes! Closer to 5 probably! Nice..
3	We used to always hit this place when we were in Vegas back in the day... even back when they were located on the other side...  (don't go as often now since the comps at the Cal are lame)  Local plate with beef teri, chicken teri, and spam musubi is killer.  Get an extra side of their mac salad as well.  Their saimin and teri burgers are decent as well.
2	The California ("The Cal") caters to Hawaiian clientele.  As part of its effort, the hotel has several Hawaiian themed stores and restaurants.  Aloha Specialties offers what I think of as Hawaiian comfort food: chicken katsu, teriyaki beef and chicken, kalua pork, and that most Hawaiian of foodstuffs - Spam.  Throw in a scoop of macaroni salad and two scoops of rice, and you're in high fat, high carb heaven.Since this was my first trip to Aloha Specialties, I decided to try one of the standard plate lunches:  chicken katsu, teriyaki beef, Spam musubi, along with the obligatory macaroni salad and rice.  For dessert, haupia.Chicken katsu is basically breaded and fried chicken, rolled and sliced.  It was OK, but not especially crisp or flavorful.  "OK" pretty much described the beef and Spam as well.  Nothing was bad, but it wasn't exciting either.  The haupia (coconut pudding) was downright disappointing.
1	terrible service.  all five of us genuinely felt that we were being racially discriminated against.  and the food wasn't good either.dry salmon, flavorless ramen, small portions.  no water refills at all. check, please?
4	This is a must go spot for me whenever I go to Las Vegas.  I go specifially for the saimin, since it's hard to find quality saimin in CA.  They import their noodles from Maebo Noodle Co., which just makes a huge difference compared to most places that serve saimin.  The noodles have a bit of a chew to it.Service can be a bit slow and inattentive at times, mainly because the place is always packed to the rafters no matter the time of day.
5	For me, an 808 bred and raised local boy, the best plate lunch you can find in Vegas.Local food made by local brahddas and sistahs.Whenever I'm out here visiting friends and/or relatives, I eat here at least once.Had lunch here yesterday.2 korean chicken plates.1 garlic chicken plate.1 roast pork plate.1 ahi belly plate. 1 saba plate.  1 side order kim chi.3 large fruit punches.3 Hawaiians "pounding" food.Now you tell me.  Does this place do it like the "locals" miss back home?
2	Hawaiian food at the Cal.  The Musubi's make for good snacks.  The ochazuke special is good.  They are really busy all the time, so it may take a while to get your food and to order.  But if you know the trick...you can get your food fast.And across the way they sell the best mini frog gummies!!!
5	best bang for your buck! located in the california hotel right near fremont street experience, on the second level. the saimin bowl is tasty, but ask for the small because it's huge! teriyaki chicken bowl is good too, simple and only $4 or $5. spam and eggs is great too, around $5 as well. overall you can feed a family of 5 and it will be under $40, now that's a deal!
4	Hawaiians, for whatever reason, love Vegas.Hawaiians, for whatever reason, love staying at the Cal Hotel when they go to Vegas.Hawaiians, for whatever reason, will spend their last waking moments in Vegas... literally an hour before they take the early evening flight on Hawaiian Airlines back to the islands... eating local Hawaiian food at Aloha Specialties at the Cal Hotel!At least this was what was going on when I was here the Sunday after Thanksgiving. We waited in that long-ass line close to HALF AN HOUR. I struck up a conversation with the woman behind me about how the tap water in Vegas tastes terrible. (For those of you who aren't aware, the tap water in Hawaii is magically delicious.)Alright, now for the actual review. This place is like a Zippy's with a much longer wait but a much smaller menu. However, for a mainland Hawaiian restaurant, the prices are very reasonable and the portions are generous. My dad and I both ordered the fried saimin (which to my dismay was mediocre... should have gone for the $4.95 large regular saimin!). My mom got some special Japanese lunch box (which I forget the name of), and my sister ordered the Korean-style beef and chicken plate lunch combo, which was really good. The mac salad hit the spot too.There are a number of Hawaiian places around Vegas, but my guess is that this is the place to go if you wanna feel that real spirit of Aloha. Maybe that's just because it's full of Hawaiians in an extra good mood because they're grindin on yummy authentic local food. Just be prepared to WAIT.Took a spam musubi ($1.50) to go, and ate it while I waited for my flight back to SF. I bet I got a bunch of weird looks by those unaware of the power of something resembling a oversized, angular sushi roll... but I don't care!
4	saimin galore!!! similar to ramen, just thicker noodles and actual chunks of meat, veggies and egg. remember the place is on the second floor, and they only take cash. i come here with the cousins whenever we're in vegas together, and then we gamble for a couple hours downstairs.the saimin comes in two sizes, and i always get the larger portion thinking i can down that shit like it's nothing. wrong. i always end up taking some back to polo towers, and i eat the rest of it in a couple of hours. the broth is tasty, noodles are delish, egg, pork, and fish cake, all makes the perfect saimin!!haven't tried much else here b.c the saimin is just perfect.warning: if you come during lunch, be prepared to wait in a hefty line.
4	Cutie cafe on 2nd floor of Calif Hotel.  You get in line, order your food and wait at your table to be served.  Got the local plate w/ teri beef and chicken, mac and 2 spam musubi's.  Pretty good. Took the musubi on the road for later.  The best part of the experience was hearing one of the employees talk 'bout his "cuzin" won 80 grand at Keno downstairs. It's always someone's cuzin in Hawaii!  Love it~
3	I made a visit early one morning after a long night of gambling.  I was the lone haole in the place.I was surprised to see Spam as a prevalent item on the menu.  Spam is nasty.  My mom, the child of Norwegian immigrants, used to tell me that her parents brought out Spam on special occasions.  Ugh.  She didn't have indoor plumbing at the time, so there you go.I've been to the Hormel plant in Austin, MN where Spam is made.  It's comprised mostly of leftovers from the kill floor.  They use everything from the pig except for the squeal.  Trust me on this one.  Everything but the squeal.Yes, I did try the spam musubi.  Thanks for asking!I also had the Moco Loco, which looks like a big pile of cow excrement.  It's comprised of white rice, seasoned ground beef, two or three eggs, and brown gravy.  Very tasty with some Tabasco on top!  I'm a fat guy already, but I'd be over three bills if I ate this dish with any regularity.  I'm knocking off a star because the staff was relatively rude.  Perhaps it was because I'm not Polynesian, but I cannot be sure.Nothing fancy here, but give it a shot if you want to try something different.   It sure helped the old hangover.
3	good cheap food. not saying much as this is vegas. the land of cheap food and buffets. i mean you can get a prime rib dinner under $10!!!but if you want some solid local food, just visit this place. nothing fancy or great about, but the food is decent. for some reason everytime i go to vegas, i must come here at least once. that and the many niketown outlets. which deserves 9 stars.
4	Two of my roommates in college were from Hawaii, so I had some beta and ordered the Kahlua pig. Mmmm....soooo good. Very juicy and tender, but not too salty. Even better, I asked them for some gravy on the side to pour on my rice and they gave me a small cup and later a soup bowl of it to share with the table. I picked out the cabbage though...not a big fan and didn't seem to go well with the pork and gravy. You must add their gravy to your rice, it makes it like 10x better. Not kidding.
4	Every time I go to Vegas which seems like every 2 months, I have to have my fix of Aloha Specialties.  I'm just a creature of habit but I like the food here.  The poke is fresh and the portions generous.  I love their Korean Chicken as well as the local plate.  This is how plate lunch tastes in back in Hawaii.  The saimin is good and this place beats anything we have in LA.  Stop there when you get a chance and enjoy the food.  Service is good except you have to wait to order from the counter.
5	First understand that if you're from Hawaii, you probably visit Vegas often and always stay downtown (never on the strip).  This sets the stage for what has become known as the "Ninth Island": the California Hotel (AKA the "Cal") and adjoining Main Street Station (both Boyd hotel/casinos that cater to the Hawaii crowd).  If you've never been to Hawaii before, this is a pretty good cross section of the local community all lovingly united by a constant flow of Bud Light and the chirp of Blazing 7s slot machines.I'm a Hawaii transplant now living in the Bay Area, so I especially look forward to Vegas trips for the food.   On the mezzanine of the Cal is a small restaurant called Aloha Specialties which IMO has the best local food menu on the mainland.  In CA we're limited to Hawaiian BBQ joints like L&L which pretty much offer the same spectrum of choices.  Aloha Specialties has some of  my favorite dishes:TRIPE STEW: Pretty good, could use more and bigger chunks of veggies.  Tabasco makes it even better. (4/5)SAIMIN: Not as good as what you get in Hawaii, but far better than the crap they have at places like L&L.  And it's cheap. (4/5)BEEF STEW: Tastes the way I expect it to and don't understand why other places can't make it (see my L&L review). (4/5)POKE: Too sweet.  I also prefer the onion/sesame oil style (2/5)Like I said, I eat here because I don't get good plate lunches and other local food on the mainland.  One of life's biggest mysteries is why visitors from Hawaii -- fresh off of their red eye flights from the land of Kim Chee II, Rainbow's and Helena's -- will wait in a long line for food they could get back home.  That's Hawaii locals for you.  Gotta love them... I sure do.
4	We go here everytime we play at the California. The combination plates are the best and the staff is really friendly. The Chicken is very tender and I think everyone loves the potatoe salad. The food comes out quick unless they're really overwhelmed. The lines can get out of hand sometimes but it goes pretty quick. Have your buds save a table if you have to. If you're tired of all the buffets and you're in the area, get some good cheap food here.
4	My friends and I come here as a traditional goodbye lunch before heading on home from Vegas.  It's a drive from the strip considering it is inside the California Hotel.  It's apparently a popular place to go for lunch so it's best to go there early if you're really hungry.The food comes out relatively quick and it's tasty.  I ordered the teriyaki plate for $7.25 and they give you a good amount of food.  Ask if you can get double chicken or double pork and exclude the pork chop.  The pork is hard and is a pain to eat.  The teri sauce is good and not overly sweet.
3	After trekking through The Cal.... not having a clue how to get there... we found this little place. Stood in line for 10 mins and ordered. I had the Loco Moco. This was excellent except for the over cooked my eggs. The hamburger patty was fresh made and so was the gravy. Huge portion for $5.50. Had a side of mac salad. Very good at first but then realized it had way too much mayo. The GF had the chicken and spam masubi plate. She said the chicken was fatty and a little dry. I liked the spam masubi though. All in all I would come back again if I was in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	Great place for good plate lunches, saimin, you know...  da kine foods that make you wish you were still back in Hawaii sitting out at da beach and watching all da surfahs comin' out of da water...  ::ahem::  Sorry, flashbacks...This place has good foods for very reasonable prices.  It's just upstairs from the main floor of the California Club Casino...  Check it out if you need a break from loosing...  or if your arm just gets tired from pulling those one-armed bandits...
4	This place popped my spam masubi cherry...A group of friends brought us here while in LV years ago.  This place is a diamond in the ROUGH!  Aloha Kitchen is located on the 2nd level of Cal Hotel in Downtown LV.  The food is down home Hawaiian style good. The rice and mac salad alone hits the spot after a weekend of debauchery. The line is usually out the door but it sure is worth the wait.  Note: do not save tables!  You will be scolded.  The food comes out really fast and it is cheap!  So, stash a $20 for lunch here on Sunday afternoon before you head home (and save your change for dinner at In-n-Out in Barstow).
3	Yeah, food looks to be ok.  But I didn't fly 2500 miles to eat loco moco and saimin.  Don't get me started on the oxtail soup at the Cal.
4	My coworkers always tell me the best place to get Hawaiian Food in Vegas is at the California Hotel (http://www.thecal.com/) at a restaurant called Aloha Specialties. (http://www.thecal.com/display.cfm?id=1075) About 80% of the Hawaiians that come to Vegas make a pilgrimage to this hotel. Interesting... Anyways, Aloha Specialties is decent size that can seat about 100 people or so. Surprisingly they need it cuz the line is always out the door. We waited about 15 minutes to put our order in and then another 10 minutes for them to bring it out to our table. The food is amazing and the dishes are about $7 each. They have a huge selection and since we couldnt order the whole menu, we decided on: The Beef Stew, Korean Beef and Korean Chicken, and the Special Mix Plate. I would definitely come eat here again.
4	I like the fact that if I'm buzzed playin' blackjack, or buzzed getting mugged by the one armed bandit Wheel of Fortune slot machine (which I now call the Wheel of Doom), and a Spam Musubi craving hits, I can pop upstairs, get it handled, and then get back to the debauchery.  Also, a nice hot steamy bowl of Saimin goes a long way after those nights out drinking until 6am...
4	Hawaiian food for the soul.Environment:Located on the second floor of the Cal. It's an open restaurant that has seating "outside" (aka in the hotel walkway) but small. Expect a wait on crowded weekends, especially tournament weekend! Order and pay, and they will deliver the food to you. They bus your tables for you.Food:I've always loved their saimin, but this year I was sad that my saimin wasn't HOT. It was warm. The noodles were great like usual, but the broth tasted like tap water. Bummer. After I added my shoyu and hot mustard, I was in saimin heaven. We ordered a side of kim chee (pass on this) which was not good and probably out of a grocery store jar and a side of mac salad which was good BUT had too much mayo and was too salty for my liking. The mac salad had good texture, crunch, and color though. The portions are huge! My bro ordered the small saimin and it was comparable to a regular portion at any ramen house in socal. I ordered the chicken and tofu saimin and I think it's served in a large bowl. The chicken was moist (thigh meat?) and the tofu was regular cooked tofu. The haupia was firm but the flavor was bland.Why four stars?Nothing compares to my grandma's cooking, but if I'm in Vegas, this is as good as it gets for Hawaiian food, especially saimin.
4	I love Aloha Specialties.  Not necessarily for the quality of food, though it is good.  I love Specialties for what it implies:  when I'm eating at Specialties, it means that I'm in Vegas!  I always get the Portuguese sausage, scrambled eggs, and rice with a side order of chicken teri.  Maybe a spam musubi to go.
4	Awesome. So my friend found this place his last time in Vegas. I was a bit skeptical about the place....I mean it's in the California Hotel on the old strip...not exactly what you think about when you think good eats.But I do remember folks on here talking about a Hawaiian place, so I was hoping this was it. BINGO!!!!! This place is money!!My friends ordered the Korean BBQ Chicken and I decided to be different and get the Garlic Chicken with Gravy. So each order comes plate style....meaning it came with rice, macaroni salad and HUGE amounts of chicken. So there is no waiter service and everything is boxed up like you are getting it to-go. This was cool as they were able to serve lots of people in a short amount of time.The Korean BBQ was spicy and had great flavor. The Garlic Chicken w/Gravy wasn't as flavorful but was still good. I really liked the kimchi here but unfortunately it was an add on item. I thought the macaroni salad was a bit salty.
4	Hawaiian food by Hawaiians for Hawaiians!Cal Hotel is packed with Hawaiians and this place place is always packed so you know it has to be authentic AND good.It is like fast food style where you order and pay at the counter, get a number, sit down, and wait for them to bring the food to you.I got the combo plate and a spam musubi. I thought the musubi was ok, needed more sauce. The combo plate was good (had chicken and beef). I liked beef the best. The plate was really large and filling, I couldn't finish it. I tried someone else's kimchi noodles. It was good.Only negative was that the tables and chairs were a bit sticky. ew.07/20/08
4	Hawaii style food!  Great food! Local Hawaii people all over the place.  It's great that at breakfast  you can order anything on the menu.  To bad the cashier has little if any "aloha spirit".
4	A visit to Aloha Specialties has been a tradition on all my trips to Vegas.  The reason is the great food.  I guess you can categorize the place as "fast casual".  You order at the counter, take a number and food is brought out to you.  Service was quick.  This past weekend, my boys and I tried the Kim Chee Saimen, Korean Chicken , and Tripe Stew.  Everything was hot and delicious.  The Saimen had a nice kick from the spicy kim chee and it included large blocks of tofu.   That bowl of soup was huge.  The Korean Chicken was also well flavored, moist and has a nice grilled crust.  We all agreed that the Tripe Stew was amazing.  Tender pieces of tripe in a not-so-thick tomato based sauce.  That was comfort food at it's best.  I would order that again.  Overall, it was a great visit to the hawaiian restaurant.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! (but only in vegas)If this restaurant were in a town called Honolulu, It would warrant  3.5 stars but while living in Las Vegas for 5 years, Aloha Specialties is 5 stars, Woohoo! As good as it gets! A taste of home away from home.You may not win at the slots downstairs at the Cal but an escalator ride up to the second floor,  you'll be a Winner with Dinner! (lunch and breakfast too)Do as I do, order the Hamburger steak with mac salad, rice.  A side order of Mahi w/ extra tartar sauce. A small saimin, spam musubi to go and a passion orange juice.On a typical day, I'm a polite girl, BUT, Big BUT, when it comes to local food, and I'm in a starvation mode, Or if I'm losing big on the tables, I'll push, shove, gauge your eyes out, to get my hands on my favorite local grub. I'll even snake your table, call in my food order on the phone instead of waiting in that long line.  I'll get my food quicker than you, one way or another.   SUCKA!Where's the Aloha, Love? Sorry, left it at home.
5	My last stop on my business trip to Vegas. There was at least one place I really, really wanted to go, and this was one of my top two. Luckily I was able to find it even though I hadn't been to this area of LV for the better part of 6 years. Ahhh, after a late night of... uh... business stuff, grabbing an early lunch here hit the spot. So much so that I really have a hankering for Hawaiian food and think I need to make some spam musubi for Thanksgiving this year.Anyways, I had the breakfast plate, my dining partner in crime had the local plate. Both were yummy. Thank goodness I still had a few bucks left over, otherwise this cash only establishment would have seen a grown man cry in line. Either that or bolt out of line to find an ATM. Either, way, it was worth my last precious dollars that escaped the slot machines.
4	I haven't been here recently but when I was jr high and high school, I'd go to Vegas a lot with my parents because my parents wanted to check out houses and get a house there. Anyway, we used to come here all the time and it would always be crowded and it would be hard to find a seat. This is the first place that I had a Spam Musubi. My mom would order the Saimin with Wonton and I'd share that with and get 2 Spam Musubis. I've always enjoyed it whenever we went there. I would always pick this place to eat at least once every time we went. ahhh.... memories. After, my parents would play on the slots and I'd wonder around since I wasn't of age yet. I actually wanted to eat here when I went to Vegas but you know, I mainly stayed on the strip.
5	one of the hidden gems of vegas.  located in the California.  i didn't get to partake on my last trip to vegas and i've been regretting it ever since.  having a loco moco after the previous night's bender may not be the wisest decision, but its definately worth it.  my fave is the garlic chicken with gravy.  be sure to top your meal off with a side spam musubi and fruit punch.  if you're REALLY hung-over, the saimin hits the spot - basically the hawaiian version of pho.  it's gonna cost about $20-$25 to cab it out there from the strip.
4	I'd have to agree with one of the lower posts about how this place would be soso in Hawaii, but given that this place serves up some good local food and that it is in Vegas, there isn't much to complain about this place.Just got back from Vegas and ended up eating there twice.  I highly recommend the beef stew, spam musubis and side teri-chicken.  Also think the Portuguese sausage eggs and rice is a great thing to have for breakfast after waking up at 4:00pm.Yum
5	I have been eating at this restaurant for twenty years.  I usually get a teri chicken bowl with extra teri and split a small wonton saimin with my wife. I also enjoy their mac salad.  The prices are reasonable, but the location takes time to get to.  There is often a long line when I get there (a good sign for quality), so I now call ahead and bypass the line to pick up my order.Highly recommended.
4	I am a huge fan of the Kalua Pork and Garlic Chicken. I love how both entrees are full of flavor. So yummy and tasty. For some reason, I always order Raspberry Tea whenever I go here and I never order it anywhere else. It is totally a psychological thing or maybe it just goes well with my meal. Who knows? I recommend anyone to check this place out. It is one of my favorite Hawaiian food restaurants. When I used to be a tourist, I would always made the effort to go to Downtown just to eat at Aloha Specialities. Only sucky thing is it is CASH ONLY. So remember to bring some money with you.
3	Holy giant musubi!  Too giant, actually.  I carved out most of the rice so that I could at least get a faint taste of seaweed and SPAM, and that's all I got- a faint taste.  The boyfriend got the teri burger and wasn't too impressed.Perhaps my opinion of the place was tainted by the observed uncleanliness of the staff and cooks.  I'll leave that to your imagination...
5	Some really great, real food in a casino. I have been going here for years. It is located in the California Casino on the second floor in a small food court. Get anything, it's good, that's it. The prices are very good, and bring CASH because that's all they take.
4	Who woulda thought the "California" hotel would have a Hawaiian joint in it?  Actually it's "themed" after Hawaii..... what the heck, it's Vegas, baby!I had the MIX plate with Chicken, Beef, Mahi Mahi, mac salad (of course), rice and I added a fried egg on top....we be grubbin'.....Typical fanfare here, did try the Poki, lotsa marinade here w/ big chunks a tuna n some green onions, I favor the "drier" version w/ white onions n seaweed salad in it.  The Kahlua pork was tastier than most I've had outside of the Islands.... very BIG plates here!  So be hungryyyyyyy or share plates. I heard someone say the Tripe stew is good here, but they were out for the night.  So I gotta go back n try it, my curiosity wants to sample it.... after stuffin your face here, you can top it off with some Lappert's Ice Cream or some Beef Jerky next door.til next time....Aloha!For some reason, my meats weren't cut up like the other plates, so i had to slice it up, what up wit dat?
5	Wow I crave this place.Serving sizes are awesome.  Love the moco loco, and the combo plate here.  Very hearty.  Great portions (probably too big).Spam musubi is bomb here.But the biggest hit is the kimchee saimin.  The bowl is huge and there are so many tasty ingredients.  And their noodles are really really good.We drive downtown just to eat lunch at this place.  Unfortunately they aren't open real late at night.  Forget what time, but around 9pm or something.
5	this place has the best saimin, even better than hawaii.the rest of the food is very good, just try anything and you wont be disappointed, and the prices is very reasonable, no complaints here.they also serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.the korean chicken is the best, no one can compete with this item.you place your order at the counter, have a seat and they bring your food and drinks to your table, and if you want a refill just stand by the soda machine and they will  refill your cup with any soda you want.
4	Aloha Specialties is located on the 2nd floor of The California in downtown Vegas.  If you're familiar with The Cal, majority of their guests are from Hawaii.  It'll be foolish for them not to have Hawaiian food.  Good thing they aren't fools...Everything on the menu looked good.  It was between Wonton Saimin and Portuguese Sausage with rice.  I opted for the Wonton Saimin ($7.00).  This bowl of soup noodles resembles the Japanese ramen but with different toppings and broth.  In it is ramen noodles, BBQ pork, egg sheets (is that what you call it?), green onions and in this case, Wontons.  Wontons are very delicate.  If it's overcooked even slightly, the texture of the skin turns to mush.  Unfortunately, the wontons were overcooked.  Luckily, there were only 4 so I ate that first and turned my Wonton Saimin into just...Saimin.  I was a little disappointed but the al dente ramen noodles redeemed the dish.  Chewy texture and the BBQ pork added a hint of sweetness.  The soup reminded me of beef broth.  It was rightly savory and not greasy.  Good soup.  I was happy.Surprisingly, my wife ordered the Portuguese Sausage with rice.  I'm not sure if it was done purposely but the PS was burnt to perfection.  Cancer or not, it added so much flavor.  Together with rice, the saltiness was subdued into a perfect bite of meat and rice.  I enjoyed it more than the Saimin.
5	yum! I had such a delicious lunch here today!  I ordered ocha-zuke #2 special (see photo).  It included rice, hot tea, tofu with green onion, ahi poke, mackerel, assorted Japanese pickles, and kamaboko (fish cake).  It also had a some furikake (rice seasoning) that I sprinkled on the rice with shoyu. Served in a bento box!  What made it even more pleasant was a nice little Hawaiian lady asked to join me at my big table.  She sat down with her "small" noodle soup which was massive.  We chatted for awhile and she said I eat Japanese food like a pro!  That always touches me, since I am neither Japanese nor Hawaiian.  I will definitely return.  There was even a line at 2:30 PM when I was there!  Cash Only!!
4	If you want some good Hawaiian grub at the Fremont, this is the place to go. I would recommend sticking with the rice dishes such as the loco moco since the ramen (saimin) were just ok. Keep in mind, this is cash only. Aloha!
5	As far as cheap eats go this place rocks socks.  After winning a whole $10 dollars at craps, I made my way up to the Aloha Kitchen to spend my winnings.What I got:* Local Plate- The local plate includes two spam musabis, chicken terriyaki, beef terriyaki, and a scoop of Macaroni salad.  CAUTION: If you grew up eating rice, this plate does not come with rice.  If you need rice, I would order the Chicken Bowl ($2.95) + Macaroni Salad ($1.35) + Spam Musabi ($1.75) for a total of $6 vs. the local plate which is $7.50.  Sure you're missing out on the Terri beef, but the beef is really not as good as the chicken.  I would also spy at what other people have ordered.  There were a lot of things that I wanted to get but just didn't have the space for.  *
4	Whenever I go to Vegas I always make sure to stop at the Cal to get me some good Hawaiian food here at this restaurant. The food is always consistently good, the service is fast, and the prices are cheap. For the long drive home I make sure to pack a spam musubi to go. If you are a fan of Hawaiian food make sure to stop by and grab a bite to eat
5	This place brings back memories of college and being able to eat on a student's budget.  Now that I have a job I still eat here though.  With a $10 budget this is the place to go.  Beware because it closes at 9:00 on weekdays and 10:00 on weekends.  I have tried many things on the menu but the one thing that I haven't found at other places is the garlic gravy chicken.  Pan fried chicken with the skin on topped with a bunch of hearty gravy with rice and macaroni salad on the side.  Yummy!  This is my comfort food in Las Vegas.  I spent $46 on cabs to get here from the strip for my garlic gravy chicken $10 dinner.  It was worth it to me.
5	I'm a huge fan of Hawaiian / Japanese-American food and this place has the perfect combination of down-home cookin' and quality ingredients.A necessity when I'm in Vegas. Plus it's near old Vegas, which is always a nice distraction from all the hoopla of the strip.
4	Always did love eating here... Back when it was just Aloha Cafe to us. Any trip to Vegas would involve a stop at the CAL (California Hotel) and a meal here. Never disappoints. Inexpensive and good. Never mind the wait in line. Everyone has to wait a lil bit to order their food.I usually order the local plate. This includes beef & chicken teriyaki, 2 spam musubis and some macaroni salad. This order does NOT come with rice but that's okay because in my opinion, the spam musubis they make here come with WAY too much rice action. I usually pair this order with a wonton min (saimin noodle soup that comes with char siu pork & steamed wontons). Very good. This is a large soup order and can be shared... The garlic chicken is also a DELISH order of a meal. Tastes real good.Don't forget the extra large fruit punch with your meal. You're gonna need it.
4	I'm glad my friends came here to downtown LV to try some authentic Hawaiian food.  This is as close to Hawaii you will get in Vegas and the wait here can be long.  I ordered the Mahi mahi sandwich that was extra delicious and an order of Spam Musubi.  I left with a big smile and a happy stomach while spending less than $10 for food which is hard to come by in Vegas, unless you're away from the Strip. Also, the Loco Moco is really really GOOD here. =)
4	If you are tired of all you can eat buffets and need a change in Vegas, this is a great place to go.I would have never have known about this place unless my friends brought me here. It's a nice change from the strip restaurants located upstairs on the corner in the Calfornia Casino in downtown Las Vegas.Food is great! Very reasonable for "local" Hawaiian food. Bare in mind it does get crowded on the weekends especially in the morning or lunch time. It NOTHING fancy cafeteria style dining and small.
4	Love this place... a must when I'm in Vegas.  Very good food for very cheap.  Their plates and soups are huge portions.I really love the Saimin (noodle soup) here, the broth has a lot of flavor and the noodles are perfect.  The Beef Stew is pretty good, but I love the Kalua Pig & Cabbage and Teriyaki Beef & Chicken.  Don't forget to try Ethel's Chocolates across the way and the Shaved Ice at the Ice Cream shop.
5	best hawaiian place in vegas, love it so much. can't go wrong with anything you get there. love their mac salad!!!
4	Per usual for us, we took the wrong elevator in the Californian and ended up in the employee section of the hotel. A nice lady walked us to the right corridor and we quickly found the Aloha. We had spent a few hours wandering in the Valley of Fire, so we were starving! We over ordered and had way too much food for two people. The Aloha Saimin was delicious, they don't skimp on the fixings or noodles. The spam musubi is huge, warm, and the rice was perfectly sticky. The ahi poke isn't made with the highest grade of tuna, but they give big chunks of it in a salty soy sauce. The steak plate lunch was ok, the steak was tough, but it's cheap, so you get what you pay for. The place reminds me of the hole in the wall places we eat at home. The smoke in the Californian is a bit overwhelming, but that's what you expect in an old hotel in Vegas. I'd definitely come back here again. The place was busy the entire time we were there, people know it's a good deal. Park in the Californian garage, then get your parking ticket validated downstairs by the main cage. There's a little machine that you stick the ticket in, it will save you a few bucks.
5	I have heard a lot about this little Hawaiian restaurant from my friends and my grandparents. They told me i have to eat here at least one time when i was in Vegas. So when i came to downtown to gamble and eat, the first placed we stopped was here. It's nice how it's right between the Californian and Main Street. When i got there it was around 6pm and there was a line and i was in the line for a good 10 mins. I think the kitchen can take so many orders at one time since it's such a small place. The place was pretty packed but i managed to find a booth after i ordered. I order the Large Saimin and some ahi poke to go along with it. It tasted really good and i enjoy eating saimin everytime i eat it. I was pretty hungry and i ended up having some ahi poke left because there was more noodles in the saimin than i thought. My friend got the Kim Chi saimin and she said that it was good. I don't really like kim chi so i could not tell you how it tasted. The saimin came rally fast too so the service was good even though it was crowded. The little restaurant has a nice Hawaiian theme. Lots of flowers and colorful booths. It's too bad it closes early though, i think at 9pm. I just wish it was closer to the strip and opened later so i could sober up with a bowl of saimin...
5	Gets an As good as it gets for Las Vegas.Moved to Las Vegas in 1991 and I have fond memories of finding the only place in Vegas to grab a saimin or mixed plate was at the California Hotel in a hole in the wall reminiscent of my favorite Mom and Pop joint back in the islands.  Back then there were barely enough seats to call it a sit down restaurant, basically you walked up to a window and got your food to go or waited for a table to clear up.  Surprisingly enough one always did by the time your food was ready.The Aloha Specialties of 2010 still has that same charm as it did the first time I ate there, with a lot more menu items and few more tables.  There are now 10X the amount of "Hawaiian Style" restaurant in LV but I still claim Aloha Specialties as the best in the Desert.The Mixed Plate is a winner, 2 scoops of rice, mac salad, teri chicken, teri beef, and fried mahi mahi.  Saimin is a staple.  When I am in the mood I will treat myself to a Korean Chicken or Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs.
4	I didn't even want to go. I was so wrong! Best place I ate in Vegas.
3	Saturday lunch at Aloha Specialties is a tradition for me whenever I'm in Vegas. I've typically gotten the local plate: beef teriyaki, chicken teriyaki, spam musubi and mac salad, about $8 I think. Solid, generous portions. My last visit I had the loco moco. Again, solid, tough to screw up a loco moco. Usually a lengthy wait.Combine Aloha Specialties with a cup of ice cream from Lapperts (right across the hallway) and you're golden.
4	Yes to Portuguese sausage, eggs, and rice, with a side of Aloha Shoyu.  Yes to real plates and silverware instead of plasticware and styrofoam trays you'd get at a drive-in like L&L.  And yes to all the Hawaiian decor that makes you really feel like you're back on Oahu.No to their breakfast prices.  We paid $5.75 for a breakfast plate, which is the same amount for the breakfast buffet downstairs, which also serves portuguese sausage, eggs, and rice.  However, if you don't want to wait in line for that buffet AND you're not that big of an eater, Aloha Specialties upstairs of the California is a fine option.
4	One of the reasons I love downtown Las Vegas is that they cater to people from Hawaii.  Because of this, there is always an eating establishment serving up local food.I shared the poke, aloha saimin, and korean chicken plate with my girlfriend.  poke: I don't know that I would get this again.  It's not what I really expected.  The tuna chunks were too big, and they were swimming in sauce.  The taste was still good though, but we didn't finish it.aloha saimin: I usually don't care for saimin, but it was pretty good.  Lots of wonton, fish cake, and charsiu pork.  Most importantly it was very tasty.korean chicken plate: this was a special, so it might not always be on the menu.  It didn't taste very korean at all, nor was it spicy (which it advertised).  However, it still tasted great.Best of all, the prices are very reasonable.  They had a lot of other good looking food, and I wanted to try it all.  The next time I go downtown, I will definitely hit this place up.
5	many years ago, in one of my many trips to vegas, i was brought here from a then co-worker at one of our 'business' trips.  i remember it being so good, so comforting, and at normal prices.i hadnt returned until now, about 8-9 years later.  man.. ooooooh man!quickly: we went here TWICE in a 2 day vegas trip.  this is how good it is.I ordered the chicken plate the first time and was just blown away at the taste.  I mean, i looked at the plate and could probably count up the ingredients for all the items on my plate in 2 hands.  super simple, super good.  the chicken was skin-on, thigh meat.  3 big pieces on a bed of fresh sticky rice and a big scoop of mac salad.  good to the last scrape of the plate... 2nd time around this trip, i had the ribeye plate.  2 thin cut slices, on the bed of rice and mac salad.  My brother got the local plate, which should be renamed to the LOVE plate, cuz it had love all over it.  it was Chicken and  Beef teri, and 1 spam musubi + rice & mac salad.  great grub at normal prices (not vegas prices), but the only downer part is that this place is downtown and not on the strip (~$20 cab ride each way).. i was tripping, so im still giving this place full blast Yelp kudos.5 bangers
4	Cheap and good - what more can I say?  Yes it is in downtown Las Vegas hidden in the California Hotel, but the legendary restaurant does exist!I've been to this place a few times - often going out of my way to eat at this place.  I always order the saiman with wonton and bbq pork - all for less than $8.A must visit when I  go to vegas!
1	Don't understand why people enjoy this restaurant so much. What's all the hype about?Anyways, I've come here several times and several times have told myself to never come back here, yet I always seem to give this place another shot. However, after many chances, I will not come back here ever again. This place is crowded all the time, again, I don't know why. We waited around 30 minutes just to order our food around 11:30 am. Ordered the saimen with wontons, fried saimen, and curry chicken. We all shared so we can try a little bit of each. Saimen and wontons both had no flavor whatsoever, fried saimen tasted nothing like how it should taste (bland, sugary, watery), and curry chicken was HORRID. It was like the left over chicken with skin still left on it. The curry was not strong enough either, so it tasted watery. Just overall BAD experience here. Cheap food, but horrible.
4	This place is a staple for my Vegas visits. Ambiance isn't what you come here for, its for the Hawaiian comfort food.What we ordered:Korean Spicy Chicken:  Skin-on chicken thighs with a sweet/spicy marinade.  Tried to copy this recipe at home, but haven't been successful.Aloha Breakfast:  Portuguese sausage, rice, and eggs.  What more can you ask for after a long night out?We always leave this place very satisfied.
5	I'm a particularly strange gal.For me, no trip to Vegas is complete without a meal stop at the California Hotel.  Specifically, no trip to Vegas is complete without my Hawaiian food fix.This trip was no different.  Sure, I could have had the Loco Moco downstairs at Market Street, but... I was in the mood for full-on Hawaiian.Large saimin with veggies and wontons?  Check.Loco Moco plate?  Check.Spam musubis?  Check.Ahhh.  Talk about an awesome lunch.I don't understand why people would shell out tons of dough on whatevers food at the Strip when Aloha Specialties is just a five minute drive away.Save yourself a bundle and check out this joint.  It's ghetto, but definitely hits the spot.Then you can go to Lappert's for ice cream afterwards!Yippee!!
3	Food was okay. Had the Aloha Bento.  The beef was tough.  Chicken and fish were good.
5	Yet another local favorite that me and my friends like to go whenever we are in town.  My usual order:Kimchi saimin - Nice flavor, not too spicy, good the morning after a rough night.  If you like ramen or soba, give this a shot.Korean chicken - What I usually get when I'm not eating saimin.  Again, great flavor and it usually disappears from my plate in less than 10 minutes, enough said.I would recommend Aloha Specialties to anyone in Vegas looking for good Hawaiian food.  Oh and check out the 808 store right across for the candy (I recommend li hing strawberry belts) and also check out Lappert's ice cream for desert!
5	Walk into the California Casino and you can't help but notice that they brought over a little bit of Hawaii over to the mainland.  Aloha Specialties is a must go if you come here while in Vegas.  Great local comfort food for less than 10 bucks!  I've been here on my last two trips to Vegas and I have every intention of always going back for future road trips.  Siamin - Great flavor and the noodles are the perfect texture.  Perfect for anytime of the day and in any state, sober, buzzed, drunk, hungover...you get the pointKaluha Pork - Juicy, tendered, and perfectly seasoned.  This is one of my all time favorite dishes and it is legit here.Korean Spicy Chicken - Super tasty and delicious!  Not exactly your typical local Hawaiian dish but totally worth a buySpam Musubi - Get these not matter how much food you order or even if you think you are too full because they make the best late night eat or quick bite between casino hopping.  If you don't know what this is, it is a yummy fried piece of Spam with a sweet glaze wrapped in rice and Nori (seaweed).  If you venture to this part of Vegas eat here!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel and Casino in downtown Vegas, lies this little restaurant.  My fiance and I come to Vegas several times a year, and stopping here at least once during each trip is a MUST!  We come here mainly for the Saimin with the wontons .  So amazing!!!!  They have the best Saimin ever!  Don't even try comparing Aloha Specialties Saimin with L&L as there is no comparison.  We also like ordering the teriyaki plate which has teriyaki chicken, beef and pork with a side of white rice and macaroni salad.  Their macaroni salad is to die for.  Mix their macaroni salad with a little bit of their thick, oh so yummy teriyaki sauce and it's like you have died and gone to heaven.   In addition, they believe in giving you generous portions and have reasonable prices. They have a good sized menu too, with a little something for everyone. Service is always friendly.  The only downside is they take cash only and at times their lines can be long!   And when I say "long" lines, I mean lines that go way out, past the entrance to the restaurant.   To ensure you aren't waiting in line I give this piece of advice.  Go before noon or after 2 pm to avoid the crowds.  Yes, folks, this place is that popular!  When you do decide to make a trip, make sure to wear your stretchy pants.  LOL!  :D
5	Delicious authentic Hawaiian food. I had the shoyu chicken and it came with all the fixens. Sticky rice and macaroni salad. It was da bomb! I couldn't eat very much of it though as I didn't want to get full before eating at Alex for dinner. We also ordered some poke which was as good as you can get it in Hawaii. Will definitely be coming back here for a tasty lunch whenever in Vegas. The only problem is we have to go down to Fremont. :(
5	Usually my first stop when staying in downtown during a visit to Vegas, and I get the same thing - the cheeseburger. I love their cheeseburger. The patty is not a perfect oval, so they probably make it by hand - it's got a nice salty texture, and it comes with macaroni salad. It's like an old-fashioned homemade hamburger. The cheeseburger is so good, I never order anything else, but I should. I've had tastes of other people's spam musubi and kim chee, and they are good, but not enough for me to replace my burger. They are side orders, you say? Yes, but Not that the burger is huge, but it is a nice size and along with the macaroni salad, it is filling, and don't need extra sides to this. If it weren't for Yelp, I probably wouldn't even think of ordering anything else, but now, I would like to try the saimen here, and maybe their local plate. I've had tastes of other stuff, but yes, the five rating is all about the cheeseburger.
5	this spot never gets old. the best saimin in town and i can't not stop by here if i'm in the downtown vegas area. if you want to add a little bite to your dish, ask for some sriracha sauce or add the spicy mustard that they give you. you will want to slurp up every ounce of the broth, the noodles are thicker and better quality than any other saimin wannabe, and the portions are insane when you see their prices. i sometimes forget what good mac salad is until i make my way back here and remember why i like mac salad, when it's made right! then if you can stomach some more after a bunch of good food, head across the hall for some delish ice cream from lappert's. the poifect ending to a fine meal!
2	Was surprised how many Hawaiian natives are praising this place. The mixed plate and Poke were both drowned in sauce to the point that the meal was ruined. It didn't taste like anything I've had in Hawaii, but was fascinated by this strange hotel named after California and filled with Hawaiians. There's a book on the hotel's history and its connection to Hawaii. I also went to try the Shave Ice at the ice cream shop next door, but the machine was broken. What a bust!
5	This is our favorite restaurant for Hawaiian food. It's located inside the California Hotel/Casino (a popular place with Hawaiian tourists due to Sam Boyd's longtime marketing specials) in the downtown area, where you park in the parking garage, take your ticket, take the elevators down to the casino, and then self-validate the ticket at the counter. Take the escalators up (2nd floor) to the restaurant. You stand in line (the menu is on the wall, making it easy to choose what you want), place your order and pay, get a number, select a table or booth, where a server brings you your food. There is seating right outside the restaurant wheren you can people watch as they walk by. Due to its popularity, it does get crowded very easily. We've been coming here for years. (Save room for ice cream- Lappert's is across the way- that's what we do, every time.) And just so you know, we've been to Hawaii many times, so we are very familiar with Hawaiian food. I also have a Grandmother from Hawaii.  I've had the saimin (large bowl- I can only eat half of it), korean chicken (spicy, just a warning for the mild folks out there- I've been ordering this dish more lately), and the teriyaki plate (order it skinless, just a tip). The plates come with macaroni salad  (yummy) and a couple scoops of rice. Everything is really good. All the Hawaiian drinks are available (like Pass-O-Guava). It's very reasonable. If you're looking for ambiance, this is not a place for a great setting. (I just wanted to mention that because there are some people out there that love that sort of thing.) It's a simple place where you get really good Hawaiian food at reasonable prices. Also, the portions are pretty big- I usually bring home leftovers. Unless it is crowded, service is great. No complaints here. I don't think that I've had a bad meal here, ever, over the years. They do catering.  The location is especially good because it is not in the super-busy (and sometimes pricier) Strip. It's a gem in the desert.
4	I enjoy places that provide a great value for the money spent on food. This goes back to how much I did not enjoy paying for going out to eat in California, because it is always so expensive. I originally heard about this Hawaiian restaurant from a Teriyaki Hawaiian Restaurant owner / chef friend from California. He had stayed at the California hotel, which is where this place is located, and decided to act on his recommendation. Good thing I did! I have been eating here for over a year and they only have raised prices once to an acceptable level. I always get the flash combo bowl chicken no skin & beef on a mound of sticky white rice. I then order a small saimin, which is huge, if I'm still hungry or if I want to share it. Two things that could make this restaurant a home run, accept credit & debit cards & have a healthy brown rice upgrade option. They promptly close, so be on time!
5	I was first introduced to Aloha Specialties about 5 years ago and have been in love every since. This small restaurant, located Downtown Las Vegas, has some of the BEST Hawaiian food I have ever consumed. Not exactly heart healthy, but its a definite a cure for your island craving. I have tried nearly everything on the menu once or twice. I highly recommend the Siam-in, which at most places is a miss, but A.S hits it right on. The super bowls are huge and under $5, and the combination plates range but are under $10. The Teri Sauce is like NO other!  I would happily pour it on a human arm and consume it!  But the item that has me coming back (as often as my waistline will allow) is the macaroni salad. I have never been a fan of mac salad, but they made a believer out of me. Sure its loaded with lard and not much else, but its so delicious that the second it touches my lips any weight concerns go out the window. Give it a try, you wont be disappointed!
4	They close pretty early for Vegas. A must stop every time i'm in Vegas, great comfort food. My personal favorite by a long shot is the Kalua pork, it's like a shot of hawaiian flavor in your mouth with each bite. saimin and fried saimin are very good, if you're craving soup the saimin is where it's at. spam masubi could use a thicker cut of spam, my brother and i make better, at least in my opinion. the korean chicken was pretty good, good flavor and not too salty. i'll be here again in OCT for the LA KINGS frozen fury, so you know where i'll be stopping by to eat.
5	Saw the episode where Anthony Bourdain ate here and had to go! Food was great! Best Ahi Poke i've had since visiting Hawaii. HUGE tuna peices in good sauce. Good Poke is hard find...who would have thought it's in Las Vegas? I had to try the Loco Moco and it definitely did not disappoint! Will definitely be back here everytime we are in Vegas!
5	My son was torn between the garlic chicken and the Korean chicken; the guy at the cash register said Korean chicken, hands down. We ordered that and a locals plate  with two Spam musubi, teriyaki chicken and teriyaki beef, and a scoop of macaroni salad. It was all delicious. Even though we were really hungry, we took plenty of leftovers back to the hotel for a midnight snack. We also got a pack of macadamia chocolate chip cookies that had no preservatives, only the ingredients you would use in cookies made at home -- so good. Remember, cash only and no coupons, but definitely worth a stop!
5	This cash-only restaurant is nestled in the California Hotel, down the block from Vegas' famous tourist attraction, Fremont Street. Parking is a breeze - just use the hotel's self-park. :) I ordered the Garlic Chicken Combo (comes with macaroni salad and rice), a Coke and a side spam Musubi. Five minutes after our party sat down, we were served! (Probably the shortest time I've had to wait for food in Vegas). The food was BOMB. This beats your typical Hawaiian Chain restaurant any day! And unlike typical Vegas fare from the strip, the cost did not hurt my wallet.Full and happy? Check.Hidden Vegas gem? Check.** Note: This place is not for people who want to go on a diet. They keep the skin on the chicken (both sides) and they smother your dish with gravy (if it comes with gravy).... all I can say is, HELL YES BABY. Just be aware of what you're getting yourself into when it comes to Hawaiian food but other than that indulge yourself in the gravy goodness. I'm hooked. I want one of these in Los Angeles immediately. And as my friend Stephen H. would say, "THAT'S THE SITUATION!"
4	Great traditional Hawaiian fare. Fantastic low prices! Seriously,  what a deal! Located inside the Californian hotel in downtown.  The staff was very friendly, customers were 95% Hawaiian, it must be a good place.  I will certainly return. Bonus, the casino was actually clean and nice.......in downtown!  Free parking in the garage.
4	Mmm mm. A place to go for some good home cooked style food. I always have a hard time ordering because everything on the menu sounds so good. A mix of hawaiian and filipino items. My last visit, I ordered the classic Loco Moco. A simple yet filling dish consisting of hamburger patty, with two eggs, topped with tasty gravy all covering a base of white rice. The place can get really busy around lunch time, so get there between 10-11am and you'll be good. After that, wait time can be almost 30-45mins to order. After the lunch rush, wait time isn't an issue.Oh!... and bring cash. no card accepted.
2	I have heard so much about this place that when I finally had the chance to try it out they already had a high expectation to live up to in my book. I would say it was O.K. - I've definitely had better... I was taliking to someone that told me that when they first moved to Vegas in the mid 1990's this was the only place that you could find Hawaiian Food so that's why this place it still so special to many people and for that reason I can understand the love for this place!!THE FOOD:    Korean Chicken- I hate when places only offer chicken thighs!!! (Chicken Breast is just so much healthier for you) It was O.K. but once you peeled off the skin the rest of the chicken had no taste.     Fried Saimin: This was good!!!     Poke: I was very disappointed with this dish, it was just sooo soaked in soy sauce- Not good at all....   The other dishes had at the table that I did not try was Chop Steak, Mix Plate and Loco Moco- Everyone else seemed to be content with their food. My 6yr old nephew really loved his Loco Moco. I didn't care for the cash only policy either- very inconvenient if you ask me!!! Anyhow, I do not see myself craving to go back...
2	Just ok. I can't think of anything really good about this place. The line was long, about an hour (luckily my sister was smart to wait for us as my relative got ready) and just ok with the food. I ordered the garlic chicken but was brought something else, more like chicken cutlet. I mean whatever, I was so hungry I didn't care. I ate it, it was ok. A pretty big portion, I couldn't even finish the whole thing. One weird thing is the amount of people visiting from Hawaii that eat there. I mean I get it, you're comfortable eating food that you like but there's SOO many places to eat in Vegas, why eat something you can get ANYWHERE at home.
3	8/15/10After about a 30 minute wait we got the aloha bento which consists of: Teri beef, Korean chicken, hotdog, mahimahi, furikaki on rice, the large saimin noodles, and a side of spam musubi.  The Korean chicken was good, but I guess I expected more...maybe it was because of all the other items in the bento meal that took away from the chicken...The line here is ridiculously long on a Sunday afternoon 3pm!! but I have to say definitely worth it... We truly enjoyed our meal but I couldn't give it a complete 5 stars when I wasn't a fan of the saimin noodles..the soup was delicious but the noodles just a bit blah..but the portion was HUGE we couldn't even finish it with 2 people...SO glad one of the blackjack dealers suggested we try it out! Definitely going back to try other dishes next time...considering the Cal is one of my fave downtown casinos to play at...
5	5 STARS FOR THEIR TERIYAKI CHICKEN. I always used to resent my grandparents for insisting on staying here ALL THE TIME, but no pool filled with Ed Hardy speedo wearing juiceheads who overdosed on the T & didn't get enough G or L in (amg, I'm totally swooning right now, can you tell) can compare to this teriyaki chicken.
5	My vegas vacations would not be complete with out stopping here for my lau lau plate,saimin and teri sticks...This is the place where people from the hawaiian islands come to eat to get their taste of home....everything here is onolishes(very good).Authentic local food,plates big enough to take some back to your room for later.Don't be surprised if there is a long line.It's worth the wait...Come here and enjoy.(p.s. the sports book is on the same floor around the corner.So can run and go place your parlay card while you are eating)..heehee..Enjoy aloha specialties in one of my favorite towns.....Vegas baby!!!!!!!!!!!
4	In honor of the new TV series Hawaii Five-0 (pretty good except Danno should be Asian!) I am reviewing one of my more liked Hawaiian restaurants here in LV.  Aloha Specialties is located in the ever popular California Hotel downtown.  This place alone could qualify for Hawaii's '9th Island'!  So many locals I tell you.  You know you around Hawaii people when almost everyone in the hotel is in one Local Motion or Maui Built shirt (I have several), jeans shorts or cargos, and slippahs.  No, no...not flip-flops...slippahs!Located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel across from Lappert's (yum), Aloha Specialties is very popular for the folks who still want local food, or are tired with their cheap prime rib, salad bar, and cherries jubilee dessert downstairs in the cafe.  It's open for lunch and dinner everyday of the week, but watch out for the lines they can get long real quick especially at lunchtime.  It can be hard to find seating.The menu here is fully local Hawaii fare, lots of typical stuff you would find at a local hole in the wall back in the islands.  Good, stick to your ribs (abs in my case...ha ha) food that offers good value, and a good amount of carbs.  Whenever I go here I always, always order the same things. No particular reason, those are just my favorites.  I get the Teriyaki Chicken bowl w/ Mixed Vegetables, extra teriyaki sauce, and the Teriyaki Burger w/ Macaroni Salad (sorry folks, they don't serve fries here!).  It is my absolute favorite and brings me back to memories of being home on Maui.  I love to douse my chicken bowl with pepper and Tabasco.  Mucho ONO!  I'm pretty addicted to their teriyaki sauce, it goes great on everything.  It's sweet, and a bit thick just how I like it.  Their burgers unfortunately are griddle cooked and not flame grilled so you won't see those grill marks we all like.  But it's ok, I still enjoy mine much with teriyaki sauce and mayo!  Yes, mayo!  Top that burger with lettuce, and tomato and you're all set.  Some good eating!  Because I don't like to look like a total piggy, I make my lady order a large Saimin for herself so we can 'share'.  When I say share I mean she will eat 3 or 4 bites, and I will politely clean up her leftovers.  Their saimin is so good...oishii!The rest of the menu consists of lots of local favorites, but honestly I haven't tried most of them.  I'm a creature of habit what can I say?  But the menu does have: Loco Moco, Garlic Chicken, Korean Chicken, Kalua Pig w/Cabbage, Teriyaki Beef, Fried Saimin, Chop Steak, Lau Lau, and Tripe Stew.  They also have different burgers and side items, like fresh Poke and Spam Musubi.  Keep in mind, you will not find the next coming of Jesus in this food, no 5-star cuisine here, just fresh food at local prices.  The highest menu items are in the $11-12 range but most of the menu is well below those prices.  Keep some of that dough for the slot machines!  Portions are pretty good sized especially the saimin, the large will easily feed two people.  Or one hungry Hawaiian!  Service is friendly but very quick because the line builds steadily.  If you know Pidgin, ordering is a good time to use it!  Another thing to note, Aloha Specialties does not accept credit or debit cards, cash only!
4	My friend took me to this restaurant on a recent Vegas trip since I love Hawaiian food. The restaurant is inside the California hotel. It's a perfect give-a-way that it is a good one when there are a lot of Hawaiians roaming around the casino and hotel. I ordered one of my all time fave, loco moco. Boy was it good!!! My friend ordered saimin and the soup just reminded me of Shige's. I would definitely come here again and try one of their lunch plates. There's also a Lappert's Ice Cream right across that sells malasadas but you need to go get the malasadas early cause they sell out pretty fast.
3	Good local island food in Vegas.  The servings are generous, so come with an appetite.  The usually long lines are a deterrent, but it is worth the wait.  The saimin/won ton mein is good.  The sweet and sour ribs were good too, but could have used more ribs in the serving.  The prices are pretty average for good island food on the mainland.  I will definitely come back to try some different dishes.
5	I love, love, love how the California casino/hotel caters to the Hawaiian community.  And Local and transplant Hawaiians reciprocate by visiting this hotel almost exclusively it seems!  Therefore, we always make it a point to visit this place when we are downtown. We stumbled upon this place at the mezzanine level of the casino and saw a long line forming out the door that just kept growing.  Of course  we had to try out the food here even though we ate not 2 hours  ago.I had the special: Ochoa zuke#1:  tea , rice, Teri chicken, spam, fishcake, Saba (mackerel) and assorted pickles... $9.99-nicely done and presented in bento box.  EVERYTHING was YUMMMMMMM...-ahi poke: fresh ahi tuna marinated in soy sauce, sugar, limu, green onions etc.. Generous portions and very fresh.-coffee was 50 cents and my hubby was shocked.There really isn't an 'ambiance' here, it's basically a "mom and pop" Hawaiian style cafe in a casino which for the California hotel, is quite suitable! Cash only.
5	My trip to Vegas was complete after a $20 cab ride to the Cal. Our mission was to eat some good 'ol comfort food. We ordered a variety of plates: loco moco, fried saimin, teriyaki burger, teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, and saimin. I am happy that they make their own patties, not the pre-fabricated frozen patties you get from costco. The loco moco brown gravy has a real gravy taste, nothing a package can get you. The teriyaki sauce is sweet and a good compliment to the salty meats it is poured over. The mac salad is creamy and plentiful, but there's always room for more! Only thing is that I was surprised to see the saimin order did not come with fish cake, one of my husband's favorites in saimin.
4	Ohhh man this place is dope! Hawaiian food late night is always great! I know this place closes early like around 10pm, but you still can get some of the menu items at the restaurant downstairs. Same company, just using that place for late night Hawaiian munchies I guess... I usually get their spam and eggs. Not much I can say about this meal, except that spam is always 2 thumbs up! I know they got kalua pig upstairs. The kalua pig is flavorful and juicy. Downstairs they got the Ox Tail soup is pretty darn tasty. They pack that bowl with at least 5 big ox tails!! The broth is similar to a filipino dish called Nilaga... so I can't argue about that! It also comes with a bowl of rice.Definitely will be coming here for my late night Hawaiian grindz...Aloha bitches!!
3	For a Local Hawaiian place this is pretty good. The food tastes good, cheap prices and its as close as it gets to a plate lunch place in Hawaii. If you are feeling like Local food, go here. Chicken Teri / Garlic chicken is good....Teri Burger, Mahi mahi, Fried Saimin, Saimin and Loco Moco are good too.The specials are always good, Local plate, Mix plate, Teri plate.Almost everything they have is good or what Ive tried so far, even their musubi's are good, top with fruit punch and whoooaaa....Overall good place to grind but may be busy since this is a favorite to many people....
4	Before moving to Vegas, my friends and I would always pay a visit at the 'California Hotel' (Downtown Vegas), not to gamble but to eat at this hawaiian bbq spot. I've never been to a bad hawaiian bbq restaurant but I could tell the difference from O.K. versus a  Better tasting place..Beef Teriyaki, Loco Moco, Ribs, Spam Musubi, Portuguese Sausage are all very good choices. But I must say that their Teriyaki Chicken was fluffier than most I've tried and their Teriyaki sauce was so rich, thick (gravy like) and tasty!Much Better than O.K. tasting Hawaiian Food!
5	The Saimin was really good. Get there early to avoid the long line.
5	Aloha Specialties probably has some of the best Hawaiian food in town. Other Yelpers had already praised this place to death, so I'll keep it short and sweet.-absolutely love their teriyaki chicken. possibly the best I've had.-saimin bowls are cheap and gigantic. I often go here just for a bowl.-breakfast is decent. traditional spam & eggs fare. -this place gets really busy on weekends. Don't be surprised if you have to wait 30 min+ just to place an order.-cash only. keep this in mind before you stand in line!-great ice cream shop right next door for dessertThis place has definitely become my go-to place for Hawaiian food in Vegas.
4	My family from Hawaii always stay at the California Hotel when they come out to Vegas 2 or 3 times a year.  Although they are here frequently, it has been a couple of years since we've eaten at this restaurant.  I was in the mood for some Saimin so we headed down to meet them here for lunch.I ordered a small bowl of Saimin ($5.99) and a Teri-Burger ($6.99).  Their definition of "small" is Hawaiian Small.....which means H-U-G-E!  The bowl of Saimin was about a 1/2 gallon.  It was tasty as usual.  The Teri-Burger was very good too.....it comes with a side of Macaroni Salad....but I didn't try it, I was too stuffed.A couple of tips if you are going to visit this place:- It gets very crowded during Lunch and Dinner hours, so it's best to go between those meal periods.- It's a self service restaurant where you order at the counter and they either call your number or take it to your table.- You can order take out.- There is fresh iced water in jugs on the right side of the restaurant.....I didn't see this and ordered bottled Water.Overall, it was another good meal at Aloha Specialties....I got my Saimin fix for a while.Will I return?  You bet I will.
5	wen stay downtown las vegas, "locals" gotta fo go git grinds at da kine aloha specialties.eva body git guud aloha.da  grinds is ono. no matter wat git: korean chicken, teri plates, bento, and da saimin stay da best from hawaii.ohana style service too.check um out wen yu stay at da cal o vegas club. wat eva's!
5	This is one of my favorite Hawaiian Restaurants on the Mainland. My family has been coming year for years and it's still the same menu and same people working behind the counter. The restaurants is located on the second floor of the California Hotel.  Here are a few of my favorites:Small Saimin with Wontons (believe me the small is enough), Local Plate- comes with 2 spam musubi, teri chicken, teri beef, and mac salad. In my opnion the mac&salad has waay too much mayo for me, Loco Moco- When i want to throw the diet out the window.... one HUGE hamburger patty, 2 sunny side up eggs, all drenched in Gravy over a bed of white rice. Yum! FYI Cash Only.
5	I can't complain about Aloha Specialties..they serve down home delicious Hawaiian food at reasonable prices. Oh, and HUGE portions. I always seem to go during peak hours so the line to order is often out the door, but there's so many menu items that it takes a while to decide what you want. Even when its packed, the service is great and you'll get your food in no time. They are cash only, which is fine, just hit up one of the 10,000 ATMs in downtown. Some of the food may be a little questionable (Fried saimin, actually regular saimin that looks like it was fried for a few seconds & the poke which is drowned in shoyu) but I stick with what I know- Teri cheeseburger & a small saimin. I need my combo fix of that since Washington Saimin closed down in Honolulu.. :(
5	This a great food and excellent comfort food for anyone from Hawaii.  Now I understand that the non-Hawaii people might not give this a 5 star rating but then again how many non-Hawaii people are hanging at the Cal?I was hungry when I stopped by with the fam for dinner after hitting the floor at the Cal an working up an appetite.The fried saimen is so good.  Noodle are tender but with enough tooth to them to be respectable.  No pasty or gummy fare here.  Toppings are fresh and flavorful with bright green onions with just a little tang to them.  Bean sprouts are crisp and milky white with a fresh taste.I also had a cheeseburger in the same sitting (I was hungry and from Hawaii).  The patty was moderate in size, not thin and not gluttonously large.  It was hand made and contained fresh juicy beef that had that homemade flavor that no process patty can compete with.  Lettuce, onion, and tomato were firm, fresh, and juicy.  FYI you can get a side of kim cheese and toss it in the burger for a wonderful kim chee cheeseburger, not for the faint of heart or heart burn prone.Overall the food is well made, portions are good, and the service is fast and friendly.  Beyond the food the friendly staff reminds me of home and that makes a meal at Aloha Specialities all the more special.
1	This used to be much better.  Don't get the Poke. It gave me food poisoning.  Gotta go!  Have to hit the toilet...again!
4	There is always a line here and cheap food by Vegas standards.  Pros:-Good place if you miss Hawaii or Asian food-huge portions-pretty cheap-a lot of varietyCon:Slow service and really long wait (order your own food and they bring it to your table)My Fav Food:- Siamin-Masubi-Local Plate-Aloha Plate-poke
5	THE BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD I've had on the mainland in comparison to the home-cooking in the rainbow state.  Close enough to the cooking at Rainbow's in Oahu i guess.  Good grubb!!!  My favorite is the shoyu chicken with 2 fried eggs and gravy & the ahi poke by far!  Everything on the menu is delicious and affordable.  Everybody has to know about this place..It's a secret hideout where all the locals hang out.  Good, good food at a very low, low price....JUST LIKE HOME!!  Thanks for the load of food!!!  If you want to get the bang for your buck, this is where you should get your grub on!  Come on an empty stomach though...
4	This place is cute and makes you feel really homey... I always get their Wonton Saimin, and it is delicious... the broth is perfectly seasoned, the noodles are great along with the meat and wontons!!!  Along with that we ordered the local plate, nothing too special to rave about that, mainly terriyaki chicken and beef, which came with 2 spam misubi's and some macaroni.  The macaroni was kind of bland... The prices are reasonable and the portions are very generous... Gotta try the poki next time I am there or the garlic spare ribs which looked really good too!!!
5	I love the aloha bento here which has pretty much everything on it.  Mahi mahi, teri beef, and korean chicken.  Fruit punch is just like home.  Always come here when staying at this hotel.
2	Aloha specialties serves comfort food for Hawaiians. We tried the local plate, the mixed plate and the ahi poke. The local plate was spam musubi and teriyaki beef with macaroni. The beef was overcooked, dry and covered with sweet teriyaki and the spam musubi must be an acquired taste. The mixed plate had chicken and fish, which was fried and bland. Their ahi poke was pretty good with big chunks of fresh fish.Most of the people eating here (and staying at the Cal) are Hawaiian and they seem to love this restaurant and praise it for its authenticity. We left disappointed and wondering how the same people who make delicious poke also love bland meat and macaroni.
4	Its like reuniting with that old flame that you can never quite forget.  Before it expanded, it was the typical HOLE in the Muther Effin Wall.  Did a fly by biz trip in the area, so i went to reminisce.Small SaimenCurry Chicken PlatterLarge Fruit PunchSo damn cold in vegas last week....but oh so perfect a meal.Have yet to experience a bad meal.
2	ugggh , i can't even bare to read aLL the good feedback this restaurant got . 2 stars is being EXTREMELY generous . when i Lived in Vegas years ago , my famiLy & i used to ALWAYS go here & it was thee Biz . i recentLy went here the first week of january when i was visiting & it was pathetic . food was bLand , service was whomp whomp , they have NO chicken katsu , & they ONLY accept cash . Like seriousLy , it's 2011 ... get with the program . as much as i LOVED this pLace when i was younger , i don't think i couLd ever bring myseLf to go here again . if you guys want good hawaiian/isLand food in the mainLand , come to the REAL state of CaLifornia & i'LL be gLad to recommend a handfuL of great pLaces . i was Looking forward to going to this pLace when we got to vegas , & it was such a bummer that it was faiL .
3	OK. I initially wanted to eat at the snack bar downstairs because I love the shrimp tempura there. However, I was coerced to trek the escalator and eat here at Aloha Specialties. Don't get me wrong this place has the heart of Hawaiian food but some of the entrees here did not satisfy my taste buds. This is what we had on a ten point scale.Beef teri bowl - 6Chicken teri bowl - 7Hawaiian poke - 8Mac Salad - 8 Beef Stew - 3 (very disappointing)Spamusubi - 6 The service was very good. In my opinion the snack bar downstairs is waaaay better.
3	Fun place for a real ethnic experience.  When I walked in, I felt like I had walked off a plane in Honolulu.  It was so warm and inviting with all the Pacific Rim folks.   Great food and cheap cheap cheap.  Such a nice break from the same old boring mostly white casino folks.  Hey, I'm a Haole .... just sayin!  You can get a spam musabi for $1.75!   The raspberry iced tea is wonderful.   Most dishes come with a side of macaroni salad that is delicious!I was there for my Valentine's Lunch and it was definitely memorable in a good way.
3	A (decent size) of teriyaki chicken rice bowl for 3 bucks, where else you can get something like that? The price at Aloha definitely falls into the affordable category, and their food is not bad either. I especially love the Kalbi combo, which unfortunately is not available everyday. The saimin noodle soup is not bad. My only complaint is that they put too little charsiu pork/fish cake etc... Even if i order extra charsiu, it's still too little.
4	Ever since my old buddies and I began going to Vegas in highschool with our fake IDs and all (Jesus, that was over a decade ago now......), Aloha Specialties has become an obligatory stop on each trip. It's in the California Casino, which is in North/Downtown Las Vegas. If you've never seen this part of Vegas, you might want to check it out just for kicks. It's usually our desperation stop when we lose all our money elsewhere and need some lower-limit tables to make a comeback. But back to Aloha Specialties...If you've ever eaten at an L&Ls or other Hawaiian BBQ joint, you'll feel right at home here. Loco mocos, hamburger steaks, chicken teriyaki, macaroni salad, spam musubis, they're all here. Stick with the plates, and if you want a soup, only pick the saimin. It's all pretty good, and portions are extremely generous. It's definitely no substitute for "the real thing" from Hawaii, but it's not as terrible as L&Ls... Aloha Specialties is a very low-key place where you show up really hungover and collapse all over tables. Trust me, you'll look like an idiot if you show up at all dressed up expecting the usual glitz and glam of "Vegas". Everybody is very relaxed, you won't be hooking up with random strangers here (unless you're old to really old locals who don't talk much), and service is friendly without being the slightest bit overbearing. The ordering system is a little weird, as you order your food in a line, then sit down at any table you'd like, and then they bring you food and continue to bring you things you request afterwards. You'll have to specifically ask for certain things that you'd normally consider "essentials". I guarantee you that even if everybody only orders just what they want, you will end up with too much food, which is a good thing. Cash only, folks.
5	This place is awesome!  There are a few deals to be had in Vegas. This is one of them.Fine Diners Beware: this is hole in the wall Hawaiian old school. To borrow a phrase from a favorite Oahu joint, this is "eat till you sleep" type food.Recommended: everything. And get an extra Spam Musubi to go , it's the best $1.75 you will spend in Vegas.
4	3/5/11Love this place and just the casual atmosphere! This time we tried the fried saimin and the Korean style chicken...both good, but the fried saimin wasn't all that fried..it was pretty saucy...next time i'm gonna try the Loco Moco! this place is becoming our regular places to stop by...I mean it's not the greatest food..and some of the dishes can be pretty fatty...but mebbe it's the Asian majority here that makes one just feel at home...LOL
5	This is one of the best hawaiian food place in vegas. Granted its a hole in the wall (of a casino). I ordered the "local plate" 2 spam masubi, teri chix/beef and a side of mac. I enjoyed my plater very much. While my other friends ordered the "bento box" and the teriyaki bowls. For the price they had for the bowls, I shouldved ordered one! it was much more than my "local plate". Well I was craving spam masubi, so I my stomach was telling me to buy it vs the other specialties. A buck fifty for a tall drink, sold! vs one of the specialty canned drinks (also for the same price).Some of my friends dogged me for eating spam masubi (they dont like spam or seaweed). So I tell them "life is short, enjoy and eat it up" besides, they're missing out on some good food!decent prices, I'm coming baack for some more grub! :)
4	If you are looking for Hawaiian food.. this is da place.We had the saimin, Korean Chicken and Combo plate.  Feels like Hawaii or Gardena  lol!
5	large saimin, hamburger steak gravy all over and poki.....that is what we order everytime we come here.....just to have some hawaiian "comfort" food when you are away from home....gotta have rice & gravy
4	Aloha Specialties makes some of the best Hawaiian type food outside of Hawaii.  It could be because most of the customers come from Hawaii so they want to make it as authentic as possible.First off, when you go here, order the Korean Chicken.  It's a bit spicy but if you like the heat like I do then "you will love this.". The more people the merrier...so you can try some of your friends dishes as well, like their Local Plate that comes with Spam Musubi.  What is Spam Musubi?  Well, it's spam sushi-style.It's CASH ONLY here so bring some greenbacks with you.  It's located inside the California Hotel & Casino.  Parking is free for 4 hours after validation near the cashier cage.  Aloha Specialties is a great place to try out some Hawaiian cuisine if you've never had it before.  Enjoy!!!
4	I took the Deuce from the Strip to Downtown in search of some good Hawaiian food. Given the hour of misery I spent on the bus, there was a heightened expectation.Initially I went over to Market Street Cafe at California Hotel, but saw that they were busy. I noticed the sign for Aloha Specialties however, so I went upstairs to the 2nd floor of the California to try this place out.Aloha Specialties is a very casual place. There are a fair number of tables inside the restaurant with a few right outside on the mezzanine. The offerings here, all of which are cheap would be something you would find at the plate lunch places in Hawaii. Things like spam musubi, macaroni salad, saimin and meat plates.I tried the ahi poke ($4.95) which was on special, the flash rice bowl with chicken and beef ($3.25) and washed it down with some raspberry tea ($1.50). My order came out wiki (fast).The ahi poke portion is very generous. Big chunks of ahi with big pieces of onion and plenty of soy sauce. A very traditional version of this dish. This is salty, so make sure that if you order it that you get a side to counter this. Liked it well enough, though I am a fan of spicy and sweet versions of poke. The rice bowl was cheap and filling. Meats were tasty drenched with the sweet teriyaki sauce. It is reminiscent of the teriyaki you find around Seattle.If you are looking for a taste of Hawaii in Vegas, Aloha Specialties fits the bill. Good food and service with aloha.
4	dude wtf are they doing to the Mac salad??for real its like the creamiest mac salad Ive ever had, which coupled with the B health rating kinda makes me nauseous, but in a good "don't tell me, I don't wanna know, this sh*t is bomb" kinda way.Portions are big.Best items I tried were the terry chicken and the mac salad!One of the best terry chickens Ive had, and Ive had a lot TRUST.Hang loose braddah! I gotta life time ah knowledge
4	I really love the garlic chicken here.  I'm not sure how it gets its name since there really doesn't seem to be any garlic in it nor is it like any garlic chicken in Hawaii, but it is really tasty.  The breading is cripsy and the gravy is salty.
3	A tradition and must when we visit Vegas! Our 1st stop.  But, the CA hotel smells of cigarette smoke all over the place. Being an older hotel, must have an extremely poor ventilation system. It seems like there is no air that circulates. Only thing that recycles is cigarette smoke with cigarette smoke.  I feel like I have pure virgin lungs before stepping into the lobby. When I walk out, I feel like I have black lungs.Ono food though! :)Then Lappert's afterwards if there's room for more.
5	Flipping delicious best hangover food ever.  I used to work at L&L and I love this place more.
3	A little taste of home tucked away in the California Hotel. Good eats for a good price. I've been here once before a few years ago, and during our recent trip we wanted some good local food. This place definitely reminds me of home...and surprisingly its seems to be always packed with local people :) Their ahi poke was surprisingly really good! I'm always happy to find a place on the mainland that can make poke as good but never better than Hawaii. Mac salad and teri chicken a must have! The only complaint and HUGE disappointment was their take on sweet and sour spare ribs. It had a weird sauce, that kinda reminded me Chinese food--it was gooey and it just didn't taste right.
5	On of my favorite places to eat Hawaiian food!! It on 2nd floor of California Hotel! Korean Chicken is good! Also Aloha Bento, Aloha Breakfast, & a bunch of other ones!! Love eating here when I'm hungry for some grinds!! Opens @ 9am! I'm not to sure about the time it closes but you can call!! ONO GRINDS!! great service!!
5	This is my favorite place to eat at the Cal!  The poke was AMAZING.  It seriously tasted like the one I had in Hawaii.. A nd that's hard to compete with!! Other dishes that I really enjoyed:Loco Moco:  Egg, beef patty, and gravy over rice.  Really filling, and delicous.Ochazuke:  This is like a bunch of little sides served with rice and tea.  Saba, tofu, teriyaki chicken, and other stuff.  I was a nice combination.Eggs and rice: Simple and good.  Perfect breakfast.  You can order this with portuguese sausage, spam, or lunchmeat too.  Overall, the staff is nice, the food is good, the place is clean, its reasonable priced.. What more could you ask for?  If you're looking for some good, filling, Hawaiian food.. This is the place to be.
4	Great food, low-key atmosphere.  Not he place to take a date but the perfect place to hit up with a friend before walking over to Fremont Street to Zip line and people watch!We had the Wonton Saimin and a side of Teriyaki Chicken.  Very good and very filling.  We avoided the spam. :)
4	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Just.had a Loco Moco at Aloha Specialties, the eggs over easy was overdone. Hamburger was okay, just what I expected after having the Teri burger the other nite. They're Oyako was good.@ For a  Loco Moco or Hamburger Steak, go to Like Like Drive Inn on Oahu, Hawaii (located on Keeaumoku Street).Aloha Specialties' Teri Chicken is excellent. @Prices are very reasonable & employees are friendly & pleasant,
5	No trip to Vegas is complete without  a meal here!My little girls love getting a bowl of saimin, spam musubi, and 'sprunch' (sprite and fruit punch!) My fave is the Spicy Korean Chicken- not very spicy and doesn't taste very 'Korean', but REALLY good! You can't go wrong with a protugeuse sausage/eggs/rice breakfast here ever!!!Yes it's in the Cal (gasp!) DOWNTOWN... but we like to eat here before or after our stop @ the outlets on the way! It's a nice, relaxing break from the craziness of the strip, and it's fun sitting at the machines with all the Hawaiian 'aunties' and 'uncles' :)
3	Ate here for the first time and I was disappointed. There are all kinds of Local folks waiting in line, eating at the tables. The menu has lots to choose from. Went with the Loco Moco & Spam Musubi. The Loco Moco was good - hand-made patty, OK gravy & just enough rice. The slice of Spam was on the thin side.Friend had chicken/beef teri. The plate came out with a big empty spot. Why didn't they spread out the meat (well, not too much to begin with), rice or mac salad to fill the gaping hole? The meats are cooked with teri sauce on top. They're not marinated and then cooked. Why not a potato/mac salad? It was bland. After all the hype I had to try it out. I'll wait 'til I get home to get some local grinds.
3	The BF and I take his mom and grandma for lunch. The BF got teriyaki ribeye- the meat was thin sliced and pretty soft. It's thick style teriyaki sauce which I'm not sure if I'm fond of, but its true Hawaiian style. I got the garlic chicken with gravy- this was decent, but it was stingy with the gravy and my 3rd piece was a bit burnt on the bottom....burnt garlic flavor is no bueno. I was debating between this or the ocha zuke bento. The family all ordered a plate, but we shared so I picked the more "family friendly" dish since the inlaws dont like fish.  BF and I shared a ahi poke- It was okay. The cut of the fish isn't very uniform with small pieces being really marinated and some pieces being 4x it's size. They give you a good amount for the $4.95, but it's better to go to a poke deli if what you're wanting is good poke and thinking of coming here for it.Mom got korean chicken- the BF and I loved this dish at Ross J's and hearing the two are associated by owners, we thought this would be a way to let her try it. It was good, but not nearly as good as Ross J's. They make the skin there crispy a bit so it's not nearly as fatty feeling with the skin. Grandma got chopped beef steak- this was pretty good stir fry with beef, bean sprouts, bell peppers, onions. She enjoyed it, but she took a piece of the korean chicken and liked it better. Each plate was about $8 so 4 plates, poke, and 4 drinks came up to $45ish so it was okay pricing, but I've had cheaper for better. Now, parking at the California is a plain fucking bitch. There's always a lack of space for the amount of people going here. We had to find parking elsewhere and wheelchair his grandma over on the street. They are pretty good about taking orders at a good pace so if you see a long line, it'll probably be about 10-15 minutes. Being a place with a line, a positive rating and a place associated to Ross J's (which we do really like), I was expecting a lot of ono. Not that it's a no-no, but it's just good food, not great food. It's not what I would say is worth the trouble and the wait . In the time it took us to find parking we could've gone to Henderson and took the family on a lil mini trip. Next time, we're gonna make the drive to Ross J's for the craving and skip this place. The Aloha I was looking for isn't this.
4	damn this place is in a hotel? this spot needs their own location on the strip somewhere and they'll def get good business esp at those prices! the loco moco i had was really good and it was sooooo much food for $6. i was tempted to get the tuna too but damn that was so much food. def a clean and nice place to grab lunch on a hot day in vegas. keep it up!
5	HO BRAH!being born and raised in HAWAI'I, coming to Las Vegas and shooting some craps at the California hotel and casino is like cruising on vacation with all of my dads older homies.all the local heads in the California makes las vegas seem a little less of a vacation and more of a family gathering.dope how all the casino attendants are wearing aloha shirts!'aloha served here!' poster on the front doorsso roots! aloha specialties restaurant upstairs? gotta kau kau if can..LOCAL prices, quality LOCAL eats, LOCAL serving sizes, and LOCAL people.. what more can you ask for? loco moco, saimin, spam musubis, fruit punch, ahi poke?! say whaaat? this is the ONE spot in vegas, i'll continue coming back to grind everytime i'm in this party land!
5	I come here everytime I'm in vegas!I love saimin and this place has a great kimchi saimin bowl!  The portions are awesome.  My hubby and I each get our own bowls.  He also likes the spam masubi.  Better yet, the prices are totally reasonable.
4	Even though we had meal vouchers, I decided to spring for lunch and treat my family after winning a few on the $.25 machines. I kept reading about this place on yelp and wanted to try it on this past trip.I had the Korean fried chicken plate. It was like BBQ chicken with a Korean twist. They give 3 thighs and it was tasty. The skin was crunchy too. The mac salad, however, wasn't so great. It was too mayonnaise-y and tasted like mayonnaise is all they put in it, no other seasonings. I should have stayed with the Korean theme and ordered a side of kim chee instead. My parents ordered saimin and I had a taste of the noodles. They tasted freshly made and the portions are huge! It costs extra to add on wonton and vegetables. I was afraid to, but I went off on a limb and also ordered the ahi poke. I live in Waipahu,HI and compare poke to Tanioka's so, especially on the mainland, I am afraid to try raw fish. I do not like frozen fish and hate getting upset stomachs. To my surprise the ahi was fresh! I do not like limu too much but there wasn't too much of it. The only thing I didn't like about the poke were the huge cubes. They could have cut them a little smaller and it could have soaked up more flavor from the shoyu, onions, etc. The onion slices are large, too. It was pretty good besides that. While we were eating, I saw an order of musubis come out and could tell they are made to order; the nori was still crunchy looking (just how I like it)  instead of wet from the rice and moisture. Although it is not advertised, they offer free refills on the beverages. You just have to bring your cup to the counter. Also, they have take out boxes and bowls already out along with complimentary water and foil so you don't have to ask. Overall, everything we had was delicious and I will be back to try other things next time.
4	Tired of the over priced buffets?  Go to Aloha Specialties for Good Hawaiian food at old school vegas prices.  I will always hit this spot more then a few times while in Vegas.
5	I absolutely love this place!! I've been coming here for the past couple of years now and I can never say no to korean chicken. It's located upstairs in California Hotel. Another great thing about it being in California Hotel, if they're closed, you can always go downstairs to the cafe for some late night oxtail soup! Mmmmm. But anyway about Aloha Specialities, it does suck that they take cash only but I'm always prepared before I come there. And sometimes during lunch, the line is ridiculously long, I hate waiting! Though it's a small little place everyone always fills this place up. So my favorite dish is the Korean Chicken, it has the perfect kick of spicy and the perfect crunch of crunchy!! Melts in your mouth and not only that but some mac salad on the side. I also like getting the Beef Chop Steak, it has lots of veggies when I feel like having a dose of veggies. Boyfriend likes the Chicken Curry, and damn is it good, nice and creamy with some rice mixed in! The portions are so big, I can't finish my whole plate, I end up eating all the chicken and leave out the rice. I only wish they were open a little bit later!! But overall my fav place for hawaiian food. ! : )
4	If you like Hawaiian grub, this is the place to eat at - Its in the upper level of the California Hotel & Casino. We used to hit this place up all the time when we came to Vegas. We were in town last weekend and decided to come here for some breakfast. I ordered my usual Loco Moco - a bed a rice, 2 hamburger pattys, 2 eggs over easy and gravy all over. Good stuff - if you're in downtown go check this place out
5	Move over Bellagio Buffet, Wynn Buffet, Mesa Grill, any other place in Las Vegas.This is the place you want to eat at. Dealer : "Are you guys here for the family reunion?" We weren't, and initially had no idea what she was talking about, but thinking about it, that's exactly what this place is, a huge family reunion.  Now, i'm not Japanese or Hawaiian, but i sure felt like I was home....Ohana...Um anyways, the food at the Aloha Specialties restaurant was delicious! It was such a nice change of pace to be off the strip, the vibe was chill, prices weren't inflated; it was just nice to get away from all the lights, loud music, crazy people.  To just sit down and finally eat a meal that wasn't $35 and that was cooked to order, hot and homestyle. My friends ordered the Loco Moco which was awesome, nice char on the hamburger patties and the sauce didn't taste like normal generic loco moco sauce. I had the spam and shortribs which was also equally awesome. Everything was under $10 and i wanted to order the whole menu.  This was no frills, straight good Hawaiian food, with large portions. I've never been to downtown Vegas, let alone the California Casino, but i know the California and Aloha Specialties will definitely be on top of the to-do list every time we're back.Oh, and i won $200 dollars here, which almost felt better than my lunch at Aloha Specialties.
5	This is a must do. We stopped in for a bite and were completely blown away with the food. Large portions at reasonable prices and totally delicious! Just do it!
4	Aloha Specialties is located on the second floor of the California Hotel and Casino on Fremont. This is the place to eat if you're from Hawaii and missing some good local food like we were. Haha. The prices are pretty decent. I think I paid a little over $10 for a kalua pig plate (complete with rice and mac salad) and a musubi. It was super filling and I couldn't even finish half my food. I guess it's good that not everyone ordered food then. I just didn't understand why the line moved so slowly when all you do in line is order and pay for your food. They give you a number and deliver the food to your table. There's always a long line. There was a line throughout the time we were in line and eating.
5	This is located on the 2nd floor of THE CAL! Above Market Street Cafe. My family & I come here to eat Large Saimen :)Saimen is bomb[d0t]com.! *(Yeah, I say that a lot in my reviews). I mean, it's just noodles & soup, but so good.! I haven't eaten any other of the food items since I was small, just the saimen. All I can say it's GOOOOD.!
4	I've always wanted to try this place, but we always got to the Cal too late. This time we came early enough and saw the reasonably priced menu and we decided to eat there.I did want the mahi mahi, but unfortunately it was sold out. They did have poke which I love and for $5 how can you go wrong? I knew that wouldn't be enough food, so I got a teri burger for only $3.50! It was pretty good sized and tasty for that amount. The poke wasn't the best I've had, but for the price it was good. My wife ordered the small saimen w/ wontons and she thought it was great. It was a good portion for the price and I tasted the broth which was good. This is a place I would definitely visit again. For the prices and the selection, it's probably better than the cafe downstairs. Sure, you can't get a $4 steak dinner after 11 PM, but overall the food is better.
4	Whenever we are in Vegas, this place is a must. It's located in the California hotel and casino in Fremont street. They have the best saimin ever. We ordered the local plate as well as the musubis. Yum! Try it and you won't be disappointed.
4	No doubt, this place is definitely poppin'.  I've gone to this place a few times now, and every single time, line is out the door.  Is it worth the wait?  Well that would a for sure "Yes!", but I guess you can be the judge of that.This last trip to Vegas, I actually had it twice.  One time my friends went and brought the food back to the hotel room.  The other was a dine-in experience.  This review will be based on the dine-in experience considering those are the kinds that actually really matter.As mentioned before, line was out the door.  They did get a star docked for not making the line move faster.  I was hungry, and just the smell of the food was making my tummy do a little grumble mumble.Finally ordered and got the Loco Moco and Spam Masubi.  Girl like me loves my spam masubi.  Spam + Seaweed + Rice = YUM.  The Loco Moco was good too.  Two runny eggs, hamburger patty, and gravy, all over a bed of rice?  Can't really go wrong with that!  And who doesn't like using their egg yoke for sauce for their rice?  Or maybe that's just a filipino thing!  I also tried the soup off my friend's saimin.  The small order looks like a large, and could probably feed 2-3 people (at least, people who eat like me).  The broth was delicious, and I honestly would consider seeing if I can just order the broth next time!Note to all first timers, Cash only!  Yeah, any place that doesn't accept card is a disadvantage, but the food is just too good to pass up.  Not to mention, the prices aren't too bad either!
4	I've been going to this place since the days of the first Street Fighter II and before they expanded the restaurant. 11:00am  misses the lunch rush. There is barely a line, but steady.I pretty much still get the same order. You cannot go wrong with the teri chicken bowl, kim chi, and fruit punch. Their poke is fantastic and they give you a lot of it. The orders come to the table quick style. HIGH FIVE!!!I always leave this place with the itus. Thank you Aloha Specialties for ALWAYS coming through.
4	This totally reminds me of being back home in Hawaii!  They even have fruit punch!  Prices are pretty cheap, and the servings are HUGE!!!  They have tons of local favorites.  They even have furikake...you just have to ask.  They give 1 free refill per drink order.  my group has ordered the loco moco, spam eggs rice, garlic chicken with gravy, korean combo (chicken & beef), spam musubi, fruit punch...all DELISH!  The only thing that wasn't all that was the beef in the korean combo.  It was a little on the tough side.  the mac salad is so good!!!This place is cash only.  Don't forget to tip the servers.  Be prepared to be surrounded by all local folks.  Highchairs are a little on the dirty side.  Take-out supplies are conveniently located near the tables for self-service.  =)  I always come here every time I'm in LV.
4	THAT WAS A GOOD FOOD DAD!!!Yells my 4 year old boyLittle dude ate a gripRight after he finished his foodFunniest shit everHe yells outMOM I GOTTA POO!!!HaCrazy fuckerI crave this spot every time I'm in Vegas Always get the spam and eggsAnd a small saiminThat's alot of foodBut I always manage to get it all downEven if my boy is yellin bout takin a shitFood is greatBut his mom lost her appetite She had to wipe his ass
4	The four stars is for the hamburger steak!  They make a homemade patty, and it rivals the best stuff you would find in Hawaii.  The rest of the menu can be hit or miss, but if you like Hamburger steak, like I do this is the spot!  Don't forget to order a side of kim chee, and one Large fruit punch!  Chee Hooooo!
4	The funniest thing...we left Hawaii to go to Vegas, but still found a way to eat local grinds. The food was simply delicious here! Better than a lot of places in Hawaii...hands down! *Korean Beef and Korean Chicken Combo ~ Bombtastic! Ask for side korean sauce. A little sweet, a little spicy, but a perfect complement to your meal. Kim chee and mac salad was onolicious!*Ahi Poke ~ fresh, cold, tasty! Even comes with ogo, too! Loved it!*Loco Moco ~ onos!On our last day in Vegas, we hit up Aloha Specialties again. The line was crazy long (20 deep). I decided to google their phone number and made a take out order while standing in line. Our take out was done within 15 minutes. We got to enjoy our food while people were still waiting in line. *TIP* Order take out if the line is too long :)
4	Hawaiian food is always good here.  A lot of the locals come here.They have a great menu and there is always something for someone.  Food was good like usual!It is cash only so don't forget to bring your cash.
5	My wife and I were in Vegas for a few nights and staying at the Golden Nugget.  We love Aloha Specialties.  When we stay on the strip we make sure to make a trip downtown to eat here at least once during our trips.  Well we were staying a block away this time and ate there twice in two days.  Both of us had the wonton men (saimin with wontons).  I have to say it's the closest thing to being in Hawaii.  The food is so ono.  I also had the poke which the tuna was cut into larger than normal chunks but still good flavor.A must stop when in Vegas.  It's cheap and better than any of the 5 star restaurants.
4	I worked downstairs  at "The Market Street Cafe" during the graveyard shift. I was not aware of this place in the begining. As time went on, former islanders would talk about this place and that the food was great. So as a skeptic, I went on my day off. I was in for a surprise! Not only is the food great...but their portions are generous! I really recommend the Korean Beef and Korean chicken combo! I watch the servers pass with the bowls of saimin, yet my friends tell me that "it's the REGULAR" then I see a much larger bowl..."THATS the LARGE!" All in all, I recommend "Aloha Specialties"
4	Everytime I come to Vegas I stop by for the Poki. It's not as great as my dad makes it (he uses more Ogo and special stuff,  comes out more salty), but its pretty good, and at [now] $5.99 for what can be deceivingly feels like a lb, you'll only need this for a quick satisfying snack - or pair with a spam musubi and you're good.Good for eat in, or to go, best way to grab food between the $2 tables at The Cal or the best Crap odds at Mainstreet!
5	This is the first place I ever tried Hawaiian food. It was summer 1997. I worked at Circus Circus. My friends kept talking about this restaurant until I finally got to try it for myself. There was always a long line. And for good reason.Fast forward to 2011. Hawaiian food can be had pretty much everywhere in the valley. But I'll always have a special place in my stomach for Aloha Specialties. I'm not sure if it's the absolute best in town, but they get the nostalgia star bump.Rest assured. I'm not reviewing based on memory from a decade ago. I went back to Aloha Specialties about a week ago. I scanned the menu board and quickly decided on the tripe stew. I do love me some tripe stew, or pretty much tripe anything.I was supremely happy when it came out and lived up to expectations. It confirmed that Aloha Specialties still ranks up there with the best in town. The stew was solidly on par with my other favorite place, Ross J's Aloha Grill. It makes sense because people keep telling me there's some sort of connection there.One thing that strangely impressed me was the mac salad. I've gotten to a point where I don't eat the mac salad at most Hawaiian places or I'll substitute it for more rice (something that Ohana Hawaiian BBQ offers). The mac salad at Aloha Specialties was actually quite good--just the right balance of mayo and other ingredients.Great. Now I'm hungry.
3	I think this restaurant would do good in one of the older hotel casinos on the strip.  Unfortunately, its stuck in some POS hotel called California.  Ambiance is pretty dreadful here.  The service is like a fast food restaurant, order at the cashier and your food is brought to you. The loco moco is decent and a good portion.   The mac side salad is nasty - super heavy on the mayo and salt, gross!!  They run out of poke pretty early so come in early!.  I was pretty bummed they ran out around 6pm.
5	Oh damn. Talk about legit ono local kine grindz! My aunty insisted we go here when we met up in Vegas and boy, am I happy she did!The selection here is winnaz and the food itself is good enough to compete with my favorite plate lunch places back home. Expect a line when you arrive though! Especially if the cashier is talking story with co-worker or a customer.The smaller wonton min portion is HUGE and the mac salad is delicious. You will definitely eat well and leave with a nice food baby. Definitely coming here again next time I'm in vegas.
3	Scratchy throat and watery eyed from all the heavy and poorly ventilated cigarette smoke in this loose-slot/low buy-in casino is worth a stop here for some Ono grindz.Our most recent visit left me with less to be desired. Surprised since I usually leave pretty pleased with my meal. Granted the prices have gone up a bit since my last stop but in honesty who's hasn't? As for the food this round, the Saimin wasn't that outstanding and was too heavily fishy and salty for my taste. The noodles were great but the musubi more than made up for it. And hey, my husband enjoyed his loco moco and I certainly can't hate a place that serves spam and rice.
5	Holy deliciousness!  I don't even know the name of what I ordered, but it was stellar.  And cheap!  It had a piece of steak, a piece of chicken, a fish cake, and a hot dog. Yes, a hot dog, but the way it was cooked reminded me of the Asian way to cook pork.  It had that very red tinge to it.  It was salty and tasty!  The bed of rice it was all served on was sticky and satisfying.  Ask for the special korean sauce.  It is spicy and sweet.  Went well with everything on my plate.While eating, I couldn't help but look around at everyone else's plates in the restaurant and want to try it all.  Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Found at California Hotel in Fremont, is a little taste of Hawaii. Our friends recommended this place to us and we turned down a chance to go with  for I don't remember what reason. Bad choice on our part. When we arrived, the line was practically out the door. We thought we'd have to wait an hour but the line went quickly. Soooo much food for a decent price. I ordered the Kalua Pork & Cabbage and shared a bowl of Poke. OMG they were both delicious. I was only able to finish half my plate. I was a tiny bit disappointed on the dessert choices available. I was hoping (and craving) to see Chantilly, Haupia (coconut) and Hawaiian Rainbow cakes. I'll overlook this minor problem go, other than that, I'll definitely be back again.
5	I'm surprised there aren't more reviews for this place!  I have been coming to Aloha Specialties since I was a kid.  My dad was born in Hawaii so we are always on the hunt for some good local food.  Aloha Specialties is one of the must eats when my family or bf comes to Vegas.  I usually get the Garlic Chicken and Ahi Poke (when they have it).  The garlic chicken is a pretty hefty plate with three breaded and fried chicken thighs slathered with brown gravy.  I love anything with brown gravy and I like my dark meat.  Like I said, a heavy meal... take a nap after eating this.  The ahi poke is on the specials list and isn't always there.  If you see it you should get it!  Large hunks of fresh tuna and onion soaked in sesame oil and soy sauce goes great with a bowl of plain white rice.  Better than sushi!  It is always a bummer when they run out or don't have any poke.  My brother is a big fan of their Loco Moco.  Too much hamburger meat for me but he loves it.  I usually get a fruit punch to wash it all down and complete my local style lunch or dinner.The hours are kinda limited for a Vegas eatery... they close at 9pm or 10pm.  Be safe and come for a yummy lunch.  If you are still on the prowl for some good local food in the wee hours after dancing your butt off at a club, I would head downstairs to the 24 hour Market Street Cafe for some dang good Oxtail soup.  The Cal has it all!  Lotsa good food for a great price.  If you have relatives from Hawaii like I do, you may run into them gambling the slots downstairs.  Say hi to Auntie for me!
3	When you're craving some local food Aloha Specialties has got it. It'll satisfy your cravings. Quick warning, they close 9p on weekdays and 10p on weekends. But they closed early on Christmas eve and didnt put a sign up. Sadface.
3	Service here could be better but since I really enjoy their food I can't complain much. I've tried pretty much everything, every time I visit my Aunty here in Vegas from Cali. I think it's so funny that people travel from Hawaii only to come and eat here on their vacay. The lines can get pretty long. And customers sometime sit down on a table without a number. I really like their saimin, bento plates and spare ribs. Sometimes the ahi poki can get a pit chewy. I can never go wrong with their spam musubi.
4	You can't go wrong with a true Hawaiian restaurant inside of the only hotel in Las Vegas that caters to the Hawaiian customer.  If anyone knows anything about Sam Boyd and his love for Hawaiian then you will appreciate and understand why this hotel would have some of the best local Hawaiian food in Las Vegas.I have never been disappointed eating here, maybe the only thing that bothers me is they don't accept credit cards, CASH only.  It is located on the second floor of the California hotel and casino in downtown Las Vegas just a block from Fremont Street.  If you are in downtown and want some good Hawaiian food then please give this place a try and you won't be disappointed.Some of my favorites include Spam Musubi, Kalua Pork, Saimin, Beef Teriyaki bowl, and the Mahi Mahi Sandwhich; along with daily specials you can'it go wrong.Aloha.
4	This is the best place in town to get authentic Hawaiian food!! I have never been disappointed with the food and the service is great too. The ladies that work there want to be sure you're happy and comfortable. The kahlua pork & cabbage is by far my favorite dish. If I lived closer to the California Hotel, I'd probably eat here a lot more. I love it!
5	FREAKING YUM!!! There is usually a huge line, and for a good reason. The food is fantastic, and the prices unbelievable. The portions are ginormous. I have never left here hungry. It is one of those places that you have to unbutton your pants if you eat your whole plate without taking any home to-go. I usually order chicken chop steak. Every time it is super fresh! The bean sprouts nice and crisp along with the fresh celery. It tastes like good home cooking. A great portion of meat as well, they definitely don't skimp.  The rice is always spot-on and mac salad to die for! It's like there is some secret ingredient that makes me always want more even after I am stuffed! The bf got bento plate last visit. We have never ordered anything that we turned out NOT to like! Of course as a staple to our meal was the kimchi. MMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!! A small bowl that seemed to never end. It is delish above the rice as well. Pickled goodness! I almost feel like this place severely under-charges for the amount and quality of the food. I would gladly pay more. The staff is friendly as well and always helpful if you have any questions or prefer sriracha sauce instead of what is already on the table. The restaurant is always clean, even though they are so busy.
5	We always eat here where in Vegas the food is good and the price is excellent .we always order the aloha vento the best plate.
4	If you're from Hawaii and visiting Vegas, you will definitely LOVE this place!! Once I tried this place for the first time, I had to beg my boyfriend to keep coming back to eat. Definitely makes you feel at home. Their garlic chicken and fried saimin were delicious! The staff were also very friendly. Who knew you could eat such good local Hawaii food in another state?!
3	This place has to be an anomaly.  Big portions, cheap prices, casino location and NOT rancid???!? Whuuu??I am a fan of ASR.  I love Hawaiian food and this place serves a lot of it.  During my last visit, I ordered the Aloha Bento that came with mahi mahi, korean chicken, teriyaki beef, like, 4 cups of rice, and fish cake.  I promptly had a heart attack due to the massive heaps of fried goodness.*  But, it was worth it.  I also checked out some boiled peanuts, but, they were a little crunchy.  I like 'em soft, southern style.I would give them four stars but I find the atmosphere a little lacking.  I like the relaxed, casual vibe but the usual crumbs on my table, and the pile of child seats on the floor, detracts from the experience.  Also, this place is CASH ONLY which makes me a little sad.* Note:  Total lie.  Figurative heart attack.
4	One of the girls I went with on this latest Vegas trip said that her family goes here all the time when they go to Vegas, and that other Japanese American families and Hawaiian fams hit this place up too. Worth a shot!Located upstairs at the California Hotel, it's this cute restaurant, filled with old school tropical themed wallpaper and decor. The service was really polite, and the food? BOMB.You get alot of food for your money, always a great deal in Vegas, right? I got the Local plate with beef, chicken, this really good sauce, and two spam musubis for about 8 bucks. So filling, and amazingly flavorful. Nothing's too greasy, just ridiculously filling. My friend got the chicken bowl for just 4 dollars and came with about the same amount of food, so that could be even more worth it! But I personally want my spam musubi. Even got another to go! They have a very convenient station with all the to go boxes and foil for your musubi, I think it's a great idea!Keep in mind it is CASH ONLY. But Luckily, the Casino is right downstairs :)
4	After spending three days partying our faces off on the strip we were mighty homesick on our last day in Vegas. I heard from my best travel buddy Yelp that there was Hawaiian food in the California Hotel, for anyone not from Hawaii, Vegas is the 9th island and the California is the capital.  I was hoping for a full Hawaiian plate, unfortunately they didn't have that special, but they did have POKE, and it was good! The food was yummy, the rice was cooked right (a must), and the portions were gigantic.  I really loved hearing everyone talking pidgin and wearing slippers, it made the last half of my trip and the freezing weather more bearable since I got a taste of home.
4	During a recent one night stay on Fremont St., the Hubs and I ventured into Aloha Specialties for a bite to eat last Saturday night.  Found the place on yelp (of course), and boy am I glad we did.  This was the first stop to five days worth of eating adventures in Vegas and it was an excellent start!We shared the kahlua pork and cabbage plate and the aloha special.  Talk about an AMAZING feast.  We've had Hawaiian food a couple times, but nothing as tasty as this place.  We of course left so full it was hard to work (as other reviews note).  I found the kahlua pork to be tender and flavorful - I especially enjoyed when I got a perfect bite containing pork, cabbage, some rice and mac salad... YUM!  My Husband and I really loved the Korean chicken and we loved that is was pretty spicy, but also sweet.  The hot dog, which came on the aloha special was so unique and tasty, he practically inhaled it.All in all, an excellent find.  If we're downtown again, which I know we will be, we will surely hit up the Aloha Specialties Restaurant- and you should too!
4	This place is doap. Sm Saimin is big enuf for this tall drink of water, and the aloha special (spam, sausage and more sausage, with two eggs and rice) is 6.50 and is pretty good. I mean, its hard to screw that up. But yeah basically, this little gem is tucked away above the diner that serves oxtail soup, so most miss it. But its nice. Not amazing but better than most.
1	I strolled in here because we were close by. First off, there was a Looooooooong line. We figured the food was good. We were really hungry so we stayed in line. It took forever to get to the front of the line. It also states that people should not sit until they have paid. Obviously, people do not follow this rule and the business does not enforce it. The topping to the cake was when I finally got to the front of the line and the cashier ignored me. Did not even bother to acknowledge me. A nice "I will be with you in a moment" would have been appreciated. Finally after refunding someone's money and ignoring me she finally took my order. As I gave her my CREDIT CARD she points to this TINY sign that read "CASH ONLY". I got sooooooooo pissed because it did not have this sign at the entrance.Waste of my time! If you don't mind poor customer service, long lines, and people to tell you "only cash" once you've waited for a million years, then this is the place for you! Otherwise, go somewhere else. I highly encourage people to go elsewhere!
3	This place is alright! Nothing to call home about, really! The location couldnt be better as every hawaii family knows when they stay at the Cal you can eat Hawaiian food just as you just left Hawaii and have all the same choices you would have in hawaii! Its hawaii food all over again!
1	I came here expecting this is a 4-yelp star restaurant and I can tell you this is an overrated restaurant.This place is a mom-and-pop and hole-in-the-wall restaurant in California Hotel. I know a lots of Japanese live in Hawaii but  a place selling Teriyaki should not be named Aloha Specialties and should not be categorized as a Hawaiian cuisine.  I ordered Teriyaki Combo Plate. It comes with three types of meat: beef, chicken, and pork on a big plate of white rice and macaroni salad.First of all, teriyaki sauce used here is a very generic teriyaki sauce you can find in a grocery. I think Yoshida's Teriyaki sauce from Costco is more fancy than the teriyaki sauce use in this restaurant.Beef Teriyaki was a thin slide of a cheap steak and it was tough. I spent more time on cutting it and chewing it than enjoying it. Chicken Teriyaki was odd. It definitely has a big slice of chicken breast but it had small pieces and breaded together. The breaded cover was loose and thick. Pork piece was actually descent. It had a big chunk of fat with it. It's bad for the health but it was delicious. Definitely this place is overrated and someone has to bring down the score to where it belongs to. This restaurant serves in large amount of food but in less quality. Also they are cash only.
1	Saimin was flavorless. Korean chicken was pretty good. So were the musubis.  Good service. But try hawaiian hale. It's better.
2	Over hyped, food doesn't have that much taste, but it is a long wait!
4	After having a horrible meal in the Market Street Cafe, we left the food on the table and went to Aloha Specialties to get some better food.  I had the sweet and sour ribs.  Their mac salad was good.  Way better than Market Street.  The sauce didn't have that much sour to it.  It was mostly sweet.  The ribs were pressure cooked tender,so that was good.  I would probably only give this 3 stars, but after a 0 star meal downstairs, I think anything would be a four star meal.
5	Taste jus like hm but far frm hm... I love it! cheap and gives a lot of food! gotta love it
4	Been coming here since I was a kid and the food has gone down a little in taste but I still love this place for the nostalgia.  I highly recommend the saimin (don't forget to get the hot mustard) and any of the teriyaki plates.  Of an important note, this place only takes cash and the lines can be long and seats are sometimes limited.  However, if you're looking for some good Hawaiian comfort food, you gotta come here.
3	After reading an article about the California Hotel in a local Vegas paper, I was curious to check it out.  I never knew this was the go to hotel for people from Hawaii. I was even more curious to check out the Hawaiian food.  The restaurant is located on the second floor.  It is not a fancy restaurant.  You stand in line, place your order and they give you a number and they bring your food to you.  The prices are cheap considering that it is getting harder to find a good bargin meal in Vegas.  Once again, my eyes were bigger than my stomach, which means I order a bunch of things to try, knowing that I couldn't eat everything.  I had the kahlua pork combo that came with rice, macaroni salad.  I also ordered the saimin soup and nibbled on my mister's aloha bento that that came with fish, teriyaki chicken, bbq short ribs, and portugese sausage.  For dessert we had haupia.  My kahlua pork was tasty, maybe even better than King's, but the rest of the stuff was just all right.  The haupia was just coconut flavored agar-agar, kinda like jello.  Nothing special.  Overall, it was good to try, but it's nothing that I would be dying to try again.  I would rather stick to King's Hawaiian in Torrance.
4	If you like local Hawaiian food, this is the place to go. Comfort food for islanders and islanders-at-heart.
2	it's alright. decent price, no wait. and service is fast. i only had a spam musubi for $2. it helped ease my growling stomach. I had a few bites of the kalua pork -- it was okay.. i wish the cabbage and the pork were more shredded. And it was too watery. I like it a bit more dry. The rice that came with was not hot and was not soft either. It tasted like day old rice. -- no bueno.on another note this place definitely satisfies your hungry stomach.
2	I had lunch today at this joint with family... My sis-in law, big fan of this place and makes it a point to stop here when she is in town...  The place is not very big at all but the line was out the door...  I ordered the mixed plate.. I thought it was ok,,, it included a beef, chicken and some fish... The beef though in sauce did not have much taste,,, the chicken was good, i liked it.. tender and moist, it was de-boned thigh,, the fish was ehh,,, rather had extra chicken.. The portion was large, too large for me to finish...  I will try the Mami or Udon noodles next time....  I hesitantly recommend this place... I would eat here again but i wont make a special trip....  Hope this helps
5	Sooooo good. Everytime I come to Vegas I have to stop by Hotel Cali at least once. Hits the spot everytime. Good ol hawaiian food, very homestyle. love it.
4	White meat chicken eaters..stay away! Lol...I'm a dark meat lover...so this spot is definitely for me since all their chicken dishes are made with chicken thighs.  My all time favorite dish here is the Korean chicken..which is similar to bbq chicken but it has a spicy kick.  The prices are very cheap, around $7 for a very large plate of food.  The only dish that seemed to be a little lackluster was the loco moco.  It looked good, but the flavor didn't quite match the look of the dish.  I don't know if I'd venture all the way to Fremont just to eat here, but this place is 2nd on my list of favorite Hawaiian restaurants after Island Flavor.
4	Wait i can't believe i didn't write a review for this place since i always eat here everytime i visit Vegas. Good Hawaiian local flavor food here although i will admit ever since they remodeled way back when when they connected the bridge from California Hotel and Main Street Hotel the food quality went down a bit it but still enjoy it. My favorite is the breakfast eggs,rice and Portuguese sausage then the saimin and spam musubi and then the bento box. This place can get really packed around the lunch and dinner time sometimes the line goes out the door best bet is to go off normal lunch and dinner hours regular or Hawaiian time lol.
5	This is my most favorite Hawaiian restaurant. This is located inside the california hotel second floor. If you are a fond of hawaiian food, this is a must try. The meats are all fresh everything is very good! I would suggest ordering the Teriyaki Plate, very good along with their Mac salad. It is a bit pricey but well worth it, portions are pretty big as well. Try now! you will not be disappointed.
3	WHOA!  The familiar sound of Las Vegas is here!  CLINK CLINK CLINK!  A bunch of quarters hitting the bottom of the Slot Machines!!!!  Now back to the review, we waited in a long line and it took a while for us to get our food because of how busy they were.  No worries, patience for this sought out Hawaiian food.  So I got the loco moco and I must say that I think I liked it more because I was starving.  I now think about it and can say that is was just alright, flavors were there but nothing spectacular.  I've definitely had better.  I guess it's just one of those spots you gotta try at least once and then make your decision to try all the other restaurants in Las Vegas before coming back.  Smell you later.
5	Hidden gem, in what could be considered a very sketchy area for good food - felt like I was eating in Maui with the locals.
2	I had high expectations after reading some reviews, but this place didn't live up to the hype. I had the chicken dinner. It was a lot of food, but the quality was horrible. My chicken was 50% skin and fat. If you are looking for a moderately healthy or don't-want-to-give-yourself-an-immediate-heart-attack-dinner go elsewhere. I think the deep fried oreo down the street is better for you.
5	Love the Kahlua Pig and Loco Moco. They have the best Hawaiian food around.  Haven't been to many better places on the mainland. I always make sure to stop by Aloha Specialties when i'm in vegas.
4	If you are on a low-carb diet you can order the saiman without noodles and with veggies instead. I think I was charged around ~$4. They gave me bean sprouts and napa. Also still had the roast pork with it. Still a decent serving size and was pretty filling.
4	I always make sure a trip to Vegas includes going downtown so I could walk down memory lane and eat some Hawaiian comfort food.  Aloha Specialties is no fine dining, but I always come back.  I've had the occasional loco moco and poki, but I always order the won ton saimin with veggies.  Having a little container of hot yellow mustard reminds me of childhood eating.  Note to self-get a small.  I ordered a large and had way too many noodles. Oh-traveling tip for you.  Go to Aloha Specialties right before you head to the airport to go home.  Get yourself a few Spam musabi to snack on while you wait at the airport.
5	A Hawaiian friend who frequents Las Vegas recommended Aloha Specialties to me as the best place to get Hawaiian food.  So, I dutifully wandered in for dinner one night on my last Vegas vacation.My wife ordered the Loco Moco, while I got one of the mixed plates.  When our dishes was served, I couldn't believe how much food was on the plate and for the prices we paid!  We stuffed ourselves full, but couldn't finish off everything.The Loco Moco was very tasty, according to my wife.  And my plate, with the beef teriyaki, spam musubi and grilled fish, was wonderful.  My favorite was the fish, though the spam and beef were good, too.  For Vegas, the prices were very reasonable, especially since there was so much food.  If you come here, bring cash (no credit cards accepted) and a healthy appetite!
5	I love this place!!!
5	Hungover from the night before and wanting to explore the Old Fremont Experience for the nth time, I had the strongest craving for a Loco Moco.  And thankfully, I found this gem.  It's located in the California Hotel & Casino 2nd Floor. It looks like an old-school Hawaiian diner. They have noodles, teriyaki chicken and of course, Loco Moco.  It completely satisfied my craving, I even asked for an extra cup of gravy to douse my rice in.  I'm surprised I didn't gain any weight from this most recent Vegas trip.  But I have Aloha Specialties Restaurant to thank for my cured hangover.
4	Alright so this place is like food to my soul. We always end up coming here when we go to vegas. After loosing all my money getting a beef bowl for less than 5 bucks is amazing. It feels like your in hawaii for a brief moment. If you want solid hawaiian food for a good price, this is a great spot.
4	Aloooha!Alright back to writing reviews from our roadtrip.  I think all the reviews hit the mark with this restaurant...esp if you're a local from the HI....it's no Zippy's but when in Vegas, will take it.Staying in the California Hotel aka the 9th island, it was great having a place like this to go to especially if you've been on the mainland for quite some time. Got myself a spam musubi and the aloha bento special...definitely not a place to go to if you're on a diet...was laden with fat, sodium and grease like any good ole spam can and made with aloha.Just remember, this place is technically separate and independent functioning from the hotel so CASH ONLY...no DEBIT, no CREDIT, and you can't charge to your room..it was also super hard finding an ATM around the hotel and the only one I could find is the one downstairs between the main lobby and the entrance to the casinos.
4	HUGE portions! And, it's cheap. If you're craving Hawaiian food in Vegas this is the place to go. Everything is cooked to serve and it tastes a lot more homey or should I say "authentic?" compared to L&L and/or ONO.
4	This place gives either huge or a lot of food. So worth the bucks and the wait in line. What most people say, "where the cops are, you know its good food". Well, surely this place is where they go. My bf introduced me to this place and said it's the only place he knows of NOW that serves  teriyaki chicken with the skin on it. The fat on the skin is what makes teriyaki chicken sooo good. I'm not usually a musubi fan, so we ordered one  to share. Turned out I ended up eating 3/4ths of it and my bf wasn't too happy that I ate all of his masubi. Can't wait to come back to Vegas for more teriyaki chicken and musubi's!!
5	Great place for hungover the next day.  They have the best saimon, and loco moco.  When the Cafe downstairs is to busy come up stairs and eat here for the same price.  Portions are a little larger, and food is fresh.  It's very similar to leki-leki drive in on Oahu, or Big Island Grill on Hawaii.  Prices are also around $8-$10 entree's so its very well priced and excellent service.
4	This place is the main reason why my friends and I initially frequented California hotel & casino.  They have some great Hawaiian food at an affordable price.  This place tends to get packed but it's worth waiting.  Luckily, this time around, we made our way here a little after the lunch crowd had already left.Got their Aloha plate ($10.99) which includes chicken teriyaki, beef teriyaki, 2 spam musubis and macaroni salad.  I forgot that this doesn't include rice because it comes with 2 spam musubis so I went back to order some rice ($1.25).  This proved to be pointless because I only took 4 bites of rice and also had 1 spam musubi left over.  The beef teriyaki can be a hit or miss sometimes.  Unfortunately, the beef was somewhat tough this time around.  The chicken teriyaki was great though.  I also like their mac salad because it doesn't seem too heavy.Once you order your food, they give you a number to put on your table.  They bring over your order and you're on your own after that.  There is a table near the entrance with cups and water dispensers with ice, as well as to-go boxes.  Oh and make sure you've got cash because this place is CASH ONLY.  This is the only reason why this place isn't 5 stars for me.
5	I've been coming to this restaurant since I was a little kid and nothing has changed. The food is still delicious, and the food gets to your table fast. My favorite dish is the teriyaki chicken plate/bowl and it is so yummy!
4	Went here with some out of town friends. I absolutely LOVE hawaiian food. If you haven't been here, it's in the California hotel and casino. It seems like a little hole in the wall Hawaiian joint, but it's pretty affordable and the food looks amazing. Prices range from about $5-$10, depending on what you order. I was told it can get pretty busy but we were there before the lunch hour. I really wanted to try the Loco Moco, but since I've had that at a number of places I decided to try the Mahi Mahi sandwich. It wasn't bad, but could've used more flavor. My friends ordered the Korean chicken, which was pretty delicious, as well as their Spam Musubi. Their plates are big, so come hungry! Definitely would love to come back here and try it again!
4	Great Hawaiian food!  The portions are decent and the prices are fair.  The only drawback is the restaurant does not accept credit cards.
3	So much to pick from in VEGAS.  Had a buddy who's a Vegas nubbin..so decided to go to DT.  Got a bit late, and hungry..figured we try this place out.  Kinda cool to get stuff we can get back in Hawaii. But that's about it.
4	Spam, eggs, and rice was delish! It's a nice little whole in the wall with friendly staff. If you're in downtown Las Vegas, its a place you should visit
4	If you're ever downtown and looking for some place that offers authentic local food, you've got to try this place. A friend and I decided to go here for lunch as he's never tried Hawaiian Local food.  Yes, that's what I said (he's from Wisconsin, so don't blame him LOL). I've been here many times and love the food.  Today I got the Korean chicken.  This plate was $7.95 (which is pretty much a steal) and came with (4) chicken thighs, white rice and mac salad.  A LOT of food.  The Korean sauce was sweet and savory at the same time.  It was a nice tangy flavor and had small pieces of green onions in it.  The chicken was nicely grilled.  The only feedback I would give was that I would prefer a more crispier skin.  When the skin is too soft, it creates a very mushy texture and sometimes a turn off for me.  The mac salad was served in a small cup (we got our food to go), but had a lot of mayonaise and a little salty for my taste.  I also got the spam musubi for $2.00.  The seaweed was a little softer than expected and the rice was mushier than what I'm used to, however, the spam was nicer fried and came with a light teriyaki sauce. With the ambiance, the place is on the smaller side, but offers a lot of seating inside and outside in the hallway to Main Street.  The table cloths are a little outdated, but it's cool.  I love local Hawaiian food and love the 'once in a while' local craving fix.  If you're ever downtown and want to try local food, please come and check this place out.  They have everything you're looking for (except chicken katsu).
4	Hubby is from Hawaii and was pleasantly surprised by the home-iness of the cooking here. Would definitely go back and the price can't be beat. Bring cash.
4	Last review from my Vegas trip.Went here for our last dinner in Vegas before hitting up Marquee.This restaurant is far off the strip. Heading over here we did pass by the "Pawnstars" shop & the wedding chapel that they used for "The Hangover." Pretty cool! Also the self-proclaimed "World's Biggest Souvenir Shop." Place was HUUUUGE! So I wouldn't doubt the name at all.Walking into the hotel this restaurant was located in was AWKWARD. Apparently that hotel attracts the OLDER crowd. I didn't see anyone our age at all. What made it eve more AWKWARD was that we were dressed in clubbing clothes so all the older people were staring at us like we were hookers or something. lol. Walking into the restaurant got us lots of stares since we were severely over-dressed & looked out of place. Besides that, here goes my experience.I ordered the chicken teriyaki, musubi combo. It comes with 2 MUSUBI'S! Yummy! The macaroni salad was sooooo good! The chicken teriyaki, WOW. They were not stingy when it came to portions. I ate as much as I could since we were going to be drinking alot that night & it still looked like I didn't even put a dent into it.The prices are unbelievably low. I guess going off the strip makes things a little cheaper.I would go here again, just sayin'
4	OMG, tasty Hawaiian  local food with portions fit for a family! Tasty chicken teriyaki, sis had the large won ton saimin (fed our entire party of 7), bro had the Local plate lunch of two types of Teri, rice, mac salad, pickles, other sis has the Kalua pig/ came mixed in cabbage (ok), other sis has the spam musubi, she liked!  We rolled outta there and hit the black jack tables to burn off them calories.....oh, and there's a Lappart's Hawaiian ice cream shop next door for awesome ice cream ----dang it, off to the gym to burn off those 1000 lushious calories!
4	Bomb! Went walking to this place with my friends from LA. I insisted on making them try it since I saw the high yelp reviews. We finally find it after walking around downtown lost, hungover, and hungry. It was all worth it thou. Very casual setting in a beat up old casino. Out ordered garlic chicken covered in gravy. BEST!!! Hawaiian gravy I have ever had. The staff was very nice, and the food came out fast. Its always a good sign when you walk in and the place is full of Hawaiian customers.I just wish they had chicken katsu. :( Overall,  a diamond in the rough of downtown las vegas
3	Please get some cash before you are stand in the long line. This is a cash only establishment. I was upset because after waiting in line I find out they didn't have any Kalbi. I settled on Teriyaki beef I thought it was good . The macaroni was also tasty but I thought overall the food was average. I would have rather ate at Rice Trax if I knew the food wasn't going to be great.
5	Best Hawaiian in town! Inexpensive too!
4	Literally EVERY time my family is near Las Vegas we make every effort possible to stop by Aloha Specialties Restaurant.My grandpa introduced my dad to Aloha Specialties when it was still located on the other side of the Cal Hotel. Some may think Aloha Specialties is a small location now, well from what I have heard their current location is a huge upgrade.Aloha Specialties is located on the second floor of the Cal Hotel, right across from a snack shop and a chocolate shop. They have a small location with a decent amount of seats. However, their prices and food seem to draw a crowd so big that seating can get scarce. For the most part their lines literally go out the door. Worry not, the line tends to go quick and the food doesn't come that much later. You order upfront, pay and take your number to your table.I have tried numerous things at Aloha Specialties and have a few recommendations.I would definitely recommend the Combination Plate with pork, chicken and beef. It's only a dollar or so more than the bowl and its big enough to share with others. The plate comes with rice and a side of macaroni salad. All meats on this plate are flatten out and covered in teriyaki sauce. I enjoy every meat on this plate because they are all juicy and tender. I also recommend a bowl of Saimin, don't ask what's in it, just try it! Lastly, I recommend there Aloha Breakfast which comes with portuguese sausage, spam, eggs, rice and Hawaiian bread. Their portuguese sausage was pretty good, the spam wasn't bad but honestly you can't really go wrong with it, eggs are eggs, rice is rice, and the Hawaiian bread was yummy. CheesyAloha Specialties is probably up there when it comes to a typical themed hawaiian restaurants. They have cheesy decor and random table cloths.OverallThis restaurant isn't literally a 4 star restaurant. However, it's a 4 star overall. You get good ethnic food for a more than reasonable price.TipCash only . . . ATM located in the lobby
5	Saimin is good.
4	After craving for some Hawaii type food, this place did It's justice. Order the local plate and the hamburger steak which both was pretty good. Very friendly service.
4	Large won ton saimen $8. Huge portions and good price.  Had other dishes. All good.
5	My family ALWAYS comes to this restaurant... There's a reason why it's crowded!! The line was out the door and the wait about an hour long. I got the 2 eggs with rice and Portuguese sausage (so good, my mom was surprised with the amount of food I ate... And they aren't stingy with their food!!). The spam was extremely salty (this is from a girl who LOVES her salt) but my mom seemed to like it :) the rest of my family got Siamin noodles (sp?) keep in mind that the large is HUGE. I have no idea how my brother ate that... The macaroni salad is a must in Hawaiian cuisine and the kimchi tasted like kimchi (which was to be expected). My only issue is with the seating. It would be so much more organized if they had someone seating people! However I can't really complain as we were able to find a seat pretty easily (which was EXTREMELY surprising given the amount of people there!)
4	Delicious comfort food at a really great price. We ordered spam musubi, simian, and Korean chicken. The bill totaled just over $15. Nothing was "slap your mama good", but nothing was bad.  At $2 for one piece I would skip the spam musubi next time. Besides, the other dishes were pretty big portions.  I most enjoyed the Korean chicken, which came with rice and macaroni salad. Chicken had lots of fat. Not healthy, but a satisfying meal. We will be back, but not too often.
4	Simple, cheap, and tasty.If you are going to visit this restaurant, you will probably want to beat the lunch crowd rush as the line goes outside the door.  I usually go around 11:30 or so where you can just walk up to the register and order.  The food is very typical of a hawaiian plate lunch, but it makes its teriyaki chicken like a katsu instead of just simply BBQing it.  All in all, it is very good, very cheap, and very Hawaiian.
4	A little tough to find as its located on the second floor of the casino, but well worth the search. It was kinda fun to tell you the truth.Bring cash, and the best part is, you don't even need that much of it. The food menu is simple and to the point. Portions are just right and taste great. If you want a good snack to start with, get the Kim Chi. The rest is up to you. We had a group of 8 so we each had a good taste of each other's dishes and there was no bad here. Very ethnic, so be ready for that, but well prepared and enjoyable.
3	They have big portions! I ordered a beef chop steak and my eyes widened when I saw the serving size. Luckily for me, I had a small breakfast and a late lunch so I ate a lot. But I still needed a takeaway box. I gave 3 stars because I did not like the macaroni salad and they only accept cash.
3	Even though we have lived in LV since 2009, I had heard a  lot of good reviews about this eatery and was able to convince my parents to give this place a try yesterday. As you exit the elevator or take the escalator up to the mezzanine level, look to your right and you'll see their signage. The place is a little on the small side but definitely doing a brisk business for a Tuesday lunch. There is no waiter service. Once you enter, find an open table, then review the menu on the wall as you wait in line for the cashier to take your order.  Btw...they don't take credit or debit cards so be sure to have CASH. You're then given a number to place on your table and within a short period of time, a bus person will bring the food you ordered out to you. My parents enjoyed what they ordered while I munched on my teriyaki combo plate. It was ok but they give you way too much rice. The rice wasn't that sticky since I didn't gave any stuck to the front of my shirt when I had finished ;-) I've had just as good a meal, if not better at L&L Hawaiian BBQ up in Sparks, NV. Darn, I forgot to check if they had any lumpia on their menu. The pricing is very reasonable but the next time I'll request more macaroni salad and much less rice. We heard a lot of pidgin english being spoken. In my mind, the customers brought out more of the Aloha spirit than the food did. The employees, as far as I could tell, did not smile...just going through the motions of doing their tasks. I'll return at a later date to try something else on their menu.
2	I brought my parents again to the California because my dad was itchin' to play the quarter poker bandits. Stopped off at Aloha Specialties and ordered the teriyaki ribeye but requested mac salad only...no rice. The meal was so-so...no lumpia on the menu but at least some of the employees cracked a smile today. The place was busy for lunch though. That's enough hawaiian for awhile.
4	Been coming here for years and the place never disappoints.  Whether you want breakfast, lunch or dinner the food is consistently good.  I recommend the Loco Moco, Garlic Chicken, Saimin, Spam Musubi, BBQ Plates and you pretty much can't go wrong with whatever you order.  Reasonable prices, portions are good too, so you shouldn't leave hungry.
5	Please let me rate this 6 stars.  Everything I've tried here is superb.  Most recently, I tried the BBQ chicken and kalua.  I NEVER order BBQ chicken at hawaiian restaurants, but did so based on a recommendation.  I was NOT disappointed.  DELICIOUS!!!  I can't put into words how much I love this place.  Put it this way: we took a cab to downtown the last two trips just to eat here.
5	Great Hawaiian eats place located on the 2nd floor mezzanine area of the California Hotel downtown. I love getting the large Saimin, an order of poke, and a slice of Haupia. Yes, I do eat it all. They also have great plate lunches, or dinners depending whateva time you come to eat da local grindz.
4	Best Loco Moco I have ever had. A real authentic hawaiian place
4	Great food.  Cash only.  Bring your appetite!
5	This place offers amazing and affordable food! They are located on the second floor of the the California hotel/casino...The food is really fresh and authentic! They have anything from soups to rice bowls... we ordered the Wonton Saimin, which has eggs, char sui pork and veggies with ramen noodles. Their spam masubi's a great appetizers and their garlic chicken is a must! If you are in downtown Las Vegas and are looking for a quick, cheap and delicious meal, I would definitely check this place out! You walk up and order at the counter and the seats are first come first serve.
4	I'm from Hawaii and I live in Vegas now, this place is too good.  It's hard to find a great Hawaiian place to eat, with traditional Hawaiian meals.  But this place is hands-down the best Hawaiian food available in Vegas.  It's located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel and Casino.  Their menu has a wide variety of traditional Hawaiian meals.  If you're not too familiar with Hawaiian meals, typically its a fusion of a lot of different Asian cultures.  I've been here too many times to count.  But I know I probably had just about everything on their menu.  From the local plates, to their curry, to their sandwiches and Saimin.  Everything I've ever ordered from this place always reminds me of the Islands.  Price is perfect and the portions are huge! I usually can't finish my meal cause it's too big.
5	I didn't REALLY want to go, but I'm a convert on the 1st try!F'ing AWESOME food. Kalua Pig and Cabbage...delicious! Side Macaroni salad - MMGOOD!Spam and Egg Sandwich - Canned sodium goodness!Chicken Tofu Siamen - Tofu sooo soft and tasty! The broth was good (a bit too salty).Quick service, excellent food and great prices!
4	pretty delicious hawaiian favorties. probably the best Hawaiian in VegasKorean chicken and wonton saimin are bomb! and mahi mahi. Nice big portions. Always one of my favorite spots Downtown.  food always tastes fresh unlike most hawaiian chain restaurants. i love that the California Hotel caters to its Hawaiian cuzins =]
5	This is not as good as Hawaii, but pretty damn close. I ate here twice when I was in Vegas for two days. The Loco Moco, the Spam Musubi, and the Hawaiian Bento are yummy. I got my Hawaiian fix, loved it! They have Hawaiian Sun juice, too!
4	BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD in Las Vegas!! I first came here 5 years ago when I turned 21.. & has become my favorite Vegas food spot. I average one Vegas trip a month and always find my way here at least once every trip. They have lots of variety on their menu & I don't think i've ever tasted a bad entree. I usually order one of the meat combos because they load up your plate pretty well. I like the Bento Plate for about $8-$9 which includes: BBQ Beef, Korean Chicken, Mahi-Mahi, with Furakake Rice.. each respectively tasting amazing. The Loco Moco is also a good goto dish which never fails in satisfying a craving, and curing a hangover from a long night of partying. Awesome food, big portions, good atmosphere, & a whole lot of Aloha!
3	Better than a 3, not quite a 4. The place is packed with large Island people mowing on large plates of delicious looking food. How does one NOT eat here?!Enjoyed chicken, beef, fish combo plate. YUM! Stuffed. Unless you're a sumo wrestler, share a plate. If you're still hungry get another plate. These are HUGE PORTIONS!
1	The only reason why I'm giving Aloha Specialty a 1 star is because of one waitress that waited on us on April 6 right before closing.  Don't get me wrong, the food is AWESOME, but the lack of service this one waitress didn't give us did not sit well for a party of 6.  Especially when we have 3 first timers that drove 10 hours to get some great tasting food.  I too am in the service industry, but the way this waitress acted was totally unacceptable and if she worked for me, I would TERMINATE her for her lack of customer service skills.  I didn't get her name, but she had long hair and looked Hawaiian.  To management, she's detrimental to your business.
4	This place is cash only folks!I ordered the Korean chicken and a small siamin soup with wonton. The line was long, but moved quick. I was hoping to get the Korean chicken and Korean barbeque special, but it was not offered. The lady at the cash register recommended that I call ahead for the specials, as that one had not  been offered in a very long time. The food was pretty good for the price. I would return, especially given the fact that Leopalds Ice Cream is just across the way. The only other time I get to enjoy macademia nut ice cream is at the Hilton Hawaii Village location in Honolulu.
5	Okay so I'm biased because I used to live in Hawaii, but coming here felt like HOME!  EVERYONE in the place was speaking pigeon, including the customers.  We got the Aloha Bento, saimin and spam musubi.  Lots of volume, lots of meat smothered in teriyaki...doesn't get betta than dat!  All for less than $20.They got loco moco, kalua pork, spam & eggs, etc.. you name it!Come here for a local feel, local food and a chill out time.
5	This place has great food and the prices are cheap with large portions! If you love Hawaiian food then this is the place to go. I've brought plenty of visitors here and they all love it just as much as me. I usually get a teriyaki bowl, saimin, spam musubi when I come hereThe only downsides are that it's CASH ONLY and there aren't too many tables which makes it tough to sit when it gets packed and it does get pretty crowded in there, especially during the lunch hours
4	Good Hawaiian style food. Had the korean chicken w/ Mac salad taste pretty good.
5	Fast service, very tasty food. Aloha breakfast with the Hawaiian sweet bread is so good! The eggs for the loco moco over medium is done very well. Good place to stop when craving local food!
4	It's had to been at least 3 years since my last visit here and my opinion of this place has not changed one bit.  The menu is basically the same and the prices are still as good as it gets.  Comfort food at its finest when you're in DTLV.  Aloha's is located in the California Hotel & Casino (2nd level). What to expect...perfect late night dinner, ginormous portions, and great prices.  You can get most HI dishes here and the menu is simple.  My suggestion...get their Teri anything.  One of the guys in our group was excited because Kalua Pig was on the menu.  Once we got in line, bam! Kalua Pig is all out.  Aloha's must have noticed his disappointment. They immediately took the sign down and it was back on the menu.  Yes! Juice! Elite!  Tag Team...back again!  Juice was happy he got his dish and that made the rest of us as happy as can be.  As for me, my favorite is their Loco Moco, but opted for their Local Plate on my most recent visit.  This consisted of their Teri Beef, BBQ Chicken, Two Spam Masubi's, and Mac Salad.  Again, portions are huge but that really didn't stop me from deMELishing this.  Yeah..new word folks. That means no meal is safe around me.  My only issue, where's the rice?  I ended up stealing a few forkfuls of rice from the girlfriend.  Hah...problem solved. She didn't even notice because I got catlike ninja skills. But I did notice that she stole some of my mac salad. Yeah..I noticed. Remember, only a ninja can stop a ninja.  PS:  If you can't wait for Market Street Cafe's infamous Oxtail Soup that is served later at night, then head up the escalators and find your way here at Aloha Specialties.  Local Plate:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=BUbGhTrZ5PD50vtwAXx-1g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQLocal Fork:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=SQXD5PWyjaAl8LqNSV1yZQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
5	I stay at The Cal twice a year and eat here at least twice during our stay. Great food and pretty reasonable. Long lines but worth the wait. Make sure you have cash on you. This restaurant is cash only!!  Shouldn't be a problem unless you lost your butt in the casino lol. I always run into people here, most of them happen to be staying at another hotel, but come here just to eat. Must be that good, right?
5	I have been going here for at least 15 years, I have seen it grow and expand. By far the best Hawaiian food in town. Others don't come close to the taste and portions that you get here plus the prices are great. I recommend anyone downtown looking for a great place to eat stop in and grab a plate!
1	This place is DISGUSTING. I have no idea how it gets a 4 star. We picked this place because of the reviews and how close it was to Freemont where we were seeing a show. My party ordered the Teri Beef Sandwhich, Aloha Buntie and the Sweet & Sour ribs. All the meat was fatty and not of good quality. Yes, I agree it is cheap and you do seem to get enough food, but it was awful. The reviews mentioned the Teriyaki which to me was very sweet and tasted like it came out of can. Seriously people this is what you have resorted to as good food. GROSS. I will never eat here again or recommend to anyone. There are SO many other good places to eat in Vegas do not waste your time. Also, what restaurant doesn't take credit cards. Its the 21st century get with the program, its called running a business. Idiots!!!!
5	Tripe stew is delicious.
4	Every time I'm in downtown, I come to this place for some loco moco. U can order it during any time of the day. Super good, but not super good for u. If ur in the mood for some authentic Hawaiian good while in Vegas, this is the place to stop. Has a very mom and pop type of feel. It's located just up the escalator on the second floor of the California club.
5	Always yummy. Mix plate is tasty. Staff is great.
3	Everything is just ok here, nothing to rave about.I tried the chicken teri, korean chicken, mac salad...it was all just ehhCASH ONLY
4	Always make it a point to stop here when we are in Vegas. I don't think I have ever had anything on the menu other than the large saimin with wontons and spam musubi. And I usually end up realizing that I could've gotten by with just a small. The bowl comes with lots of noodles, tasty wonton, char siu, egg, fishcake, and green onions. All of the other dishes look good, but why take a chance when you know what you want. They only take cash, so make sure you save some of your winnings from the slots or blackjack tables. There are always plenty of Hawaiians at the restaurant, another sign of the authenticity of the restaurant.
4	It's hard not to get a plate lunch here when you're visiting The Cal. I like it because it reminds me of Hawaii and it's cheap! Pretty much everything hear is a winner. Saimin is very good. Always get a spam musubi with the local plate. Rather spend $10 bucks on good food than dropping it on the table.
2	After a 10 hour drive from SF to Vegas, we were anxious to fill our growling tummies. After hearing about the best Hawaiian food at the California Hotel and seeing the pictures of delicious poke on Yelp, we were sold. We didn't have to return our rental car for a few hours, so we quickly drove 20 minutes off the strip to Aloha Specialties Restaurant. What a disappointment! First of all, we were told that they haven't served poke in about a year. Talk about false advertisement! If you're looking to order poke, look elsewhere. They don't have it here. Fine, everything else on the menu looked appetizing enough that we could probably still be satisfied sans poke right? Wrong! When we got our meals, no one left satisfied. I wouldn't suggest wasting gas, cab money or calories here at all.
5	There's one place I ALWAYS go to when in Vegas and that is the Aloha Specialties Restaurant at the California Hotel. This place reminds me of being in Hawaii- very ono.The combo plates are HUGE as is the saimins so feel free to share (and add wontons to the saimin)- also the fruit punch reminds me of my childhood in Hawaii so go for that too. Portuguese Sausage YUM Spam Musubi OISHIIf you eat at the off times then the line's usually short but during peak hours it's really busy and not only is the line big but the wait for a table can be long too.It is a Cash Only restaurant so don't bring your cards here and water is self serve.
4	My family and I had to eat at this little restaurant while visiting because a) were from Hawaii b) so badly craving a loco moco and some spam! Its a small restaurant up stairs, and really inexpensive food. If you are missing loco grindz (food) and need you portuguese sausage, saimen, loco moco, beef stew, etc fix- this is your place. Its inexpensive, away from the smokey casino and you're bound to run into other Hawaii locals.
5	If you ever wondered why so many Islanders come to visit Vegas and stay at "The Cal" in downtown, you have just found your answer! This place has some of the best Hawaiian food in the valley! Teri beef, chicken, musubi, garlic chicken with gravy, loco moco, short ribs, saimin, etc. - they got what you want! And not only is everything made fresh and delicious but the portions are huge and the price is nice! It's always packed with locals when I go, so you know it's definitely Ono! Official!
5	I'm not one to seek out Hawaiian cuisine but my friends insisted we come here.  I ordered spam Masubi and loco moco.  Best spam masubi and loco moco I ever head.  Comfort food at its best.  My friend offered some of his tripe stew to me.  He warned me that I might order one.  After one bite, I was sold on the tripe stew and ordered one of my own.  Texture was executed perfectly.  For those that like tripe, the tripe stew is a MUST ORDER.
4	Saw the high Yelp reviews for this place, and we were staying in the adjoining Main Street Station, so we ended up in here for dinner one night.  We got there around 7, and there was a line of maybe a dozen folks ahead of us.I had the saimin (good, but nothing special), as well as the garlic chicken.  GF got the combo plate that had Korean beef and chicken, along with the obligatory rice and macaroni salad.  This isn't fine dining by any stretch - presentation isn't really a concern, and we're not talking about any crazy complimentary flavors or subtle undertones or anything.  Portions are large - GF and I could easily have just split the combo plate and been more than full.  Solid, stick-to-your-ribs, Hawaiian style food.  The beef and chicken were solid, maybe a bit fatty, but that's to be expected.Cash only was a bit of a surprise, but fortunately I hadn't handed over all my money on the blackjack tables.This is one of those places that looks like a hole in the wall, but looks like it's always packed.  Large portions and great bang for the buck.  Not amazing food, but a great value, especially if you're craving Hawaiian style.
5	This place is onolicious. I have found and item yet I didn't like. I especially love the spam musubi, oyako, and the loco moco. A must stop if you like hawaiian style food.
2	below average. it's acceptable for the price in LV though.
4	I love how this place is right across from lapperts! Seriously the perfect dessert after having the Korean chicken here!During lunch and dinner this place is pretty busy. I highly recommend the Korean chicken! You seriously cannot go wrong with this plate of yummy goodness! I haven't tried anything else here but I will definitely be back. They have awesome service and delicious food.
5	After a long vacation and drive from San Fran to LA to Vegas ending up at Aloha Specialties made me feel like I arrived back home on Oahu.Seeing all the local people, local food, ......home away from home!  The food is ono, the portions are huge, and they have Hawaiian Sun Passion Orange!Definitely a go to place for Hawaiians!
4	During our Annual trip to Vegas, aside from the pricey restaurants on the strip we always want to find the hidden gems. And this is definitely one of them. It's located on the second floor of downtown's California Hotel. Pretty big seating area. Keep in mind it's not a fancy restaurant. I order the Saimin with wonton. Pretty much it's noodles with kimchi and wonton. Pretty good but not too special. Boyfriend order the Korean chicken and beef and he loved it. We also tried the Spam Masubi, which is like sushi with spam. Pretty good as a appetizer. They also have Hawaiian soda. Overall a good experience. I would definitely come back to try other dishes.
4	they are not that bad. their food portions are huge. too bad they dont accept debit/credit cards. they add more veggies to their siamin.
5	The BEST Hawaiian food in town! I have coming here since i was a kid!!! Always great service, friendly owners and delicious food!!!! I have tried many other Hawaiian restaurants in town and nothing compares to this place!!!! Prices are so reasonable and portions are great!!!! I LOVE love love this place!!!!
3	I visit this restaurant every September when I'm in town for the LVI basketball tournament.I've been coming here since 2007 - either my taste buds have changed or the food quality has  dropped.The place is always crowded this time of the year and prices are very reasonable. I will continue to eat here regardless of a single good or bad experienceHighly recommended for those staying at Main Street Station or The Californian - I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here though.*September 2013
5	Although I've been here many times, I've finally found my number one dish!  Listen, I can overlook the smokey casino outside and the outdated carpet and tables.  It's that good!I got the Aloha Bento for $8.75!  Man this plate is AH-MAZE-ING!  Let's start with a bed of rice, seasoned with furikake, a seaweed seasoning.  Then you have Teriyaki beef, Korean chicken, Redondo red hot dog and mahi mahi.  My gosh!  Worth every penny.  Let's start with the tender and nicely grilled Teriyaki beef.  The sauce really makes it taste like home.  Then you have the hotdog, sliced in half and grilled.  This hot dog is only embraced in Hawaii.  I grew up on this and love it!  It's red, which is weird to some, but awesome to others!  Then the Korean chicken was super flavorful.  Grilled chicken thigh.  The sauce seemed to stick well and such a nice tangy taste to it!  Last but not least, the mahi mahi was breaded with egg and topped with a light tartar sauce. Probably the best part of the dish.  I've grown to love all types of fish and breaded mahi mahi has to be one of my top 5 favorites.  The tartar sauce really pulls the taste together and brings a very light element to the overall dish.  Man, I'm so glad I chose this meal.  Now I know what I'm getting from now on and will definitely be back next week.  Gosh, I hope you have the opportunity to try it!  So delicious :)
4	Can't get enough of the good "local" food here. Open early and just late enough to get saimin or whatever plate lunch you crave. Always has great service and terrific prices too.
4	A hidden gem inside the California Hotel. I've been coming here for years, even before I became a Vegas local. And being a local, I prefer DTLV to the strip. Don't expect white linens or pretentious food. This place is all about that good stick-to-your-ribs kinda food. Definitely comfort food to the max (probably good for hangovers) Good prices and large portions, what more could you ask for? The plates they use to serve the food are the biggest plates I've ever seen, haha! I wasn't able to finish my meal so I boxed up the left overs. I went during a weekday afternoon. No line whatsoever, so that was a plus. We ordered the SAIMIN, KOREAN CHICKEN and BEEF STEW. I wasn't a fan of the SAIMIN. A bit too fishy for my taste. The KOREAN CHICKEN was very tasty, a bit on the sweet side. The BEEF STEW was awesome! I highly recommend that. I got a side of green onions too which really made the dish. In hindsight I should've asked for a fried egg on top. Perhaps next visit. Side note if you have time or room for dessert, Lappert's is right next door. You'll find all the flavors you'd expect from an IceCream shop based in Hawaii. So Ono!
1	Really really really wanted to eat here for a while and stood in line for a while but got to check out the menu while doing so. When we finally ordered, I handed over my debit card but was refused because guess what? Cash Only. There was not a single sign or anything in the entire place. So we just left. Really? Cash only in a casino? Fail.
5	Best food I ate during my 5 day stay in Vegas by far.
4	3.5 stars rounded to 4 stars!  Aloha Specialties Restaurant is the popular one-stop shop for local Hawaiian food when you visit Las Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the California Hotel and Casino.  You need to time your visit here (i.e., go early) because this place gets crowded!  I always wondered why Hawaii people would rush to a Hawaii restaurant in Las Vegas.  Don't we get enough local food at home?  It's all about comfort food.Prices are reasonable, but the food preparation can take a while.  Be sure you have some good topics to talk with your table mates about.  Employees here work super hard to ensure you have a good experience.Large Saimin Noodles:  This dish was just like eating local noodles at home in Hawaii.  The portions are quite large.  The saimin tasted like S&S saimin.  Although the noodles were a bit too soft and smooshy for me, it reminded me of my childhood.  Nice.  Grade:  Bhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-specialties-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#q_r79ge6x7EL_xu82rWY5QChicken Curry & Rice:  This dish wasn't my favorite.  Period.  The flavor was right on, but the texture was a bit starchy and thick.  Not my style of local chicken curry.  Grade:  C+Pork Tofu:  This dish was like home cooking!  Slices of pork cooked with onions, tofu, and served in a mirin, shoyu, and hondashi sauce!  WINNER!  Grade:  A!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-specialties-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#_vF_tioidPEEiY4eFWmoCASpicy Korean BBQ Chicken:  The highlight of my dish was the grilled Korean BBQ chicken.  Three thighs were served with a whole lot of rice and a side of macaroni salad.  Well prepared, well cooked, delicious flavor.  Grade:  A-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-specialties-restaurant-las-vegas?select=0L7OXNm25KcXc31ftjIpUw#0L7OXNm25KcXc31ftjIpUwFood Grade:  BService Grade:  BWorth The Money Grade:  BOverall Impression Grade:  B
4	Not going to pretend I'm from Hawaii or anything and say that this place is authentic. However, after visiting Hawaii and eating plenty of the local food, I can say that it comes somewhat close. I love me some hamburger steak so that's what I ordered. There wasn't enough gravy but the taste, rice and mac salad made up for that. I enjoyed it very much. My family and I shared the large saimin noodle. The soup wasn't very tasty (I think I'm just used to ramen broth) but everything in it was good. It just wasn't like "OMG THIS IS DELICIOUS."  We also had some korean chicken, which was pretty good. I would have preferred it to be crispy all over just not on one side though :p Overall, it was a great meal and the portions are a good size. I think it's a tad pricy, but it IS in a casino (California Hotel and Casino). The line is long, so expect to wait. Also, seating is limited. I would come back if I had some extra time during my next Vegas trip and was seeking some comfort food.
5	Oh man, I'd come here again in a heart beat! This is the cheapest and best Hawaiian food in Vegas!Aloha is located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel down near Fremont Street. We got here just before noon and didn't have to wait in too long of a line to order. This place is CASH ONLY and no coupons are accepted. The menu has plenty to choose from...combo plates, saimen, spamusubi, loco moco, breakfast, etc. We ordered a large saimen and the teriyaki combo plate with mac/rice. The saimen was good....lots of noodles and tasty broth. The combo plate was yummy also, a variety of chicken/pork/beef with tons of rice and some good mac salad on the side. Portions are large and hey, even if you're still hungry it'll roughly cost you maybe $5 more to order some more! This is an order at the counter then seat yourself place- the staff here was nice though and food came out fast. Would definitely recommend and return again!
1	Yelp I'm sorry but you let me down! I don't get how this place has so many good reviews. First the tables block the entrance so you can barely enter the place. Signage is very bad and you can't even see it. The place is beyond gaudy and looks like something from my grandmas living room. The portions are HUGE and the prices are cheap but the food quality was lacking! The sweet and sour ribs weren't even ribs, it was pork butt! The Korean chicken was tender but I didn't care for the skin that was left on it. The place is very old school which may work for some older people but not for me. There's other places that have the same style food and I'll be sure to check them out before ever stepping back into this flashback from the 70's. So please say aloha.... As your driving or walking by!
4	Good place in the California Hotel to come to see all the locals from Hawaii and if you are craving local food while on vacation.Food is good we usually always get loco moco and saimin. The prices are reasonable and service is ok. This place is usually always busy when we come but they have a big seating area.
5	My fave place to go to in Vegas. Have to stop here for my loco moco fix.
4	Best local hawaiian style food in Vegas! I only bring friends from back home to here. Prices are great and service is always awesome! Saimin is killer
5	This place is a must stop every time I'm in Vegas. There isn't one dish I don't like here. It's almost become tradition to order the Korean Chicken with a side of fried egg. And there's just something about their macaroni salad that separates them from the rest. It's literally the best Mac salad I've ever had! The portions are huge and one dish can feed two.Service is great and they're really friendly. Consistently love the atmosphere here. Now if they can only open a location in California...but one can only wish. Aloha!!
3	Good place for some local Hawaii food. First time to try the saimin and I didn't like it at all. Good thing I also ordered the teriburger. My husband ordered the cheeseburger and liked that too. Earlier in the week we also tried the liver and onions, tripe stew, spareribs, and beef stew. We loved the tripe stew and liver and onions. Just missing some poi.
4	Spam Musubi, Portugese Sausage, Hawaiian Breakfast...A perfect way to start a day in LV. The Saimen is the best cure for hangovers.
3	good cheap filling meal big ass portions, don't eat before a pool party or you'll be trying to hold your gut in.
5	I love the Aloha Bento! Giant portions and it has everything Mahi Mahi, Redondos Hot Dog, Teri Beef, Korean Chicken and Furikake Rice. Better than most Hawaiian places in LA and very nostalgic for me, I've been staying at the Cal since I was a kid. I always eat here when I'm in Vegas.
1	I used to love this place but if you think sirachi sauce makes the meal please go somewhere else. I ordered teri chicken and asked for sirachi and they will only give you a small.. I'm taking a spoonful of sauce and refuse to give any more claiming the factory is closing! What a disappointment... Vegas has plenty of BBQ places willing to care about their customers .. You've been warned
5	Ho yup, dis buggah is winnahs! Out of all the years that I've lived in Vegas, I've never stopped by Aloha Specialties to check out the food or "grinds" as us local peeps affectionately call it. The SO and I were in a chicken mood so I opted for the Korean Chicken on this visit and my wife went for the Chicken Chop. The Korean Chicken was awesome and not overly crispy like some places I've had it at. The Chicken Chop was pretty good but the Korean Chicken was the winner dish IMO. Wanted to try out the famed Teriyaki Chicken but decided to pass on this round. The food was a bit pricey (almost $20 for both of our plates, no soda) but I left happy so I looked past that. Keep in mind that I paid that almost $20 ticket with cash because they are still cash only. Minor set back but I would've liked to have gotten some points on my Hawaiian Miles card so I can get home and taste some real grinds. But, at least I have Aloha Specialties. Good grinds, will be back for the Teri Chicken next time.
5	As far as I'm concerned, if you want some decent home-style Asian/Hawaiian fair, this is the place to go in downtown Vegas or otherwise. It's cheap, it's delicious, and it's completely understated how good the food is compared to everything barring 4 star 4 dollar sign restaurants.
5	If you want some tasty reasonably priced hawaiian food this is the place to go. Its inside of the California hotel and casino on the second floor. This past time I ordered the aloha breakfast which came with eggs, rice, spam, Portuguese sausage and what they call luncheon meat. Very filling meal and if youre in the mood for breakfast it hits the spot. The spam was  not too soft had a slight crisp to it (just the way I like it) and the Portuguese sausage had goof flavor. The luncheon meat was interesting. I would compare it to a thick piece of bologna. You seat yourself here and order at the cashier. There's only one cashier so when it gets busy you may have to wait. They only accept cash here so dont be coming in with a credit card. But then again you're at a casino so getting money shouldn't be an issue.
4	We love this place! Can't go to Vegas without stopping by. Huge portions at a good price. My son really likes the saimin here, he gets it every time. The Korean Chicken is my favorite. It's a little spicy but it hits me just right. The loco moco was very good. My husband liked it but said the patties that I make are tastier. Their gravy is very good. The bentos are very large...everything is very large here. Our favorite part is the price. It's cheap and the servings are so large and tasty. Enough to share plates. We often eat family style here. BRING CASH!! They don't take cards.
5	I love this place!   I must return next week.  Hawaiian food plate, its just so tasty.  The macoroni salad was insane, the terriaki beef out of this world with this sweet gravy on it, and the rice was a perfect match for soaking up the beefy gravy.   I ate my whole plate, was not stuffed, just satisfied.   Happy, ready to swim at Hanalei Bay in Kauai, but back to the 9th Island Vegas!  Thank you Aloha and see you again soon....brahdahs and sisters....5 STAR HAWAIIAN DELI PLATES HERE!! Cheap and yummy! Inside the California Hotel
5	Good hearty Asian style breakfast, brunch, lunch. Chicken, good.. crispy and moist. Platters are huge. Saimin was excellent. Long lines, but worth the wait. Mahi Mahi was pretty fresh.
3	Highly recommended by friends, it was an easy choice for lunch. With our arrival just after 11:30, we anticipated a long line. Much to our surprise, there was practically no wait at all. Even more surprising was the fact they only accept cash. What? This is Vegas. I got the Korean Chicken complete with rice and macaroni salad. I was in culinary heaven until my buddy, who ordered the same thing, found a very lengthy hair in his mac. The staff was apologetic and handled it well. Kind of put a damper on an otherwise pleasant experience though. Heads up if you use the parking garage. You must pay first and then validate at the casino cage. Make sure you have a receipt. No exceptions. The food was good enough to warrant a return (hopefully hairless) trip.
4	Always a tradition to go here when in Vegas with the fam.Likes:-Cheap food. -Pretty good Hawaiian food. I've had their saiman, Portuguese sausage with eggs and rice, and spam musubis.-Big portions.-Service is fast.-Casual, take-out place.Dislikes: -Cash only.-They bring you the food, but everything else is self-serve, such as getting cups f water and utensils.Recommend:Yes! Good place to stop by before leaving Vegas...pick up some spam musubis for the road!
4	Located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel. If it weren't for the long wait times to get your food and CASH ONLY, this place would be 5 stars in my book. The food portions are huge and decently priced. You know this place is authentic when you see an abundance of Hawaiian customers. I love the food here, but I still haven't forgiven them for making me miss my flight. The day after some qt and barhopping with the bff, he was craving Hawaiian and thought we had time to grab some lunch here before taking me to McCarran. It would've been true if we went somewhere else!!We ordered our food to-go and waited about 50 mins until we got it. The wait is ridiculous! Of course I missed my opportunity to check in on time and I had to scramble to find another flight. I had the most expensive spam musubis ever that day hahah ($180 for last minute flight to LAX).
4	My saimen fix always good ;) every time when family comes to the mainland we usually hit up the cal :)
5	Fast service!  Delicious Hawaiian food with massive portions for sharing.  Definitely worth the trip to old downtown las Vegas
5	I'm going to have to say this is hands down the best restaurant to eat at in all of Las Vegas. Bold statement I know but for the price, quality, quantity, service and consistency this place has it all. We've been going to Vegas for decades now and we've tried hundreds of restaurants from the ultra high end on the strip to the soul food in the hood. While there are absolutely some great eating spots in town we always find ourselves coming to Aloha Specialties every trip, if not multiple times. I get the same thing every time too, the garlic chicken with gravy over rice and a spam musubi. I could probably eat that every day of my life. Lunch hour can get crazy so expect to wait in a long line and for a place to sit. On weekends I've seen the line go out the door and into the casino. The service is pretty quick even when busy. This place is inexpensive and only accepts cash. But if you're rolling around Vegas without any cash it's probably time for you to go home.
4	This place is a gem for a local food lover... The plate lunches are awesome and the won ton min is huge!  The hotel it's located in is a dive but this is worth visiting.
5	This is my favorite of all the Hawaii grinds, consistently excellent and improving.  We ordered the famous Korean chicken plate and small saimin with spam. The best in las vegas for plate lunches and ono eats, esp. the mac salad. The service is much faster considering the long line, worth the visit.
4	a place for local food from hawaii. plenty of locals here from hawaii and they still come and pack the place. having the local moco for the first time here in vegas.
5	This place is amazing! They have a nice variety on the menu. The food is always fresh and delicious.  If you like Hawaiian food, this is one of the best places in town! They only accept cash, so hit up the ATM first.
3	Meh. I must've gotten the wrong thing because I was not overly impressed. The teriyaki sauce on the ribeye was way too thick and sugary, and I scraped as much off as possible. The macaroni salad had good flavor but it didn't pair well with what I ate. Not really worth the walk up Fremont St. for me, but YMMV.
3	This is a solid Hawaiian food place, not my favorite but a decent go to place with reasonable prices.  I split the Teriyaki chicken bowl $3.95 or so, ahi poke $6.95 and my friend got spam musubi $2. Pretty big portions so it was easy to split and still be full, lots  of rice, the chicken had the skin on it. Ahi poke was a small container, about average price - i. I prefer the poke at Poke Express personally but since I wasn't on Craig Rd, this was good. The only thing I dislike about this place is it is CASH ONLY. It is generally busy in there, and was yesterday, but service is fast and if you just get water, then there is self service water too which is fine for me.
4	Need some Island style home cooking? Well Aloha Specialties is the place to visit for that itch. Located on the second floor of the California Hotel & Casino. I felt I was transported back to Waikiki. I arrived on a Sunday and made it a point to drive directly here after landing from  So Cal. I had a Hawaiian grub itch that needed fixing quick. After valet parking (self park $3.00) I jumped in the long line to place my order and  opted for the small saimin and Loco Moco since I couldn't decide  on what to choose. Not long after being seated the friendly waitress brought me the two entrees.  I cracked up BC she was looking for another person to give a dish to. Even the customer next to me was shocked what I was going to attempt to do. We laughed about taking leftovers for dinner. Hey at these bargain prices - how could I possibly go wrong? It's cash only so leave your plastic in your purse or wallets people.The saimin broth was yummy, chau Sui seasoned to perfect flavor - not overcooked or to sweet and just the right amount of fat. the small order was generously sized and hit the spot. The loco moco was also gigantic with a steamed rice base topped with a hamburger patty and drenched with gravy and a medium cooked egg once top . Talk about comfort food - this definitely is the place to find it. There's seating out front if you''re nto people watching while dinning and many entrees sell out as did that day. I'm looking forward to returning and sampling  additional island style favorites.
5	Surprisingly good!  It was like street food in Hawaii
4	Friendly service, very decent portions and tasty food.Bring your appetite and CASH, they don't accept plastic or player's club cards.Anyone homesick for Hawaiian plate lunch should be happy here.  Just note their hours and the cash-only and you'll be fine.
4	Haven't been here in years ever since we''ve been staying on the main part of the strip for all that glitz, glam, tourists and crowds. But occasionally we like the quiet local joints in this part of the city. Nice change of pace! No nonsense Hawaiian joint. Good food, great service with great prices. Stop by after you check out the Fremont Experience can't go wrong. But bring cash as they do not take cards.
3	After driving being on the road for almost 4 1/2 hours, this place was a decent surprise.  I just the lunch plate.  It came with spam musubi, beef and chicken teriyaki.  The spam was ok.  The star was the chicken teriyaki.  The chicken thigh with skin that was was crunchy that was lightly covered with teriyaki sauce.  Not a bad place to grab Hawaiian food in Las Vegas.
4	only tried a couple of items here short rib & an all meat platter with chicken ,pork chop and beef . all was pretty good and cheap and you get a good amount .also you may get tired of buffets. they sell cookies and t shirts at the counter. if you get a chance go to vegas 808 it is across the way it has all kinds of snacks !
5	Simply the best in Vegas for local food. Saimin and Teri beef is my favorite. I also enjoy the Mahi plate. The staff is also always friendly!Take note that they only take cash.
5	Great local food!! If you have a need to get your Hawaii fix in this is the place!! The aloha bento is best, also try the Korean chicken!
4	This place is the real deal! I love little mom and pop restaurants like this. You can taste the quality and the freshness of the food and the price is super affordable for the amount of food they give you. I tried their garlic chicken and it was the best I've ever had, the skin was crispy even with the gravy on top, but the inside was tender and juicy. The only thing I don't really like about this place is that it's cash only, but luckily it's located in a casino so you can easily find an ATM. Looking forward to coming back next time I'm downtown!
5	This spot is where the crew goes for bfast but more like lunch because its vegas! Its a homestyle spot with all of Hawaii's best. The prices are a deal considering ppl would pay more in vegas and the portions are big. The loco moco is a hangover bfast definately hits the spot. Masubi is a great side. The best thing on the menu is the korean chicken! I can eat only korean chicken everyday for the rest of my life .. Game over!
5	If I have a craving for hamburger steak there's only one place that comes to mind... and I agree its Aloha specialities!  I usually have the hamburger steak and my lady gets the Korean chicken or saimin. No can wrong with anything plus they get boiled peanuts every now and than amd they are great!! The hamburger is nice an dense flavor is outrageous and taste like your eating a legit piece of steak! The gravy is mean and the mac salad is good. Home cooking that you get to taste and it is awesome! The saimin is so flavorful and brings me straight back home and the korean chicken also has good flavor. A little different as their korean chicken is boneless and I am used to drumsticks but no can complain as its easier to eat lol! Overall in my opinion this place has the best hamburger steak  plate in vegas! Loco mocos is winners too! All Hawaii people must give this place a try and give aloha kitchen one small kine break, aloha specialities is a must try!
2	2nd floor of the California Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas.  Reasonably priced for the portions you get.  Casual and friendly service.  Thing is that ... the food isn't very good.  :cCombo plates (I had the Teriyaki Chicken/Meat & Masubi) were sooooooo saltyyyyy/sweet!  Did I not order the right thing or what?  The Spam Masubi was so freaken salty it was hard to not eat all the rice that it came with.  The meat that was drenched in the teriyaki sauce was way toooooo sweet.... Everything was a little better after I added some Sriracha... but other than that, way too much salt / sweetness for my liking.  :cI think I may give this place another try if I had a rental car given how cheap the food was and all the good reviews.  But to walk / cab here from the Strip, nah ... probably not.  :c
4	Missing home (Hawaii)? Want saimin? Look no further. Every time I come to Vegas and stay downtown, I make a stop here for some local comfort food. This particular time, my family was stopping over on our way home after a weeklong vacation and I was craving some saimin. I was so excited and was not disappointed.Sometimes the lines can be long to order, but it usually moves. Once you order, you get a number and have a seat at one of the tables. The food is brought to you. So satisfying.I've gotten other food here, but mostly just get their saimin. It's a nice little bit of home while you're away.
4	We ordered a mixed plate and saimin. Portions are pretty generous.  Will come back again.
4	Who would have thought you could find this island gem in the middle of the Vegas desert? Aloha Specialties delivers on so many levels.  We opted for the Aloha Breakfast, Aloha Bento, small saimin and teriyaki salmon...and 4 Spam MUSUBI to go.  To feed a family of 4 was less than $45.For a person who can eat cups upon cups of rice, Aloha Specialties satisfied my starch hunger and fulfilled my daily intake in one sitting.The Aloha Bento was a plateful of rice, fish, hot dogs, chicken and beef teriyaki. The Aloha Breakfast contained a variety of meats including Spam and the ever popular luncheon meat. Only those with a taste for meat in a can will distinguish the subtle flavors between Spam and luncheon meat.  The small saimin was actually a medium in some ramen restaurants.  The salmon was probably the smallest of the dishes, but came with white rice and macaroni salad.The ambiance is great with 98% of the diners from Asia.In all I give them an A+++.Mahalo
4	This place still gets the same amount of stars since my last review, but I feel I need to talk about my last experience there.Unfortunately, it wasn't that great.  It wasn't the food.  The food was amazing as always.  And the service (once you do order your food) is pretty quick.  Honestly, turnaround here is pretty fast considering how many people they go through.No, my experience had to deal with customers.  And maybe there's something the restaurant can do about it.  The seating here is basically, seat yourself.  But with such a small seating area, and a line that is usually out the door, sometimes it may get a little hard to find a seat.  But as I said, turnaround is pretty quick at this restaurant, and usually it works out well where there can be a constant flow of customers without too much "I can't find a table to sit at" distress.However, on this past experience, the line was all the way to the escalator.  A party that had about 20 people decided to save seats when they were clearly at the end of the line, no where near ordering.  By the time we had ordered and gotten our food, we lucked out finding a place to sit, but alas, only 4 seats for 5 people.  We kindly asked these other customers if we could borrow a seat while they waited for the rest of their party to order, but they rudely declined.  Only after my friend asked a second time did they begrudgingly let us "borrow" a chair.  Long story short, we finished our food, and this party that had taken up 3-4 large tables still hadn't even ordered yet!What was most disheartening was that you could see older people start to look for tables to sit at, and there was no where for them to sit because of this large party.How to possibly fix this problem?  Possibly make it a courteous rule that you can't "reserve" a spot until you get your number/order your food.  That way, the people who are eating can actually sit down and eat.And of course, this doesn't happen all the time.  In this instance, it was really the customers who were rude.  But sometimes, it would be nice for the establishment to step in and let them know it's not cool to reserve that many spots when they clearly weren't even close to ordering yet.Overall, their food is still bomb, and it a Vegas trip really is complete with a trip to this place.  I won't let this one sour experience deter me.
5	I LOVE this place. great food & awesome people. great portions for the price--haven't found a single Hawaiian restaurant that I like better in Las Vegas OR San Diego.
4	Everything was very tasty. My wife and I cleaned up our plates and left satisfied.
4	Yes! I was happy and will be back again and again! Starting with very friendly service, the experience was a good one from the beginning. Located in the California Hotel on the upper level above the Casino, the Aloha Specialties Restaurant will be a place I visit for a comforting meal now and then. Both, my dinner buddy and I had the Teriyaki Salmon with White Rice and macaroni salad. We added a couple of over easy fried eggs and boom.. delicious! :) Easy ordering at the front counter from the cashier style system.. order, they give you a number, you choose a table, they bring you your food. The delivery was with a smile and was pretty fast. Food was generous in portion and flavors were great. For the two of us with both dinners and 2 bottles of water.. around $25 before tax. Not bad at all.. we were both full. So if you are in the area, and want some delicious grub, drop in to Aloha Specialties Restaurant! Happy Eating!
4	As a local from Hawaii, this is place is pretty good. I tried: Kalua pork and cabbageHamburger steakKorean chickenThe korean chicken was fantastic. Just alittle but of crunch on the skin of the chicken and just the right amount of spice. I've had better Hamburger steak, but it'll have to do. I wish there were more vegetables on the plateI've had waaaay better kalua pork. There isn't much flavor to it. The mac salad on all the plates was just like home in Hawaii. Just a dash of pepper and it was like being home. I really disliked the cash only deal. You're in a casino, people.
4	Solid saimin
3	I recently visited this place on Sunday Aug 31st with my family. It was the end of our 4-day vacation & I chose this place having cravings for some ono grindz. Of course the line was long, they only take cash, & the waiting period is a bit long. But that wasn't my issue. The waitress service was HORRIBLE! When you place your order, they give you a # for your table so the waitress will match with the order, right? So the waitress brings out what was my family's order but goes to a table next whom JUST sat down & they were a family of 10+ people so I KNEW that couldn't have been their order. Instead of the waitress making sure she had the right table, she starts passing out the 1st dish (loco moco) to that family. When she calls out the 2nd dish (another loco moco), no one ordered it. She THEN REALIZED "oh wrong table." She then comes over to my family & puts down all the food, minus my order of loco moco. When I ask her about it, she lightly brushes it off & says "its coming." Walks away. 15-20min later, she brings the other family's food, but STILL no loco moco. I held my patience long enough, I go up to the front & before I am able to talk to the head person, she comes & says their cooking it now. I told her off politely that it was her mistake & not mines & now I can't enjoy my meal with the rest of my family whom is already done with their food smh. So when my food was ready, instead of her bringing it, she sends the other waitress over with my food! No apology, no complimentary, something! I feel bad because the food is good but that one waitress is careless & can't own up to her mistake.The food was good besides that. My family enjoyed it being that they rarely eat Hawaiian dishes. I don't know if I'll come back again if I'm in the area..maybe I will but will make sure I won't get the same waitress..
3	Came here to have dinner three nights ago with my family. I was soooo excited because i saw great reviews for this place and im a local girl from Hawai'i so Hawaiian food is always on my mind when going somewhere to eat.I have to say i was disappointed after reading reviews then trying out the food. The teriyaki sauce was NOT good. I got the local plate. The spam musubi's was good but thats it. Also, they didnt have Poke which i was shocked after seeing pictures on here of poke. I'll get my hawaiian fix elsewhere. It was an experience though.
5	My Hawaiian family loves it here everytime my stepmom comes in off the road she's has a special place for them and I've grown more and more accustom to their kula pig great to go if your in town
2	I used to love this place, but the quality of the food has gotten pretty bad. The beef was super gristley and the silverware barely cut through the thin slice of meat. I usually always get saimen but decided to try something new. Chicken curry sounded great but was very disappointed when it took an hour to get my food...which was probably sitting in a pot on a stove ready to be served. This was definitely not the curry I was expecting, especially coming from a Hawaiian restaurant. This "curry" was more like a bland gravy with mushrooms and tons of onions. Every year my family amd I always eat here and its just not the same anymore. I'd rather eat at L&L.
4	Kinda late on this review but it's too yummy to not leave one! Important things: - it's located on the 2nd floor of California hotel- not sure how much parking costs but if you come late enough there's no charge - cash only! - prices: pretty cheap $8-$9 an entree - order & seat yourself kind of place Yummm we got the breakfast platter that included rice, luncheon meat, spam, and Portuguese sausage. All were soo yummy! Great place for breakfast! They also have lunch and dinner entrees. They give you a generous amount of rice and it's pretty authentic Hawaii food. They kind of take a while for the food to come out but we were a party of 7 so that might be why, overall not too long of a wait.  Overall, super yummy breakfast ! Great place for Hawaiian food :)
4	I have been going to this place since I was a kid, and no Vegas trip is complete without stopping here for a meal.Chicken and Steak bowls are under 4 dollars and are the best rice bowls I've ever had! The teriyaki sauce that they use is incomparable! Don't forget to ask for a side of the hot mustard to add a little more kick to the bowl!Macaroni Salad, Kim Chee, Ahi Poke, and Misubi are great choices also!I just feed a party of 6 for under $32, that's pretty amazing!
4	Oh em gee!  Where to begin!  For a former local who now lives in Vegas, this is the place to eat when one is missing the island flavors!  Much better than the L&Ls here in town.  The food at Aloha Specialties is so much more flavorful.  When it gets busy, though, be prepared to wait...both to order your food and for your order to come out.  They should open up another register so that the line to order food doesn't get so long and people don't get restless waiting to order...especially our kupuna.
2	First time I came to this place was a few years ago and the prices were CHEAP!! I think the ox tail soup special was $6-7 at the time. About 10 years ago. The last few times I've been here the portion is extremely small. Before they gave 7-8 decent size chunks but the last few times I got 3. Wtf is going on?? Also it's $9.99 now. The steak is even worse. For $6.99 it came with super oily and soggy fries. Let your fryer heat up before cooking fries!! The veggies are oily as well. The steak have a bunch of gristle and tendon. Also the service is always bad here. They would literally take your order and drop it off. They never come check up on you or even refill your drinks. I'm sticking to south point from now on for my grave yard specials. Steak is only $4.99 there and the burger special is $3.75
5	This place is phenomenal! Randomly located in the Cali casino, you know it's going to be good when it's packed. Staff was pleasant and efficient, and the food...oh the food! We got the aloha bento which is a combo platter of mahi-mahi, teriyaki chicken and beef, and a red hot dog over rice. Also, we got a bowl of Saimin, (noodles and pork in broth), a side of spam and kimchi. It was all amazing, we housed all of it like we hadn't eaten in days! Cheap for what you get. Oh yeah, CASH ONLY!
3	I ordered the Chicken and Tofu Saimin. I've never had saimin before so I didn't know what to expect. It looked like ramen but the noodle texture was a lot more tough as if it was not fully cooked all the way. The broth was good but salty. I ended up just drinking the soup and eating the chicken and tofu. This place is really out of the way since it's not on the strip. I probably will not be back. :(
4	Pretty good place for local food at a reasonable price. Like the korean chicken plate.
5	We had never eaten Hawaiian food before and we had a great experience here!  I wish I had the time to have gone back.Two complaints- One: too busy for staff to keep up.  We had to wait for quite a bit.  But the line NEVER ran out.  People kept coming!  Must be the food that keeps them coming back instead of the speedy delivery.  Two: you should have pictures of what the menu items are.  There is no way a new customer knows what to order!  I saw some great dishes on other tables that I realllllly wish I had ordered.  But I was clueless.  So research Hawaiian dishes before you go I guess.The food was delicious though.  Very good.
3	Went there for breakfast and I had the Aloha Breakfast Special! Was really satisfied with the combination of luncheon meat, portuguese sausage, and spam! The rice portions were generous all around and the meal was satisfying. Got to taste the loco moco and mac salad, both of which were decent but not the best. Mac salad was a little sour not in the spoiled way but just in taste and the loco moco gravy wasn't that rich deep gravy that you'd expect out of a loco moco. Overall great place to have a nice quick bite of Hawaiian food, espcially breakfast! Sweet bread toast A++!
5	Get like 20 spam masubis.
5	So since we got here there has been a line out the door, so you know it good. I love places that our 100% authentic. The servers and the cooks are all Hawaiian, and the line of people out the door, they're Hawaiian also. I got my staple loco moco and the Korean chicken, best I ever had! This place is awesome.
3	Market street is a local favorite for graveyard specials and around the clock cafe/diner fare with a Hawaiian/Island twist. They serve the typical breakfast foods while offering other non-traditional breakfast meats like Tocino, Portuguese sausage, and spam.They have graveyard specials at 11:00p like oxtail soup, chicken fingers with fries for $5, and other goodies.I like getting their chili with rice, one of their souls with noodles and meat, or one of the above mentioned breakfast meats with rice and eggs. I also love their oxtail soup the portion is large and the broth is so flavorful.Service is friendly but the servers are always so busy as the place usually has a line. Be prepared to ask for everything you need as soon as possible. I usually don't see anyone after our food is set down.The price is right, the non-traditional Asian items are welcome, and the service with a smile are why I frequent this establishment over other cafes and diners.
4	We were downtown with our friends and went to get our free picture with the Million Dollar display at Binions so while we were waiting, we hopped on over to the California Hotel to have a quick snack at Aloha Specialties.  It is a cozy little place to hang out and have a meal and you look at the menu on the wall and order and then they give you a number and bring the food to you.  Prices are reasonable, portions are hardy and food is tasty.  However, the service was slow.  We ordered chicken and tofu saimin, curry chicken over rice, large saimin with vegetables, small saimin.  Don't go there if you are in a hurry.  Service is on Hawaiian time.  Another thing is they only take cash so bring money!
4	Wow, this place has really good local style food. It would do well in Hilo due to the amount of food and cheap prices.  Kim chee saimin and a flash(chix/beef) bowl with 2 drinks only $15 total!
1	This was the most disturbingly bland meal. Yuck.
4	Growing up in Hawaii, I am VERY particular about my hawaiian food.  I must say, Aloha Specialties hits the spot!  I'm in love with their korean chicken!  Very well marinated, a little kick to it and very juicy! Their Saimin is sooooo good also!  I love the noodles in their saimin.. slightly firm but perfect chewiness to it. Their breakfast plate (Portuguese Sausage Eggs and Rice)... so yummy!  You cant go wrong with Portuguese sausage eggs and rice, ever!  I can do without their Teri beef burger... I dont feel its authentic enough (its a beef patty with sauce thrown on it. No Thanks).   Their portions are relatively generous... so you'll definitely be satisfied!  Staff is friendly, giving it that "home" feeling.  Keep in mind that this is a cash only venue.
5	Fu**ing the Bomb!! Taste just like it does Oahu! It reminds you of being there and the people are just as friendly.
5	I love you Yelp. We wouldn't have been able to find this place without you. It's worth the drive to downtown that's for sure. Parking is $5 upfront at the lot of California Hotel. The restaurant is inside of California Hotel. Take your parking recipe and dining receipt to the cashier inside the hotel to get your $5 back. Food was amazing. Never been to Hawaii but hope the food is just as good as here. Spam from a can will never taste the same again. Thanks for the experience and will come back soon.
1	food not hot, no flavor. people were nice.
5	Holy moley where do I start? I absolutely love this place. I have had everything on the menu at least once and have a few choice favorites. Although I reserve  a special place in my heart/tummy for the Kimchi Saimin. Do yourself a favor and order it. Don't forget to get the spicy mustard on the side too. Also... If you are anything like me,  don't wear a scarf while eating it. You'll find random noodles later.
4	Lovely place in Las Vegas. Good option if, like me, you want to eat something else than american burgers. Hawaiian food is very good and this place is not expensive at all.
3	FOR THE LOVE OF GOD BRING CASH TO THIS PLACE. To get cash in this casino takes longer than booking an airline flight. The food is decent - I had the local combo plate which included spam musubi - but they could use more staff to keep up with the orders. That being said the place is popular (all the tables were full) and it's different than the standard tourist fare on Fremont Street.
5	You wouldn't expect this Hawaiian restaurant on the 2nd floor of a casino to have amazing food..... But it's amazing! The cheeseburger was so savory and juicy! I wanted to get more. I was originally upset I couldn't get fries with my burger but the macaroni salad is a perfect palette pleaser to accompany the burger. My friends orders the Flash Bowl, with chicken and beef (teriyaki on rice) and is was also sweet and delicious! The place is spacious and a nice calm getaway from the Vegas Fremont, just a block away. They only thing is that they only take cash!
5	When I was told we would be getting Hawaiian food.. in Vegas.. I can admit, I was a bit skeptical.  And when we arrived there was this humongous line and I was like.. ugh... I'm so hungry, can we go somewhere else?  It took a little over an hour to get through the line, and I can admit, it was absolutely worth it!Prices here are soo reasonable, I think we paid about $65 for four people, we all got a main entree plate and got an additional two saiman and an order of ahi poke and a few drinks.  Ahh.. ahi poke.. I only wish one thing:  that I ordered more!  But the sad truth to it all, is that at the end of it, we didn't even finish the saiman, we were THAT full (and this was not without lack of trying).The only thing I will warn is this.. the local plate comes with spam musubi (in which there is a nice chunk of rice inside the seaweed) it DOES NOT come with additional rice for the teriyaki beef/chicken.  If you order a side order of rice, you will not need it all, you can probably split it with a friend (we ordered two sides after the fact and it was toooo much rice, my sister didn't even finish her spam musubis!).  Bento plate is essentially the same plate except the spam is served next to a giant bed of the rice (and no seaweed) with the teriyaki meats.  I could have probably shared the rice on my plate and no one would have had to order extra.  The last thing ordered was the Aloha plate.. all I can say is, no one had any complaints.  Everything was delicious!  We would have finished the saiman.. if only, we had, more room in our bellies!Now I can see why this place is so popular.  Definitely worth the hour wait, and the line never ended.  The only thing we were sad about was things slowly started disappearing off the menu (sold out) as we got to the front.. literally, they ran out of garlic chicken right before we reached the order window (darnit!).  To be fair, we did hit the register around 8:30pm and that was close to closing time.  I don't know if this place could go any faster, there is one lady working the orders, one guy expediting orders, and he helps serve along with another girl, and the kitchen seemed to be cranking out orders as quick as they possibly could.  Everything was fresh and tasty (can't complain). The staff was nice, which is always a plus in such a hectic kitchen.We will definitely will be back if I'm down by the Californian the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	THE spot in Vegas for local Hawaiian food. A trip to Las Vegas just isn't complete without a stop for a bowl of saimin and an order of spam musubi.There is always a wait to order and the line is horrendous. You'll have at least 20 minutes to look around and stare at the menu on the wall while you're in line.Definitely order a bowl of the traditional Hawaiian favorite - saimin and add some wontons to it. It's a good size bowl that might be large enough to split if you're ordering a few spam musubi.I also tried the chicken teriyaki bowl. A mix of dark meat and chicken breast with its crispy chicken skin covered in a light glaze. A solid, familiar choice in a menu full of comfort food.Reasonably priced, located in downtown at the California Hotel on the second floor. Oh, and it's CASH ONLY!
