5	Woo Hoo! A sit down all vegan dinner place in the Queen City!! Charlie and Roy couldn't be nicer owners, both came over to chat and check in on our meal. I'm rooting for these guys and hope Bean becomes a Charlotte landmark in the near future. The Jack Fruit Tacos -um, yum. So so so tasty. Mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy, just like I make at home. I'm not a huge fan of the mac n cheeze but us vegans are kinda snobby about one's preferred mac. The service was excellent, adequate seating and no problemo to get to even on busy Independence. Bean just opened so menu is a bit limited, currently no liquor license and I'm sure there's a few kinks to work out (we didn't experience any) but for the first full week - things are looking great. I can't wait to update this once the full menu is up and running.
4	Wife and I had dinner there and loved it. She had the veggie burger with salted potatoes. I had jackfruit(texture and body of oyster mushrooms) tacos, the best kale ever, and rosemary beans. Well prepared and simply presented. Comfortable like only East Charlotte can be, think Lupie's Cafe or Crazy Fish. Forget an vegan hang ups. We will eat here often. This is just good food.
4	I have eaten at Bean twice now. Sure, it's a little expensive. My first meal, which was the meatloaf, didn't impress me for the price. However, that was within the first couple days that they were open. But my second trip did impress me a lot. That time, I ordered the Reuben sandwich and fried pickles as an appetizer. Everything tasted incredibly good. At this time, they are still working with a scaled down version of their proposed menu. I can't wait to try more variety when they offer it. I wish I could give them 5 stars for this review. The decor is spartan but the staff are all super friendly. Their prices are a bit high and my first trip didn't impress my taste buds too much. However, they made up for it on the second trip. Keep up the good work and I may have to write an even more flattering follow-up review. I see so much potential in this restaurant. Personally, I think it will become a local treasure.
3	3.4 stars. i ordered the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. While the 'meatloaf' appearance frightened me a little at first, i ended up eating almost the entire thing, so it must have been pretty good. The mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy were pretty good. The mac and cheese was not my favorite and next time i'll probably go for some veggies as my side.Overall, i was not blown away by my food or the vibe. For some reason the atmosphere felt too much like what must have once been a Mexican restaurant with the tables and chairs leaving me with a strong desire for booths. While i did like the original art on the wall near our table, maybe it was the floor or ceilings that didn't give it the feel i expected?  Or maybe it was just because it was actually a large space? However, the bar/counter side looked more appealing near the windows, although the curtains were pretty dreary. i look forward to their progression, real menus, and did i hear something about a liquor license (seriously, did i make that up?)?  Definitely will be back and will probably go with my usual order of something covered in buffalo sauce.
4	Forget that Bean is vegan. It's just delicious food served in a comfortable place. My only experience with Jackfruit previously was an ex-girlfriend that was eating dried chips of it she fell in love with on a trip to Thailand. Our helpful waitress explained that Jackfruit has two different textures depending on how ripe it is. That is Jackfruit is meaty and perfect for shredding when unripe and is slightly sweet when fully ripe. When I say helpful waitress I really mean it. This visit was with a friend of mine with gluten & other food allergies. The waitress helpfully answered questions of what would be safe for my friend and what the cooks could do to change up what items. We ended up both ordering the Jackfruit Tacos, with slight modifications to my friends order.When our food arrived and I had my first bite I was an instant convert. The jackfruit tacos were amazing just a wonderful spicing and such texture. The only clue I wasn't having carnitas was just a little hint of missing umami. Even then so many flavors were in this dish it is the number one thing you should order. I capped my my meal off with a peanut butter cupcake with chocolate icing that was also delicious.Lest this review be one sided I went back for dinner a week later. This time I ordered the buffalo tofu finger with side orders of zucchini & kale. The sauce that came with it was almost a tzatziki but it paired well with the buffalo sauce that was spicey but not overly so and most importantly not oily. The only downside to this experience is their sweet tea isn't very sweet. However, they have have sugar in the raw & sweet n' low if you prefer your beverage equine fatal.
4	Great food, nice people, the only reason I didn't give it a higher rating is that the interior could use some fine tuning.  :)
5	I'm so happy about Bean! I came here for the first time yesterday and I'm totally coming back again tonight, ha! So, I have to admit I was skeptical about the location, it's on an extremely busy part of independence and the exterior is not exactly easy on the eyes.... but don't let that fool you. First off, I was very impressed with how neat and clean Bean is inside. It could definitely use a little more decorating sense, but how sparkling clean the restaurant is (especially being an older building) was impressive. Since bean is new, the menu is somewhat small, but you will no doubt find something you love. I ordered the Tofu Fingers Sandwich, which is the vegan version of a chicken fingers sandwich. You get the choose between 3 different flavors: bbq, buffalo, southern style. I chose the buffalo, which I loved. My boyfriend ordered the bbq style and added slaw, it was equally as yummy. The sandwich is $8.50 and includes a side. I chose the Northern Beans with Rosemary, soooo yummy. Slow cooked and full of flavor. My boyfriend ordered the grilled zucchini. Fresh, hot off the grill, and perfectly seasoned. Bean is the perfect spot for comfort food for vegans, vegetarians, and omnivores alike!EDIT: I can't stop coming here and ordering the BEAN BOWL with EXTRA KALE and SOY BBQ. I'm obsessed and it's the healthiest obsession I've ever had! OMG! Jasmine rice, steamed kale, red beans, soy bbq curls, and vegan ranch... perfection!
4	I am a meat eater, but I have learned that relationships are all about compromises. I also try to keep my eyes open to all kinds of cuisines, so when my girlfriend suggested going to bean, I was all for trying something new. What I did not expect, was having the best ruben in my life! And meatless?!!! The menu here is great. Covers all aspects. The people are friendly, and the prices are good. 5 Stars for sure.
4	Up to 3.9 stars. Went back and this time tried the Jalapeno cheddar burger and it was delicious. For my side, the grilled zucchini was awesome as well. The queso dip appetizer was pretty good, could have used a little more kick for my liking. The rest of the table were unimpressed with the mashed potatoes, but overall very satisfied with their meals (tacos and a few variety of buffalo tofu items).  Service was a tad slow to get the food, get the check, etc, but friendly. The only other downside as of now is the lackluster beer choices. However, it's a good place to grab some vegan grub if you choose wisely.
4	I want this restaurant to thrive. They cater to vegans and offer some great selections (not to be confused with all healthy options, mind you!). I've been here twice now. My lunch included their version of a Big Mac, which was delicious. Again, not healthy, but my side of veggies with hardly any noticeable oil or "butter" was most definitely healthy. I splurged on their chocolate/caramel dessert. It was good but pricey.My second visit on a Friday night with my husband, resulted in really good food again. His salad was loaded with fruits and veggies and came with an awesome dressing. My jackfruit tacos were a nice surprise and now I'm looking to try jackfruit at home too. We shared a ginger cookie, whipped cream dessert, which was a good ending to our meal.The drawbacks are hard to overlook... the location is completely out of place and is only accessible going into town on the crazy Highway 74. The restaurant itself is so plain inside & out. So plain it's a bit of a turnoff to those who might not be drawn in by their specific food offerings.I understand they recently got their liquor license, but I'll be surprised if that drastically increases traffic. They were noticeably uncrowded on a Friday night, pre-alcohol sales. The location & interior isn't a place I'd go out of my way to get a drink at. I'm simply there for the food.Move this concept (and chefs!) to a more central, appealing, convenient location and I think they would be far more successful. I, for one, would be ready & willing to dine here more often to support this local business.
4	I hadn't heard of jackfruit prior to dining at Bean. I still don't really know what it is, but it is an incredible meat substitute and the texture is amazing! I ordered the BBQ sandwich and I'm sure the jackfruit could have fooled a carnivore. My side of grilled zucchini was perfectly cooked and seasoned. My husband ordered the vegan reuben and wasn't as impressed with that meat substitute, he really liked my sandwich better. I'm looking forward to trying the jackfruit tacos when I'm in the Charlotte area and I have a larger appetite. Their vegan desserts look tasty too.
4	Want to trick your brain into thinking you're eating something healthy? Try Bean. I'm not a vegetarian, but I appreciate what vegetarian restaurants are doing with menus that don't solely offer salads. For my first time, I tried something safe, like a veggie burger, something they call a Good Burger (2 Burger Patties, special sauce, lettuce, Daiya Shreds, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun). If you are a McD's fan, then you will love it. It tastes a lot like a Big Mac. It's so good, you don't even miss the meat. With a reasonably priced menu with nothing over $12, I'm looking forward to a return visit. The voyage there is another story. It's a dicey location off of Independence Blvd but any attempts at risking life and limb are greatly rewarded.  What else can I say about this place but Bean there, done that...and loved every minute!
5	Best vegan rubin sandwich in Charlotte! In fact, Bean has so many awesome menu items it often makes it hard to choose just one (or two). The mashed potatoes and kale are my favorite side items (so far). However there are many delicious side I have yet to try.Bean is a great place for omnivores and herbivores to enjoy a delicious meal together. There is plenty of seating, a bar, and of course drinks. Though one thing they do need to improve on is their beer selection, they do offer a nice list of vegan wines.
4	Great experience at the Bean yesterday. If you go you MUST have the buffalo fingers. They are delicious! I could have eaten 2 orders of them. I had the jackfruit tacos and they were very good. Who knew that you could use jackfruit as a meat substitute? Bean does and they do it right. Wife had the bacon cheeseburger and she seemed to like it. The mock bacon on her burger tastes exactly like what I remember bacon tasting like (its been 7 years). My wife and I got the mac n cheese as a side (i know...I picked a weird side for my tacos, but hey...it's vegan mac n cheese) and we both did not really like it. It was too nutritional yeasty tasting for us.The service was GREAT. Our server who was new (2 weeks working there...sorry we don't know his name), was very knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful with the decision process. Also, our food came out in MINUTES. So quick we were shocked and pleased.Also, a really nice guy that we assume may be the owner came out as we were finishing to make sure we were happy. Nice touch.Great experience, great service,and great food.
4	Like Cara C. I really want this restaurant to do well, and here's why: it's run by people who really believe in what they do, even though they may not have restaurant experience.  (One of the owners used to be a bail bondsman in a former life!)Bean isn't much to look at from the outside, or the inside for that matter, but what they lack on the surface, they make up in heart and effort. Note: I'm not vegan and have had very little experience with vegan food. Food: A group of us went to Bean on a Saturday night, and tried a bunch of different dishes.  The appetizers of buffalo wings wasn't very buffalo-tasting, but came with a cool dipping sauce and celery. The sweet potato nachos were more like sweet potato fries with "sour cream" and "queso" drizzle and out of the two, we thought this was the winner. Meatloaf: a bit spongy but the mushroom gravy made the dish hearty, and the grilled zucchini has a strong grilled/smokiness.  Big plus. The new side of the day was this tater-tot casserole, which had vegan sausage in it, and everyone around me thought it was the best thing we ate all night. Tacos: This restaurant uses jackfruit in the tacos instead of tofu of seitan, and it's a nice alternative.  Think, the consistency of a firm mushroom, but not mushroomy. FYI: Juicyfruit gum is jackfruit flavored!  We learned this from our server!The desserts were excellent.  Don't get me wrong, their pumpkin cheesecake, carrot cake cupcake, chocolate pie are not like regular baked goods with butter and eggs...but given they're vegan, I found them enjoyable.  (The pumpkin cheesecake was the winner of the evening.)Bottom line, Bean does a nice job, and very affordable.  An iced tea,  main dish and dessert cost me just under $20. If they can dial up the flavor on some items, and tweak some recipes, I see the restaurant sticking around for a long time.
5	After living in Asheville for a while I was spolied by amazing vegan options. While in town waiting to fly out and visiting my family. I finally got to experience this new vegan resteraunt. The meal was a bit greasy but AWESOME!!  I had a veggie burger with jalapenos and a great cheese substitute. I generally would skip a veggie burger since it is such a staple when you go out and are stuck deciding between a VB or salad. After the waitress suggested getting it. I gave it a try and was extremely impressed. This is Charlotte's Rosetta's Kitchen. This place is well worth stopping in. The only complaint is the location. Not where I would look for a great vegan place and not the best looking outside but don't go by the outside.
5	On my last review, I gave Bean 4 stars because they just opened and I had only ate there twice and tried two dishes. Now, I have been there at least a dozen times and have tried most of the menu. They are improving. Short review: they now get 5 stars!They now have a full menu and the food is about as good as vegan food can get. No, it still won't fool a meat eater. But that's not a bad thing. Their foods taste so good and conjure up your favorite dishes, but without the negative effects (remember getting real meat stuck in your teeth? Yuck). They have taken all the good qualities of traditional American dishes and applied them to vegan dishes.Try them for yourself with an open mind. My personal favorites are the bacon cheeseburger, Reuben and fried pickles. Writing this review has made me craving Bean. They aren't open now. Arrrgh.
2	Food was below par. Living California I know what vegan food should taste like. I had the meatless meatloaf and the flavor was off and the seasoning was very plain. I would expect some sort of black bean meatloaf but it was some sort of sponge like substance. The waitress was new but nice. The decor of the place felt like a mix of a high school cafeteria and a BBQ house. I would like to see more fresh vegetables and fresh seasonings and herbs.  Nice people but chef was lacking in The proper skills for good vegan cuisine.
4	The only major complaint I have is the location as far as access. If you're coming from Uptown, Bean is located on the other side of E. Indy so you'll have to pass it on your left and take the next exit to make a loopty loop to hit it. Food is good and fairly priced for being all vegan. I went with their fried pickles for apps. Served with their homemade ranch dressing and for my entree I went with their Crabbie Patty sandwich served with their version of A Thousand Island dressing. Their fried pickles were little on the greasy side than I'd prefer but hey, it's southern style so I guess it's expected. Crabbie Patty was great and filling. Staff is friendly, good service and knowledgeable. I will definitely come back for more.
3	Food is pretty good however it would be nice if they had some healthier options on the menu. The inside of the restaurant needs some major work. Location not great, would probably do better if it was not on Independence Blvd. Overall, if you are a vegetarian interested in HEALTH, this is not the best option as a lot of the options are deep fried and I would suggest getting takeout instead of eating in the restaurant as the atmosphere is not great.
4	Wow. Can't believe that it took this long to check out Bean! Some may be a little deterred by the idea of veganism, but chef really puts an end to that debacle. The flavors here are incredible, innovative, thoughtful, and really fun. We came in on a Saturday afternoon and pretty much every table in the main dining area was full. We sat immediately, however, and worked our way up and down the menu. The service was friendly and very helpful with some of the items I was unfamiliar with. We placed our order and had a chance to just hang out whilst waiting. It did take a while to get our food, but chef was the only person in the kitchen and seriously putting in some hustle. Fun to watch! Our food came. DELICIOUS. I ordered the Buffalo Bean Bowl -- rice, kidney beans, kale, vegan ranch, and tofu coated in buffalo sauce. It was magic. So flavorful and all of the spices swirled around magnificently. We also ordered a side of the northern white beans, more kale, and braised cabbage. All were perfect. It's so nice when fresh veggies are flavorful in their own right and not slathered with butter or some bogus sauce. Chef really puts time into making each item flavorful. My wife ordered the seitan burger sans bun. It was wonderfully smoky and hearty. Each of our plates came with a banana nut muffin. Holy cow! Those things are amazing! No dairy whatsoever. We were stuffed. So much food and both of us dined for less than $30. Where I love the food and the staff, I think the ambiance is a little droll. Think their still working on the space and trying to liven it up a bit. Some simple decor would be great. Also, the men's room is a little dingy. Not a huge deal, but think it just lends itself to being a dated building off of Independence. Though a bit difficult to get into (hyperspeed traffic on Independence Blvd), it's totally worth it. I can't wait to go back.
5	Bean is such a necessary addition to Charlotte's predominantly sub-standard restaurant landscape. Their menu is a triumph of mouth watering fare. Bean boasts a cozy L-shaped dining room with a classic bar that is staffed with good, friendly people. Nicholas was our server for the evening. He was very friendly, casually dressed, and obviously loves repping a seriously great restaurant. I had the bacon cheeseburger with mac & cheese and sweetened iced tea. My first bite into that veggie burger informed me of the genius that went on in the kitchen as my eyes bugged out. Dessert was this ridiculously rich chocolate cake. The tea wasn't as sweet as I prefer, but that is such a minor complaint when everything else hit the mark.
4	I agree with many of the other posters. This food is delicious! The owners definitely have passion for what they do. It did take awhile for our food to arrive. The building is outdated, lackluster and inconveniently located. The owners/employees are helpful, patient, friendly.  And while the owners have more passion for vegan cuisine than a focus on getting customers in and out quickly, I believe that is more an issue of being short-handed, which, on the budget of a new non-chain, small business is probably necessary for Bean to even exist, for the time being. Having lived in California (born and raised), Oregon and Colorado I was spoiled by all kinds of vegetarian dining options. When I first moved to Charlotte, I believe I cried after realizing I walked the entire Uptown area in about ten minutes (Toto, we're not in San Francisco anymore!). Going out to eat always involved being asked "Smoking or Non?". And vegetarian restaurants, vegan food, raw food... a dream. Things change. And Bean is a wonderful beacon for Charlotte. Makes me want to ask "What next?!" with childhood enthusiasm. Charlotte, you're hot!Here's to your health! PS I had the Reuben. Very flavorful! The navy beans were delicate and delicious. The chocolate cake- More please! I am definitely visiting again. This time with my meat-eating husband who, I am confident, will not become vegan (EVER!) but will enjoy the meals here very much.
5	My grinch heart always grows three sizes when I find a place that serves tasty, affordable vegan diner food. I've been vegan for six years and for a while had limited options when I returned to my home town of Charlotte, but now I have Bean! My entire family (carnivores included) loves Bean. I had the tofu finger sandwich buffalo style, which was delicious, and we all split the fried pickles with vegan ranch on the side. We also split the blueberry cheesecake for dessert-- it was divine, and had no weird silken tofu aftertaste. Kind, helpful waitstaff, too. Will definitely return!
4	Tofu, Jackfruit, and "cheesish" are words you will find on the menu at this place.  Don't let that steer you away! The food here is awesome!!!I'm not vegan, but I LOVE the food at Bean!  The chili is amazing, the grilled "cheese" is super flavorful, and the veggie sides are all delicious.  My current favorite is white beans.  They're creamy and perfectly seasoned.  I've had a burger here, too.  It was awesome!Don't go here expecting great decor.  The place is clean, but as another poster said, they're a small local business trying to make it work.  The decor is a work in progress.  The staff are really awesome people, and the owner is the chef and can commonly be found in the kitchen working his magic.Give this place a try.  I can't imagine anyone leaving disappointed.
4	Great restaurant for vegans and non vegans alike! I am a new vegan myself and I was super excited to try this restaurant! I took my sister and my best friend there for dinner last night and although neither one are vegan they loved the food! We started with the buffalo tofu fingers which were delicious! Followed by two portobello specials and a bacon burger and we were all satisfied! The food was hot, fresh, and fast and they both agreed that they would enjoy coming back to the restaurant with me (: The only reason the restaurant doesn't get five stars is because of the location /:
2	We weren't very impressed with Bean. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, and I feel if you are going to go specialize in Vegan cooking, your Vegan items should be better than restaurants that don't serve vegan food. The staff was very friendly and helpful, but everything else was lacking. We got a veggie burger, and it was small and average tasting. I've had better veggie burgers at Ruby Tuesday, and I hate that place. The side dishes were just things you could make at home. They tasted fine. We also had our order come out wrong. We were the only one's in the restaurant and ordered 1 thing, and we waited a while for it, so this was disappointing. They fixed it fast and were very nice. But, maybe we caught them on a bad day, everyone has bad days.
3	Bean is a really great place to have a good vegan meal.  Tonight I had the buffalo tofu strips with a side of braised cabbage and Northern Beans seasoned with rosemary.  Everything was good and the staff was friendly and was able to explain some items on the menu that I was unfamiliar with.I didn't think the atmosphere was too bad, it's an individually owned and operated restaurant that's trying to make a mark and you have to appreciate that!  You can't beat the prices and the menu has quite a bit of selections.  Try this place out!
4	I can't remember if I reviewed the Bean, and if not- i'll be glad to do it again :) I've been trying to find more vegan restaurants in Charlotte- something different and not too overly pricey. I saw the Bean randomly while on Independence and laughed b/c I got a kick out of the name. Weeks later I thought I'd give it a try.....So glad I did. The menu is tasty- and very different. I had seen mixed reviews on the beer and wine (or if they served it) and indeed they do serve both. I hope to see more selection of (in particular) beers, but the Shock Top hit the spot. I decided to try the Jack Fruit Tacos- DELISH! The blending of flavors was excellent. A few of my friends tried some other options- like the "bacon" Cheeseburger and the "wings"- both delish. It's definitely in an odd spot and a 'destination' spot, but don't be fooled by the location....it's a great restaurant to try! Our server was polite and attentive. A tad $$$ for the servings- I can't say it will be a regular spot for me, but will make it a special occasion spot. Try it out!
4	My friend and I visited Bean on a Saturday night around 6:30pm. There was a small crowd of people which seemed to get busier as the night went on. The service was great and the meal didn't take too long which I had previously heard was sometimes slow since there is only one person cooking. My friend and I shared the special, the firecracker bowl, which featured spicy tofu, rice, beans, vegan cheese, kale and fried jalapenos. It was large and we had leftovers even with the two of us eating off of it. We also shared the jackfruit tacos. They tasted similarly to fish tacos. Also a very good choice. We decided on the mashed potatoes with gravy and tator tot casserole. Both excellent sides. I most likely could eat an entire meal of the tator tot casserole although it's not offered as a meal. Next time I may just order 3 small bowls of it because it's that good! The strawberry cheesecake was a nice way to end the meal. They had lots of dessert choices and many chocolate options as well. I was very full and really didn't need dessert but clearly that didn't stop me. We will be back. Thanks Bean.
2	Just okay vegetarian/vegan joint. I was disappointed with the atmosphere and for it being a veggie place it was quite greasy overall. I'd recommend it for a casual healthy-ish lunch.
5	Long overdue review of Bean. I went here with my toddler a few months ago--wasn't sure how we would be received, but turns out this place is very kid-friendly and has excellent service. Great children's menu, and I ended up going with a plate of veggie sides for her. Despite the positive jackfruit reviews, I decided to try the Jalapeno Cheeseburger: ding ding ding!! We have a winner folks. This burger is dee-licious. So much so, that my toddler took it from me (sans jalapenos) and munched on it exclusively instead of her sides. I also ended up purchasing another cheeseburger to go to bring to my husband. I've come back to Bean a few times since then, but always get the Jalapeno Cheeseburger because it really is that good. My only nits for this place is that their kale side needs something more (like sesame oil) to give it a kick, and I wasn't a fan of the nutritional yeast flake Mac and Cheese, although my former-vegan husband claims it is delicious (acquired NYF taste, I guess). But, for the main meal, the jalapeno cheeseburger is not to be missed.
5	A hidden vegetarian gem in Charlotte, NC. If you are in the area def stop in, I know I will next time in town.
5	My band is a very outspoken vegetarian/vegan band and were playing a show in Charlotte on Saturday, we stopped in at Bean with one of our friends from the area and were met with incredibly friendly and attentive staff who suggested a few different menu items for us to try. Everyone in our party loved out meals, appetizers, hell, even the coffee was fantastic. Being 800 miles from home and getting a meal that was by far better than the vegan restaurants at home. I had the fried tofu fingers and the pulled BBQ sandwich. Just fantastic. One of my friends had the fried pickles with his meal, being that I'm not a pickle fan, I tried one, I don't think I've ever had one that tasty. Kudos, Bean. Now if we could only franchise you up in New England!
4	Great food!
4	The service has begun to be a bit faster. My husband tried Bean- he is after all the ultimate veggie-food litmus test- and... drumroll... HE LIKED IT! Try the salt potatoes. They are incredible. So buttery and salty. They almost melt in your mouth. I dream about them.
5	Don't judge the surroundings: eat here, and have a fantastic vegan meal! Our group of four (not all vegans) tried multiple menu items and liked all of them.
2	Hmmm....we really wanted to like this place but were pretty disappointed. Service was friendly but sloooow. Food was just not very good overall. We started with the Queso Dip which was actually pretty tasty. I was disappointed wih the fact that the chips were obviously store bought (or vendor, as the case may be) but my wife later pointed out that the reason for that was likely to retain the "gluten free" claim on that dish, as the menu does have some fried items that are not gluten free, so there would be a cross contamination from the fryer. OK, I'll let them slide on that. We then shared a salad with their "crabby salad", made from jack fruit, and a rice bowl with their soy pulled BBQ. Both were more sweet than savory and we didn't really care for either. We felt like we could have easily made either dish better at home, to be honest. There just wasn't much finesse in the preperation of either dish. Both seemed just sort of thrown together...not the kind of composed dishes that you hope for when you dine out. I should mention that my wife is temporarily on a gluton and dairy free diet, which why we chose to dine here. I have tried to also adhere to that diet as much as possible, in order to support my wife, figuring it sure couldn't hurt...sounds healthy! Unfortunately, we didn't really feel like we ate all that healthy there, mostly due to the sweetness of the dishes.
4	Took my daughter here last week for dinner. This was my first time at a vegan restaurant. What a fantastic experience! My daughter, a vegetarian, was so excited to look at a menu that she could choose anything from! She had the bacon cheeseburger and sweet potato fries. Me, I'm a straight up meat eater, so I tried the reuben sandwich with a side of mash potatoes. Wow, I was really impressed with the flavor and texture of the reuben. The mash potatoes were ok but I really liked the sweet potato fries. We also had a dessert. I think it was called the Kitty Kat something. Chocolate, peanut butter and wafers, yep, it was damn tasty!! So, after this, am I going vegan? No, but I am now a fan!!
5	Bean automatically gets 5 stars for being an all vegan restaurant that serves all the traditional non-vegan foods that I miss. They have modified versions of so many of my old favorites: buffalo fried tofu fingers, creamy ranch dressing, delicious veggie burgers, house made vegan cheeses, and amazing desserts. My husband and I stopped here for Sunday brunch and I was impressed with their brunch offerings. We started with the cheese plate and opted for the smoked cheddar, brie, and pepperjack. All were good but the brie took home the winning prize. I also had the chicken fried tofu and waffles. Wow was it tasty! They always have a long list of daily desserts and I don't recommend leaving until you've tried the kitty kat cake. Their description is it's like a kit kat bar in pie form.Even though it's all plant-based, a lot of meals have fried components so it's not really the healthiest. I like to come here when I feel like I deserve a true American indulgent meal. We've also tested Bean out on some of our non-vegan friends and they all gave it a thumbs up. Bean currently ties for my favorite vegan place in Charlotte.
4	We really enjoyed our meal! We shared the queso (it was just ok to me but my husband really liked it). My husband ordered the Reuben (very rich!) and I had the tacos. Our sides were collard greens (the best part of my meal!), tater tot casserole, and grilled zucchini. All of it came out in a very timely manner (I don't know what the problem was for the other reviewers). We had an appetizer, 2 entrees, lemonade and water and out tab was $31. Friendly staff. Comfortable dining space. We'll be back!!
5	We've been wanting to try out Bean for awhile now since we've seen it driving 60 mph down Independence Blvd.  (I know what you're thinking: 60 mph down Independence?  What a joke.  It's actually more like 6 mph.  On a good day.) Let's face it.  I'm never going to stop eating meat.  I don't overdo it, but I do like it.  Similarly, a few times a week, I do try to eat a veggie-only meal or three.  We had previously tried Fern in Charlotte and, while the food and service were good, it was quite pricey for a non-meat meal and the options seemed limited.  This past Sunday evening, we finally decided was when we'd give Bean a try.  Bean doesn't have the "date night" or "night out on the town" ambiance and decor that you'd want for a Friday or Saturday night dining experience, but it does have that weekday evening or lunch feel to it.  So, for us, Sunday evening was just as good.  We were relieved there were other people there dining besides us and were actually surprised at how much nicer the interior was than I expected (from the photos I've seen posted on Yelp).  Almost every table is a window table, and there's also a very long bar with stools where you can watch TV or enjoy looking at the posed superhero action figures on the shelf (woot woot!).  The next thing that I was pleasantly surprised to find was the number of choices on the menu!  There were apps, salads, sandwiches, and entrees.  And all of them were very affordable, even for dinner, making this a restaurant that you could come back to over and over again and it wouldn't blow your budget.  So many options sounded good, but for my first dining experience at Bean, I went with the Buffalo Tofu Finger Sandwich.  There were lots of Buffalo sauce-coated fingers and plenty of toppings.  Tastes like chicken!  The vegan Ranch dressing that came with it was very delicious, too.  It was similar to regular Ranch but possibly even better because of it's distinctly different flavor.  The sandwiches come with a side (there's a variety of side options), so I opted for the grilled zucchini, which were basically plain with limited seasoning but very flavorful.  Would I get this sandwich again?  You bet.  But not until I try a few other items on the menu that whet my appetite. My partner ordered the Jackfruit Carnitas Tacos.  Upon seeing it on the menu, he first said, "What's a jackfruit?"  I replied, "That's so weird!  If it's what I'm thinking of, I just saw and touched one down at the Super G International supermarket up the street!"  It was about the size of a watermelon with a big green scaly skin.  We then looked it up on Wikipedia to confirm.  Sure enough, when the fruit is ripe, it's like a fruit, when it's unripe, it's like a meat.  Who knew?  We had just returned from San Antonio.  The Jackfruit Carnitas Tacos looked like the Mexican street tacos that we had just eaten on vacation.  I tried a bit of the "meat" and it really did seem meatlike and tasted similar to grilled chicken.  Everything seemed very fresh that they served, the restaurant was clean, and the service was friendly.  It was much better than I was prepared for.  For vegan or vegetarian food, Bean is at the top of my list for Charlotte.  It's delicious, there is a big variety of choices, and it's completely affordable.  It's not in the best part of town (and it's a little scary getting onto Independence Blvd after dining), but I highly recommend it for a healthy, flavorful alternative to a meaty meal.  It's good for small and big appetites.  (There's even brunch and kiddie menus!)
5	I invited an open minded omnivore to have dinner with me in honor of World Vegan Day.  Bean Vegan Cuisine is located off of busy Independence in a rather drab, dated building, but, after having their food, I wouldn't care if the restaurant was in a tent.  It is that good.We ordered the fried pickles, which were lightly battered and not excessively greasy.  They came with a side of vegan Ranch.  My friend enjoyed a Rueben with a nicely loaded side salad.  I had the jackfruit tacos, with coleslaw and collard greens as sides.  This was my first experience with jackfruit, and I must say, what a versatile food.  It was served in corn tortillas, making it gluten free, and topped with peppers, onions, salsa and "sour creamy."  Nicely spicy.  The sides held their own as well.  For dessert, we shared raspberry cheesecake.  Creamy and not too sweet, which suits my palate.  I make vegan meals at home, so I figured that I would like the cuisine.  The true compliment to Bean is that my meat eating friend enjoyed it just as much as I!
5	I REALLY thought I had already reviewed this place!!! I am not a vegetarian or vegan, but had decided that I wanted to be healthier and try new things, so Bean beckoned to me every time I drove by it.I stopped in one day and I was the only one in the place shortly after they had opened. I got the chicken fingers (tofu) with ranch dressing and I think a hashbrown casserole of some sort? OMG, everything was DIVINE!! The textures would fake out even the most discriminating carnivore. The taste wasn't the same, so it'd be harder to trick them, but it still tasted good! I loved every part of my meal. The ranch dressing was freakin amazing and I wish I could have bought a jar of it to take home. I really wish I could have gone a few more times before I moved away. It was such a unique experience that it has made me want to try other vegan dishes. 5 stars are well deserved for this place, and the prices are good too.
2	I didn't think this place was particularly healthy and was just trying to imitate burgers, tacos, etc. with vegetables and fruit. I was hoping for something a little more interesting and different.
5	I can no longer hold back any stars. I constantly want to eat at Bean. I love their jalapeno cheddar burger and buffalo tofu options. I love the fried jalapenos that come on the burger, and usually a good amount surrounding the sandwich as well. It's all the deliciousness of my old favorites without the unnecessary carcass. They now even have a cheese plate which is worth a try. My only complaint is that it's out on Independence and not right next door in Southend.
5	I am writing this as my husband is on his way to Bean to get takeout.  I have eaten here about 10 times.  It really is delightful.  Although I am not a vegan (I'm a vegetarian), I find that the food here really hits the spot no matter your food orientation.  My husband, an omnivore, loves the BBQ and Tofu Fingers, but his biggest obsession is the chocolate cake.  He said it is the best he's ever had, and he is a picky fellow.  Para mi, my love is the Jack Fruit Carnitas.  The texture and flavor balance are perfect, in my opinion.  Plus you get two delicious sides with it!  And to top off the great food, the staff are some of the nicest people.  They are always so accommodating and helpful.  Tips:  there are a lot of gluten free options, they serve alcohol, and make a mean Thanksgiving dinner.  Go now!
5	As soon as you enter you feel like you stepped into someone's kitchen rather than a high end restaurant. The mom and pop feel is complimented by the Super friendly staff and great service. I've ordered a few things from the menu and it has always been great!  The cheeseburgers, rueben are exceptional and am always looking for an excuse to eat here!
4	OMG, the Ruben!  I'm a veggie with a picky palette.  These guys know what's up!  Reminds me of the Laughing Seed in Asheville.  Why 4 stars?  The sides options are really really small for the price. Not worth it... Forget two sides and get another awesome sandwich!
2	I ordered the fried pickles and crabbie dip to go. I rarely order fried food. I was please until I saw the amount of grease that was in the bottom of the box! OMG!I thought I would give them some feedback. Well, to my surprise, the guy who I spoke to was nonchalant and said that's what happens and there isn't anything they could do about it. WTHay! I didn't call for a refund; just feedback... Basically, he really didn't care about what I thought, so I don't care about ever going back to Bean Vegan Cuisine! As far as I am concerned, if the general attitude is that this is how they do things; take it or leave it; it's not worth me trying anything else on the menu!#poor_customer_experience#not_worth_2nd_visit#turned_off
4	As a recent convert to vegetarianism, I am constantly looking for good places to eat. I went to Bean on a Saturday afternoon and was surprised it was packed.  The interior is very basic - wide open and just some basic tables with metal chairs.  Not super comfortable, but not horrible either.  I ordered the Crabbie dip as a starter mostly because I wanted to taste the Jackfruit I had seen mentioned.  The dip arrived and it looked just like crab dip and the taste was spot on!  The jackfruit was rather flavorless on its own, but the texture was ideal.  I would get that again for sure. My entree was the pulled pork BBQ sandwich served with cole slaw. I would bet large amounts of money that if you gave this to a meat eater he/she would swear it is actual pork.  The texture was so spot on it was incredible!  The taste was perfect eastern NC BBQ - a bit tangy, a bit of a bite. The cole slaw was a perfect compliment and I was thrilled to have a meatless substitute for something I had been craving so much. Overall the place was cheap.  Two lunch entrees, an appetizer, tea and a water - $27. There is a bar area and there is a bunch of beer on shelves, but unless the night life is way different, I don't think I'd go to just drink. But overall, I am kinda in love with this place and already planning my next trip.
3	As an omnivore who lives on mostly processed foods and takeout (which I am sure affects my tastebuds), I am kind of torn as to how to base my review.  I like meat and cheese.  A lot.  However, I think if I chose the vegan/vegetarian way of life, I believe this place would be a staple for me, as the dishes seem to be well thought out and prepared, I just wasn't a really big fan.   Off of Independence, we were trying to figure out what it used to be - we both thought maybe some sort of Mexican restaurant.  Early on a Saturday, there was plenty of parking and plenty of seating, though a constant ebb and flow of customers was nice.  It's either going to be a pain in the ass to get into or out of, depending on where you are coming from or going to, so be prepared for your GPS to give you a fit.My food:Queso dip with tortilla chips:  As another reviewer stated, this is served with bag chips (and not very many at that).  The dip itself has a healthy portion of black beans and is flavored quite well, but my deadened tastebuds were missing sodium and maybe a little more spice.  It was quite tasty though and I would order it again if there.  Served with a fresh tasting salsa that I enjoyed.  I felt it would be improved with Velveeta (I am a pig, I know).The Reuben:  From some other reviews, I thought this was going to be a hit.  It was well prepared with grilled bread, just the right amount of kraut, 1000 island, and there may have been some sort of "cheese" in there.  The meat, while a meat texture, didn't really have the corned beef taste to me.  It was fine, but I (as a person who really likes corned beef) wouldn't order it again.Tater tot casserole:  There wasn't a description of this, so I am not exactly sure what makes it up.  I think I recognized potatoes, green peppers and onions.  There was some type of "sausage" (?) in it.  Under seasoned, I would not order that again.My dining companion, who had their BBQ sandwich before said it was very good, ordered that again.  She kindly offered me a piece of the "BBQ" that fell off of her sammich and it was DELICIOUS.  I absolutely should have ordered it.  The sauce on it was smoky and tangy and the texture of whatever meat substitute is used with that was spot on (seriously).I had wanted to try Bean, and if I had a buddy who wanted to go there, I would definitely go and order the BBQ sandwich (though I don't know what side?).   This is an excellent member of the Charlotte-dining scene.  As the George-generated Yelp saying goes - I ate here and I didn't die - 3 stars!
5	First off, this place is ALL vegan. How cool is that? SO COOL!I ordered the Build Your Own Scramble with mozzarella, carrot bacon, "sausage", onions, and spinach in a wrap.... OH MY GOODNESS, it was GREAT! Best breakfast wrap I have EVER had. I don't say that frequently either. The tofu was scrabbled perfectly and the "bacon" and "sausage" were out of this world.And if you don't believe me, believe my meat eating bf. I picked up the wrap and then we proceeded to a BBQ joint for his meal. On the way he had a taste of mine and flipped out like I did. He can't wait to go back to Bean Vegan. And to tip it off, once he got his food and bit into it, he regretted his decision to eat else where.Now, if you can please a meat eater with your vegan food, you are doing a great job!PLEASE, come to Chapel Hill-Carrboro! Bean Vegan would flourish with all the foodies, vegans, vegetarians, and health conscious people...and of course with our loyalty. See you guys soon!
5	I recently went to Bean to find out what all of the hype was about and was over joyed!!!!! The decor of the places is quite simple but the food is fantastic for those who think that since this is a vegan place that the food must be bland they are wrong!!!! Nothing can be further from the truth this is good vegan comfort food! I tried the crab patty sandwich with the tater tot casserole and it was fantastic. The sandwich was made with Jack fruit and I could not tell that it wasn't meat!  The tater-tot casserole was a nice switch from just fries as a side like most eateries. The next day I went and tried the pulled barbecue sandwich with the mega bean salad and just about lost it because it was so good. Check this place out and support it Charlotte needs more vegan/ vegetarian places.... P.S. Even if your not vegetarian or vegan you will love this place.
3	I'm won't hide my bias, I'm a rabid carnivore. I tried Bean and was honestly nervous and very skeptical beforehand. But my fears were unwarranted, it's not nearly as odd as I imagined, but don't go in expecting a miracle. Their BBQ sandwich with tofu curls, (whatever that is) was very good. And for about half of the sandwich I could barely tell that it wasn't actual meat; their sauce, bun, and tofu complete a remarkable illusion. Kudos on their diverse and creative menu. I also tried their mac and "cheese," which was obviously tasted a little different than authentic cheese. It wasn't bad, but when you've grown accustomed to the real thing and are used to gluttonous amounts of delicious, melted cheddar.... well then nothing could be an adequate substitute. As I said, I've come from a pro-meat perspective, and for what Bean is, I think it's excellent. The quality is there, they have a good drink selection, and the people are friendly. But I have to grade them from my eyes, and with so many restaurants to choose from, and with my uncivilized palette, Bean is just average to me.
5	First time visiting this establishment.  As I have driven by this place a dozen times. Great flavorful healthy food at a reasonable price. Wish they had a location I the south side of Charlotte. They also have a bar area where they serve vegan wine.
3	At the risk of sounding completely redundant, I am most definitely not Vegan (do you capitalize Vegan?). Even Meatless Monday - or whichever day you prefer - is difficult for me. Making some soup? Throw in some chicken stock. Doesn't matter if it's vegetable soup, the meat makes it taste better. Especially if it's bacon.So why Bean? Why not? Seriously. I have no idea at all why we stopped. It seemed like a good idea at the time.Luckily, the staff is apparently used to folks like myself, who have no clue what is going on when it comes to ordering at such a place, after being used to, well, everywhere else. They were very kind. Or maybe they just had pity on me.Two things stood out.First of all, the decor is not. That is, there isn't any. It's dark, and not in a romantic way. It's sad. Maybe they need more bacon, and I don't mean tofu bacon or something like that. It's dark in a sad bowling alley-during-the-day sort of way. It doesn't make it horrible, just that it isn't welcoming. Luckily, the staff is nice (see above).Second, the food is good, considering it's vegan. It's even decent considering it among other food. But it's not great. You eat a vegan bacon cheeseburger, you know you're not eating real bacon. Or a burger. Or cheese. At least the lettuce is real. Probably. Then again, I may have just been excited to recognize something.
5	I keep craving Bean's food but I can't ever have it because I live two hours away. :(COME TO CHAPEL HILL. You have the BEST vegan food ever! I love you.
1	When will businesses realize that no matter how good your product, if your customer service sucks it will ultimately be to no avail. Just ask Gateway computers. Their demise was NOT their computers, it was their lousy customer service! I am extremely disappointed in Bean and their LOUSY customer service. It takes a special kind of skill set to be a waiter/ waitress and the big guy at Bean has NOT been blessed with such skill set! When my husband and I first visited Bean, we were excited. Upon first entering the establishment, we had to decide if we were willing to overlook the decor of the place in order to have a pleasant dining experience. We decided we would overlook the decor. It is much to be desired. Even though the decor is not the best, there is no excuse and no substitute for a little soap and water. The tables aren't the only things that need to be cleaned from time to time. The windows sills are dusty, and the curtains could use a quick wash in the washer.With that said, as my husband and I have visited Bean quite a few times, we have noticed the customer service getting increasingly lax. There is nothing wrong in letting a patron know that you will be with them shortly. On one recent visit, the big guy walked back and forth about 20 minutes before he ever opened his mouth to say anything to us. He acted as if we were invisible. If you know that your weekend brunch is gaining in popularity, you need to have two waiters there at the very start!Another thing that disappoints me with Bean is that you can ask the waiter for something and they forget, you have to constantly remind them what you asked for. My understanding is that Bean is a fairly new establishment, but if that plan to stay in business, my advise would be for them to1.  Improve the decor2.  PLEASE MAKE MAJOR IMPROVEMENTS TO YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE!Unfortunately for my husband and I, last night was the tipping point. Very unsatisfied with the customer service and we will most definitely NOT be back. Very unfortunate indeed because there are so few vegan restaurants in Charlotte. If you can't respect me then you obviously don't need my money!
4	Ok so the interior is a little sad and the waiters aren't the "fake a smile" type, but the food is good! I love the Good Burger. The mac n cheese is iffy. The sweet potato fries are excellent. It's worth a try!
3	As a vegan I really wanted to like this place..First off, I just want say the service was excellent. We were greeted at the door by the cook and the waitress was very pleasant and attentive..We ordered the queso and salsa dip, meat loaf, 2 burgers, mac and cheese, tater tot casserole, and ice teas to drink. The queso was good but a bit bland. Salt and pepper helped a bunch. The salsa was watery and tastless needed salt as well. The meat loaf looked awesome but was dry and had some kind of bitter after taste. The tater tot casserole was inedible and the mac and cheese about the same..The ice tea was barely sweetened so i asked for sugar and she brought us the raw sugar packets which is fine but it wouldn't dissolve in the tea. last but not least the burgers saved the day..they were awesome! The ambiance was nice, simple, and spacious. The big problem I'm having are the prices. I understand vegan is going to cost more. But with tip..$60? lunch for 3 people. Unfortunately I don't see this restaurant surviving unless they price point their items and change up the menu..
4	Always good....Always satisfying.  Had to stop in today as I was craving my Bean favorite - the Mushroom Po'Boy.  If  you have not had one yet you are definitely missing out!
4	Some of the best meat loaf I've ever had and I'm not even vegetarian/vegan! Good friendly service.
1	As much as I want to like Bean, they wouldn't let me dine with them with a coffee mug, and requested that I leave it in my car. Excuse me? So you want me to buy your expensive coffee when I already have a mug of my own? Needless to say, I took my business to a different vegan establishment that respects the fact that they even have customers willing to buy their food in the first place. I will not eat here until they change their policy regarding outside beverages. I'm not trying to bring in a freaking happy meal, it's a coffee mug. Get over it! Fern was more than accommodating of me and my delicious personal cup of coffee, so they got my business. Sorry bean, when you start respecting customers I'll be back. Bye-bye!
5	Bean introduced me to the delicious and wonderful world of Jack fruit. We started with the Crabbie dip appetizer, which I will now order every time I go back.As an entree, I had the reuben....incredible!My sister had the pulled Jack fruit bbq sandwich....unbelievably delicious.My friend had the ranch burger....delicious!The customer service was amazing. Our server was very helpful and answered all of our questions with enthusiasm. My only complaint is that I don't live close enough.
5	Oh, Bean. Such a special place to both my husband and myself. We discovered Bean shortly after they opened, and thank goodness we did. We quickly realized that Bean was the missing ingredient in our life, and became regulars right away. The owners of the establishment and the staff were quick to welcome us into their extended family, and made us feel at home every time we walked through the door (which sometimes was 3-4 times per week). This is the place to go when you're craving a good, home cooking style, comforting meal. I see that other people mentioned a lack of more diverse 'healthy options', but to me, that's silly. You are eating vegan alternatives to animal products, so first of all, that makes them 'healthier' options, and secondly, there are plenty of places where you can go get a cold pressed juice and a quinoa salad. Bean has an amazing selection of delicious diner style items, and there are plenty of healthier options as well (salads, bowls, sides of veggies). In my opinion, life is too short to not enjoy the food that you are consuming. My absolute favorite things are the Firecracker Bowl, the King Burger, and the Buffalo Tofu Fingers. The specials are always amazing as well. Bean quickly became a regular part of routine that we did not want to go without.  If they didn't exist, I'm not sure how well we would have done maintaining our veganism when eating out (we probably would just not eat out). Charlotte does not have many places that offer vegan food, and it was such a blessing to stumble upon a place we actually craved and wanted to frequent.We recently had to move away, and not a day goes by where we do not dream about walking through those doors and sitting down for, what is still, the best damn vegan food we've ever found. Our new city has nothing that even remotely compares, and I greatly look forward to stuffing my face full of delicious Bean fare at my next opportunity.
2	Buffalo tofu strips - it's very soggy. The buffalo sauce on the tofu was very good though. The ranch complimented the tofu very well but it would have been better crunchy. Double cheese burger - mushy, falls apart, soggy bread, and a strong daiya american cheese flavor.
5	WOW!! I was in Charlotte for 2 days attending a concert at the PNC Pavilion and did an online search for vegan restaurants. Happy to report that this place is phenomenal! I absolutely love that they offer 100% vegan options! I ordered the "Crabby Patty" sandwich with macaroni and "cheese" on the side and was positively blown away. Additionally, my server was super friendly and attentive. I will definitely return the next time I'm in Charlotte!
5	I tried this place while visiting my sister in Charlotte.  She and I (both vegan) went with a meat eating friend, and we were all impressed with the food!  I had the barbecue jackfruit sandwich, I definitely recommend that!  It was delicious.  I also tried my sister's Reuben, great!  And our friend had the special of the day, which happened to be a burger, and it was great too!!  We split the krabby dip, and we all enjoyed that.  The waitress was very nice and helpful.  The only complaint I can think of is the tater tot casserole was a little bland, but everything else made up for that.  I will definitely be going back when I visit my sister.  I wish there was a Bean where I live!!!!
5	I've passed this place countless times and hadn't been in. My boyfriend was taking care of lunch so I decided to try it. It was take out, so I didn't get the full experience, but I was pleased with what I ordered. I had the barbecue jackfruit sandwich; I've never had jackfruit before but OMG it was really good. Succulent, a little spicy, and piled high with tomatoes and pickles (they don't normally come with it though). I also tried their queso dip with the chorizo and black beans. De.Li.Cious. My boyfriend was skeptical about trying this place because he didn't like the sign (he thinks it looks odd-a big, brown bean...like that had anything to do with the food). He's a fan now.I'll definitely be going back. I'm so glad more vegan restaurants are popping up in Charlotte!
5	My non-veg Husband and I love this place and look forward to getting dinner from Bean every time we visit Charlotte. Hubs seems unable to order anything other than the Good Burger. I've gotten several selections including - BBQ soy curls salad; crabbie salad, and the crabbie patty platter with grilled zucchini and tater tot casserole. My favorite is BBQ soy curls [right now], but the crabby dip/salad was amazing too! They now offer a small veg-friendly market or grocery area that is incredibly well stocked with unique items given the small space. Their desserts are tremendous too plus excellent selection of healthy beverages and "healthier" sodas. Cannot say enough kudos to accurately describe how much we love this place. A real treat and fun just deciding what to order. Go and enjoy, or surprise non-veg friends with how yummy vegan food can be.
5	Bean does vegan comfort food very well. It is an indulgence and hard to find something truly healthy on the menu, but if you're craving a veggie burger or peanut butter pie, this is your spot. The new market is something of a playground for vegans, with nearly every specialty brand you can imagine and the full line of earth balance products. If you're vegan and in Charlotte, this needs to be at the top of your restaurant list.
5	I need more stars! I love Bean! No...really. I LOVE BEAN!! As a vegan,  this place is my second home. The culinary creativity is amazing! Flavor of the food is ORGASMIC! I ain't lying! I make loud noises when I eat.  More, if not most, importantly...the people who we work here are some of the friendliest people in Charlotte and you can tell they live what they're doing.MY FAV'S...Weekend Brunch- Carrot Bacon changed my life and most recently, they had Tofu Benedict. Dayum!! It was good. Bacon CheeseburgerJackfruit BBQSides...macaroni and cheese, fried squash and collard greensDesserts-If I'm ever in a coma...someone get me 2 slices of raspberry zinger cake and 6 cowboy  cookies. Oh lawd!They also serve local craft beers. Sweet! Most recently, they opened a grocery section selling all sorts of vegan deliciousness.  If you're  looking for vegan marshmallows...this is the place to get them.I LOVE BEAN! The end.
5	Loved the king burger... Going back for the Reuben It is amazing how they an reproduce your favorite flavors in a vegan format but it really really works!!  My wife and I have had several enjoyable dinners with zero regret and will definitely be back for more!
5	I am an avowed omnivore, and I will never reconsider this nutritional decision. That said, I do eat all over the nutritional/dietary spectrum on a weekly basis, though vegan has never been on my food docket.  Until today.I WILL be coming back here.  It was simply amazing.The building is unassuming; the staff unpretentious and very nice; the food homey and delicious.I opted for the eastern NC BBQ sandwich with a side of fried squash.  Being a huge BBQ fan (see my Midwood BBQ review), I have a high bar for BBQ.  I wasn't let down.  The 'Q is soy curls, and they are seasoned wonderfully.  It had that nice spicy kick that BBQ should have.  And dammit, I'm as full (or more so) after eating this great sandwich!  It came with slaw, and I added a little bit of mustard.The fried squash was very delicate and tasty.  Very simple preparation: salt, pepper, breaded and fried.I'm looking forward to trying something else next time I'm here.Thanks, Bean!
5	This is my wife's favorite place to eat. The kitchen here is really friendly! We've come several times over the years and the chef always recognizes us and says hi. Highly recommend the jack fruit tacos and fried pickles. Oh, and if you need thanksgiving dinner, try it here.
5	I'm a vegan who travels a lot...and I've gotten used to seeing 5 stars given to vegan restaurants that really don't deserve it, but get it anyway simply because they exist & vegans are happy to have the options.  I suppose for me, that'll only earn a 3 star rating.  To get any higher, the food must be more than just edible & vegan.  Bean earns its 5 stars! The food was really good -- even my non-vegan hubby said he'd go back & get what he had again, the King Burger with the Mega Bean Salad.  I had the Crabbie Patty Sandwich, made from young jackfruit...something I've always wanted to try!  Very good & very reminiscent of a crab cake sandwich.  I had the Southern Collard Greens on the side --FANTASTIC!! (I grew up in New Orleans, so I know my greens!). They were smokey and a little sweet--again, fantastic. I'd be hard pressed to try something different for a side!Oh! We started the dinner with Fried Pickle Chips with a ranch dip on the side...very good & enough to feed an army!  Must've been a dozen pickles in the order!  Good value!Lastly, they have a bar and a small vegan grocery that carries a lot of the vegan basics -- must check it out!!
