5	Great food, great salsa and surprisingly good coffee at a very reasonable price (make that a low price if you are going for lunch between 11am-4pm).La Fonda Del Sol is by no means elegant, but that doesn't seem to be the point of this place, i.e. it doesn't need to be.It's definitely worth checking out if you're in the mood for good non-corporate chain Mexican food.P.S. Although I've not yet had a chance to try the margaritas (and I hate to post hearsay) they come highly recommended from what I would call a "trusted source." I'll update when I have personal knowledge.
4	Another great Mexican spot in Arizona.  Does it ever get bad here??  Love this place, read many great reviews and finally stopped by and had a wonderful, flavorful meal.
4	A bit drizzly on Thurs. when we ended up here it was a bit before 3 the place was empty maybe 2 other customers while we were there. We were greeted by a nice lady who asked how many I replied 2 1/2 in Spanish she replied in to sit where we pleased. I wish it would have been nice out that day their patio looked like fun....maybe another day for happy hour yeah. My daughter loved the fish tank I just hope the catfish wasn't for eating later!! Yikes it was way too big for the tank and looked a bit out of place with the other goldfish.Hot chips and 2 carafes of salsa came out w our waiter one hot and one not. YAY just how I like it!! I liked to mix them here to get the perfect amount of heat I like it was yummy the chips could have been a tad better some were a little too toasted. I had a chile relleno lunch their beans and rice were great no complaints the egg on the relleno was a little too peppery for me but I dont like pepper too much yet I still cleaned my plate. My mom had an enchilada she ate it up quick and the kid's plate was so cute w a mini taco my daughter liked that she could put the not hot salsa in the taco and eat it! =) Quick and very pleasant service. Could use a little dusting pics coming soon.
4	This is really good Mexican food on a budget. The decor is standard, the service is wonderful, and the food is amazing. I have been to this location several times and have been pleased with everything I have ever ordered. The tostadas and the chimichingas really stand out in my memory.Their chips and salsa are some of the best I have tasted.
4	You would think this place is actually in Mexico given how long I had been meaning to try it.  I can only say, I should have gone sooner.  Really good Mexican food-not the touristy crap or the Scottsdaled up version.  I tried the green chile and loved it.   Decor is nothing to write home about, but not a complete dive either.  Service was excellent.I actually didn't find it all that cheap considering it's basic Mexican food, but I guess it's cheap for Scottsdale.  Dinners run about $12 on average.  Lunch about $7.  They also have breakfast.  On the bad side, they apparently have a lunch buffet.  God only knows how big my ass will get knowing that tidbit of information.  Five dollar a gallon gas may actually be a good thing.
2	May be I went on a bad day for the kitchen, but the dishes I had was well below the average touristy level.- the salsa that came with the chips tasted generic and canned- the menudo was a quarter chunk of a potato, half of a carrot cut in two and some blobs of flavorless beef- the mexican pizza was soggy and chewy (no, not in a good way)- the green corn tamale covered in chilli sauce is the only thing that made me think the kitchen can be betterLa Fonda Del Sol is a place that I pass by a lot.  But it looks like I'll have to keep on passing on by.
3	When they bring the chips and salsa, ask for a straw.  Stick it in the mild salsa container and suck until the container is empty.  This will be the culinary height of the meal.I ordered the Armando Combination so that I could try different things.  Don't do that.  I heard a waitress suggest the Carne Burrito.  Too late for my order.  The food, simply said, was bland.  The mild salsa was a medley of fresh ingredients in just the right mix.  Awesome.   The interior was classic small Mexican restaurant.  The service was fine.  Honestly, another visit is necessary to make a final decision.  But until then, I have to agree with Kansas G.So, if you came for the food review, you can move on.  If you are interested in a little social commentary, please read on.[Steps up on soapbox]1) I really wish someone had warned me that this was "loud talker night" at La Fonda.  I'd have gone tomorrow.2) Memo to the F-bomb boys across the restaurant: This isn't a saloon or some spit on the floor, get piss drunk night out at the pool hall.  So could you please keep the F-bomb laced conversation for the ride home?  I realize you were here on "loud talker night" but that only intensified the offensiveness.  Don't get me wrong, I love a great profanity-laced conversation as much as the next guy, just not at dinner.3) While I'm sure that you believe that the $3.95/month you're paying for that shitty and annoying ringtone is a great investment, Harley-wearin'-F-bomb dude, I don't want to hear it at dinner.  Put the F-er on F-ing vibrate, please.  Does that help?4) And then, once you answer the shitty ringtone call, please realize that the dude on the other end of the line does not hear you any better if you YELLLLL.  Of course I do, complete with the F-bombs.[Stands down from soapbox]What the hell is happening to our manners?  Thanks for listening.
4	Well I've promised to put a few reviews on here to get past my joining Yelp just to vent my frustrations with one (now defunct) business.  So, I can think of no better restaurant to start with than La Fonda.  I've been coming here since I was kid; it was my father's favorite Mexican joint, and it is now mine and my son's as well!  My son and I have dinner alone together once a week and have made La Fonda our restaurant of choice!  The chips can be a bit greasy (hence not 5 stars), but they're always hot and fresh, and the salsa's hands down the best in town.  None of that cooked, tastes like it came from a jar stuff; just fresh tomatoes, onions, cilantro, etc.-- it's so good, I could inhale it.  Being the creatures of habit we are, Jacob and I always get the same things every week. (Nowadays, we just order "the usual.")  For Jacob, it's a cheese crisp with guacamole, for me, it's a machaca burro and a side of beans.  I've had other things in the past...  the tamales are wonderful too, but I absolutely LOVE the machaca.  It's tender, crispy and fried up with lots of onions and peppers.  It's delicious!!  The beans are good too, but beans are beans; it's the machaca I keep coming back for. As for the atmosphere, it can definitely get a bit loud in there when it's busy.  The sound just seems to reverberate off the tile and concrete.  And...  pray that no one near you orders fajitas, or you will (guaranteed!) smell like them for the rest of the evening.   But, again, I am addicted to the machaca and therefore find the rest to be mere trifles.What more can I say-- I love La Fonda.
4	"Yummy, & big-plate Mexican food in Scottsdale!" 4/5La Fonda has been one of our favorite restaurants for the last 2 years. We love going there to get some house margaritas with one or two plates of soul, comfort Mexican food. My favorite is its Shrimp Fajitas hot plate. J always like their Combo dish. Remember to pour some spicy salsa sauce on your food if you like hot stuff! :) We love the place and would recommend all our friends to try it out!
2	To set the record straight, the service here was great.  The food...not so much.Started off with some chips and salsa...pretty standard.  Had two different types of salsas...one hot and one mild.  Had two carnitas tacos, which came with rices and beans.  The rice and beans were good...beans were pretty rich.  The carnitas were pretty dry, but the worst part was the tacos were topped with this even more dry cabbage, onion, cilantro mixture.  I had to add a lot of salsa to make the tacos interesting.  I also tried the shrimp burro...aka a big shrimp burrito.  This actually wasnt that bad...pretty simple with some nice grilled shrimp and fajita-esque veggies.  The last thing I tried was the beef enchiladas.  The beef seemed to be machaca and it was tender.  The problem with the dish was that the enchilada sauce was extremely rich...it tasted like a mixture between velveeta cheese and hormel chili, which is one of my favorite tailgating foods...not my favorite enchilada topping.  With the number of mexican restaurants in scottsdale and phoenix...there is no need for me to come back here.
5	Just good mexican food, salsa is excellent!
4	This place has been around forever, and while I don't ever remember eating here before, my dad assured me that I had. The place is no frills on the outside, but has a quaint charm to it on the inside.  The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.  We got a cheese crisp to start, and it was definitely a good version.  Before we could even finish it our food started coming out of the kitchen.  My sister and I both ordered Combo #10 which included a shredded beef taco and a red or green cheese enchilada, we both chose red. Like a typical Mexican restaurant, our plates came out piping hot with the standard "Don't touch, the plate is very hot" warning from our waiter.First things first, I took a forkful of beans and held it up, I could see the steam rising from them, I took the bite and was immediately in heaven! These are the beans that I have been searching for!!! They were so creamy and delicious, and had just enough cheddar cheese sprinkled on top....I could have seriously just had a plate of the beans and been happy!  I took a bite of the enchilada, I really liked the enchilada sauce, it had wonderful flavor and there was not too much cheese to where that was all you could taste, it was an excellent enchilada. I then tried the taco; the shell was crisp and filled with the shredded meat, lettuce, cheese and tomatoes. It was really good, the meat was not the best shredded beef I have ever had, but all the components together made it a taco that I would order again.My dad loved the chile relleno con carne, he said it was a good version, and one of the best that he had had recently.I decided I definitely needed to add La Fonda into my rotation, if only for the beans alone!
3	This is one of the oldest still-running restaurants in the area. It shares a name with one of the newest restaurants on Park Avenue in New York, but is completely unrelated. In fact, I'm sure the experience you'll have here is just about the opposite.It's in a location that the 70s Historical Preservation Society must be fighting to keep alive. I'd like to say it has character, but this old poorly designed strip should probably be nuked from space. However, you can't really complain too much when it's one of the few remaining old-school Mexican joints in town. It's clean, everyone is nice, and the atmosphere inside is cozy. As my mother said... if you eat here, you can pretty much plan on going home smelling like Mexican food. Whether that's a good or bad thing can be up to you. The food is just slightly above average for this type of place. Chips were okay. I put the salsa as below average. It was flavorless, but hot. The cheese crisp was good... not too oily. The guac was good. My entree was decent. It's the type of place that serves you standard old-school dishes - generally an ugly 70s plate full of grease with a sea of beans and slop and cheese and whatnot on the side. Same story as many other places. Too much to eat, and basically none of it is healthy, and basically all of it will either constipate you or clean you out.The margaritas were pretty good. I would eat and drink here again I suppose if someone else was paying. This is your mom and dad's joint. Wish it was better.
3	Came here because Oregano's was packed on a Saturday night.  I wonder how many of their customers are in the same boat.  I was initially craving Mexican food anyway, so I didn't care.  The service is awesome, the beer was so cold it was almost icy (read: awesome) and the salsa is yummy yummy.  I ordered the specialty chimichanga and my mom got rolled tacos.  The plates were hu-hu-hu-huge.  And can I just say that cream cheese makes everything better, especially chimichangas.  YUM.  Not the best Mexican joint I have ever been to, but definitely decent enough to visit again (for the locals).
3	First time I've been there and glad to see a independent Mexican restaurant in that neighborhood. The food was good and I did enjoy my meal.  The chips were served warm, fresh from fryer.  They didn't have an after taste; just good chips.  The salsa I understand is really good however it wasn't really wow that day; tasted like something was missing.  I went to eat with someone who loves this place and she thought the salsa was missing something that day as well.  Quick service, good food; I'd go back and looking forward to it.
4	This is the place my friends and I go for Mexican food. Very tasty, affordable, and fairly quick service.
3	This place has terrific Mexican food and their salsa is fabulous! My only complaint is that on our most recent visit we were waiting in the tiny bar area for what felt like an eternity and the woman would not make us drinks! It was odd. Once we were seated our server was awesome and told us about some cool local bars.
4	I love la fonda!  This is one of my fav mexican spots in town.  It's reasonably priced and the service is always pretty quick.  I highly recommend the taco salad with chicken, but I have ordered a little bit of everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.
4	Yum Yum! Great chips and salsa, phenomenal service. Soda is always nasty, no matter what I order. The food is great! Their green corn tamale takes the cake as best tamale, and with chicken over it it is delightful. Tostadas, taco salads, taquitoes, just about everything here has been delicious. Great enchiladas, etc. They have amazing refried beans, really some of the best. Very friendly atmosphere. We go here all the time. While their cheese crisps are by no means crispy, the cheese they use is amazing, and I often crave it. I have it with their salsa and its awesome. Even though Im normally fond of crispy cheese crisps, this is addictive!Love La Fonda Del Sol cant wait to return!
4	Servers were friendly.  The Del Sol Combination dinner I ordered was truly delicious. The tortilla chips were probably the best I have ever had! The place is cozy and casual with wall paintings and mirrors. It looks like Mexico and it is very much an authentic Mexican restaurant independently owned.Even though the price seems to be a little (by a couple of dollars) on the higher side, I would definitely go there again!
4	Love the food and the atmosphere. The staff is so nice.Love their pollo fundido.Gotta love a good locally owned, small pace! Love it, I bring company to this restaurant whenever they're in town!
5	Just discovered this neighborhood treasure.  This family owned and operated business prides itself on knowing its clientle and every time my husband and I visit, they remember our usual drink order -- and have remembered almost from the first visit -- and have it ready for us the moment we sit down.  My favorite dish is the tamales, which are something I learned to love in my home state of Texas, and I love, love, love La Fonda Del Sol's version of home style tamales.  The food is reasonably priced, generous portioned; the wait staff is friendly, and service is prompt.   I judge a Mexican place by the quality of its salsa, and this place wins big on the salsa.  One is mild, but really flavorful, and the other has a great level of heat.  The chips are great.  In all the ways a Mexican restaurant should be good, this one is great.
4	Like many people, we ended up at La Fonda thanks to an hour+ wait at Oreganos. It's nothing fancy and I wouldn't recommend this place for a date night or a night to impress anyone by ambiance, but I have to admit that the food was fantastic. And if there's one thing my family knows about - it's Mexican Food. I had a simple Bean & Cheese Burrito enchilada style and it was delicious. It was moist and filled with tons of beans and cheese and the enchilada sauce was great. My mother-in-law go the salad with fresh grilled pineapple, mango and chicken and it was delicious as well. The chips and salsa were pretty good (I still prefer Aunt Chiladas) but the service was quick, the vibe was mellow and the food was tasty. I don't live in the area and won't be driving out of my way to come back, but I'd recommend it if you're in the area and looking for some good Mexican.Note: the combination entrees seemed a little pricey to me. We each got al-a-cart items which came with sour cream, lettuce & tomato and were plenty big.
3	This Update for La Fonda Del Sol's LUNCH BUFFET:It was 9 months ago when I originally reviewed this nice Mexican lunch buffet, so it seemed time to try it again & do an update.  I was joined today by Norm R. & Robyn N., & I found the setup to be just about the same as last time.  This buffet doesn't offer as many food choices as those of Pancho's or Camarones, but the food, the service, & the price are all good, & it's a comfortable place.  They DO need to keep a closer watch on the serving trays though, as both the beef & chicken fajitas were allowed to run out, as well as the flour tortillas.Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.95
3	Met up with Rand H and Norm R for lunch here today.  We had been talking about going for Mexican food and Rand had been here before and liked it.  We got here right at 11am when they opened and all decided to do the buffet.  There weren't a lot of food choices - I had a cheese enchilada that was pretty good, a chile relleno that was just okay, some beef fajita meat that was fatty and tough, average rice and beans.  Nothing spectacular but not bad.  I think if I came here again I'd order off the regular menu and skip the buffet.
4	I enjoyed the lunch buffet on this re-visit. There were not too many choices but the food was good and the service was very efficient and friendly. A previous visit was  bit disappointing but this was probably because I came way after the lunch peak at that time. I met Rand H. and Robyn N. here at 11 am this time around, so the food was freshly prepared and plentiful. Three and a half stars, rounded up to 4.
4	It's kinda nice having this Mexican joint in Sdale.Very good Sonoran Mexican and nice staff. I say joint because it looks like its been around for awhile; not a prettified corporate place.
5	Every time we go to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area we make it a point to stop in. They offer two types of delicious salsa - one that is a basic salsa and a second that is more like a pico de gallo - this makes both my husband and I happy! I always get the chicken tacos and they are to die for, and my husband rotates between the tacos and the chimichanga both of which he loves. The service is great, and we always feel like we are stopping in to see family when we are here. It is kid friendly, which is a major plus.
3	If you look at the front, it doesn't look like a very appetizing place to eat, but my grandma dragged me in because she wanted Mexican food, and I guess I shouldn't judge books by their covers...to a certain point.  The inside was okay, just rows of booths. I have a thing about dirty places, so I think it should have been cleaner. I didn't dare go into the bathrooms.  We were two of about five people in there. Service was pretty good. I got the guacamole tostada lunch special with rice and beans. It was sooo good. My grandma got a chicken burrito which was good too. Their chips and salsa were BOMB.
4	So I am very picky about my Mexican food & to be honest the ONLY reason we came to this place is because Oregano's was on their usual 50 hr wait. I was pretty scared when we walked up to it, and was just as scared when we were seated.  Before we got a chance to situate ourselves water & chips & salsa were in front of us.  The chips & salsa were good, not amazing but it was good & i had my fair share of them. I was VERY impressed with our servers speed & attention.  The entree prices are kinda pricey...meaning $11-$13 a plate but we ordered them anyway.  To my surprise the food was GREAT! I don't remember the name of the plate I ordered but it had an enchilada, a taco, & a tamale.  EVERYTHING was good! I mean, not blow your mind you'll never have anything better than this again, but it was very tasty.  If we ever have to long of a wait at Oregano's again, we will return.  However we live in Phoenix so the chances of us being in Scottsdale again just for Mexican food are slim.  But I would recommend it to anyone who wants good food & speedy service.
4	The best Salsa, great margarita's, very friendly staff, I've only been in 3x over a 2 month period and the waitress remember my name each time I come in.
4	I ended up at this restaurant because of a recent livingsocial.com deal.  It turned out to be a great buy and allowed me to find some "authentic" mexican food in Phoenix.I was really pleased with this restaurant, and will definitely return.For starters, the chips and salsa were excellent.  And you can have as much as you want, without being charged for an extra basket of chips.I ordered a combo plate with tamale, taco, and cheese enchilada.  It also came with rice and beans.  Everything was great.  The enchilada was my favorite part of the dish, and I will definitely stick with this next time.  The tamale was very good for a restaurant tamale, and would hold up with any home made tamale out there.  The taco was not the best.  the meat was a little overcooked do to the deep frying of the shell, but it was still good.  Just not my personal favorite.The enchilada was very good.  You could taste the home made tortillas and the red sauce was very tasty.  Definitely recommend.The rice was very good and authentic.  The beans were ok, but not the best I have ever had.All in all, this is the best mexican food I have had so far in Phoenix.  It only gets 4 stars though, because I have had much better in other cities.  But so far, I have not found better in Phoenix.  This will definitely be a frequently visited spot to satisfy my craving for authentic mexican food.
3	We were in the mood for some Mexican food and stumbled across this joint.  It's a casual dining place with 15 or so tables and a small bar.  Complimentary Chips & Salsa are included with your meal.  They give you 2 types of Salsa.....Mild and Spicy.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HTlsBAd9j1wlWDHxnYczBw?select=7TDycarU8SKS1PQzilc2_wThe Spicy Salsa is very good.....the Chips are very thin and break easily....so they got 1/2 of that right.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HTlsBAd9j1wlWDHxnYczBw?select=9NUxLme4YMrPXxSrw5vkHwFor dinner we ordered:Cheese Crisp Appetizer - $7.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HTlsBAd9j1wlWDHxnYczBw?select=W6kOQlY8S8ke97Of4UQkFg#11 Cheese Enchilada Combo (Enchilada, Beans, Rice) - $11.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HTlsBAd9j1wlWDHxnYczBw?select=UJEi2YPoYm73iJrXOdz1lACarnitas Burrito - $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HTlsBAd9j1wlWDHxnYczBw?select=1_A4f--rniKJFcd3UfGG5ASide of Sour Cream - $1.352 Glasses of House Cabernet - $6.75The Cheese Crisp was very good.  It's like an open faced Quesadilla with the Tortilla cooked nice and crispy.The Cheese Enchilada was OK....kind of salty.The Better Half enjoyed her Carnitas Burrito, but she said it wasn't anything special.  She only ate 1/2 of it....took the other 1/2 home.  The glasses of Wine was hers also....and thought it was ok, what could you expect from house Wine?Overall, it was an OK dinner....did not 'wow' us.Return Factor - 40%
4	A great authentic and affordable, reasonably priced Mexican restaurant.
4	If you like chain restaurants that have ridiculous Mexican chilis dressed with a sombrero on their head then you'll hate this place.If you like great service, authentic Mexican food, free chips and salsa that are homemade (plenty of cilantro and peppers), then it's tough to beat La Fonda del Sol.  It's not fancy, but the service was fantastic and food dynamite.  The service was fantastic, they were busy, but both our waiter and person serving water was around twice as much as you'd find in most Mexican restaurants that charge twice as much.A previous poster said the salsa was good.  I agree.  It comes out with hot and mild, or mix it for a good combination of both.The dishes were well proportioned and authentic - I didn't get the usual velveeta cheese taste like you will at chain Mexican restaurants.  I ordered the #1 combo which came out with great beans and rice.  Throw in some of that hot salsa on there and you can't miss!The bonus for the night was listening to the staff cheer during the Mexico/US soccer game.  I take it Mexico won as there was a lot of cheering.Order a margarita or tecate and enjoy yourself here!
3	Growing up in the Southwest I can honestly say that I am to Mexican food what Casey Anthony is to scandalous whoring.  With that being said, La Fonda Del Sol can most aptly be described as better than average... more than adequate....above par...and a step above decent. The chips and salsa were very good but the pollo fundito had way too much cream cheese. The side of refried beans and rice was perfect. At many Mexican restaurants, beans and rice are a throwaway. An afterthought. Not here. These sides truly stole the show. One aspect of my visit that was very disappointing was the fact that they don't serve Tecate in a can.  The can is necessary for one to smear bit's of lime, lime juice and salt around the surface of said can to truly appreciate the wonders of a perfect beer on a hot summer evening, with the beading, condensation dripping down the side of the freezing cold can and chunks of acidic lime flesh washing down the smooth, light hoppiness that is indicative of a good Mexican cerveza.
5	By far the best Mexican food in Scottsdale! Food and Salsa amazing! Service phenomenal! Great prices!!!!
2	I wanted to like this place...really, I did!  After reading reviews and looking at pictures, I had to try it.  The chips and salsa--very good!  The carne asada--not good.  At all.  It was very salty and kind of gross.  Instead of serving it like a steak (like I'm used to), it was cut up for me...I felt like I was 5 years old and not allowed to touch a knife.  I feel bad because our server was so nice!  I wish I could give 5 stars for the server alone, but unfortunately I went there for carne asada, not the waitress!
5	Love this place!!  The food is spot on and the service is always perfect!  I normally get the combo which has a beef enchilada, beef tamale and a beef taco!! I have three words to describe it: FAB-U-LOUS!!!!! The margaritas aren't bad either!!! Oh Yeah! The chips and salsa are awesome!!
4	Very good authentic Mexican food. I tend to judge authenticity and goodness of Mexican food by a) how much beans, rice, and cheese do they pile on, and b) if I ate nothing but beans and rice, would it be delicious? The answers here are a) plenty and b) yes! I bought a sampler with an enchilada and a taco. The taco was one of those homestyle kind, where they start with a soft tortilla and fry it into shape until it's crispy. The setting is only so-so, it's a narrow dining room with not a lot of variety of seating options. The price was quite reasonable, but not cheap, somewhere around less than $15 after drink and tip for the least expensive but filling sampler lunch on the menu.
4	Salsa=5 star. Very good cheap mexican food.  If you're into beef taco's like I am you will love this place.
2	While in Scottsdale for Thanksgiving, the family opted to go out for Mexican Food one night. Not only was I excited to sample some of Arizona's notorious Mexican cuisine, but who am I to turn down a free meal?Star 1 - How was the service and atmosphere?While not overly packed on the Wednesday evening that my party of six visited, service seemed a bit on the rushed side. While our particular server (who appeared to possibly the the owner) was very nice, the she seemed to be ushering us along quite quickly. While not enough to warrant a star deduction, this should probably be noted. Star Granted.Star 2 - How were the portions relative to the cost?As far as the selection goes, La Fonda is pretty much on par with any of the basic Mexican joints that I've encountered in Colorado or Los Angeles. However, while the menu had a decent selection, mostly combinations of Tacos, Enchiladas, Burritos and Platters, prices were very much on the high side. I opted to go for the Machaca Dinner, and for $13.50 pre-tax, this is what I received:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Vj-NbtXv5UrYBDUvqUuYqA&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHgHm. Yes, that's a decent amount of meat, but I'd certainly say no more than $6 or $7 worth. That being the case, roughly $6 was spent on basic Spanish rice and beans? Yikes. Even for gourmet Mexican, that's too much. No Star Granted.Stars 3/4 - How was the food?While I wasn't disappointed with my meal, it was by no means the best Mexican I've ever had. The Machaca was very dry (overly crunchy at some points, and the rice and beans were nothing special. Especially paying $13.50? Quality needs to be bumped up a bit. Single Star Granted.Star 5 - Would you eat it every day if you could?With the truly vast number of Mexican options in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area, I can't say there's any way I could make La Fonda Del Sol a daily stop due to high prices and mediocre food and service. No Star Granted.
2	Went here because I wanted authentic greasy stick to your ribs Mexican food. Unfortunately all I got was the greasy part. I ordered a combo enchilada and taco platter. The shredded beef was dry and the whole plate was just too salty. It came with an ample helping of beans and rice, which were tasty but nothing special.However I do have to agree that this place has great chips and salsa. And the wait staff is very generous with them. I just wish the rest of the meal had lived up to the chips.
3	Have been here several times and they are consistent with a couple of things.  First off the chips and salsa rock!  The hot salsa is very tasty and the chips are usually hot and fresh.  The taco plate is always a winner.  And the service usual is usually iffy.  It's good 50% of the time.  For the food that you get the price is very reasonable.  I will def go back, even if it's just for the chips and salsa, since after all that's what good Mexican food is all about!!(stay away from the older woman/manager...she is RUDE!!  and don't even TRY to use a restaurant.com gift certificate..she will cut you!  lol)
5	Hi there,   I LOVE this place !!!!!!!!    The waiters have been there forever  and are always friendly and helpful and knowledgeable !   THE food is consistent and fresh and not out of a can.     My nephew 12 years old said,  "this is the best Mexican food I ever tasted".   He goes out with his parents all the time and thinks this tastes best.I go there at least 3 times a week and everyone I take makes it their favorite.  Peacock
4	I've eaten here 5 or 6 times over the last two years and the food is always great.  Service has always been good as well and I have never felt rushed to leave after the meal.  Decent prices as well.  We would definitely eat here more often if we lived closer.
4	This place is exactly what I like in a Mexican restaurant.  The menu has everything you would expect to find, executed well, in an unpretentious atmosphere.  It's also missing everything I don't want in a Mexican restaurant, namely a giant corporation/theme park vibe with sterilized Mexican dishes to suit bland American palates.
4	This place has been in Scottsdale forever. I ate there a few years ago then sort of lost track of it. Returned for dinner the other night and wished I had been eating there all along. Great fish tacos. Would recommend this place. Good food good prices great service.
5	La Fonda Del Sol - LOVE it! For us the best Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale.It is authentic. I grew up in Calif enjoying the Calif /Mex food from local friends and this has that flavor. The FISH TACOS here are AMAZING! Fresh and NONE of that stupid sauce or added fat...these are GRILLED..they are light & tasty. The HOT chips are fantastic, mix the salsas they bring to the table & ask for a small bowl to enjoy. Really a great place...over 25 years in the same location...that tells you something especially in the Restaurant industry. When we are in Scottsdale we eat Mexican here. Good food, good value and good waitstaff. We never thought it would be hard to find good mexican food in Scottsdale, but it is...this is a great place!
5	Great food.  Good service.Salsa is the best.  Enchiladas are very good.  I don't know what they put in the sauce, but damn is it good!  No better Mexican food anywhere in Scottsdale.
5	Ok, so when I'm in the mood for the real deal, I go here for some tasty goodness!!!  Everything here is AMAZING!!  I LOVE their chips and salsa!!! YUM!!
4	Their chips and salsa are the best I've had! The chips come with a bottle of regular salsa and hot salsa, and they are generous to refill anything you need! The regular salsa is chock full of tomatoes, onions, cilantro...yum....mix in some of the hotter salsa on your plate and it's perfect! I had their 2 chicken enchilada plate, no beans extra rice. It was really good, although it was cubes of chicken, rather than shredded chicken which I'm used to. Tasty, nonetheless, lol I'm just being overly picky :P Their rice was cooked well, and it came with a nice little side of lettuce and tomatoes.  All in all, a great plate of food! It was a tiny bit pricey...around $13.But I really enjoyed my food! Service was great. My sister-in-law and I went on a Sunday afternoon around 3pm, and there were only a few other tables. They don't have horchata though :(
1	Never been here. Just tried to get a menu to place an order for an office.  I was told there is no menu on the web.  And that they can't fax me one.  So.... they don't want take out business??  He said I should come in. Then what - call back to the office for the orders of everyone.
4	Exellant food! Inexpensive lunch buffet ( like 8.95). Friendly staff. Best beans and rice anywhere! Not much more to ask for. Food portions are inconsistant, I think it depends on who's cooking.
4	I was a little hesitant about going here due to the look (silly me, my favorite place Los Dos Molinos is the same way), but I am glad I did. The employees were very, very friendly. The cheese crisp was really good, one of the better cheese crisps I had. Sopapillas were good - better than average but not as doughy as I love. Good place all around.
4	This place is awesome! It looks like its been around for years, and the food is pretty good. Its hard to find good mexican food in Scottsdale. I am from Texas and let me tell you, thats where some good mexican food is at. However, La Fonda is pretty good too (not comparable) but good. Our group ordered a bunch of stuff, among which was the machaca burro, bean and cheese (boring but good!), green corn tamale, and enchiladas. Everything was great, a little much on the cheese but all in all I would keep coming back! Oh! best part! 2.75 for a pint of Shock Top? Whaaat? Its not even happy hour. We got a pitcher. The glasses were frozen as was the pitcher which was cool. They didn't have oranges for some of our party though, but the server was really nice and got some from the kitchen.Prices range from about 10-15 per ontray and drinks are reasonably priced! Check this place out!! I've lived in Scottsdale for years and can't believe I just went now. PS Regular salsa is not that good :/ Chips are!
2	Fajitas with burnt vegetables and a chx quesadilla with 8# of cheese, zero vegetables. I'll pass.
3	The four of us came for the Buffett Lunch today and the food was generally good. It was nice to finally meet, Rand H who organized and hosted the lunch, along with fellow Yelp'ers Robyn N and Arlin B.We met around 11:00, as the place was just opening.  I've have taken several photos of the buffet area. Its on the left as you just come in, near the bar.  The selections were pretty wide, including two types of soup. Everything was hot, as you would imagine it should be.Buffets can be a difficult business.  You have to constantly gauge which items are being consumed the most and prepare the kitchen accordingly. For the most part, I believe La Fonda got it right and stayed on top of things.As for the food, it was somewhat basic. But as they say in Yelp-ese, it was A-OK. The Chicken and Steak Fajitas, the cooked Ground Beef, the Shredded Pork, Cheese  Enchiladas and Chili Rellenos were all good, though not memorable. Our table agreed the cooked chicken breast was the weakest and brought down most of our ratings.The tab, with a soft drink ran $11.93 before tip, but including taxes.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =I've been here once or twice since my last Update over two years ago, but this Buffet remains about the same over time.  One thing that HAS changed during that time is that our number of Mexican Buffets has decreased by SIX, with the loss of Camarones, Rancho Papa Chulo's, El Panasco, Tradiciones and TWO Pancho's locations!I was joined today by Georgie M., Robyn N. & Arlin B. and we had a good time here!  My start was with the tasty stew-like Mexican Beef Soup.  Then, after salad with various toppings it was on to a Chile Relleno, which was Gringo-y mild but good, as were the Cheese Enchiladas.  I also made myself a shredded beef taco, & tried the Beef Fajitas, & several other dishes.  I liked most everything about the food, except as noted below.As on each visit before, I found this place to be good but not great overall.  The paper towel dispenser in the Men's room was empty, the dining room was rather cold, the Beef Soup wasn't as hot as it should have been, & the chicken in the chicken soup had a weird off-taste (to all four of us).     :-|The table service was normal & the price right at $8.99, so I'll probably be back, but not for a while.     :-)
4	Great food & service. Bridget is the BEST waitress!  A group of us go here for lunch about once a month and she knew our orders by heart after our 2nd visit. Would highly recommend the topopo salad and the lunch buffet.
4	Pretty good place.  My wife and I were happy to see they were open New Years Day for dinner.  We had flown in earlier in the day.  We were seated right away and got our drinks fast.  The place was busy but we were not ignored.  We got a sampler ala cart plate because we were ready to try some authentic Mexican food rather than Northwest Mexican food.  We had a tamale and chili relleno.  Both were good.  Good flavor and cheesey but not too much.  Of course the tamale doesn't compare to Bobby Flay's tamale at his restaurant but this was a good one.  I think next time we will have to get a margharita and try some other items.
4	Looks dicey on the outside but the food is good and authentic.  Coming from an east coast guy.
5	Super food.  Always crowded, but the staff get you seated and fed.  Order the pitcher of beer to save a bundle.
4	This place is a nice little Mexican restaurant. I had a carne asada taco and a chicken enchilada. The carne asada was amazing! The enchilada was decent. I will definitely recommend this place to friends.
3	It has been 3 days since we dined at LaFonda Del Sol and I can't remember much about the food except the chips and salsa (which were very good!). The ambiance is hole in the wall-esque. The food and service were obviously not too bad because I would have remembered that but also not so awe-inspiring that I have vivid recall about what we ate. The concierge did not lead us totally astray but it is safe to say that the restaurant is eminently forgettable.
5	I love this place so much that I get take out from here on a weekly basis.  If I have company that want to go to authentic local food (nothing fancy), then I head to La Fonda.  Easy to get in.  Nothing fancy, but good food and good service.  Their servers have been there a while and always remember me which is a nice touch.  Their tamales are made fresh and are DELICIOUS.  Their salsa is fresh and yummy.  The place is "old Scottsdale" for sure, but you will enjoy it.  There are always a lot of people eating, but I never seem to have to wait.
5	Love this place. All melted together. Margaritas so good. Salsa the best.  Love John!
2	This place puts the "meh" in Mexican. I guess I expected more because it looks like a small, authentic family-run restaurant, but everything we had was fairly bland, and the service fairly lackluster for a Sunday at 11:30. No one seemed to want to be there, and in retrospect neither did we.
1	I never write bad reviews because I feel I have better things to do with my time but this place was worth writing about.  Walked in and stood up front for 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us.  And when they did some lady said they didn't have room right now to  wait.  When we waited another 10 minutes I went up to her and asked if we could be seated and she simply said no and walked away!!   I told her and another waitress standing next to her that they were very rude and we wanted to go somewhere else they said okay bye.  Don't waste your time or money!
3	The food is still great here but we've stopped going. I don't know if it is the ventilation but the way you smell afterwards is just too incredibly strong and yucky.
3	This place has been here for a very long time. They do a decent job but in the last couple years I have thought they have lost some of the quality of the food as well as the service. Many other Mexican places to choose from in the neighborhood.
5	The best Mexican food in AZ friendly staff and great prices!
5	We have been here a few times before and just realized ive never left a review for them.  This place is truly a diamond in the rough for Scottsdale hidden on Scottdale and Shea. The salsa Is flavorful and fresh, sooo good. My favorite is the chicken fundido, highly recommend. I posted a pic too.  Staff is attentive and at 6:30 there are few booths available,  don't let that discourage you.... Just tells you its great.I know another post commented on the ventilation,  no idea wth they are talking about. Place does not smell, it's old but it's clean. Try it... It's worth my 20 min drive!
4	3.5 overall*Food 3*Service 3.5*Chips and salsa 4We have been here a few times in the past few years... we found this place due to the Entertainment book coupon.How do I say it? It is not our favorite place, but we would not mind coming here again...The issue this time is that they seemed to be very busy... we try not to go out on Valentine's day but for some reason this year we ended up here... and they were busy, but like hectic/unprepared busy... It felt more like a place with employees in training, than a established place.Don't get me wrong, the service was good, but perhaps they were shorthanded.We had the cheese dip, too runny for my taste, on the plus side it comes with flour tortilla chips, which was a nice change.Chips were light and crispy, and really hot. Salsas were good. I like spicy salsa but the mild one tasted better to me. I like how they use those containers instead of bowls.I had the menudo bowl, which was not that big and... well, I have not found my favorite menudo in town yet. It was a good soup, I liked the meat was cut in small pieces, and it was a good soup but not a great menudo.Hubby had the chicken fundido and he said it was ok but he didn't love it.Oh, something else I didn't enjoy... a lot of people smokes near the door to the parking lot... : ( even while we were waiting for a table you could smell the cigarrette smoke : (
4	When in Scottsdale AZ on the corner of Scottsdale road and Shea you will find this place and not be disappointed . I had the Grande Tostada loaded with Carne Asada,Warm beans and all that goes with a Tostada. The Margareta's are top notch and not watered down. Give it a try--it's well worth the trip.Ron G
2	So the waiter brought a me cheese enchilada and chicken taco even though I ordered a beef enchilada and chicken taco I informed him of this and he looked at me in the face and asked me if I wanted a side of beef.  I will not be back
4	Nice atmosphere, has an enclosed patio, the buffet is good, reasonable prices. Will return. But some of the enchilada dishes are a bit runny but still good.
5	We eat here often. Love the home cooked taste of the food and the service is always great
5	Love, love, love this place ! Food is delish and every time we have visitors I bring them there and they love it too !
5	The best Mexican food in AZ friendly staff and great prices! I have tried new items every time I have come in and have always enjoyed each one. My favorite is the carne asada.
4	Breakfast was great! Some of the best chorizo con huevo I've had in the valley. Salsa was good and spicy!
4	This place is not far from our home yet we had never been. We were hungry for Mexican food and the yelp reviews weren't bad so we gave it a try.They were busy on Friday night but we were seated quickly. Our server (failed to get her name) was terrific. She helped us navigate the menu in terms of what were big sellers and her personal favorites. She put warm chips and fresh salsa on the table. The salsas were fresh and good.Portions were large and they were very accommodating for a special order from my son (hold the tomatoes, hold the onions). I ordered a guacamole tostada and a bean burrito served enchilada style. It was way too much food. Apparently they have a buffet at lunch time and I'd like to try it as I have three sons who scarf most meals these days.We'll go back - sorry I hadn't tried it earlier.
4	I really like this place. Good food with pretty good prices. Salsa is great. I've eaten here a few times so I've tried a few things but my fav is the chimichanga. Yummy. The servers are friendly.
5	Great food and great staff. My daughter loved the buffet. Lunch was huge and great value. Can't imagine what dinner is like. Sit in Bridgette's section
4	Second visit here and food was just as good. Service was a little slow for Saturday at 3 but was with a larger group so it wasn't as big if a deal.
5	We love this place and have been going there for twenty years. The food is authentic and reasonably priced. It has a family atmosphere. The chimichangas are incredible. La Fonda is a fantastic neighborhood Mexican restaurant. Great food and easy to get in and out of quickly.
4	Refried beans are awesome - best in the Valley!  Their hot sauce is terrific, but my husband wasn't a huge fan of the regular salsa.  The front entrance could definitely use some brightening up a bit, but don't let that deter you!  Give this place a shot!
2	After reading reviews on Yelp we decided to try this place. The iced tea was terrible, light brown and had a weird after taste. The salsa & chips were disappointing, all I could taste on the mild salsa was thei onion but my husband said the hot salsa was better. We had a quesadilla which was okay. My son had a bean burrito with rice, he loved the burrito but generally isn't a fan of Spanish rice. My husband has the chile rellano and was disappointed. I had the Machaca Chimi & beans. Both my husband & my plate were beyond hot! The refried beans were actually bubbling! I am not exaggerating when I tell you we had to wait about 20 minutes to eat our food because it was so hot! In all fairness the chimi & beans were actually good but overall not a pleasant experience.The service was okay but not great. Sad to say we were sorely disappointed!
5	when you are looking for the real deal
3	I hate to have to do this but the last several of our visits have been lackluster. The food quality seems to have declined and the service has too. Last time we were in they had one woman seating, taking orders, bringing the food, refilling drinks, cleaning the tables and checking people out - needless to say it was a slow go. A few years ago we loved this place and now we are on the fence.....
2	I have heard about this place for years. This past weekend we decided to try it. It was obvious that if you are a regular, you are treated quite well. The servers knew the names of the customers and treated them like they were part of the family. Our server acted like we were from outer space. In fairness I did not see him interact with any other customers, so perhaps he was the issue. The food was good, but there are definitely better Mexican food places in town. Perhaps if this was our normal spot, or we had one of the other servers I would be inclined to try it again. But, it's not and they weren't so we'll probably stick with our usual places.
5	Great experience my first time there. Prompt service and waiter was very friendly and attentive to our large crowd. I ordered the steak chimichanga and the meat was amazing, wasn't greasy surprisingly since it's deep fried! This is definitely my go to spot and worth my drive from chandler.
3	Great food poor service  Everyone had very short moods didn't help us very much and took three request for everything
5	I tried La Fonda Del Sol for the first time and I found it to be a good experience.  Bridget (I think her name was) kept filling up my iced tea.  The two salsas brought with chips were good----one was hot and the other mild but both tasted fresh.  I liked the chile relleno, and also the sour cream enchilada.
4	I live a few minutes from La Fonda and tried it for the first time last night and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. From the outside it doesn't really look like anything special, but the food was great and the service was good. I really enjoyed my topoppo salad and their salsas are delicious! I wasn't thrilled with my margarita, but that was my only qualm. I'm happy to have found good Mexican in my neighborhood!
3	Good Mexican food not the bestService is kindFavorite is the chimichanga with sour cream mmm also love their chips
5	We ended up here because it was almost 9PM on a week night.  First time and we had a bogo coupon from the entertainment guide as well.  We both loved everything.  Being the last customers for the night I totally expected the staff to be butthurt but they weren't.  Everyone we encountered smiled and was friendly.  Several other tables emptied and it was close to closing time, the mop never came out, they didn't start flipping the chairs upside down on the tables. I had the La Fonda Chimi which was wonderful.  He had the chicken fajitas and they came with the usual on a separate plate. I loved the guacamole and the salsa. The chips were hot and fresh. I will definitely be back!
1	Just because a place has been there awhile does not mean you will have a good dining experience. Yes, the chips are free and warm, but they are very thin and if you are dipping, most will break in half. Fonda uses that dumb salsa in a jar style which still makes no sense (Give us a bowl of salsa). My main course was a watery, messy disaster and the owner who I will call "mama" could barely defend her chile relleno after I called her out on the nasty food. The coating on the tiny pepper fell off and somehow it looked like my plate got flooded with pepper juice or an unknown liquid, possibly from the watery beans (see pics). Mama did shoot back a comment, but never full stood at our table and chatted after she got a negative response from me over the standard "How is everything" question. Keep serving up that slop mama and believing your Mexican food is good, but the smart diners will go elsewhere for a better experience. If I wanted soup, I would have ordered it mama!
5	I used to come here all the time a few years ago and then I slowly forgot about it as I got into a new relationship. We decided to pick up takeout because I was craving Mexican. Oh boy, I'm so glad because it's so good! Yes, I'm eating as I'm writing this. I remembered how I always mixed the hot salsa with the mild to get the perfect salsa and they sell pitchers of margaritas! My boyfriend enjoyed his meal, so we're definitely coming back. He even said he'll bring his friends. It's one of my favorite hole-in-the-wall joints! Oh, by the way... I'm eating the chicken fundido! :)
