5	Our favorite thai restaurant.  The food is delicious and the staff are super friendly.  This is a cute, quiet little restaurant.  Pricing is very reasonable and selection is great.
5	The food is extremely tasty and the prices are more than fair.  I was surprised by just how quickly the food was brought out too.  As for the service, it was excellent.  Both the server and the cook were bright, happy, and welcoming.  I recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a tasty Thai lunch without having to break their wallets!
5	I love this place.The food is excellent, and the quantities: plentiful without being too much.  Of course, their Pad Thai is good, as are their curries, and everything else I have tried.The staff is very friendly.  The ambiance is nice.  They have deep booths, but provide pillows if you don't need to sit too far back.Everyone I take here loves the place, even my friend who claimed to hate Thai food said this place made him rethink it.
4	Siri Thai took over where a King & I restaurant used to be. I had been to the King & I a few times and found it to be good but not great.Siri Thai is a significant improvement over King & I as I was happy to discover.My friend and I began by sharing a Som Tom Papaya Salad, which was very fresh and flavorful. We then shared an order of Pad Thai with shrimp which was one of the best Pad Thai's I've had. Very tasty and not at all greasy. We also shared an order of vegetables with a spicy mint sauce. We asked for the hotness to be a 4 on a scale of 5, and it turned out that the spiciness over-powered the flavor of the mint and vegetables. No fault of the restaurant. It was our first time there and will now better in the future.The restaurant was very clean and attractive and the wait staff was very friendly and helpful.
3	This small, but nice Thai restaurant wasn't a bad little spot.  My friend and I ordered the Tom Kha ($8.95), Pad See Ew ($8.95), and the Red Curry beef ($8.95).  I wasn't overly impressed with any of the food, but for this area of town I think this could be a little gem of a Thai restaurant.  The Tom Kha with chicken was my favorite dish.  It had lot of fillers like lemongrass, galanga, tomatoes, and little red peppers that made my mouth scream!  It was nice and sour, and the chicken/mushrooms were right on par.  We ordered a 3 out of 5, and it was quite a bit spicy with that extra red pepper in it.  If you are sensitive to strong tastes or spiciness, you might ask them to tone this one down!Next up was the Pad See Ew, which my friend liked a lot.  It was a bit saucy for me, which gave it a sweet and salty taste that was a bit much for my taste.  I prefer a drier, less saucy version of this dish.  The Chinese broccoli was good, along with the chicken. The red curry was suggested to us by the waitress as being one that wasn't sweet, so we ordered that with beef.  This was a very simple red curry - no sugar added.  There was a lot of bamboo in it, but the shoots were nicely prepared, so I liked them in this dish.  The only thing that was lacking was a real character or uniqueness to the curry.  I wouldn't say that it stood out at all; its just a basic, authentic red curry.  Since this spot is on the opposite side of town, I wouldn't venture this far to come here when there are several really good Thai restaurants closer to me.  However, if I was in the neighborhood more often, I could make a habit of coming here on a regular basis.
4	Good quality food for a neighborhood joint.  Out of all the thai restaurants in the neighborhood I like this place the best.The people that work their are friendly and it actually looks like a nice place to hang out.I had the Tom Kha, chicken larb, and pad thai.None of these are the best I've had in town but, it taste good and work if you live five min away.I liked all three and I'm going back tonight cause I'm craving some larb and duck curry and I don't feel like driving all the way komol, lotus of siam, or thai grill.If you are in the nieghborhood def, hit them up.
2	The place is small but cute and the food is just okay. We tried the basil fried rice with vegetables and panang chicken curry. The last time I had basil fried rice was in my fave thai neighborhood restaurant in Toronto and the rice here just did not cut it! It was more chilly and needed more salt...I counted about 10 chillies in the whole dish(as I had ordered a 3/5 on the hotness ratio;)My easy to please man found the panang curry just ok too. We also tried the iced coffee which was too sweet for me.The staff was friendly but took long to take our order even though the place was relatively empty.overall, its ok...i've had better!
4	My new favorite restaurant! It's very close to my house, and replaced King and I which I didn't care for, so was hesitant to try this one. Glad I did! I tried some new things: Tom Yum soup-fantastic blend of flavors, their pad thai is really good, and my husband loves their beef jerky appetizer. I also love their fresh spring rolls. Oh, and one of my favorite things is the Thai Tea..kind of an ice tea drink, with cream. Be aware, though, that it is very sweet, but delicious. I have taken all of my out of town guests here over the past couple of months (I had a month with alot of company!) and they loved it as well. I have a favorite server, Julie, who has a great sense of humor and makes the visit more lively. It's a little hole-in-the-wall place, but the decor is very comfortable, and personal with pillows in the booth for comfort. Can't wait to go back!
5	I will be back! Excellent service, excellent food. Had the Tom Yum soup and the Spicy Chicken. I did order both spicy, next time I will order medium. I would order either again and am looking forward to trying thier other dishes. Siri Thai is added to my favorites for dining. Prices  here are fair and service is quick.
5	The thought of eating here makes me happy. The Thai Beef Salad is so good I wish I could eat it every single day. I'd walk in and they'd say "Oh Ryan, here's your beef salad!", we'd high-five and I'd go home and enjoy my sweet prize.Did I mention this food is awesome? Please stop reading this and just stuff your face.
5	This place was so delicious I went back the very next day and ordered again. The first time I ordered Spicy chili mint noodles, cucumber salad and Roti. I had no idea what roti was...WOW. Everything was fantastic. I always end up screwing around when I bring home food, so I usually have to reheat whatever I get to go, but this was still hot even after my wandering around trying to clean the house a bit before eating. The cucumber salad was like the onion cucumber salad I make at home and keep in the fridge but a bit sweeter, I wonder how they did that? :) And the roti was like a sweet delicious pancakey, flaky, sweet thing that I warmed up and put ice cream on. Mmmmmmmmmm!!!The next night I ordered a Pad thai and Kra pow with chicken ( I wanted to assure I had leftovers for the next day since I was off. ;)  )  And I was blown away. Some of the best pad thai I have ever had, and the Kra pow was phenomenal. I saw there swollen and full to the gills looking at the take out boxes with remorse that I did not have another stomach to fill, then brightened when I realized I was going to have it tomorrow as well! Yay!  So even after three days together, Siri thai and I were happy. Its my day off again...I may have to go again. ;)
4	Excellent food....... super fast delivery........ what else is there to say?
3	Some Pros: They don't close in the middle of the day like most Thai restaurantsThey deliver ($3 fee, $15 min purchase)My fiance and I have eaten a LOT of Thai food in many places so we're Thai food snobs. If you're like us then you'll likely find this place as we did: mediocre.  We've had of varying spice levels and veg/meat options:Fresh spring Rolls "Paw Pia Sod"Egg Rolls "Paw Pia Tod" Green Curry "Kang Khiaw Wan"Bangkok SteakBasil Fried RiceBasil DuckFried Rice Thai Style*Pad Lad Nar (on menu but I always thought it was 'lard na'?)Panang Curry*"Tom Yum" soup** = best picks from what we've triedThere seems to be a shortage of fresh vegetables in dishes (i.e. Panang curry with bell peppers is 5 tiny pepper strips (I've counted); fried rice dishe pics shown with cucumbers but comes with none, mushrooms are rubbery, etc).We keep ordering because they deliver and it'll do in a pinch when one has a craving for Thai!
4	I went here on a weeknight and we were the only people in the place, but someone had recommended it to us so we weren't too worried. Great food, but doesn't seem any different than all of the other Thai places in Vegas I've tried. We got the spring rolls, cucumber salad, tom kha with shrimp, tom yum without mushrooms, vegetable green curry, and combination pad thai. I ordered my curry at a level 3 on a scale of 1 to 5 and it was HOT! My friend got the pad thai at a level 4 and I didn't think it was spicy at all... maybe they mixed up the spice levels. Add some Singha and fortune cookies and it's an overall good meal. I'd go here if you live nearby, but don't venture too far out of your way. Staff was nice.
5	I really liked this place a lot.1.  Service - Excellent. We were served by Julie, the daughter of the cook/ owner and she was very, very pleasant. She was always spot on with her recommendations and if she did not know something, she would simply tell us.  I enjoyed the service very much.2.  Food - I liked the food here quite a bit.We had the -Tom Yum Gai - Nice and spicy, we ordered this for two and had it very mild.-Tom Yum Kung - Nice and perfectly spiced, we ordered this for another two to share and had it at a 4 / 5 spice and it was awesome. Just the right amount.- Eggplant with ground pork - All I can say is usually I do not order eggplant and this was a very nice dish and the ground pork was the best part of it.- Penang Curry - I just love curry and this was very nice. I could of just been happy with this.-BBQ Short Ribs - A whole plate of ribs, Very tender and juicy. I found a bit too much sauce on it, kinda heavy, but what a great deal and good taste overall.-Regular Rice - I find that having regular rice with all this stuff is the best way to absorb all the flavors.  It is simple and satisfying. 3.  Come Back Factor - I liked it so much and so did the wifey, that we are going back soon.  We went with very good friends on our anniversary and had a great time being here.GK says, check this place out!
5	i LOVE this place. the staff is awesome. the food is fantastic. i've had most of the menu and i love everything i've had. i go there for lunch at least once a week, sometimes more.
4	This used to be The King & I.   It sits in a small strip mall near Taco Bell and the DQ.  If I would have known this ahead of time I could have planned accordingly for a blizzard.I placed a phone order for Crab Rangoon, Tom Yum Kung soup, Crab Fried Rice, and Chicken Panang Curry.A little advice, and the reason they got 4 stars instead of 5... If you call and it sounds really busy in the background and the lady on the phone sounds rushed when she tells you 20 mins, you might want to take that time frame with with some mint chili and sit on it a little longer.  However, the service staff were really nice and offered me a drink while I waited.  They were nice and accommodating in spite of an old white impatient hag of a customer, about to blow her $5 wig for waiting too long, taking up all the limited counter space.  I think I saw the cheap glue melting off that weaveAnyways while the staff are all nice and accommodating, they do seem slightly inefficient, often partially cleaning a table, only to stop and finish something else that did not seem to be of immediate concern.  But I cant completely fault a mom and pop joint during the peak of an extremely busy dinner rush.The Food:The Crab Rangoon - Usually I have a complaint of not enough crab in the mix, from other places.  Here there was almost too much...the mix could have been a little lighter.  However, it was still really good.Tom Yum Kung - I ordered this medium spice level, it was a little mild but delicious.  Each flavor ingredient comes through.  Good quality shrimp, but the tails still on.  I believe rice-straw mushrooms were used instead of the typical White Agaricus mushrooms.  The flavor balance is a little heavier on galangal and lime leaves than my ideal.  I still prefer a little more tomato in the mix than they do here.  But the soup was excellent regardless.Crab Fried Rice - They give a lot!  The to-go container was heavy.  The flavor was a little subtle and light.  If this was all that you ordered it might be a bit bland.  However with a little of the Panang Curry, the light flavor was ideal Chicken Panang Curry - Usually I do not prefer coconut based curries, but decided to give it a try.  It was extremely good, smooth and not too strong in coconut flavor.
5	Really Really great! The service was wonderful and the atmosphere was great. Our food was amazing!
5	I love yellow curry and this place I think has one of the best!! Plus the food is always consistent and the service is friendly.
5	This place may look average, but the food is authentic.  Shrimp tom yum  was excellent. And green curry spicy and delicious. This place will be a regular
5	Great place to take the whole family. We showed up without warning-8 of us-and they accommodated us without blinking an eye. Will definitely go back.
3	I was a bit skeptical coming here, but I was craving Thai food! It's like a drug or something.  My favorite thai place in Las Vegas is actually quite some distance away, and this was one of those nights where I did not want to drive far to fix a craving.  So what did I do?  I went on yelp and started researching.  First off, search Thai food in Henderson Area.  Siri Thai pops up and I start reading reviews.  Not much that caught my interest, but I decided to visit their website.  I was hungry and time was running short so I decided to call and place a take out order.  Lady picks up, accent. SUCCESS!  When I hear an Asian accent I think authentic cuisine...well sometimes it works, sometimes it does not.  Here what I have to say about Siri Thai: I ordered 4 dishes that night (yes all for me, but I enjoy a variety of dishes and I can eat it for a span of about 3 days).  Phad Kee Mao: This is my favorite Thai dish and every Thai restaurant I go to, I have to order it.  I'd have to say, I was very impressed with this dish.  All the right flavors where there, great ingredients, and they used the right noodles. A+!  If this was the only dish I ordered, maybe Siri Thai may have gotten 5 starts, however there were some downfalls in the other dishes.  Stuffed Chicken Wings: Ok, this dish is not very hard to mess up.  I mean, it's fried chicken!  I opened up the foam box and it smelled wonderful, however that first bite was unforgivable! Old, dry, stale piece of chicken that was refried to heat it up....yes...refried.  How do I know?  because the stuffing inside was hard and unable to be chewed with satisfaction.  I don't know if this is how they serve the dish at Siri Thai, or if this was a one time thing and I was the lucky lottery winner that got the old piece of chicken...but it was bad.  *Tossed in the Trash*  minus 1 star! Tod Mon: This is another dish that I enjoy eating at thai restaurants.  Basically it is fish paste with green beans and seasons with fish sauce and other ingredients.  The flavors were all there in each bite, however each bite was accompanied by a shot of salt.  Yes, very salty!  If they lighten up on the salt, it'd be a wonderful dish!  Pad Prig King: This was my first time trying this dish and I wasn't sure what it's suppose to taste like, but I enjoyed it.  Beef, green beans, green onions in a flavorful sauce.  Great with rice.  Other tid bits is that rice is not included with your meal and you have to order it separately.  I was fine with that, however the rice was overdone and did not much substance to be chewed, rather it just mushed up in your mouth and dissolved. xD Customer service was excellent here!  The ladies that helped me were very nice and the interior decor was quite nice.  Felt like a typical Thai restaurant to me!  I'd definitely be coming back here again, especially for their phad kee mao! P.S.  be careful with the level of spiciness...I ordered a 3/5 and it was pretty damn spicy!
3	The name has changed three times and every time this place has done this, the taste has declined. Spicy chilly mint was one of my favorite dishes. Pad Thai is also no longer the same. It has become to sweet. Also They have smaller portions now.
3	This is pretty much my go-to for Thai take out. I enjoy their drunken noodles, however over time I have come to the conclusion that the meat -- usually chicken -- found in the dish is very dry and relatively tasteless. I have found another spot for my drunken noodle fix.  I love their hot and sour soup and will make the trip several times a week to get my fix of hot and sour soup and trash tv. It is a ritual of sorts. In addition, their Royal Grand Spicy Seafood Combination, Duck Curry, Pad Woon Sen and Crab Rangoon are all highly recommended.  I typically opt for 3/5 spiciness scale and it is just right without building into agonizing fire inside of your mouth as you eat. The staff is pleasant and more than willing to answer any questions or make suggestions if you need them to!
4	Awesome food! Fresh served everytime! My favorite is the Pad Thai and, new on the menu, Calamari. Yum! Also, the Tom Yum soup is really good. Siri Thai is the best Thai restaurant in Henderson.
5	Ordered Tom Yum Soup, Green Curry Tofu, and Spicy Eggplant with Tofu. Was dining with my vegetarian daughter so I to ate vegetarian. Everything was fantastic and the portions were generous and service was great. Charming decor as well. Will definitely come here again.
5	Wonderful
5	Seriously, I eat here too much. It's not because of just the food, the service, or the atmosphere; it's because with all three qualities combined Siri Thai provides a tasty, comfortable and joyful experience. Julie and her chef mom (I don't think they're the owners) are always welcoming and pleasant; it's like going to a friends house and having dinner.  I recommend the Basil Duck.
5	Just for the tom yum soup. Probably one of the better places for tom yum soup in Vegas!
3	This is a very small mom and pop restaurant located in a shopping center.  We shared orders of Thai BBQ chicken and basil shrimp.  Both dishes were good, but I probably would not reorder the BBQ chicken as there are better versions available.  When I tendered my restaurant.com gift certificate, the waitress initially refused it, but the manager somewhat begrudgingly accepted it.  I subsequently learned they dropped out of the program.
4	After a few visits to Siri Thai I can give a very solid 4 if not 4.5 stars to this albeit small but well run Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.First let me point out there are at least 1000 Thai or Thai/Chinese style restaurants in Vegas and most are about average. There are some standouts and I would define them based on quality of menu selections and authenticity. If they serve deep fried shrimp or egg rolls or any of those other pseudo Chinese dishes I don't consider them a "Thai" restaurant.Siri Thai started off as an offshoot of the popular Thai/Chinese restaurant "King and I" on Maryland which built a location in Summerlin as well.The relationship only lasted about a year due to the exact type of differences on menu that I outline above. King and I is very Thai/Chinese and Siri wanted to be more of a traditional Thai restaurant.Enough history, now to get to the review. With some great traditional dishes and specials Siri Thai has something for everyone who enjoys authentic Thai Cuisine. Their menu is a bit short but I feel this allows them to focus on quality.Their ingredients are always prepared fresh and their service is very good.The owners mother still works in the kitchen overseeing the quality of the dishes and you can be assured your meal will hit the table hot and prepared with care.If you like Thai its worth the trip up Eastern to check out Siri Thai.On a side note.Unlike some establishments that question Americans seeking spicy food Siri will make the food as spicy as you'd like. Believe it or not there are times when restaurants refuse to spice the dish as you request opting rather to bring it on the side and let you add it yourself. I think this relieves them from liability and the option of you sending the dish back to the kitchen.Lotus of Siam also will make the meal as you request which is another trade mark of an authentic Thai restaurant.
5	Had the chao choe salmon.  It was AWESOME!
3	This place has been renamed a few times but the good food still remains the same. I wouldn't bring a party more than 4 or 5 the Max.
5	Oh...Siri Thai, you sure have made me a devoted fan of your dish. I loved the cute space and decor! We ordered the chicken massaman is always my favorite thai dish and the flavor was full. We ordered medium spice and it was still too spicy for me so next time I'll be sure to request for mild. I'd say say medium spice tastes like a 6. We also had the Basil with beef and chicken. I'd highly recommend that dish as well. The entrees are good for two or three depending on how hungry the parties are, and I walked away with a $25 tab.The service was wonderful, and they were all very attentive. I even noticed them offer a regular some water as he waited for his to go order. How nice of them to do that especially since the heat is dehydrating the crap out of us! I'll be back soon for sure!
4	The food is well made.
5	We ate here last week and were blown away by the fabulous food.  We have been looking for our go-to thai restaurant and now we have found it.  It is much better than that other thai restaurant that is always mentioned on tv food shows, plus is it much closer to our home.  We had the panang curry with chicken, green curry with shrimp, Siri Thai fried rice, thai beef salad and papaya salad.  Sounds like a lot and it was.  We took a lot of food home and waited patiently until the following day so we could devour the leftovers.  They didn't make it past noon.  We have been craving it for days already and plan to go there about once every other week.  The flavor of the panang curry was so good, you could taste the ginger or galangal and citrus and even the peanuts.  It was out of this world good.  We ordered all our dishes with a spice level or 2 or 3 and they were all just perfect.  We enjoy spicy but not so spicy where you cannot still taste the flavors.
4	I had the papaya salad- a new favorite dish of mine. It was very good, I ordered it a 4 spicy (as they have a 1-5 scale) and it came out about a 3, which is fine.For my entree I decided to try the house favorite, basil. I had it with tofu and also ordered it a 4. This time it came out perfectly spicy and was delicious! Service was great, and they boxed up all my leftovers for me. Definitely coming back!
4	The food is delicious! I love it, the price, I don't love so much. It used to be quite affordable, but since we moved here December 2011 the price has gone up quite a bit! It's good, but not $35 good (while drinking water mind you!) I would eat there more, but I can't get over the price.
4	I love the chix tom yum at this place.  Tons of nice white meat chix, and the spices are perfect.  This would be a five star place, but they keep raising prices!  The first time I went, it was 7.95.  Two weeks ago, it was 8.95, and today it was 9.95!  Ten bucks is a bit much for soup.  I will still go to this place, but only about once a month now.  If they raise prices again, I'm afraid they will be off my list of places to eat.
5	Delicious curry!!! Perfect blend of herbs and spices, and the tofu is amazing. So glad this is close to my house! Definitely going again.
4	Close by and delicious dishes. Had the boneless stuff chicken wings, Drunken noodle, and garlic pepper chicken. It's not really crowded all three times that I've gone there, which is a shame because their dishes are flavorful and sauces are right on par with what I would expect from a Thai Restaurant.
5	I had an amazing dinner with friends here! We ordered egg rolls, tom kha soup with chicken, papaya salad, beef pad thai, crispy duck(?), yellow curry w/ chicken. The soup and the curry were excellent! By far, the best tom kha I've had in town so far, a plus being the presentation of the soup. It comes in a clay pot over a burning flame. The atmosphere has a warm, comfy feel even though its a small space. The staff was friendly and attentive & they even gave my 7 yr old daughter extra treats at the end which I thought was nice.  I recommend checking this place out & we will definitely be back.
5	It was the first thai place ever I tried in vegas, and it ended up being my favorite. I come here way too often for lunch with my co workers. But the service and the food are awesome. Basil duck is the way to go! Since it is a pretty small place, the only downside is at rare very busy time, the food comes very very slow at big big parties.
3	Lunch specials good! Their Crab fried rice was gd. Richard having red curry n me just the chow Mein. The service was not that great that day. Maybe because they are busy.
3	I thought this place was just okay. I got take out a month ago and can't remember what I got because it wasn't, well, memorable. It gets 3 stars because it wasn't bad, but not great. Nothing stood out to make me go back when there are so many other great options in town.
5	Just finished my first meal for this place! All I can say is AMAZING. the staff is very kind and you can tell they actually appreciate your business and care about making you happy. My girlfriend and I are vegan, and the lady taking our to go order eagerly asked if we were vegetarian/vegan so she could alert the cooks. That's something you don't see. Ever. The food was delicious. I am a Thai lover, and cannot get enough of any sort of curry and Siri Thai does it right. The spice is there, but not overpowering the flavor. I highly recommend this spot if you're considering it!
2	I'm sorry, Imma bout to diss this place.I have wanted to try this place for a while now, seeing how I love thai food and all. I tried it once a long time ago (meh), but I had heard of a menu change recently with new recipes and I was up for it again. I work as a nanny sometimes and I hit this place on the way to my clients house tonight. I did the take-out order and got my usual "thai dish for chicks with weak pallettes"....chicken cashew. I got to the clients house, and the whole time I was playing with the kids, watching Pocoyo, and changing dipeys, I was thinking and smelling my food in the kitchen. As I put the kids to bed tonight (their bedtime is 7p), I opened my long awaited meal.Is this some kind of bad joke? Is it April Fool's day? Did a 4 star Yelp reviewed restaurant really put peanuts in my cashew chicken? I have only encountered such a agregious offense at one other place (see my review on Golden Gate Chinese). Peanuts are not cashews. In fact, they aren't even a suitable replacement for cashews. Peanuts are the court jester, cashews are the King. I had also asked for milder flavors and ended up with a take-out dish full of whole peppers. I couldn't eat it even if I picked out the lowly peanuts.The lady was so nice when I came in to pay that I even tipped them on take-out food. I NEVER do that. If you enjoy Penn's Thai, Naga, or any other 4 star place-don't try this one. You will be disappointed. If a place is swapping peanuts for cashews in my dish, imagine what other corners are cut.
3	Too spicy..Ordered the Tom Khai soup with chicken, which was very good. However our main dish was the Massaman Curry and we requested a 1.5 out of 5 on spice level. When we received the dish and took a few bites, it seemed a bit too much. My boyfriend and I kept eating it but unfortunately the more bites we took the worse the spiciness got!! By the end of the meal I was feeling sick. My boyfriend told the waitress about the issue and she was happy to add some non-splcy sauce to dilute the dish but for me it was too late. Just BEWARE of spice level here if you are not a fan or are sensitive like me :) Otherwise it was good!
3	This place is right around the corner from my work. The staff was pleasant, I think we might have gotten there a little later than they preferred but the experience was still good. The food was good, normal Thai food. Their scale is 1-5 with the 4 being a true 4.
2	They are understaffed.This place is located in a plaza and you really have to drive around in the plaza to find it. It's a small hall in the wall.We walk in and no one greets us, the hostess is taking an order over the phone. We sit ourselves. Five minutes later we get the menu. We give our appetizer, food, and drink order another 10 minutes later because no one would come by our table. The phone seems to be ringing every 5-10 minutes and it is apparent that people are waiting for their take out.Appetizers come out one by one, probably 20 minutes after we ordered them.My gf gets her beef satai probably 20 minutes after the appetizers.I get my pork chow mein probably 30 minutes after I we got the appetizers (40-50 minutes after I ordered it initially).The food was good, but we spent a good amount of time just waiting for it to come.I probably would not come back here... they really need to get more cooks/waitresses..
5	We're just passin' through but stumbled into Siri on our first night (thanks to Yelp) and made a point of coming back on our last night here.  If you love Thai food, this is seriously delicious.  It's a family run, small, simple restaurant that's authentic, delicious, and very reasonably priced.  Portions are good sized to large. We had several currys, each excellent. You have a choice of how hot/spicy you would like and I found 2 (on a scale of 5) was very spicy.   Singha beer is a wonderful accompaniment.  We also had fried eggplant and spring rolls for appetizers - both highly recommended.
4	Too spicey very delicious very nice people
3	Got the Kung pow lunch special. Wasn't too bad. I'm tired of banging my head against the wall trying to find an egg roll in this city. FAIL! Staff was super friendly.
5	I absolutely love this place.  I eat there weekly now.  If my husband goes he knows to bring me back take out.  LOVE IT.   ;)
4	My go-to Thai restaurant previously had been Archi's on Rainbow and 215. After I discovered Siri Thai, no need to drive 15 minutes up 215 to get some quality Thai food. I drove by this place multiple times, but never went in because sometimes I'm skeptical of hole-in-the-wall places. But Siri Thai was a great find.I always carryout, but they are always busy whenever I go to pick up my food. There are usually two ladies working, one older and one younger. They are both very friendly! The very first time I went there, the older lady brought out soup and salads for me while I was waiting for my order. When I went back, she hooked me up with a box of Thai coconut biscuits (?), and they were excellent.So far, I have gotten Spicy Basil, Pad Thai, Pad Kee Mow, Pad See Ew, and Garlic Pepper chicken. They were all great. You get to choose spiciness of your dish, from 1-3, and 3 in my opinion is not too bad. Their Pad Kee Mow was acutally one of the best version I've had so far. A small local restaurant with great food and kind people. Now I don't have to drive more than one block from my house for some quality Thai food!
2	Out of 3 dishes 2 was sub par. We started off with the beef jerky, which was rubbery and tasteless. Then on to the chicken wings which was the only half decent dish, it was cooked perfectly and tasted like any other Thai restaurant. Last but and definitely the least was the Panang. I read a Review on yelp that said it was great... Wtf were they smoking? I like a thicker curry but it was almost gel like, and way too nutty, it tasted like peanut butter. 2 stars for decor because service was poop as well, we asked for no ice in our water and she said ok and then proceeded to put ice in the water. Then she brought our dishes and never checked on us, then left and I guess the other waitress didn't know she was supposed to get us until we asked for the check. Oh well all is fair in love and food.
4	Awesomeness on my plate. This is the best Thai food I have had since moving out of San Francisco.
4	Awsome Thai food!  It brings the heat!   Only has a 1 to 5 on the hotness,  Had the Tom Kia Soup and it was the best I have ever tasted!    Staff are friendly and nice and the food is hot.............
1	Considering that they were shut down in August by the health department, and just got a C a couple of days ago at the next inspection is enough for me to write them off. It lets me know they really don't care about the health and safety of their customer. Last Thursday I got their tom yum soup with shrimp which came out to $12.36 because they don't take card payments for orders under $15. So you're already raping me with your overpriced MSG filled soup, but now add extra .50 cent penalty because my order is under $15. Anyway, I had the soup and shortly after got a headache and upset stomach. I know my body and the reactions it has to certain foods, and I can say with 100% certainty that soup was an MSG filled mess. I am happily writing this place off.
3	3.5 stars for me.  We stopped here on a Thursday night around 6:15pm and the place was almost full.  It's a very small little space in a small little Strip Mall next door to a Dairy Queen.   The service was generally good but missing some enthusiasm and character.We ordered Chicken Pad Thai and a combination fried rice (for sharing with a toddler).  Both dishes were just A-OK.  The pad thai was something I've had a hundred times at many other places and didn't have a flair about it that would encourage me to return to try it again.  They have a very large menu and I would consider returning to try something else.  The chicken fried rice was, well, it was just chicken fried rice.  There are not many options for toddlers in Thai restaurants.  It was good enough for her and for us to share.  I did appreciate the unlimited soft drinks - especially since they were serving sodas in cans.  Most places charge for each can drink.  Siri Thai didn't do that.  All in all - a place that we would probably try again.  It's convenient to our neighborhood and worth a second meal.
4	YUM so good! Nice enough place to dine in and the food was definitely an improvement over our  usual take out place!!! We usually get the Chicken Fried Rice and Egg Drop Soup. I prefer the Tom Yum or Tom Ka soups. SO GOOD and they come in a huge portion so I can always take the leftovers home and eat for lunch the next day. side not: the iced tea is pretty awful. I normally love unsweetened plain tea but this is made from a powder that is normally too watered down. That's it though...great food and super friendly staff!
4	They stop serving in dining room half hour before they close. But take out till close.Yum Wen Sen Salad is my taste test for any Thai restaurant.  This one was classic with lots of ground pork and big shrimp.  I ordered a 3 on the 1-5 - I could have used a 5, but I dig spicy, spicy food.  3 was pretty mild to me.   Pleasant staff, casual warm environment, made us feel welcome even though it was late when we got there.
3	Heart-shaped rice. Too freaking adorable!I came here with the fabulous Jaime W for lunch last week and we had a great meal, mostly due to the company not the food. We came around 12:45 and the place was packed. We were lucky to be able to get the last booth available. They have a pretty large lunch selection and you can add a Thai iced tea for just another $1.25. What a deal. I decided on the basil chicken and it was pretty tasty. Not as spicy as I was hoping when I asked for 4 out of 5 so I'll probably have to ask for a little spicier next time. The sauce was more sweet than spicy, so I'd be curious to try some of their other dishes to see if I like anything a little better. The Thai tea was pretty good as well. The cutest thing on the plate was the heart-shaped rice. You heard me right. Too cute.Service was pleasant and efficient considering how busy they were. Portions were ok. Small, but on par with other Thai lunch specials I've had in town. I'm definitely interested in giving them another try and maybe try some of their other specialty dishes, oh as well as that dessert roti I saw on the menu.
5	Salt and pepper squid.  Yum
2	I am so unimpressed with you, Siri. I met my homegirl Jaime W. for dinner after a long and stressful day. There was only one table with customers when we arrived, so I was looking forward to a good meal in a relaxed setting. What I got was a bland, boring meal served up by some of the worst waitresses I have ever had to deal with. Thankfully, I had good dining company!Jaime was already seated when I arrived, and the waitress came over fairly quickly to take my drink order. It was all downhill from there.  Two men arrived shortly after I got my water and sat at the booth next to us. We were both surprised to see one of the waitresses taking their food order before taking ours... Perhaps I had left my menu open too long and they thought we were not ready to order, but a good waitress would have checked to see if we had any questions. This isn't a huge deal, I was there to catch up with a friend and waiting a little longer than normal to order just gave us more time to chat.We ordered our food and went back to our conversation. Our meals came out relatively quickly and correctly (I had requested no onion in my dish). I just wasn't impressed with my Ginger Beef dish at all. There was an abundance of shredded ginger on the plate but the sauce itself was very bland. The steamed rice was mushy as well. By this time I was out of water. Also, the table that was seated when we arrived was done and ready to pay. I watched our waitress go to them with their check and take away their plates. She went back to get their credit card, took it to the cash register and back to their table. The other waitress was seated at the register during this time. At one point she stood up, looked over the register at the booth where the men were seated to see if they needed anything and then sat back down. Not even a glance in our direction, if she had I would have waved at her to get her attention...  Finally, Jaime got fed up and walked to the register to request refills. This is completely unacceptable in my opinion. Thanks to the piss-poor service coupled with the sub-par seasoning of my dish, I was over my meal. While the waitress was intelligent enough to see that I had left a lot of my meal on my plate (she asked if I needed a to-go box) she was not intelligent enough to ask if everything was ok with the food. Whatever. I won't be back.EDITED TO ADD: Siri Thai was closed by the Health Department of Southern Nevada in August of 2013 for RECYCLING RICE. That is disgusting and has ensured I will never step foot in this place again. See for yourself here: http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-double-dose-Siri-Thai-and-Island-Malaysian-Cuisine-221564581.html
1	Siri was on the news.  They were trying to figure out why they were recycling rice. http://www.ktnv.com/dirtydining/Dirty-Dining-double-dose-Siri-Thai-and-Island-Malaysian-Cuisine-221564581.html Okay, I lied.  I went back.  The pad thai was calling.  This was a stupid move.  We attempted to eat here again on 8/15/13, and guess what!?  The health district has closed them AGAIN!  Over 70 demerits.  NEVER AGAIN!  You are asking to be hospitalized if you eat here.  We have eaten here over a dozen times.  Walked by, tried to consider the Pad Thai, kept walking.The Pad Thai is excellent here.  Sadly, you may be the second or third person presented with the same rice.
5	The $7 lunch special here is where it's absolutely at. Lots of my IRL friends don't like this place, but whatever, I love it. Winners on the lunch menu are the red curry, pad thai, basil chicken. Not so much winners are nothing I have tried yet. The soups are always like a magical surprise. Will it be a coconut curry? An egg drop? Chicken deliciousness? I don't know, but I love knowing they'll put a taste of ecstasy in my mouth. (har har my name's Molly)I think I may even like this place better than Penn's of late. Penn's got too expensive and the food is also lukewarm most of the time. Siri Thai is small, awesome, and a great lunch spot. I'm probs gonna go get some now because I'm hungry for it. Ta-ta!
5	We live very close, and it was raining, so we tried the delivery.  VERY FAST. (the poor delivery girl braved some pretty hard rain, too).  Food was hot and fresh!  Great flavor, too.  The Pad Thai was not the best I've ever had, but it was good and fresh.  The pineapple fried rice was huge!  Large shrimp and very fragrant.  We will probably order from this place at least once a month.
3	Overall happy with the meal and service for my first visit.  I eat a lot of Thai so not 5 stars in comparison.  For a local lunch spot though, definitely a place to return to.  I discovered the lunch specials in the back of the menu so went with Red Curry.  Came with a SMALL salad, soup, rice, mini-fried spring roll, and the dish...all for just $6.95!  Great ingredients and flavor but I'm a portions guy and the main course was in a small bowl, so would have preferred a bit bigger.  But still, for the price I can't complain.  Asked for 4 out of 5 on spice and at first seemed like they gave me a 2, but once I got to the bottom, I found all the heat. So be sure to mix your dish up if you like it to burn like I do!Anyway, overall not a Must Eat, but if you're in the area and can't decide, they're worth a stop...you won't be disappointed.Had to amend my review with a final note. Upon close out, I was both impressed and let down at the same time.  The small touch of watermelon slices was very nice.  But was then informed there's a minimum charge if you have credit card, so because I didn't have cash, they added a charge fee to my bill.  Come on, really?
5	Me and my husband discovered this restaurant online. We have never actually been to the location before. The food is always very good. I regularly order the Thai veggie fried rice (extra hot) and they always deliver some of the best fried rice I have ever eaten. I also get their red curry which is always great. The portions are also HUGE. When I get the fried rice, I eat for at least three days. Also, every time we order they say it will be 45 minutes to get to our door and it never actually takes that long at all. Usually about 20 minutes or so. One other sort of special thing that they do is sometimes there is something a little special with our order. The first time we ordered they included some ginger candy. It was not very good but it was a nice surprise. Another time it was coconut cookies which my husband enjoyed very much.
5	I would recommend this restaurant to ANYONE WHO LOVES THAI
5	Bomb! Every time! So good.
1	So I tried to eat here but I guess they didn't want my business at all. I walk in with my girl and her daughter to eat dinner. At around 8:10pm. They advertise being open until 9pm online and on the front door. We were in the mood to sit down and eat. They tell us after coming in that the kitchen is closing and they would only do a to go only order. Now this is Thai food so how long can it really take to eat meal we probably would have been out of there before 9. Also there was another table of diners in the restaraunt eating at the time. With this kind of service why would I even waste my time. Now you get a one star review from me and I'll never return. Smart move, keep up the good work!!
4	Discovered this Thai/Chinese restaurant recently since it's across the street from my new house. I've had lunch there once and dinner once so far. It is a small place. It only seats about 35. Nice, classic chinese/thai atmosphere. Lunch is a terrific deal. You get a complete meal including soup, salad, entree, rice, tea and a drink for about $8. The food was delicious. I love the Pad Thai combination plate with chicken, shrimp, and beef. Tonight we had dinner which is served family style (each dish is a big plate intended for sharing). I had the Pad Thai again plus we ordered Cashew Chicken, Pineapple fried rice and Crab Rangoon. The Crab Rangoon was the best ever. The rest of the dishes were excellent as well. Dinner is more pricey, around $12 per plate. The servers were very nice and polite and accommodating.
4	Favorite Thai food outside of Chinatown. Never disappointed. Try the spicy eggplant. They always provide great service and you cannot beat the lunch specials' portions and price.
5	I'm updating my review because I felt that since we've made Siri Thai a weekly dinner night, it deserved 5 stars. Can't emphasize enough how friendly the entire staff is. The delivery is very quick and always fresh and hot. Wonderful variety of Chinese and Thai menu options. Favorite right now are the tom yum soup, massaman w/chix, Mongolian beef, crab rangoons and chix fried rice. YUM
1	Terrible terrible terrible customer service. Went here multiple times because of the food. Never will order again. I've talked to them to order food and she confirmed the order and then I went there she didn't even have my order at all... Like Wtf. She told me 20 minutes. Went there in 25 minutes did not have anything and gave me an attitude. Second time, called to order pick up and they said they were closed but it wasn't even their closing time. Asked for their last call and they said 8:45 and i called at 8:40. Lazy people. I've worked in a kitchen and would never close early.
1	This place sucks. I got a 2/5 and my girlfriend got a 4/5 spice level for chicken pad Thai. She crushes all spicy foods! But this garbage was so spicy we could only handle a couple bites...waste of 25 bucks, mine was definitely not a 2 so they screwed that up. The first time we had it, they got the spice levels right but it was just mediocre pad Thai. Would not reccomend this place, plenty of other Thai out there.
4	Let's make this simple. Here is what u need to order here:1. Soup = Tom yum or Tom kha shrimp.2. Salad =Thai beef/chicken salad, larb, nam sod and my vegetarian favorite papaya salad. You pick there all good.3. Main course. = kana moo grob or crispy pork (same thing). This dish hands down is my favorite. The basil dish, garlic pepper and ginger am dish are good also.4. Curries= your choice. Your tastebuds.5. Drinks = young coconut and/or Thai tea/coffee.6. Desert = hands down coconut ice cream. If that doesn't do it for u then sweet Roti.
5	I'm a Thai guy. I love going here because it's so close. The food is dumbed down a little bit to fit the American palate but the pad Thai is good. The ingredients are fresh. I give this place five stars because I want this place to stay in business forever.
5	This is a little whole in the spot I ran into randomly and I absolutely love it so authentic the food is amazing !
4	If its my first time at a restaurant I usually check yelp reviews, but this time I didn't because the friend I was with said she's been here before and liked it. (My Thai Food Adventure Friend -- we've been to almost all the Thai restaurants in the valley :) fun times) If I had seen the reviews especially the ones about the C rating and the demerits I would've not ate here. I hope by now they made the necessary changes. Damn straight I hope they did -- because now I'm wondering if they recycled the rice... We had the Pad Thai with Chicken and Panang Curry with Tofu. I LOVED the Pad Thai! It was flavorful and the right amount of sauce and a little greasier than other Pad Thais (which isn't bad at all, the greasiness worked well with this Pad Thai ). The noodles were thinner in width which I liked, which was different and made it a memorable Pad Thai. The spice levels are different compared to other Thai eateries, this one had a scale of 1-5. We asked for a 3. The spiciness was okay, at least for my taste buds, by the way ...I love spicy food! I should ask for a 4 or 5 next time.  Portion is okay, we were both hungry and got full quickly and we ended up with leftovers. Which is great in my book, I LOVE Thai Food! By the way...FYI We are not the girly type, we love food! We have pretty big appetites. The Panang Curry with tofu was good. The tofu slices were huge compared to other places but I wish there was more curry in it. I like to pour the curry over my rice. The curry was the main thing I was looking forward to since I haven't had Thai in a few months. 1 star less for "not enough curry."The overall ambiance of the place was clean, cute, with warm inviting authentic decor. It felt like we were eating at a relatives house. Oh, and what was unique and stood out to us was the comfy cushioned booths with PILLOWS. Uh... Do some people get a kanak attack (food coma -- in Hawaiian Pidgin) after eating here?! We almost did.The price was okay, our bill was about $20, I expected it to be higher. Service was great, waitress was nice and helpful, we had no complaints. Ill be back again but only if I know they have a good A rating! I will keep an eye out from now on.
5	Best local Thai food hands down! I recommend Kung Pow with steamed tofu and additional pineapple.
5	Still ma favorite thai place. Currently obsessed with basil fried vegetable brown rice with no egg for my vegan self! YOU GOTTA TRY IT!!
5	Very good food, excellent customer service. my favorite is the salted fish fried rice and pad Thai.
4	I would come back to try more dishes! Had the beef see ewe n Singapore noodle, yummmm :)
5	I have been ordering from Siri for years, and mostly have it delivered to my home. I love their yellow curry, basil chicken..and my current favorite, almond chicken with lots of water chestnuts. I could go on and on!! They are always accurate and courteous..and fast for home delivery. Love it!!!
2	I'd give this place more stars if they didn't lack in hospitality. I mean could you just crack a smile??? I mean even when I say thank you they can't even acknowledge the courtesy that is being passed to them. I'm a server myself and of Thai background, ladies...find a little zen in your life. Serving is a great job and I enjoy what I do. Great food though, just too many resting bitch face waitresses.
5	Always love eating here. Friendly staff, prompt, attentive service, great selection & absolutely delicious. Every time.
1	The pad see ew can be described in three words: Eww eeww ewww! I hate to say it, but I'd give this place zero stars if I could. I was in the area and since this Thai restaurant had 4 out of 5 stars, I thought I'd give it a try. Seemed like a sure bet...I mean 4/5 stars on yelp, can't go wrong with that right?! Wrong! I've had my fair share of Thai food and this has to be the absolute worst. I ordered pad see ew to go since I was headed to the airport but decided to taste my order while in the car (what can I say, my hunger got the best of me). I opened the box and the smell was just horrid. This "fresh" meal smelled so spoiled my stomach turned!Side note for those of you who still want to give this establishment a try (even though I don't recommend it): they only take credit card on orders of $15 or more
2	The food was good but the service not so much. The waitress was very uninterested and inattentive. Oh well it you want your spirits lifted or like a joyful atmosphere don't come here. This would be a good place for takeout.
