5	We used Jennifer's Catering for a cocktail party we had at our house for 30 people. The food was fantastic. The service was also top notch. The homemade potato chips were so good, and the sauce and little cups that they came in were very unique. All of the guests raved about the food.  The little cupcakes were also a party favorite. They were very professional and we will definitely use them again.
5	Excellent food and service, would definitely use again!
5	Jennifer's did an amazing job catering my wedding. They went above and beyond and took care of the food, rentals, even coordinating live trees for decoration! People are still talking about our hors d'oeuvres stations, (a innovative alternative to the usual buffet), each one a different theme that allowed our guests to graze all night! I would love to use Jennifer's again in the future, one word: flawless!
5	I hired Jennifer's Catering for my parent's 50th wedding anniversary party, and they were fantastic. They made everything effortless for me, so I could enjoy the party. They were always looking for ways to help me out, and ways to make my guest's experiences even more enjoyable. The food was wonderfully delicious, the bartender was friendly and went above and beyond, and the rest of the crew was just as friendly and professional. They certainly exceeded my expectations and I would definitely hire them again.
3	This place has great potential,  I am going lightly and regarding it has opening weekend pains, however at least 4 front of the house employees working and only 4 people in there (my friend and I included in the 4) I expected clearer direction.  I will go back a second time to form my final opinion.  So below will be my first impression.I walked into to who I think my be one of the owners, there is no signage to indicate that you order at a cash register and not sit down.  (I personally think they should reconsider this format)  He starts handing me menus and telling me specials and I don't even know what I am doing.  So we walked off and sat down at a table since no one told us to order at the cash register and the giant chalk board when you walk in  has a monthly calendar versus directions with arrows that say "seat yourself" and "order this way"  Anyway, we sit down and all and there is one other table in there right next to us.  I server is talking to them so we assumed that she would help us next.  After sitting there for 5 mins we finally figured out that we are suppose to order at the register.  I don't mind this format as long as it is done efficiently.  My only suggestion is that you make sure the customer knows what to do and put the deserts and some deli/cold items BEFORE the register, along with the jams over by the sitting area.   We order, get a number and sit down.  We ordered and split the Nosh (cheese board) and Cuban pork sandwich.  Both were very good and my only comment would be to include a jam or honey with the blue cheese.  However the sandwich was flavored perfectly and found it rather delightful.  It was delivered by a server and another girl who must be learning to be a server, they had a discussion on how to present and we had to sit there and wait to eat while we were used as training and the girl in training was clearly nervous and the girl instructing was say things like "your going to have to learn"  it was rather uncomfortable.  I would recommend writing down what you want to say to describe the food and straight read it.  But that's me.Anyway, overall the food was good and if they improve the flow of the restaurant and front of the house service they will crush Arcadia.  I will be back in a couple weeks to give it another try and I am looking forward to trying their dinner with some slight spins on comfort food.
5	Awesome new place in Arcadia, food and wine was very tasty. We tried several items and loved all of them. They even have a great kids menu.  Great outdoor seating
5	Love the neighborhood feel and location of this restaurant.  Every dish we ordered was outstanding.  Can't wait to try the Grab and Go options!
5	I LOVE this place. I hate to use such a lame phrase, but this stuff is the definition of delicious and nutritious -- heavy emphasis on the delicious. Everything tastes really fresh and satisfying. Plus, the staff is super friendly and the decor is SO CUTE. They have this little beverage station that is a million times more adorable than a soda fountain. It kind of reminds me of the mimosa bar at my sister-in-law's bridal shower. This will definitely be a new lunch spot for me. My boyfriend loves charcuterie boards, so I will be bringing him in to try the nosh boards. Hopefully I can talk him into the fondue!
2	Cute space and decor - this place has potential. The only reason I am giving this place a low rating because the food was not very good. I ordered the Shrimp Po-Boy, it came out cold and the complete opposite of what a Shrimp Po-Boy should taste like. The shrimp was small and cold, the sandwich basically tasted like a salad in a stiff baguette. I was so disappointed, I wanted to cry because I was looking forward to fried shrimp in a warm baguette. For $11 I would expected something amazing.Definitely not coming here again :(
5	The concept is a bit different. You order at the counter and service brings the food to you. They just appeared to have opened. My wife and wanted something casual for dinner which this place provided.  At the end of the day, restaurants are about the food and this place has excellent food. Great cheese platters and $20 steak. Once this place gets going, it is going to be one of the Acadia go to spots.  If you are a foodie who likes casual joints. You will love this place.
5	I don't yelp much but I want to see these guys do well.  The food is great.   The atmosphere is really cute.   Loving the nosh boards and the unique wine selection.  Fun place to relax with cheese and a drink.Try the chips.
5	VERY excited about The Market by Jennifer's. As in, I tried it this past weekend, and oh, I'm already going back today. I was excited to see that the place was packed because I want this market to be around for a long time.The LOCATION is great.  In the complex with Antique Gatherings, Poor Little Rich Girl and Zipps, Right next to Crudo, and facing 36th Street. They've taken limited exterior space, and managed to make a great outdoor patio (that doesn't face Indian School - yay!). INSIDE - ohemgee. Exposed ceiling, french-inspired chandeliers, and cafe tables. The devil is in the details, and they nailed it. Even the water beverage bar is on a french industrial table, while the order numbers for your table are made of solid wood with bold-font numbers. It feels provincial, trendy and local at the same time. I like a well-designed space.  The SERVICE was great.  Diners order at the counter and the food comes to you. As soon as we walked in, a server told us the process, gave us menus and told us to make ourselves comfortable at a table while we decided.  This avoids a long line at the counter.  While we sat and looked at the menu, we were served water and asked if we had questions.  (Although this is an order at the counter cafe, we never had to get up to refill our water glasses.  The servers were on top of this for us.)And we did have a question - which of the MENU items do we try because they all sounded ridiculously good.  Traditional lunch and dinner entrees and "nosh boards." We went for the Molten Fondue Nosh Board because we were on a diet (I kid, I kid.) Fresh fruit, locally-made sausage, bread and pretzel bites on a great wooden board with a small cruet of fondue. It was a prefect light lunch for two.  And it was so good that when we finished the board, I was honestly tempted to drink the few remaining drops of the fondue straight.  (Maybe they should offer this as a cocktail "molten fondue, neat.") We didn't have dessert or pastries, but the looked worth the splurge.Last but not least, the "GRAB N' GO "  A fridge of prepared entrees that you can buy and pop in the oven at home. I was excited to see entrees in a range of palates - sophisticated choices for an adult get-together to comfort food for the kiddos. (I hear the mac n' cheese is so addictive you should warn your arteries.)My only point of contention (every review has one) is that they are closed two days - Mondays and Tuesdays.  Deal breaker?  Nah. I'm hoping they're testing the waters and might compromise on one day for those of us hoping to pop in to grab an entree or two for dinner.So clearly, I'm a fan. I will probably become a Norm-like regular. Cen Pho / Arcadia was crying for a place like this - casual, easy with exceptional food.  Yay. Yay. Yay.
1	Initial experience left a HORRID TASTE IN MY MOUTH and I never even tried the food!!!!!Just had an -interesting- conversation with the girl who answers the phone, Amanda. WOW.After being asking what I was calling for (catering an event, duh!) I told her what I needed, I was put on hold, phone was answered again by Amanda who acted like she hadn't just talked to me 6 seconds before and asked the same question again. Her absolutely lack of professionalism quickly wore down my patience. I felt like I was dealing with a 15 year old!!In the middle of asking me what our date was for our wedding, venue, etc., she blurts out "Oh, you know there is a 5k minimum for December. You know that, right?" I was baffled by the way she said this, as well as there was no surrounding explanation or context... When I asked "Why?" She laughed at me and then said "Well, thats just our policy." Okay, that's fine. There are much, MUCH better ways of presenting this to a prospective client. Also, you probably shouldn't say it to someone when you don't know what their budget is or how much they are willing to pay. Moreover, the condescending, rude tone in which you say things like that have a lasting effect. They don't know that they are on the preferred vendor's list at my venue, they don't know specific rules or things that the venue already provides and this girl seems to have no grasp of how to get details from someone without asking the most idiotic questions. If someone keeps saying "We just require a plated dinner, no other services from you." You don't need to keep asking things like "what about cake, what about a bartender, what about hors D'oeuvres?" "NO! Just a plated dinner." Total incompetence, lack of professionalism, rude, and absolutely not a business who I would recommend working with after this brief and exhausting exchange. I wanted to book a simple consultation to try to talk to a coherent adult about food, do a tasting, and then sign a contract --TO GIVE YOU MONEY--! To the owner of this business: (Before I completely wrote you off as my potential caterer) I requested that when I got my call back, I would like to deal directly with the owner, Jennifer. Amanda rudely asked "Why?!?" I told her that I would like to deal with someone who knows the venue that I am booked at, (considering you are a preferred vendor there). I would strongly suggest getting someone else who knows how to deal with customers, has a better "table-side manner", and knowledge of halfway decent customer service. I have had much more pleasant experiences with call center employees.
1	So it seems that the owner of this business is just as unprofessional as her employees!After my conversation with them on Wednesday, today I received a call from Jennifer and a voicemail that was largely sarcastic in tone, as well as unapologetic for her employee's behavior. Also in the voicemail was her distaste for my yelp review that she called "harsh". She does say "I apologize" at one point in a tone and verbiage that is clearly an "I'm sorry, I'm not sorry"."Hi Rae, this is Jennifer with Jennifer's catering... I would love to chat with you. I know that you chatted with Amanda yesterday and I see you had a "very large problem with that", so I'd like to talk to you about that. I apologize if she came across...um... harsh? But... uh, yeah... this yelp review is awfully harsh too. BUT, I think she was just going by the guidelines but, uh... obviously that was very (inaudible) to you so I'd like to discuss."Jennifer ends the message by leaving her number and an extremely curt "Thank you". How inappropriate can you get?!? The only reason you have my information is because I gave it your staff member before I realized what kind of a company I was dealing with. The information was given under the pretense that I wanted to hire you to cater an event, not call and complain about my very accurate, well deserved yelp review and subsequent review update. A tip: Don't call and leave voicemails complaining about yelp to the yelper who left it for you in the first place. How in the world do you have a successful business when you don't know the basics of customer service, hospitality and appropriate business behavior? I'd also like to add, if you had called and were actually professional, apologetic and genuinely concerned about "very large problem" & the poor experience I had in the first place, instead of your yelp reviews, I would have gladly changed/amended it to say that you called and cared. Instead, you shot yourself in the foot and now this is here... To anyone who is thinking of hiring this company, you've been warned! As for me, I've moved on and booked someone else.
5	The Gaslight Square is on fire and this is another bright option to this strip mall. Why am I so hooked to The Market? They didn't copycat any typical new restaurants. All of their interiors are fastidious and tasteful (not just thrown up yesterday) and they definitely have the cafe vibe. I'm excited about the cheeseboard and charcuterie options plus happy hour. Baked goods are very yummy and quiche was gorgeous.  Staff were extremely professional - even making sure that tidying up (sweeping) wasn't a bother to me.Thanks for the great option in our neighborhood! Looking forward to kicking back on your patio this spring. Folks, they also have ample parking... A commodity in Arcadia.
5	Awesome staff, Epic food,  and Rad Happy Hour.  A great Arcadia location and is beach cruiser friendly..
5	Yet another fantastic new dining establishment along the Indian School corridor!!!My company hosted a small catered event at Jennifer's new cafe and everything was fantastic!  All of our 40 guests were very happy with the food, service and overall atmosphere of the of this new cafe.  Every effort was made to ensure our party was fully accommodated.  The food was exceptional and very reasonably priced.  Jennifer and her staff are truly trying to make an impression in their new cafe and it shows. I'm looking forward to adding this a one of my new favorite lunch spot and catering options!
5	I've never written a yelp review before, mainly because I've never really been compelled to. Either the place is great and everyone knows it, or it wasn't that good. Let me tell you though, people need to know about The Market By Jennifer's. I'm sitting on the patio enjoying one of the better views of an AZ sunset I've ever seen, while sipping on delicious wine that is half off (during happy hour only of course), and chowing down on this amazing chips and dip plate (complimentary during HH!!). Karlene, our waitress, was extremely knowledgable and attentive. How is this place not packed?! Truly a hidden Arcadia gem. If you don't know, now you know. Get here.
2	I live right around the corner from this place and have been excitingly awaiting it to open. I had friends in town for the weekend and so we decided this place would be perfect for a late Sunday lunch. I was very impressed when I walked in. They put a lot of thought and effort in creating an awesome atmosphere.We ordered the butternut squash soup, a burger, yellow tail tuna salad, chicken schnitzel sandwich and the Cuban sandwich and shared everything. The soup and chicken sandwich was good, the tuna on the salad seemed off and we couldn't put our finger on what it was about the consistency that just seemed off, I didn't like the Cuban but everyone else said it was just OK and we all thought the burger was horrible. Everything on the burger was bland except the burnt onion. The meat had no flavor AT ALL.I feel that there was a lot of effort put into the atmosphere and the menu was an afterthought. I doubt I will be going back.
5	Finally got a chance to come I here. Been eyeing this place since it started being built out. Although we came here for desert and coffee only, their dinner menu looked liked it has some delicious meals. The desert here was top notch. We had an Apple bourbon stack and a brown butter brownie chocolate chip cookie. Some of the best and more unique deserts I've ever had. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is very laid back. The waitress was telling us about their happy hour and how you can see the sunset from the patio tables. We plan on coming back for happy hour and dinner to see the sunset. I love discovering new local restaurants like this. Come by, check this place out, treat yourself to some good food, support local business, and make sure to tell your friends :)
5	So happy to have this in the neighborhood! I've been there several times and not been disappointed once. I can see how Jennifer has been a long-time successful caterer. The Cuban sandwich is plentiful and delicious. The asparagus, burratta, and prosciutto salad is a nice light offering but still satisfying. Butternut squash soup hit the spot. I enjoyed the fresh shrimp po boy - the shrimp was not fried - which made it feel healthier.I'm not a huge fan of the nosh boards, the corn chips are nothing special and the combination is a bit weird.  Do try the brownie cookies, you will not regret it.
5	The market by Jennifer. My first time here, and I get to tour the kitchen with the GM. So clean. I ordered the wedge salad to start, it's a Iceberg wedge, point Reyes blue cheese, bacon. Hard to go wrong with this salad. I also ordered the rock shrimp poboy. So good. The shrimp were cooked to about medium rare. A chewy, hard crumbly bread was the rock that held all the goodies inside and gave the sandwich more body. What was just awesome was the pickled and roasted pig trotter. Freaking awesome. It came with a light green salad with a citrus vin. So tender, juicy and fattening. But well worth it. You can also grab cold food to go pre made. Some you can heat up yourself. I went the other way and took home an awesome imperial stout. (yes, they have beer and wine to go!) I can't wait to take my girlfriend in to try the meat and cheese boards and have a bottle of wine.
4	First visit...all by myself.  Sunday pre-evening,  kid-free, errands done, glass of wine and a nosh desired.  Drove by, saw a light crowd, a patio, and a bunch of motorcycles.  Clearly not overly pretentious...so I stopped.   I had a very attentive waiter,  a lovely glass of wine, good butternut squash soup and an amazing salad with beets and pistachio vinegrette.  Happiness on a patio!   I look forward to a family dinner here to try the salmon :-)
5	I work right down the street from The Market and often have little down time in-between tanning clients to eat, so I love the convenience of stopping by The Market to pick up a delicious, gourmet meal from their "Grab N Go" section that offers REAL, quality meals that'll nourish and energize me for the remainder of my day. You won't find long lines here or in their parking lot. Parking is a cinch (no valet), which allows me to literally walk in and out in 5 minutes. It's one of the best attributes of The Market that I can greatly appreciate.A hungry girl is no pretty sight so time is of value when it comes to feasting.I'm also here every Sunday stocking up on my Evolution Juices for the week because The Market sells them at $4! That's the best price I've seen so far in the Valley, plus the girls and Richard always have a warm smile to share every time I walk in. The restaurant has an open air feel to it, great packaging for spices and delicious pastries. I've only had one opportunity to sit down and dine, but I'd love to explore their menu more.
1	Sorry, Jennifer'S. Stick to catering where you don't have a customer service component. A service based business should at least require staff to interact with customers. If your staff can glare at customers they can at least fill water glasses.
5	Amazing food and a great staff. Karleen is one of the employees and she always recommends the best items on the menu to eat. We also met Jennifer for the first time and she made the experience even better, very happy and made us enjoy our meal even more. S'mores board is a must try for desert.
5	Everything about the experience here is tops. Happened across it while on my way to a different place, and am thrilled with my decision. The food, wow. I had an omelette. The menu liats three different kind, a pepper, a pok and a cheese. I thought all three  sounded good, so they made a combo and omg it must be one of the best omelets I've ever had! The details of the whole place have been well thought out. From the size of the coffee cup to the music to even a nice little shelf next the to toilet in the bathroom (perfectly clean bathroom, btw)I'd make this my go to diner if I lived anywhere even remotely close!
3	I live very close by and was really hoping Jennifer's would be my new favorite.  Although I was sadly disappointed with the service and confused by my meal, I plan to return to try them out for breakfast.  I was sat by my waitress who came back 10-15 minutes later asking if I was ready to order, yet she hadn't given me a menu or offered me a beverage.  I ordered the herb seasoned fries (delicious! ) and the pork Cuban sandwich.  Someone else dropped off my food, and my waitress never came back. I had to flag people down as they passed to ask for things like a refill and for my tab. The "Cuban" resembled nothing even close to a traditional cuban sandwich.  I thought I received a bbq pork sandwich someone else ordered. It tasted mostly of vinegar (from the pickled shallots) and bbq sauce. The bun was overly charred, black and burned. They were really busy though and all new businesses experience growing pains so I will definitely be back to test out other items on their menu. There was a blond gal who I assumed was either the owner or perhaps a front of house manager that was remarkably friendly. I gave them 3 stars for now and hope to increase it after my next visit! Major plus......pet friendly patio!
5	I decided to try this restaurant based on the good reviews on Yelp. I was meeting a friend for brunch on Sunday the day before Memorial Day. I arrived a little early because I wasn't sure where it was. It is located in Gaslight Square Shopping Center at the back. I suggested that they have an arrow to point where the place was located. I called my friend as I knew she would need good directions to find the place. It was very quiet when I got there so I got good service. When my friend arrived we ordered. She had a cheese omelette and I ordered the vegetable quiche. Her omelette came with shoestring fries and my vegetable quiche came with a salad. She said her dish was outstanding and my quiche melted in my mouth. It was so good. I would like to return as the service was good and there are many items I would like to try. I highly recommend this new place. They also have a Happy Hour as well.
4	What a find in the neighborhood!  I had the chicken and polenta and it was over-the-top fabulous.And the service is wonderful.  What a treat!
5	What an adorable, curious place! Everything I'd heard about The Market is true + infinity! On the very corner of Arcadia's Gaslight Square is a hybrid dine-in restaurant with curbside catering. (If you're short on time prepared food is available for quick "grab and go".)I popped in for a speed lunch with my Yelper friend Su-Shien and was *delighted* by the food, service and decor. Think fancy pants (chandeliers sprinkle the room) with rustic touches (cord is used to tie silverware). The space is intimate yet casual. Two top tables can readily be combined for larger groups. I would love to return for dining IN the kitchen. That's right: There's a bigger table where the magic happens. Friends of mine have eaten there and raved about it. (Soon!)The food is made for sharing. Nosh boards range from meat, veges, cheese, fondue and (get this) plain ole' bread and butter. My first experience was with the charcuterie (meat) board. The menu doesn't do justice to what is delivered. Delicate sides accompany prosciutto, sopprasata, bresola and spanish chorizo. Thinly sliced wafers of bread can be layered with violet mustard, apple chutney and pickled shallots. We made our selection while enviously eyeing the table next to us.....where The Very Jennifer was seated! She's a breath of fresh air! So sweet it (almost) hurts. You'll love her (and everyone else that works there).My friend and I split the Roasted Pork Cuban Sandwich. The pork melted away, deliciously prepared and served on a brioch bun with a side of sea salt chips. Generously sized we were very happy with our portionsHappy Hour! *Every* Day They Are Open. (3-6pm)- 12 oz beers $2- Well drinks $5- Wine by glass 1/2 off Love, love, love this place!
4	This is a great find and a great addition to the Arcadia area! My family stopped in for lunch  and was very pleased with our meals. I had the Cuban which was great and my husband had their burger. You can tell they are using fresh ingredients and there is a lot of attention to detail in the entire experience. I am looking forward to coming back and trying their nosh boards! It seems like a great spot to bring a group of friends for drinks (great wine selection) and we def want to come back and check out brunch which they serve until 5pm- bonus!This place really deserves some love from CenPho people and I hope you all check it out!
4	First time patrons,  Sat afternoon,  quaint place,  fun and fresh decor. Good service.  A bit confusing for a newbie,  seeing that there was no direction as to if you are to wait to be seated, seat yourself or order at the counter.  Great presentation of the meat nosh board and herb fries accompanied by iced coffee(that had no real strength to it) and was surprised that a restaurant like this didn't serve a simple syrup with the coffee, but packets of all types of sugar. Meat nosh board was tasty,  Good variety, could use a bit more cheese and bread for all of the meat they give you,  And the peach chutney was oishii(delicious)! Try, it won't hurt.
4	Great place, great food. Can't wait to go back. However, we're not sure about the use of the apostrophe in the restaurant's name though. Any thoughts?
4	Stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. Parking is easy, right on the corner next to Crudo. I was quickly greeted by a very friendly server who took me over to the cooler to pick out my beer of choice. Ended up having a nice hefeweizen from Temecula, CA.My friend and I decided to split the cheese board, $14. They were out of the brie that comes with it, so they upped the size of the other cheese portions. The goat Humbolt Fog was my favorite. The board comes with dried fruit (similar to the kind you find in trail mix), spiced almonds (loved these) and a very interesting apricot compote (it actually tasted like sausage, but i think i liked it.)The atmosphere is cool and comfortable. It looks like they have some great grab-and-go options as well.I will definitely be back to try more things on the menu, but not when I'm looking for a meal under $12...
5	Fresh, well prepared and inventive food served in a bright, urban environment. Excellent service by well informed waitress. I chose the delicious shrimp and artichoke lemon risotto and my date had the Yellow fin Tuna salad which was sublime. We started with a fresh Asparagus soup that we shared and an absolutely fantastic chocolate bread pudding with caramel sauce.Very reasonably priced for the type of food served. Wholeheartedly recommend this gem.
5	My new favorite place!  Located in the Gaslight Shopping Center in Arcadia next to Crudo (its in the back on the corner).   Cool, casual atmosphere and very affordable for the kind of food they serve.  I've been there multiple times now and everything was incredibly delicious.  I went with a friend and we shared a cheese board and had the most divine asparagus soup.  Was so impressed went again this time with my husband and he loved it as much as me (he raved about his risotto) and I had the Cuban sandwich and then we splurged on some kind of decadent chocolate bread pudding. Ingredients are fresh,  menu is varied and interesting, service was great and place is very clean!  This is worth checking out!
5	I am not sure even how to give this amazing and beautiful neighborhood spot  the words it is due. The service, top notch, we had the kindest server who's only mission was to provide a great Sunday morning brunch experience.The food, made fresh to order with local and organic ingredients when possible. The atmosphere, sweet. Great music, not crowded, and unbelievable attention to detail. From the tags on the wine and beer bottles for sale in the market to the candy cane striped straws and the soft napkins mindfully wrapped with a tiny twine bow. They have a music and event schedule with outside seating. The location is off to the corner so drive around the plaza building if you cannot find it at first.I will be back and look forward to another amazing experience. Thank you.
4	Excellent and fresh.  Going back for more.
4	If you like ambience and creativity this place is for you. They also cater. Awesome brunch menu.
5	I am so happy such a beautiful and intriguing dining experience exists in the neighborhood I was raised in. I am always excited to see gems like this pop up, especially if they are in walking distance from my home!I've been to The Market twice now and each visit has been lovely. The service is both kind and casual, pricing is outstanding, and the overall vibe is warm and unique. I say "unique", due to the space's ability to shine within Phoenix's all too familiar stripmall culture. Something that is incredibly difficult to execute out here.Both visits I have ordered the nosh boards, which in my opinion seem to be their signature offering. I've had the charcuterie, as well as their fondue board and each is stunning in display and just delicious. The flavors of the meats and accompaniments blend perfectly, especially combined with their prosecco. Just perfect! My friend ordered the artichoke risotto and that too was amazing (not mushy or bland). What I value the most about The Market is their knowledge in creating a complete experience for the customer. There's a certain low key flair I appreciate, from the decor to the artisan products they offer. Can't wait to visit for brunch!
5	Get the gnocchi. The waitress described it as pillows of happiness and she is 100% correct. We went for a quick bite after a long week of work and it met all my wants. Quiet, friendly, comforting food. Will have to go back when I have time to relax with a cocktail and nosh board. That is what the neighboring tables were doing and it looked perfect.
5	Loved this place,  I had the seared yellowfin salad, and it was amazing.  It's pricey but worth it .  I would say to order it raw since I got it medium and it was cooked all of the say through, with no pink.  It was still amazing, even over cooked.
5	My husband took me to this place last week and what a delight it was! We went for Sunday brunch. From the moment you walk in, I loved the industrial/rustic feel with the beautiful chandeliers that hung.. 5 of them to be exact. The place is not very big, but that only adds to the charm and cozy feeling. The staff was superb, sharing information about local fresh ingredients used and we even got to taste a special dish that one of them was photographing! The food was phenomena!! My kids are not big "kid meal" type kids, they enjoying eating what the adults enjoy eating and my family felt very welcomed here. Everything we ordered came in generous proportions, very fresh, incredibly delicious, and excellent ingredients... just down right fantastic. I love quaint places like this where the chef comes around to your table and talks to you, it just adds to the whole dining experience! If you are looking for something new that will excite your taste buds, come to this relaxed setting and enjoy fantastic food!
5	The Market By Jennifer's is one of my recent favorites. Today I tried their special of the day: steamed mussels in a coconut curry (I think) sauce. Delicious! Service is always very friendly. Wine list is short but well thought out. I have tried a couple of their nosh boards and the salad nicoise before and they were all very good. Next time I will try to leave some room for dessert!
4	What an adorable little place! The food is amazing!!! The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. The pricing is a little high but the food is delish!
5	Welp, mark this as my new favorite place. We were waiting for the dust to settle a bit and decided it was finally time to visit this new spot. Wow is all I have to say. The decor and atmosphere are great, the service was genuine and some of the best I have had and the food....ohhhhhhh the food. I'm not one to over eat, but I left in pain with how full I was and it was worth it. We started off with the Bloody board -delicious and simple. I ordered the quiche which had chorizo, gruyere and spinach. Amazing! It was a good sized piece with a little salad along side it. I would eat that again a million times. Fiance had the steak and eggs. HOLY SHIT. I just about orgasmed over the flavor of this dish. I have never had anything so delicious and she only serves it on the weekends. If I had unlimited funds, I would eat that every day - morning noon and night. SERIOUSLY. We decided, based on a recommendation, to get the banana's foster nutella bread pudding. We were like, "oh we are full let's save this for later". NOPE. Ate it right there like fat asses...and we ate all of it. There wasn't a bite left and I even upended the caramel container into my mouth. Yeah, that good. I loved our server. They have a little market area with local cheeses and products and flavored salts. He sat with me patiently while I tried every flavor and explained to me why he liked each one, what he used them for and why they tasted the way they did. Another server came up and explained the cheese buying/making process from the local dairies. I freaking loved it there and would return any day for more.
5	We were part of a large gathering of about 25 friends brought together to honor a newly wed couple.  The restaurant did not miss a beat; truly organized.  Tables were nicely arranged and the staff was highly efficient, despite a milling, high-density crowd through which they needed to thread themselves.  Appetizers, salad, main course (four choices) and dessert were delights to the palate.  Even though there were other tables occupied by diners unrelated to our party, the setting was such that they were not obtrusive.  The beer and wine selections were ample but not overwhelmingly large, yet selected with a keen eye.  A tiny wine bar (perhaps they served cocktails) was tucked away in the corner.  The decor was ecclectic -- a colonial style colonnaded veranda connecting through French doors to one large interior room graced by what appeared to be three Czechoslaviakian crystal chandeliers, a large-screen tv, chalk board menus on the wall, an expansive serving portal to the very large kitchen and a wall of glass-doored refrigeration units -- and yet despite this unusual collage of appliances and fixtures, the ambiance of the space was very pleasant.  We all could not have been more satisfied.  This place unquestionably is a winner.
5	Jennifer, Jennifer how wonderful are thee. I might be dating myself when I disclose that I've had the pleasure of eating Jennifer's cooking when she was starting out in catering. At least, I think it's the same Jennifer. Her food was scrumptious then as it is scrumptious now. And creative. And fresh. The location is a bit hard to find but once in, the interior is delightful.  I hope her place success because of the location and she starts to have loyal costumer and a cult following. The kind of place that spreads by word of mouth and people from the neighborhood who Become regulars there all know each other one way or another. A bit of a Friend's place. Just by chance, when Irene V. and I were there, Jennifer herself was there giving an interview to New Times- ever friendly Yelpers we introduced ourselves and Jennifer was equally friendly to us. We had ordered the charcuterie nosh board to share and she generously gifted us with an order of her famous roasted pork Cuban sandwich which we furiously said she didn't have to- but I mean, we're Yelpers and we love food- so once arrived, we helpfully enjoyed the sandwich, exclaiming over the robust flavor!Even without the unexpected gift, I would still write a 5 star review as like I had previously written, I loved Jennifer's food when she was strictly a caterer. Back then she had said she wanted to have a restaurant and I am happy for her her dream has come true. And I wish her many years of continued success!
5	By far the best restaurant I have been to in the valley. Stacy was awesome and so accommodating. The bread pudding was delicious.
1	I've only heard positive things about the Chef of Jennifer's. She is a well trained chef and has worked in many very prestigious restaurants. I came here for restaurant week and whoever prepared the food clearly wasn't Jennifer.The best dish of the six we tried was the soup and sammich appetizer. The soup had little taste and seemed like half and half with pureed squash that was decorated nicely. The sandwich was tasty Grilled Brioche Bread that was stuffed with quality cheese, local honey and fresh pears. My husband had Arborio Rice that was still hard and not very creamy or tasty it was very flat and dry.My second Course was Patagonia Salmon over a  Sunchoke Puree  that was getting broken up by a big puddle of oil. The Fish was topped with not so tasty combination of raw tomatoes, and brown chunks of garlic and some fresh basil. The Fish was edible.   My husband's Fresh Pasta Dish seemed like boxed spaghetti  instead of fresh pasta that was prepared mushy and seemed sort of watery.At this point we were checked on and my husband informed the waiter about Hard Arborio Rice and Mushy Pasta. The waiter seemed sorry about that and walked away.I was hoping that desserts would be redeeming but for me they were the worst part of the meal.My favorite dessert is Lemon Meringue Pie so I was hoping the Mason Jar Lemon Meringue would be delicious. The Meringue wasn't Meringue but tasted like that gooey jarred Marshmallow Stuff called "Fluff" It was terrible to me. Nobody goes out for dinner and expects to receive  jarred "Fluff".My husband was hoping for an apple Tarte Tatin. You can tell by the photo he didn't receive a Tarte Tatin. I didn't taste his dessert because I was too grossed out by the Marshmallow Fluff I just had but he said the dough was really weird. Maybe this is a really good sandwich place and not a dinner place? Maybe i hit this place on an off night and it's a possibility you might get a better prepared meal. I don't know.This was more disappointing to me than the not so fresh sushi I had last week somewhere.Jennifer needs to taste the food her cook prepares before it's too late.I will not return.
4	A fantastic add to the AZ dining scene!  We stopped in today for wine/champagne and a cheese and charcuterie board.  The service was fantastic - our server had a great personality and made the experience an even better one.  The space is shabby chic and just fantastic with all of the doors/windows open on a beautiful afternoon.  We'll definitely be back to try more food and to be our "go to" place for wine and cheese in the Valley.
4	What a charming place to grab a meal!  I came here on a Friday night with my friends.  I fully expected a wait, from reading other reviews, but to my delight there was none.We started off with the bread and butter board ($4).  It came with a few slices of bread, including a pretzel bread, a jalapeno cheese bread, and another kind.  The breads were all great and tasted freshly baked.  The butter it came with was delicious!  If only it had been a bit softer, it would have spread so nicely on the bread.Two of my friends shared the cheese and vegetable boards for their meals.  The veggie board came with a wide variety of veggies, with bread and chips to eat them with.  It was also served with two little cups of dressing.  The cheese board had some different cheese, also with bread and chips, and on the sides little cups of dried fruit and some type of seeds (sunflower maybe?).  They seemed to enjoy them!  Although I heard the blue cheese was a bit strong.For my entree I got the roasted chicken.  After my first bite, I knew I loved it.  The chicken was served at a great temperature - very warm!  It was so juicy - the juiciest piece of white meat I've ever had.  My only dislike was that they sprinkled some peppercorns on top and those were REALLY strong peppercorns.  I had to pick them off bc I didn't like the taste.  Also, they included a sauce on top of the dish that was a bit too salty.  Towards the end of eating the salt became a little overwhelming.  I liked the dish a lot, but if I came again I'd probably try something else bc they had lots of interesting stuff on the menu!tip: it's kind of hard to find, located in the back corner of a little strip mall center type place. another tip is that they sell bundles of local veggies here for $25.  so you can come every Friday and pick up a box of local veggies if you want.another tip: they serve brunch until 5 pm on the weekends, awesome for late risers (like me)!
4	What a cute little restaurant! The husband and I came here to get dessert and coffee one night and it was lovely. We ordered the flourless chocolate cake board.... it was so crazy good, maybe one of the best desserts I've had in Phoenix (maaaaybe). It's a delicious, dense, chocolate cake (and a large piece too!), with an espresso mascarpone topping and 3 other toppings in small containers. The toppings were raspberries macerated with mint, strawberries, and some kind of brittle. The cake with the cream and the raspberries was pure gold. I would come here just for this again. Also, the coffee was delicious and the cream came in a cute mini milk bottle (aww). The only downside was the service was a little inattentive, especially for such a small place. Anyway, I would like to come back to try their other food!
4	My wife and I went a couple of Wednesday's ago and had the vegetable board, gnocci, and flourless chocolate cake. The food was all pretty good, however, it was a little tight the way the tables were arranged and a bit loud off on and on from a wine group that they do in the middle of the week but otherwise great atmosphere. Also, the chocolate cake was dense, very chocolaty and really good.
5	This was recommended by a friend and was fantastic service wonderful food presentation was crazy! This could be my new local favorite hangout! I would definitely recommend this restaurant! I will be back for certain!Pork ribs special for lunch. are you freaking kidding me? Absolutely off of the charts! Only my second visit but definitely a favorite that I would recommend!
5	my girl and i were there 11/29/2014. on saturday aftrernoon,had a few beers and the chips..the beer was cold, the chips were great with 3 dipping sauces,the customer service was excellant , and the patio is wonderfull!..great prices , deff recommend this place.....and deff going back!
5	Stopped by here on the fly one day to get to go dinners. Revelation!  The food was so delicious we decided to come back for brunch. It's a menu brunch rather than a buffet.  The food is so well prepared and the ingredients chosen with such care.  The staff is very welcoming and knowledgeable.  They have a full bar as well as a good wine and beer selection.  We went back to try the dinner. I ordered risotto, which was as good as it gets.  My companion ordered the salmon.  Just delicious.  They have a nice selection of desserts. We went with the Bananas Foster bread pudding. Many, many yums.  I cannot recommend this place enough.
4	Exceptional in all ways. Even though it is one of Phoenix best restaurants there was no "snob" factor involved. The staff were all very friendly and helpful.
