2	Grrr I was in the middle of doing this one. Actually this is another staple in LA. Where there's a Yoshinoya Beef Bowl on Every corner. Ok if you have the Chicken bowl. Understand Chicken has the weird color...yea. It's just how it is. It's EXTRA COLOR = EXTRA FLAVOR. I just dont like to drown everything in salt. ESPECIALLY VEGGIES. Ok the beef bowl. It's normally served like that. I guess I'm used to it.No...It's not the best of Teriyaki bowls. But then again. This isn't a teriyaki place. This is Beef Bowl....They serve shaved beef. They serve Luminescent Chicken and Veggies....
2	I wouldn't venture off the strip, but "The Bachelore" of our group required a visit to Yoshinoya.  He lives in Chicago and whenever he ventures to the west coast, he seeks out a Yoshinoya.  I have never been to a Yoshinoya in the states.  The only time was in the location across from the Kabukicho gate.  That experience was three stars.  Meat was decent and cheap.However, this experience at this Las Vegas location was disappointing.  The sesame chicken wings tasted fresh enough, but I had to force myself to consume the beef bowl with vegetables.   Uhm, the iced tea tasted fine. :)I always describe the meat as "wet bacon" on overcooked rice.  It was spot on.  More fat than meat.  Rice was clumpy and fat with water.  To top it off, it was a $26 cab ride there from the strip (back and forth) and my buddy bought THREE large beef bowls to bring back to Caesar's.  I had to give it two stars since my buddy was smiling with MSG drool for the next three meals.  ack!Only the best for "The Bachelore".
1	Who knew a place that can be so popular can be so disgusting.  I didn't know a beef bowl with vegetables could be made so bad.  The veggies were slimy because they were covered in some glop along with some thing disgusting beef that just smelled.  I've tried it in California also, and it tastes the same here.  I just don't get how it's so popular.
2	I lived in Japan for about 2 years so anytime I feel reminiscent of those drunken 4am nights I come here.  Not really so much like the ones in Japan though.  And I didn't think Yoshinoya was one of the better gyu-don places in Japan anyways.  They should add Japanese curry to their menu.  I also wish they offered white meat chicken too.  I also agree with the weirdness of the veggie color.  I don't know why its gotta be so damn yellow.  Just go to Ichiza instead.
4	Japanese Ad featuring Matsui (baseball player) http://youtube.com/watch?v=hIaBeQcZdCMOK Y'all, so I'm not sure why the ratings for this place are so low. This is certainly not 100% equivalent to the ones in Japan, but I keep myself from reviewing sushi places in SF by comparing them to ones in Japan. So.... A lovely warm beef bowl (regular size) sets you back less then $5 here. That, plus a soda, and you're set for a meal and half, if not more. Side order options (not very OG): Macaroni Salad (odd, not an option in japan) Cheesecake Caramel FlanChocolate CakeFrom an excerpt from the Japan Times: "It was delicious," said Tadashi Ishigami, 23, one of the first to mark the return of the dish, downing a bowl at an outlet in Tokyo's Yurakucho district. "I don't care (about the safety of the beef) as long as I can eat it."You see, there was a momentary ban on US Beef (insert joke here) to Japan back in 2006, and GyuDon returned to its glory days in Fall of 2006. But I digress. Sure, they should add curry rice. Sure, they should be open 24 hours and have these orange 'noren'/curtains that welcome you thru the doors. But they don't, and that's okay. Gyu-don of my childhood, available in Rasu Begasu. But not in SF. (-_-) Oh, and yes, the dorktastic part of me spent about 10-15 minutes looking at the black and white photos of yoshinoya shops in the early 1900s. Whenever I drive past one of these.. the old commercial runs thru my head.. Nice to Know Ya, Yoshinoya!I think there's one in San Jose... road trip?Remember: Umai. Hayai. Yasui.(Yummy, Fast, Cheap) http://www.yoshinoya.com/In Japan: Kimchee Beef Bowls are also available. http://www.yoshinoya.com/shop/menu/index.htmlcheck it out.. there's a calorie content sectionShould you be so inclined: available in: The Philippines, Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Australia, NYC and thruout SoCal.
3	Executive Summary: Food's not great, but it's quick, it's really, really, really cheap, and it fills you up.  Did I mention it's cheap?No, Yoshinoya isn't the greatest food.  It's not haute cuisine.  In fact, it's probably just barely edible, but when you consider the price/value proposition, Yoshinoya should be on the top of your fast food list.  How much does a value meal at your typical fast food restaurant cost?  Probably $5-6 (depending on what size you'd prefer your cholesterol delivery system).  For $6, you can get a crappy burger, fries, and a soda.  What can you get at Yoshinoya for $6?  You can get a steaming bowl of rice, topped with hot beef and onions, a dessert, and a soda.  If you could go without the soda and desert, you could walk away from Yoshinoya spending less than $4.  It's a great bargain.  Yes, the chicken has the same texture as the styrofoam container it's served in, but it's still more fulfilling than a Big Mac.If you're on a budget, and you're in a hurry, and you're sick of burgers, go to Yoshinoya and you'll think twice about ordering a value meal ever again.  Bonus: UNLV students get a $3.99 beef/chicken bowl and soda.  Bring your student ID.
4	3 Bucks for a Sm. Spicy Chix Bowl.  'Nuff Said.
4	I was soooooooooooo drunk.  Cheapest thing I did in Vegas was buy a beef bowl.  I don't care what anyone says. I used to hit up Yoshinoya's whenever I was in SoCal.... emerging from a smoke-filled car, and I'll continue to come here,  inebriated every time.4 stars.... minus 1 star because I'm not an alcoholic or drug addict. This is definite tweaker food.
4	I really wish this place was here when I was in UNLV.  This would have been a great compliment to the Aloha Kitchen right across the street from it.  I had never had Yoshinoya before but someone at work told me they were big in Cali, it's kind of like Japanese home cooking.I got around to finally visiting one night.  Wow, not bad at all!  I know, for the low prices you shouldn't expect 5 star gourmet cuisine but for what it was it wasn't bad at all.  It really got me wishin' this place was here when I was in college.  Imagine all the drunken nights, then getting a nice bowl to satisfy the munchies?  It would have been great I think.This place isn't the cleanest of places (check the bathroom) but at least the dining room is clean right before a late night food rush.  You see where I'm getting?  This place is popular with the college folk!  In case you didn't know, Yoshinoya serves Japanese food bowls, almost like ramen but instead with rice and meat.  Their claim to fame is the 'Yoshinoya Beef Bowl'.  But they've added chicken since opening its doors back in California.I LOVE the chicken and beef combo bowl (around $7).  It's got steamed rice on the bottom and is topped with their teriyaki chicken, fatty sliced beef (so yum! It's like the beef in sukiyaki), and a veggie mix (broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, cabbage).  Their sauce makes it soooo good!  This hits the spot when you need a quick meal.  I almost forgot, you get a drink with the combo, and a side dish as well!  You can choose from a green salad, macaroni salad, soup, caramel flan, cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake or cookies.  So many choices!  I usually end up getting the green salad because on the desserts they actually include the nutritional info, leaving me feeling a little guilty.  If you eat in, on your table you have the choice of soy sauce, seasoning, and pickled ginger.  All you can eat pickled ginger!  I love the stuff and I eat a buttload of it with my meal every time.  It goes well with the sweet sauce of the dishes.  Prices for everything else are very reasonable and the food is filling.  I can get away with spending less than $20 for my gf and I, and we get entree, drink and side of salad or dessert.  The customer service was friendly, even when they were busy with lots of college students.  Umm...half drunk college students...*tear* oh the memories!  They were completing orders quickly because it wasn't too hard to assemble one of their bowls or combos.  My only gripe here is that they serve Pepsi instead of COKE, ugh.  Boo.  I can't stand Pepsi.  I was born in Georgia....go Coke!  Coke is it!And if you're a college student at UNLV, lucky you.  Yoshinoya has a special college meal, I think it's a beef bowl and a drink...all for $2.99!  But you gotta show your UNLV ID to get it.  No wonder the place was full of students that night.  Sure beats having to go to the DC (Dining Commons to you UNLV folk, Deadly Cuisine to my old college pal...ha ha) and figuring out what you're eating.  Oh yeah, one last tip.  DO NOT save this stuff for leftovers the next day...it can be NASTY!  I think it could be the soggy rice.  It just doesn't taste right unless you eat it the same day you buy it.  Or maybe I added WAY too much ginger?  Anyway, just make sure you eat it all or throw away what you got left.  But try this place if you're near UNLV and in a pinch for something to eat.  If you're not in the In-N-Out mood, give Yoshinoya a shot.  It's good, filling food.  Just don't blame me for a sore tummy if you eat your leftovers the next day!
1	I suppose if I was REALLY homesick, I'd like this place.  The rice was terrible, and the vegetables were foul--just like my mother makes them.  For not much more than the same price I can go across the street to East Boy and get a decent chicken bowl with green beans, seaweed salad and nice rice.  Yoshinoya is the first place around UNLV that I won't bother to return to.
1	Panda Express kicks this place's bum, and I don't even really like Panda.
4	Holy crap.  Nicest Yoshi's that I've ever frequented.  Modern decor and easily accessible from Maryland Parkway.  Right across the street from UNLV --- lucky bastards.  Atmosphere was great, but the Bowl itself was OK.  Rice was a bit dry --- not as moist as other Yoshi's.  But I'll take it.  Cheap, sweet beef.  I can't complain.  Showed up on a Thursday at 11:30 a.m.  Not crowded at all.
4	I used to live right behind this restaurant so I frequented it pretty often. Teriyaki chicken and beef bowls always hit the spot! Fast, friendly service in a nice modern atmosphere. Pretty cheap too.
3	This place is just OK for me. I do not understand the fascination with this place. The meat is a little too thin and mashed up for me. The sauce is way too watery for me. I do appreciate the price on their meal combos. It is very affordable. If you are on a tight budget then this place is for you. This place used to be a WENDY'S
5	I crave this stuff.....Every time I go to Vegas I eat here as much as I can. That's saying a lot since the casinos are more then happy to comp all my meals.I always have the beef bowl. No chicken bowl, no vegetable bowl or anything else. Just the beef bowl.I'm not sure why some people don't like it but I love it. I think about for weeks before I get to Vegas.
4	Its been 5 looong years since I last ate at Yoshi.So to my tastbuds delight this has been a real treat.Ordered the large beef bowl and nothing else.Place was empty except for the staffs and a couple of take outs.Will go back to have my beef bowl fix before I leave.
2	Don't know why people like this place so much.  Got the beef bowl that people were raving about on here.  It came with some vegetables that were obviously low-quality frozen ones.  The beef was tender, and I don't mind that it was thin, but it was almost all fat.  The miso soup tasted like water, none of the salty/savory flavor that usually makes it good.
3	So you looking for the Japanese version of McDonald's?Well you found it here.  I was told this place was good, so we took a cab all the way out to here, the cab driver was a bit confused himself....Anyways I picked up a combo platter.  It has both beef and chicken and came with a side and a drink.  The beef was really fatty, felt gross eating it.  The chicken however had a crunchy skin that reminded me of crispy pork and it was covered in a brown sauce that was very tasty.  They did make a decent japanese rice for a fasts food joint.  I was hungover so I decided to give their chicken noodle soup a try, it was super salty.  I also got the miso soup which you really can't mess up.  I tried my friend's cheesecake and it tasted like the ones from jack in the box which was right next door.
4	Went here for lunch the other day. Got the beef bowl. It was good though the meat was a little fatty. I like Yoshinoya because it has atypical fast food (I.e., not the standard burgers or tacos).
4	Okay. Gyudon is like one of my fave Japanese food. I have had Yoshinoya in Japan many times as well as in the ghettos of California. Haha. They had one in Vegas! Yay! Plus it was a rainy, wintery day so gyudon sounded amazing. We get to Yoshinoya and I am automatically thinking (or not thinking since I may have been too hungry) I will get a large beef gyudon. Of course the husband warned me but I did it anyway. I order the large. My husband also got a large but with vegetables and beef. It is so interesting how the menu at the restaurant has the amount of calories in each meal. Good and not good. I just happened to ignore those signs that day. Anyways, we got home and I thought I had accidentally bought a catering tray of meat and rice for a party but no, it was the large. Thank goodness for my teenage nephew who helped me finish. I absolutely love Yoshinoya. The taste is super consistent from Las Vegas to Japan (of course in Japan there are more ethnic peoples preparing the meals). I love the thin beef with lots of rice. It was so 'ono' as we say in Hawaii for delicious!
4	Love the beef bowl they serve.  Been hooked since I was a kid and trying it at one of their many locations in SoCal.This location looks like it is a bit worn down, but the food is still good.  I only wished they have a location on the West side of the I-15, so I don't have to drive 20-30 minutes to satisfied my gyudon fixing. But hey, it is better than driving 2-3 hours to California for one :)Decor:  2/5  Looking old and tired.Food:  4/5 for the beef bowl/gyudon, it is better than the microwaved?! gyudon that I was served at Shuseki.  Not a fan of their chicken bowl.  Skip the combo, I don't like their veggies. Price Value:  3/5  It is what it is.Location:  Only on the East side of Vegas.  Great for UNLV students, not so good for me.I still love Yoshinoya, so 4 stars.
4	I only ordered the vegetables and the miso soup to go, so I still have a great deal to explore about this place. As far as location and interior goes, it is considered to be in a little bit of a "rundown area" but don't be so quick to judge a book by its cover. The interior is clean, modern, and my service experience was fairly friendly at best. The two side items I ordered was made in little less than 5 minutes, and was piping hot, so the quality of the food here is great. Good stop for college students in the area if they're looking for something different than Chipotle, In-N-Out, or Smashburger.
2	Not a good experience with my recent visit to yoshinoya. The rice bowl and veggies were greasy and unflavorful. The cooks might be using some cheap oil to cook their rice bowls with. Also, if you ask for some hot sauce or pepper your gonna get charged .70. The clam chowder that came with my rice bowl tasted better than the rice bowl and that is not saying much. The clam chowder was too watery and not one single clam in the cup. Also, the restaurant had a funky smell. Also, the floor was dirty and the restroom was very dirty. I hate to sound negative but the yoshinoya management needs to read this review. This restaurant needs some major changes fast if they wish to stay in business.
1	Went here for the first time today.read reviews and thought I'd try the beef bowl . Man was I disappointed, looked and tasted like they threw the beef into boiling water then threw it over rice.no flavor.won't be going back there again
3	I like the changes in the way they prepare the chicken
2	I've been to this location a few times which was once a Pizza Hut with a pizza buffet.  I miss those Pizza Hut buffets where can I find one huh?First I'll review Yoshinoya as a chain.  Not a big fan of super thinly sliced meat unless it's in a sandwich or in a broth dish like pho. Which is what I got with the Teriyaki chicken with vegetables bowl. I should've gone across the street to Aloha Kitchen for their Teriyaki chicken bowl.  I think I paid more for what I got.There was once a so called knockoff of Yoshinoya in town, not so far from here Yoshi something, before this location opened up.  That place was way better but it eventually closed down.  This location does seem run down.  The condiments area was completely empty, there was only an almost empty container of pickled ginger that didn't look pleasing. There wasn't even any soy sauce or salt and pepper dispensers. The napkins in the dispenser were all wet and counters need cleaning.  For decoration there's a few UNLV items on the walls. They could use a renovation.
4	Yoshinoya has a certain flavor that I cant seem to find in any other teriyaki place. I have tried pretty much everything on their menu and I gotta say, I it is all decent. The only thing negative that I can say is that their veggies are a bit starchy. Other than that, their own special blend of cayenne spices and pickled ginger gives your meal that extra flavor. This location is pretty spacious and they keep it pretty clean, including the bathroom.This is the only Yoshinoya in Vegas compared to dozens in Southern Cali. There used to be another location but that was closed down due to I assume not enough business.
4	always good to take a beef bowl home ....its aways good hot or cold not to mention the best hangover cure!
5	I grew up on this place and love this food. Straight up large beef bowl or large combo to go. Im there!
4	Man you can't beat Yoshinoya when it comes to finding a great value. You can get yourself a chicken bowl or a beef bowl for around $5 and have change left over for whatever else. I'm comparing this one to the one in L.A and I gotta say this location's chicken taste better because its crispier. I think because you have the grilled skin still on their. Pretty big location. Prices slightly higher than L.A
4	One of my go to places for takeout for a quick dinner when I am not in the mood to cook!  The flavor is always good and consistent and the size of the big bowls are great I always have leftovers for my lunch the next day.I love the large Beef Bowl with Veggies I also love to add the crushed peppers and a little bit of soy sauce.   My boyfriend likes the mixed bowl so he gets the Chicken, Beef and mixed veggies.  On a very hungry day we will add the Gyoza.  None of this is gourmet it is a fast food place but for a filling good flavored dinner it is perfect.The staff is always friendly and fast with the service and the food. This will continue to be a great, fast take out dinner place for me!
3	Yoshinoya was always one of my Los Angeles favorites for the beef and/or vegie bowl. Real simple concept and the thin shaved marinated beef placed on top of a bed of rice has always been tasty. This location is a few miles from the strip in a questionable neighborhood where alcohol abuse (panhandling drunks)surrounding the restaurant was noticeable. Food was just ok and below the standards set at the LAX area locations. Restrooms could use a little more cleaning attention.
4	The food is great for fast food. The beef bowl is great and comes with veggies. It would stick to their beef bowl as their chicken wasn't spectacular.
4	Great place for a quick bite to eat!! Really convenient being close to UNLV
3	I finally did it, for Tony T.  I walked to Yoshinoya and got a beef bowl (gyudon) to go.  For whatever reason, the faded building/sign always turned me off, so I expected it to be old and dirty inside.  I already can get cheap gyudon from Japan Creek or just make it at home, so I never saw a reason to come here, though I worked within walking distance for almost 6 years.I spotted Yoshinoya in Japan but never sought it out to eat at one.  The other day, I watched a show called "Fast Foods Gone Global" on Travel Channel, which usually chronicles US chains that infiltrate other countries and make special menus for each country's tastes.  However, this episode was international fast food companies' infiltration into the US, and whether or not menu items were changed for the American palate.Yoshinoya has clearly adjusted its menu to the American palate, but the gyudon is still what gyudon is always - fatty thinly sliced beef cooked with onions in a sauce made with typical Japanese ingredients and served on top of rice, with beni shoga (red pickled ginger) as an accompaniment. I ordered a regular beef bowl (just under $6 with tax, and added beni shoga.  I also sprinkled on some shichimi togarashi and though not traditional, some chopped green onion that was out for miso soup orderers (only because green onions are my favorite vegetable!)The menu otherwise has some odd things (I am not a fan of teriyaki type joints so I do not like the weird vegetables like zucchini in my bowls or stir fries), like vegetables, udon bowls, chicken and combo bowls, and grilled fish - I asked what type of fish and the lady pronounced something weird twice to me that started with an S, a name of a fish I certainly have never heard of in my life and have no idea how to spell...I did notice Yoshinoya now has ponzu sauce (not for the beef bowl but rather the fish).  I liked the to go bowl packaging and the meal stayed hot on my jaunt back to the office to eat.  I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the interior too.  Accepts credit cards for orders over $5.
1	Couldn't eat meat for religious purposes the day I went, only ONE seafood option. Ordered it. It turned out to be spicy as hell!  When my boyfriend went to ask if he could order one with "no spicy" the register woman told him it wasn't spicy, and it went back and forth with her ("spicy, no spicy")  for a while until he said, "do you want to taste it!? all i want to do is buy another filet with no spicy" and she said that they had no filets that were not marinated. so, I ended up eating miso soup and rice... the food was okay according to my boyfriend, who had chicken and beef terriyaki, and ultimately... my spicy filet. I guess, what could I expect. Should have gone to a non fast food place.
4	Mmmm Beef Bowl! Haven't had that in a while!
2	CRAP! The other reviews are idiotic (sorry, but it has to be true, since this is crap!)  Over priced - over sauced - horrible place. Oh, and very dirty.  You have been warned - enjoy!
5	Been eating Yoshinoya since I was little, Im originally from CA and I was stoked to see that one was finally opened here in Vegas! Despite the tricky location and somewhat raised prices, the food is still great (with a slight different taste) but I LOVE this place! Nothing beats a good beef bowl.. :)
3	Unless, you've been in LA, you don't understand.  Yoshinoya is all about these fatty, beef strips that make your mouth punch you in the face.  It is the most savory, delicious, juicy beef you ever tasted, dare I say better than a ribeye or Philly cheesesteak?  Of course, the rib eye will fill you up, but this is like a delicacy, an amuse bouche.  It won't fill you up unless you have like four orders of it, but think of it as bacon.  You don't want to fill up on bacon.  Maybe I should get a Smashburger across the street and put three strips of the Yoshi beef on it.  Wow.  I'm doing that my next trip to Vegas.  So why only 3 stars?  Well, everything else is gross.  Sorry.  It's fast food for crying out loud.  I'm not taking a date here.  You also don't get a lot of the beef for your money.  The gyoza is frozen and nuked or something and has freezer burn.  Seriously, it's not a gourmet Japanese restaurant.  It's Japanese junk with the most amazing beef strips you ever had in your life.  Go there just for the beef, seriously, and put it on your burgers and sandwiches.
4	I'm originally from California. So to find a yoshinoya near unlv is amazing. The first time I came here, yes it was very outdated. I came here for lunch today and it has been completely remodeled. Very modern and clean. $7 for a beef, chicken, and vegetable bowl is a steal. Idk why yelp says it closed on days it's not. So call ahead
5	Anytime I can find a Yoshinoya I am there!! I am kind of a proponent for this place.. I don't know exactly why i love it so much, but I seek them out when I can find them. We don't have them in AZ, so I usually go out of my way when I am out of state to find one. You have to get the chicken and beef combo bowl. So good.. I am hungry for it right now!
1	Im shocked they have any good reviews! If I hadnt thrown out the DISGUSTING beef already Id have taken a pic to show how horrifying it looked. I almost threw up! All fatty and stringy.. thats not beef by any stretch of the imagination. And the teriyaki sauce is awful too. Idk how this place even exists. Then when I asked the woman if I could just get veggies instead to put in my rice she looked at me like I was insane. Sorry your food is nasty. And I didnt want to eat it. Never wasted $7 on anythhing worse than I did today. Now im heading to work still hungry and $7 none the richer... awful. Stay away.
3	Visiting from San Diego and wanted chicken & veggies.   Counter was very disorganized- at least 15 people waiting for food to come out. Finally got to order. Waited 10 min for my food. From where I was sitting could NOT hear them call my order. Food was fresh but cold. Not sure if anyone here knows or cares about customer service.
4	I love how there's only one yoshinoya in Vegas because I get to appreciate it so much more when I finally get to have it! It's always been on point here as far as service and quality goes. I've never had to wait that long for my food or to order and they always have all the condiments as far as the peppers, soy sauce and ginger filled. Their rice is cooked just right every time and their veggies always look and smell so good. I normally order the combo bowl and both the beef and the chicken is cooked just right and tastes so comforting! I also love how they have the peach iced tea in their fountain and I'm not much of a sweet tooth but their flan is a must! :)
4	Mmmmm! Yoshinoya!!This place is delicious! I've been going for years in LA and was soooooo happy when they made one here. I adore both the beef and chicken teriyaki bowl. I can't figure out which I like best. So what to do? Get both with the combo bowl. The beef is soooooo delicious. I like the beef better than the chicken but the teriyaki sauce on the chicken is heavenly.I also tried the yakisoba recently and it was so good. I'm getting it more often. I love everything about this place but my favorite thing here is the creamy cheesecake. OMG that thing is good. It's my absolutely favorite dessert on earth. I usually get two or three to eat later.
2	Like the food, but today was my first time at this location. Clean location and convenient for a quick lunch. However the food was  too salty. All customers were frustrated because no one understands what we are asking for. I'm pretty sure they were saying something about my butt in Spanish. People left with food but frustrated and the lady taking the food orders kept answering her cell phone that rang incessantly. I won't be back to this location. For lunch maybe a different shift.
5	This is a classic for me I grew up in this stuff..ok so I'm thinking the bad reviews are because people don't know how to eat here so here let me help you out..Large beef bowl (Add chilli.powder,ginger, and soy sauce)Clam chowder is a must If you're really hungry get some sesame chicken wings that is all
1	Never go to this location. Went there last Tuesday around 9:30 pm with a group of 12 people & young kids to grab a quick bite to eat. As soon as we got there the cashier named Alfonsina said it was for to go orders only. Mind you that this place doesnt close till 10pm. There was another family ahead of us & they ordered and sat to eat there dinner in one of the booths. Thats when the rude cashier agreed we can stay & eat in but in one condition only in certain spots.  3/4 th of the eating area was already cleaned with the chairs stacked on top of thr tables. There were other customers coming in & she turned them away. I dont think the owner would appreciate that. While we were eating Alfonsina was mopping around our area with the strong scent of pine sol. I thought that was disgusting but I guess it was alright for Yoshinoya establishment to add scents to their food. To make this visit even worse the same rude cashier, cleaning girl Alfonsina announced to our group it was 10:00 & there closed. She kicked us out & we didn't even finish our food. We had young kid's & they didnt get to finish there dinner too. Our bill for this horrible dinner was $75, I think Yoshinoya should give us time to finish. Alfonsina was so eager to get us out she even touched our food cartoons to throw away. I repeat NEVER go to this Yoshinoya in Las Vegas off of Maryland. Especially when Alfonsina is on.
5	Been eating this stuff since I was a lil girl. Love it. This Vegas location has a good crew. Alfonsina is a sweetheart :)
3	Good fast food but this location does not take coupons!Also bit hot and humid inside.
1	Disgusting Food, terrible service. They close at 10, i came in at 9:25 and their faces be like "why the f ur in here at this hour?"... The udon dish felt like i was swallowing salt down my throat. The beef dish was made w flank which is the cheapeast kind of beef out there. I ended up throwing the food away after 20 minutes struggling figuring out what the hell are these stuffs i been swallowing. I exit and the lady who took my order just stare at me didnt even say thank you. Im also a server and i was like "how the hell did u get hire?" Strongly not recommended. Worst restaurant i ever eat at
1	This is the worst Japanese-American restaurant I have ever been to. Food is literally something my Japanese friends can make literally 10 times better. Food taste really bland and disgusting. Don't ever eat here because they over charge for meals here and the quality is terrible.
5	Food was great!First time trying this place out for lunch and definitely won't be my last. Service was friendly. Will recommend this place to friends and family. I had the chicken teriyaki plate I believe.Great job
3	Food is okay. Nothing to go out of your way to get. Had a chicken teriyaki bowl and a beef bowl with a 6 piece gyoza to share. It would have been better to go to Aloha Kitchen for the chicken teriyaki. It seems that Yoshinoya is missing out on dimensions of flavor. We are not sure that we will be back as we were not overly enthusiastic about what we ate.
2	Thanks for mopping 45 minutes before you close. My food tastes like pine sol. It WAS delicious... But the rudeness in timing ruined my meal with my son. Did I miss tipping you and I'm getting this kind of service? Wait til I walk out!!!!
2	I've been eating Yoshinoya since childhood in CA, and I'm now 33.  I still love their beef bowl, that's the only dish I get to this day.  However, this Maryland pkwy location has the same taste from what I remember....no problem to me, still good. I do have a problem with the service here, I don't come here often, maybe 3x a year or less, but when I do, there's always a rude cashier taking orders, I don't get it. So customers beware, order your food, eat, and get out. You wouldn't want a non welcoming face ruin your happy time of eating.
4	Classic beef bowl is the best
3	The food was not too bad. A little bland and I feel a bit over priced for what you get. I hit this place up at noon at it was dead inside. The seating area just feels like it's lacking in decorations of some kind. The staff were nice but the service was slow.
