4	Thorps is a great place for a haircut.  Very comfortable atmosphere, great employees and a mix of clientele.  I walked in on a Saturday afternoon and was able to easily get a cut.  They offer water, soda, and even beer if you'd like.  The cut came out pretty solid, and it appears that all of the staff has quite a bit of experience.  I would give it 5-stars, but there are a few opportunities for improvement in my opinion.  Some of the layout of the place, and ever so slightly on the pricey side.  Either way, I'll be back... and whether man or woman, I would recommend Thorps.
5	I was drawn into Thorps with a free haircut coupon after participating in Bike the Barns, a bike ride supporting local CSA farms. I loved the fact that the salon supported this event, and it seemed to maintain a friendly, independent, and Madison-minded atmosphere when I visited for the haircut. The design of the salon inside is simple yet elegant, and it has some really interesting old-fashioned salon/barbershop chairs. I really appreciated the online booking, and I like that they offer drinks while you wait.Whether I return to a salon really comes down to the haircut, though. I pretty much gave free reign on my cut to Emily, my stylist, and she did an excellent job. I will definitely be back.
5	After reading several reviews about different salons/barbers I chose to make my appointment at Thorps.I first went to their website to see what they were about and noticed they had the option to make appointments online. LOVE this. Online ordering/appointment setting is where it's at and I wish everyone did it.Anyway, I got there a bit early and hung out for awhile and read some magazines. A beverage was offered several times, which I didn't have, but the offer was much appreciated. When Stephen was ready I showed him a picture of what I wanted and he an I discussed how to make that happen with my hair and he set to work. I have a ton of ear piercings and I've had haircuts where I thought I might get an earring ripped out. Fortunately this was not the case here. Stephan was very careful and all went well.The actual hair cut turned out great! Exactly what I wanted and more. I don't think I've ever gotten a haircut where every little detail was touched upon.I've gotten so many compliments and I've only had the cut  for 2 hours. I'm beyond satisfied and will definitely be going back here for as long as I'm in Madison.
5	Stoked. After two super crappy Madison haircuts my husband & I decided to try Thorps after reading practically every Yelp salon review out there. Nice Space, nice people. Cool without being so hipster that you want to smack someone. Davines & Malin+Goetz products.Big Props!KELLY Z- cut my long straigh-ish hair and crazy cowlick bangs with skill. Asked a lot of questions, checked-in & listened. Best cut I've had in a while. OLIVIA- tamed my husband's loosely curled puff into a stylish yet professional cut. Cool & put together-not dorky. She also reeled in his wizard beard. He looks hot.$5 Bang trims in between cuts. Really reasonable prices. Got a $30 cut & dry that was worth $55 easy. *My husband says to mention there's also free beer!
5	I went to Thorps today for a hair cut and had Steven, who during the course of my cut I found out to be one of the owners.  I found the experience to be excellent from beginning to end.  The customer service was top notch and the haircut was also excellent.  I will continue coming to Thorps and would recommend them to anyone.
5	I learned about Thorps through Bicycle Benefits as it is one of the participating businesses. I was impressed by all the positive reviews I found on Yelp for it. I dropped in one afternoon and Olivia was my hair stylist. We went over some photos and discussed the style I was going for. She did an amazing job and gave me such a cute hair cut! I've always had long hair and this was the first time I was chopping off all my locks for a pixie-length cut. I love it and I will never go back to long tresses! I've gotten so many compliments as well. Definitely will be returning.
5	I went to Thorps on the recommendation of a fellow musician who had nothing but good things to say (and who had a cute new haircut).  I had been going to a good place for awhile, but my friend was adament that this was one of the best places she's been, and she's from Chicago.  The first thing I loved was ONLINE APPOINTMENTS!  It was so easy to make the appointment online!  I had a morning appointment.  They had french-press coffee available that was some of the best coffee I've ever had.  I was also offered Pabst and soda.  If it were past noon, I would have gone with the Pabst.  FREE BEER!  How rad!  My stylist was Olivia.  I told her I wanted something very different, and she obliged, with great results!  I liked her personality too.  She was a roller derby gal who happened to be on my favorite roller derby team (Reservior Dolls!).  The prices were also *very* reasonable.  I will definately be going back!
4	Fun, funky vibe and a great, no frills haircut.  I love the Malin + Goetz products.
4	Had a really nice haircut with Jamie this week. The space is hip but not hipster. Has a comfortable vibe, friendy staff & very reasonable prices.and like Emily G said, no product pushing. AND online booking. I will be back!
5	Thorps is cool, I like the atmosphere of the place.  Thanks for the haircut, Tara!! Love it!!
5	Great neighborhood salon with relaxed atmosphere and professional staff.  First visit was with Jamie for a cut and color.  A few days later, I visited my mom and sister and they both complimented my hair - and they NEVER like my hair.  Way to go, Jamie!Also, the salon's on-line appointment feature is really nice!
5	Amazing atmosphere, talented stylists who can work any hairstyle, and incredibly low prices...heck yes!I have a thyroid condition that one of the side effects is a mild form of Alopecia, where I have large amounts of hairloss and very sensitive skin where the hair falls out.  The stylist that worked with me set me at ease, let me know she's worked with people like me before, and gave me a hairstyle that not only completely fit my personality and style, but absolutely hid all signs of my hair issues!  And for only $35?!?!  Where I'm from in Los Angeles, you can't get prices that good in the ghetto, much less at a nice salon like this!  Kudos, Thorps!
4	I had a great haircut with Tara.  She was really friendly and took her time to get my hair just the way I wanted.  I only really get my hair cut once a year, so I'm not the typical client, and she was really gracious the entire time.  The majority of the staff trickled in while I was getting my hair cut around noon and every one of them smiled or said hello to me when they got there.   It was a trendy hair salon with none of the intimidating hipster attitude.Overall, I got the sense that everyone working there genuinely enjoys their job and has a great time doing it.  I'd recommend Thorps to anyone.  Also, my dramatic change haircut (down my back to over my shoulders) with a wash and style only cost $30!  Definitely worth the price : )
3	I got my hair cut here today.  Generally, I know that I am pretty picky about the cut I get.  However, this was was a mediocre experience.  The girl did mostly what I asked.  She just seemed afraid of cutting to much, as she left my neck line rather hairy.  I probably will not return.
5	My demands for a haircut aren't particularly high but I still never found a place or stylist I felt strongly about going back to... until Thorps. Liz always does a nice job. I can go a whole 3 months without a haircut because even after that long the layers still hold the shape pretty well. Drinking a PBR while getting your haircut is an added bonus.
5	Visited Thorps for my first time this week and I am in love. Jamie did an amazing job on my hair cut. She listened to what I wanted and it turned out perfectly! I will be back.
1	I got a horrible haircut...will never go back...I am not very picky and all I asked was for my stylist not to take much off...she cut almost 5 inches...unacceptable
5	Where to start?!  I had never been to Thorps before or even heard of it. I went last night to get my hair colored all over with an accent color as well as a cut/style. It was honestly the BEST hair experience I've ever had (and I've had quite a few). Everyone there was super friendly and super professional. The salon is awesome and has the best salon chairs I've ever seen (retro barber chairs). They also offer you water, soda, or even beer (I had a Cap Amber - delish!). For us beer drinkers in Wisconsin, this makes the salon stand out from many others! :)  Anyway, my stylist, Jen...what can I say? She is utterly amazing and extremely talented. She gave me EXACTLY what I wanted and then some. She totally got the style that I was going for and understood what I was expecting. I will never go to another salon in Madison ever again! I highly recommend this salon to ANYONE.
4	After a few mediocre haircuts at various places, I came across Thorps.  I'm very glad I did.  I had my haircut from Gabriel and not only was it a great cut, he was a good guy to talk to and made me feel right at home.  Great music, very clean and a great staff.  I'm happy that I got in so quickly after making an online reservation.  I found my new place to get a great haircut.
5	I needed a haircut. Like, right that instant. A recent break-up, life craziness, etc. I needed to see myself differently. After calling around to Cha Cha (no openings) and a few other East Side places, a friend recommended Thorps. God bless her. They got me in within an hour of calling with Kenna. I had sent her photos of what I was going for (a flapper bob). (Thorps has emails set up for their stylists - I love it!) She knew what I wanted better than I did and was fun to talk to during the cut. I love my hair and will not go to anyone else in Madison. PLUS they gave me a beer to drink while my hair was getting cut. And I needed it! Thanks, Thorps! Kenna is the best!
5	I've been everywhere to have my hair cut as I'm incredibly particular....If you're not going to Thorps, you're missing out. The staff is professional, competent and friendly.  The environment is warm & relaxing... owners will make certain you leave happy.  Don't bother going elsewhere, you'd be wasting your time.
5	Jen is the bomb.com. I asked for ombre coloring on my hair (which is long and fairly thick), and Jen went above and beyond. She worked on my hair for three and a half hours to make sure it was right. I loved the results, not to mention Jen was friendly, funny and super personable. I would definitely go back anytime. Extra perk, they offer beer (as well as other types of beverages) while you wait. Cool, huh?! Bottom line: loved Jen and Thorps.
4	I moved to Madison from Chicago and left behind a wonderful stylist and wondered, "will there ever be another?"  After my first haircut in Madison at another salon left me with a mullet, you can bet I was nervous about finding someone who could read my mind and make my hair look how I want! Let me tell you, Jamie at Thorps really saved they day and my unfortunate haircut!  She understood that even if I didn't have a particular style in mind, I just wanted my hair to look pretty and nice.  She also understood that I want a haircut that will grow out nicely.  I couldn't be happier with my haircut - Hey, everyone, come see how good I look!!  I also really like the product that Jamie used on my hair - Davines.  It smells so nice and the company does not do animal testing (which is important to me).  I also like that Jamie did not try to pressure me into buying product - I am very interested in buying some, but not until I have finished what I have at home.  I thought the price for my haircut was very good as well ($40)I didn't give Thorps 5 stars because I was a just a little unimpressed with my boyfriend's haircut here.  He has been there before and one stylist did a great job with his haircut and trimmed his eyebrows (thank God) gave him a post-cut hair wash, and apparently a nice shoulder massage in there somewhere as well.  The other stylist gave him a nice haircut and that was all.  I will continue to see Jamie and the boyfriend will have to try to get in with the stylist her prefers next time!
5	I just got my hair cut by Kenna and I'm absolutely delighted! My hair was way too long and totally out of control and Kenna listened to everything I wanted and she did an amazing amazing amazing job! Not only is she very talented but she's great to chat with and very sweet. I love the atmosphere, the music and the products they use smell delicious! I will definitely be going back!
5	Online booking is awesome -- I've been able to get in on the same day each time I've tried.Kenna does a great job with my short hair! Does exactly what I want.So nice to have a beer while I get my hair cut :)
5	I had my first cut at Thorps this week with Tara.  I really love that the website gives information on what each stylist's specialty is.  I was able to get a great cut because I chose the stylist with skill in the kind of cut I wanted.  This place is affordable and low-key.  The cut I got here has been one of the best cuts I've ever gotten.  I've been receiving compliments on my hair since the day I cut it.  So glad to have found this place!  It's now my go-to salon!
4	I started going to Thorps last spring. I really enjoy going there. The hipster vibe isn't too strong but it's definitely there. I've gone to three different stylists and they've all done a great job. Having naturally curly hair that is on the thin side can be difficult to get a good cut, but I've had no trouble at Thorps. They've worked out a way of coloring that has led to my hair being healthier and feeling softer. Booking with preferred stylist can take a while. Sometimes I haven't been able to get in even when trying to book a time 2-3 weeks out. The online booking system is very easy and helpful though about figuring out a time that will work. They don't push products which is a nice change from most salons I've been to. Having a beer while getting your hair did makes for a great day.
4	I started going to Thorps after receiving a coupon for a free cut from Bike the Barns.  I really like that their web site tells you what sort of styles each stylist specializes in, so you can find one who will be a good fit even on your first visit.  Also love the online scheduling.I don't like to do anything with my hair most days, so I need a cut that can be washed, towel dried, and still look decent.  Sometimes I end up with a cut that looks fabulous styled by the hairdresser but is a mess the next day when I wash & run out the door.  Tara did a great job giving me a low-maintenance cut that still looks nice.Everyone has been very friendly and I like the low-key atmosphere.  The only thing that could make them better would be to include a scalp massage while shampooing.  This is often one of my favorite parts of getting my haircut and I do miss it.
5	In the spirit of Julie Andrews, Thorps truly is one of my favorite things.  Here is the short list of the reasons why:1. They offer you drinks to imbibe whilst cutting your hair. Real drinks. With alcohol in them.2. Tara is friendly and fantastic, always helpful in giving advice, but also respectful of my decisions about my hair. She is also great at asking specific questions to ensure it is *just right*.  She has been able to get my husband's many swirls and whirls to lay nicely.3. They have great products which they actually use and know about. And they make the entire place smell like an aromatherapist's dream.4. I can book my appointment online so I actually get to see all of the appointments available for my specific stylist!  Hooray for transparency!5. They are totally affordable. This is not a SuperCuts price, because you are getting way better service. But it isn't that much more, either. 6. They are open late! And on weekends! I can actually get in without rearranging my schedule.*When my ends split, when my bangs fall,When my hair looks bad,I schedule with Thorps and they fix it all,so then I don't feeeeeel so sad!*
5	I am a Madison transplant, and have been to Thorps twice since being here, and had fabulous experiences both times. I had my hair cut by Tara my first time there. My hair was a bit of a shapeless mess, and she was able to fix it right up! She did a very detailed and lengthy consultation with me to find out exactly what I wanted, and as she cut my hair she told me exactly what she was doing and how that would improve my hair. The end result was a much lighter feeling head of hair! I recently had a hair dye disaster after lightening my previously home-dyed black hair and essentially turning it orange, and went to Quinley in hopes she could fix it. She listened to exactly what I wanted, and was able to get my hair to a color that didn't make it look like my head was on fire. Super pleased.Overall, Thorps is a great salon with very young, knowledgable staff. Plus, the have tons of beverages (including beer) to drink before and while your getting your hair cut, and really go out of their way to accommodate you while you're there. No other place I would get my hair cut while in Madison.
5	Very, very awesome staff. The vibe there is great. You can tell everyone who works there enjoys what they do for a living. That makes a difference. I always get a great cut there and highly recommend for all ages.
4	Was in town for work and was in desperate need of a haircut - and I had a fabulous experience!  All of the staff were very friendly, and my hair stylest, Claire, did a great job.  I would highly recommend this salon to anyone.
3	First off, I'm totally #nothipsterenough for this place, but I lovedddd the vibe. :) I really wanted to leave Thorps a rave review, but for $32 + tip, I don't know if I got THE cut I was expecting. I asked for a trim to get rid of my split ends and lighten up my bangs, but my haircut accomplished neither. I also expected to have all of my layers trimmed, not just the longest layer... Which kind of defeats the purpose of a professional haircut (I think). I did like how my hair felt and smelled after the haircut though, so I'm a new believer in whatever Davine products they carry at Thorps. If I hadn't just repurchased the Moroccanoil hair treatment serum, I definitely would have invested in some of their serums/volumizing sprays.I guess I'm still in search of that perfect hair salon/the perfect hair stylist in Madison... but I'm not counting Thorps out of the race just yet. I may be back for my Locks of Love donation cut if I'm still in the area. (:
5	I hate paying for hair cuts. I haven't paid to get my hair done in years as my sister is a licensed cosmetologist. However. I haven't seen said sista' in a while and my roots were looking a bit shaggy. I sucked it up and Yelped where I should go. And boy am I glad I did. Yelp let me to Thorps. I went to the website (big plus for easy navigation and ease for seeing upcoming appointments and then booking for appointments). The place is open, warm, and inviting. The staff mirror those same exact qualities. I was welcomed in and offered a beverage. Beer in the cooler? Say no more. I had my hairs did by Quinley. She was amazing. I showed her a general picture of what I wanted and told her to go for it. Like magic-poof-when she was done it was spot on. Friendly stylist who gives you the cut you want. Go to her.The price was right too. My hair cut isn't easy so I feel the $25 I paid for it was well worth it. I can't sing enough praises about this place. I was seen on time, and my hair cut was finished in a timely fashion. I shall be back.
5	My whole life, my hair has given me nothing but trouble. I have a very specific hair type and I have always felt like getting my hair cut was as much fun as going to the dentist. That was until I found Thorps. This is the only salon I have gone to where I felt like I was actually being listened to and felt happy about my hair after leaving. Thorps has a great and friendly staff that all have different specialties when it comes to hair. I picked Tara because I saw that she specializes in curly hair and I'm glad I did because every time I've gone to her has been a good experience. She gives good advice, asks questions about my hair and preferences. I recently decided to take a risk and have my hair cut very short but I was nervous that it wouldn't work with my frizzy hair, but we talked it over and made me feel more comfortable about it. I love my new hair so much!As long as I live in Madison, I will keep going here. :)
4	What can I say - it's true, picking someone to cut your hair is harder than picking a Doc.  After having moved from Mpls, it was harder to find someone locally than I'd thought it would be.  I found Thorp's on the advice of a co-worker who is a LOT younger and cooler than I am, but I loved the experience.  Jen did a great job, the price was totally fair, they take time with you.  And, though I haven't done it yet, they offer a full hot shave for guys - YOU MUST do this if you haven't.  Pricy, but worth it once in awhile.  Try Thorp's, it's a nice place, they do good work, and it's right next to Alchemy so you can have a drink after (or before).
5	Love thorps!  great, hip salon that values quality products, good service, and above all, excellent skill.  After seeing a number of stylist several times, I believe you cannot go wrong.Tara - my main stylist and my favorite for color. she's thoughtful, yet imaginative and creative. she has convincingly talked me into trying colors I would have not considered.Cera - great haircuts, is honest and forthcoming about her thoughts. she worked in chicago for many years and is used to satisfying demanding customers.Hattie - has done my shampoos and style only a few times, but is extremely attentive and thorough, as well as knowledgeable.also, online appointments rock!
1	First time meh. Second time awful -- fine cut, just poor service. Friend was also treated poorly (I mean really poorly) and I'd hate for anyone else to go through it.
5	I'm a man who appreciates a good haircut and Thorpes delivers, with beer!  I appreciate that Tara seems to know what I mean even when I am vague or not at all descriptive.  All the staff are personable and treat you like family.  I found my haircut home at Thorpes.
5	Simply put...I've went to A TON of hair places in Madison...I was fickle for sure. Until I found Thorps. That was 3 years ago; I became an instant regular.I've had many of Thorp's stylists cut my hair, all with good results. However, Stephen and Gabriel are my go-to's....I've got short, very thick hair, and I always leave with a great cut. They help me find something fun, balancing edgy with professional (enough). I feel they always hear me out and create something that works for me. The diverse clientele of the shop from retirees, toddlers, hipsters, and everything in between speaks to the breadth of their stylist skills.Beyond great haircuts, there is always thoughtful conversation accompanying your time in the chair...this may sound simple, but there is something to be said about **not** having an awkward, surfacey conversation that you cannot escape for 45+ minutes (been there, done that at many other salons).Other perks...-Online appointments-Reasonable prices-Pac-Man in the shop-Complimentary drinks-Great atmosphere
5	Gabriel saved my blonde hair! I went swimming about a month ago in a pool with WAY too much chlorine for my naturally light blonde hair. After weeks of using dechlorinating shampoo and conditioner to no avail, I looked for a color correcting god. Dye has never touched my hair before so I was very nervous, but after two appointments with Gabriel I am happy to say my hair looks better than ever! The first appointment he used a detox mud mask that took out about 80% of the green color caused by mineral buildup. The next day he gave me perfectly natural blonde highlights around my crown and washed the rest of my hair with a bleach/shampoo mixture that took all the green out of my hair! My hair now looks like it did when I was sixteen, and looks completely natural! Couldn't be happier!
5	I went to Thorps to get some of the grey taken out because I have to be in a wedding.  I was specific in saying that I did not want the color too dark and specific about asking that some of the grey be left in.  I did not want it to look dyed and repeated these requests many times.  The color was put in, the person left and when she came back and rinsed it out . . . I was shocked.  Way too dark, no grey left at all and looks very unnatural . . . it is way darker than my normal color.  I think she must have gone out for lunch or something and I paid the price.  The charge was $60.00.  I knew something was wrong when the color started running down my face and nobody was around to do anything about it.  By the time she returned, the color had stained my face and she was unable to remove it.  She gave up trying to remove it and advised that I should keep scrubbing away at the stains at home.  I just wanted some grey removed and instead of my med brown salt and pepper color, I now have solid black.  I called and left a message with a complaint.  If I hear back from Thorps and if they do anything to remedy this mess, I will then amend this by writing how they handled this situation.  This is an accurate review!Dan J.Ammendment:Thorps returned my call the next day and set up an appointment for two days later.  They spent over two hours correcting the problems, were very, very nice about it and returned the $60 I had originally paid.  I wanted to pay the new stylist for correcting the problems, but they refused this, stating that they would take care of it.  I regret that this happened, but I must say that they stand by their work and go to great lengths to make sure that problems are taken care of and that everyone is satisfied.  So, a negative review is now positive and I am comfortable about returning and about recommending Thorps to others.Dan J.
4	I just got my hair professionally colored at Thorps for the first time in my entire life, and I absolutely wouldn't hesitate to go back there again the next time around. Quinley was awesome - friendly, and she checked on me regularly to make sure my hair and I were doing okay, but she didn't seem to mind that I prefer to just chill during hair appointments and enjoy my amaaazing head massages in silence. Very professional; even when her glasses broke in half near the end of my appointment (!), she wasn't thrown off by it in the least.She did a great job on my hair, which is now softer and smells nicer than it probably ever has. I came in envisioning a bright, true blue on the underside layers of my (naturally very dark brown hair), so we spent a few minutes just talking about it and coming up with a plan. My super-dark Spanish hair sucked up all the dye and turned it more of a lighter turquoise-ish color, but honestly, I'm starting to think I actually like this even more than I would've liked electric blue.If you're still unsure, just go to Thorps and look at their staff. Look at their hair - they have such a wide variety of styles, textures, and colors, and they ALL HAVE GREAT HAIR. Seriously. For me, that's a marker of a good salon. If your stylist has awesome hair, you know you'll be okay. If every stylist in the room has awesome hair, you know you're gonna walk out looking and feeling like a badass.
5	I found this place months before I actually moved to Madison and was so stoked to finally get an appointment. Simply put, this place does not disappoint. The decor is cute, staff is friendly, and it is SO CHEAP compared to what I'm used to paying. When the woman at the register told me it was $28 for my cut and style I thought I must have misheard her. Quinley did my hair and she was fabulous. Super friendly and efficient. I have long, fine hair and I just wanted a trim and long layers and it turned out perfectly! Definitely the best blowout I've ever had and the products she used smell so good. Before I left l, Quinley wrote her email down on a business card so I could contact with any questions about styling or products, something I've never had a hairstylist offer before!In summary: this place is rad and you can get what would be a $60 haircut in LA for half the price. I'm obsessed.
5	What a rockin' establishment!I'll keep this snippy: the staff rocks, the salon is cool and cozy, beer when you walk in the door. Prices are reasonable (my cut was $20) and they have 10% off with bicycle benefits. The only question is: do you mind getting helmet hair on the way home? Hmmm...
2	First of all, they offered me a beer as part of my complimentary beverage options.  Amazing.  Love it.Now, to the terrible part.  I did not get the haircut I asked for, not even close.  I asked for face framing layers and I received a short layer that went around the crown of my head.  I have curly hair, so you can imagine what that looked like.  I did not notice how bad the cut was, because it was straightened when I left.  As it curled up, I realized how bad it looked.  I asked for one, very important thing.  Please, make it a wash, blow dry and go look.  I am someone with a very fast paced life style.  I now have to take 30-45 minutes each day to actually style my hair.  I have my portraits for law school coming up and my hair is terrible.  It has been nearly three months and waiting for this hair style to grow out has been excruciating.  There is NO saving the current hair style and its current lengths.  Yes, that is plural.  I am a person who dresses very simple and sophisticated. I am not a hipster who wants her hair to be chopped and trendy.  It was awful.  $25 for a haircut.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I emailed the person who cut my hair and all she did was recommend one of their overpriced products.  I am offended.  I cried after this haircut.  Literally, sobbed.  Why can't I find any place that can cut curly hair?
5	Based on Yelp reviews, I was between this and another nearby salon when I moved to Madison in 2011; I'd chosen the other, but after things going south there for a while, I decided to jump ship and give Thorps a try. I went with Quinley because of all her rave reviews on here and she totally lived up to my expectations. I'm really really picky and would rather talk through my cut than bring a picture or something, and she actually listened and gave me exactly the cut I've been wanting. I'll be back!
4	This is my new go to hair salon.  Love the fact that I can get a beer or coffee when I go in (yes, something BESIDES water is awesome!).  Love the the relaxed vibe.  The first haircut I got there I wasn't totally thrilled with, but I had asked for something "different" and that's what I got (It was just more than I had expected, which I think would be fine for others).  I went back for the second time last week and I LOVE my hair!  If only I could make it stop growing so it would it could just look like this!  Very happy with the prices too.
5	I've had several haircuts here.  I started with hair as short as a boy's and they gave me boy-cut pricing when it was. As it grew longer the pricing increased (as it should) with the difficulty of each style.  I wasn't disappointed.  Each haircut made my hair look great as it grew out, months after each appointment.  Haddie and Claire are both great stylists (the only two that I've had here) and now I'm completely loyal to Thorps.  This place is a great value with awesome talent.
2	I've only been there once but it was a good experience. I'll probably choose to go back again. It's a cool environment. My stylist was Quinley, I chose her because of all the good reviews of her on here. She was really nice & trimmed my hair well.*update*So I went back there to get my hair colored (ombre style) & I completely wish I hadn't. My hair is completely ruined. I have been dying my hair nearly all of my life & have never had my hair destroyed like this. Whatever she did (I don't remember the name of the stylist) ruined my hair. Ever since I had my colored, my hair has not been tangle free, smooth, silky, everything you would want your hair to be. My hair is always one big tangle that has so much breakage. I am really upset because now I've basically been forced into cutting my hair, which I've been growing out for years & I'm just a couple inches away from target length.  I've done many hair masks (both store bought & homemade) & nothing has made much of a difference. DO NOT go here to get your hair colored.Because of this experience I've changed my rating from a 5 to a 2.
3	I have mixed feelings right now about this place. I moved to Madison a few months ago and have been looking for a reasonably priced place to get a good haircut. I had an appointment with Hattie who did a fantastic job on my haircut but I was a little turned off by the political slant she posed to me regarding other businesses in the profession (whether I agree or not, it was a little forward for just meeting me) as well as her position on coloring my hair. I was told that if I couldn't afford to get my hair colored professionally then I should let my hair go gray. I thought is was quite inconsiderate considering that once again, she just met me and didn't have any information regarding my financial status or feelings about the subject. Lastly, yes there's more, I felt very pressured into the store products. This is typical for every hair salon but I felt especially pressured by Hattie regarding their product. Again, I loved the cut she gave me and would love to go back but I'm not sure if I'll be comfortable enough to do it considering all the negatives. P.S. they do provide beer free of charge for their customers but I didn't partake - the days calendar didn't allow for it - so I can't comment regarding the beverages.
4	Cool atmosphere, really good and friendly stylist (quinley), insanely affordable cut and blow dry ($28?!?!?!?). At first I was nervous because I have long hair with layers and it looked like a barber shop, but no fear, it's a ladies salon too! As soon as I walked in they offered me a beverage, and the wash before the cut was as attentive and massage-y as more expensive salons. I expected something hasty for the price but Quinley made sure I got exactly what I wanted, which was an updated vibe for my long layers. My hair looks and feels amazing now.
5	Lou. You got me. You got me good. So good, with your classic barbering technique, that I'm even considering coming in sooner than every four weeks. Crazy, I know, but as you get to know my hair I'm digging where things are going. It's a happy relationship we've created been man and razor. (And locks.) And four weeks seems too long to let you hack at it. The remodel brightens this space up and makes it feel like a hair emporium where creativity oozes from stylists hands. I'm a fan.
5	What a great spot in the Atwood Neighborhood for a nice haircut. I just happened to be passing by for work and needed a quick trip. I was a walk-in client and all stylists were tied up or waiting on clients. Gabriel quickly offered to clean me up for $5. This is the kind of customer service that all great businesses should exemplify. I hope to be in the area again sometime soon to get the full experience. Thank you!
4	I have generally well-behaved hair which makes me lazy/spoiled. A 'good haircut' to me means my hair looks like I spent time styling it when I didn't. The first time I went to Thorps I didn't quite get that..but it wasn't awful either. Not a big deal, but not totally worth the $45 in my mind. The stylist mentioned that different stylists at Thorps charge different prices. Not sure what that's about-- it's sort of weird. Minus 1 star altogether for that experience. Today I went back. I mentioned that I 1) don't style my hair frequently 2) it dries wavy. Jess cut my hair to perfection and gave me the best blowout ever, even going so far as to dry my hair into waves to show me how the cut would look on a regular day. She was incredibly nice and fun to talk to while I was getting my locks trimmed and didn't pressure me to buy any products. I walked out of there with bouncy mermaid hair that smelled like a garden. And this time it was $35...not complaining.
1	Called and stated I needed someone with a lot of experience cutting long, curly, thick, unruly hair. Your receptionist said no problem.The woman cutting my hair said she was just learning how to cut curly hair.I asked for partial low lights--you bleached out my hair.You cut my hair uneven, and I had to have it fixed somewhere else (there were big chunks!)Two hundred dollars to look like a skunk, streaked poodle.Right before leaving, you asked why I even came there as I was looking for something more conservative as you were an :alternative salon."
4	Recommended by a fellow Yelper, I have been to Thorps twice within two months. My first stylist was Quinley, who has received raving reviews on yelp. She is nice and friendly, during the shampooing she gave me a nice massage and explained which products she used and the purpose of them. Those products left my hair smelling so good! I brought pictures of the style that I wished to have. I wanted to go from long hair to short hair, so it was quite a big change. I thought my desired length looked pretty obvious in my pictures, they were both clearly way above shoulder length, but for some reason she decided to go with something longer. I thought with the layers they would appear shorter but nope...Having spent the money I decided to wait a little while before returning again. This time I made the appt with Kenna, who specializes in short hair and edgy cuts, exactly what I wanted. I decided to talk through my hair cut this time, telling her what I wanted at the beginning and also as she goes along. I love Kenna, she would check in with me to make sure the length is ok, the layers are ok etc. She was also very cool about it when I told her to make adjustments at the end. My resulting short hair with bangs came with nice layers and face framing style. Kenna did a superb job! I have come to realize that for me, talking through my hair cut is a good way to go. Most asians have a similar set of preferences for hair cut which can be different to what the stylists are used to. But the terminologies are the same regardless of where you originate, so as long as you let them know what you want, they do an awesome job =) The only little thing which I took for granted is that they don't make your hair 'thinner' by default, so I will have to let them know that at my next visit, especially now that summer is approaching. Also, even though all the stylists at Thorps are professional, they have their specialized areas. If it's your first time making your appointment, let them know what type of hair your have (curly, short etc) and ask them to pair you up with the best match stylist. Once you have someone you like, you can make regular appointments via the internet online. Great system!!
2	All I wanted was a faded madmen style cut. I just moved here and have been desperately looking for someone who could do that. Didn't realize it would be that tough. The receptionist recommended and booked me someone so I went with it.I should have ran for my life when I saw her using both hands on the clippers. She kept reassuring me that she would blend it. That never happened. Lesson learned, at the end of it all at least my partner got a good laugh out of it.I'm sure there are plenty of good stylist there but I'm just gonna try another shop.
5	This place is really great each stylus takes their time with your hair, and really makes you feel like you are the only person in the room. Most of my cuts take 20-15 min at any other hair place. And me leaving a little disported with the overall quality. So far both I've had a wonderful experience with both Ella & Francis, each cut lasted about 45min to an hour, the time flew by with happy upbeat conversation.  This place is rad. Good atmosphere. Good people.  Great hair cut!
5	Great service, great vibe, love the place! And what a reasonable price! Only $20-25 for a ladies haircut.No need to look further, Frances is the one. She love thick long hair (like mine), and spends like half an hour to blow dry my hair and make sure it looks nice and long. Also, she's great with layering and giving suggestions for your hair.Thank you Frances, it has always been a wonderful pleasure to have a haircut with you! I always feel so refreshed after visiting you!
4	I just stopped in Thorps this evening for another haircut, this time with Quinley. Totally pleased! In fact, I scheduled my next cut with Quinley before I left. Even though I was mostly in for a trim, we talked about the heaviness of my thick hair and she made a big difference in lightening up the layers in my near-shoulder length bob. My last cut at Thorps was with Tara and she really cleaned up a grown out, trendier cut into a clean bob. She understood how to smooth the layers in my straight, yet thick hair so everything looked polished for the next couple of months. A stylist who works well with thick hair is a special find and now I've found two at Thorps! After blowing it out she carefully went back over bits that might be prone to flipping outward. We talked a bit about her preferences and I would highly recommend her for anyone looking for a beachy/boho hairstyle - this woman definitely has a passion for voluminous waves, sea salt spray, and highlights. All in all, I love Thorps for these reasons: 1. Great vibe - it's classy but laid back and the space is so roomy, I find it much more relaxing than your average salon. 2. Price - it varies by stylist of course but I can get a reasonable price on a great haircut. I certainly believe in paying for quality but, as a woman paying for upkeep cuts on a fairly simple hairstyle, I appreciate that Thorps has some stylists who aren't so veteran as to be out of my price range. My haircut today was $30 and I left my last salon when prices creeped above $45 per cut. 3. Product - they're obviously very choosey about the product they carry, use, and recommend. It all smells amazing, always a perk. 4. Hours - in my book it's a huge plus to schedule a later cut, and enjoy a PBR with it.5. Service - the people here are always helpful and generally friendly although sometimes a little cold. What's that about anyway? P.S. They do Bike Benefits and there's plenty of bike parking on the block. So pedal there and save a few bucks!
5	My first experience at another salon in Madison was bad news for my short haircut. I had choppy and chunky layers instead of feathering or texturing, meaning when the cut finally grew out, it looked heavy and helmet like. I went to Thorps after reading other yelp reviews and booked an appointment with Bria. I was super excited when I met her to see that she also had an adorable short cut and knew exactly what to do with my hair. The place had a wonderful vibe, super welcoming and comfortable. Bria was amazing. She shaped and texturized my cut into something really stylish and cute that framed my face perfectly. (And recommended some great restaurants for a new 30ish person in Madison!) I am definitely going back and cannot recommend it enough!
5	Alyssa not only did a great job on my hair, but had wonderful suggestions for me. She took care of my haircut and my beard. I immediately scheduled another appointment with her in three weeks.
5	My comb over is gone!! Thank you Claire!I'm still haunted by my childhood hair cuts. You know, the bowl cuts.. the rattail.. all of that emotionally scaring good stuff. So I'm generally a little choosy when it comes to where I get my hair done. With a little research I read great things about Claire's way with men's locks, so I booked an appointment hoping for the best.And I got the best.Although I didn't exactly get a huge change, Claire definitely helped my 'do that looked straight out of 1975 by working some sort of miracle with those clippers of hers. While cutting my hair, she carried a nice conversation with me. The awkward small talk about just how darn cold it is outside never happened. I felt very comfortable here.
