4	Mellow Mushroom is finally in Phoenix.  They're up on Happy Valley Rd. on the NE corner of I-17 and Happy Valley, in that Norterra shopping area.  It faces Happy Valley, so it's easy to find.Their specialty is pizza with fresh & premium ingredients, somewhat similar to California Pizza Kitchen.  The crust on my pizza today was moist and chewy on the inside with a tad of crispness on the outside.  Sauce had a "bright" sweet tomato flavor, and the cheese was very thick and chewy - almost as if I had ordered extra cheese on the pie.  Pretzels were very good too, very chewy like the ones you see in the mall vs. the traditional German variety.Great selection of beers (35 taps) and happy hour at 3pm.  So, if you're happy, find yourself at happy hour on Happy Valley Road - then why not have a pint of ale and a fresh pizza at Mellow Mushroom?
5	This location just opened,2nd visit and I give it five stars.The pizza was great, the pretzels have no rival. The Greek salad was loaded with veggies. I know if this kind of quality food continues this place will be a huge hit at Noterra.The service was good my only critique would be don't apologize for a 20 minute wait for pizza what good pizza doesn't take sometime.We look forword to more yummy food.
3	I'm a beer nut. I love Rogue, Stone, and any other west coast craft brews. When saw a picture in new times with a half dozen Rogue taps, I knew I had to go. We decided to wait until they had been open a few days and could get the hang of things.So, Sunday night we drove all the way up to the north suburbs into some sterile power center with all the usual suburban crap. I was overly delighted to see pictures of downtown Phoenix all over the place. There are probably a couple dozen photoshopped shots around the restaurant. It definitely made me feel like it was at least not 100% a carbon copy chain restaurant, even though it is a chain, but it's probably franchised. The wings I would not order again. The quality of them seemed to be fine, and they were baked rather than deep fried, but they were so small that it made me feel a little ripped off. They were about 1/2 the size of the wings from NYPD and about 1/3 the size of Streets of New York's. I then ordered the Rogue Chocolate Stout and the girlfriend ordered a Rogue Juniper Ale, both on draft, along with just about everything else, including Chimay tripple... nice! Pizza was a Kosmik Karma, which was a vegetarian pizza and was tasty enough, but was a completely average pizza. Nothing was crispy, nothing was jumping out at me, but it was edible. I'd had much worse. The place is VERY chaotic. It's loud, busy, and has people running around everywhere. And, as you'd imagine on the northside, there are plenty of white trash families running around, lots of 15 year old girls in skate shoes and famous stars and stripes hoodies, and lots of lifted trucks. Be prepared to eat with a lot of douches. Service was excellent, though. I'd return if I were in the area, and while it's nice to have something to fall back on in that situation, I wouldn't go out of my way to go back since really the only draw for me are the beers.
3	I ate at a Mellow Mushroom this summer in Arkansas and it was really good so I was a little disappointed by this place. It was wild and crazy on Saturday evening with lots of families and kids and the freaking music was blaring. We hadnt even looked at the menu and I asked JD if he wanted to just get it to go, but we stuck it out. Waiting for our food I saw two different guy server's underwear hanging out of their baggy-ass pants, which is so ridiculous. I can't believe the managers let them dress like that at work. All I can think is "at least they have underwear on". GrossWe split a chopped salad that wasn't bad, but I switched out the Esperanza (house) dressing for ranch because it was just a little too tart for me. The pizza's came and JD's Funky Q chicken was really good but REALLY hot. My White Pizza wasn't as hot or as good. I was most disappointed with my pie's crust to toppings ratio. It was alot of crust. Their crust is good, but who wouldnt rather have more cheesy goodness instead?? The crust is really good though. And both pizza's tasted even better cold the next day!One weird thing about the service was that when the pizza's were brought out we weren't given plates (?) we just ate off of the pizza pans. I kept looking at other tables to see if we were the only ones who were plateless and basically we were but our waiter was MIA and no one else noticed so whatever.Our waiter resurfaced and went to get me a diet coke refill but never came back with one so I helped JD with his regular coke. All in all it wasnt terrible, but it wasnt great either. I will chalk everything up to being new and go back again sometime. I just hope the servers pull their pants up.
3	The place finally opened, with a name like Mellow Mushroom, we were wondering what the fuss would be all about.  The place was packed on a Monday night.  The theme is interesting, a lot of subtle references to the hippieness that seems to outline this restaurant, waiters were wearing shirts that say "Baked Since 1974", the appetizers are called munchies... Hilarious.   It was loud, so loud that the music was faint, to a point where it was a little irritating, though the atmosphere for a Pizza place has a lot of potential. The decor is interesting aswell, a few photographs of Phoenix as it is today, which shows the owner's love for the locals and this valley.  The food as I witnessed was fair, intresting combinations on their specialty pizzas, on paper that is.  When the pizzas slowly came out of the kicthen  there was a lot of dough surrounding the toppings in the center of the pie.  Honestly, the pizzas were not there yet, as far as taste and presentation, surely and hopefully that is only due to newly trained staff in the kitchen. Double orders were flying out, clearly miscommunication from the waiters to the kitchen...  Give this place a couple months at least, they should have their act together by Valentine's day. Let's hope.  The Stuffed Portebello "Munchy" (appertizer) was very good, though when it came with some really nice mixed greens on the side as an accompanying salad, it was overpowered  by a very thick balsamic glaze (supposedly a reduction)  The dish would have been perfect without the overdrizzle of that dark thick sauce...  Overall, it looks like the Mellow Mushroom is possibly working out their kinks, though the waitress should have never admitted that to our faces. There's potential, the menu is clean and simple, the staff must now back the reputation of this unique Pizzaria, since it does have to compete with Sauce, around the corner with very tasty dough and a much more professional cooking staff.  Possibly the best thing it has going is the extensive beer list that is on tap, the Purple Haze is okay  and very popular, the Apricot beer there is something else.  Good job on those GM, though pretzels? Stick to the theme: Pizza.
4	We recently tried Mellow Mushroom once we saw that it finally opened after seeing the signs for quite awhile.  Part of our motivation was a coupon for a free appetizer that we received in the mail.  Headed there for a late lunch on a recent weekend.  Thought it would be crowded due to the lunch time hour, but we were able to get a seat quickly, with plenty of tables available.We ordered the Capri salad as our appetizer.  This was okay...part of the problem was the tomatoes weren't great (I know, not in season right now), but the mozzarella they used was so-so at best.  The slices weren't very big either.  For our meal, we were going to share a half meatball hoagie and a small Kosmic Karma (pesto, spinach, sd tomatoes, feta) pizza.  (I must not have been listening to my wife, because we only shared the pizza, and I got all the meatball hoagie, score for me!)  I also ordered a root beer from the tap.  All of the food was very good.  I really liked the pizza, and the meatball sub was quite tasty as well.  Both also reheated well the next day in the toaster oven.  Other than the salad, the food was really good, and I'm looking forward to going back to try some other things.The service was okay, still some kinks since they had just opened.  It was super friendly though.  One thing I might be apprehensive about if I were to eat there on a regular basis...it seemed like the prices were a little bit high...not sure why, but seemed like a huge jump in price from their small to their large pies...but they tasted good so they have that going for them.  Pretty sure I'll be back.
4	a coupon came in the mail, and g and i had been looking forward to mellow mushroom opening for the last few months. we wandered in sunday afternoon, and i was a bit nervous - our neighbor warned it takes a looooong time to eat there. we asked to sit in the bar, which was a good size and had a ton of beers to choose from. our server had a list of them and kindly left it with us to peruse. in the end, g decided on his standard, a miller lite, which was only available in the canned form. it cracked me up to see him drinking a canned miller lite in a restaurant ... it was like we were at home. we started with (free with coupon) pretzels. six to be exact, brushed with garlic and parmesan.  they were killer. loved those pretzels. they'd be great to share with a group at happy hour - each one is good sized and you can order 3 or 6. they take about 20 minutes (noted on the menu) and are worth the wait. the main event was 1/2 chicken jerk sandwich for me, 10-inch pepperoni pizza for him. i don't know who needs a whole sandwich; the 1/2 was giant and more than enough for me. my sandwich came out on white bread (i asked for wheat) but it didn't matter because it was tasty, and all the ingredients appeared fresh except the pineapple, which looked and tasted canned. i appreciated that the 1/2 sandwich was $4 less than the whole ... i hate those places that sell you a 1/2 sandwich for $1 less than the whole ... where's the fun in that? g's pizza was really, really good at the restaurant and re-heated for dinner. if you have leftover pretzels, reheat in the oven at 350 for 10 minutes for yummy take two. pizza took a little less than 10 minutes in the oven to reheat.service was great with no issues. i didn't feel like we were there too long, drink refills were prompt and our server was attentive without being annoying. the restaurant is hip and cool, inviting and family friendly as evidenced by the plethora of children dining with their 'rents on sunday. the atmosphere was casual and the tunes were pretty good. as we were finishing our meal we noticed the bar stocked jeremiah weed, which i haven't noticed in any other bar - that was pretty neat-o. and yes yelpers, this is a franchise, and a damn good one. i'll be back.
2	Decided to give Mellow Mushroom Pizza for lunch. The service started out good but as typical for a new chain restaurant, they never came back until it was time to pay. The Pizza was good but the "chain pizza" crust reminded me of Hungry Howies. The auto pizza oven was not running the belt quick enough and the crust was so tough I could hardly cut it with a knife.meh
2	This was just ok. I got the steakhouse salad, which came with four pieces of meat the size of quarters. I'm sorry, but that's no $13 salad. I had to send it back, because I asked for the meat to be cooked through and it was rare.My dining partner said her pizza was tasteless.It was very loud.In all, it was too much money for what we got. We won't go back.
4	In the Anthem area, you are somewhat limited in your options when it comes to decent pizza. This is what led us to venture over to the Mellow Mushroom yesterday, as we decided that it was time to investigate this new spot. Around 6pm the place was pretty busy, but there were a few open tables still left and we were seated with the quickness at a booth near the bar. They have several nice, flat screen tv's and we got to catch part of the beating that the Sabres gave the Coyotes. As others have pointed out, it's not exactly quiet inside, but I didn't presume that I was going to be dining at a library so this didn't really bother me. The restaurant was clean and looked nice and new, so no complaints on the atmosphere from me. Now for the important part...the food. We ordered several items to share so that everyone could sample a few different things. As for the pizza, I thought it was decent, with a thicker dough-y crust and a nice, sweet sauce. I tried a bit of the Italian sandwich, and I was impressed with the real mozzarella, not bad, but I don't really dig onions and this sandwich had a lot of 'em. I also had about half of a meatball sub, and this was the highlight of my meal, it was just right and really hit the spot.Service was excellent, and I can only assume that they'll continue to get better as the place was still fairly new. Nice work, Mellow Mushroom, we'll be back.
3	Overall I had a good experience here.  I appreciate a place that offers vegetarian options since I don't eat beef, chicken, or pork.  The tortilla soup was vegetarian, which is nice, but it was a little too spicy for me.  It seemed more like chili.  Their bbq chicken pizza (without the chicken) was very good.  Nice bbq sauce.  I agree with other reviews that mention the crust being very big and thick, but I really like a thick edge crust sometimes, so I was fine with it.  I had a make your own sub with tofu.  It was pretty good, but I do wish they would put more effort in to the preparation of the tofu.  It was not the firmest, and needed more time on a grill.  It was a bit mushy.  Service was good.  I would go back again, but if you're gonna have vegetarian options......get the tofu right!
2	I had a decent idea what I was getting myself into when I pulled into the parking lot. The placed seemed gimmick-laden and looked costly. Costly pizza generally doesn't make much sense to me, but exceptions can be made. Exceptions won't be made for Mellow Mushroom.My wife and I went on a Friday, early evening, in time for happy hour. The beer selection was better than average, but the pricing was unreal. Seven dollars for a 21 ounce beer is pushing it at a restaurant. That is arena pricing in my book, but since it was happy hour, half the price made it acceptable. My wife attempted to order one of their signature drinks, but was halted due to a lack of mint. The server told her to pick another drink and she'd come back. Ten minutes later, and after my wife picked a new drink, the server came back in the Mojito. She never acknowledged my wife asking my wife to select a new drink. We then attempted to order an appetizer, only to be told that they were out of a key ingredient for that dish as well.This is when I grow irritated. We were with the in-laws, so we ordered a pizza, calzone and a sandwich. Those being the main offerings of the place. The pizza combination were rather odd, but we could have constructed our own if we desired to. That was a mistake on our part. The pesto from their signature pizza was overwhelming and coupled with the mushrooms and jalapenos was largely uninviting. My father-in-law's calzone looked excellent and he seemed pleased. My sandwich came ten minutes later due to our server putting the order in improperly. It wasn't anything spectacular.The bill was a bit high and even all of the miscues didn't prompt the manager or the server to offer any compensation or deductions. Not interested in returning, on account of the service and the fact that if I want to truly spend on pizza, I'm already well aware of many better places.
3	I wanted to really like this place and gave it two tries.  And I will probably go back.  The pizza IS good.  The dough is quite flavorful.  I had the Mega-veggie and it was indeed loaded with excellent toppings.  Not cheap, but that pizza fed me for three meals!However, both times my order was screwed up resulting in incredible wait time and comping of my meal.  Staff was apologetic both times, but....  As the place is new, perhaps that explains the messing up on my orders.  So I will give them another chance.Decor is not sumptuous or warm - all concrete and steel with no padded seating.  This will be fine in the summer.  But in the winter it is uncomfortably cold in there to me.Three strikes and they're out.  I'll be downgrading my rating after another visit if necessary.
2	Why did I think going here was a good idea?For some reason, I thought that Mellow Mushroom was going to be some kind of pizza bistro, with emphasis on the 60's. Boy was I wrong. First off, this sports bar doesn't know what it is. Being a graphic designer, I know about the funky concept of branding, which this upscale TGI-Fridays completely tosses out the window. From the 60's font on the outside of the building, to the Modern skyline artwork on the walls, to the 10 different genres of t-shirts the servers wear, this place is chaotic and terrifying. And the food experience was even worse. First off, we got the Artichoke dip, which was ok. It was hot, which was nice, but I prefer a nice crust on the top of mine, which didn't happen. Then came the 45 minute wait for our pizza, which was then delivered to another table. 15 minutes after that, our server realized what happened, and to be fair, she was very apologetic, and it wasn't her fault, it was the fault of the runners. So, they made up another pie, and a manager gave us a comp meal and 2 free pizzas, which is nice and earns them a star. As for the pizza, we got the buffalo chicken pizza, which really needed more chicken and hot sauce. Most of what I had was a cheese & ranch pizza. The chicken was tasty, though very sparse, and the hot sauce was tangy, which is what I expect. I only wish there was more. The dough was very good though, and the pizza tasted decently cold the next morning. Slight hints of sweetness come through the crust, which was nice.However, the disaster that occurred there, along with the schizophrenic atmosphere has chased me away for good. I will be using those coupons though when the time arises.Lastly, looking around at other tables, I do not recommend the Pretzels. I see that there is an image of them on here, DO NOT BE FOOLED. I see NO reason to have to wait 20 minutes for Pretzels that are not even the size of a hand.
4	I am a sucker for promotions, and the last time we ate at MM they gave us a card good for a "special" prize that could only be revealed by our server on our next visit. I think this kind of thing is genius! I carried the magic card in my wallet imagining what my prize would be. Turns out it was a free calzone. Bonus!We happily order the meatball app, which comes out looking delicious and doesnt disappoint one bit. Three skewers with giant meatballs attached with a slab of mozzarella floating on a hot pond of marinara and sprinkled with parmesan and what seemed like bits of crouton (?). I love me some meatballs and these were definitely not balls to pass up!  For din, I asked to turn my "free cheese calzone" into a chicken one and pay the difference, but our waitress informed me that was not at all possible. I pretty-please asked her if she would just check with the manager on duty for me to see if it could be done. She agreed and of course she came back and said "yeah we can do it". Ok, great. JD ordered a plain pepperoni personal and he was happy with it. Good crust, lots of pep and gooey cheese. My chicken calazone came out looking like two giant cornacopia's of dough, cheese onions, peppers and chicken. It was massive and they had split it in half and just a half was a hulk of a serving. It came with hot marinara sauce on the side for dipping or just pouring over. We were all over that baby and the waitress even commented when we were finished that we did "better than most people" who order their calzones. Was she saying we were cows? Maybe, but I was too full and happy to care. All in all, it wasn't amazing and I still prefer other places calzones (Spinato's, NYPD Pizza) but if are a calzone lover I'd say give MM a go-round. *****I didnt see one waitperson's panties this time, major bonus!
5	Not sure how u can not love this place! The pizza is the best Ive ever had the pretzels well that just kicks A**. My husband and I tried this place because we just happened to drive by. We will now make this our regular Pizza joint. Our server was also wonderful!!
5	I was surprised to see so many medium-to-negative reviews about this place. My wife and I went last Thursday night and we were incredibly impressed.Mellow Mushroom is a dine-in restaurant, so it is a little pricey. But it's easy for two people to share a medium pizza and an appetizer and get out for less than $30, which is pretty average for your typical dine-in experience. There is a bit of sticker shock if you order carry out (three pizzas and two appetizers to go can run you $75)But, having said that, it's worth it. I've been on a quest to find the best pizza in Phoenix and upon first bite Mellow Mushroom was easily in my top three. Their hand-made pretzels are fantastic (try the Garlic Parmesan) and the pizza is most excellent-- I get what I always get to test the water, pepperoni and mushroom, and I was very impressed.The atmosphere is pretty cool too. Unless you were a sheltered child, you can probably tell that this is a hippie themed kind of place with hints of stoner undertones. Say what you want about that lifestyle, but potheads know their pizza. Our server, Chris, was very friendly and was happy to tell us all about the company history--which is a fun story too.We tried it on a whim, and we had a great experience. I highly recommend giving it a shot if you're a fan of pizza. Their half-white-half-wheat dough makes a really interesting flavor and the texture is slightly chewy yet crunchy on the bottom, it's excellent.They also have a promo right now, if you go in there and get one of their business cards, you can bring it back between 2/15/10 and 2/28/10 for a random prize--drinks, pizza, etc.Bottom line: I loved it.
5	I have read some of the reviews and being a bar owner I can tell you this place rocks for beer selection. The pizza is very good but is pricey. $7.00 beers are not expensive if you know what a barrel of micro costs. I go there once a week and have not been disappointed and I highly recommend Rouge Chocolate Stout while waiting on your pizza. I normally drink 2 twenty ouncers and the pie is ready. Yea pricey but you get what you pay for.
4	Pizza and fresh pretzels how could you go wrong? We ended up getting "The Philosopher" which had kalamata olives, portobello mushroom caps, artichoke hearts with an oil and garlic base. The best part was that it came with steak initially and they put it on the side for us so I could still enjoy my protein. Next time I am going to try the salt and mustard pretzels.  After the pretzels, a 14inch pizza and 1 ice tea we bounced with a little under a 30$ bill which seemed a little much but it was good and they took good care of us.
5	This place is so unbelievable. I have been in the industry and have managed, cooked bartended and served. This place is everything a rest. should be. The pizza is awesome thanks to the amazing whole wheat crust and the super fresh ingredients. The barb is inviting with multiple HD tvs, a nice random music mix, a fun loving staff and 36 beers on tap, mostly micros and great!!!!I have nothing but great things to say about this place.
4	Mellow Mushroom is all about Happy Hour. Since Mellow is located between my place of employment and my house, I frequent Mellow Mushroom for happy hour at least a few times a week.The bar layout is great! It's a horseshoe bar with 15 or so bar stools, which are always filled, and some scattered tables and booths in the bar area. There is also a patio out the back door which is attached to the bar. The bartenders are rad, but sometimes get over worked with orders. Mellow Mushroom is packed every day, however I usually never have an empty glass. The bar is loaded with 6 to 8 flat screen televisions which always have sports playing. They have every DirecTV package so if hockey is your thing, this is your bar!The beer selection is awesome. They have a vast selection of draught (28 or so on tap, even a draught root beer for the kids), bottles (about 15 different "flavors"), and a couple different variates of canned beer (MGD, Coors Light, PBR and a couple of craft cans like Trout and Dale's). Draught beer comes in 16 and 20 ounce sizes for "normal" beer and 9 ounce snifters for the high gravity beers such as Rouge Old Crusty.Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom. The 16 ouncers run 6 bucks a pop and the 20 ouncers are 7 bucks. Hi-grav beers are a little more at $9. Bottles range from the 4 and 5 dollar range for normal bottles up to $25 bombers from the Rogue brewery. Cans are a little cheaper at $2.50 to $5.00 a can. The combat to the pricing is Happy Hour. On weekdays, Monday through Friday (for those who aren't completely aware of what weekdays are) from 3-6 PM and from 10 PM to close, Mellow Mushroom has half off all alcohol! This makes it very reasonable, especially $1.25 PBR and $2.00 Tecante cans!If rewards are your thing, Mellow Mushroom is for you. They have a Beer Club! Drink 75 different beers, get a plaque on the wall (ala Old Chicago) and get your own mug. At that point you get the big beers at the pint price. Along the way you are also rewarded with beer koozies (25 different beers) and free appetizers (50 different beers).Appetizers are the only food items I've had there, as they are half off during the first happy hour. The homemade pretzels are by far the best. They come in Garlic & Parmesan, Salt, and Cinnamon & Honey. The pretzels are made from the same dough as their pizza crust, which is a wheat bread with a bit of sweetness to it. The artichoke dip and hummus is also out of this world. I'd steer clear of the tomato bisque, it's basically a bowl of marinara sauce. As for other food, I haven't tried it, but they do deliver within a 3 mile radius of the store.This is THE BAR in the northwest valley.P.S. 4 star review because of non-happy hour pricing.
2	Umm.  What are these "hippies" smoking?I only ask because:a) this isn't a 60s-ish place.  Just because you calling your appetizers "munchies" (I get it!  Like I'm stoned!) and you have a psychadelic menu cover doth not make a hippie place.    This was like the bastard lovechild of TGI Friday's and a 5 and Diner.b) This is some of the heaviest pizza I've ever had.  And not in a good way (like traditional Chicago pie).  You'd better like crust because you get a ton of it.  We did a cheese and a BBQ chicken. c) Tomato bisque soup is not bisquey.  My wife thought it tasted like tomato sauce.  When she sent it back, the server guessed right "Did you think it tasted like red sauce?"  Apparently we weren't the first.  That ain't a good sign, friends.d) It isn't cheap.  You want good, cheap hippie food?  Go to Two Hippies Beach Stand @ 5th and Camelback.e) Where's the peace on Earth?  It is loud.  We got sat in the back (near the kitchen) which was better.. but up front?   Find me an eating experience where loud helps your experience.  I never notice the noise levels in restaurants.  This was madness.On the plus side, there are a lot of beers.  They are expensive but it looks like a great deal at happy hour (which is 2-6 M-F).  Northsiders, don't let the convenience trick yourselves into thinking this is good pizza.  You're better than this!
4	Any Bar/Restauraunt that closes at 2am with a kitchen that closes at 1am should always deserve a closer look. Crazy drink specials throughout the nite (3 to 6 pm and 10 to close) which entails HALF off everything, The Mellow Mushroom has much to offer. The food consits of mostly Pizza, calzones, and hoagie's. And as for the drinks, its a full bar. Enthusiastic bartenders, a pelethora of flat screens, trivia books, and of course alcohol will keep you entertained throughout your stay. As for the food, the House Calzone is a good size at an average at most price but, none the less cheezy and pretty good. I cannot comment on the pizza due to this is my first visit. Altogether I enjoyed my visit and look foward to more....
4	Finally a place that northern phoenicians can go to to get good beer.  Very much more like a pizza joint than a bar even though they have a wide variety of good beers, both local, microbrew and imports.  A little more like North Scottsdale prices than North Phoenix prices though which is funny since they are going to open one in North Scottsdale from what they told me. The pizzas were heavily crust oriented with a sweet crust, almost honeylike.Being the only real game in the area they will do good so if you like pizza and beer check them out.
5	Fantastic pizza with amazing toppings. People who complained about service must be on crack. You do have to wait for a handmade pizza with toppings that you choose, but it is relatively quick and there are great salads and appetizers. The cool thing is that it is open late every night and there  are almost no others places in the area that do this. The boutique beers on tap are top notch. This place is HIGHLY recommended!!!!!
3	I went to the Mushroom for lunch. Sat at the bar. Great selection of beer, great pizza. The service was great at lunch. The meal was so good that I decided to take a buddy of mine out that same night (he helped me move a couch, I owe him right?). We went for dinner. Sat at a high top in the bar for 15 minutes and never had a SINGLE person come talk to us. Unexcusable. We left. Went to Logans roadhouse, had an average meal, but I was livid with the HORRIBLE service I recieved.
4	This place has a strange name, but the pizza and beer selection was top notch.  We got the buffalo chicken pizza and was very impressed.The beer selection was great too.  Great selection of Rogue brews on tap.  Big place with a few TVs around the bar.
4	So I drove about 50 miles to eat here. I live in Gilbert now but lived in Florida for the past 4 years and had a mellow mushroom right by my house. I've been back in AZ for a few months and was very excited to hear there was a MM in town even though it was an hour away.The Good - Food. All of it. We brought family there for the first time and had lots of food. We had the parm & Garlic pretzels, Hummus, and meatball appetizers. All were awesome. Their hummus is probably my favorite. We also got 3 different pizzas and 2 salads and everyone was very happy.  Everything tasted just like I remembered from Florida.  Exactly what I was looking for!The not-so-good - The decor. Hands down. Whoever designed this room must have designed it for another restaraunt. All the previous MM I have been to have had a really cool "hippy type" charm and were really comfortable. the decor matched the menu design and the logo. This room is cold and very modern design trying very hard to be ultra-hip.  Not what I was expecting. Very disappointing.  The beer selection here is very good but rely's heavy on the Rogue and Four Peaks breweries. Previous MM I have been to had more of a variety from many many breweries with a much larger selection.Overall - I'll be back. The food is great and if I close my eyes I can pretend I'm sitting in a more comfortable room!
5	Love it!Not being a big pizza eater, I wondered what all the hype was (friends had been anticipating the opening for months).  I'm probably the opposite of your regular pizza lover who rates a pizza on the toppings...me?  I'm all about the crust and MM delivers.My fav is the egg and proscuitto.  It's not just for breakfast anymore.  We attended their initial tasting and everything we tried was a taste sensation.  My husband loves the steak salad, and my kids love the meatball appetizer and disco balls in the foyer.  The video talking head in one art piece is freaky...in a good way.I love microbrews which is a big plus here. The only downside is that it's hard to decide on which one to have but bartenders are more than willing to help you choose one, and they're open LATE so you have plenty of time to unwind.  Would be really cool to have a sampler like you can get at beer tastings.I'd be at the MM more frequently if it were closer to home but I hear there may be others with different 'themes' opening around the valley.
5	egg and prosciutto pizza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sooooooooooooooooo goooooooooooooooooood!! Worth the drive, worth the wait, worth 5+ stars! Yes the decor is not so good, so what! We also ordered a pepperoni, it was a good pizza, but it just couldn't compare to the oh my goodness amazing egg and prosciutto pizza. The service was great, friendly and accommodating! The bar tender was so nice and our waitress was too!
4	My wife and I first experienced the Mellow Mushroom pizza bakers in North Carolina, and were a little reluctant to visit their new operation in North Phoenix, however were pleasantly surprised with how consistently good their pizza pie is!The atmosphere at this Mellow Mushroom leaves a little to be desired, with unimaginative decor and no unique feel to it, unlike both establishments we visited in NC, which were crazy localized.  The severs we had at this MM were both knowledgeable of the menu and of their excellent craft beer selection.  They feature beer from Sonoran and Papago, which are local brewers, as well as Rogue, and a few others from the left coast.  They claim to have an excellent selection of local, craft brew, which I agree that they have a better selection than most, but where are the Nimbus, Oak Creek and Beaver St beer?  Include the state of Arizona in your draft beer selection, I won't be disappointed.Enough about appetizers, onto the pizza!  They have a great selection of toppings and some pretty creative specialty pizzas that are sure to please anybody who loves something different.  We frequently get the magical mystery tour and are never left hungry.  They dough is a little thick for my tastes, however, they sprinkle a little graded parmesan on the crust, making the entire slice devourable.Mellow Mushroom is definitely a chain restaurant, however they stand far above the other chain pizza restaurants in the valley, and they are definitely worth trying.  Believe you me, you will become hooked, and this place will be your primary pizza destination!
5	Allright, enough is enough... Just when I think this place can't get any better, it does. Jason, the GM just pulled the trigger. Not only is this the best place in town for pizza... Yes, including you pizzaria Blanco, but the 38 beers on tap continue to evolve and improve, the service is great, but they just bought the baseball package. You can come here and watch EVERY game of Americas pastime.Go Cubs!!! Go Mellow Mushroom
2	I am rating this place a 2 because I have had Mellow Mushroom in Savannah. If I hadn't experienced Savannah's I would possibly rate this location a 3...possibly. The Mellow Mushroom in Savannah is a unique dining experience where as the Mellow Mushroom in Phoenix was just basic eats at a regular ol' run-of-the-mill franchise restaurant. We had the gourmet white pizza, spinach artichoke dip and a Greek salad. If Applebee's served pizza this is how it would taste - very commercial. Nothing really stood out. Plus they put sun dried tomatoes on everything which just reminds me of the Broodwich.
2	Eh.   Not impressed. Heard some glowing reviews on this place and how great it was so was pretty excited to try it because who doesn't love pizza?!  My pizza was undercooked and dripping with olive oil (not in a good way!)   The only thing going for this place is the crust.... It's pretty good when the pizza is cooked thoroughly to enjoy it. Our server was very uninterested in actually being at work, and working in a boring chain place like this I could see why- no real character to the restaurant.  With so many great places to get a good pizza in the valley... skip the Mellow Mushroom.
3	The 3 meat pizza was excellent, the honey dipped pretzels would probably be better if I wasn't completely stuffed! And if you get and Arnold Palmer with the green tea its actually really good. And I'm not a green tea fan at all.Oh yea, free WIFI too!!!
5	I love this place! Being a beer lover, I was excited to hear that they carried close to 40 beers on tap. I knew I had to go check the place out, just due to that. We stopped by on a Saturday (and then again on Sunday) for beers & food.When I asked for a beer menu, the server told me that they pretty much no longer carry any of the crap domestics (Budweiser, Michelob, etc). +1!They have plenty of craft ales and lagers to choose from, so even a budwiper lover can find something good here. To the more seasoned beer veteran, there are a plethora of beers will statisfy your tastes. Everything from seasonal summer ales to stouts and everything else you can think of, from good breweries. They have a large selection of beers from Rogue, Stone, Abita, Left Hand, Four Peaks, Sonoran and many more. Nice to see them carrying the local stuff too.For starters, we've tried the chopped salad (sans pepperoni) and a parmesan garlic pretzels. Both were superb. The pretzels appear to be made out of pizza dough and they are oh so delish.For the main course, I've ordered up 2 different hoagies, both times with Tempeh.Vegetarians listen up! This place has you covered. They've got grilled Tempeh, jerk Tempeh, pesto Tempeh, BBQ Tempeh and Tofu as well.I've had the "tempeh hoagie" and the "jerk" hoagie with tempeh subbed in. Both were immensely enjoyed and quickly devoured. If you're a vegetarian that's missing a cheese-steak style meal, get your arse over to Mellow Mushroom and try out one of their tempeh hoagies.
4	Great Pizza and beer
2	i'm really frustrated. my last delivery order arrived with the wrong pretzels. i don't like salt on my pretzels. neither does g. my last dine in experience was (except our darling server) a disaster.we waited at least 15 minutes for a server, after requesting one twice. we waited another 15 minutes for drinks.our appetizers arrived before our drinks.we watched an appetizer sit on the pass for a looooong time. we were served the same cold appetizer, even after quizzing the manager-type expediter on how long they had been sitting there (we knew the answer). our (super awesome) server wasted no time correcting the situation. i really like the food at the mellow mushroom (when it is what i ordered and is served at an appropriate temperature). that's why i've ordered delivery, take out and dined in at least 10 times. i'm really not trying to be cranky,  but honestly, the food only gets mellow so far.
2	When you sit at the bar, you expect a friendly and talkative bartender. Not so much when we arrived at 5pm on a Monday. The bar was barely full, but when we sat down and our guy came over to us, we asked "How are you?" and he replied "Busy". OK. That is not how I like to be greeted, no matter if you are slammed or not. Needless to say, my husband and I were on a rare "date night" out after having a baby and couldn't wait to indulge in some pizza and beer. The selection of microbrews was fantastic, I must say. They even had a few selections from the Rouge brewery, which we had visited in Oregon a few years back and loved. I am in a fruity beer mood lately, so I went with the Papago Orange Blossom. Hubby went with a nutty brown Rouge (I forgot the name.) Along with the male bartender, there was also a female bartender behind the bar and she seemed a lot less frazzled than her male counterpart. As he whizzed around acting busy, she calmly rang in orders he needed into the register. She ended up taking our order since he seemed to not have one multi-tasking skill in his body. As we were ordering, I got a tweet from a friend who suggested we order the Parmesan Pretzel appetizer, so we ordered that along with the Philosopher's Pie.The pretzels came out as a big appetizer. 3 pretzels larger than my husband's fist with cups of marinara to dip them in. They were blah to me. It was basically the pizza dough made into a pretzel with a little olive oil and lots of Parmesan cheese. I could barely eat one and then realized I'd probably have no room left for my pizza. When the pizza came, it was hot and looked great. It had shaved steak, portobella mushroom slices, kalamata olives and white cheese. I picked off the mushrooms because I hate mushrooms, but loved the other ingredients. It was a good pizza. My husband enjoyed it, but he too was feeling incredibly bloated and full already. I wasn't impressed with the lack of personality of the bartenders. My husband and I choose to sit at the bar a lot when we go out because we like to have some conversations, discuss drinks and watch some sports. If the people behind the bar can't do that well, what is the point of putting them in that position? The only reason I will give this place another chance is because I love the selection of beers on tap and I'd like to try some other items on the menu. Plus, the restaurant is right across the way from Harkins, where we go for movies.
1	Oh boy where do I begin.First off, my Mom and I accidently entered through the bar, which got me really excited because there is a TON of beers on draft. Being a beer LOVER my mouth started watering in anticipation of having a nice tall glass. Once we finally made it up to the front, found our party, and were seated; I opened the menu only to find to my disappointment that draft beers are $6 a pint!!! REDICULOUS! My mother seems to think I've been stuck in Tempe and Phoenix for too long but I just think $6 for a beer, is INSANE! ...so I decided to protest by getting a Root beer.I have to say, I'm not the biggest fan of pizza in the first place, so I come in a little bias. But, my cousin Zach, who was with me, LOVES pizza. I had combed over the menu and mostly out of pure inability to make a decision (extreme lack of sleep and beer after a long day of work and a movie), decided to just go in on the pizza with everyone. Nothing else on the menu seemed to appetizing and there wasn't a whole lot of people eating there either; so there was little visual or smell stimulations. We ordered the white pizza, the hot potato (which scared me, too many starches), and the Hawaiian. The white was boring, as well as the Hawaiian and both had been battered with way too much olive oil before hitting the oven. The Hot potato, which I actually thought would be disgusting, was actually not so bad...with a little Tabasco. And because we had only seen our waiter when we got our drinks, made our order, got the pizza, and paid the bill- I had to go get the Tabasco from the waiters station myself. Finally it seems I am about to get home and sleep in a pizza (soon to be heartburn) coma, as we're getting the check but it took our waiter (for some reason) about 15 minutes to process it. There are other people in the mellow mushroom but none in our general vicinity. As we're waiting I'm watching the cooks in the back (they have an open kitchen-which is a cool idea); once, twice, three times I see 3 different cooks wipe their runny ass nose down their fore-arms, just stopping before it hits their hand or glove. YIKES! Next I see a bag of store-bought pitas sitting on the counter; which makes me happy I didn't get the humus. Lastly, as our waiter finally comes out with the check, the door to the kitchen swings open to reveal what appears to be two of the wait staff publically displaying their love.Perhaps if I was a teen looking to impress some just 21's or guys who like teens, I'd hang out there. Perhaps if I had a ton of cash and didn't care how I wasted it, I'd hang out there. Perhaps, if I (for some God-forsaken reason) lived in the north valley in my pre-20's I think it was cool to hang out at a place where my fellow Gauchos (GCC) worked. But I'm not and I don't. Trust me, I LOVE me some mushrooms and I consider myself somewhat mellow, but Mellow Mushroom does not have it goin on.
5	Best bar and happy hour in the north valley! Awesome happy hour! 36 beers on draft and another 40 plus in bottle/can. Meatballs and pizza are fantastic!!!!!
4	Pizzas are unique and delicious. Great beer selection. A few good appetizer selections too. Lacking in atmosphere but the food selections make up for it.
5	The last part of this review was from the first time I went and had a sandwich and soup (still a low three stars there). I am updating because I have gone since and had their pizza, which was amazing and certanly deserves five stars! I had the loaded baked potato pizza. It was one of the best pizzas I have ever had. The crust is so good! The toppings were high quality. Will surely go there for pizza again!This place was ok. Got the tempeh hoagie and tomato bisque. The sandwich had way too many strong flavors; marinade, vinaigrette, pesto, feta cheese and sprouts. It was a bit much, but I was still able to eat it. The tomato bisque was another story. I am certain it was pizza sauce with broth whisked in. It was so thick I could eat it with a fork! The waitstaff was great. The ambiance was cool and different. I may go back to try the pizza and pretzels and if I do I will update my review. As of now it sits on the low side of three stars. Quality ingredients but poor execution in my opinion.
1	I would attach a picture of the food that we ordered... except we never got it.We waited for an hour!!!!  We went in at 9 pm for a pizza.... ordered about 5 minutes in and then.... nothing.  We waited... an waited... and waited.  The waiter came over 30 minutes later and asked if there was anything he could get us.  "Sure, our food," was my reply.  He told us a few minutes.  He didn't offer an explanation or an apology which would have made a world of difference.  Another 30 minutes later (don't ask WHY we waited that long) we still had nothing.  Our waiter told us it would be another 2 minutes.  Five minutes later I explained that we were done waiting and were going to leave.  I told him that pizza takes about 15-20 minutes.  He said their pizza was better and required more prep time.... that is bull.  If it required THAT much time there would be a disclaimer on the menu saying so.Ended up going to In N Out..... will definitely NOT be returning to Mellow Mushroom.
3	After one happy hour visit, I can only give three starts. But I suspect that will improve during subsequent, and inevitable, return visits. I just can't say I'm a fan of anything after only one visit. Mellow Mushroom has an excellent beer selection, including several craft brews - including Orange Blossom, from Papago Brewing Co., and a couple of flavors from Four Peaks. I was really in the mood for chicken wings when I walked in the door, so finding out they were half off during their late-night happy hour was an awesome plus! Apparently, all appetizers are half off during happy hour too, which is great if you get the munchies while drinking.Lastly, this place is open until 2 a.m. every night. This is unique in the Happy Valley/Anthem area and very welcome during the hot summer nights!
5	So, I have commented before how I love the wings here. I had the thai wings last night. OMG. Re-COCK-ulously delicious. Bufallo wild wings just opened up across the parking lot so it cracked me up when I saw a bunch of their employees eating wings at the mushroom. Another winner.
4	After my last review I decided to wait a little while before going back. I must say that this time I was VERY pleasantly surprised with the service I received. I sat at the bar this time and the bartenders were very helpful. I am adventurous when it comes to beer, but have a hard time making decisions. The bartenders were able to select multiple beers for me to try. I also had the stuffed portabello mushroom which was amazing. All in all, It was a very good experience. I will be taking my new wife with me the next time I go in.
1	Awful service the hostess was very rude and the prices are ridiculous for the quality of food. I would rather go to Streets of New York or Buffalo Wild wings.
2	It was average at best.   I would much rather eat at Grimaldi's, nothing beats Grimaldi's.    I eat at the one at Park West off the 101 and Northern.    You'll thank me later.
4	after my last review, i received an email from the manager at mellow, offering a gift certificate for our disappointment. i accepted, figuring mellow is close to home and i should give them another chance. i do really like the food. and i'm happy to say that i'm taking mellow off my shit list. we've ordered take out twice and dined in once since my (very frustrated) two star review. i have to say, things are better. service has been friendly. our food has been hot and fresh and thankfully, the food has remained really, really good. our dine-in experience was especially impressive - it was friday night, it was b u s y and i went in with very low expectations. we were quoted a 30 minute wait time, and were seated in 18 minutes. things were off to a good start. our pretzels - garlic and parmesean - were a bit underdone, but it wasn't worth sending them back - we devoured them anyway. our pizza was absolute perfection. our server was darling. i'm not brave enough to try delivery again yet, but i assume i will be soon if mellow keeps this up. thanks for the improvement guys!
4	I would eat the tempeh everyday if I could. The food seems shinier than usual of late. This is the second visit that we've felt this way. Still, the food is very good. It's not as "local" as we like but we appreciate their use of wholesome foods.This is not casual gourmet. It's not a greasy dive. It's not chain. It's not local. Mellow Mushroom seems to me to create it's own niche. And for that we continue to return from time to time for a "fix".
4	OMG why have I never been to this place before.  I know this isn't very traditional pizza but I don't care it's damn good.  I had the Thai Pie which had curry chicken, cucumber, tomato, and onions.  I knew it was going to be daring to try this type of pizza for the first time but I was pleasantly surprised by the fresh ingredients of this pie.  While waiting on our pie I was checking out the beer menu and being a huge fan of Abita beer I was in heaven.  This place has every Abita beer even some on draft.  WOW WOW WOW can a pizza place get any better for me?  Why yes it can 3-6 M-F is happy hour and 10-2 M-F is reverse happy hour.  : ) The only reason I don't give this place a perfect 5 is the wings.  I know this is all personal preference I like fried wings not baked.  I know healthy means no fried food but come on I know that pizza I ate was not healthy so maybe a choice of baked or fried would be nice.  4.5/5 and a new favorite of mine hopefully more open around the valley.
4	Love this place, They have a great Happy Hour and pricing. sometimes, this is my friday night meal. One of thier only deficits, not quite enough variety in thier draft. Hey, they are not a micro brew so what do I want. They have some great and strange, but tasty, pizza's. Also a menu of other goodys.
5	I wrote a really long review for mellow mushroom once before but I'm not seeing it anymore for some reason so I'll state the quick pointers.1.  The pizza is awesome.  Yes, it takes longer than 10 minutes to cook a GOOD pizza... so sit tight.2.  The meatballs are amazing.... try them.3.  Their beer selection is by far the best selection in the North Valley HANDS DOWN.4.  The wait staff / management is super-friendly so don't be afraid to losen up and meet some new people while they are serving you.5.  Happy hour is 1/2 all alcohol and appetizers... need I say more?
5	wow! I can't believe some of the peoples reviews about MM. all you people who are complaing about it bring over priced need to really look at a menu online before you go out to eat.  if your smart enough to use this site your smart enough to find an online menu. and if its to expensive go eat somewhere else thats in your budget and stop ranking on a place that serves good fresh quality food. maybe its just that your to use to eating sandwiches from subway and pizza from dominoes and sucking back some cold keystones. I know that it's a free country buy please at least know wtf your talking about. oh ya and you who bitch about the service on weekends your the problem. if you really want to enjoy a night out here's some advice. try going out on a weekday. it's amateur night on weekends. if you were a diner you'd know this. all you people who scurry out at 7 on a fri or sat night and expect the world need to get real and understand that your creating the problem. do us all a favor and shut up and order take out and eat it in your doublewide. and that all I have to say about that.
3	Hubby & I were looking for a place to have dinner last night. We were around the Norterra shopping center so we drove around checking potential spots out. We came across Mellow Mushroom & decided to give it a shot.It's very bright inside with a modern, funky look. The booth we sat in had a pic of the Orpheum Theater next to it. We thought that was neat.Our server was a cool dude & literally named/described every beer on tap. I decided on a raspberry wheat & Hubs got some type of amber. We both were pleased. Too bad we missed happy hour prices though!For an app we ordered the pretzels, half salt & half garlic parm. They came with mustard & marinara sauce. They're pretty big so we would have been fine with just a half order but we took the leftovers home for a nice snack the next day. So good!!For our pizza we ordered the house special. While I thought it was pretty good, my hubby didn't. Said all the toppings were overkill.Our total came to about $45, not including tip. I guess not too bad for two 16 oz beers, a soda, an app & a medium pizza. While we overall enjoyed the meal we won't be in any hurry to come back.
5	This is my second review for Mellow Mushroom - All I can say is that I love this place! As you can see, I am here all the time! The beer selection is fantastic and they continue to bring in new and unique beers that you can't find any where else! The staff is by far the best in the north valley! The servers, bartendars,  and management - all get a Thumbs up! My suggestions for this place - 1. Sit at the bar and meet the locals, you will meet a lot of unique people!2. While at the bar, talk with the bartendars, they understand and know the beers on tap and can make great recommendations! Dont forget to join the beer club!!!3. The pizza is fantastic and made from scratch, it will take a little time to cook, be patient, its worth the wait. 4. Come for happy hour! The appetizers and beer are half off and amazing! Try the meatballs! One of my favorites!
4	First time here, and after so many rave reviews we decided it was definitely worth a go...Having heard so  much about the pretzels, they were definitely first on the list of things to try.  1/2 off for happy hour, I was pretty glad.  We got the garlic and parm type.  The boyfriend claimed delicious, I went with "eh". Mostly parm and very little garlic, they weren't my fave, but I think next time we will try the salt with mustard sauce and they might be more of a crowd pleaser.Really wish I could do an "and a half" star rating here (come on Yelp..you know we all want that ability, lol) because the ability to get a pizza split in half so you don't have to choose just one of their signature pies was definitely a plus and would warrant an extra half star point.  We got the small pizza and asked our server which she preferred between the two we had narrowed it down to, she told us what she thought, but followed it up with "if you like we can just make it a half & half?" YES!  Awesome, perfect for the indecisive, and very hard to find, as most places with more complex pizzas do not allow this.  We ended up getting a half Potato Pie and half Caesar pizza.  The boy loved the Potato, said it reminded him a bit of his favorite potatoes au gratin. And I was a fan of the Caesar.  It was a nice blend between ooey gooey hot pizza and cool crisp salad, and I'm into flavor and texture contrasts in my meals.  The crust was a lil difficult to cut with a knife, and these were definitely more of the "fork n knife" type pizzas, but I can't tell for sure if it was the crust itself or just a crappy knife?!We ordered dessert, Key Lime Pie was nice, just the right size... and I definitely think they used Ready Whip... Don't get me wrong.. this is a good thing.. love that shit..reminds me of being a lil kid.They have a nice variety of beer and Happy Hour puts 98% if them half off.The service was pretty good.  Pleasant and helpful, but not too pushy.  And considering we went for early happy hour and sat in the dining room (we were the only table our server had at the time) she still paid just the right amount of attention to us, which is great because frequently in other places under those circumstances one will get forgotten about half the time.Overall a nice place, dig the decor, super bright.  Food was good, haven't quite decided if it was crave-able yet though.  Will for sure give the place another go and see if I leave wanting more.
3	We came here out of curiosity because we couldn't tell what the place was and the name was kind of cool after we figured out it wasn't "mellow marshmellow". The place has a cool diner kind of feel and the logo looks like a mushroom that's high or on shrooms and it looked like they were known for their pizza. To our disappointment, there wasn't a whole lot of items with mushrooms on it, and wasn't until after our server told us there is a special mushroom pizza that isn't listed on the menu and it would also take about 30 minutes to prep. So we got the hummus appetizer which was pretty yummy and the special mushroom pizza that had i believe 5 types of mushrooms on it? It was really good, the crust especially, which tasted like honey wheat. We asked our server and he said it was the molasses they used on it. Definitely worth trying once, but I think there are other cool pizza places I would like to get around to trying too, so it's not really a place I'm dying to go back to. Really great service though! You should get the mushroom pizza if you go though
2	I've ordered to-go salted pretzels from them before, but tonight I got a surprise I didn't pay for. Usually the bartender on duty is rude to me because they don't like to go get your to-go order, but tonight the pretzel had discoloration, which after an explanation by email from the owner, was not anything to worry about (it was dirty oven residue that got transferred to the dough when they were forming the pretzel, but it looked like mold). I emailed the owner a picture of what I found and right away they responded. That was very respectful. The food prices are high but if you want a drink, and can put up with the grumpy bartender, it seems like an interesting place to go.
4	I honestly would go for all the different types of beer alone but it doesn't hurt that food is fantastic as well!!
5	mellow mushroom is hands down the best place for beer in the north(westish) valley. great craft beer selection (a ton of rogue varieties) on draft and even more in thebottle and can. happy hour or reverse happy hour  is the time to go, all alcohol is half off and all the appetizers are half off. grilled jerk wings, a capri salad paired with a tasty brew, you cant go wrong. oh ya the pizza combinations are awesome too.
4	It's a pretty chill atmosphere...great beer selections. However go when its happy hour.  Drunks and appetizers are half off.  Also. Try the white pizza..its delish
5	Awesome happy hour!! Reverse happy hr daily. 10 pm - 2 am. Tons of beers on tap, there is something for everyone
2	I wish I could say my experience eating in the restaurant was so much better, but it was not. We waited a very long time, more than 30 minutes, to get our BBQ chicken style pizza. I was very excited to try it, smelled good, looked great with lightly browned crust. But when we started to eat it, we discovered that the dough under the toppings was still raw. From my experience cooking pizza at home, it means the oven was too hot. We asked our waitress if this was done right, she said she didn't know because she wasn't eating the pizza. I showed her again, she offered to recook a new pizza but my husband remarked will it come out the same? Is this how your crust is? She said, once again she didn't know. I remarked that she, as a waitress, should know if this is how the crust is supposed to look-if this is how a new pizza would turn out we don't want to wait another 30 minutes to get another pizza with that same crust. Very rude employees here, they just don't give a hoot. I have only good things to say of the owner, but would recommend he retrain his employees in the art of customer service and the food that is on the menu.
5	So I went back for a 3rd time already.  This place absolutely rocks.  I could eat here and order something new everytime and leave happy every time.  (except the wings see earlier review)Today my buddy Cory and I went for lunch and ate the Creole Q pie which was on their new insert.  It was SOOOOOOOO yummy.  It had Creole BBQ shrimp with tabasco, cheese, and a butter garlic sauce.  They even give u extra sauce to drizzle over the top for more flavor.  I know for pizza traditionalists these pies may not be the type you are looking for but for more adventurous on their pies they have many great options.  Thanks again for another great lunch Mellow Mushroom
3	After a couple recent visits I can't help but notice that Mellow Mushroom just isn't the place it was when it first opened.  I remember enjoying full pints of St.Berardus Christmas Ale at happy hour prices as well as other "high gravity" options that were served in normal glasses.  Now they're in smaller glasses that look like a highball or rocks glass, but the price isn't smaller.   When I go in prime dining hours somehow 3 of us can rack up a tab exceeding $100 and it just seems a bit extreme for pizza 'n beers.  This isn't the Biltmore or Kierland.  It's a very middle class area and I'm not sure how the prices are a good match for folks who live nearby and dine here.But it's not just the prices I guess.  It seems like a lot of the servers are not happy and give attitude, and I'm a very polite person in public so I know it wasn't me. At the bar last winter I've chatted with a guy who knows a lot about beer but lately it seems the bartenders are just attractive females who don't really know craft beer, and the overall demographic in the bar isn't the same.  Call me an old fart, but I'd rather talk about West Coast beers than have all the eye candy.  Also they have all these wonderful beers but it seems like everyone around me was ordering Coors' Blue Moon.  Why can't those people just hang out at TGI Friday's?
4	They try to be a trendy hippie place... they fail. They are in a yuppie area... hippie just doesn't happen.  Not a big deal... it's pretty comfortable in there, but the decor is slightly wild.  I was sitting in the bar and I couldn't help but look at the wall where it looked like there was a hole in the wall and people were sticking their face thru... but it was just video.  It kinda creeped me out because from where I was at, it looked SO REAL. lolFood is cool... they have a 75 beer club... HUGE selection of beer.  Expensive beer, but very good beer.  You order a Coors here and it's probably blasphemy.So... I tried everything at my table. :)Italian hoagie - very tastyPo boy - dry but pretty good.Rollin heads salad - spicy tasty with bacon and a great dressing.
1	Obviously a glutton for punishment- been here 3 times and EVERY time our service is ATROCIOUS. The pie is amazing- but cold when it gets to us.And seriously... Management stands around texting?! EVERY time we have been there. I'll buy the pie to go next time if ever a next time.Happy Hours prices - STILL TOO EXPENSIVE (drinks are cheaper and more quantity at other places)Happy Hour food - Over priced, and not that great Pie- Awesome, you should try it for sure..... BUT YES VERY PRICEYjust too expensive of a place to continue going, when the service is sooo bad.
4	Great food, good service, low prices... this place is a win as far as i'm concerned. i need to keep working on the pizza to find a favorite, but in the meantime i'll keep coming back for that italian hoagie on wheat...
5	I've come here several times, and every time it's never a disappointment. The food is amazing, the service is great and the restaurant has some pretty cool decor. But, it's definitely not a "hippie" place, probably because it's in such a trendy area.Service is also pretty quick, although, almost everything I've ordered there has been one of their many unique pizzas. I did order one of their sandwiches once, and it was stuffed with so much, I had to take half of it home. Delicious!
1	I went here today with a my family that was in town....The service was VERY bad. It took a LONG LONG time to get the food and it was not busy at all. The food itself is overpriced and unfortunately not worth the money or the wait. This place needs to get its act together quick because it does not take close to one hour to prepare a sandwich!
2	Well I first gave this place 5 stars, now I've dropped it to 2!!! After our fifth visit, we can tell you service is below average, food is getting worse. Crunchy pretzels! Skimpy on toppings and sauce. Staff is not genuine. Never see a manager. I will think twice before coming back .
5	Ok so it's my 4th time and I had my 4th different pie and still I can't find one I don't think is amazing.  Today I had the Protein pie (not sure the name but something meaty).  It had pepperoni, ham, bacon, sausage, and cheese tons and tons of protein so that means it was healthy ; ).  Mellow Mushroom hit it out the park again and I can't wait to go back for another new pie.
5	I have an idea... If you want fast instant pizza, go to little ceasars... If you want your pizza to taste good go to M squared... "my pizza took long!?!?" waaaaahhhhhh
3	Service was good for us, unlike others who have commented.  They were pretty busy too.  I'm not a big pizza fan, so I had the meatball sandwich with a salad.  The sandwich was average, reasonably priced.  The salad was pretty good.  Other members in my party had pizza.  I tried it, very similar to Pizza Hut.  I thought it was a little expensive for an average pizza place, and not over the top food.Looks like they have some great $6 lunch specials.  I would return for those, but probably not dinner.Meatball SandSide SaladMed. 1 topping pizza2 drinkswith tip $36
5	awsome pizza, they are a little to proud of their booze though. They do have a good happy hour and reverse happy hour.
5	This place has excellent food and excellent beer.  If you are a craft beer lover like I am you will be pleasantly surprised, especially during happy hour.  They have at least 30 different craft beers on tap, including about 8 from Rogue.  They have several local brews as well, including Papago's Orange Blossom, and Sonoran's Inebriator.  During happy hour, most of the beers are half off.  You can get a pint for $3 and a 20 oz. for $3.50.  They have specialty pizzas and sandwiches.  There are some appetizers that are a little different than most other places.  The hummus is exquisite.  It's some of the best I have ever had, and during happy hour it's half off as well.  I just started going here maybe about 4 months ago, and I go a couple times a week.
1	Went here in May 2010.  Despite being busy service was good. The beer selection was fantastic including several solid IPA's.The food tasted fine.  We had the philosopher's pie pizza and a vegetarian one.What ruined the experience for us was literally being ill afterwards.
3	The pizza for me was just ok, Capri salad was great. I  would like to try the sandwich and a few of the apps. The pizza dough has molasses in it which is why its sweet. I think its ok but I dont think Ill be recomending it to anyone. We got the house special pizza which is a supreme pizza. When it came out it looked great but there was so much stuff on it everything just slide rigt off. The server we had was way nice and new everything on the menu. This place also has Papago brewing's Orange blossom beer. This stuff is so freakin good. Anyway This place is worth a try but this is not NY style Pizza so you know!
5	Follow up review- still awesome!!  amazing pizza and salad, amazing boutique beers - what else need be said!!!
4	Fantastic happy hour with a HUGE beer selection, amazing pizza, great salads and a fun atmosphere.
5	OMG, this place rocks!  Not only is the pizza fantastic, the staff is friendly and fun and the place itself is very entertaining.  Salads are good too, haven't tried anything else other than the pizza and salad because I love their pizza so much, I can't go int here and not get it ;o)
3	In a word, Uninspired.  Sorry to sound snotty, but it just was.  Better than delivery or DiGiorno, but not much else.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza was solid (had a tasty House Special) and the beer specials rock (local brews half off on weekends), but I would never chose this over local staples like Oregano's or Nello's for good pie and beer.  Maybe it was the service - competent, but sleepy (of course, everyone coulda just been hungover from last night).Maybe it was the decor - plain and unthemed.  The bar was really disappointing/plain after walking past the crazy 70's style neon light in the window.Maybe it was the theme - the advertising would suggest some kinda groovy, local-oriented hippy thing, but it feels like yet another short-lived, high-profit chain concept.  Nothing wrong with that, just wouldn't seek it out.Maybe it's the lack of the brick oven.  I think if you're gonna do thin crusted pizza, you gotta go for the wood-fired, brick oven.  It does so much better with the crust.  Think Grimaldi's.Overall, it's a solid pizza with good ingredients.  Prices aren't too high, but not too low either ($19-20 for a 14" that feeds 2-3).  I wouldn't make a special trip here or recommend to a friend unless they were like 10 minutes away.  In my local pizza hierarchy, I think it goes something like this: Pizzeria Bianco, Grimaldi's, Oregano's, Nello's, Sauce, (insert 5 or so Old Chicago-like places), and then Mellow Mushroom.
4	Yup...must go back!Really, there are so many things on the menu that sound outstanding I have to hold off my final review until I get a chance to try more stuff.  I have been to Mellow Mushroom 3 times now and loved everything about it each and every time.Great beer selection, awesome food, fantastic atmosphere.....love it.Hopefully I will get to go again soon.  Did I mention I love this place?
3	We've tried Mellow Mushroom a couple of times now hoping the food and service is better than our prior visits because we love how this place feels and their location.  They are conveniently located in front of one of the best movie theaters in northern Phoenix, Harkins at Norterra.  Oddly enough this Mellow Mushroom doesn't offer the "Dinner & Movie" promotion other MM's offer from their web site.  In fact we found very few promotions this location is offering compared to other MM's according to their web site.Again this place has a really cool vibe with some neat decor through out the restaurant. They have both indoor and out door seating and their bar has some TV's to catch a game while eating.  They have an awesome beer selection which is probably their best feature with out a doubt and probably the reason I keep coming back.Their pizza ~ they have a good variety of topping to choose from but you either like their crust or you don't. We unfortunately don't like it because it's more like bread and not crust.  It's too chewy and you have to eat it with a fork. We loved the toppings and beer. Our server could not remember our drinks and we had to ask someone else to get our bill... I tried their Mushroom Club on my last visit with chips and an iced tea. The fresh sprouts on top were more yellow and brown and not green at all. My server stated "we got a fresh shipment in today" and then walked off. After scrapping them off because they did not taste good I found my sandwich very cold in the center compared to the rest of the sandwich which was average temp for a club. So I ate around the center. My chips looked like they were scooped from the bottom of the bag if you know what I mean.  These were chips of chips... I had track down my server since she was more interest in carrying on conversations with the other, very young, servers hanging out around their desk in the middle of the restaurant. I showed her my "chips of chips" and she stated "that's how our chips are. Many people complain about them and I don't know why we serve them" and then off she went again... I asked another passing server to see a manager hoping to give them some good feedback concerning my experience but they never came by my table. I found the best time to go to MM is during their happy hour just before catching a movie when you can get half priced beer and apps. For if they did not have this promo I would probably never go back to this MM.  Because of this promo and their awesome beer selection I am giving them an A~OK rating.
5	Great pizza and awsome drink specials!! I dig the ceasar salad pizza
5	Awesome pizza.  It's a neat atmosphere, and one of the few restaurants that I don't feel to bad about taking my toddler into.  It took a while to get our order, but they were really busy when we went.  There were a line of people waiting outside the door.  We were also with a group.Since my initial review, I've been back to the Mellow Mushroom four times.  This place is definitely five stars.  The service has been very friendly and efficient, and the food just keeps getting better.  Initially I gave it four stars, because it took so long to get our order, but the past four visits have been much better in that area.  My husband and I dined in their bar area late one night, and it was a great experience.  The bartenders (Keith and Jenna) were fantastic.  I don't think you'd find better bartenders in Phoenix.  They were friendly, and made a great drink.  They also have a late night menu that is more appealing than your normal late night pub fare.
4	Beer seems very pricey, but they have a ton of different kinds on tap.  The food is absolutely excellent!  I love that they have baked wings.  The pizza my husband and I created (buffulo chicken, red sauce, and extra buffalo sauce) was awesome.  The crust is the best part, so if you're a person who usually skips that part, I highly recommend trying it!  It's got the perfect flavor with just a hint of sweetness to it.  It's really different from anything else I've had!
2	We were excited for this place to open until we ate there. It was truly nothing special. We ordered two pizzas (one was the "phiosophers pie") and neither one of them was very good. I hate to be negative but c'mon people, pizza is really not that hard to get right. Anyway, I won't be spraining any ankles running back to this place. Especially if I am paying $60 for two pizzas, two sodas and two beers.
4	Well I had pizza from this establishment the other day at my job. The nice people from Peak Data ordered pizza for everyone.....and I must say it was simply delicious. They ordered several different kinds....but my favorite was the veggie.....and the cheese pizzas. I mean the toppings were over the top....which is great.....and the Wheat crust....that's right a wheat crust....was simply delightful. I am going again tomorrow night to try the buffalo chicken.....or maybe the pesto chicken....or maybe the all mushroom pizza....LOL....haven't decided yet. However when I do I will update this review and give you the 411 on whichever one....two...or maybe even 3 pizzas i try. Eat, Drink, and be Merry, my Friends!!!!!
5	I am always excited when a new restaurant opens up in my neighborhood. I am a big fan and proponent of shopping local, especially in food establishments. I won't lie, when I first researched the Mellow Mushroom and found out that they were a franchise, I was a tad sad. Then I learned that each of the 110 restaurants are completely different from one another - no cookie cutter layouts here!  I had the pleasure to sit down with owners Jay and Diana, and was impressed with how they give back to our community. One of the first things you notice about each Mellow Mushroom location is the unique art on the walls. At the Happy Valley location I recognized shots of the local Phoenix scene and great art from local Phoenicians. As part of being in the Mellow Mushroom family, each location gives back a substantial amount of money to local artists to outfit each location with visual wonderfulness.I enjoy good wine, but when you go to the Mellow Mushroom, it is the beers that have top reign here. With more than 36 beers on tap, (Tempe has 48) it is very easy to pair the perfect beer to your pie. When you become a regular here and don't see your favorite libation on tap - just ask. If you are there often enough, they are more than happy to bring it in for you. I was stunned. Seriously? I could just name my poison and you will bring it in? Now that is what I call service! There is even a Beer Club that you can join if you want to taste all of their beers.My love for root beer started when I was very young and I would ask for one each time we went out for pizza (long before there was delivery). The Sonoran Root Beer is crafted locally and made from Sonoran Desert honey, plus it is mighty delicious. Next time I go in I have to try it with a scoop of Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. Yum!!I admit, I have eaten at the Mushroom quite a few times, and often enjoy their Happy Hour from 3-6pm and I have been known to come back for their Reverse Happy Hour from 10pm-2am. Seriously - can't go wrong with half priced appetizers and beers. The crowd is usually those coming in for a beer after work and meeting a buddy to relax a bit before going home.One of my favorite appetizers is definitely the Spinach & Artichoke Dip - tons of cheesy goodness with the right mix of spinach and artichoke hearts.  Often times, I split the Capri salad with its delicious mix of fresh mozzarella, vine-ripened tomatoes, basil, and the most orgasmic balsamic reduction that I have ever tasted. OMG - can I have a bottle of that reduction please!?!Meatballs. Seriously. I just need to say it again - Meatballs. These are freaking awesome! The sauce is sweet, just the way I like it, fresh basil, shaved Parmesan, and inside each meatball is a soft cheesy center = Heaven. Please make more because I am not sharing!I am not usually a fan of pretzels, but boy was I pleasantly surprised when I tasted theirs! You could taste the freshness and the softness when they came right out of the oven. The pretzel dough tasted like it had been mixed with honey - actually it's made with molasses and Georgia Spring Water. I was hooked! For all of the Vegan lovers out there, the dough is Vegan, but make sure to ask for it sans the Parmesan cheese. The same dough that made those awesome pretzels also creates the crust for their signatures pizzas. That is the only thing required from each franchise is that the dough is made in their flagship location in Atlanta, Georgia.On one of my adventures to the Mellow Mushroom, I had the help of eating my way through a few of the pizzas with @skinnyjeans aka @noshtopia. Read her review as she talks about all the great gluten-free and vegan items that are on their menu.The owners' son came up with a pizza that is unique to Arizona, but with the name of the establishment, I was quite surprised that not all of the franchises have it on their menus - the Fun Guy Pizza. This is by far my favorite pizza and it has five different types of mushrooms loaded on it: Shiitake, Crimini, Button, Portobello, and Oyster Mushrooms with lots of Mozzarella cheese and the sauce is a house-made Grilled Mushroom Vinaigrette. I'm in love. I seriously didn't want to share.I have tried all of these pizza too:    * Kosmic Karma: This pizza has a love of olive oil and pesto chicken, with tons of sun-dried tomatoes, spinach, Feta, and fresh tomatoes. Loved it!!    * House Special: Their signature pizza loaded with flavor and freshness with Pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, onions, green peppers, mushrooms, black olives, tomatoes, ham, bacon, and of course, extra cheese.    * Mighty Meaty: Stacked with Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, ground beef, ham, and baconRead the full review here: http://bit.ly/ijJJXh
4	I hate hippies but liked this place.  Surprisingly an awesome selection of beers.  Also a good happy hour with excellent app specials.  Skip Auntie Anne's and try these soft pretzels..  Did not make it to the pizzas yet, but will make like Batman and return.
4	What a fantastic happy hour!!Happy hour ends at 6pm and gets you half priced drinks and appetizers.I love that they have Wyder's Pear Cider, which is my favorite!  I also had the pretzels, which are pretty okay.  Our server was fantastic and quick.  He even got us in another round right before happy hour ended so that we didn't have to pay full price.I can't wait to go again!
3	We had a groupon for the Mellow Mushroom and I was eager to try it. I was skeptical because of all the mixed reviews but overall we had a good experience.We started by splitting a Caesar. The croutons were great. Definitely homemade. The dressing was great too, but unfortunately there wasn't enough of it. Very dry salad.The pizza is very good. Doesn't make it in my top 5 of pizza in the valley, but tasty nonetheless. We had the kosmic karma. Very good combination of ingredients, although the toppings are a little sparse. The crust is very good! I LOVE it when pizza crusts are kicked up. Otherwise I usually don't eat the crust. This crust is buttery, soft, and a little sweet. The beer... The good news is they have a wonderful beer selection with many seasonal specials. It was very hard to decide with all the tasty varieties. The bad news is how overpriced the beer is. My husband and I had 2 large beers a piece and our beer alone cost $28! Our food was less than that! They should consider selling pitchers. Its places like this that make me miss Uncle Sam's where you can get good pizza and $4 premium pitchers.The service was great. We sat in a booth in the bar and had 2 servers tag team our table. Both were super friendly and fast.Sigh. I really do like the pizza but I will think I will only order takeout and buy a six pack of seasonal brew and enjoy my beer and pizza at home.
4	Killer beer selection. Great personal service. Will come back. Ask for Jenny she knows her beer. Try the fun guys pizza.
1	soggy pizza and no wine selection? What kind of pizza place is this???
4	Excellent menu (both food and beverages). Unique pizza crust making this a great place to get good pizza that's out of the ordinary but very tasty. Great tasting beers as well.  Service was very friendly!
5	I've been here 4 times. The first time I got their egg pizza. At first I was like, what? This is going to be weird...but it wasn't. It was absolutely delicious. Breakfast on a pizza? Soo tasty! And their beer selection is impressive! I just went there tonight and got their tasty reasonably-priced steak salad. As I expected it was quite good. The decor, ambience, food, people...really a great place.But the real reason it gets 5 stars? Because of Tom, the manager. Our steak salads came out well done instead of our requested "rare." Not only did he sit and chat with us for about 5 minutes, he comped the salad and gave us a coupon for next time! We were super impressed. We didn't expect that at all nor even think it was necessary since we're not the complaining-type of patrons. But Tom showed us that he cared about his customers and wants us to come back again and again. And we will! Groovy.
3	I will update this later, when I have had more experiences here.For now: I have not tried their food, although I've heard from several sources, including yelp, that it is amazing. I did try a "Root Beer Float" which is basically Captain Morgan and cream mixed with some other things. Personally, it was a little strong for me, considering I'm not a fan of spiced rum, but it was still pretty good.They have a really extensive bar with a ton of draft beers. Also, a pretty interesting cocktail list...i.e. the bacon Martini... which I will probably NEVER have enough balls to try. The atmosphere is what really makes it for me. It seems like everyone is there to have a really good time. My friend that I went with seemed to know a lot of the people, which indicates to me that a lot of the same people tend to hang out there, which is cool. I really like intimate places like that. I also really love the late hours. Pizza is probably my favorite food in the entire world, so I know exactly where to go if I ever want to eat pizza super late.
4	Pizza's not bad (AZ just doesn't do it for me when it comes to pizza) but the beer selection is definitely the best in the area. Be sure to thank Jenna the bar manager for that and her awesome service. She is truly the best.Definitely a fun spot for any night out.
5	I've officially had the pizza now.I have to say that it is actually some of the BEST pizza I have ever had in my entire life. I actually woke up this morning craving it. The crust is super fantastic. I am really boring when it comes to pizza; this meaning that I either only eat plain cheese or I will get a pizza with one item on it. Someone once told me that getting plain cheese pizza is the best way to judge whether or not a place actually has good pizza. If you load it up with all that junk you can't taste whether the sauce is flavorful or the crust is good. I am here to say that Mellow Mushroom is the real deal. Their pizza is great even without all of the toppings.I have heard that the specialty pizzas are phenomenal, so despite my normal behavior, I will have to try at least a few of them.Mellow Mushroom, I will return for your tasty pies.
4	Great place to hang out and have dinner after work with friends. Wait staff is super friendly. Great drink selection. Pizzas are a decent size. Always have leftovers which I love the next day. Kosmic karma is my fave!
1	I didn't dine in the place but I did get delivery . For the most part I am not a fan of freaky weird pizzas and I prefer them traditionalism you might think different . We ordered two basic pizzas to share....and both of us didn't like the crust...weird tasting sweet wheat.... both of us didn't like the sauce....like ketchup . I note the cheese was actually good but this variation of pizza is not for pizza lovers
4	The pizza was good, but the wait is terrible. I waited for 20 min already and then they came out and said they dropped the pizza and would have to wait just another ten minutes. So after about forty minutes of waiting the pizza came out. They have a great variety to choose from. Their Yukon Potato pizza tastes just like a baked potato! Very yummy. Price is good, but service is lackluster. Food makes up for it.
1	I hate giving bad reviews but I have been three times now and hated it every time. The pizza has been soggy and the toppings fall off the crust. Crust is not good. Ordered salad w/ pine nuts on it and we got a whole two (2), yes we counted carefully...Great beer selection but otherwise meh! Other reviews seem okay so go and check it out, you might love it. Just putting in my vote.
3	Great beer selection.  But $5 for 12 oz cans/bottles, $6 for 16 oz drafts and $7 for 20 oz drafts seems a dollar too pricey across the board.House wine was only $5 a glass.We had a 10" house pizza.  Toppings were great, but I didn't care for the crust.  I'm not a traditionalist, mind you...I like corn meal in the crust.  But I didn't care for this crust for some reason.  The toppings, however, were really good.  $12.50 was, again, a little overpriced in my book.Also had a 1/2 sandwich and salad, $5.50 each.  Good portions on both for that price.Service was solid.  Very helpful and friendly.  When the wrong beer was brought out, no issue with bringing out the correct beer promptly and apologetically.I may come back at Happy Hour, as it seems like the prices would be a little more reasonable then.  I probably won't have the pizza again, but it looks like there are lots of other solid options on the menu.
2	I've been here 3 times for a group happy hour. The first time, it was excellent.  Had a great waiter who stayed on top of things and even came over to remind us about happy hour ending and to see if we wanted any more drink orders so he could get them in before the cut off.The second time, it was a bit worse.  We had a large group, and took up the entire patio.  However, there was only 1 waitress for about 40 of us.  She forgot orders, brought out wrong things, and had no idea who ordered which thing.  She overcharged me too many drinks that had already been paid for.But since they have decent food, and GREAT prices during happy hour, we decided to come a third time.Apparently the manager didn't appreciate our business because he immediately asked when we would be leaving.  He said that we take up the entire patio and no one else can sit out there because we take all the seats.  Mind you, every single person there is a customer.  Every single one of us ordered multiple drinks and plenty of food.  It's not like anyone was just sitting taking a seat, but not paying for anything.This manager was so rude, that my co-workers debated leaving right then.  We will definitely not come back again.  We also do a fund raiser with them and our school once or twice a year.  We are planning on canceling that.They have lost our business now, which is unfortunate.If you have a large group, go elsewhere.  If you are looking for cheap drinks, and there's only a few of you, this is an okay place.  The pretzels are cheap and okay, nothing special.My major compliment is that they have Wyder's Pear Cider, which is my favorite!
3	I have wanted to try this place ever since I saw the sign go up before they ever opened. But things kept getting in the way and preventing me from going, the finally I was given a groupon from my sister to try it out and I got really excited. Upon entering I was thinking, it's pretty cool inside, but where are all the TVs? I saw a couple on one end of the place, but we got seated at the other end, and I always thought this place would be kinda like a family friendly sports bar kinda place, but its just tables chairs and booths. I just shrugged it off, I was hungry anyway. I ordered a calzone while my wife ordered a buffalo chicken pizza. My calzone was really good but the pizza was just eh, there menu looks like it has a lot of good stuff but i guess it was just that pizza. We will definitely make another trip but now that we know it's probably not a good place to catch a game, we will wait until we're looking for more of a just dinner place.
4	I love, love, love the pizza here. They have great beer selections too. They have traditional flavors and new variations. They had one that was a variety of olives on top - wow - it was great. Only draw back is it's usually pretty noise and hard to have any real conversation over dinner.
4	happy hours are the best in town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I went back to this place after work to give this place another chance. I had the bruschetta and it was very yummy. Happy hour is pretty good here, but I am still upset about them not having wine! I also haven't tried their pizza since the first time so that is why I only gave it 4 stars. Also, service it good and they are very personable.
3	I recently went here for the first time after hearing lots of good reviews and reccommendations. I am pregnant, and unfortunately could not enjoy anything of of their fantastic beer list, however, I will be coming back for that. When I do come back though, it will be during happy hour as it is expensive for a beer! I tried a pepperoni calzone and buffalo chicken pizza. The calzone was pretty good but the pizza was not! I love the buffalo chick pizza at Oggi's and I just don't know if anything else can live up to that. However, their dough was fantastic and there were a lot of other pizzas on the menu that looked good so we plan on coming back.
4	Loved the spinach salad.  I'll have to find out what kind of dressing that was in it.  Yumm  The beer selection is the first thing that I would come back for.  We ordered the Gourmet White pizza which has:Olive Oil and Garlic base pizza with Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Provolone, Mozzarella, Feta, Roma Tomatoes and Onions.Yummy. Especially the crust, which is a wheat crust that compliments the pizza very well.  Nothing left on my plate!  Hope to try the meatier, yes, I made up that word, pizzas next time!
4	Rarely do I get my undies in a bunch over a pizza place, but the food here was amazing. I have never had pizza like this, and I am now a convert. Went in on a whim and thought it would be more of a take out place, but it is sit down. We ordered raspberry beers, which were delicious, and had appetizers, the wings, which were baked not friend, and stuffed portobello mushrooms, which were outstanding. Super fresh, lots of cheese, and served with a syruppy balsamic dressing. Outstanding. The wings were good, not great. We had mild buffalo sauce (which was waaaay too mild, I would order medium next time) and the Thai sauce wings, which were the best. They were meaty, which was good. The pizza: Heaven sent. They use molasses in their dough, and the dough reminds almost of a soft pretzel. Awesome. I had the friend egg and pancetta pizza, which blew my mind, and my fiance had a pizza with olives, artichoke hearts, and lots of cheese. Both pizzas blew my mind and all the ingredients were super fresh. I can see how some reviews don't like the pizza, it is an acquired taste. If you are looking for a traditional pie, don't go there. It is far from traditional. the food was fresh and the service was attentive. Our server was a really nice guy and was super chatty and helpful. the only thing I don't get is the decor. Like, city modern meets hippie dippy? It is weird. I have heard that the one in Tempe is very eclectic and hippie, which makes more sense. I am guessing they made it more clean, modern, and family friendly at this location, but still, it is confusing. Either way, great pizza, go!
4	My colleagues in our Phx office made the mistake of bringing me here for lunch which resulted in a major carb coma afternoon. They also made the mistake of telling me about the pretzels because I HAD to order those! Hey, they could have brought me to Chino Bandido if that idea hadn't been shot down by a germaphobe.Yes, the pretzels were amazing. I could have made an entire lunch out of the pretzels, and next time I just might. My favorite was the plain butter and salt. The pizzas weren't bad either. I forgot the names, but one was a pretty standard supreme and the other was Greek-inspired with chicken, olives, artichokes and tzatziki. They were both good, especially the thick, but crunchy crust. I love that there are a lot of non-tomato sauce options here. Now if only there was a Mellow Mushroom in California!
5	I have tried pizza all over town, but none of them compare to Mellow Mushroom's crust. It's tasty, crunchy yet soft on the inside, and healthier than the regular Joe's dough. So far I've tried Kosmic Karma, Melloteranian, White Pizza, Yukon's, and the House.... I haven't been disappointed yet! Also, the stuffed mushroom appetizer is to die for!
3	I guess I just don't get it. Every server I've had here was great, but I just don't really like the pizza. Streets of New York is better quality in my opinion. The crust doesn't have much flavor. It's utility pizza, which like mediocre chinese food is fine under certain circumstances, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. Also kind of pricey for what it is...the last time we came here we picked up three pizzas for a family party and the total was over $75.00.  I've tried a few of their funkier specialty pizzas and I didn't like any of them, so I'll stick to basic pepperoni if I go again. They do have a lot of draft beer options, which I appreciate, and it seems to be a great place for families with small kids. One time I saw a guy in a clown suit dining here. Random.
4	If you are looking for a basic pizza, this is not the place to go. They have an excellent crust, and they have gluten free options and also tofu "meat" toppings if you so desire. They also have different sauces (white, pesto, traditional) and different toppings (artichoke hearts, Portobello mushrooms, etc.)  The calzones are great also, and big enough to feed two.TIP: Order one of the "named" pizzas on the menu if you can find one that suits you. If you build your own custom pizza or calzone you may get a bit of sticker shock when they bring the bill.
4	Been coming here for a year and a half, came on opening night and was blown away by the beer selection and it has only gotten better.  They used to change the taps a little more often, but their selection never disappoints.  Service can be spotty, sitting at the bar is your best bet.  All the pies are great but beware of the price if you make your own.
5	Great friendly service every time we come here. Awesome pizza and "munchies" that have been delicious every time. Just blows my mind why this place never makes me wait for a table =) but then again I often go on Wednesdays.
5	One of the best happy hours!the look- Its kinda stark?, Im not sure if I want to use that but I will, when you walk in, seems dark. I always wander over to the bar and enjoy the open area and large windows.its always freezing in there bring a hoodie.Tender of the bar- not bad but not fun and talkative either, so depending on your mood, could make or break you visit. Lots of brews on tap to choose from including Rouge dead guy ale.Food- all of the food here is incredible, however the meatballs are out of this world ! dont leave without trying them.. don't you do it!! plus they are only 3 bucks on happy hour.break it down Jess- simply great, wish it was closer to home.
5	This place is a happy hour gem. First off, their staff is amazing. Marlena is very knowledge and always has good recommendations when it comes to their large selection of alcoholic beverages. Happy hour gets you half off drinks and appetizers. I'm there every Tuesday night! See you there!
2	Went to dinner last night with my wife prior to seeing a movie at the Harkins nearby. The restaurant wasn't too busy and it took a minute for host to arrive and seat us. Our server came over promptly and was attentive throughout the meal. Drinks were refilled timely and she was patient with us when we couldn't make up our mind on what to order. To start we shared an order of hot oven roasted wings. Best part of the meal. Good flavor, tender and nice to enjoy something that hasn't been deep fried. Moving onto the pizza....... Big swing and miss. I can see the appeal of happy hour, but the prices for their pizzas are quite high. We ordered a 10 inch Kosmic Karma. Red sauce, mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, feta, and Roma tomatoes. This would have been a little better as a white pizza, but to accompany a heavy coating of pesto on top, they put nasty red sauce. This red sauce is lacking flavor and the little that it does have leaves a bad aftertaste. The crust looked like it would be tasty but it too was quite bland. For a place serving specialty pizzas I was expecting it to be bursting with great flavor. A pizza from Hungry Howie's would have been better even though they are by no means the best kind of pizza. Go to Grimaldi's for that. As far as portion sizes a 10-inch pie was more than enough for my wife and I to share. Overall I had high expectations after reviews on yelp and recommendations from coworkers. I will not be going back for another shot at dinner but may take a shot at happy hour one of these days.
4	I enjoy Mellow Mushroom.  You may say that I am a regular.  They have a phenomenal beer list.  If you live in the North Valley, you should go.  Over 20 craft beers on draught, dozens of greet canned craft brews and the best damn rootbeer around (try it with jager).  Unique hand tossed pizza (including Magical Mystery Tour and Baked Potato Pizza).  Sandwiches are good, but just chips come with it.  Nice staff and great happy hour from 3p-6p and 10p-close (which are the best times to afford to drink the craft beers).
4	I love Mellow Mushroom's happy hour and usually make it in for reverse happy hour a few times a month. The beer list is awesome, similar to yard house and they feature local brews. You cant beat cheap drinks ($3 southern comfort on happy hour) and half off on appetizers. I recommend the gourmet white pizza (the crust is amazing) and the tortilla soup. I wish I could give the place 4 stars but the bar area is decently busy at night and if you sit at a booth the bartenders want you to come up to the bar to order rather than come to you. They also use hidden valley ranch instead of making their own.
2	I have mixed feelings on the Mellow Mushroom. The pretzels we tried were really good, the pizza however not so much. The crust was different, but the sauce and the cheese just felt wrong. Maybe I have been spoiled with good pizza lately, but this is not a place I would return to grab a pie.Their sandwiches and salads sound good, but even more appealing is the happy hour deals. Great beer list and half off? Enough of a pull to get me to return but I will stay away from the pizza on future visits.
2	I would like to start with 'I LOVE the food here'.  It is one of my absolute favorite lunch spots.  So why the two stars you ask??  Because 95% of the time our order is wrong.  When we are dining at the restaurant  it isn't that big of a deal, it is when we order to go that it is extra annoying.  The funny thing about it is that we always order a 'build your own sub'.  So it isn't like we are being super picky and changing orders around!!  It has gotten to the point where we won't order to go anymore and we are hesitant about going because it is pain to always send our orders back.  Such a shame too, because this place could be great!
3	Went with a big group of med students after they took boards. The staff was accommodating, if a little flaky when dividing up orders but the drink choices were good albeit pricey. The place was loud and busy for just opening up. I just tried the "House Special" pizza and it was good. Overall, no complaints to going back.
3	We came back here cause we were in the area and my girlfriend was craving a orange blossom beer. That beer is so good and its local. This time I ordered the steak sandwich. I was surprised it was very good. Beef was sliced really thin and it was on a great soft and crunchy roll. I will say it could have used a little more meat and less lettuce but the flavor was there. My girlfriend got the Hawaiian pizza. I'm not a fan of the crust here but the Hawaiian pizza actually goes well with the sweet crust they have here. The menu is pizza, sandwiches and salads. They need a few pasta dishes on here in my opinion.
4	The reason i can't give it a full 5 stars is the service is spotty. Sometimes its really great with really friendly, awesome servers & other times, its like ... Geez, what bit her in the butt?But the whole reason this place is so great is the Happy Hours are the best around. Half of appetizers & all the appetizers are incredible minus the wings.... (TRY THE ARTICHOKE DIP) yummmmmm.& the beer is all super cheap on draft. Love the papago wheat beer. Delicious. Expect good food, good beer, & fun with your friends, but don't base your experience off the waiters because youll probably be let down.
2	The pizza is alright but the time it takes to get your pizza borders on ridiculous.  I have been twice.  The first time was just after this place opened so I thought I would try them again... just as slow now as they were then.  With so many other pizza choices in the Valley, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.
1	Used to LOVE it - I'll never go back.  Management = NOT mellow...I used to go there at least once a week with my hubs- - ordered appetizers, entree, drinks...  We had a happy hour for work one Friday and it was pretty great so we opted to do it again. I called ahead and asked them if they could accomodate a table for about 30ish people. The past time we were there they put us on the patio so I requested it again - because I thought it was a better choice for them so we would be out of the way. It's also a very LOUD place - hard to talk to friends inside... The table was reserved without an issue.When I arrived, my co-workers were already seated and a few of them were pretty angry. I was told that they had an issue with management not wanting to seat us because we were taking up spaces that paying customers would want. Mind you, when I arrived, there it was 4:30 on a Friday, the parking lot was fairly empty. There was no waiting. I think that they mistook us for a large party that had been there a few weeks prior...no evidence of this...just really bad treatement.In order to ensure that they got enough "profit" from us I ordered two of ever appetizer for my table - shared tons of food -- it was fun. Everyone ordered drinks - seemed like we were actually turning into paying customers....hmmmm... I helped bus the tables and we all got out of there by 7pm.  The server really did her best -- the food was fine....I asked to speak to a manager but the guy who had caused the initial issue was off duty. I attributed it to having a bad day or something -- thought for sure we would get an apology.  The manager actually told me that it might be better if we planned our happy hours on a Tuesday or Wednesday.  ???One of my co-workers followed up with a management and they responded without any regret -- only suggested that we not take up their spaces for their customers...they actually stood by their argument that happy hour specials were a "gift" for their customers. I was wondering if they realized how much most of us used to go there.... "used to...".This has been such a bummer for me and my co-workers because we really enjoyed going there but I won't ever be a Mellow Mushroom customer again based on the treatement they gave us.   We also have had two fundraisers for our school at Mellow Mushroom. That won't be happening again. If you have plans on a relaxing and "mellow" happy hour with your friends - do NOT go to Mellow Mushroom!
5	Mellow Mushroom is our favorite community hang out and local pizza joint. Living in the NW Valley, it was hard for us to escape from chain restaurants. When Mellow Mushroom opened, we were excited to try the new name to our community. Although it is technically a franchise/chain, we had never heard of it (or anything like it!). After our first trip, we were hooked. Going there frequently on Fridays, the restaurant hosts a nice crowd with a mix of families, couples, hipsters, and seniors. I am happy to see the crowed is still there nightly, because we were worried that it might close (People in the NW Valley seem to hate anything that isn't a Chili's or TGI Fridays)Needless to say, we enjoy delving into a basket of wings, a buffalo chicken pizza, or my personal favorite, the Steak Salad. I highly recommend Mellow Mushroom to anyone who enjoys a nice variety of beer, a fun atmosphere, great customer service, and a different take on pizza-baking all-together.
4	Love this place!They have a BBQ pizza with bacon.  How can you go wrong with bacon?  It is super yummy!!The service is fast and friendly.  I would recommend this pizza place to anyone looking for something different with lots of flavor.
4	The Pizza is phenomenal.  I am all about the Funky Q Chicken and the Buffalo Chicken pizzas.It's strange to be here because in VA, Mellow Mushroom is part of the college scene.  This one is a more cut-and-dry, well-maintained, family-friendly version.It is really loud in the evenings (as they blast music at the bar), so try to be far away or if it's not too hot try to get outside, otherwise you're shouting to be heard.
3	Meh. I have been twice and I will condense my experience with what I have read (and agreed with). Happy Hour is the attraction. Otherwise you are paying around $8 for a draft beer. Seriously. In a fricking strip mall pizza place in frickin N Peoria. When the bar clears out immediatly after Happy Hour that tells you something is wrong. When they have GREAT draft selection but nobody is drinking draft beer that tells you something is wrong. Guess the locals knew something we didnt. Apps and beers are 1/2 off I guess during HH.Pizza was good. Better be for the price. But it was good and I dont mind paying for it if its good. I would go back for the pizza. Service sucked. Seems to be a constant theme on Yelp with this place. Good at the bar, crappy at the table. Our waitress never checked back so we ordered all our drinks thru the Bartender and got to-go boxes from him. We finally found her sitting at a table jamming a sandwhich down her gullet when we were ready for the tab. I dont think she even remembered she had a table. Pretty lame cuz it wasnt busy (remember everyone had left when HH was over). I would go again for HH because my friends like it, but theres nothing else up there. They better tighted sh*t up before the economy kicks in and other restaurants start opening up around them. Has potential.
4	Disclaimer - I'm from Philadelphia so West Coast Pizza is another animal. I had the 14" cheese pizza and meatball app. The pizza crust was good, but the sauce was way too tangy for me. The pie itself looked like a deep dish, but when you started eating it, you realize its actually a very thin crust. It was OK....the meatballs were good and served with long toothpicks..kinda odd, but it worked. I ordered TO GO and the servers were very friendly and accomodating to my request for a fork and knife since I was in a hotel.
1	I would give zero stars if I could. I have never felt so betrayed by a server or a bartender in all of my dining and drinking experiences. I'm not one to normally complain to a manager about anything. If the service sucks, I don't tip. If the food tastes bad, I blame it on the establishment- not the specific server. Tonight was different. A few friends and I stopped in to have a few drinks. We sat at the bar and our first round went swimmingly well. The next round, not so much. I ordered the 'shroom collins' and proceeded to watch the bartender finish what was left of the bottle of tanq. She then pulled out a bottle of well gin to add to the drink. I'm not against drinking well. At all. I'm a huge fan of well happy hours, not against it. But when I'm paying 9.50 for a cocktail, I expect the liquor that is specified on the menu. I received my beverage and asked the bartender if they ran out of tanq. She said no. that she added triple sec.  Because it was special, for me. Nowhere on the drink menu was triple sec mentioned for the aforementioned drink. I asked her again, and said are you sure? I thought I saw you finish that bottle and pull out another one. She said no. that it was all tanq. She then offered to remake it for me; I said no, that I'll see how it tastes. So I debated with my group if I should say anything or not. Everyone agreed that I should ask to see the bottle of gin and see if it looked anything like what I "thought" I saw. I asked the other bartender to see the bottle. As she walked over to the mini fridge to get the bottle, the other bartender stopped her and "explained the situation". The bartender came over and told me the name of the gin. What does the name mean when I asked to see the bottle? I asked again and they wouldn't show it to me. So we got the check, I told them I wasn't paying for it, and I didn't. I spoke to the manager about it who did nothing...im thinking it may have been a busboy or a high college kid from asu west, either way he said to ask for him next time and he would get me a free drink "or something". Not sure what that means... either way, I don't like being lied to. Again, I order and pay for quality drinks. If someone has to make amendments to that drink, that's fine. Just don't lie about it. I will not be going back.
1	Run While you can!!!!  I just left the Mellow Rude Mushroom and I am still upset.  I ate in and then ordered a pizza to go.  I was clearly ordering from the to-go menu that I picked up on way in.  I gave my cc to the server while I was still eating and waiting for  my to-go pizza. I get my BILL and its over $20.00 for a small pizza!!! R U SERIOUS!!!! The 1st pizza we order was not even good!! I'm from a small town in MI with many many Italian Authentic Pizza Palors, I lived in Italy.. I know my pizza, this compairs a frozen pizza. I called the manager over to say I would like cancel my ridicously expensive pizza. I told him that no place under the build your own section does it state that a small cheese pizza starts at 8.99!! Then you pay 1.59 per ingredient.  He was rude, raising his voice at me saying "you did not grab that menu today, i changed them on Tuesday" I said yes I did, I picked it up on the way in.. Blake (the GM-sad part of the story they let this guy run the place). He continue to tell me what I didnt do, so I became upset. DON'T tell me that I didnt pick it up.. yes I did!!! I went over by the kitchen to wait for my pizza so they didnt do any damage to it.  I sit there and wait and watch my pizza sit on top of the oven.  He comes over and asked if I need something, I say I'm waiting for my Pizzza.,  He comes back with the one on top of the oven thats been sitting there.( as all the servers stand in the corner doing nothing) I say now you charge me over $20.00 for an extra small pizza, then your rude to me telling what I did and did not do, now you let my to-go pizza just sit. Then he comes over and with a rude tone says, your just made cause I didnt give you anything.  I have been in the service industry for over 15 yrs and still currently am.  This is the Rudest GM I have ever met!!! RUDE RUDE RUDE... I paid 55.00 for a salad, and 2 small pizza.. thats insane!!! there are many other great places to eat in that area.  Save your money and time and the rude GM and go to PF Changs.  If YELP would allow me to put 0 stars I would..
4	Ok this place is pretty cool with it's take on drug culture and basically turning a places normal entree into a pizza.  I have had most of the pizza's but what surprised me the most was their beer selection on tap and in the bottle etc.  They serve Abita Springs Turbodog which is one of my favorite brown ales.  When you go here don't just get the hawaiian pizza try the Yukon Gold Hot Potato pie or something you can get a hawaiian anywhere these days.  the sandwiches are quite good as well.  It's a little pricey for drinks etc but they do run a nice happy hour 3-6pm I believe.  They have a bacon martini it's belvedere and a strip of applewood smoked bacon how could you not enjoy a chain like this?  I have always had good service here and it seems to me like it takes a little longer than most places if you order a pizza.  Don't get me wrong they go the extra mile with the ingredients etc. but you wait for it.  Also if everyone gets a 10 inch pizza most of them are around 11 bucks.  It's worth it but the pizza and a few beers and you are looking at 25 bucks plus.  So again I recommend the happy hour but anyone who loves pizza and beer should make a trip to any of their establishments.
1	I have some friends that love this place. I don't get it. For anyone from back East, this is not your traditional pizza.  Most of the pizzas that people rave about are the California take on pizza. Not a fan, but they do have more of the traditional pizzas also.  Those pizzas are ok. Nothing speical and I almost would say that several of the larger pizza delivery places can make a better pizza.As for the service... it's an ALL TIME LOW of bad service in Phoenix.  I can't think of a place I have eaten at the consistently gets your food out so slow.  Doesn't matter what you order or how busy or slow it is. You are going to get SLOW SERVICE.
5	All I ordered was a small pepperoni pizza and a soda, but I can't wait to eat here again.  If you don't like greasy pizza, and you're a light weight, this place isn't for you.   But, if you know what good pizza is supposed to look and taste like, and you appreciate service that keeps your drink full the whole time, stop by and order a pie.  Totally unexpected, but like the name suggests, when I left here, I was very happy and quite mellow.
5	I dream of Mellow Mushroom's pizza crust (and their pretzels). It is soooooooooo delicious. This place has a super cool atmosphere and great beers too! Definitely recommend this place to any pizza lover. The cosmic Karma is amazing!
4	Pretty cool establishment. I had dinner at the bar, which I highly recommend. The staff at the bar were very attentive. I had a couple of Maui Brewing Company coconut porters w/ dinner. I was pretty impressed they carried the brand, one of my favorites. For dinner I had the egg and pancetta pizza, which was pretty darn good. However, it could have used more pancetta and less crust. Next time in Phoenix, I'll be back for more.
3	The 3 stars are for their amazing beer selection and happy hour prices. They have my favorites on tap - Papago Orange Blossom (local, tastes like a creamsicle) and Rogue Hazelnut. The food is so - so. The pizza is tasty, but so greasy it leaves me feeling queasy afterwards and the rest of the menu is hit or miss. If you sit in the bar area, expect to have your eardrums blasted, too loud !
4	$5.99 lunch special!  Our experience was kinda weird, because Hubby's sandwich came out before our pretzel appetizers, which came out before my sandwich.  But, in her defense, our poor waitress was also the bartender and to-go gal and phone answerer.  She was running ragged, so I cannot fault her for the order in which we received our food.  My Italian sub was DELICIOUS, as was Hubby's meatball sub.  The pretzels, garlic parmesan, were not really pretzels; really pizza dough shaped into pretzels, but they tasted good with the marinara dipping sauce.  To her credit, our waitress kept our drinks full, and she processed our check/payment quickly (and she was chirpy and smiley, so good for her!).
2	Not a fan. All pizzas on the menu are very funky. I am not sure what the hype is about this place. Peperoni is not even on the menu! Lol. PIZZA IS WAY OVER PRICED. The server reminded me of Moby and was very odd. He wasn't friendly at all and called me a "whimp" for wanting cheese and pepperoni pizza.. Sorry, I  must be from another planet. I'm not going to go here again. Everything is overpriced. On a thursday afternoon this place was so loud I couldnt even hear my thoughts..
5	This is my FAVORITE pizza place! The potato pizza is so delicious, and I also love their garlic parmesan pretzels! This place has a great vibe and friendly staff! Highly recommended!
2	I went here on date night with my husband and was thoroughly disappointed. We wanted to give this place a shot, but it failed on all levels of our expectations. The food lacked real flavor, and was way over priced for the quality. I could get better pizza at the local chain pizza joint down the street. There were two good things about this place: good local draft beer, and friendly servers.
1	The waitress was very friendly and helpful.  However the food was not worth the price I thought I was eating at Peter Piper's with the quality that was served.  I ordered the HUGE portobello mushroom and received two small ones that were flattened  The only thing worth going back for was the beer on tap since they do not produce it.  I would say over all the best part was walking out the door.  The pricing on the menu was like a Scottsdale restaurant but without the atmosphere.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.
2	Not for us. The pizzas were OK and that's about it. Prices seemed extremely high ($45 for 2 small pizzas, garlic bread, and sodas). Noise level way too high even with small crowd. The wall and overhead have no sound deadening and I could not hold a normal level conversation with my table mate. We won't be back.
2	Pizza is not very good and the staff lets you sit for long periods with out help. I know a lot of people that like this place but if I am going to have a meal that is not the healthiest then at least I want it to taste pretty outrageous. Will not go here again!
4	Decent crust, unique toppings and fun sides made this a decent choice.I was at a house party with friends and we oped to get some pizza to go. We got there a bit early and the manager Blake was nice enough to give us a cookie to enjoy while we waited.We had a white pizza, which was great, but a bit greasy. The crust looks to be partially whole wheat is and very dough like, there was copious amounts of mozzarella  and goat cheese as well as hits of other cheeses. The super veggie pizza on paper sounded wacky with Tofu on it but in reality it was just a veggie pizza.If you happen to be up in this end of the world and want some gourmet chain pizza this might be a match for you.
5	You will love the pizza here, unless you're some sort of east coast pizza snob that thinks all pizza should be the same.  The toppings are very high quality, and the crust is awesome.  They have very creative and different styles of pizza, so you have to keep an open mind.  I'd highly recommend the Egg & Pancetta, Buffalo Chicken, or the Yukon Gold Hot Potato Pie pizzas.  While you're there, grab a pint of the Papago Breweries Orange Blossom Wheat Beer, you will not be disappointed!
1	Worst crust I've ever had.  Strange place.
1	Food Poisoning (Salmonella) is what we got!  My husband and I took our 4 kids here Friday night 11-25-11 Black Friday.  Ordered the all meat pizza.  Our 7 yr old didn't want it.  So he got the PBJ and apple off kids menu.  He never ate the pizza.  My husband and two daughters ate some of his apple.  My other son and I didn't.  Later that night my 7 yr old son complained of headache and stomach ache.  He started vomiting.  Next morning my 13 yr old daughter complained of same thing and vomited all over.  Then an hour later my husband started vomiting and terrible stomach pains and explosive diarrhea.  My 17 yr old daughter then got headache. She went on to a baseball game.  While there she vomited terribly in the bathroom all over the floor, toilet and herself.  Very humiliating.  The drive home was an hour and she was so sick. My 16 yr old son and I are the only ones not sick.  The apple is the only common denominator.  Fevers set in and back/neck pains.  I have never cleaned up so much vomit and crap in my life.  I called MM manager and told him. He was clueless.  He couldn't understand how an apple could do this.  Hello?  What do you use to cut the apple?  Where did you cut it?  Did you wash it before serving?  Did the cook wash his hands after touching raw meat before he cut the apple?  Figure it out!!! Before you get all your customers sick to death!   OMFG.   Mellow my ass!  This food poisoning was nothing like Mellow.  It was awful. We have been here 3 other times.  First time they burnt our pizzas.  The other two times were ok.   Pizza is not bad, but not my favorite.  Very disappointing. We won't be going back.  I'll find a better place to spend a $75.
4	Great place for pizza. Delicious. Didn't try the beer but they had a lot. Fun ambiance. They were super busy yet seated my party of 4 as soon as we walked in. No wait. Nice booth too. 40$ for 4 people to eat. Before tip. Great place.
1	I used to be a fan until tonight! I walk up to an empty table in the bar with a few empty glasses on it and stood by it to try to get some help. After about five minutes and at least three employees looking at me as they passed me by without as much as a hello I cleared the table myself and sat down. Then the same girl that had passed me by twice without saying a word told us that our table was to be sat by the host. When i told her i was leaving , she walked away smiling. It would have been nice if one of the many employees that passed me by would has asked me if I needed anything or advised me to speak to the host. I'll stick with buffalo wild wings from now on.
4	Pizza? Delicious. I am a huge fan of the crust. Same for the unconventional pizza toppings.Beer? Plentiful. $6 for a pint off happy hour is a little steep but I'll roll with it.Service? Average. I rarely make special ingredient requests, it's usually "can I have the spicy ranch/sauce on the side instead of on the pizza". Sometimes it comes out right, sometimes it doesn't, and sometimes the ingredient is both on the pizza and on the side. So, yeah, there is some disconnect between ordering and what comes out to you. I'll still eat the darn pizza, though.The environment is just right for a laid back outing with a few friends or your date. A couple of brews, good food, good tunes and good conversation, you should be set.
2	Bland, uninteresting and uninspiring calzones, and at $12-13 apiece, a poor value. I won't patronize this place again - subsidizing mediocrity merely perpetuates it.
4	We've been to the Mellow Mushroom in Tempe a few times now and really enjoyed it.  Tonight my wife was really craving something and some how stumbled on this one on our side of town.  She was sold, she had to have it tonight.  The Pizza at Mellow Mushroom is always fantastic, and this one was no exception.  We had the Thai Pizza.  It has some curried chicken, cucumbers, basil, tomato, some onion and a sweet chili sauce.  It was fantastic.  It was sweet and savory and a little spicey and just all around yummy.  The crust on the pizzas here are always great.  They aren't the super crunchy crust like at  New York style pizza.  They are a little soft, a little chewy and a little crunchy.  All the goodness is there.  We've had several of the Pizza from here and they are always awesome.We also got a Steak House Salad to split with the pizza and again, it was great.  We substituted some Parmesan cheese for the Blue cheese (I just don't like it) and it was superb.  It was your typical salad with mixed greens and the usual chopped veggies.  But they also added in some corn "salsa" and some avocados.  The steak was cooked perfectly and was super tender and delicious.     The beer selection here is also great.  They have a bunch of local brews (some are seasonal and some are always there).  Our waiter was pretty knowledgeable about the beers (although we've had some that aren't always so knowledgeable) and brought us out a few samples of the ones we were interested in.The only real reason that I'm not giving this place the 5 stars that it may deserve is the price.  It is a little pricey.  The beers are 6 bucks a pint, the small pizza we got was $12 and the salad was about the same.  So all in all, for the two of us to have a slice of pizza (with 2 left over) and some yummy salad was $50.  If you are willing to spend a couple extra bucks for something fantastic this place is definitely worth it.
5	This is my all time favorite pizza place. Their buffalo chicken pizza is the best. Great service and their selection of local beers is awesome. They have a good happy hour as well. I recommend this place to anyone.
5	I really like this place alot. their pizza's are really different but really good! I wish i could say i had a favorite but ive liked every pizza ive gotten except the portabello mushrooms cause i dont like mushrooms but other than that they have an amazing beer selection! Major thumbs up!!
3	I must admit I frequent this place mostly for the Happy Hour specials. Half of Apps and Booze from 3-6 and 10pm to close. Most week days it pretty easy to find a spot to sit or a place at the bar, but come Friday and Saturday this place it full to the gills so get there early! Meatballs and Cheese bread make for a good snack, the pretzels are quick pick too. As far as pizzas are concerned, I usually stick with the Buffalo Chicken or a House Special. Service has been spotty in the past but things have gotten a lot better in the recent months. Large beer selection and full service bar, good for a few during happy hour and great place to bring your friends.
3	Stuffed mushroom on appetizer menu Delicious very large beer menu.
1	When I see a China Mist Iced Tea container I usually feel I'm in good hands.  I don't know if they just use the container and are using a cheaper brand of tea or it's just not strong enough but the Iced Tea was MEH.  I am picky about my tea! Pizza is near and dear to my heart and when I found out I had celiac disease and could no longer eat main stream pizza it just about killed me!  I have embraced the gluten free lifestyle during the past year and have been on a journey for excellent gf pizza.  I found it at Picazzo's and pay a very good price for it.  When I saw the $18.50 price tag for the "House Special" gf pizza at Mellow Mushroom I thought:  Cool.  Pricey but should be an excellent za.Here is the explanation of ingredients:  Red sauce base, Mozzarella, Pepperoni, Sausage, Ground Beef, Onions, Green Peppers, Mushrooms, Black Olives, Tomatoes, Ham, Bacon, and extra cheese.  Wow!  Sounds great right?  Okay, first off I am not a ground beef on za kind of girl.  So I asked not to have any. All the GF pizza is on a 12" crust.  Pretty standard.  I asked and the server said that corporate makes their flour and sends it to them to make in house.  Okay.The crust includes bean, rice and tapioca flours as well as many other things.  I have had gf pizza's many places and I have to say that this crust was the worst I've ever had.  Including those made with mixes from the store.  It was nasty.  Soggy cardboard about sums it up.  I finally gave up and just scraped the toppings off to eat those it was so nasty.The toppings themselves were okay.  The meats were forgettable but the veggies were pretty good.  I think I've decided I prefer yellow and red peppers over green and I really prefer those and my onions caramelized vs. fresh. The other thing is that their tomato sauce was extremely bland.  Tasted like mediocre tomatoes which were just pureed with no spices whatsoever. Come on, it's almost a $20 little pie.  It needs to taste like it.My husband had the regular House Specialty pizza and he was equally unimpressed. I won't be back!  I know where I can get my $20 excellent pie and this IS NOT it!
2	We stopped at Mellow Mushroom this afternoon for late lunch/early dinner. The experience was overall very frustrating. The food was 3 stars, but the service was a one star. We waited about 10minutes to order, no big deal. Boyfriend created his own sandwich. I wanted pizza -- They let me know that they offer vegan options for pizza. Our server told me if I order the Mega Veggie pizza, they would just make it vegan for no extra cost (no butter on crust, no egg, sub daiya cheese for regular and add tofu). Awesome, right?We waited for FORTY FIVE minutes for our food -- and we were one of six tables out of at least 30 available. They were slow, yet our server never came by to apologize for the wait or let us know it'd be coming out any minute. We finally got our food. Boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich -- my pizza was pretty good. I loved that they use Daiya cheese and not some soy crap. We get our check -- his sandwich was $13 (french bread, avocado, salami, pesto mayo, caramelized onions, spring mix) - a little on the pricy side. He enjoyed it, but definitely said it wasn't worth the price.My 14" pizza was $19.50 + $3.99 for cheese. They added $4 for my 'vegan' cheese which I did not ask for (had I known, I would've just gotten veggies). I asked our server why this was... she gave me some attitude about how she's new and made a mistake. Didn't apologize -- didn't offer to take it off -- she even mentioned her manager knew she told me the wrong price. Her manager was aware and didn't come by. WHY NOT ASK ME IF I WANT TO PAY AN EXTRA $4 BEFORE PLACING THE ORDER WITH THE KITCHEN? No apologies, no discount and attitude on top of it. Super lame. That was not a $25 pizza. Food was okay, definitely not coming back and not recommending this to anyone.
3	Met friends here for dinner tonight for my first visit. Overall it was fairly enjoyable. The pizza was tasty, the cheesy bread was yum and the drinks were kept full. We had the Gourmet White and the Funky Q Chicken. Both were tasty but not better than anything else I've had. Our server was ok. He wasn't friendly, but he wasn't distant either. He was just kind of there. The restaurant is pretty open and bright which is nice. All that having been said...Mellow Mushroom is PRICEY. We had 2 pizzas, cheesy bread and fountain drinks and the bill came to $70. I don't get sticker shock often, but that one surprised me and honestly, it wasn't worth $70. I've had better pizza at Picasso's without the sticker shock. Mellow Mushroom was ok. I'd go back but I'd say begrudgingly at best. It's a long way to drive for me to spend $70 on pizza.
4	My wife and I went here recently for lunch and pretty much agree with most of the comments already posted - pizza was excellent, yet pricey - great selection of beers, yet pricey also - ordered jerk chix wings - excellent! Service was good, no problems there. Overall, my suggestion would be even though they do have 4.99 lunch specials - I would head over for cheap apps and drinks during happy hour or reverse happy hour after 10. We will be back, just probably not with the family - that bill might break us!
4	We ate @ Mellow Mushroom for the first time last week.   We ordered the Magic Mystery Pizza.  It was excellent.  Being vegetarian, it's not often that we find that many choices, it was hard to choose!   Our waiter, Jody, was very helpful and took very good care of us.  We will definitely be going back soon.
2	I have been frequenting Mellow since its opening, but recently have notified a drastic decrease in the quality of most food items on the menu. I do not mind paying a premium price for premium quality food, which is what I used to get at Mellow, but now I'm paying top dollar for mediocre food and mediocre portions, we used to order the $7 Capri (tomato,mozzarella,basil) and struggle to finish it. Now, it's a joke! They use extremely small tomatoes, quarter size pieces of mozzarella, but still charge $7. The pizza is now hit or miss, when it's on it's still one of the best, but last week we had to send it back twice, once it arrived raw and then was returned burnt. I'm not to the point of swearing them off, but for the price my patience is thin. Get your act together Mellow!
4	great bartender
4	Mellow Mushroom is a great place to go for happy hour drinks. They have reverse happy hour every night. Half off all drinks starting at 10pm! The bartenders and service is great, plus the food is yummy as well. It's a great place to get "super mellow."
4	I went here with some work friends and was surprised at the nice atmosphere of the place. We sat outside, and I brought my 7 year old with me. The soft pretzel was delicious, the service was great, and the crowd was cool. It's a little too 'chainey' for me, but I would definitely go back if I lived in the area.
5	Amazing, unique, tasty pizzas and awesome happy hour (half 0ff drinks and appetizers)
5	Come to California dammit! The pizza is AWESOME!!!!! We ordered the Gourmet White Pizza, holy mother of pizza's! It was fresh, hot and tasty! Don't dare me..I'll eat the whole thing, I swear! lolThe bar scene is also cool, they have tons of beer selections, TONS!You have to try this place...I also heard they have great happy hour.
4	Glad that we found a place with an atmosphere reminiscent of our Blind Onion at home. MM has an excellent beer selection, which is great for self proclaimed beer snobs like my BF and  I. For the life of me, I cannot figure out how someone would drink a Girl's Light when there are so many more fantastic tasty beers available! But I digress....So far the only pizza we tried has been the buffalo chicken. I didn't expect it to be good, but it was! Fresh ingredients are clearly obvious. The only draw back is that it is a bit on the pricey side, but I am definitly up to try more of their menu.
5	Best pizza I've had in a long time! We will def be back!!
5	Went here for lunch after riding dirt bikes in the desert. We have had Mellow Mushroom in Georgia and Florida, but this one was top notch.  Very clean, staff very friendly , and food OMG to die for. The garlic cheese bread is fantastic, and the calzones are my favorite.
2	I was so excited to come to Mellow Mushroom as it was a place I frequented when I lived in Atlanta.  Needless to say, it is close but not the same as the ATL.  We tried this location on two separate occasions.  My favorite item is the parmesan pretzels, but they are way to greasy here.  The food is a little pricey for what you get.  Also, the last time we were here, at the end of dinner, I sucked up a dirty straw wrapper in my water.  Needless to say, I won't be back any time soon.
3	Had a decent lunch at Mellow Mushroom. Built-to-order chicken sandwich. Didn't come as ordered (they forgot the kalamata olives and side of spicy mustard). Food was kinda bland without these items. Waitress was not not attentive and didn't stay around long enough to be able to report the issues. My wife had the Caesar pizza and I had a slice of that. It was very tasty. Overall, I would probably try the place again, but wasn't overly impressed for a first visit.
4	Happy hour is the best in my area. Plenty of beers on tap to choose from. I don't love the pizza but the wings are the best! Try the Jerk chicken wings or the Sweet Chili wings.
2	Just a quick review  - first time visitor today at lunch.  Service was horrible - took forever.  Appetizer of Bruschetta (which the server pronounced Brewshetta) was tasteless - toast was 'toast' actually - hard as a rock... bout broke a tooth.The pizza (Mellowterranian) was good but not spectacular.  Again - took an act of a higher being to get our food out.Don't know if there will be a next time -
5	I've only been here only once so my review might not be as accurate as it could be.The mellow mushroom is a very delicious sandwhich/pizza place. When I went, I had the Avacado sandwhich on french and the italian sandwhich on pita. Both were delicious. I believe the pricing for sandwhiches is around 6 dollars for a half sandwhich and 10 for a whole sandwhich. The servings and quality are tops. I would go here for a nicer, casual lunch.The menu also seems friendly for vegetarian as I noticed a lot of non-meat sandwhiches.
4	Been here a few times and have had good experiences each time. Happy hour is the best in the north valley. Craft beers galor on tap. Food is excellent as well.
4	I went to their new location at Phoenix North on Deer Valley between Tatum and 56th Street. I had the Shittake Pizza which was superb. Highly recommended. Chewy crust with lots of mushrooms. A few negative aspects - the music was way too loud and it was difficult to converse with the wife. Now that I'm thinking, maybe that's a positive feature. We sat on the patio and the misters weren't on so it became quite unpleasant. The manager turned on the mister upon my request. In my opinion, $19 plus tax and gratuity for 6 slices of pizza is on the high side. But, as far as quality of the pizza, it's almost as good as Humble Pie's pizza.
3	This review is a tough one to write.  I like the Mellow Mushroom overall but there are just some flawed pieces that I can't avoid.  The food is good, not great.  I have had a variety of food here from sandwiches to the veggie pizza.  I like everything I have eaten fairly well.  It comes in a reasonable time. Then there is the bad.  The food is good but for what you pay it should be more than good.  This isn't filet mignon we are talking about.  This is salads, sandwiches, and specialty pizza.  Most of this stuff I can make at home and when I go to a restaurant if I am going to eat something that I can make at home, it better be pretty darn skippy.  If I wanted to get a really good sandwich at a good price I would go across the street and get something from Jersey Mike's.   For this price it needs to be great.  So I just can't justify going here anymore.
5	So we have been here probably 50-70 times, and this is the first time I am reviewing Mellow!!  I love this place. I believe that Mellow has the best beer selection in town with both rotating local and national micro brews. And of course the happy hour is half off all of the beer and other alcohol selection. So basically you can get a large 20oz beer for $3.50!The pizza is also amazing. My personal favorite is the Thai dye pizza which has sweet chili sauce and chicken Curry. Sounds crazy but it is super good! I've also had the meat pizza, buffalo chicken pizza and they were all good. Also during happy hour all of the appetizers are half off and all are great!  You can't beat it!
3	Food is good, not great. A quick place to stop in for a bite after a movie. Service, the few times I have been there, have been "ok" - but nothing exceptional. I have to ask for my refill, they did not ask me. I had higher hopes for this place - so sad they don't live up to them.
4	This was my third time here and I have to say I love their pies and apps! Plus, if you visit during happy hour (I think it was listed M-F 3-6 & 10-close) you get get 1/2 price appetizers and 1/2 price beer! They have a TON of specialty beers on tap and a large selection of craft bottles too. Love that they carry so many local offerings including Prescott... I am all for supporting local businesses. Last visit we had one of their desserts, (I think the cookie sundae) which was okay, but obviously not very memorable. Pies are such unique combinations and I appreciated that our server asked if we wanted anything kept off our pizzas to accommodate our tastes. Pretty quick food arrival and attentive servers. Bar area appeared to have a great after-work atmosphere from where we were sitting. We will be back again!
1	Let me start by saying the pizza is fantastic - seems to have honey or agave glaze crust with a slight sweetness to balance the crispy crust - Yum!  We had the Thai Dye and Red Skin Potato Pie.  However, the Thai Dye seemed more of a mix between Thai flavors and Indian, with the curry chicken.  Not a big fan of potato pizza, but this was very good.  That said, we had a Caesar salad and chef salad to start.  Both tasted "homemade" - not in a good way - and we literally had 2 croutons on the large Caesar.  However, the service was atrocious.  We had to flag down our waitress to refill our drinks (we only wanted one refill - not asking for constant service) and again to get a box for leftovers (which she just placed on the table and then walked away).  We also had to ask (again) for the check and she replied "Do you have a Groupon" - ah, the light bulb.  Not sure why she thought we had a Groupon, but should that matter?  Being a former server, I tend to tip more, but definitely not last night.  The waitress was not busy, just decided we were not worth her effort, I suppose.    Atmosphere - the restaurant was very loud - acoustics are poor.  And, my personal favorite - the party sitting next to us had a Yorkie in the 4th chair.  The dog behaved better than the women sitting with her - they kept fussing over the dog, who just wanted to sleep. But, since the Yorkie was wearing a dress and sitting in a Juicy knockoff bag, hard to believe it was a service animal.  I like dogs, but really not appropriate in a restaurant dining room and seems like the dog should have been discreetly out of sight, not sitting in a chair pulled up right next its owner.So we might get carryout from now on - pizza only - but unlikely.
1	I ordered a large pizza with extra sauce. I got home and the pizza had almost no sauce, which is very annoying. The bartender offered me an iced tea while I waited and she was very attractive. The pizza took 30 minutes and it was all crust too. Do not see the value at all, even with the 50% off groupon that I used. I would go there for a drink at the bar next time.
2	Weekend lunch with friends.Takes a while to make the food.Pricey.*Avoid the calzone*Worst calzone ever.
4	The Mighty Meaty is packed, but I love the Philosophers Pie with steak, olives & fetta cheese! Good service and clean.
4	Probably not the best pizza I've ever had, but definitely in the top 5!  Had the groupon deal of 50% off, so that made it even a better experience.  Not exactly the atmosphere for a "date night", but the quality of bread/sauce/toppings is fantastic.  If you like specialty beer and pizza, there is no reason not to try this place.  Will be returning for sure!
3	First visit...Had lunch here today - used my Groupon.  We ordered the Bruschetta, Pretzels and Steak & Cheese Calzone.-We both thought there was WAY too much Balsamic used.  Also, we expected mozzarella cheese - not Feta.-We tried the butter and salt pretzel & cinnamon sugar with honey pretzel.  They were okay. They should have kept the honey on the side like they did for the mustard.-The calzone was good. We liked the dough and it was fairly well filled/stuffed.Overall, we thought it was average as far as the food is concerned - and a little pricey for quality and portions.We have another Groupon to use so maybe we'll try a pizza for the next one.
4	Excellent selection of draught beers, the personal pizza is incredible value, their other pizzas are also awesome. Relaxing atmosphere.
5	We won a gift card to this place and had never heard of it. Then we were Icky enough to find a Groupon as well! So we decided to head out and check it out and leave the kids with grandma. We went at lunch time and the place was pretty empty.  We were seated in a comfy booth and began looking over the menu. The place had a really nice bar with a lot of interesting beer selections, but we weren't drinking on this particular day, so we passed. We decided to get some appetizers since they were half off for happy hour. I got the Capri (tomatoes, basil, mozzarella and balsamic glaze) and it was wonderful! My husband got the pretzels, which were also really good. We got one of each and liked the Parmesan ones best. For entrees we ordered the Holy Shiitake pizza with like 3 kinds of different mushrooms and a Mushroom Club. Both were amazing! The pizza crust is made with molasses and has a really original taste to it. It has some chew to it and a nice crisp exterior. The pizza was decent in size and the price runs about the same as California Pizza Kitchen or most other gourmet pizza places. The pizza was VERY good though. The Club was also really good! It had a lot of meat and the combination of all the ingredients was perfect. Nothing was overpowering and the bread was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. Our overall experience was really good! We are looking forward to going back to this place, though we will probably go to the Tempe location as it is closer to our house. Mellow Mushroom is a great place for a unique twist on pizza and the prices are pretty reasonable as well.
4	Went for cocktails Saturday night. They have a nice late night crowd with a reverse happy hour. I was impressed with the friendly bartenders. They Kept a tight watch on under age drinking. This place is well managed . I will be back!
4	This place has been consistently good.The pizza is very good (Better than most places) and I am a fan of the FunkyQ Chicken Pizza. They have quite a few Vegetarian pizzas (which appeases my wife) and their build your own sandwich option is a good value for fresh food.It can sometimes be a bit busy and loud, however the service has always been quite good and attentive.The food can take some time to come out, but it is worth it. I would not come here for lunch unless I had a long break from work.We usually go on a mid-week night as Friday/Saturday can get busy and there usually is a wait.
4	Returned for a 2nd visit. I had the wings and a steak calzone. Everything was very good.
5	I can't get enough of this place! The pizza is awesome, the calzones are awesome and the sandwiches are awesome.Service is generally on top of everything, and the prices are perfect for what you get.
3	If this was a review simply for the food I would give this place five stars. I LOVE Mellow Mushroom pizza. The crust is simply amazing and their pizza choices are amazing. Red Skin Potato Pie? YUM! The sandwiches and appetizers here are really great too. If this was a review simply for the delivery I would say four stars with one star off for not offering any drinks for delivery. Pizza's just not meant to go with water and we don't keep any soda at home. Although we did one time luck out with a guy who was kind enough to send two cola's over in plastic to-go cups. Thank you guy!It's the service at the establishment itself that brings the score down to three stars for me. The first time we actually went to eat here was earlier this year after my mom had just flown in for a visit and was ready for dinner after a long flight. Since this place is close to where we live and I already loved the food from the few times we've ordered it I suggested we stop in. The food was good but while my mom and I ordered appetizers and received our food in a decent amount of time my poor boyfriend waited forever for his small pizza. By the time we got it we had to have been there about an hour and he ended up getting a box for it right away so we could finally go.The second time we went with a group of friends and the service was better this time around but I have to say the noise from the bar area kind of put me off from wanting to go back in. Picking up from the location is a bit annoying as well, as we had to go back to the loud bar area and try to catch a bartenders attention so we could pay for our order while he fetched the pizza. Granted I know that on a Saturday night a noisy bar is to be expected but I think we'll stick to delivery from now on when we want to enjoy this delicious pizza.
3	I have been to the 'Shroom a couple times now since going gluten free. There isn't much in the form of non-gluten items at the 'Shroom, but they do have gluten free pizza.Which... last time I was there... I was glutened by.  It wasn't huge or anything, but it felt like a cross contamination issue, so if you go and are very sensitive like I am, make sure they cook it safely for you.FYI... the capris sauce, is not GF.  I was so bummed.Service has never been an issue here... they are always friendly.What I also like is that they have ciders included in their massive beer list! Yay... When I went to the 'Shroom before being diagnosed Celiac, I used to have their hoagies... OMG. I loved the portobello veggie one... it was amazing.The ambiance of the place is cool... very trendy like with artsy photos of downtown Phoenix and wacky things... like videos of eyes looking at you in the bar.  So weird. lol
4	Went to the Happy Valley location... First the eh not so good then savings best for last...Stay far away from the wings if you like 'em crispy, they're oven baked and mushy! Second if you have a headache before going in stay out. This was the loudest restaurant ever even louder than Organ Stop! Now the best, being from Chi-Town I love my pizza... We had the Thai with Chiicken and curry with an amazing Thai Chili drizzle! I think I'm pretty tough on reviews BUT this pizza was a 5 and 6 if they went to 6. Great crust and sooooo flavorful... A must try, enjoy
1	Well. This is it, Mellow Mushroom. I am breaking up with you. For whatever reason, we just can't seem to hit it off. We started eating in the Happy Valley location but after a long string of back luck we decided to try the take out route.On one occasion eating in, our server went home after taking our order and never brought our food. On another, we waited over an hour after taking our order to get our pizza but when it arrived it was burnt to a crisp (and had the wrong toppings) on several occasions we were seated and it took 20 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us. Call it bad luck or whatever but dining in has never really worked out for whatever reason.Sigh, but now, "take out" isn't even "working out". We've had two incidents of driving to the restaurant at the time we were told to pick up our order and then we had to wait another 20 minutes because it wasn't ready. And on top of that our orders are consistently coming out wrong - and for the prices I'm paying, I deserve better. Originally, what I liked about Mellow Mushroom was that it was a little bit different than other pizza places. Unique pizza and sandwiches, sort of on the expensive side but a nice change of pace. Not outstanding but different. Generally, I have a problem with the service. I've probably visited this location about ten times (and as a former server myself) I have to admit, I've never been to a restaurant in recent memory where the staff is so unprepared or uninterested in what they're doing. From greeters who don't greet, to servers who disappear to food that arrives late (and often wrong) to getting the wrong check from a table of 8 (there were three of us at lunch) - we've just had so much bad luck with this place.Working in a restaurant for years, I know that things happen and I'm willing to forgive and forget. And for Mellow Mushroom, that doesn't seem to matter much. On the last incident where we got the wrong order, no one even apologized. I can forgive mediocre food if the service is excellent but after so many chances, the only consistency I've found here is frustration. I tried. I really tried. But we have to break up. I need to find someone who appreciates me as a customer. If you are interested in the gluten-free pizza or if you enjoy a nice selection of beers, Mellow Mushroom is probably a good option. But at this price range, there are a lot of better options close-by that are less frustrating. I really don't like leaving negative reviews (the last restaurant I wrote one for is now out of business) but I hope Mellow Mushroom can improve and give others a better experience.
5	Still the best beer and pizza ever!
3	Whenever I'm at the Norterra Shopping center, Mellow Mushroom beckons to me from across the parking lot. I don't typically have time to stop and eat, though. But, today was different. My wife and daughter were both home on my day off, so we went exploring!During our adventure, my wife mentioned that she was craving pizza. But, not basic delivery pizza...she wanted REAL pizza.This was my chance! I mean, we were already running errands up north, so this was the perfect opportunity to satisfy two cravings...my wife's for pizza, and mine for figuring out what all the buzz was surrounding this mysteriously named restaurant.The place is very quirky. It's got a few quasi-psychedelic pictures hung around the entrance. There are about half a dozen disco balls hung from the ceiling in the atrium as you wait to be seated. Among the disco balls, there's also a moon hung in the middle. On the moon, there are cool little trinkets, ranging from firefighters, policemen (both from the tops of trophies), and there's a network of telephone lines on poles spanning the moon. Very cool.Now, we didn't have to wait to be seated today...it was 1:00 in the afternoon on a Thursday...not exactly "prime time" by restaurant standards. My daughter wanted to sit outside, so we requested a patio seat. At first, the hostess told us that the front patio was reserved for a large party that would be coming in shortly. Then, she had an epiphany, and realized that there's another patio off behind the bar. Both patios have a misting system to help you stay cool during the blazing hot summers out here. Today, the misters were going, but they might not have been necessary. The way the building is positioned, both patios are completely shaded by 1:00 pm. It was exceptionally comfortable.Now, the menu is pretty cool. It offers up great pizzas, though they can be a bit pricey, ranging from  around $12 for a small (10") pizza, to almost $30 for a large (16") pizza. There are several specialty pizzas from which to choose, or you can build your own.Now, since we got there during lunch, we got to use the lunch menu. Here, they offer a personal pizza (8") for $4.99! My wife got a plain pepperoni,  and I got a bacon/jalapeno pizza. This personal pizza was perfect for us! The crust was nice and thick, and the ingredients were fresh and delicious!My daughter ordered from the kids' menu. She looked over her choices, and she opted for the French Bread Pizza with pepperoni and cheese. She could have chosen macaroni and cheese, but she was happy with her decision.An interesting side note...our personal pizzas were only $4.99...my daughter's meal was $5.50...go figure.So far, this sounds like a rave review, doesn't it? I mean, cool atmosphere, great food...in all honesty, the meal alone, in my opinion, earns this place 5 hand-tossed stars. But what about the service? Yeah...what ABOUT the service? I don't know what the circumstances were surrounding our completely shoddy service. Maybe the waitress was supposed to have gotten off right when we came in. Maybe she didn't like the prospect of waiting on a table with a child. I can't say for sure, because I never really talked to her.From the time the hostess seated us, we saw the waitress 4 times. She came out once we were seated, asked us what we wanted to drink, and left. She returned with the drinks, took our order, and left. After someone from the kitchen brought us our food, the waitress showed up to see if we were alright. Then she showed up at the end to bring us the check and a to-go box.If that last paragraph seemed curt, it's because I was trying to emulate the waitresses attitude. Also, notice how I refer to her as "the waitress". This girl didn't even introduce herself at the onset of the meal.So, like I said..the actual restaurant was a STRONG 5 stars. The indifferent and lackluster service earns a resounding 1 star.5+1= 66/2= 3Basic math lowers what would have been an awesome review down to the middle of the road at best.
1	This place has a lot going for it. Great beer selection, great food, reasonable prices are all reasons to go. I've been there dozens of times for happy hour.I will not be going back.The service has always been sketchy at best, but yesterday's incident was unimaginable.As a fan of the NFL, I usually go out with a group to watch Thursday Night Football, which is only available on the NFL network (which I don't get at home). Our group arrived at Mellow Mushroom at 4pm, requested to watch the game on one TV and proceeded to have some fun.After a few beers, apps, and several pizzas, at 6pm the bartender, JOSH KAISER, decided to change the channel on the TV we were watching. He claimed it was "a homer game" and proceeded to get very close to my face and say "this wasn't my house". I actually felt threatened!JOSH KAISER is a large individual. After speaking with the "manager" about the incident, we decided to leave because he seemed just as intimidated by JOSH KAISER.I have met the owner, JAY BESKIND, in the City North Mellow Mushroom, and previously commended him on his great establishments. Jay, if you are reading this, please take some corrective action with your staff.
1	i will never eat at mellow mushroom on happy valley and i-17 again....there was a bug in my boy's food, ants on the bar and another bug on the ground. they acted like it was no big deal and still gave us a bill for the almost everything...
4	I had never heard of this place and wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. The pizza is oddly unique, but in an awesome way! The pretzel appetizer we ordered was also quite good and not like any I have had before. All in all this was a nice dining experience and I would definitely return to this restaurant even though it is a little expensive.
5	I love this place. The beer is plentiful, the girls are pretty, and the food is delicious. Nothing beats coming in and getting three giant pretzels for about a dollar each. The service was excellent, Lissett and Marleena  (I made sure to get their names just for this article) were both very helpful when it came to my beer selection, plus they provided plenty of entertainment for my friend and I. The patio makes for a great spot to drink and socialize. Thank you Mellow, I had a great time!
5	2 things we don't have in California...Waffle House and Mellow Mushroom. When I'm in Phoenix, I go to both. When I'm in Atlanta, I go to both.I guess I could branch out and order something different but with food, I like to be predictable. Spinach salad and a mushroom & olive calzone. That's all I ever get. What if I don't like the new thing I order? Best stick with what I love.The service is always great and everyone in this place is super friendly. I do have one suggestion for MelMush....GO WEST YOUNG MAN!
2	i had heard good things about this place, but ended up disappointed in the overall experience. They claim to have a lot of draft beers, but when we ordered a Guinness, they didn't have it. In fact, they were out of about 15 beers. We ordered some wings and pizza. The wings were small, but tasted ok. The pizza took forever... the waitress finally came and said the pizza had been burnt so they had to make another one and it would be another 6 minutes (what precision) but it ended up being at least 12. The pizza was ok. We had the holy shiitake which had a garlic aioli that tasted like mayonnaise. i'll stick to oregano's.
3	Our first time here and close to a 4, but the pizza just took too long to come out.Our server was excellent.  When hearing I like different kind of beers he offered three samples.  He also led us towards the unique and tasty yukon gold pizza. Great thing about the place is you can split the specialty pies.  We split with the kosmic karma.  Totally different from the potato, but really good.  Crust is flavorful and we enjoyed it.Half order of hot wings were just ok.  Not really hot, one off the wings should have been tossed from the batch and the ones that turned out were just alright.Good beer, good pizza, good service - just have to be a little faster getting them out, especially since it was not busy at all.I'd go back, but maybe not if I had to keep a schedule.
4	I hate pizza.Really, I do. I guess specifically I hate marinara sauce, to be fair. But I LOVE Mellow Mushroom.Get the Yukon Gold, Philosophers Pie or Holy Shiitake. So good, and none have red sauce if you're a hater like me. The crust is amazing. Their Enlightened Spinach Salad is also awesome - spinach, candied pecans, dried cherries, apples, and vinaigrette. They also have Wyder's cider...win! Service can be a little slow but staff is always really nice.
4	Good pizza. Nice and laid back. Good staff too.
2	The place was really nice and the staff knowledgable and friendly..I thought it was a little pricey. $33.00 plus a $6.00 tip makes almost 40 bucks for a medium THIN pizza 5 wings and two cokes. I can't understand why people like this pizza. It's super thin and most of it is the huge crust which is doughy and tasteless..I guess that's why you need "dipping sauce" which I'm not used to unless ordering from Pizza Hut. They have some huge Beer Menu that's also pricey! $7.00 drafts? $4.00 for a can of Miller Lite? It's not the kind of place I want to sit around and drink in anyway..If I felt like a few beers I would just go to "Wild Wings" next door were the mood is more festive and the food better and cheaper. The wings were o.k...nothing to write home to mama about! There's a place called Stevies on 59th and 101 ..I can get better, bigger pizza and more wings for about $22.00...and sit home and drink my own $1.00 Miller lites..Mellow Mushroom is o.k. but I won't go back there..lot of better options..
2	Should have known when the place was empty on a Friday afternoon
4	Great food and service. only 4stars cause of outside patio furniture was horrible and prices.
5	Great food good drinks and great service
1	Upon entering Mellow Mushroom the Hostess stand is about 20 - 30 feet away from the door.  Just recently I underwent foot surgery on both feet so I walk with a cane and have those special black shoes they give you until you recover.  The Hostess not only didn't greet me upon entering but proceeded to walk me back to the farthest part of the restaurant.  I stood my ground, pointed to my feet and cane and asked for a booth much closer to walk to.  Next came the waiter who dropped off menu's, no welcome to Mellow Mushroom my name is ----- how are you and what can I get you to drink.  Nothing, no personality at all and before he left I asked for a manager.  I got Andrew who knelt down so we could be face to face and I expressed my view points with the hostess and the waiter whose name I still don't know. He said he would talk to his staff about my concerns.  After we were re-sited I asked for the manager again.  Out came the general manager Blake, I again expressed my view points but he wanted a "pissing" match with me instead.  He wanted to know how many restaurants I had opened, I said I've been in the Hospitality Industry since 1980. I also worked in the customer service department at American Express for many years.  I asked him why the employee's don't wear name tags,  Because it is "Corporate Policy" not to wear name tags as express by the general manager Blake.  Well I like to see the person's name who is serving me.  I asked him why the employee's are allowed to show their tattoo's, again it is "Corporate Policy", if you got them, show them.  Well I don't really want to see someone else's art serving me, although I have tattoo's when working professionally, you won't see them. I have traveled across the United States working and eating in some of the finest restaurants, but I've come to the conclusion Mellow Mushroom is run by some 40 year olds who really don't see the bigger picture.  They hire general manager's like Blake who I may add had been the rudest and most condescending restaurateur I've ever met and I've met a lot.  I guess I'll be getting my pizza someplace else.
4	Visiting my brother-in-law for a few days, we stopped in for a Sunday lunch hoping to catch a football game and some good grub before we left. Good grub, check, football, notsomuch. I'll explain.All the TV's at the Mellow Mushroom are packed around the bar area, which is to one side of the restaurant, and none of them really point into the dining room. So if you have a larger party, it isn't really ideal for watching the game.But this was the sole area of disappointment. We started out with two appetizers: a toasted bread with a cheesy olive spread on top, and a plate of pretzels with beer cheese. The bread wasn't really my thing (not an olive fan), but the pretzels and cheese were top notch. The beer cheese is a melted cheese sauce that goes great with the salty, hot pretzels.They have a bunch of local and regional beers, and our waitress had no problem letting me sample a few because I wasn't familiar with any of them being Cali born and raised. I don't remember what I ordered, but it was a dark red IPA that was cold and refreshing on an August day in Phoenix.We ordered two pizzas; a mushroom pizza and a meat pizza. I was surprised to find that I preferred the mushroom pizza, but then considering the name of the joint, it was probably a good call. The waitress had bragged about the pizza dough earlier, and I tuned out what she was saying because, you order pizza for the toppings, not the dough, right? Well, ideally, the dough accents the topping perfectly. I think they put molasses in it or something, maybe it is wheat based. It's good though, and I might eat that dough by itself.Great overall, good service, and I look forward to coming across the Mellow Mushroom again.
3	The first time I visited Mellow Mushroom was back in August. We knew nothing about the place but decided to give it a try anyway. I don't need to go through all the details of what Mellow Mushroom is all about, but if you've never heard of them, they're known for their Dough, mainly pizza. They have a full bar and a large selection of beer. The first time we visited, I gotta tell you, I wasn't impressed with service or cleanliness. We were seated right by the large windows near the bar; there were about 30-40 flies all over the glass near our booth and that entire section of the restaurant. We were so disgusted that we had to ask to be moved. The waiter apologized and moved us a few tables away. We ordered our pizza and drinks; the pizza was good, but there were still flies all over the place. While we ate, we asked the waiter to bring us a to go box just so we could put our pizza in it, protecting it from all the flies.The only reason we went back to this restaurant was because the pizza was good. Also, I don't believe their food is priced fairly. $27 for a large pizza is too much; it's not like they put expensive toppings on it or anything. Since then, we've gone back a few times. One thing has become clear to us and that is that the food here is inconsistent. Our experience has been hit and miss; there are times they make the pizza good, and there are times that the pizza is just ok.
3	Gluten-Free pizza crust - amazing, chewy, flavorful, finally! This is the main reason I want to go back and give MM at Happy Valley a second chance.Small flies shared my table. This is the main reason I'm hesitant to give it a second chance  :(Friday seems to be the big day for deliveries, at least in this location.....and deliveries lend to distracted managers at the lunch hour, which is not good. The food I ordered took forever to get to the table, and the server seemed to forget which tables were hers and if she had already taken some orders or not?!The entree salad was tasty, but didn't have near enough turkey on it for an entree. Pizza with white sauce = yum, especially offset by the sun dried tomatoes.I know...this review is a bit disjointed....kinda like my visit that day!
5	great food at great prices this place is awesome.  had a few mistakes with orders but went 5 stars because they are always fixed instantly and removed from the check with zero hassle and at their insistance!
4	I was looking for a pizza lunch in the Norterra Plaza area of north Phoenix - just north of the Deer Valley airport.  Couldn't find the intended target but Mellow Mushroom has a very visible sign that lured me in.  They have a large rectangular dining area with a bar off to the side on the end.  Outdoor patio seating wraps two sides.  Lots of hard environmental surfaces makes for a noisy dining space.  There were lots of kids with parents contributing to the noise.  This isn't a place that would appeal to kids other than the food.  I ordered a lunch Greek salad and personal pizza with cheese, sausage and caramelized onion.  Turns out the lunch salad would have been plenty.  Salad was very good and included a piece of garlic butter cheese toasted baguette - a tasty and nice touch.  The cheese, sausage and caramelized onion pizza had crust that was medium thick crunchy outside with a soft chewee center.  It was a bit oily, but pizza is not really a health food.  Somehow, pepperoni was added also.  I love pepperoni but it no longer loves me.  Wish they had not put the pepperoni on but I ate it all anyway.  That's why I stay away from addictive drugs - no way I would ever stop once started.  Overall Mellow Mushroom provided a noisy, filling and tasty meal even if slightly different than I ordered.   They will stay in my lunch rotation.
4	Awesome crust.  No smaller side salad option.
4	Went for the first time the other day, during lunch time and got a Mighty Meaty pizza. Service was friendly and there wasn't a very long wait and the pizza was excellent. I think next time I'll try something a bit more basic because all the toppings kind of bury the cheese, crust and sauce flavor, but no complaints. It was also very good the next day when I heated up the leftovers in the toaster oven. I will definitely be back.
4	I first tried Mellow Mushroom in NC and was glad they opened up in Phoenix. Love their pizzas. Creative, huge and delish! My favorite is the philosopher greek style pizza. Very fine service. Nice fun atmosphere for whole family. Can get crowded on weekends so that tells you about how people enjoy the food.
5	Wow. This pizza is some of the best I've ever tasted, and I've had pizza everywhere; New York, Chicago, even Italy. The crust was amazing, so hardy with crazy flavor I've never experienced in a pizza crust! I had the pizza with a drizzle of pesto and sundried tomatoes, holy moly, it was incredible. I will definitely eat here again, and again (and again).
4	Great happy hour... Half price drinks and apps! Highly recommend Orange Blossom beer and spinach dip!
4	i wanted something different and had to find a middle point, there are many restaraunts in the area but nothing great, we decided mellow mushroom it would be. we sat outside but were impressed with the clean, spacious dining area. our server jody was very good , he was suggestive and patient as we looked over the overwhelming menu choices. the pizza was delishhhhh.... the sandwiches how ever are nothing special. 38 beers on tap, but offer cans of miller lite...definatly my new spot for pizza and a cold one.
3	I've been to mellow mushroom many times since it's been opened. They have unique pizzas, good beer selection and always busy on the weekends. I just went last night since I recently went vegan due to health issues and heard they have vegan options. I thought I paid a lot already for a normal pizza but my goodness I paid way too much for 2 small pizzas and 2 beers. I ordered vegan cheese, red sauce, caramelized onions and tempeh. It wasn't bad. Sauce was non existent though and they forgot the tempeh so I pretty much had a vegan cheese and onion pizza with the world's thinnest layer of sauce. Charged me for the tempeh which the waitress took off but even after that, my bill was $47 before tip! Seriously? I'll start making my own vegan pizzas and remember to add tempeh. Oh btw, they charge premium for vegan options so remember that! I have purchased all those vegan ingredients at home separately and I don't understand how they can charge so much more. Needless to say, I'll save my $50+ for 2 pizzas and 2 beers and cook it at home.
5	I wish we had this restaurant chain in OKC! Very good pizza with reasonable prices. the crust was good, too---are you listening, Hideaway?
5	I was very surprised at the quality of food and friendliness of the staff. Me and a friend stopped in Friday night, found a seat at the bar, and had a great time! Great food, amazing beer, and a great value for the money!
4	Best microbrew selection on the Northwest side of town. Food was solid for pub eats. The dining area and bar is modern and inviting. Service staff was friendly and attentive.
5	Most pizza places tend to be fairly typical and vary in quality, but seem common.  This restaurant always surprises with unique flavors and top quality in all of their ingredients.  From the crusts to the sauces to the toppings, everything is top-notch and consistent.  The dough is flavorful with just the right crunch on the outside and great texture inside.Beer selection is excellent.  There are plenty of non-pizza menu items to keep things interesting and to accomodate for any diet needs. One of the top pizza joints in town.
3	Went again last week and tried the pizza. I like the fact that they have a garlic olive oil base on some of their pizzas. They really load them up with cheese which is great, but it can make things a bit mushy.
4	the crust is the best and i prefer to make my own pizza combinations as some on the menu are a bit non traditional for my taste.  the place tends to be loud however on weekends
2	Pretty good pizza, but awful, horrible service. We called ahead and put our name on the list, but when we got there they would only seat us inside. With 3 kids, one very little, we really didn't want to be stuck inside. They had empty outside tables, but refused to push 2 tables together for us so we had to wait for two parties to leave next to each other then push them together ourselves. After ordering, our salads and drinks didn't show up even after asking multiple times. We waited over an hour for our 2 pizzas. How long does it take to make pizza? And they never did remember our pretzel even though they charged us. The pizza was ok but after waiting so long I really didn't care.
1	FLIES EVERYWHERE! Ick. I don't like having to fight with the flies for the first bite of my food. Not to mention the pizza makes me sick every time I go. If the flies in the dining room are any indication of the conditions of the kitchen, I think I'm better off eating elsewhere.The one star is because they have awesome happy hour beer prices and a huge selection of beers on tap.
2	The 'shroom does offer a good selection of beers and our house special pie was generously topped. I'd still rate the pizza only slightly above average at a high price. Better part of a fifty dollar bill for a medium and two drafts.Service continues to be spotty and indifferent. The dishwasher must not be working properly as the flatware was also spotty. And I hate when I have to straighten fork tines...I'm thinking the best option here is happy hour drafts and appetizers.
3	Stopped in on a whim and sat in the bar area.  It would be nice if the servers would mention the happy hour specials.  We would have ordered much more food and stayed longer.  It was nice to see the discounts on the bill, but she short changed herself on easy going customers who tip well.  I have heard the location at Desert Ridge is much nicer and the food better, as well as a real Mellow Mushroom feel, maybe the manager should take a trip over and see what they are doing and take it back to Norterra.
2	STAFF+TIME-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Staff service was quite nice however pizza took 40 minutes to arrive but I wasn't in a rush so I didn't mind. My last visit about 2 years ago took about 40 minutes as well for the food to be ready so I expected that much.FOOD---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The pizza was incredibly greasy. When the small pizza arrived to my table there was a small pool of oil in the center. When I took a slice off, the oil dripped onto my plate. I tried to soak some off with my napkin but the oil soaked right through each one. I used parmesan cheese to soak up some of the grease so my pizza would not drip. The toppings were tasty but i had to use my napkin very often because my lips was covered in grease after every bite. I took half of the pizza home because it was so overwhemling with grease. The next day the top and bottom of the to-go box was covered in a  thick layer of grease all over from just two small slices of pizza.END THOUGHT--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I am sure there are other great choices of pizza on the menu, I was afraid I ordered something wrong again like my first visit. End of story, do not order the shiitake(shit-take on) mushroom pizza. ::::::::::STARS:::::::::+STAFF+APPEALING RESTAURANT-FOOD -WAIT TIME-PRICE
4	Solid pizza place in the NW Valley.  Some of the best pizza crust I've ever had.  It's a little loud but the service has been very good everytime I've gone and it's a great place to go before a movie.  Food is top-notch.
1	Food was good but service was slow! Did not get waters until we were seated for 15 mins. Had to track down our server just to get orders in. It was not busy so not sure what the issue was. To top it off there were flies. Fortunately my girls thought it was funny when I swatted one. If yelp support typed pictures I would post it as evidence!
2	noisy, mediocre pizza
4	Beer selection is amazing ! You can get any type of craft american and local brews.  Thick pizza and baked wings aren't my thing. I have indulged in a few slices soak up the beer  , no regrets , but I mostly come here for the beer.
3	Let  me start by saying that I ordered the gluten free pizza and it was ok. Though the pizza was ok (nothing special), the atmosphere was overly loud and the service was not very good. My husband and I were dining with friends and we could barely hear each other much less the server who lacked personality and information. I am not sure how the regular pizza is as my hubby ordered gluten free as well but our friend said that his was good. However, from what I saw, his pizza lacked toppings and my friends salad for the price was not overly covered in toppings either. The cost was more than we had anticipated as a cost for my 12 inch gluten free pizza was 19 dollars and since we do not go out as much as others, that seems a lot for what you got. I am not sure if we will be going back and we were not overly impressed. We went because of a groupon that we purchased so I am not sure if I would pay full price for this average pizza.
5	Good and predictable.    What I expect from a good chain restaurant.
4	I have been going to this location for a while. The reverse happy hour is awesome. However the dinner services have declined in both service and quality of the food. The last couple times I've been the service has either been slow, or the waiter doesn't get the orders right. It also seems that the kitchen staff doesn't put full effort into the food for quality anymore. While I haven't been to motivated to go here for dinner anymore, the reverse happy hour is great. Half price on drinks and always has a changing beer menu which is nice if you like to try new beers.
3	Good pizza and beer selection
4	I have ended up a regular here for lunch. Love the salads, the sandwiches and the Caesar Pizza is a guilty pleasure!! The tangerine/strawberry black ice tea is refreshing and they always give me a togo cup when I leave. :) (its the little things that count!)Nice place to chill have a beer and some fresh food. I was surprised at the beer selection I really wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised!  I enjoy the staff and have always gotten good service.  and YUP.... I'll be back! ;)
3	Well I have been going to Mellow since it has opened. My Yelp account says I have 50 check ins, but in reality I have more than 75 check ins. So I do love this place. The food is awesome, beer is always changing, and happy hour prices can't be best. So why lowering my review from a 5 star to a 3 star...the service...Since coming to Mellow from the beginning I've been sitting at the bar. I enjoy watching people and interacting with the bar staff. Mellow had some awesome bartenders in the past, and a few current ones like Maralena, but some of the others just don't seem to care. Or worst yet..because we only come once every few weeks now if days (too much Mellow not good for the diet!) they seem to give preference to their new regulars from the nearby restaurants. I really don't mind that much, but don't make me wave you down or ask you for a drink! If you want to ignore me for most part, I'm ok with that. But don't clean glasses right by me and don't even look up to see if I'm wanting another drink or not?  That's my biggest pet peeve. On our last visit the other day it took us forever to put a order in even though it wasn't that busy. I can understand when just 2 bartenders have the bar, bar seating, and patio on a busy night. Maybe Mellow needs to have more staff on those nights. Anyways I've had some really great memories of mellow. I was coming 2-3 times a week on average and was a strong regular. We've been slowing down on going to mellow mainly of the service. Easy fix is just to ask if we want anything else, don't make me ask you as the bartender. Once or twice I can understand, now it's becoming a habit. Hope the manager reads these because I'd like to share my frustration in greater detail.
2	It has been a while since we've been here, as we're not really down for spending $20+ on a single pizza. Don't get me wrong, the pizzas are pretty good, but I don't see how they're worth that much. One of the main reasons that we haven't returned is because of the spinach artichoke dip, or rather the waitress serving it to us. Again, the dip was good, but the amount in the bowl was tiny and they gave us only a handful of chips to use. We munched through the chips pretty quickly and the waitress came by and asked if we wanted some more. She brought another small amount of chips so we finished those off and decided we wouldn't hassle her again. When she brought the bill, though, we were astonished to see a charge of $3.99 for an extra order of chips. Since when does any place charge for chips, especially tortilla chips in AZ? And shouldn't she tell us that there's an additional cost if she's going to offer them to us? The spinach dip incident, coupled with some outrageous prices for sodas and the spendy pizzas, has driven us away for good!
5	Love the pizza, reverse happy hour special , especially the wings and pretzels. Beer is obviously the best part
3	Their pizzas are amazing. But the service along with silverware and the plates are  terrible!!! Servers are way too casual and often look dirty...I get it, that's part of the theme but it just doesn't feel right. It feels dirty. The tables are usually wet when you sit down because they were wiped down with a nasty soaked towel. Oh well I love the food so I will go back but it's kind of pricey for the service and atmosphere.
4	I enjoyed the food and the service was great!
4	Ok so I think my last review of 3 stars really helped?  We finally came back after a month or so and was instantly greeted while we sat at the bar. The service was much improved! And I looked and there was 2 bar tenders and a bar back to help out. That really freed up the bar tenders. Very quick and efficient and even asked me if I wanted another drink when they saw my drink getting to the bottom. So I feel like mellow has earned another star back that I took. Hopefully they continue to improve and I'll give me last star back to reflect my once 5 star rating that I gave before. Oh on my last review the manager did respond and was open for a conversation. We never were able to talk on the phone but it was a nice touch with a personal email after my fair rating. I liked it.
3	Just okay. Pizza was neither bad nor fantastic. Ordered hummus appetizer, was also okay. Peach tea was yummy. I would rather eat at Oreganos than here, especially since lunch came to $36 for 2 people which included a medium pizza, hummus and one drink, I had water. I'll come back sometime, perhaps.
5	Excellent happy hour Monday thru Friday. Half off beers and appetizers. Great beer selection, even had the Four Peaks seasonal Pumpkin Porter on tap! Excellent pizza as well and friendly attentive staff.
3	Good food but a long wait and somewhat overpriced. Could do without the pretentious clientele and noise. I fully expected to see someone walk in with a chihuahua in their purse.
4	We had a lovely dining experience. We got a half order of wings, and a large pizza with half mighty meaty and half philosophers pie. Our server was friendly and attentive. The wait was a bit longer than we would have hoped but not bad considering how full the restaurant was. It was insanely loud inside so we sat on the patio. The tables were a generous size, but there was no outside light source and plenty of smokers outside the gate violating the proximity requirements making the while thing rather dark and smokey. Very much made up for by superb food and service.
2	This is another restaurant we are adding to the list of places that we will only visit for happy hour.  My hubby and I ordered a greek salad to split and created our own pizza.  We got four toppings on it.  The beer selection is good, but each beer is $7!!  Once again, there must be gold dust in the beers served in the Northwest valley because $7 for a  beer is outrageous.  The pizza was pretty good, but when the bill came, we noticed that each vegetable topping was 1.29 a piece and each meat topping was 2.29 a piece.  For 1.29 worth of onions, we should have had 1/2 of an onion on that pizza.  Instead, I could barely find any onion.  They were beyond stingy with the toppings!  You're making me pay a ton per topping and I can barely see that it's on the pizza.  Not a fan of that at all!  We will not be returning unless it's happy hour and we will never order a pizza there again because it was way overpriced for the measly toppings they put on it.
3	This is a frequent lunch spot for me.  Check out coupon sites, as they frequently have something running.  The service is always great and with a smile.  The gluten free options are clearly marked and yummy !! Lots of great drink options beer and wine. Be sure to check out the local specials , that's normally what I have.  But can't go wrong with the jerk chicken any time of year.  Be sure to leave extra time for some items like pizzas since they take a little longer to prepare.  This location is on the north side of the street  in the Norterra shopping center.  It's EAST of I 17 so be sure to turn at the light before the traffic circle or you will have to go ALL the way around again !!!
5	Always have a great time when we go to mellow! Bartenders are awesome, know what we like and have it ready!
5	Best selection of beer with the best bartenders in town. Great place just to hang out with friends. And the food is great too!! Probably the best crust and toppings in the north valley. If I could only get them to deliver to my house I would make it a ten star restaurant.
5	Love this place! Consistently amazing food and great service. ALL of the servers are amazing. My hubby and I love coming here for lunch. The food is always amazing, freshly made, and great ingredients. This is a place where I can feel full from the food but not gross. Some of my favorites are:- jerk chicken hoagie (with bacon - takes it to another level of goodness)- avocado hoagie - funky q pizza- enlightened spinach saladCan't beat the prices of those hoagies, and especially can't beat the lunch specials ($5).
5	I love this joint! Reverse happy hour is great of you want to hang out after 10pm. Great pizza,Salads and beer selection! Try the Moose Drool or left hand milk nitro stout so smooth on draft. Great service and busy atmosphere! We eat here 3-4 times a month
4	You know Happy Valley is a boring road when a Mellow Mushroom is the most happening spot for food AND drink. Good thing they take advantage of it!So there's a bigger bar here than I've seen at other locations, and a respectable patio to match. Even if you don't come here for the delicious varieties of pizza, it's almost got a dive bar atmosphere...with a couple dozen rotating tap selections with some really awesome beers like Magic Hat. Also, they've got some insane deals on cocktails...like the "Irish Trashcan" which is pretty much an AMF with a little can of red bull opened up and dunked in your glass. People are seriously getting their drink on here like it's the Mill Ave location. I love it!
4	Huge fan of mellow mushroom in the north valley! They always have a great beer selection of local and out of state craft brews. Their menu is a great mix of classic pizza recipes and really unique ones from the restaurant itself. I have been to two different mellow locations, one here in Arizona and another in north Carolina, Arizona hands down is way better! Not sure if the other was a franchise or not, but believe me the Arizona location is by far way better!
1	We love the food here, but to be honest, we won't be going here again. We waited an hour for our personal pizzas, it was freezing, it is extremely loud and the service is sub-par. We had to wave down another waiter for our check, and even that took forever. Honestly, this place needs a quicker and more efficient way to cook the pizzas. Waiting an hour is not acceptable.
4	A-OK is what it says, so that's not bad, but it is not good.  My only beef is the price of the pizza.  The pizzas are delicious, but goodness gracious they are a bit deep in the pocket.  Although they are topped with quality fresh produce with a unique variety of combinations.  Therefore, it makes sense, and I get it.Even though I am Filipino and have tasted all kinds of cultural foods, there is nothing better and easy than a delicious, perfect dough, melted mozzarella with unique toppings on top of a creamy sauce pizza.  It is one of the main attractions in the Norterra and Happy Valley area, and I am glad it is there.  They have an assortment of beers, and it is a great place to hang out.  However, we cannot go there all the time, even though I would love to (too pricey for pizza, but that's me).My wife and I will be back again because you are just right around the corner!  Oh, pizza, how you delight me.
5	Kidding me with the 3.5 star average.The best pizza north of the 101 loop. Fantastic happy hour specials, great service, and delicious pizza.Came here for a birthday party, we got 4 different pizzas and they were all fantastic.
5	My family was being a little crazy so we needed an escape! This place saved us! We are so happy with the service and the experience!
4	This is great pizza!!  It's definitely on the heartier side.  The crust is amazing - it's thick and a little doughy in the best possible way, with a distinctive taste - yum!  They have an exceptional variety of sauce and topping options, and everything we've had was delicious - try anything with mushrooms or pesto!  Their soft pretzels are similar to their delicious crust, and the stuffed mushroom is yummy (although small for the price).I recently discovered this place is wonderful for Vegans!  Their vegan pizzas are delicious - the fake cheese is amazingly realistic!
5	I love this place! I love testing all the beers! The best time to go is during happy hour all the apps are half off and most of the drinks are too! All the people who work there are friendly and down to earth. Even if you go and it not happy hour the food is great and the price is reasonable.
4	I wasn't terribly hungry, so I just had the Muffaletta Cheese Bread appetizer.It was amazing! And a meal in and of itself!Good beer selection, nice patio.This particular location isn't near me, so I wouldn't likely return, or if I did, often.But I would go back if I were in the area.
3	I really want to love this place, but I can't. The food is outstanding and that's what keeps us coming back. Unfortunately every time we have been here the service has been subpar. The servers always seem so frantic trying to rush around the restaurant and take care of everyone. It takes forever to get your drinks and food (even though the wait is worth it). We have found it more convenient to get take out or delivery from this place. Then we get the great food without the bad service.
4	What delicious pizza! I would give it 5 stars but my waitress was pretty horrifying. Have had good experiences for the most part except once when I got awful customer service which is huge to me. However, no complaints about the food. Delicious pizza and the dessert is incredible and low priced. Definitely one of my favorite spots.
5	Mellow mushroom has the best staff! Anne Marie, Kara, Chris, Lissette and Marlena always take excellent care of us at the bar. They're always attentive to our needs and we leave happy every time. The pizza is always amazing no matter what kind you order and the pretzels are a great appetizer if you are just hanging out for a beer with a few friends! This is always my go-to spot any night of the week! Keep up the great service and food, we love it here!
3	I am a fan of their Vegan Pizzas. They will definitely cater to your Veg-Needs which is awesome!I usually get the Mega-Veggie Supreme and I ask for it Vegan. They will not put butter on the crust and put Daiya Cheeses. The pizza is usually super good. The other item I get some times is their Vegan Spinach Calzone. I never had a Calzone before, so that was a treat. The only thing is that, 50% of the time, it comes very oily inside. The reason I give it 3 stars is the ambiance, wait time, and how loud it can be. I don't think the inside resembles anything like their name "Mellow Mushroom". The inside is very standard decor, but the bar area is super loud at night. I usually go at night. I don't think it is that loud in the day time. A plus is that they close at 2 AM, so you can get a late meal if you want to. The wait time is pretty long since they are making it fresh. If you go, be prepared to wait 25 - 40 minutes for your meal depending on how busy it is. Overall, if you love pizza, I recommend this place. I have recommended it to many of my friends. The crust is amazing and VEGAN!
2	The food is delicious! Unfortunately it can get pretty pricey for pizza, and the service is generally pretty slow.
3	Server failed to tell us it was happy hour. Food is pretty good. The place was very loud.
4	Only tried the hoagies because that's what we were able to afford that night but they were delicious. Can not complain there. The service was good but has room for improvement.
5	We ordered the Kosmic Karma pizza. It's the best pizza I have had in the Phoenix area since moving from NJ in July 2013. I would have uploaded a pic, but by the time I realized I was going to post on Yelp, only one of eight slices was left. I just downed four slices. I feel guilty, but it was so good. Hard to believe this is a chain place. The large pie was $26 after taxes-pricey, but worth it in my opinion.Kosmic Karma-Red sauce base with feta and mozzarella cheeses, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes and Roma tomatoes with a pesto swirl.
4	Awesome place, great pizza.  Perfect for date night.  They even have some craft beers to try.We had the Thai pizza, it is spectacular.
2	I wouldn't not recommend anyone to go here,me and my friend were drinking last night outside patio and this   Waitress won't let us finish our drinks so pushy pushy they want u to finish fast drinking slow down guys manager is a crock to...
5	Food was fantastic! And our server, Cory, was one of the friendliest people I've met. Thanks for the great experience!
4	I go for the Orange Blossom beer from local Papago brewery & Iove ALL their pizzas I've ever had here.  Anything Pesto is delish
4	Excellent beer selection with bartenders that seem a little "too cool for school" but service is still pretty good at the bar. Food is solid but one thing REALLY bothers me about this place...NO FRYER, which means no fries. They take pride in this for some strange reason.I don't always want fries, but knowing I can't have them makes me want them twice as much.
4	For my first visit, my friend (who has to eat Gluten Free) and I sat on the patio. The weather was great but I wish I had been face to face with something other than a row of cars. There aren't enough garden restaurants in Phoenix, IMHO. We were seated immediately and after a few moments I had a waited at my table. It was Happy Hour - 1/2 price drinks and Munchies - so I asked for what they had in wine and it was limited to the house brand of each variety for $5/ glass normally but $2.50 for HH. I ordered the Pinot Noir and the stuffed portobello mushroom after the waiter suggested that it could be gluten free with the balsamic dressing on the side. The mushroom was decent sized and delicious. Per the menu, a Portobello mushroom cap stuffed with artichoke hearts, feta cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, spinach and mozzarella. Baked and drizzled with a balsamic glaze. Served on a bed of spring mix tossed with an herb vinaigrette dressing. It was moist, savory and flavorful and at $9+ normally, HH was a steal at less than $5.I also ordered twice backed chicken wings mild. They came out after the mushroom and although I really liked the taste, I thought they were small. Maybe this is because breaded and deep fried wings are likely bulkier and make them seem bigger (shrug). Either way, we enjoyed them. For the main entree, she ordered a gluten free pizza and enjoyed it. She said that the recent change in the gluten free crust was a good one and that it had improved from her previous visit.I had a small Thai Dye (Olive oil and garlic base, all natural grilled curry chicken, mozzarella cheese, Roma tomatoes, onions. Topped with fresh basil, cucumbers and a sweet swirl of Thai chili sauce.) at the recommendation of the waiter and really appreciated the unique toppings. The cucumbers were the perfect refreshing topping to the spicy sweet sauce. I ended up taking half the pizza home for lunch the next day and enjoyed it cold too!Overall, I was impressed and will be back to try the Holy Shittake Pizza next.
4	pretzels are so delish and pizza is always great. service is generally good
4	Great looking place and friendly staff. Was in the mood for Oregano's but their wait was over an hour. So I've been meaning to try this place for a couple of years and tonight was the night. Nice place, good food, good beer selection. This place has a lot going for it. We tried the Greek salad which was awesome. Topped with Feta, Calamata olives, and pepperoncinis. The pizza was hot and delicious as I expected to be. Nice selection of beers and stuff, so I'll be back for sure!
5	Best baked wings :P love the Funky Chicken Pizza (their version of a BBQ chicken pizza) Great deal with a Groupon deal of $10 for $20 & combined with Happy Hour worth trying out.
1	Its good food. great happy hour. There is 2 good servers during happy hour. but everyone   else are retards people here are not so smart and don't know how to do transactions. we did a pick up order asked for double cut on our pizza. they wanted us to wait another 10 mins to double cut the pizza should of yelled at them therefore our food was cold, dominos would have been bettter. but they probably would of freaked out and quit felt bad for the cashier. she should do us all of us a favor and quit. but over all food is good people that work there are so so so so dumb. but 2 waitresses that work happy hour .
3	Okay pizza, not spectacular. Biggest negative is that that pie and beers are overpriced. Impressive beer list but we had to leave our table to go to the bar to look at the bar menu. Servers seemed more concerned with being young and hip than offering help. Glad we tried it but we won't be back.
2	I took my family there for the first time last Wednesday evening.  Wasn't too busy.  We were told it would be a few minutes because they had to clean off a table, which I thought was unusual for it not being so busy.  We got seated, and after a little while our server showed up and he took our drink order.  He seemed very uninterested in taking our food order like he was distracted.  We didn't see him again for a half an hour.  Other staff members brought out our food and it was delicious, but our server never came by to ask about refills or anything else.  I had about 5 minutes left before I was going to ask for a manager and he miraculously pops up in time to get us some boxes and our bill.  I can't complain about the food, but the service was the worst.  The prices were a little higher, so I would expect better service.  I get better service every time I go to a Denny's.   We have no interest in going here again.
5	Love the beer selection and happy hour....also love the fact they take groupon for Happy hour...best beer and deal in town! !
5	Great service. Packed inside but speedy time tp get food. Pizza is my favorite . As i have travled and loved every Mellow Mushroom.
1	Slow service, and even slower waiter.. Found a hair in my salad, shared that with my server and no  apology but he did  ask if I wanted another one.. Really? Ok not coming back here again...Oh he did comp the salad..
1	Ordered a 12" magical mystery tour and a righteous portabello reuben. Way overpriced. The sandwich wasn't enough stuffed full it contained a thin layer of sauce, sauerkraut, a mushroom or two and that was it. It's almost $10 for a tiny, unsatisiying sandwich. The 12" ($12) pizza was extremely thin crust, barely any sauce, cheese, and about a jalapeno and 2 tiny mushrooms per piece. Overall I wouldn't pay again, very little food for the huge price. The service was okay, beer was even $7 for a 20 oz draft. Total ripoff, subpar food, not a lot of amount for the price you pay. For the record I don't mind paying for food, if I'm getting my money's worth. The pizza was kind of lukewarm and the sandwich was cold. I will not be returning and suggest you don't go either. (Also, we got the groupon we came as a group of 4 we wanted 2 separate checks, most other places have let us sit at the same table and used a groupon on separate checks...not here! They wouldn't let us use it unless we sat at different tables...I mean really, isn't that the same thing you just aren't letting us sit together?)
4	Family friendly atmosphere with a sport bar area that is off to the side of the restaurant. All the staff we encountered were friendly & helpful in getting a high chair set up.The pizzas my husband has orders look amazing, I've snuck a few bites and they are tasty. I ordered the mushroom club, & it was a good warm sandwich. Next time I'm going to try one of their salads :)
5	We've been to this location twice now. The first time, they honored the face value of our expired groupons, which was much appreciated. That first night we went with three very active minions at dinner time. The server was friendly and funny, we had a lot of fun with him - great sense of humor. The apps, kids' meals, and pizza were all great. The second time, it was just the two of us for lunch. It was so sad, our waitress seemed to have a hard time keeping her shirt pulled down far enough to reach her waistband and cover her midriff and tattoo. I felt so bad for her! You know how hard it can be to find uniforms that fit - perhaps her manager can steer her toward an "adult" size next time they hand out shirts! On both visits the food was consistently high quality. I love that they have Daiya dairy and soy free cheese along with gluten free crust. It can be difficult to go out with multiple food allergies, but they were awesome!
2	My wife and I have been to the Mellow Mushroom twice.  The first time we walked out due to not receiving any service after being seated for 15 minutes.  So, last night we decided to give them a second chance.  It appeared that the Mushroom must be a popular place, as it was pretty crowded for a Thursday evening and it was just about an hour after happy hour.  So, our expectations began to rise a bit.  We had the garlic and cheese pretzels first.  I have seen some reviews that raved about the pretzels, but ours were bland, couldn't even taste any garlic...and they were tough, which I thought was kind of strange for a pretzel.  We both ordered the Chicken and Cheese hoagie, which wasn't bad, but wasn't great either, very mediocre.  I do have to give our waitress credit for being attentive even though she was busy.  So, I would give the service a step above average.  The reason for that was that the bus boy came by to clear dishes that were no longer being used with a tub.  Seriously???  I have never seen wait staff walk around clearing a table that was still seated with a dish tub that would normally stay in the kitchen area.  Just left a bad taste in my experience here.  I don't think we will be returning.  Oh yeah, 6-7 dollars for a bottle of beer?  Yes, there is quite a selection, but sorry, I wont pay that for 12 oz bottle of beer, unless it is something a bit more upscale.
4	Went here for the first time today. Tried one of their pizzas. It was fantastic. The pieces are huge and completely worth the price. The artichoke dip was really great too. it was a very nice setting. I would recommend this place to anyone.
2	I wouldn't recommend this place at all. I can make a better looking plate than these guys. I will Not be going there anymore.
1	The place is nice, the food is ok. The customer service is hands down the worst. We purchased a groupon and they were very  hesitant to accept it. The manager came and told me I had to split my table and create a gap in order to be able to use two groupons (even though the groupon says one per table). The waitress was very rude from the start and the manager was just trying to back her up by what she said. It was very upsetting as a groupon customer to be denied my groupon, which happens to be the reason I came here. As a business owner this is doing the opposite as advertisement it is hurting the business. I would personally like to have higher management contact me about this, this is how upsetting and embarrassing this situation is.
1	Just ordered a pizza and had it delivered to my house. Not only did they charge the wrong amount to my card but they delivered the wrong pizza. When I called to let them know the girl who answered the phone said someone would call me back. Never got a call so I finally called and asked to speak to the manager who did not apologize or seem concerned at all. Will not be going back!!!
4	BEST pizza I have ever had!! We love going late at night because they still serve pizza and appetizers late night. Also I love their reverse happy hour. The only down side is that late night when we go in the service is a little disappointing. It doesn't look like their are any servers taking tables so the bartenders I guess forget they have to serve tables. We always have to end up going up to the bar to order everything. The only reason we go there is because the food is so good, otherwise we would never go there again.
2	We drove up around this side of town often,  the warm summer morning made for the perfect opportunity to order some take out pizza. Curiosity had gotten the best of us and we wanted to feel fancy. We ordered a Gourmet White pizza with Feta cheese. It was bland at best. The Pepperoni from the second pie was to organic and lacked in flavor. With a little too much dough for anyone's taste, it'd make the little Pillsbury guy go nuts. On top of all this was a half awake staff that had little to no customer service training. No eye contact whatsoever. It felt real cold and empty in the restaurant.
2	1. Service is adequate. Not great mind you, just adequate.2. Food is tasty. 3. Prices are stupid. Its pizza and sandwiches folks. Give me a break with some of these prices!4. If you go, go during happy hour. Then the prices wont bother you.I have gone a couple times and each time I go, I ask myself, why. I guess Norterra area needs more options.
1	I've tried this place multiple times.  It's always been subpar.  The only thing good about this place is the selection of craft beer. Today, I came here for lunch.  I was seated at a dirty table/booth that I had to wipe off before sitting. There were multiple flies buzzing around driving people to swat them away from the food and drinks. I ordered a pizza and was given the wrong pizza.  They took it back and made the correct pizza. An hour after ordering the first pizza, I received a second-rate pizza. The server never even apologized though it was his mistake. Never again.  Overall grade = F
3	Good food but the prices are crazy. Long waits to get seated and once you are seated the entire establishment is so loud that we could not hear each other across the table and the waiter had to ask us to repeat our orders as he could not hear us. I like the food and beer but the prices and atmosphere are not my thing.
1	This is the worst restaurant I've ever been to. We waited 15 minutes for a server to come to our table. Our pizza was extremely soggy, so when we asked our waiter for another, he told us we were no longer welcome. Good luck here.
5	My girlfriend and I rolled through for dinner on Saturday 8/2 and had a groovy time. Ryan was our server and he was a chill dude. The service was top shelf. We had the cosmic karma pizza and added some shrooms to it because that's how we roll. Ryan also hooked us up with this killer balsamic glaze for dipping. My gf had a meatball hoagie and Ryan suggested the half size because those babies are phat. It was definitely a good trip with Ryan as the guide through our psychedelic journey. Peace and blessings,Cheech and Chong
2	I was at Happy Valley location last week for lunch. Casual atmosphere, not to bad of a service either. Then I checked my banking account and found out that I was overcharged! My bill was around $27 and change and I was charged $57 and change. I have used a $10 groupon and after that, my bill should have been $17 and change plus tip.  Immediately, I called the restaurant, which was early in the morning.  One of the employees who answered the phone claimed she was a manager and she is unable to help me; however, she will take all of my information and manager "Brian" will call me as soon as he gets in. 8:30PM, I am not receiving my call and I decide to call again. Employee puts me on hold for Brian "the manager". He pretty much tells me to wait out until Wednesday as they have been experiencing a lot of problems when groupon is used. Per him, everything should correct itself. He also said he would give me a call first thing Monday morning and its about 1:15PM and still no call. I am really disappointed on how this matter is being handled. I understand it is $30 and for the manager at Mallow Mushroom that may not be a lot but for me...It is. It makes me mad that he would not even have a courtesy to give me a call....What would happened if I never checked my statement? How many people were overcharged like this and never cut it?
2	I really wanted to like this place because it is close to my home & I think the name is so cute! I went twice within 2 weeks and that is enough for me to know I don't want to go back. I have to eat gluten AND dairy free (Boo Hoo) and I think "Streets of New York", "Whole Foods" and "California Pizza Kitchen" all make a pretty delicious, somewhat reasonably priced pizza. Not so with the Mellow Mushroom. The crust is super thin and doesn't taste very good. They charge a lot of money ($20.00) for a pizza that is 2" smaller than their medium, but still hit you up for the medium price. Service is mediocre and I really prefer to spend my money with resaurants that don't treat me as a second class client.
4	Always GREAT food and OUTSTANDING beer selection but it's really expensive. Still worth it, but if you get an appetizer, some pizza and a beer or two expect your tab to be over 40 bucks.
5	Best flavored pizza in town I usually stop in the happy valley location about once a month. Mellow has a ton of really different but delicious pizza, my favorite is the buffalo chicken pizza and the Cesar salad both are awesome not to mention they have every beer imaginable to go along with what ever dish or app you select. Must stop in to experience for your self!
3	I was here on a Friday during happy hour with three other people. The Happy Hour specials are really good - half off all alcohol and appetizers! We ordered the garlic parmesan pretzels, the bruschetta, the meatball trio, the capri and the hummus. The pretzels were awesome with the beer cheese. I really enjoyed the capri for what it was. Everything else was just okay.I really love how many craft beers they offer, but I wish they wouldn't list things on the menu that they don't always have. I was excited to see that they had Pranqster, but the waiter informed me "they don't have it". Okay, does that mean it's seasonal? Do you only have it during certain times? Not sure why it's on the menu if "you don't have it". I docked a star because it was so flippin loud in there. I get that it's happy hour on a Friday, but we couldn't even hear each other talk. Maybe add some dividers or do SOMETHING with the acoustics in the room.Overall, it was a good spot for happy hour and I'll probably be back during the cooler months when we can hang out on the patio where it's not so loud.
5	My bestie recently bought a Jeep and wanted to go for a mini roadtrip, so we headed up to Happy Valley. We hit up Wal-Mart, because that one's the best one, I think, in Phoenix, then Petco. We were hungry, and I wanted a salad, so the gal at Petco recommended the Mellow Mushroom. Dang!Excellent ambience, customer service, music, atmosphere. We were only ordering to go, but I think we'll definitely be back to sit and stay awhile. The guy that greeted us at the door was upbeat and helpful. He led us to the perky gal with glasses and an updo at the to-go station. We ended up getting salads and a pizza, because it all looked so good. I got a small Greek salad. So much ham and sprouts! Wow! When we got home, I dumped it on one of my big oblong plates, and it filled up the whole stinkin' thing. We ordered the Holy Shiitake pie--omg amazing. The smell of garlic wafted through my whole house as the dog salivated (from a respectful distance). The pizza was covered with shiitake, button, and Portobello mushrooms, plus caramelized onions, mozzarella, and Montamore cheeses. Downright decadent, right? But that's not all. The pie is drizzeled with garlic aioli and black truffle oil. Seriously? Truffle oil? Goodness gracious alive.Luckily, there was no sucking of face scheduled for that evening, because the garlic breath just would. not. die. But it was a small price to pay for a top notch meal.
5	I went to Mellow Mushroom last night after receiving a Groupon for them. I've lived very near them for the last few years, but was never inclined to attend prior.I must say, I was very pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was decent, there was plenty of parking space, and the service was attentive. The prices were average and reasonable - similar to a Chilis or California Pizza Kitchen. I understand they have a Happy Hour, which would put all their appetizers half off, making their bruschetta and wings around $3.As far as the food taste and quality, I was really impressed. I'm not much of a pretzel fan, but theirs were probably the best I've ever had - I'm actually considering them again for lunch today. I'm also not the biggest fan of hot wings, but theirs were - again - delicious; they were super crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I also had the White Pizza, which utilized the same gooey delicious dough that was used for their pretzels. I've had many white pizzas in the past, and they're often dry due to the lack of red sauce - not Mellow Mushroom's White Pizza. It was loaded with cheese and sun dried tomatoes, and enticed me enough to eat well beyond the capacity of my stomach. I left Mellow Mushroom overstuffed and happy. I will absolutely be going back very, very soon.
3	I've been here several times within the last few years and the pizza had always been fabby. Why did I give this place 3 stars?Let's start with the hostess, she wasn't happy to be there, she didn't say hi, didn't  ask how many of us or if we'd ever been there before. I probably shouldn't assume that she could speak or hear. My bad.Next:  It's not clean. Never has been on  any previous visits nor was it clean today.I had to brush the crumbs off the table and the booth, but hooray, There was a bonus!!!  Attentive flies. Other customers were shoo'ing the flies away as well which caused the pesky flying maggots to congregate on the windows. I don't know about other people but I hate competing for my food with a fly.Give the pizza a try, it's worth it.
4	Half price Happy Hour- no wonder it's always packed in the bar area- attracting all the lovely milfs from Norterra and they huzzbins. As the name suggests, anything with mushrooms will make you mellow and be delicious, too. I am not the biggest fan of the pretzels. They're just not what I expect when pretzels come to mind- don't taste at all like the pretzels you get at a WaWa which is pretty much my baseline for pretzels. The hummus was excellent and so are the wings. The beer selection is really good and if you've never had Maui Coconut Porter in a can, don't sleep on it!If I lived closer, I'd make myself a regular.
5	Love this place! These people really know there stuff. Can answer any question my picky boyfriend has on beer!
1	We went here on a Saturday night and although it was busy, we were seated right away. I did ask the hostess for a high chair which she never brought. The server then came and took our drink orders and we had some questions about the menu. He was rude and not helpful at all. He didn't smile or even pretend to be good at his job. After he took our order, a soda was spilled at the table, it was all over the table, the floor and my husband. No one came to help us clean it up. We had to clean it with the few napkins that were on the table. The server finally came and took the dirty napkins off the table and wiped the table down however the floor NEVER got cleaned up. We had to sit with our legs up because the floor was covered in coke. On to the meal. We ordered Caesar salad which was generic and a BBQ chicken pizza  and pepperoni pizza. My daughters loved their pepperoni however my husband and I didn't enjoy the BBQ chicken pizza. It was cold and chewy. My youngest daughter had the kids macaroni and cheese which she loved but the plate was served piping hot. Why would you serve a kids meal (with a baby at the table) on a piping hot plate?!The kicker was the bill. There were 5 of us and the check was $65. I guess I wouldn't have minded if the meal and the service was good but I was completely unsatisfied with everything about this meal. I will not eat here again and would not recommend this place to friends.
5	Best pizza I've ever had! 50/50 Thai and buffalo chicken. Thai was amazing! Buffalo was still really good. Waitress Joanna was very informed and attentive! Good beer selection as well.
1	While visiting Phoenix for a long weekend, we ate here two days in a row. The first day started out very well with a lunch of the Kosmic Karma pizza - with the addition of sausage. Very good late night leftovers that night, as well! The next day, before our flight left, we stopped here for a quick lunch/dinner since we thought the food the day before was decent. My friend got the steak and cheese hoagie - while she proceeded to eat it - she found a hair! We pointed this out to the bartender (as we sat at the bar) and she just threw it away and brought us our bill. She never informed the cook or manager. She also did not take off the price of my friend's meal. In a restaurant setting - this is inappropriate! Will not return on my next visit to Phoenix...
4	We came as a family of 8 for our first trip and we were really happy with our night! The service was great. We sat on the patio because it was so nice outside, but unfortunately they do not have any lights outside so it was pretty dark. I mean, we had to use our phone flashlights to read the menu. Anyway, we ordered the mushroom pizza, the house and the bbq. The mushroom was soooo good and different! The other two were yummy but we especially enjoyed the mushroom! Only 4 stars because they need lights on the patio and the others two pizzas were about a 7/10.
5	This place is cool. It has a lot of craft beers. So that way you can go and tell all your friends you had a triple IPA with hops that are grown in a specific region of the world that has a northern exposure so you know they are good. Then your friends will judge you for sounding so pompous. Oh and the pizza is dope.
3	This restaurant is only about 2 miles from my home, so I have been there a few times. First of all, I think that the pizza is pretty good. It's not the best pizza that I've ever had, but the sauce is very tangy in the crust is excellent. That being said, I can never understand why I have to pay for each and every ingredient that goes into my salad. The bill is always quite pricey, as I can never get out of there without paying less then $40-$50 for two people. The restaurant is usually busy, so apparently a lot of people don't mind that the acoustics in the building make it so that you have to yell at each other across the table. It is quite loud. However, the outside dining patio is nice, but you have people in their cars pulling up right next to you and the last thing you want is to smell exhaust when you're trying to eat your pizza. All in all good things about this place. If you're wanting to try a different type of pizza, I would highly recommend this place. Just know that they're going to charge you for each and every tomato and cucumber you put in your salad.
3	Pizza and salad is good, but the service is average. Good place to hang out in evening just before after the movie!
5	The best pizza ever- the fun guy!  The spinach and artichoke dip is great, too! Half price drinks for happy hour.
3	The selection of beers are great just a little too expensive.  The pizza is probably as good as any other  pizzas you are likely to find around here. I go here because im tired of going to other places here locally.
5	Great times here! My wife and I love the happy hour, I ordered a Makers Mark double and it was half off! Insane how good the meatballs are, I really don't care for a fatty type of pizza but hey the taste is awesome. Service was relaxed just as the name is, been here more than a few times and I feel they deserve 5 stars with Mellow Mushrooms consistency with food and service. Just FYI they do not have a host past business hours but they will greet you in a fashionable time. Also the place gets packed due to the amazing specials so have common sense in knowing that there might be a wait to get seated. Besides that I think I will keep coming back.
5	I have yet  to eat anything there that hasn't been great. I am on a special diet now and the fact that they have gluten free with Vegan options was great. I know that doesn't sound good at all to 90% of the people reading this but it was actually still a really good pizza.
5	Place is awesome! The food is great! The drinks are strong! The staff is friendly and really nice. I had the thin crust pesto chicken pizza. I try not no eat that much pizza but this was delicious. I even licked my fingers. I highly recommend this place!
1	I've been here several times, but the last time I went I was extremely disappointed with the service AND food from mellow mushroom. Our waiter definitely appeared to hate their job, the pizza and pretzel was very greasy, he "mistakenly" gave me a $120 bill for a small pizza, two beers, and a pretzel. The food took forever, and usually I don't mind waiting if it turns out to be good. Lastly the busser was ridiculously rude and reached across the entire table to grab glasses during mid conversation. Long story short Im not going back.
3	Honestly not a bad place to get some pizza. The choices they have are nice and different and they are all delicious I've been here a few times the customer service is a little off and the seating for me was terrible twice the seats were not stable nor the table. Place is okay wouldn't consider it when in this area. Try Rays Pizza just across the street!
4	I love me so mellow reverse happy hour. All the beers are half off and they actually have quite a big selection.  Also their hand made pretzels are the best. As are most of their appetizers.  Additionally their cal zones are yummy I enjoy the make your own. As well their pizza is great. All around just a tasty place to go for when you want to change up your normal pizza routine.
5	Great food and so many vegetarian options!!! My husband had the twice cooked wings and a small pizza they were both fantastic!! I had the brucetta and a small cheese pizza, again absolutely fantastic!! The pizza is crispy on the bottom and just perfect everywhere else!! Also many great beers on tap and in the bottle that you can't get other places!!!
5	This place was great! Sat at bar and had bartenders pick my beer and food for me. I had a mixed beer, a peppermint bark and white chocolate ale. For food I had the maui wowi pizza. It was all delicious and the atmosphere and service was amazing. I will definitely return!
