5	I'm kowtowing to the corporate oppressor and I'm just going to say it:  I have never had a bagel as good as one from Einstein's.  I wish I could say some independent deli had some amazing bagels that are comparable nowhere else, but I can't.  In my limited scope, Einstein's wins.I'm a bagel purist.  I'll try all the different kinds, but a plain bagel with plain cream cheese will win with me every time and they do it best.  The bagels are slightly crispy yet chewy and the cream cheese is almost fluffy.  They are so good!  I love their asiago and garlic bagels as well, although my coworkers don't appreciate when I've had the latter as much as I do.Their sandwiches rule, too.  I really like almost anything on challah, and their grilled cheese panini is deeee-lish.Their salads, eh.  I'd stay away.  But, seriously, they don't advertise that that's what they do so I give them some leeway on that.I love Einstein's.  I can't help it.  I'll go buy a briefcase now.
4	The bagels are pure love. Lunch paninis are amazing too. They even have doggie bagels. How cute! You can also get a bucket of bagels for the office - make sure to get a schmear or two.
1	FROZEN BAGELS!!!!!Their "baker" comes in every morning at 4:45 and pulls the frozen bagels out of a box, puts them on several trays on a rack, and wheels the rack into the oven. This is not what real bagels taste like. Seriously, I'd rather eat Lender's from the grocery store. At least they're not posing as fresh.
3	I like the food. The atmosphere is... non existent. It's just a dinky place whose management must figure that college kids don't care about the environment they eat in.  The staff are always friendly and service has always been decent enough  (just slow to clean the tables sometimes is all), so my main complaint is I don't particularly like the design of the place.  And it's not even a major complaint since it hasn't stopped me from going back for a solo meal from time to time.
4	They have a pretty good deal for half a dozen bagels with cream cheese for $7 and some change. That's breakfast for 6 people for $1+ per person or two fat people like me. The bagels are soft and tasty. I do not know for sure if they are fresh because let's face it, this is not New York City. For a chain bagel shop. I give it four STARS.
2	I don't know why it took so long to get my order. Why it didn't come with anything on it, and why it tasted so bad. But it did. It was cheap though. So really I got what I paid for i guess.
4	I love bagels.  I happened to go into Einstein Bro's because I was in Vegas to party and had to go to the bank (which happened to be right next to the bagel shop).I sent a friend in to get me an Onion bagel and he came out with a Plain because he said the onion bagels weren't ready.  I thought to myself "they weren't ready, whatever!!"So i contently took a bite of my plain bagel and realized why the Onion bagels weren't ready...its because they bake their bagels FRESH DAILY!!The bagel that was consuming (like it was my last meal) was the best bagel I had ever had.  The crispyness of the edges (toasted) to the soft inside and covered with a generous amount of cream cheese! WOW!Need I say more.?I was so impressed ..that I woke up early the next morning to grab another bagel before I headed back to LA!  THATS HOW DAMN GOOD THEIR BAGELS ARE!!!!
4	When it comes to a bagel craving, or just a change in food venues from the drab stuff at school, I usually head across the street to Einstein Bros bagels. The lines are only really busy during the early morning rush and lunch. If you go between those times, you should be ok!Try a breakfast bagel if your there for breakfast. They are certainly my favorite.
3	Near airport. Across from UNLV campus. Friendly staff
5	I was never really introduced into the bagel world until I moved to the east coast. The cold, inclement weather would drive me home, whence i would enter the basement and peak into the pantry. Starving my ass off I would grab one of those bagels you'd buy at one of those wholesale stores, in packs of 50. I would devour the vaguely "fresh" raisin bagel and immediately head off to mop floors or start an MIT problem set that would be due the next day. These were the kind of bagels that kept me alive while I succumbed to the masochism of the Boston/Cambridge college life. The bagels I would eat after a horrendously brutal crew workout. The poor bagels earned a dark, treacherous connotation, a symbol of my entrance into the brutal nature of adult life.Freshmen year ended, and flew off to Las Vegas, NV to begin a fellowship at UNLV. Couldn't ask for a better job; great professors, new friends, cool dorm, and being surrounded by restaurants. However, waking up in the morning got no easier. Luckily, right across the street from campus, conveniently approached by a lighted crosswalk, lay Einstein Bros. The 1920s-ish fresco art looked familiar. Wait a second, this was the same shit they sold at the Costco in Somerville, in those wholesale bags!My first real experience with a fresh, wholesome bagel came in the form of a cinnamon raisin with a strawberry shmear. I expected the same crappy shit my fraternity would buy during those torturously long house meetings. But when I took the first bite, I was like "Oh my fucking god!" I was immediately enveloped in culinary estasy. The cream chesse melted in my mouth; the bagel was a heavenly assertion that I had met higher ends of life. It only got better. Honey almond wheat with an almond shmear. I wanted to freeze that point in time and live in happiness forever. Even better with the hazelnut coffee. Do not forget to come here on your debaucherous resort getaway to sin city. Good stuff.
3	If you're lookin for good bagels and yummy flavored stuff to smear all over it this is the place to be.It is also the only place I have ever been to that f**cks up my order EVERY TIME. Maybe it's because I always order to go, or I have bad timing; whatever the deal, I'm tired of it. I always tell myself that I'm not going back but their bagels (when they give you the right one) are good damn it. And so is the orange juice. I don't even like orange juice.
3	3.5for an egg sandwich bagel the prices are a tad steep. ~$4.50they are good but nothing special.the egg is really thing and the sandwich is a really small portion.but i liked my egg, cheddar, ham on jalapeno bagel.it wasn't too salty.the bagel was chewy, just the way i like it.
3	Meh... Bagels are alright, but not great.  They often end up feeling stale after toasted instead of crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside.  As others have stated, prices are pretty steep for what is offered.  I have tried the drip coffee twice, both times the "medium" roast more resembled muddy water than coffee, lacked flavor.  In a bind, a bagel and cream cheese from here is fine, keeps my stomach from growling, but if I had another option within a five minute walk of my office I'd take it.  Gets three stars because the customer service is usually quite friendly.  Food gets 2-stars.
2	I really love sandwiches and beagles, but this place has really ruined the thought of it for me.  Besides it being overpriced, the sandwiches are either overdressed with a spread or has too much veggies and not enough meat! Don't get me wrong I love veggies, but meat needs to balance out the flavor in my mouth.  I'm not a vegan for goodness sakes!
2	Arrrghh! Why do you constantly disappoint me Einstein's?! And why do I go back?I guess the answer to the first question lies in the fact that I go to Einstein's expecting to be treated like an individual ordering MY individual bagel, with MY individual tastes at least somewhat considered. The very first time I had Einstein's was at this location on Maryland Parkway, in fact, I've never been to another Einstein's, so my impression of this franchise is based solely off this one location. I have never ordered one of their bagel sandwiches. I have always ordered bagels with cream cheese, or as they like to refer to it "spread". The first time I ordered here I realized when they put cream cheese on a bagel they PUT CREAM CHEESE on a bagel. It's more cream cheese than bagel. Lesson learned - ask for less spread.I have been back multiple times and I have always asked for LESS SPREAD. Yet constantly my bagel comes to me smeared and over-loaded with spread. Maybe I'm asking too much? But come on! I believe once I ordered the bagel with the spread on the side. Now thank goodness, that's a good idea because then these over-zealous bagel ruiners don't get a chance to get their cream cheese explosion guns all over my poor little bagel. Now to answer question number two. Why do I go back? I guess it's because of the *bagels*. They have a great selection and the bagels themselves are delicious. I also enjoy the fact that you can order a coffee and go back to refill it as many times as you please. The fact that it is at least somewhat close to where I live is convenient for me. But... still, when a customer asks for less spread and I don't get it, that's unacceptable. There are three people working behind the counter typically. The person who takes the order should be able to communicate to the other employees what the customer wants. I suspect there may be a break-down in the communication here. Because if I ask for somethin specifically and the person taking the order even repeats it back to me correctly... what happened in between the time I placed the order and I received it?But I digress. Until I find a more convenient place to get my bagel fix on, Einstein's it is.
4	Great place to stop by in between classes. I'm a huge sucker for bagels and pretzels. I almost cried happy tears when I saw they had pretzel bagels. A combination from culinary heaven! Bagels aside, they've got good free Refill coffee, the people that work here are nice, and it's quick. If you're an avid bagel-er, theyve got punch cards for you.
5	Einstein brothers can never go wrong! Bagels are always delicious. I absolutely love the everything bagel and their selection of fruit cup and juices. I am especially a fan of their "buy a drink, get a snack free" deal that goes on at the end of their day. Wish it was 24 hrs!! Always a good service too. For a bagel place, I can't expect any more.
3	After a long dry run of not desiring bagels I was out and about this morning very early without having had anything to eat. By the time I got around to listening to my stomach talk to me for an hour I decided I better feed it and I decided on a bagel.Now, my first review of Einstein's was not very good because they tend to tick me off with the amount of spread they put on their bagels. It is also super corporatized and I feel like a "cog in the machine" when I get bagels here. But I digress - I keep coming back out of habit and probably laziness in finding a better bagel place.Today I was much happier with my meal. It was simple: regular coffee, jalapeno bagel (toasted), with plain spread on the side. My order came out fast, even though the line was long and the coffee was piping hot and good.Einstein's gets a kick up to A-OK for me. I'm not saying I'm a fan though.
4	5 minute walk from my office on campus.Low-calorie options that are filling!Super nice older gentleman behind the counter who is liberal with the compliments.  ;)Cookies.....Doesn't break the bank.Closes early on Fridays.  :(
4	I have never had a problem with the numerous amount of times I have been to Einsteins. It has been one of my life's food missions to discover the best Everything bagel. I like many varieties of bagels but the Everything bagel has always been on the top of my list and so far Einsteins has the best one. Besides their delicious bagels, they can make anything with them. Pizzas, sandwiches, breakfast sandwiches, etc. It is like bagel heaven. They also have great salads (chicken is not dry) and a variety of drinks. Their apple juice and lemonade is quite thirst quenching. The atmosphere is great and the overall staff there is pretty decent. And who does not enjoy a place where breakfast is served all day, but you can also get lunch as well as dinner because they are open late during the week and have non-breakfast items as well. Oh, and I almost forgot about the different smears they have for those who just like a good bagel with cream cheese, onion and chive, smoked salmon for you fish lovers, garlic herb, sun-dried tomato, and my favorite, strawberry. There are more I am sure, but those are the ones that kind of stand out. I love variety! Don't you?
2	Food is not bad. Service is lacking. Everytime I go, they always seem to be rushing me or they're just rude. It's close to campus and convenient though. It also opens earlier than most of the food places surrounding it.
3	Man, this place is strange to me. First of all, they have a ton of different kinds of bagels. Bagels with toppings, with things in them, in sandwich form... whatever. And they're all good, sure. AND they have like 20 different kinds of cream cheese. All Wins, right? So why is this place three stars? Price. It just doesn't make sense to me that I could order a regular bagel, a bagel that has stuff like a sandwich, and two drinks and spend $15. That seems pricey to me considering the food was good, but not $15 good. I'll probably come back to this place again, but it won't be my first choice for eating in the area.
4	I had a pepperoni pizza on a garlic bagel. Price is a little too much for what it is but it was pretty good. Its what you would expect from a pizza bagel. The potato dalad is the bessssst. Pretty light. And the chocolate chip cookies are good when soft... Make sure you get it from in the window, not the register because its old.
4	First off, I used to eat these bagels up all the time when I worked in a real estate office (you could never be your goal weight at a real estate office- and I worked at three of those offices), that is until I found out that each one was about 500 calories! So then, I'd just have half of one, and the other half at another time. These bagels are super soft (not hard like the supermarket brands). My favorite was the cranberry one; blueberry was my second choice.I had gotten two gift cards over Christmas (total of $20), and so we came here for lunch on sunday. I got the turkey panini (spinach, bacon, tomatoes with onion & chive shmear) and my husband got the turkey sandwich, everything bagel (sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, tomato with onion & chive shmear)- you can also customize these sandwiches to your liking (didn't know that when we ordered)- many different shmears and type of bread. My husband chose the cheddar sun chips as his side, while I chose an orange (also, apples are available). Both sandwiches were really good; yes, we split them. When my husband asked which one I liked better, I couldn't decide, I liked them both. (Check the site for nutritional information.) There's also egg sandwiches, snacks (similar to Starbucks), and coffee, oops, almost forgot about the many different bagels- classic bagels (plain, everything), bagel-thins (plain, everything, honey-wheat), signature bagels (blueberry, cranberry, sesame seed, cinnamon sugar, chocolate chip, etc.), gourmet bagels (power bagel, six cheese, dutch apple)- 24 types in these categories, bagel poppers, and bulk bagels (popular for offices). There were a lot of people dining in when we went inside, but when we were seated, the crowd diffused (popular place). You order it (right side), pay for it (left side), and take your seats; someone will bring it to you when it's ready (toasted and warmed). Coffee and drinks (free refills) are located to the left of the restaurant, facing UNLV and Maryland Parkway. Clean location. There were three people working here. Bathrooms are toward the other entrance/exit doors. Upon entering (to your right), there is an adjoining door to Wells Fargo Bank. This location has been here a while (located in an ever-changing strip mall); strategic placement across from the university ensures a steady customer base.
5	Best place for Bagels in Las Vegas.  Located across from the UNLV Student Union which not only creates a fun atmosphere, but also keeps the joint busy.  I enjoy meeting here with my employees for semi regular staff meetings.  Free wi-fi is a plus, but I usually have trouble connecting.I love the pretzel bagel.  Toasted pretzel bagel with regular smear (cream cheese) is enough for me.  There are many choices of bagels to choose from as well as cream cheese toppings.Einsteins has quality all you-can-drink coffee as well.  This location has two coffee competitors very close by, but neither of those other "coffee shops" offer such good food, specifically breakfast while keeping up with a great cup of joe.I would suggest not ordering the Chai Latte or any other specialty drink.  Keep it simple and enjoy the quality bottomless cup of coffee Einsteins offers with your bagel.
4	I love their bagel sandwiches here especially for breakfast.  Their coffee is to thin and I don't really care for it.  Their service is always very very nice.
1	Even though the food was...ok, I am giving it 1 start because of the terrible and rude service I received...on my birthday!! I ordered a turkey wrap, and I wanted the tortilla and the turkey to be warm, shouldn't be so difficult right? Well, what I got was a somewhat warm turkey and a cold tortilla. When I went to the girl who made my wrap she gave me the worse rude attitude ever. She actually raised up her voice and told me that if she warmed up the tortilla it would make the vegetables "disgusting" and then she walked away, he name was Krista. Krista must be the worse employee with no brains ever. It's not rocket science to warm up the turkey and tortilla, then add the cold vegetables after. I DO NOT recommend this place because of their horrible customer service. I had such a bad experience I felt the need to write to management, hopefully they do something about it because it is employees like Krista that give this restaurant a bad name.
3	While staying in Vegas, I woke up one morning to find that my bf had picked up bagels and caffeine for breakfast.  There were about 6 different varieties in the box - I sampled all of course - and thought they were all scrumptious.  The bagels were perfectly toasted; still soft and chewy, just how I like.  He also bought 3 tubs of schmear (cream cheese spread); reduced fat, strawberry, and honey almond.  The honey almond was by far both of our favorite.My usual fat-free latte was surprisingly pretty good.  He didn't comment on his coffee, so it must have been satisfactory.  :o)If you're looking for yummy bagels, I would definitely recommend this place.  I myself prefer spending superfluous amounts of calories on dessert.
3	After far too long spent in the post office across the car park from here bagels sounded like the perfect solution to ending the ever growing louder grumbles emanating from our stomachs.It was quiet inside but there were still a couple of people waiting around for their orders. There looked to be plenty on offer but the ever-trusty combination of bacon and egg won me over. My wife picked something else, but her being a vegetarian it did not have bacon in it and therefore was of no concern to me and I promptly forgot what it was. While ordering my eyes wandered over the assorted delicious looking treats on offer and without even thinking about it a container of pumpkin bagel poppers somehow ended up on the counter before me. The wait for our food seemed to be quite long, which I hoped meant that the bacon and egg going into my bagel, and shortly my stomach, was going to be fresh. Once we got our bagels they were quite delicious and filled the bagel-sized holes in our stomachs nicely. The pumpkin poppers were quite good too, a little sweet and sticky, but worthy of going back for more.I'll probably never be in the same area as here again, it's a little far to travel to the post office here again from Australia, but just in case that does happen I'll head back here for a quick bite.
3	Ok food. This location is not very clean. Dirty soda fountain, dirty bathrooms, dirty floors, the place needs a deep cleaning and a more detail oriented  staff
4	Einstein Bagels is always a stop for me when visiting Vegas. The staff was friendly and very quick to serve us. I rated this a 4 simply because I look so forward to it and felt the Everything Bagel was a bit light in the pants with regards to seasoning. I will definitely be back though, as they typically produce an incredible bagel.
5	I eat super healthy and this place has healthy options! I love the bagel thins and the turkey chili is amazing.
4	Einstein Bagels is a nice place to go and get a quick breakfast.  They have great bagels and sandwich's to choose from.  It was my first time coming to Einstein's.  The atmosphere was great and they had free Wi-Fi, also the staff that was working that morning where really friendly and helpful.  I had the southwest Turkey-Sausage Egg White sandwich and it was pretty good and spicy too.  If you are ever in Vegas and looking for a place to eat that is not to expansive you should head over to Einstein Bros.  It is just a couple of miles off the strip.
4	I love coming to Einstein Bros! I'm on the UNLV campus frequently, and I always tend to forget to eat in the morning, so I like to drop by Einstein's for bagels, coffee, or if I'm feeling really hungry a breakfast sandwich!Friendly staff and quick paced.In addition to a variety of bagels, they have lot's of cream cheeses to pick too! They have breakfast sandwiches which I have to say top McD's breakfast sandwiches anyday!When you order coffee its self serve. You get a cup and select what coffee you want from the side. This place is also a great place for a quick lunch or snack. If you're feeling down on fuel, do drop by Einstein's!
2	Omg.   It was like Tuna salad hold the tuna?? Lol.   I went here after class today.  I was never there before.  I ordered tuna on a toasted and scooped out bagel.   They did not toast my bagel and if I had not left my phone in the car ! I'd have taken a photo of my bagel that had a drop and I mean a drop of tuna on it!! I hope all their locations are NOT like this one.   Two people help you.  The cashier.  Nice guy and the sandwich maker who gives you no Tuna and seemed as if she was unhappy and did not want to be there.
4	How these people keep up with the volume they're expected to handle is beyond me, but they do it. Tasty, fresh bagels, good sandwiches - what else could you want for a Sunday morning breakfast?
4	I love their bagels and sandwiches. This place can be a hit and miss with service. They at times can be really slow, maybe some organizational training would help.
2	Bagels are wonderful if made properly, the girl with long brown hair is a B****they don't wash or use gloves after working with money,i've already called the health district on them, nvr will go back
4	I stayed at the hotel right next to Einstein Bros and had breakfast there everyday. My bagels were always delicious (I tried a different one everyday). They have the basics but also "gourmet" options as well. I was hoping to grab lunch there one day too, but we were never around for lunch. Their menu looks really good though!  My husband also said their coffee was "darn good" as advertised =)  Staff was prompt and friendly. I'd recommend this place.
1	Undercooked bagels?! Yes, they do. I consumed a bite and noticed my bagel wasn't cooked. Their site made lemonade tastes like they used tap water instead of purified filtered water. When I asked to return the items they made the process unpleasant and didn't apologize. Customer service and quality is lacking. Either they need to get it together or shut it down.I will never walk in these doors again.
4	Went in for breakfast at 8am and the line was out the door. They got our food pretty quickly so I can't complain. The only real negative is that the tables are right on top of one another and it got relatively loud. The food was yummy and I was told the coffee was good as well (but I didn't have any so I'll have to take everyone else's word for it). Love the new holiday flavors as well. Cinnamon Sugar Cream Cheese on an Apple Cinnamon Bagel was heavenly.
3	As a certified carb addict, bagels are tops in my book. In need of a quick lunch option, this place is good for the most part. Food was standard, but like most restaurants in the UNLV area, they get packed and are slow as molasses as far as service.
2	Some interesting characters who work here for sure. Just keep an eye out on how they prepare your order. If you stand on the left side (by the condiments) you'll have a decent view of this. I ordered two toasted bagels with cream cheese, orange juice and a coffee. Everything seemed fine and well prepared, except for the coffee. The coffee there was terrible! They're coffee pots sit where the condiments are, and all 4 or 5 of the pots (different blends) tasted like hot dish water. However, it looked like coffee, but then when you put cream in the cup, it turned into apple juice. That gives you the direct indication that who ever prepared the coffee, did not put enough coffee grounds in the filter. Not a big deal to just ask them to brew a new pot, but it becomes annoying and frustrating when you're in a hurry like I was. They receive a high volume of college kids every day since it's right across from UNLV. And because of the high volume, this explains that the quality of their items may slip from time to time. They're fault or not, just go to a different Einstein's for better coffee. Or better yet, Starbucks. (Always a good makeup)
1	Love Einsteins but do not love this location.  Employees are a bit scary and the food prep area appears dirty.  Won't come back.  Wish they could get some help.
1	Ok fuck this place. I ordered a lunch sandwich and underneath "lunch" on the menu, it says that all lunch orders come with a side of your choice. When I got back to my car I realized the kid behind the counter never asked me what side I wanted. So I went back in with my receipt and the kid told me it was a typo and it didn't come with a side but the asked his manager (a woman with a foreign accent) who was extremely rude to him yelling, "so what did you need? What are you asking me!?" And the kid simply asked her if I could just have the side figuring that's exactly what it says on the menu. The manager, piece of shit lady, then looks at me and asks me "what exactly I wanted!?" (Mind you she was extremely rude to me) which my response was to her was if I was inconveniencing her and all of the sudden she turned super nice but it was too late because she had already pushed me right into bitch mode from her being so rude not only to her employee but to me as well. I grabbed a bag of chips and stormed out. This was the worst experience ever to where I got into a yelling match at a manager. That lady is a straight up cunt and I'll never go back. I feel sorry for the employees there that have to deal with her on a daily basis. Will definitely be writing to corporate.
2	The bagels are okay, some are actually tasty.The "schmear" (flavored cream cheese) is way too sweat for me.The coffee is some of the worst I've ever drank.  Extremely watery, even the dark roast, tainted with stale flavors, and too expensive.Their sandwiches are overpriced; thin toppings and not very satisfying.And if it looks like you are walking towards UNLV, your car might get towed by the property owners (although I haven't seen this happen lately).They like to put "Darn Good" on everything but I just say "Darn".
1	My last trip and I do mean last trip to this Einstein's I was treated to several of the staff TWERKING around the place. And the ones who were not twerking were laughing like crazy. What has happened to this place
1	I'm not certain where to start but to state, what once was a good (not great) place for a coffee and a bagel has gone to put it mildly "to hell in a hand basket"!!!!  Several months ago the long time manager (Maria Horta) left.  When casually inquiring why she left and how she is doing, I have been provided answers from "fine" to "what do I care, she got fired here".  Extremely unprofessional to say the least and that came from the manager on duty.  The overall cleanliness of the establishment is deplorable most of the time.  The bagel selection especially after 11:00ish is suspect and the care in preparing your order is non-existent.  I have been frequenting this establishment for about five and a half years.  What drew me to this establishment originally and kept me coming back was selection, consistency and most importantly when you walked in you were greeted as you came in the door and over time began to feel a bit like family.  After watching the decline of quality and service over the past several weeks this is the straw that broke the proverbial "camel's back".  On my last visit I went in and ordered two things, a cinnamon sugar bagel toasted with nothing on it and a Dutch Apple bagel, toasted with honey almond cream cheese on it.  At the time I ordered it there was more staff behind the counter then there were customers in the store.  What I got was a cinnamon sugar bagel toasted WITH plain cream cheese on it and a Dutch Apple bagel toasted with garden veggie cream cheese on it.  Two items ordered, both wrong.  I took them back up, again explained my order and was assured that they would make new immediately.  They did, one correct and the other yet wrong (untoasted).  When I pointed it out to the manager (might have been a shift supervisor) she appeared to be upset with me over their failure to prepare my order as directed.  When did we become companies that feel that customers are interruptions to their day as opposed to the reason for their day?  Having owned four small business that employed over 70 people I am aware that the customer is not always right but at the end of the day they are the customer and have to be treated acccordingly.  If there were a lesser rating I would certainly give it in this instance.  Conversely Starbucks is delighted by this turn of events because myself as well as several other customers are now their customers not because of better quality, better pricing or better customer service rather as a result of the lack of these things at this Einstein location.
1	This place used to be customer friendly and the food pretty tasty.  Well, I don't know about the food anymore because the last few times I came in, I waited, and waited, and waited for someone, anyone to take an order.   The people who work here should all be drawing unemployment; GENERALIZING????  Yes, I am because it happens every damn time I walk in the place, they are either mopping, talking, or no one is around except for the cashier.  I don't have 10 minutes to waste standing around watching a menu and not getting any service.  The food is overpriced anyway, if it wasn't for UNLV and the poor starving students who have got to eat, this place would be closed.  And finally, it is filthy....no more wasting my time with Einstein's here.
1	I frequented this location approximately 3-4 times a week for almost five years.  It used to have the best manager and quick service.  The food used to be great and the orders accurate.  Now it is totally in shambles and I had to stop going in because I didn't have the time to wait for their slow, terrible service.  Not to mention the last half dozen times they were out of my flavor coffee.  Will not go to this location ever again, it is in a terrible state.
1	This is the worst Einstein's Bagel location of all time. If they were not a gateway for unlv, they would have died out long ago. Half the time they take the orders from the right, half the time from the left. Inevitably, wherever you're standing is wrong. If you're on the right, the person on the left will ignore you while the incredibly slow sandwich maker catches up so that when your order takes forever, it's your fault. (If you go straight to the left, it is inevitably not going-to-the-left time, and they will act like you are too dumb to read the sign that says Order Here on the right).When you put in your order, you must do it verrrry slowly or they will not be able to remember it while they're typing it into the system. After they make your order, be sure to check everything - especially if it's to go. My sandwich has 5 ingredients - one that I don't want - I have received it missing every different component that can be missed except for cream cheese and often with the thing I don't want.When your order is wrong, don't say anything. You are the problem, and they are happy to let you know in a very loud voice how much it's not their fault.I hate it when people say the neighborhood is going down because it's MY neighborhood and I love it, but after ten years with this Einstein's (undergrad, graduate, and teaching), I think it is. I used to work at Starbucks, I don't have crazy expectations for service industry employees, but yelling about customers being wrong is something to be done in the break room, not the lobby.
1	I've came here for the past year and a half thinking they would change but they don't . The man who took my order did everyone else's drink and asked me what I was waiting on. I literally waited ten minutes for a hot cup of water for me tea . It's every time I come here .. I'm always complaining how slow they are ... Other peoples food and drinks come out fast. Just never mine . I'm done trying to come to this one on campus , they either need a new staff or need more people on at once . I would rather wait in the long line at subway and Starbucks .
2	I stopped going to this Einsteins awhile ago but when I was hungry walking by it the other day I just stopped thinking I would give it another chance. Boy I was wrong. Same old Einsteins I always new. The service was terrible and they rushed everything. Next time I need to remember to stay clear of this place and hit up another Einsteins
1	Bad service and staff
5	One of the best einstein locations because the staff is really hard working and aim to please
5	Always a great place to grab a bagel and coffee before school at UNLV. Try the bagel turkey sandwich.
1	I have not been here for a couple of years,nothings changed.Lousy service.Employees have an attitude.Its dirty.The bagels aint great.Great Buns bagels make Einsteins look sick.
