5	I can finally say I have found the difference between poor, mediocre and great Mexican food.  Mercadito is by far the best Mexican I've had. The balance of spice, sweet and sour on all dishes were hands down phenomenal.
2	We waited a 1/2 hour;  there were empty tables, I guess reserved.  The service was great when we got the waiter, Xavier.  Food was good when the Chef got it right .  Dishes are small, they recommend appetizers.  If u are hungry do not go here.  Nice ambiance.
5	Viva Mercadito!  Great happy hour! great food and my favorite server Lainie! The margaritas were delicious.  Traditional margarita was a perfect blend. We had guacamole which was served with your choice of salsa. We chose the tomatillilo.  It was fresh and delicious.  We sampled some of the Happy Hour tacos.  The carnitas was sweet smokey heaven!  The swordfish was charred blackened and just the right amount of fish.  The deep fried Mahi was so fresh.   The patio is beautiful and faces Red Rock.   I can't wait to come back for dinner!
5	I've been anxiously waiting for Mercadito to open and it finally has!! Mercadito has some great offerings! From their multitude of draft and frozen cocktails to their tacos that are oh so original. They are currently only open for dinner but will be opening for lunch on the 7th of July and on July 21st for Brunch. They will serve brunch from 11:30am-3:00pm, Lunch hours will be 11:30am-4:00pm. Dinner starting at 4pm everyday. I sampled the pina and toreado guacamoles and both were fresh and fabulous! The toreado has a curry type flavor which an article by Seven recently stated it was Maggi. Yum! Definitely the umami taste they are hoping you will have. I also had a Carnitas de Puerco taco which is braised pork belly, seared til crispy on the outside and a fresh and crispy slaw. The sauce on this was so yummy!  As well as the Pollo taco...chicken, corn and avacado. What more can you ask for on a taco. NO hot sauce required. The flavors are definitely unique. On to the best part....cocktails!!! (We did not have beer but they have the usual suspects) The have the new fad of draft cocktails, we had the Cheeky Cheeky Boom Boom, sure to make you cheeky  with vodka and elderflower liqueur. Oh man! Just so good! We also had The Turista, tequila, grapefruit, cherries. The ingredients say there is Black Pepper Syrup and BBQ Bitters in this drink and I would not have ordered it thinking they would be too overwhelming....they were not and I didn't know that until I reviewed the menu. It was a great drink, the grapefruit wasn't too sour, nice light taste. The cherries in this drink really make it a treat. We had samplings of so many other cocktails, they were all good.  But my least favorite was the Pepino el Pyu, a frozen cocktail made with cucumber. It was strong! But that wasn't the down fall the down fall, for me, was the cucumber but that's a personal preferance. The salt rimmings on the glasses are all awesome too! Very creative flavors. The staff was super nice and friendly, very outgoing, The crowd enjoyed everything and I think most of us will be new regulars. Welcome to the neighborhood!
3	Good food. Cool atmosphere. Prices are high!! If you work in the hospitality industry go Tuesdays! 50% off or try their happy hour.
5	Amazing combination of flavors!I love the ambiance of this venue - modern chic!  They also blew out the back wall and created an open floor plan leading to an outdoor patio! It totally brightens up the place. The bar leads from the inside and continues outside. We sat at the outside bar area and even though it's HOT out, it was actually nice so we decided to continue dinner there as well.Try the following and you won't be disappointed (Mind you I didn't order any shellfish because of the boyfriend's allergy, so the list is small today):V-9 Cocktail - This is now on my top five cocktails I've ever had!Toreado Guacamole - My favorite (I think it might even be better than mine!)Tocino Guacamole (Bacon & Corn) - My 2nd favoriteCarne and Pancita tacos are equally delicious. We couldn't decide which were better!The Pancita tacos had pork belly sprinkled with CHICHARRON!When I go back next time, I will definitely try the short ribs and every single shellfish dish. So sit tight for an update!
1	We went with a couple of families. There was 13 of us and the bill came to $340 and it was family - style.  I got 3 small tacos,  mac ' n cheese, a tiny quesadilla that the kids wouldn't touch.  Go to Rubio's.  Go somewhere else.  This place is a huge rip-off.  I am still flabbergasted at the gall of this place to have the prices they have for the severing sizes that they provide.
4	Had early dinner on 7.3.14.  The place was surprisingly busy but was very well staffed. Got seated right away inside at a small table for the 2 of us. Service was really good. Got waters poured, server greeted us quickly and gave us the rundown of the restaurant. Ordered a couple draft beers and they were ice cold! :)The food is meant to be shared. I feel it is Tapas style with Mexican flare. Traditional style guacamole was excellent. Ordered a trio of salsas and they were very good as well. For the main course we had swordfish and ongo veggie tacos. You get 4 small street tacos per order. They were both extremely good and definitely different than a traditional style Mexican restaurant. A little pricey but the food atmosphere and service were all excellent. Also they did have happy hours prices and deals but you had to sit in the bar area.  The only negative was the tables were small and we sat very close to others. One side was a bench seat and the other a chair. We literally had conversations with both tables around us because it was like we were all eating together. :(
1	Was very disappointed with the service. We got sat at as first come first serve.  Sat at a 2 top table when there was clearly room for us (3). Then got kicked out cuz manager said we could not have 3 in area. Serious.....come on. Trying to support. But we can't when people act this way...
4	Food was great! Bigger tapas portions than firefly. Only things we didn't like we're the tortilla chips, they were too salty and the water tasted like tap water. Our server was very knowledgable, but not very friendly
2	Pretty disappointed in our experience here. Service was awful, server was unprepared and shouldn't have been on the floor in my opinion. Food was okay but desperately under seasoned (bring your own salt and pepper shakers). Best things we had were the plantains and the small mixed salad. Note to restaurant: I'm sure it's your spiel, but please remind staff it's not a good idea to offer "shots" to a guest who is 8 months pregnant.
5	Best Mexican in summerlin and possible in Vegas. Service, cocktails, food, atmosphere all top notch. Will be back next week. Happy hour great prices!
2	Ok... So if things come out one at a time...with the intention of sharing... Then let us know... 1 plate of tacos... 3 minutes... 2nd... 15 minutes....    then the price...Lets talk for a moment about value...     Tacos...   nothing else just tacos...salsa extra....chips extra.....    2 doors down at yard house 40% less costly for more and better food.   sat us in a table the size of elementary project table.... Not a fan.     Seriously with Yard House right next door and the price and value....  Maybe they just opened and this experience was a flook, but it would take some convincing to go back.    Dissapoining
2	Went there for lunch with my young daughter. Very disappointed! Small portions, large prices. Everything is ala carte including chips and salsa. There is no kids menu not any items on regular menu that are kid friendly, so don't take your kids. I ordered the shrimp tacos which came in a thick, spicy stew like sauce. They were horrible so I sent back and got carne asada tacos instead, which were fine but nothing special. Pretty sure that the positive reviews are coming from employees or someone with a vested interest in the restaurants survival so take those reviews with caution. If you're familiar with Red Rock then you know they've been undergoing a lot of changes recently in terms of restaurants and overall service most of them not for the better. This restaurant is no exception, which is too bad since RR in desperate need of a new hot restaurant. Cabo Wabo was better than this place.
4	Wow, they opened with a huge buzz and it has gotten bigger! Buuzzzzzz........First, it's mucho exciting to have a Mexican joint at Red Rock! And one with a patio, to boot.Agave and Dos Caminos, who both were located across the street recently, have been put to shame by Mercadito! Their signature fish tacos were very tasty, and the trio of guac and salsa made a great accompaniment! Tried the bacon guac, which is so good! Tacos are served 4 per order, and they encourage family style dining, but I'm not a fan of that. At happy hour, you can try 2 tacos for $5.50 or so and also partake in drink specials too!!!!!!The carne asada tacos were very good too, and we also had the Mexican corn appetizer, which I really enjoyed and used as a taco topper. You heard it here first. The lobster tostada was good, but the lobster flavor was a little lost in the seasoning. It's served cold, and a great treat on a hot evening! Now, drinks..........really impressed with the Guave margarita!!!Was one of the best margs ever! Fresh, flavorful and I got mine with the spicy salt garnish that elevates the presentation exponentially! We had the coconut and the chocolate flan for dessert, and that was a great ending to one of the best Mexican meals I've had in Vegas!Ole.
3	Mercadito is a fence sitterLocated inside Red Rock Casino, just about 50 yards from Yard house. Mercadito is a Mexican themed tapas restaurant that has come to Las Vegas from New York and Chicago. This is a fence sitter review, why you ask? Well when restaurants open there bounds to be a few hiccups along the way. When we walked in we were sat to a table promptly. Unfortunately the table we sat at was really made for people from the Hobbit. The layout of the business is quite nice and has an array of seating options, but to seat 2 guys who well over 6 foot at kiddie tables was a little strange. We were told though that the small tables will be changed in a few days.As for the menu, it has nice range of items to choose from. We went for the Guac and chips, Carne tacos and Pastor Tacos. All were pretty dam amazing! Absolutely something I can recommend. A few kinks here and there but for sure a place well worth visiting. I will also say for Mexican food it is a little pricey but kinda worth it.Overall Food: 4-5Drink: 4-5Service: 3-5Coming back: yes
1	After suffering the mediocrity of Agave, the terse life of Dos Caminos, and the overly authentic Toros, I was super excited to dine here.Unfortunately I won't get the chance Due to a 'private event' booking the whole restaurant on a Tuesday after work. Nothing like spending millions on renovations and not letting locals access it. Thanks Mercadito, we're off to a great start.
2	Went here for lunch with high hopes. Happy to report the management, service and kitchen staff were models of efficiency and quite personable...however, the food was just plain disappointing. I don't mind paying more for high quality food with bold flavor, but what we were served was an epic fail.Ordered guacamole as an appetizer...it was bland and chopped way too chunky. Chips were fine. We shared Carne tacos and a Polo torte...both were utterly unremarkable. I don't understand what all the hype is about (or what justifies four bucks for a soda with your lunch). Zero desire to return.
2	Expensive and generic.  After ordering our server informed us "since this is family style dining, each item will come out when its ready."   Looking around the room, I saw a lot of awkward tables where one person would have a plate of food, and the other people at the table had nothing.  It was also quite amusing to see a plate of four tacos placed on a table of 5 clearly hungry adults.  Their next dish came about 5 minutes later.  Focus seems to be on these taco plates which are $14.50 and comes with 4 tacos (all of the same type), which we were told were "perfect for sharing".   11 different kinds of tacos on the menu, but when ordering the plate, you're restricted to order 4 of the same. The food was very pedestrian, but what do you expect from a Mexican joint with locations only in Chicago and New York?Manager gave us a "service industry card" to come back and try them again for 50% off on service industry night.  Might give it a second shot if we are around during that time, but will not make a special trip.
5	Obsessed with this place. The bacon guac is amazing. The trio of corn pico de gallo is sooo delicious! Pork belly tacos are out of this world. The mushroom tacos weren't my favorite. They offer bibb lettuce instead of tortillas for the tacos, which is great for the health conscious! Drinks are fab! Had the pineapple cilantro marg, and the passion fruit with heat. Best part:: if you work in the industry and go after 10 pm, everything is 50% off!!!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised, the food is really good! I had the Pastor tacos and they were excellent....lots of flavor with a citrus salsa, yum!  My husband has the Carne Asada Large Plate and it was also fantastic!  We started off with the queso...which is very good, but the size is laughable for the price. (The "skillet" could fit just one egg and that is what they serve the queso in.  It is basically a portion for one person, stretched to share for two people, but $10 is a bit high for that tad bit of cheese.)  They state in the beginning of dinner that everything is sharable so you assume large portions.  This is NOT the case. Unless you have a very small appetite, there is not much sharing that we were able to do.  The prices are definitely on the high side for the portion size, but the flavors were worth it as everything tasted good.  The only "negatives" which are more annoying than negative, are:  1) It can get quite loud as the bar noise takes over the dining room and 2) I realize they were trying to maximize the small space, but the little two-seater tables are quite small so you really hope to have good "neighbors" as your fellow diners.  I wish the seating area was different but definitely worth the try to this restaurant.  The food will be worth it! Make a reservation or you will be waiting a long time!
4	I read some bad reviews before going here so I was a little nervous,  but I really wanted to try this place so I went anyways... and I'm really glad I did because I loved it! I will definitely be going back! The food and drinks we tried were amazing and very decently priced! About $9 for a margarita,  $14 for a plate of 4 street tacos, $5.50 for a large side of fried plantains,  and about $9 for chips and guacamole (that one was a little pricey!).  My friend and I split every thing and ended the evening at about $30 each... really not bad for a nice dinner out in Vegas!  The only thing I didn't like is that the consider themselves to be family style dining so they bring each dish out as its ready instead of bringing everything together. .. so my tacos came out 5 minutes after my friends. I highly recommend the mango Chipotle guacamole... it's got a unique sweet and smokey flavor that I loved. and the Pastor tacos... roasted pork with grilled pineapple,  yum! Since they are very new i also highly recommend you make a reservation!  I did and we were seated immediately but on a Friday night there were a lot of people waiting
2	Me and a friend ate lunch here... The food was good when it finally came out! Our waiter was consistent on us ordering smaller portions and taco... Our entree took about 40mins to come out... I talk to a manager "Oliver" that was extremely rude, he was giving us attitude and seamed like he wasn't happy to be there.... The staff was being reprimanded by him after the incident! extremely unprofessional the food was great! But this manager made everything uncomfortable.
5	Love love love Mercadito! I used to frequent the Miami location and was thrilled when they opened in summerlin. The food was amazing. Great guacamole and chips. I loved the carne asada tacos and the desert. Can't remember the name of the desert but it was amazing. The service was great. My husband left a good tip because he was do pleased with the constant attention. We'll be coming back over and over again.
5	Great spot!If your looking for a plate of Mexican food covered in cheese and messiness...this is not for you!Mercadito is an upscale tapas style Mexican restaurant. We went for couples date night (yes guys it's us!!) and damn near drank them out of tequila and shut the place down! Fish tacos...chicken tacos...shrimp tacos...beef tacos...pork tacos...so good they come 4 small tacos to an order so you can all try one. We also started with nachos...great flavor and presentation...not too messy looking! Only think I don't like is you have to order chips and salad separately (my opinion)We also had rice and beans...Mac and cheese and Mexican corn...all food delivered with a bang. From the managers to the waitstaff and bartenders we got A+ service. We were 2 couple with kids in kids quest ( yes you know who we are) and we got a little rowdy and has a little too much fun but i think  we made up for it with our spending!Can't wait to go back! New favorite date night couple spot! Well done Mercadito!
3	Good service, nice patio atmosphere, generous portions, excellent drinks. I would recommend the fish tacos and the house margarita, but skip the ceviche.
5	Have no idea why this place is getting bad reviews. Great drinks, great tacos, and service (besides the hostesses) was wonderful. So many tacos to choose from, and even the mixed greens salad was yummy. Great addition to red rock.
4	On this visit we stopped in for drinks only.... we sat at the patio bar, and tried the auntie ox and smokey Pablo- both very outstanding drinks! Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back and try the food!
4	I think the best way to think of this place is like Mexican Tapas. All portions are a few pieces or bites of each item. Dishes arrive as they are prepared. It makes for a great grazing meal and most will find they can fill up on far less because of the pauses between dishes. Great food and overall not too pricey. Our meals ended up running about $25 each, including an alcoholic beverage. While not an issue for me, the chief complaint my party had was the noise level. My parents are older and have trouble separating out noises in a loud place. This is not the place to go if you want to have a "quiet dinner."All told, I will definitely return! :-)
5	The food here is amazing. The guacamole with bacon was fabulous. The tacos were really great! I had carne and swordfish. Also tried the lobster tostadas which were just ok... The cocktails were amazing though. My only complaint is that this restaurant gets incredibly loud when it's busy, but I didn't think that was worth taking away a star. Oh and keep in mind this may be Mexican food but don't expect cheap tacos, they're $15 for 4, but very delicious. Highly recommended to try this place!
2	Far less stellar than their claims of offering the best thing from Mexico since salma Hayek. Both fish tacos (grilled and fried) were unappealing. The steak, dry. The service was not friendly or welcoming even from the management. All of the salsas are small at $2.50 each (enough for just two people at best) and none of them are spicy according to our server. The three tacos on the plate at $11.50 a plate felt like a ripoff because they were so tiny. The side of rice and beans had no Mexican flavors whatsoever and were very bland. Sorry, we won't be back. And if anyone would have asked us how our meal was at any point through our meal, they very well could have won our business back by showing some care and concern. But they didn't, so we are good, we'll make Mexican food at home.
5	This place is amazing food is super good and made to share so if you go by yourself like I did it's easy to make friends and enjoy other around you. I recommend the shrimp enchiladas, tacos and the fried plantain. If you sit at the bat ask for Malerie and let her create you a cocktail.  This is a place you need to try great decor, service and food
2	Slow, indifferent and arrogant bar service on a slow afternoon. Food was not bad, maybe four stars, but the experience was totally marred by the service. Not worth the $75 dollar tab. I would normally leave $15 dollars on that tab, not today.
3	Heard a lot of hype about this place, so I gave it a try. The ambiance was nice and upscale, the waiters and waitress were all very nice, they always had a smile on there face. But now to the food, like the other reviews said its like a Mexican tapas, which can get expensive real quick. I ordered all 3 guacamole's that they offer and all of them were good but nothing that blew my mind.  Ordered the asada tacos and I thought they were just alright.. The asada chunks were to big for my taste..I also ordered the pastor tacos... Now those were pretty good. I really wanted some carnitas, but they did not offer that, so hopefully in the future they do.  All in all I was expecting more from all the hype I have been hearing... I will come back for sure, but I wish I found my go to Mexican restaurant, but I did not. The search continues...
3	The Pancita taco is outrageously awesome. Order it during Happy Hour (after 9PM) and get 2 tacos for $5.50. The Carne taco also great - tender and savory, almost Lengua-like.The Camaron (shrimp) taco is slathered in what they call "Chipotle Mojo" sauce which is an orange-colored, Sunday sauce-like (but Mexican) curry-like concoction. It also makes an appearance on their nacho plates. The repurposing of this sauce on multiple menu items is questionable, and something about the look of it is a little off-putting. On the shrimp taco it completely shrouds the ingredients in an opaque orange layer. Close your eyes and it tastes alright, but the overall visual is somewhat IKEA-cafeteria-like. All tacos are served on skinny, rectangular plates, so aim your taco droppings well or you'll be saying "Chipotle Uh-oh" on yer pants.The nachos have potential - served on a hot metal vessel atop a wooden plank. But I wish the nachos were made with 3X more warm hockey-game queso, like the famed Isla Nachos of pre-2013 Treasure Island days... Nacho Daddy is the closest you'll find these days.Mercadito's Habanero salsa and other salsas on the side will be charged for to the tune of $3.50+, so heat-seekers be warned. The Habanero salsa itself lacks punch - probably the weakest Habanero heat I've experienced since the Habanero salsa craze started. Absolutely no comparison to the *free* secret Habanero served at Javier's.I'm a fan of the Mexican cocktail menu. The 'Misty Sleeve' was hibiscus-y and refreshing. At $10.50 though, it's all the money. A solid, standard Margarita will set you back $8.50. Not terribly pricey, but not five bucks.Enjoyed the warm 3-corn pico, but was hard to eat in a shallow glass bowl. Keeping the kernels from flying off the edge was challenging.Currently running a pretty slangin' deal on Tuesdays for 'industry folk': 50% off your check!Prices are generally above-average for average Mexican fare. This place is trying to compete with the likes of Javier's (at Aria) but lacks the generous portions, go-for-it flavors, and beautiful plating/presentation. If you're gonna charge 5X-6X more than a taco stand, your food needs to please your palate at least 2X more. That's weird going-out-to-eat math, but ni modo!
2	We had such high hopes for this place. 1st it was taking over one of our favorite burger & bloody mary places in Vegas, LBS so I guess the expectation was high. We went on July 4th afternoon. we got there about 5 minutes to 4pm where we were told in a very terse voice that "We don't open until 4pm" - no offer of you can wait etc but being the rude NYC transplant I am, I plopped my arse down on one of their hobbit sized chairs and waited. Ok 1st lets just say.. you are leasing space in a prime spot in a very busy casino and it's on a holiday - perhaps you should look at your market - and not stick to rules that apply to cities that are 10x the size of your local market. In NYC & Chicago maybe you can open for 6 hours a day and make your rent - but in Vegas that is a 24/7 tourist town where you are in a LOCALS casino.. perhaps you need to adjust for that. We were finally seated at 401pm. after some discussion between the staff of who to give us to.. You'd think they'd never viewed a 6'8" tall person and a 5'8" fat person before. Finally we were seated and our very peppy (and nice) waitress told us they were new & they served family style like a tapas bar. that confused me. family style is usually giant bowls/platters of food shared among all parties & tapas is small plates of food which your order many to share or not. oh and 3 times with the "we're new and just opened" - kewl. No problem with that. we know - we've seen the hype. Drinks: cocktails: we ordered Bloody mary's. pretty standard for any stocked bar. Nope. not one. not even any tomato juice to fake one. reason? "We're new" - so we ordered one of their shots of mescal & a glass of sangria. the shot was fine - the sangria was a mix of odd flavors none of which were to be associated with any sangria i've ever experienced in the 40 years I've been imbibing. & that would be ok if it was drinkable. so I McGuyvered my own. I ordered a shot of vodka and an empty glass, 2 orders of their roja salsa - grabbed the lime from the sangria and wallah a Bloody mary. Food: Corn on the cob: delicious. Salsas: very good especially their salsa verde, nice full flavor with the roasted tomitilloes shining through the right amount of spice. 2 orders of tacos in lettuce cups (nice option since they don't have 1 flour tortilla in the place) carne - tender meat and nicely spiced. pastor: dry. Chicken enchiladas: it's been 12 days and actually I don't even remember how they tasted so it must not have made an impression. Service: Other than the major discussion at 355-401pm over us - btw - we could hear you, ladies - our service was ok. nothing special. I guess because they were new. LOL The manager came over and looked quizzically at my McGuyvered Bloody mary glass so I explained my situation. I'm pretty sure they overstaffed since they were new. and he took the sangria off my bill. Total bill with 2 shots: 90.00 + 20% tip. Now for what you've been waiting for and why it's only 2 stars. the hobbit chairs are hella uncomfortable for a person over 6' tall. yes they have bench seating but humpy so not much better. no bloody marys is a personal choice. Hours of operationthe stage whispered discussion when we arrived 5 minutes early (and in my defense their door was open and there were people milling about.. did i know it wasn't open? no i didn't. did i know the milling people were actually staff? no i didn't. sorry we interrupted your party) This is "mexican" food as envisioned by Victoria Beckham or maybe even Selma Hayek as touted on their website (which btw has NO hours listed) - and if that is your preference, this is a great place to be seen eating and sipping chic drinks. it is not a place for people who are fans of street food straight off the back streets of Mazatlan sans the expended bullets or those who think authentic mex is what you get at Taco bell.
5	Food was amazing!!!!!!We ordered both the swordfish tacos and the wild mushroom tacos. Awesome that they were on corn tortillas (fresh baked in-house) so my glten-free husband could indulge.i also got the fried plantains and they were perfect!I'll be back soon!
1	I have traveled in Mexico and there is nothing  authentic about platanos with ginger dressing or drinks made of obscure ingredients.  They translate Mexican cuisine to mean add upscale sounfing ingredients into staples and ruin it.
4	A tradition at my job--of course only with co-workers that we LIKE--is to take the retiree or co-worker who's changing shifts to a celebratory lunch!  While we were mulling over our restaurant choices, Mercadito's was suggested! Mercadito's is an award winning restaurant that comes to the Red Rock Resort and Casino from Chicago-it's won quite a few awards including Zagat & this is their first venture in Las Vegas.  Even thou it opened it's doors the end of June, the official opening was over the Fourth of July & our event was planned for the following Friday, July 11th-humm, a new place in a casino on a friday?!? PERFECT!  Now, I need to say that there were nine of us (we are never really sure how many will show up-which makes it VERY difficult to make reservations-one time only three appeared--how embarrassing!) Ok, back to the review--The restaurant is open for lunch and dinner & offers an industry day as well as Happy Hour-since lunch seating starts at 11:30am, we arrived a little early. As the hostess unlocked the door, we were waiting & went right in--she inquired about our reservation--NO, so sorry, we didn't have one! Would she turn us away? Did it matter? After a little whispering and a few minutes, we were seated. They pushed three tables together so all nine of us could sit together. YEAH! Since we had never been to Mercadito's & we weren't sure what to expect, we did what any uneducated patron would do-we put our food choices into our server's hands-what did he recommend? OF course we had to try some salsa--we ordered the rojo salsa suggested by Brian-YUMM! It was a CREAMY salsa with fresh tomatoes, garlic, & onions and it came with the BEST tortilla chips that I've ever tasted! I swear, the chips were perfect-crispy, with just the right amount of salt-I really could've sat & consumed basket after basket of chips! The drinks-expecially the margaritas-were just the right size & prepared with top shelf tequila! The lunch entrees were served family style--NOT family size! In other words, I ordered the pollo tacos, one of my co-workers ordered the blackened swordfish tacos, & another ordered the crispy magi-mahi tacos & we shared--that way we each had the opportunity to taste all three! They were excellent! One of my other co-worker ordered the carne tacos & liked them SO MUCH that he ordered a second plate to take home for dinner! Beans & rice are available but they DON'T come with the lunch-I found that they weren't necessary anyway-three tacos and the chips & salsa were more than enough. They also offer tortas- a tasty mexican sandwich that's available with your choice of either a side salad or fries-fries like I've NEVER tasted before-delicious lemon lime fries. I actually would've been thrilled to simply sit & eat tortilla chips & lemon-lime fries! When we were finished, (I swear I saw one co-worker licking his plate!) each & every one of us were so stuffed that there wasn't any room for dessert--Oh NO, that means that we'll have to go back!  Do I recommend this restaurant? DEFINITELY! will I visit again? OF COURSE! Yes, the food was a little pricey but, NOT outrageously so! If you want tacos for a BUCK, you go to Taco Bell--however, keep in mind-you get what you pay for-but, if you want an excellent taco in a trendy NEW establishment, check out "MERCADITO's"--you won't regret it!
3	Once again Yelp needs a half star rating because giving Mercadito a four is too high and a three is too low. I came here for industry night which offers 50% off the whole menu to business people in a variety of industries. It's a great way to give people in the industry who live near the strip a reason to venture out to the Red Rock area. When I walked up to Mercadito I was greeted by Jen the Marketing Manager. She was very personable and helpful. My friend and I ended up sitting at the bar outside because the inside of the restaurant was completely booked until hours later. I told the women working at the bar multiple times that when she had a chance I would like to get started with some appetizers. She took many drink orders from other people before taking my order. I ordered the mango guacamole with chile de arbol to start. It came out quickly and I appreciated seeing a different take on the traditional guacamole. The mango and chipotle went well together. For my main dish I ordered the carne asada plate. The epazote paired with the oregano gave the skirt steak a strong and salty flavor. Under the steak was a watercress-jicama slaw. The biter tang of the watercress and sweetness of the jicama slightly counterbalanced the saltiness of the steak but it was not enough. The decor is nice but the food needs some work.
5	Ate here last night with family that was visiting and it was delicious! We had the traditional guacamole, trio of salsas, pastor tacos, pancita tacos, chile relleno, coconut flan and the spiced chocolate cake. Everything was amazing! It is served traditional tapas style so the food comes out as it is ready and that was fine by us. We will definitely be returning here.
5	By far the best Mexican food here in Vegas !!! The taco (pastor/carne meat was well marinated) I will definitely be a regular here !!
3	Came for lunch and was given the dinner menu which was really interesting but it was replaced by the lunch menu. We sat inside looking out over the patio. We ordered 2 drinks-Agua Fresca pineapple-ginger 'where's the ginger'? and a margarita - good enough to order a second. Then we ordered traditional guacamole to start, chips great guacamole bland and an icky color like it had been made way earlier. Then we ordered two Taco plates..one Carne and one hongos (mushroom) delish. Three corn pico de gallo - good concept could be tastier and last but not least Corn Mesa Quesadillas good. We'll be back to try the dinner menu and maybe improve the rating. Loud 80's music playing. Friendly knowledgeable staff. My fav the William Sonoma type towel napkins (5 stars) side note: no flour tortillas only freshly made corn..yea!
2	Popped in to check out the happy hour specials.  The drink was pretty good, pineapple and tequila.  The guacamole and fresh chips were great too but the bartender sucked.  Super unfriendly, uninterested and a total dud.  The HH specials are nothing special, not cheap.  Very limited menu items.  Super disappointing.  Too bad because location is prime and it's a pretty space.
2	Was excited to see Mexican food back at Red Rock. Went early evening and sat at the bar. The decor is nice as is the patio. Sat in the bar but the music was deafening. Ordered a  a regular margarita. It came in the smallest glass, was ok but way too sweet. When I asked our server she agreed but said they were all too sweet. No chips and salsa unless you pay for it. Ordered some guacamole, it was the best part of the meal but small portion with a tiny side of chips. The plates were 5" x 5" barely big enough to put anything on. Shared the shrimp enchiladas which came on a regular sized plate, but when asked for another larger plate was told by our server she wasn't supposed to give out any larger plates but would since they weren't too busy. Those tiny plates couldn't hold anything but a couple of chips. Way pricey with tiny portions and plates. Gave it a try but won't be back.
2	We were three celebrating a birthday and ordered at least eight or nine items to share. Each time the server came over with a dish they stood there trying to figure out where to put it. Only Margaritas on ice, not blended. My Chardonnay was tepid. The glass was dirty and sticky. Not remarkable especially with alarms going off three times and someone whistling like they were hailing a cab.Not a great evening out. We could barely understand our server, Paola, who was not very helpful in making choices. My advice is to read the menu before you arrive so that you know the ingredients and what appeals to you. I would not order the chili relleno again but the flautas were great. The carne tacos were full of fat and not pleasant.Don't think we shall be returning, especially due to the noise level.
1	Original location is in Chicago. I haven't been. Also, New York, and now Las Vegas. Oh, and in case you are in Chicago and can't find the original, they built two (2). I am confident in your navigation. Good luck. I am done with the Las Vegas location.
1	Food it's either salty or plain not flavor  the place is great the drinks awesome but the food it's iced cold .. not joke I don't see difrent from Roberts tacos lol
5	Just what Red Rock and Summerlin needed!  Awesome food and outstanding cocktails. True Mexican flavors,not tex-mex, is a small plate format. It is refreshing to be able to go out with friends and have a well rounded experience. Instead of ordering a dish and wishing you got something else. Order a bunch and let your taste buds enjoy. The venue is beautiful and festive with a patio to boot. I went at 4:30 and it was packed. Seeing that they opened at 4:00 that is awesome!  Also, they take care of industry people, a nice touch that the strip has tossed to the wayside now that the economy is "healing". Locals I recommend going, you will enjoy.
4	Nothing but good things to say, food Is good, drinks are good, music is good and so is the atmosphere.  It's the new late night spot in summerlin for sure. Tables and chairs are different and you sit awkwardly. But if that's the only negative, who cares. Only people giving bad reviews are old people. This place doesn't cater to the seniors which is amazing since Red Rock is packed full of cheap old farts.Half off all drinks and food after 10. Game on Mercadito
5	Absolutely delicious! I can't wait to come back. The food was amazing and fresh. Try the bacon guacamole & the coconut plan!
2	Very disappointed You pay for chips & salsa, select from five choices ( you get couple tsp of each, not much). Very limited Menu selection & they were out of entree we wanted! Only corn shells avail no flour. We didn't eat have the Bracheto entree not very good! We did enjoy the Nacho's & service was good! We won't be back
2	The only reason I'm giving this place more than one star is because the chips and salsa were appetizing! Downside though is that you have to pay for them unlike most Mexican restaurants that serve them complimentary! The three types of salsas were tasteful but I would've like to have more so I could actually dip my chips in them. Enough of the chips and salsa though...on to the service and food. I sat at a table that was part booth part chairs, I sat on the chair side. When the waiter arrived he popped up right by my shoulder that I was afraid to turn and talk to him since he was so close to my face! He was pretty creepy the rest of the meal too not just when ordering. I ordered the flautas and my friend got tacos. She said her tacos were mediocre and my flautas were also not anything special. I was however disappointed that when I specifically said no cheese multiple times it of course showed up with cheese on top. I hate being one to return food but due to religious reasons I absolutely could not have cheese and I was specific about it when I returned the food. Not long after they returned with my food and the plate clearly had the cheese scraped off because there were still remnants of cheese on the plate. I was so irked and my friend was waiting for me to eat that I just didn't want to send my plate back again. I sucked it up and ate around the small remnants of cheese. I will not be back though! They should be ashamed of themselves for not taking a religious dietary restriction more seriously! I would only go back to enjoy some chips and salsa and some drinks out on the patio even though the service wasn't that great.
3	The Skinny: came in for their Taco Tuesday - the food is okay - a bit pretentious and needs an editing hand (3) Service: despite a few seating snafus, the service was pretty prompt. (3) Value: pricey for what it is, we might hit it again but not at full menu prices (3).We dropped by after work to take in their Taco Tuesday promotion. This is 2 of their street sized tacos for $5.50 after 9 pm. Bar only.So we check in with the hostess and she gestures that we could seat ourselves in the bar area. We score an elevated bar table for the two of us and we wait to get service.Then we see the hostess/server milling around us, looking at us funny. Finally the hostess approaches us and asks us to move from our spot."Isn't it first come first serve?""Yeah, well normally it is but another couple has been waiting for this spot to be vacated and cleaned. They were sitting at the bar."She apologized and moved us to a table in the dining room, assuring us that Taco Tuesday still applied for us. As soon as our server came, he told us that it didn't apply to the dining room however he would have to check with his supervisor to see if it was okay. In the end,he couldn't find his supervisor but gave us the discount anyway which was cool.We appreciated our server's brisk and energetic service. Never were our water glasses empty and the food came out prompty except for our last set of tacos.So we tried 5 different types of street tacos: their mahi mahi fish tacos, carne tacos, al pastor, wild mushroom and their pancitas tacos.If there is key criticism of the tacos we ate, it's the overall muddled flavors in all of the food. I would say that most of the tacos had just too many different competing flavors going on to truly make an exceptional dish. Overall, we liked their al pastor the least. Their rendition of the al pastor was overly sauced and it lacked that meat roasted on a stick smokiness that makes al pastor so good. The carne tacos were solid - like the watercress jicama combination on top. My only issues were the watercress jicama overwhelmed the carne a bit too much. The mahi mahi was good but the fried mahi mahi's crispy coating went soft too quickly and could use extra time in the fryer. The pancita tacos were okay - digged the interesting texture of the chicharron but didn't like the overly fatty pieces of pork belly. The hongos, I thought, was the best dish of the night with the umami hit of mushroom matching well the the tomato sofrito.In general, the food is largely okay and quite pricey considering the level of cuisine here. I am undecided on whether to return here - if I do, there would need to be a discount involved. 3-starred review.
5	This place is amazing! The good was delicious and different. So are the drinks. I went with a friend who was visiting Vegas, and she wanted to come back to this restaurant the next time she's in Vegas. The hospitality was amazing. The hostesses and waitresses were all very welcoming and polite. Especially miss Christina who works at the host stand. Her hospitality was extremely off the chart in the positive direction. The atmosphere of this restaurant is very relaxing. Overall, if you haven't tried this restaurant yet, do so!
5	I came just to visit a friend that works here but OMG wow. I ate so much! Apparently the shrimp tacos won some Vegas award for best taco so I had to try them. They were very simple and had a spicy garlic sauce that I loved. Get the guacamole sampler for sure! The drinks are VERY strong so be careful! I'm a seasoned drinker and I got pretty buzzed off one drink.
4	Had dinner here last night and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.The restaurant was busy so it was a good thing we made a reservation.We  ordered:Traditional Guacamole, Mixto Ceviche and Carne Asada NachosGuacamole was great.  A little small on the portion size but very tasty.The Carne Asada nachos were great!!  Very tasty with nice portions of carne asada and other tasty toppings.The Mixto Ceviche was okay.  Not the best and definitely not the best. Next time I'll skip this dish and try something else.After the apps we ordered several different types of tacos.  Pollo Tacos.. AMAZING!!!  Nice topping of corn and avocado salsa.  A definite must.Carne Asada Tacos were also great!!  Came topped with some nice fresh watercress.  Not a typical topping for tacos but a nice compliment.Camarones came in a great sauce.  You wanted to make sure to not lose a drop.Pastor Tacos were my least favorite but I'm not a huge pineapple fan.  The pork was flavored great.Mexican Corn...  make sure to order this side dish. It's messy but totally worth it!!As for cocktails we had regular margarita, strawberry margarita, red sangria and some beers.  Great night...  looking forward to going back.
2	The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because our server was amazing (William) and the food was delicious. We made a reservation for 6:15 and check into the restaurant at 6. The hostess tells us it will just be a couple minutes until we are seated... Well 6:30 rolls around and we still weren't seated. Then a hostess tells us that it will just be a couple more minutes as they are waiting on a wheel chair for a guest at the table we will be sitting at. We see the wheel chair come in and go to a table... But not the table we got sat at. Nooooooo they gave our table away and proceeded to sit us at a table that was made for 3 at most (we had a party of 4). We are crammed in this table and pissed off considering we waited about 40 minutes. When we complained about the table the manager LIES to us and says that the table is made for 4 people. Clearly it's not, in the rest of the restaurant they have 2 people sitting at identical tables not even ten feet away. I will give this place another try just because of the food. But the managers need to learn how to deal with upset customers. Apologizing and fixing it would've come off a lot better than lying.
2	The Guacamole was good.  The rest of the food was just "ok".  The place is also very loud. Took a while for all our entrees to come out.  Not all of our entrees came out at the same time, they came out one at a time, which is fine, but the server really should have informed us that the food items come out as they become ready before we ordered.Dear Management please have your waitstaff inform guests that food items come out as they are ready.  I work at a place where the food comes out as it's ready.  Here's some verbiage your waitstaff can use: " all of our food is made fresh to order so as your dishes become ready we bring them out to the table hot and fresh."  This way your guests do not have the expectation that all of our entrees come out together.That being said I realize this place is fairly new so I can forgive a lot of what went wrong last night. Perhaps in 3 months when they have ironed out all the kinks we shall return.
5	We enjoyed our meal and I don't understand why the reviews are so low. My mother in law, husband, son and I went last Sunday evening. We only had to wait about 15 minutes (5 shorter than we were quoted). The ladies had aguas frescas - both the cucumber-lime and pineapple-ginger were yummy. My husband also had a beer from the bar while we waited. They quickly served the drinks without issue.On to the meal: started with the guac as well as salsa with chips. Delicious flavors. Yes, you have to pay for the chips and salsa...but they were very tasty and not too expensive. Honestly we saved more room for the meal without excessive free chips. We then shared the fish and shrimp tacos (4 each order), sides of rice and beans and Mac n cheese, & queso fondito w/ shortribs. Everything was tasty, served timely and at a good temperature. The shrimp tacos and Mac and cheese were the stand out heroes of the meal. We had a few leftovers that were devoured a home within 24 hours.Finally, the service: I know we're not the easiest table given the feisty 1 year old. I take him out if he fusses, but while eating he is still a handful. Our service was wonderful. They were timely with food, drinks and the check, and dealt with our son nicely.We will be back - really - already have plans for this week :-)
1	This was a huge disappointment. Tables are tiny and noise level was loud and annoying. Food was just ok- way over priced and tiny portions.
5	I agree with Tegan--not sure about the poor reviews.  We went last Sunday for lunch and the atmosphere, food and service were all top notch.  This is what I would describe as a social restaurant.  The tables are indeed close together, which encouraged conversation between guests, which everyone seemed to enjoy.  Can't wait to return for happy hour, where our served said margaritas are half off and tacos are 2 for $5.50.  The patio was gorgeous!
2	Food had nice flavor but the restaurant is so loud that it ruined the experience.  2 cocktails, 2 guacamoles, chicken taquitos, 2 types of tacos and refried beans for $78.  Didn't mind the portion sizes or the price but I wouldn't return again because of how noisy it was.
4	Some of the food you would expect to be larger for the price. However - the food is really delicious and the drinks are great as well. I don't recommend the quesadilla because it's not a quesadilla it's like a tamale or something. The corn and enchiladas are great! It's overpriced but you pay for the atmosphere. It's very chic and they softly play cool EDM lounge-esque music. My girlfriend and I are frequents for the time being because all service industry folk get 50% for you and who you're with!!!!! Now thats a good price.
4	Stars are for food and drinks. Service is kinda lacking sometimes.  Food could use a pinch of salt thou.Being in this industry (food and beverage) forever, I obviously always pay close attention to the service.I agree that music is kinda loud sometimes.  The first time my boyfriend and I were there we were pretty much yelling to our waitress to get our orders. Last nite we went there at 10 pm... We got sat outside right away (we had a reservation).  We sat at the high tables outside because the music is not as loud as when you are sitting on the little couches/tables. Our waitress came to say hi pretty fast and ask us if we were there before and give us some time to decide.  She came back in about 5 minutes... By that time we already knew our appetizer order. She took our appetizer order and started putting her notepad away... like we were done ordering.  We had to let her know that we were ordering drinks too. She took the notepad out again and wrote down our drink order... put the notepad away and went to take our menus. We had to stop her and let her know we were gonna order entrees when we made a choice. I know everybody here in yelp doesn't wait tables but I've done this too long so it's kinda hard to overlook at details like that (I never leave a table without trying to upsale drinks and apps/salads).We get our drinks... my drink came without a straw... I know it's not a big deal but I really don't like drinking from restaurant glassware without one. Good thing was is that when I came in I had an almost empty drink from the casino so I used those straws. My boyfriend order a Mexican beer... She didn't bother to bring a cold glass or even asked if he wanted one... oh and no lime either... it's a Mexican beer come on! So we had to stop her to get a glass and a lime.Before we order I had a question about an item... How it came out... I'm pretty sure she didn't know the answer because her reply was... "yeah I'm pretty sure". Good thing it wasn't anything related to an allergy cause I could be dead lol. I don't know, maybe she was having an off nite or something. I had good service there before, not exceptional but plain good.We asked for a box and she brought the check right away... Not asking about desserts or coffee or another drink or anything. We gave her our industry card so she had to take the check back to get it discounted. After that she forgot to bring us the check back so after 7-10 minutes we had to flag her down for it... And then we had to flag her one more time to actually pay.Our original check was almost $100... kinda expensive, and I would expect better service considering price and location. But because we have the industry card we can overlook at things like that. But I would definitely not go in there too often if I didn't get a discount.
1	Came in at 315pm on a Sunday, they could not seat me until 4pm due to them transitioning from lunch.Good job with this policy...just lost a customer, I'm sure you'll lose many more...
3	I used to go to the location in Miami but was never really impressed. When I saw that they opened in Vegas I was really hoping that this one would be a little better. I can say that the drinks were good but a little over priced. The outdoor patio was cool but the tables were WAY too small! I felt like I was playing tea time with some kids...seriously.  The service was good and the waiter was friendly. We ordered the chips an salsa which was a JOKE! It was about 1/4 oz of liquid on a shallow plate. You can't even dip your chip. WTH. Don't order it! It's wack!  I really hope that corporate reads all the reviews so they can make changes.  The place has potential but I don't like getting corn holed for drinks and food.
1	Starting with waiting 5 minutes while the hostesses (yes, 4 of them) did nothing and didn't acknowledge us, I figured it wasn't going to be good. Gave number for them to text me when table was ready, they said 20 mins, but restaurant was empty. Then we got a beer at the bar, went back to the front to wait, they then sat 3 couples who just walked in, guy said he texted me, he lied, they did not. Finally got seated, waited 15 minutes or so for waiter. Then 15 more minutes for a beer. Ordered, her food came out 15 minutes before mine. Food was very mediocre. Chips and salsa actually are an extra cost, and the salsa they give you is about half an ounce. We will never go back.
1	Host manager sucked royal. Didn't know how to prioritize custmers over staff and when confronted, no manager skills. Shouldn't be a manager!! Carlita the server was good and the manager who apologized for the other manager was also good. Over all food was not all that. Will not recommend or go back.
4	I came here on a Friday night at 6:30; the first thing I notice was how busy it was and the small space. Our reservation was at 6:45, but we got seated at 7:00.  About a 15-minute wait but you could tell everyone was working very hard diligently and I wasn't in a rush. Once seated, someone gave us water but we didn't see our waitress until about 10 minutes later. Again it was busy so I understood, once we ordered the drinks they came pretty quick. I ordered the cucumber-lime agua fresca and it seriously made me feel like I was back in Mexico relaxing. Next we ordered mango guac, super fresh and yummy and came out quickly. The guac does come with a side of salsa. My date and I both ordered tacos, him pollo and I ordered carne. However his came out at least 10 minutes before mine, so that was awkward. BUT the tacos are fresh and amazing and great. I didn't feel guilty after eating them because they have this nice light feeling it might be the jicama? Being Mexican I am constantly judging and comparing tacos, but these were great. The staff was attentive while being busy. I don't understand why the reviews are so low. Yes the music is loud, but you're yelling everyone's yelling, it's a good time. I will be coming back!
4	This place is great. Our server Karla and her trainee were awesome. Funny, personable. Yeah it's a little loud in there and the seating is a tad crammed for 2 people but it was okay! It was busy for a Monday night which is a good sign. The sangria is awesome, I had the swordfish tacos with a jalepeno slaw which made my night, my boyfriend had the carne asada, which came out pretty rare when he ordered medium rare, but they fixed it no questions asked. Decor is fun, I lovedddd the wall art behind the hostess stand. Good looking staff, I'll be back soon!
4	I went on Taco Tuesday (also "industry" night) so the place was extremely busy.  I had a reservation so my party and I were seated right away.  The 3 of us squeezed into what is essentially a 2-top with a wrap-around banquette.  The seating in general is extremely tight and the noise level was ridiculous.  I'm was actually quite hoarse the next day.  The food was very good to excellent and the margaritas were done just right.  The servers (we were tag-teamed) were quite good and did make some worthy recommendations but they were definitely trying to rush us to free up the table.  Speaking of that tiny table,  your plate is extremely small and the serving dishes are long and thin.  Trying to fit everything on that table is like doing a jigsaw puzzle.  The interior design is not well though-out, to say the least.  If you don't come on taco tuesday/ industry night (50% off everything for stations employees), you will pay an arm and a leg for the food.  That food is authentic Mexican so don't expect tex mex. I almost took off a star for the aforementioned problems but, in the end, the food won out over the decibel level.  I would come back for lunch on any day other than tuesday. Dinner would require more food and therefore lots more spending so that's not something I would consider.  I cannot understand the multitude of bad reviews that criticize the food.  Obviously this is subjective but you can't condemn the food because you don't understand it.  The servers ask DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MENU?  To the confused diners: THAT would be the time to speak up!  If you don't like something, send it back.  Better yet, go to a tex mex chain restaurant and order a combo platter.
3	Way too overpriced for average mexican food, but great service. All of their drinks are super sweet. I also disliked that the tacos were "family style", aka you're forced to order 4 of the same tacos for $14, so you'll spend another $14 just to try a different kind of tacos. the Late night happy hour is for Industry folk only. I was mislead and thought it applied to everyone. the only plus was that after i ordered my expensive cocktail that tasted like sugar and hated it, my waitress without skipping a beat offered to take an order for something else. Am I the only one confused at the term "family style tapas"? Tiny portions that you are forced to share and pay exorbitant prices for... no thanks.
1	Bad food and even worst service, my wife ended up leaving the table while I asked for the check that is how mad she was.New management or more training is a must.
1	We were so excited to try Mercadito.  The menu sounded great and it's hard to find good fresh Mexican food. We walked in and asked for a sugar free tea.  The have no sugar free drinks except Diet Pepsi. The waitress suggested water. Next we ordered the shrimp ceviche.  When it arrived we asked for pepper. We were told they don't have salt or pepper.  Took one bite of the overpriced ceviche and spit it out.  It was tiny, overpriced, and doused in some sweet red sauce that tasted like sugar water.  We told our waitress we couldn't eat there and walked out.  Huge disappointment, horrible food, and the service was pretty bad too.  Go to the Yardhouse and you will never be disappointed.
3	Had dinner at Mercadito on Monday.  It was packed.  It's dark and the music is loud, too loud for me (because I'm not cool).  Even thought it was crowded, we were seated pretty quickly.  We decided to try the trio of salsas with chips.  You don't get a lot of any of the salsas, but that's probably best, because over indulging on chips and salsa is easy at Mexican places.  We had the tomatillo, chile de arbol, and roja.  All were good, but I preferred the tomatillo, which had a nice kick.  None were chunky, they were all blended to a nice consistency.  The server offered us more chips, but we didn't get any because we didn't want to overeat on chips.Each serving of tacos is around $12-$16 as I recall, and you get 4 small, street sized tacos per order.  My buddy had the carne, and I had the pastor.  The pastor was my favorite of the 2, the chili rubbed pork was tender but had a little crispiness.  But, I wasn't blown away by either taco.For a side, we tried the mac n cheese, which is served with manchego cheese, chiles, and corn.  This was easily the best thing I ate at dinner.  It's not a thick sauce, but it has a ton of cheese flavor.  And, the chiles give it a nice kick.  I'd absolutely get this again were I to eat a Mercadito.  I'd return if I am in the area, but I certainly wouldn't make a special trip to Red Rock to eat here.
3	"The Best Thing To Come Out Of Mexico Since Salma Hayek" Ehh, I don't know..but it is a solid 3 stars!Mercadito is a fairly new Mexican restaurant located inside the Red Rock Casino. Inside is pretty unique as they've got some street style art hanging up, but it has a very classy, modern look and feel. It's not very big and when we came on a Saturday night around 8pm, it was packed. Maybe it wasn't the best idea to come at that time, but they had the music blaring so loud that it was more like a nightclub. I'm just not a huge fan of having to scream at someone a foot away from me.On the menu, you'll find a lot of classic Mexican dishes, tacos and even some small, tapas style plates. They've got a pretty extensive tequila list, as well as signature cocktails. One of the coolest things about their menu is they offer several variations of house made salsas, guacamole and ceviche. We ended up ordering the salsa tasting which includes chips and 3 salsas of your choice, for only $3.50. Out of the 3 we chose, the roja was my least favorite as it just didn't have the bold flavor like the other 2 we got, tomatillo and chipotle. The tomatillo was perfect...salty, sweet and just the right amount of heat, and the chipotle had an amazing smoky taste without being too overpowering.For my dinner, I ordered the ceviche and while it was good, I feel like I just can't find an awesome ceviche in town. The citrus flavor was pretty spot on but with the addition of pineapple, it was a little sweeter than I like. None of the salsas that we had complimented it enough to give it the spicy kick I was looking for. In the pictures, it looks like a small plate but there's a ton of good sized, juicy shrimp in there and it's served with 2 big tostadas, which I wasn't a huge fan of. They had a real soft texture and I ended up using the chips for my ceviche more. We also ordered their take on mac & cheese, which is pretty strange but tasty. The manchego cheese flavor is really intense and I like the spiciness but throwing corn in there was weird, and threw the texture off.As far as the service goes, they've got a lot to work on. Several times throughout the night, we were sitting with an empty glasses and had to flag someone down for a refill. One of the managers was just standing around chit-chatting with employees for the entire time we were there and the service just wasn't great. I might as well add that they don't serve regular iced tea here as well either. Since the prices are a bit on the higher side I won't be rushing back, but I enjoyed the food and there's enough "ooh" and "aah" items on the menu to get me back in the door, eventually.
4	Very good food but service still needs a little work.  Very friendly staff but a bit disorganized.  Also, the tables outside are too low and leaves you wanting to sit at the adults table!  All in all it was a place I would recommend.
2	Overall pretty disappointed in this place.  The food might rate a 4 but you factor in prices and the poor quality service and there is no way I can give it any higher than a 2 star.Some examples,  for $15 you get 4 mini size tacos.  The guacamole has so much lime it is overpowering.  They are going after the boutique Mexican food place yet their flavors just don't justify the overpriced menu.  Salad choices are limited to 2, greens salad which isn't bad and a Mexican chef salad.  When asking if 8 can pay to add the grilled swordfish the answer is NO but I can add chicken? ??.If this was a sub $15 per person pricing level (6 people our bill was $150 with only one appetizer ordered pre tax and pre tip) it might rate better.As for service.  They being out one plate at a team from the kitchen.  The last plate took 10 minutes from the first plate (last plate was the salad).If you are stuck at Red Rock I suppose this is better than Albertos down the street but not by much.
2	Disappointed is the theme of this review. Mexican food? Where? I was served some hipster doofus version of "upscale Mexican fare." How does a Mexican Restaurant effectively mess up beans and rice? Don't expect chips and salsa. Unless you would like to pay $3.50 for 3 tablespoons of "salsa" and a handful of chips... you are out of luck my friend. It's not about the $3.50, I knew the price when I ordered it. It's not about the fact that I'm served free chips and salsa at the vast majority of Mexican places I've patronized. It IS about the portion for the price. Are you kidding me with this shit? "Pretentious Mexican food" is about as paradoxical as it gets. Skip it folks. You've been warned.
2	So I finally came and at here over the weekend,. The outside patio is beautiful, thats where you want to sit. The inside dining area reminds me of PF Changs @ McCarren or another Airport bar, the layout is very long and narrow and you will likely bump elbows with your neighboors while eating. Also, its not "Mexican food" , it's "Tapas". I know trends are trends but Tapas is dying out and since Toro's has moved ( and a good move I may add)  to more traditional mexican I can only surmise its a matter of time before this place does too, or they just replace it with something else. Overall, I will still take my El Burrito and Frank and Fina's. Also, no one reached out to me here from Mercadito on my previous review, so I assume they have ZERO social media presence.
4	I had dinner with my buddy after the gym.  lol.  We were under dressed for the occasion.  I like this place.  It's a cozy, semi dimly lit atmosphere that plays EDM music in the background.  Great place to take a girl on the first date.  It was a Monday night at the place was decent busy.  The plates are small and meant to share.  Pretty decent quality and the prices were kinda high for what we got...but i'm not complaining.  I would definitely go here again and maybe do some gambling afterwards.
4	Okay, so all these bad reviews and I'm thinking, "do I really want to go to an expensive, non-Mexican Mexican restaurant with bad service?"  Well, it just so happens my relatives are staying at the Red Rock, and he wants to try it.  It looks cool, food looks good, and it's pretty busy inside.  $100 later, I'm pretty satisfied.  Really.We ordered a carne and a camaron tacos, lobster tostadas, and both types of Ceviches along with the salsas.  Okay, didn't like them charging for the salsas, that was ridiculous.  But overall the food was really good!  The camaron and dorado ceviches were very different from each other, and could have used more lime.  Both tacos were great although they needed to take it easy on the sauce in camaron tacos.  The lobster tostadas were to die for.  Our server (don't recall his name) was very attentive and prompt (although orders were not exactly speedy), a decided departure from all the reviews I saw.And that got me to thinking... I've seen more than a few reviews where they mention that it's not very Mexican.  So, you want to go to a trendy Mexican TAPAS restaurant and you want traditional Mexican?  What's the point of that?  I believe experimenting with traditional flavors and making something other than traditional out of it is part of the experience and enjoyment.  Was this Mexican?  Not really.  Was it good?  Absolutely.  Is it expensive?  Yes, but so is every other tapas restaurant in, well, outside of Spain.  If you want a good tamale go to El Cholo.  Good tacos?  Go to El Taurino.  Okay both are in L.A. but you get the point.  You're not here to get REAL Mexican food.  Great tasting NON-Mexican food, great atmosphere, great service (at least to me), and we have a 4-star restaurant.  Despite the $100 setback.Table-for-1 Factor:  Actually, despite the trendiness and fast pace of the place, I think it might actually be not bad for a solo dinner.  They have a bar and it's a casino, so I don't see why not.
1	I was there the other day and wanted a margarita, they seem to be pre mixed and not made to order. The guy at the table next to us said that these were the worst margaritas he has ever had. Also they don't mix and match their tacos, this restaurant has too many rules. I have never seen so many customers complaining. I won't be coming back
5	Adrienne is the best waitress you'll find! She's personable, sociable, and fun to be around. When you eat here you'll be satisfied with the food and the service. Make sure you ask to be seated at Adrienne's section.
5	I can't say enough about how delicious all the food is here.   It's a step away from traditional Mexican food in a delightful tapas themed fusion. I have yet to taste anything here that has not made me smile..  Service is top notch and with a smile.  A big fan of the sword fish tacos and shrimp ceviche..  Two thumbs up from this yelper!
2	Sadly Mercadito does not live up to its hype as having the best fish taco. What was NY Magazine thinking? But then again that was 2006 somewhere else. Was excited to check out the restaurant when it opened at Red Rock Resort and, of course, had to taste these famous fish tacos. Unfortunately, they arrived dry and over-cooked. It takes a lot for me to send dishes back to the kitchen, but on this occasion there was no choice. The waitress was super polite and upon looking at the dish even admitted it wasn't up to par. She returned several minutes later with a much more desirable plate of mahi mahi tacos. Our other dishes were quite good and service was on point. Hopefully it was just a fluke but "best taco" goes too far.
1	SO LOUD-Our table of 4 couldn't hear each other at all.  The tacos were just okay, nothing special and nothing I would ever order again.  We had the steak w/ slaw and the pork w/ pineapple.  We also ordered all 3 guacamole options with 3 different salsas.  The salsa isn't a chunky consistency..it's meant to drizzle on the chips with a spoon.  The chips were cold and very thick.  Not the kind of salsa you can dig into with your chips. They are trying to make the tacos fancy instead of concentrating on the flavors.  The iced tea is terrible-it's like a sangria.  Instead of having 3 mediocre guacamoles...start with 1 and nail it.  Once you master that you can move on and create more.  Get better chips and go back to the drawing board w/ your salsa selections and tacos.  Service was great.  Never ever returning! YUCK!WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.  Also, a waste of space...once again another restaurant to FAIL in this space at Red Rock.  If you are looking for tasty guacamole...head to Cantina Laredo. They make table side guacamole right in front of you and you can tell them exactly what you want in it.If you are dying to try this place like we were or someone has twisted your arm into going......I suggest you sit outside and just order alcohol and nothing else.  I can't stress enough that the outdoor area is the only good thing about Mercadito.
5	Have visited frequently and never had a bad experience. Incredible service, amazing atmosphere, and excellent food. Happy hour is our favorite but either way we have a great time!
3	Had high expectations... Food was just average... Charge too much for what you get. Tables are way too close together. It is way too loud inside. You can't hear yourself think.... I will not be coming here again!
4	I have come here to eat about 3 times a month. I have definitely spread the word about this place. The food is great, even though their menu is a little small. I have been waiting since the opening for then to get Bloody Marys though. When I go I tend to order a little of everything, but I always order the tacos that have pineapple on them. They are amazing. If you are industry you should go on Tuesday or after 10. They give you 50% off your entire bill (drinks included). The only thing that really bothers me is how loud the music is. OMG is it loud. My favorite server there is a girl named Panini (hopefully I spelled it right).
2	I could go on and on but the restaurant doesn't deserve it ... here is the short and not so sweet review. I don't eat meat, their veggie options are an abomination. The fact that they charge $14 across the board for ALL their taco dishes (which are  4 tiny tacos) is Crazy ... how my mushroom taco is valued at the same price as the steak tacos or fish tacos is beyond me! And although the tacos were good, without a side of rice & beans or salad or SOMETHING I would pay at most $1.50/taco making this a $6 dish, an appetizer even! Their prices are way off the mark on plenty of other items ...but in the meantime Vegetarians / Vegans beware - there isn't much for us and its way overpriced!
2	I just had lunch here with a coworker, wow not good. The portions are "sharing portions" what??? The ceviche was in a 3 oz size bowl, 6 shrimp total, the onion and tomato was chopped so small you couldn't get any out of the bowl. OH and the price is the kicker 10 bucks. My coworker had 3 chicken tacos, for 11.50,  they are on the smallest tortillas, chicken was dry and they don't double the tortilla so each one ripped before you could get a bite. I don't mind loud places but this place has the worst echo, you can't even hear the music playing. You have to pay for chips and salsa? 3 bucks for another tiny portion (definitely individual portion) I went with 2 stars just because the waitress was nice and so was the water server. DISAPPOINTED
4	Open air concept adjacent to construction at Red Rock casino! Fun lunch! Attentive staff very well versed on menu and ingredients. Stiegl from Austria is a must enjoy again beverage but I'll pass on ordering ice tea here again let's just say it's a tad reminiscent of cough syrup... Order Stiegl instead!!!  Tacos are small in scale but the ingredients are KICK ASS no doubt about it!  Mahi Ceviche..... PERFECT!!! To go order included a coupon!
5	Best carne asada I've had in Vegas hands down. The texture of the meat is freakin delightful. Besides the good food , the staff and manager were full of energy and vibrant. Definitely coming back
3	This place has a cool atmosphere and a unique style to their food. However, the place is so loud that I had to yell across the table to talk. The music is loud so therefor everyone yelling to socialize. It is over priced as well. For a small glass of rose wine it was 10.50. And it was a very small glass. They consider the plates sharing size. They're not. We ordered the chili rellenos thinking it was for two for 18.50. They were the smallest plates for 18.50 (barely for one person).That being said, the food was yummy. They made unique salsas and sauces. The food is very different from a normal mexican restaurant.
3	Not a bad spot. We sat on the patio which was really nice. I read a review about the inside being very noisy, which it was. As soon as we walked up we immediately asked for the patio once we heard how loud it was. The seating was more lounge style and really low, it was ok for the finger foods we ordered so it worked. Service was quick and good. The food was OK. Our mango guac definitely didn't look or taste fresh, more like it was something you would get pre made at a grocery store. The pollo tacos were tasty but nothing special and the carne esada plate was also just OK. Overall it was a solid 3/5 experience. I would come back again and check out other items and sir outside on the patio.
2	My guest and I came  at a dead time during the day and we basically had to wave down a Bartendar (which was 5 on the floor)to get a drink and to start taking our order . The bartenders were too busy on talking amongst each other to serve their customers . Way to expensive not worth it again never coming back
3	Sitting at new opening. Upsell attempts on even chips and guacamole.. lol. Menu somewhat limited. Tapas style.. Seems loaded with expensive tacos. Food was average. Had nachos and Baja fish.
4	We were referred here by some friends who ate there 3 times in 4 days.I could not find on their website how they define their food, but it is not your typical Mexican restaurant.  If you are looking for a heavy plate of food smothered in cheese, look elsewhere.My wife and I have been two weekends in a row and are thoroughly impressed.  We have had the carne tacos, brochetas (skewered steak, shrimp and chicken), chips and salsa, ceviche and a side of pintos.  The wife loved the blended auntie ox and I had a margarita and sampled some of their tequilas in a sipping  glass.It is pricey, but it is very unique and I assume the rent in the Red Rock does not come cheap.We're going back and taking friends.
4	This was my first time here, but won't be my last. We sat on the outside patio, which would have been fine if we were toddlers or little people, because the seating is so low! Not to mention there was an abundance of flys that were on attack to every single patron out there. I think the restaurant should invest in some citronella candles to keep those things away. It was a total buzz kill. Pun intended. If you do choose to dine outside, do your eyes a favor and bring your sunglasses! The sun umbrellas are no good at 6:30pm. As for the food... Yum-O! I ordered the guacamole with bacon and corn because I was intrigued. It did not disappoint. The frozen drink I had was infused with green tea and it totally hit the spot! Then we ordered the corn Mesa quesadilla and the Baja tacos which were both Amaze-Balls but overpriced for the quantity of food given. All in all, come hungry, plan on spending a little bit more, and please sit inside!
5	Another awesome meal!!! Late night date night. Get the carne asada. Delicious!!! Don't understand the reviews. This resturant is unique and delicious, so rare in Vegas. Not the usual garbage Mex resturant. Great service and food.
2	The only thing this place has going for it is the marketing.     The food is WAY overhyped and underwhelming.  There are taco trucks here in Vegas with far superior Mexican food.     Don't get me started on the "shareable" chips and salsa that I had to pay for.     There wasn't enough salsa for ME let alone anyone else.   Unless this place wakes the hell up I hope it goes the way of Agave & Dos Caminos.     What Summerlin doesn't need is pretentious "Modern Mexican Food".
3	Went to Mercadito's for the first time after hearing this was a good place to eat. Decided to go during happy hour to try more selections of tacos for a lower cost. I was seated outside. Had the mahi mahi, chicken and steak tacos. Chicken was a little salty, the steak was a little over cooked however the fish was good. The tacos are on the small side. Also tried the chips and salsa. Selected three different salsas and was surprised it was served in a small plate with small spoons. I know why the give you spoons because the corn chip wont fit in the shot glass size plate. No unsweet ice tea! Ordered a Pepsi and paid $4.00 for it. Over all this place is good and overpriced.
5	Oh Man...  What a difference a visit makes.     Hey last time I was there they sat us on tiny litle tables by the bar...   only big enough for kids I think, but ...    they have replaced those with high tops...  Also last time we had no idea that things come out randomly...    so we ended up waiting to eat for the next plate.    Once we found out about the food timing...   we were alright to order food in a family style way.    SOoooooo   much better.      Let me just say...     sometimes its all about the service...   last time we had no idea what to expect with food timing and the really a la carte menu (Extra $ for salsa and so on)    This time the guy who served us gave us the info...  not only that, but he also knew so much about the ingredients and so friendly.    It really makes a difference.   I took my wife this time along with my In Laws all the way from Australia who really havent eaten too much Mexican food....   They LOVED IT...    Father in Law  "I want to lick the plate".     I think that was a resounding and solid Thumbs up. So lets talk about what was on the plate.    Guacamole with bacon....    Holy baby god!!!!!!    Soooooooo   Good!Baja fish Tacos....    Ok...   Let me just say that I have been looking for a good fish taco since my favorite from a place I want to in Tampa years ago...      Listen....     Hands down the ones here at Mercadito were The Best!   Careful though...  they do have a real bite to them...      Spicy...  I love spicy but if you are sensitive...  Look Out.   Listen...   We got 3 different types of Tacos to share with the table (share with the table...   Sharing is caring) and I could tell you what I liked...   But im not going to...   I liked it all...  and where thats concerned...   you will have your favorites...   Mine are the fish tacos....     Man I wish I was still hungry...     I'd go back for more.  We also ended with dessert...  chocolate cake and flan...    I know it seems weird from me to have such a turn around, but I can't stress enough how much better this visit was.  Everyone loved it..   Wife...   In-Laws....   everyone  I'm looking forward to coming back.FYI     Our servers name i believe was Bryant...    Nice work man....   Really Nice work
5	They deserve the 5 stars for making their margaritas with fresh lime juice. This makes the drink superb. Most places use mix and it ruins the margaritas. We also tried their salsas which were really good. They have fresh made chips, also a must for Mexican. They are open until midnight during the week, which makes this a great place to end the night.
4	I went here recently with a group of 7 and were seated pretty quickly. There's a big selection of different Mexican foods. I ordered elote and chicken nachos. Both were really delicious. Some of my friends ordered tacos and everyone seemed to enjoy everything. Only bad thing that was ordered was one drink called the tourista that my friend got, it tasted nasty but the waitress claimed it was her favorite.  *shrugs* Service was good overall. They serve food family style, but one plate really is enough for one person.
2	It was good. Tacos were great for bar food and easy to eat with our group, to share anyways. Staff was stuffy management wasn't very polite. Not what you would expect for a hotel that has had four restaurants in the same place.  Vegas hospitality goes a long way, they should learn it. Well for everyone in the party thought overall food was good, presentation was horrible, drinks were great, and staff needs happy pill or a rainbow farting unicorn. ...haha. they do offer to go. So grab tacos and go to the center bar in the hotel and have dinner. Better company
1	This place has gone downhill!!! When it opened everything was spectacular. The Margaritas, Quac, Chips, Tacos. We went there this week. Our 5th or 6th visit. The only things that were still good were the chips and swordfish tacos. The service was poor the food seemed old and/or poorly prepared and the prices have gone up since the opening. I even showed our waiter that the tacos that he recommended were uneatable full of fatty pork. We will not be returning or recommending any more!!! Hope the next restaurant opening at Red Rock is much better! TTheir Response: Hi Terri. We are sorry that your most current visit was not the service or quality you have previously received with Mercadito. We thank you for your feedback and will be addressing your points with the kitchen and staff. Please reconsider coming back in the future. Please note: Most definitely, the prices have not increased since openingMy response:  The prices at Happy Hour on Tacos and Margaritas went from 5.50 to 6.50.  The waitress when we commented said they were testing the market and adjusted the prices.Cannot even give 1 star anymore.  The only things palpable re the swordfish tacos and the chips.  I have had to leave for the bathroom on two different occasions feeling like vomiting while visiting Mercadito at Red Rock.
3	Went here on a Wednesday night to celebrate a friend's birthday. The lady of the night declared a hankering for mexican, do we decided to try Mercadito.Service was great, and the food and drink were good, but the reason this one drops to 3 stars instead of 4 is that price point. The Guacamole, while totally and utterly delicious, was $8.50 for a small ice cream scoop that we demolished in about nine seconds. Salsa, while also very yummy, cost an extra $3. All the tacos were about $14, of which we tried 4 different ones (there were 4 of us, so one each) the Baja, pastor, carne and pork belly. They were all really quite good, my least favorite was the Mahi mahi, which came out a bit too sweet for my palette, and my favorite, which I could see myself going back for, was the Carne. The slaw that topped it, just a perfect accent to the smoky meat. Our group also had 4 different margaritas, and I am firmly convinced that the one I tried, the "little market" (mercadito) was by far the best. I would buy the salt they rimmed that glass in by the bucket, tomorrow. Our very very nice server also brought birthday girl a birthday flan on the house, which tickled her pink. Looked delicious; she did not let me try it. So I assume it was so.So why only three stars? Because for literally less than half the price, I could get food that was just as delicious at Tacos el Gordo, Taco y Taco, or one of the other great "authentic" taco places in town. It's geared towards low key, date night drinkies and noshing, but the only items that are really priced to make that affordable are the drinks. You're very obviously paying for the trendy vibe and Red Rock Casino location. I can see myself coming back here for a "taco tuesday" or with a groupon; something that brings the price down, but otherwise, it's a little out of the price range to move from "rare occasion" to "regular haunt".
2	Was extremely excited to finally try the Mexican restaurant inside the Red Rock. This was the very first week. We were so excited we try to go as soon as we noticed there was something going on inside! Well it turns out that it was the employees training. "OK that's awesome" I'm thinking to myself. This means we are really close! We were given a nice card that entitles us to 50 percent off our first visit . "Cool". So we go back on a Wednesday or Thursday in late June. Like i mentioned the very first week. We are greeted by a nice enthusiastic host and are seated and given 2 menus.  After taking a good look at the menu we decided to go with a "plate". Before i go on. I will mention they have several different plates to choose from. The carne asada plate was not available. They ran out of carne. Ok, that's disappointing but i will survive. I'm in the mood for enchiladas (as always). Before i go any further i will mention a plate costs $22. Oh look they have an option for my choice of "any 2 plates"  it's twice as much ($44) which just happens to come with 2 enchiladas! WOW! . One of their regular "plates" must easily fill up one person. Let's go with the 2 plate option and share! So we decide to get the $44 plate and we go with the chicken and the green pepper thing (whatever it was called). All set. So our order is placed. My girlfriend leaves to go and finish up her make up in the ladies room and i am left alone, so I decide to put the ball game on which was near complete. So I'm thinking nothing of it enjoying the game on my smart device. Gf getting ready still. Game ends gf finally makes it back. We are about 30 minutes in at this time. Sweet our food must be just about ready! Another couple comes in and is seated right next to us even though there are tons of seats available. So they are seated given menus order their food. We now kid around and say they must have had to kill the chicken. About 15 minutes roughly goes by. Oh what do you know their food is brought out and they begin to enjoy their dinner. Even they must have been wondering where our food was. Well our server was nice enough to pop by and say "5 more minutes'. " OK good"   starved at this point. 15 minutes later our $44, 2 plate mercadito special finally arrives. One small plate is placed on our table. So i ask our server i said we ordered the 2 plate thing. He was quick to let me know that it was all there. He said that's how it comes. There was a green pepper thing and a chicken breast and two small enchiladas and a very small amount of rice . So as hungry as i am i am very upset at this point because not only did i just wait an hour for this thing. It was supposed to be worth the wait and enough food for 2. Well not even close. The enchiladas which was the only thing i really cared about were dry and just not very good as far as restaurant enchiladas go. Let me say the food on the plate was garnished nicely. So it looked good just didn't taste very good. The chicken was ok. My gf ate all of the green pepper thing. She said that was ok. So it turns out the 2 plate thing for twice the money is actually their Mexican outrageously priced version of a dish similar to olive garden's "tour of Italy".  Now we did mention to our server that we thought the 2 plate thing would be enough for 2 people. Well not even close. At this point they can see we are not happy and our server brings over another generic plate with chicken and rice on it and says "compliments of the chef" as nice as a gesture it was, it was too little too late. Maybe if i didn't wait an hour for my food. After all it wasn't even busy by any means. I have come to conclusion that if you go to mercadito and order some tacos and tequila you will probably have a great time. In fact its the only thing i would ever even bother with. So in conclusion if you are in the mood for a taco this is a great option. Just stay away from everything thing else on the menu. In case you are wondering the couple that were seated next to us ordered the tacos (which looked good) and damn near left before our food arrived. Bad place? Not necessarily. Bad experience? Very. At least we brought our 50 percent off coupon.
3	As I walk in the restaurant for the first time - loved the ambience and atmosphere of the trendy modern indoor outdoor spot . The sangria was very Tart and food was mediocre . But customer service beat those two categories at its finest .
4	I have been in Las Vegas 6 yrs. I am a huge foodie. I am at 600 restaurants in Las Vegas in the 6 yrs. I've been here. This is a great place. I hear the opening was not good but let me tell you, It's amazing now. The ceviche is some of the best I've had in Vegas. The service was great. Mark, the manager is very passionate about the food. I think this is a place you don't want to miss. I had two of the Guacamoles (Tradicional and Mango) both excellent; we had the camaron and mixto ceviches, both amazing. We had the espada, carne, and pastor tacos, all great. We finished with the flan and tres leeches. This was the restaurant week special. People often ask me if I ever go back to a restaurant, this is one I will. Give it a try. This is not central Mexico food. It's more the east coast of Mexico influence. If you're looking for huge burritos, this is not it. But, if you're looking for fresh and amazing, give it a try.
2	Meh. I'm a big believer in setting expectations. What happened to under promise and over deliver. Checked in and told 45 minute wait for a party of three. Ok, it's Saturday. Ended up waiting over an hour, the staff seemed unorganized. I checked back with hostess after the forty five, told "setting you up right now", nope. Another young lady asks if we've checked in and says she'll check the status and be right back- goes to hostess station and just stands there smiling.??? 80 minutes. But we heard it was good and were determined to try it.Finally seated and wait staff is very helpful. Glad it was Restraunt Week as the regular price if $14+ for some street tacos is a bit much. Disappointing that an order must all be same style as that means you're stuck with one version.  The promotion allowed us to try multiple items without breaking the bank.  Carne and chicken tacos were good, they forgot our mahi mahi tacos until we asked for them when the waiter came to take our dessert order. As a non-flan fan I have to say the flan was super tasty.  Overall I go back to meh, I don't think I'll be giving it another try. Wish the burger place was still here- so hard to get a good hamburger in this town without hitting a GR place on the Strip.
1	You have got to be kidding me!!!What narcissistic nincompoop came up with this idea?This has just topped my list of "Most Asinine Restaurants in all of Las Vegas." and my list of "Stay the hell away - far away!" at the same time.3 people, no drinks, one order of tacos each (4) and a very small Queso Fundito appetizer for $75 - THAT'S SEVENTY-FIVE DOLLARS FOR A DOZEN STREET TACOS AND BLAND CHEESE!First off, the restaurant is so cold I was shivering - AND I'M FROM FARGO 'FRICKING' NORTH DAKOTA.The the Queso Fundito came to the table luke warm, which meant the cheese was already almost solid. We got the one with mushrooms, and they didn't taste bad, but cold Queso Fundito just sucks, period. It came with a spoon, which is absolutely the worst utensil to use when trying to cut semi-hard cheese.Question: does anyone besides me remember when you could order your entire meal at the beginning and the kitchen would have enough sense to send out the appetizer first and give you some time before sending out the rest? Boy I miss those days. We ordered our appetizer, but weren't ready to order the tacos. The waitress kept coming by (without our appetizer) to ask if we were ready, so we politely ordered, hoping enough time had passed that our appetizer could arrive and we could have a few minutes to enjoy it before our small table was overrun by plates.Boy were we wrong. Not more than 1 minute after the Fundito arrived, I got my tacos - just mine, apparently no one thinks people like to eat together anymore. So now my tacos are getting cold while I try to finish the Fundito before it turns back into a hard brick of cheese. The other orders came 5 to 6 minutes apart. These people are completely incompetent.I will not say the food was bad, but I will say that Pepe's Tacos offers MUCH better tacos at 1/3 the price. This place is PURE SHIT, an absolute waste of a great location and an awesome remodeling by Red Rock. I can already see by the other Yelp reviews that most people agree. Pay $75 to have some tourist on the Las Vegas Strip slap you three times in the face, it will be a much better use of your money.
4	Let me make it clear that this is not a Roberto's or tacos el Gordo or a previously closed, painted, conditioned old building turned into taqueria, so don't expect to find two dollar tacos at this place. What you will find are some of the best, tastiest and juicyest soft tacos you've ever tried this side of la linea. (Border)   This is an upscale modern Mexican restaurant, nice hip marble top bar and some very nice original art pieces throughout the restaurant. A nice patio area with rattan furniture and giant parasols for a nice outdoor dining experience.  Sat at the bar and service was decent. This time I got the espada (swordfish) tacos and the ceviche mixto, both items were on the miniature size but the flavors were grande! not enough to fill me up but just enough to be satisfied. Can't wait to try so many other options on the menu that sounded very promising.   Back to value..It is kind of odd sitting at the bar at a Mexican restaurant order some drinks and not being offered chips and salsa, and even though cheap food shouldn't be expected here, with prices being a little bit over the comfort zone for tacos throwing in some complimentary chips and salsa shouldn't kill you, but skimping might, besides no restaurant ever in the history of Mexican restaurants ever charged extra for salsa! That's like the taco law, free salsa for all tacos. The good and the reason for 4 stars... Happy hour is between 4 to 6 pm on weekdays and also late happy hour from 10 to 12am, also on Tuesdays they offer 50% off for all industry employees, automatically turning Tuesdays into my most anticipated day of the week surpassing Game of Thrones Sundays. They advertise as being the best thing that came out of Mexico after Salma Hayek. I could think of many other things, but is 4 20 am and I have to get to bed. See you on Tuesdays or on happy hours... I'll bring my own DelScorcho salsa.
5	Love this place! Mexican food finally back at red rock & way better than the previous, Cabo.  Taco Tuesdays here! Absolutely love the tacos especially the pancita (pork belly) & the baja fish tacos! All the variations of guacamole are delish as well as the Dorado ceviche. We came on a weekday & it was popping! Awesome atmosphere especially for a drink specifically the cheeky cheeky boom boom after a long 10 hour day of work ! Did I mention the Mac and cheese and the elote were mouthwateringly flavorful?! I will definitely coming back again & again. Plus it's awesome bec they've got great service.
1	Food with no flavor no exactly mexican food should be mexican twisted  food bad experience
2	After reading some reviews I decided ro go check this place out. Me an my wife waited about 8 minutes before the server came to the table. The menu was very limited so I ordered beef torta and the wife had the carne tacos. The waiter was kinda spacy, may have been gay, not sure but definitely seemed new at being a server. Anyways, food came and was not impressed with portion size or presentation.  All the food had no flavor and there was no salt, pepper, surgar ect at the table either. Fries was old and everything was very bland. The manager came to table  to see how everything was so I told him everything was band and he was eager to try to resolve but I did not want anything as I dont expect to be back. Was at the red rock casino location..
2	I've been wanting to try Mercadito for awhile, so I went with my mom the other night. Well, I haven't been missing out on much.First off - It wasn't that busy, and they sat us in a corner crammed in with other guests. I could see plenty more open places where I wouldn't have to feel like I was sitting in a cafeteria. I ordered the pastor tacos, mom got the shrimp tacos. The pastor was alright, a tad too salty. My mom said her tacos were fine, nothing special. We also ordered the traditional guacamole which was more like a mush of avocado and way too much garlic. The cost of two orders of tacos, one margarita, and guacamole? $60. You have to be kidding. I'd honestly rather go to Tacos El Gordo. Probably won't come back here.
5	We had the guacamole sampler, salsa sampler, elotes and swordfish tacos.  all excellent and fresh!  And we had plenty of chip refills :). We also had a very friendly and attentive server -- Bryant.  We will be back!!
2	I had high expectations since the restaurant advertises that they are the best thing to come out of Mexico since Salma Hayek! That kind of flaunting piqued my interests.  This was our second attempt to eat here.  We had a failed attempt on a Friday night--the place was screaming loud and overbooked so we decided to try again later when it wouldn't be so busy.  So we went in on a Saturday afternoon, around 1pm.  The place was much more mellow.  We were seated promptly and the waitress seemed friendly at first.  She instructed us to order two kind of tacos and that each order would come with 3 of them.  My fiance and I were looking for a lighter lunch so we decided to split an order of their Mahi-Mahi tacos and pair it with their traditional guacamole and then the fried plantains.  Upon us ordering this combo and sticking with our waters instead of adding on drinks (it was 1pm and 106 outside!!  Hello dehydration!) our waitress' demeanor instantly changed.  Obviously we weren't ordering enough for her to deal with us for the rest of the meal.  When our food came out--like 4 minutes after we ordered it--and all at once, not in stages, before I even had a chance to take a bite she was already back asking us how our meal was.  We both looked at her, dumbfounded, and replied, "we were just about to take a bite to see!".  She lingered for a minute and then got the hint we'd like to actually try our food before answering and then left--not remembering to look at the water glasses that were already empty.    It actually took until we had finished our meal before she noticed that we were out of water. She only noticed because we ended up scooting our glasses all the way to the front of the table so she could see they were empty.  When she finally did pour us more water, black chunks fell into my fiance's glass.  We ended up having to wait for her to come back by (another 5 minutes after we had finished eating) to tell her he needed a new glass of water since she poured something strange into his last glass.  Each glass of water was only filled 1/2 full.  For glasses that only hold about 12 oz of liquid, to fill them with 6oz is really ridiculous and just shows a waitress' lack of care about her customers.  Service Rating:  2/10  We tried our food and to be honest it was pretty good.  My review rating is mostly for the service instead of the food but, the food had its own issues.  Tacos: As an avid taco eater, it is ALWAYS a disappointment to see tortillas that have not been warmed on a comal.  Our tortillas were just room temperature and not even heated at all.  Big fail for a taco place.  Who doesn't heat tortillas???  The fish tacos had a strong salt front but were balanced with the beer batter that lingered on the pallet.  The baha style sauce was faint, the tacos could have used a little more of it and maybe even more heat--spice!  The slaw was grated which was an interesting touch and provided a decent texture.  I would give these a solid 8/10.Guac:  They are not afraid to use spice!  Avocados are very chunky in the final product which is good, but the chips that were served with the dish were broken so much that we had to use a fork to put the guacamole on them.  I have a sneaking suspicion that they use frozen avocados, but I could be wrong.  The Guac gets a 7/10 because of the nice heat level and chips get a 3/10 for being over salted and broken.  Plantains:  Probably the best part of the meal.  These were cooked to perfection and the jalapeno ginger sauce was a perfect compliment. 9/10! I will be back to the restaurant to try out the Hongos tacos but will request that my tacos be heated and that our waitress keep a careful eye on our glasses throughout our meal.
4	This place is delicious. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it is a little pricey, but hey... It's in a casino. And it's more a fusion Mexican joint rather than a place like tacos el Gordo that's legit. But my bf and I started with the traditional guac and their garlic salsa... Amazing and a lot! We had to order more chips. The corn elotes are super yum and we had the espada swordfish tacos on recommendation of the server. They did not disappoint but I would have liked to try the pastor tacos... Just wasn't hungry enough. I am not a tequila drinker so the white stripe and cheeky cheeky boom boom drinks were amazing and fresh. And the agua frescas are mouth watering. My bf had a variety of tequila drinks and he liked them all but thought the classic margarita was still the best. Someone next to us had the pollo a las brasas which also looked delicious and must have been because they sucked them down to the bone. Will def come back.
2	Tried Mercadito over the Labor Day weekend. While I want to rate this place a 3 star, deep down it's really deserves just 2. My GF and I arrived a little after 5:00 on Saturday evening.Service -The hostess was prompt and our seating was immediate. Our server was pleasant and seemed knowledgeable regarding their menu and the offerings behind their theme.Throughout our meal, our server and staff were attentive and responsive. Drink order was taken promptly and cocktails were on our table in good time. Our water glasses were maintained.Food -While I really enjoyed the flavors of the tacos. There were some missteps for me here. One is that I believe that chips and salsa should be standard at a premium priced restaurant like this one. Charging $3.50 for a "salsa tasting" is a bit cheap, when you are charging $14.50 for 4 small tacos per plate. We tried 4 plates of tacos Camaron (shrimp), Pollo (chicken), Carne Asada (steak) and Pastor (pork). They tasted great, with exception of the Carne Asada which we sent back.Also, though ordered premium tequilas, the cocktails we a bit too steep given the  use of rocks glasses with heavy ice. 2 Don Julio Margaritas $32, 2 Fortaleza Margaritas $34... I'm sure you get the picture. Atmosphere -For me, while the interior is visually pleasing, the interior is way too narrow and small. First of all, I have a personal grudge against establishments that use bench seating and this one uses it throughout. There are a few booths, but the entire restaurant feels cramped and claustrophobic to me.Also, I feel that the dress code is too relaxed and doesn't reflect the pricing point. I shouldn't see flip flops and shorts abound in the interior dining room. For the patio area that's fine, but that should be regulated better.This is maybe a Happy Hour place where you might meet for a drink at the bar and then proceed with the rest of your evening somewhere else. Overall, while the food and service were probably worth 3 stars, the headwinds of pricing and atmosphere keep it at 2 stars for me.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed the food and the atmosphere here. We ordered the Tacos of different types.  Specifically, Carne, Camarron and Mahi Mahi.  Very delicious and enjoyable.
5	Pretty cool new spot at the Red Rock.  If you work in the industry you can sign up for their 50% off industry card (hell yeah!).  Every drink my server, Matt, recommended was delicious and actually tasted pretty strong, even the sangria! Yes! My server was on point.  I loved everything I got with the exception of some of the salsas.... They actually charge for their itty bitty salsas. Definitely get the queso with the mushrooms and ask for Matt if you want good service and to be led in the right direction. Definitely be back for industry night.
5	Gus or Gustavo who is a trainee was great (Thanks for the good time sir). Food was excellent and drink suggestions were right on.
3	I was torn between 3 stars or 2. What saved them was the service. Hostess seated us right away, our water glasses were ALWAYS full, and our waitress visited us a few times to make sure everything was going ok.The reason for the low rating was the food. First of all charging over $3 for salsa "tasters" is ridiculous. When I go to a Mexican restaurant I expect to get chips and salsa. Just like I expect to get bread and olive oil at an Italian place. So we ordered the guacamole and some salsa. Portion was good but the taste was average. I ordered the swordfish tacos. All in all they were very good. You get 4 tacos in a serving and it came with a piece of fish and slaw. The slaw was a cabbage and jalepineo mix which was VERY good.My wife ordered the chicken enchilada. So so... Chicken was ok but the smothered it with a creamy sort of dressing that ruined the dish.Probably won't go back.
4	I reviewed this new restaurant poorly about a month and half ago.  The owner was so kind to send me a personal note and ask if the restaurant could try again and make up for the less than stellar experience. We decided to go back and give it a whirl. So first off, I said it last time and I'll say it again, the margaritas were the best in town. Seriously, they are amazing. They are on "draft" and made days ahead of time and they are just by far amazing. The chips were delicious again and the guacamole, although not made table side, was delicious this time. This time, our reservation was taken on time and we were treated like kings and queens. We ordered a variety of the tacos to try different flavors and they were all amazing. The fish, steak, pork and chicken were all fantastic. We got full on tiny tacos but they were truly filling and actually just the right portions for tasting with your friends. The server checked on us often, the manager came over to say hi and they even treated our friend to a free desert since it was her birthday. One caveat, we did try to go early for a drink before dinner but unfortunately all the seats at the bar were taken and they really don't have an area for others to stand around and enjoy a drink. The hostess outside was less than inviting about the issue as well. So we did have to go have a drink somewhere else in Red Rock. A loss for the restaurant since we would have spent another $50 bucks on drinks for the group before dinner too. Overall, this time it was a win. I won't go back because they asked us to, I will go back because we simply want to. Hopefully, it will still be as good when they aren't expecting us, to do a make good. Worth a try.
5	Best Mexican restaurant I've eaten so far. All Tacos were the bomb. The place is pretty cool as well, kinda high end type deal. Service was phenomenal, thanks to Brian our server. Excellent place and highly recommend!
4	Been here with my chef friend.The server is very energetic, and I can tell this restaurant is under good management! We ordered two order of tacos and some appetizer( hard to remember their Mexican name). The fish taco is crispy, and the pork belly taco is tender, but I don't really enjoy their shrimp salad in a sour base ( feel not so fresh).We have been offered complimentary desert, it tastes like egg pudding with coconut!I enjoy their ambience, and I think I will try them again in the future.
1	Mexican Food?,Yea mmmkay! Family sharing style?,yeah friggin right!Took the lovely wife for dinner. The place is EXTREMELY LOUD!, We get seated, bus boy shows up with water, pours the water into my wife's glass and the idiot keeps on pouring, spilling water on my wife, The SOB doesn't even apologize, not a friggin word from him, I wave our waiter down and asked if the bus boy spoke English, the waiter assured me he did, but I wasnt convinced. Anyhow we order some drinks browse the menu and decide to have the mixto ceviche, the waiter asked us if we were sure thats all we wanted, the lovely wife and I agreed thats all we wanted, So he asked one more time and we were like WTF is up, he says "I know our concept is sharing style" but the portions are only 7 ounces so I recommend you add something else to your order" we were like are you effing serious how the eff do you share 7 ounces? (If you ever had a ceviche tostada you folks know that its more than 7 ounces and you know you are not about to share that tastey ceviche tostada) so we add the camaron ceviche and the espada tacos, the waiter was still sure it wasnt gonna be enough food for the lovely wife and I, we adviced him we would be okay with our order.The food arrives, the tacos were cold, the ceviche was lacking acid and proper salt and heat. the chef should be ashamed of himslef for callig this garbage "ceviche". if you cant get a ceviche right chances are everything else on that menu will be total disappoinments.SKIP THE WANNABE MEXICAN FOOD AT THIS PLACESHARING STYLE, YEAH EFFING RIGHT, GET OUT HERE WITH THAT BS!
5	Great food.  We started with the cops and salsa trio,  very good,  then we had the Asada Tacos,  probably the best steak Street Tacos we have ever has.  We the had the Chicken Brass,  now this was amazing,  and I mean amazing!! I have heard some negative reviews on this but cannot see how , but I guess to each his or her own, this place is a must go to from our viewpoint.
4	A group of us dined at Mercadito to celebrate Mexican Independence Day. The restaurant has several dining areas. The bar, lounge, patio and a main room. Happy Hour is only available in the bar/lounge/patio.Our group of five reserved a booth in the main dining room. Our server Xavier was very enthusiastic and attentive. He demonstrated his passion for food with his knowledge and thorough explanation of the menu and specialty dishes.The traditional version of Guacamole was the starter. It is served with chips and salsa. The Guacamole was creamy with a slight amount of heat. The portion was large enough for all of us. Many of the dishes are great for sharing, such as the four Tacos Camaron served on corn tortillas. The pork was tasty and the slice of avocado provided a smooth finish. The next sharing was the Taquizas Brochetas. This dish consisted of several items on skewers, Grilled Shrimp, Grilled Skirt Steak and Smoked Chicken served with corn tortillas on the side along with three sauces chimichurri, salsa toreada and a mole. Each of these were excellent and a pared with a great choice of sauces.Finally the holiday special was ordered by the majority. Chile's en Nogada is essentially a Chile in walnut sauce. It consists of a poblano pepper, walnuts, pork loin, thick cream, onion, garlic, tomatoes, parsley, apple, plantain and raisins.  It's topped w/pomegranate seeds & cilantro.  It was not very spicy, but divine.One choice missing from the menu was flour tortillas. Mercadito only serves corn.They also should increase the variety of wine wines by adding a Riesling.The Margarita Tradicional was a perfect balance, just delicious.The dessert choices were interesting and tempting but were passed for another visit that may start with dessert.
4	I loved the food. Margaritas are great.  I just think the prices are way to expensive for the portions you get.
1	The one star is completely involuntary as I have absolutely nothing to base that one star on except for the shitty "don't call us we'll call you" wait to be seated system! Fuck me! It's been over 2 hours and we still haven't received our phone call for a table for two that was quoted for a 45 minute wait. Is this seriously the place that took over the space once occupied by 8 Ounce? Wow! Bye Felicia!
2	Disappointment probably best sums it up.Last time I dropped in, they were still fairly wet behind the ears and working out the kinks, which happens in nearly any business. No one is perfect to start. Unfortunately a few months later wasn't really much better.I don't want to lag on so I'll bullet point it* 30min wait time turned in 1hr and 30mins* guacamole was bland and unexciting* pastor tacos fell apart when picked up * server was good but a little pushy * cocktails were loaded with to much alcohol and spoilt the drink (usually a good thing but it's dinner not a bender)* meat in the tacos was coldI had high hopes but once again came away disappointed. Maybe I've said it before but it's Mexican food, 12 tacos and guac was $61 and at that price point maybe you'd expect service and food quality to be a bit better.Coming back: No
5	After reading some of the negative reviews I'm wondering if I came to the same place but after talking to the wife(born and raised in El Paso) I'm sure I'm reviewing the right restaurant. This is the best Mexican I've had. We've been twice with equally impressive visits. The first time we ate at the bar, the second visit we brought our son (4) so we sat in the dining room.The Margaritas are great and don't miss the Paloma(tequila and grapefruit juice).  Between the two visits we sampled most of the tacos, salsas and ceviche. All great. My son had the children's chicken tacos which he loved. The only draw back is that they squeeze bottled sour cream all over the tacos which made them very messy but he liked them non the less. The flautas are also delicious. The small guac is more than the two of us could eat. Creamy, rich and just perfectly spiced. If I had to find something negative, I guess our server was a little pushy but as a server myself i guess I can see where she's coming from but she needs to learn how to balance suggestions with upsells. We'll be back and I look forward to bringing the inlaws to see what they think of the place.
3	I didn't have much interest in checking out Mercadito until I heard they had a Tuesday industry special for 50% off all their menu items, including cocktails.We arrived and it was packed. The noise level was a little louder than I would have preferred, but I guess that's to be expected. Our server was attentive and my friend and I decided to share two taco plates and some elote.The pork belly tacos were my favorite. Good texture and flavor. They even had a nice spicy kick. The camaron were ok, they didn't have as much kick as I would have liked. I will likely ask them to heat the tortillas next time since they were a little on the cooler side. I think that would have made all the difference.My friend tried their dessert and said it was good. Their menu is tapas style, so I encourage larger groups to come and share. They had some really interesting cocktails on their menu as well that I look forward to trying on my next Tuesday night visit.
4	Lots of vegetarian options and gluten-free friendly. Good food knowledge from the servers. Bussing staff on point and food runners explained all dishes (hate it when they just drop it and walk away). Manager stopped by the table. So for a new restaurant they are running smoothly. Loved the food and the patio seating. Also great non alcoholic drink options
3	We've eaten here about 3 times the food is good I'm able to eat gluten free this is what has brought us back . Today was a different visit the waitress made it a point to know she was just about to get off early but then we sat down. The restaurant was still supposed to be open for another 2 hours. She messed up my husband drink  order 3 times and when she would walk away she was rolling her eyes. She made us so uncomfortable for us. The bus staff was great the buser was the person  who actually helped us more then the waitress.  Because of them I'll give them another shot, but I'd definitely not go with the same server.
4	Food was pretty good.  Guacamole and salsa was excellent; as was the mac & cheese!  The chicken enchiladas were ok.  It's more of a tapas place than a traditional mexican food joint.  Our server, Matt, was awesome.  If you get him, consider yourself lucky.
4	We have gone here a couple times and competely enjoyed it! Everything has a flavorful & interesting spin on traditional Mexican food. I definitely suggest eating family style. Share tacos, The spicy pork rub is amazing, try the melted queso, even the simple fried plantains were tasty!
1	**If anyone else has noticed this,please include in your review** Mescal margarita was great but it really pisses me off when restaurants or bars "round off" the check amount at your expense and the bartenders don't bother to tell you about it. We noticed that just now after being short changed and when we brought it up to the bartender she made it seem like it's a totally normal thing to do and was actually very unprofessional about it. She made US feel like idiots and like we are cheap for asking. "Oh I can give you your small change if you Really want it" "Oh really?! You will?! Even after you just told us that you don't carry coins in your register?" Brilliant! I get that some places do this, I myself have bartended in many shady Eastern European and Middle Eastern bars that do this: but I am pretty sure that this is against FTC ethical practices. You do this do 5,000 people in a week or month, short change them by .40-.50 cents and you've made an extra 2.5 grand. I'm not okay with that at all and I will complain to the GM of this place and FTC. The principal and ethics are in question. F*** that and Any bartender who would be okay with doing that. I've been in the business for many years and would never do something like that. They get one star for their practices simply because I can't give negative stars.
4	Albeit a little pricey, the tacos are good and the queso fundido makes the trip worth it.My favorites are the lobster tacos, the beer battered mahi mahi tacos, or the pork belly tacos.The queso fundido comes out on a hot cast iron mini-skillet, with oozing, decadent melted cheese, some warm tortillas and your choice of either a wine braised short rib or mushrooms. Delicious.Can be busy but pretty good for mexican food!
5	I am truly surprised on these negative reviews. By FAR the best tacos in vegas. Friendly staff, excellent service. Bryant is the man!! A gentleman sitting next to us was under the impression his dish came with a side of tortillas, which it did not. As the managers were checking on everyone, they told the man not to worry, and that they would bring out either corn, or flour right away at no charge. I will be a regular here, my husband works in the bowling department, so we come a lot on Tuesdays for happy hour. Anyways, people can make mistakes, don't be so hard on your servers!
5	Amazing food and amazing management .... Louis the manager was great.   This place is definitely a 5 star..
5	I love this place. They have the best tacos in town (pansita are my favorite), but not to forget the drinks (try the "big nose drink"), they are amazing too.
1	Went there for a going away party...service was... wait what service... Went to the bar to get drinks because our server was no where to be found... three people from our party walk up to an empty bar... 4 bar tenders are in a huddle... not paying any attention to anything... 10 minutes go by... one of the girls walks over takes the order n.. then walks away.. didn't make one drink... sad... we are the only people at the bar...odd.. 5 minutes more hours by... then a second bar  tender arrives takes the order... then starts making drinks... 2 shots one Jameson on the rocks and a house margarita poured from there wall of house margaritas... another 5 minutes... and this continued throughout the night... bad service.... what food never seen or server to order so... I'll not be back... Good luck... with that poor service...
5	I absolutely love the food here. The rice and beans taste like the way they would if you having dinner with Mexican family at home. I'm a fan of the fish tacos for sure, the batter is light, crispy and delicious with a flavorful "slaw" on top. The atmosphere is fun and comfortable although I feel like some of the table are too small if you want to have a tapas style mix and match meal with others. All in all I'm hooked on the food here. Ive been here a few times now and all my servers have been very pleasant. Our server Matt was particularly delightful and engaging and made a good meal into a fantastic experience.
2	Step your lunch game up Mercadito. Having lunch menus out front when you're serving brunch and I came in for the skirt steak I can't even get. What too lazy to change things each shift but you pull summerlin kind of money. Ridiculous. Service, terrible. Broken glass my nephew almost cut his finger on, cocktails full of floating stuff in each glass and then you still charge me for it when I let you know. Whomever is running this place should care, because it doesn't appear like they do.
3	I read some of the reviews & was hoping for the best, with that said I feel like this place has tremendous potential. The atmosphere is a lot of fun, colorful artwork all over which I always appreciate, natural & warm furniture, loud & lively & a beautiful outdoor space. It was busy when we arrived so I was happy to see it was popular! The hostesses looked a little overwhelmed & luckily the manager or sup on duty assisted us, waited about 10 mins. The seating was terrible, by far the worse part of the experience. We were sat in a section that was on top of each other & couldn't even slide our asses into the seat in between the tiny tables (I have no ass). To the left was a family of 3 somewhere from the South & possibly the loudest bunch in the entire restaurant & to the right was a mother with her daughter arguing. It felt like we were dining with all of them. Awful & annoying. Fix that terrible seating area!!!The server was very friendly & everyone who delivered plates to our table were also very nice. The food is expensive & if I'm paying $4.50 for street corn I expect better seating. Our Mahi Mahi tacos lacked flavor & the traditional guacamole was bland. The chef needs to kick up the Mexican flavors my mouth was craving. Now the good stuff, my pineapple margarita was very refreshing & we enjoyed the queso with short ribs & I enjoyed all the different salsas & chips were fresh. Our dessert was almost perfect, crispy on top & very creamy but cold on the bottom :( just needed to be heated a little longer. The food presentations were nice & I always appreciate a creative & clean plate. Work on some of the food & fix the bad seating area we were in & I believe this place will be amazing.
2	No Thanks! We will never go back. TAPA's terrible and over priced. The only reason it's a two stars because our waiter was decent and the guacamole and the drinks were okay.  I approve this message JK KUHL..
1	I received a private message from the manager after I posted a 2 star review. She offered me a $50 gift certificate if I would come in and give them another try. I supplied both my email and snail mail addresses to her. Never heard back. Changing my review from two stars to one.
1	Nothing great! Waitress seemed annoyed when we asked for more salsa. Food was very bland. Shrimp tacos were blah and the sauce was pretty nauseating to look at. The color looked much like something else.  Customers next to us  not thrilled with their meals either. Would not go back.
5	I want to give a shout out to the bartender Joe. We picked up The Booze issue Las Vegas and read about the specialty drinks available. We truly enjoyed the Smokey Pablo he made. He also shared some insights of things to enjoy while we were visiting. The entire staff was great giving us a hand out on how to make their drinks at home and information on the artist/artwork they had. Thanks for the great memories!!!
4	I could live on their shrimp tacos for the rest of my life and be perfectly content.
4	Excellent layout. Great place to enjoy cocktails outside. They do have the games on tv. Music sets the mood, for great food and drink. Happy hour is nice, and taco Tuesdays is a definite. Enjoy!
4	Having recently moved from Chicago, my husband and I were so excited to see Mercadito move into a new space at Red Rock (which is conveniently near our home). And they haven't disappointed. Mercadito has quickly become our go to mexican restaurant spot, especially on 50% industry night :)  I will say, they got off to a rocky start between new servers, the patio construction, and some apparent reservation hiccups, but they seemed to have worked it out. So I'm a bit surprised by all the mediocre reviews. Food wise: the chicken tacos and shrimp tacos are both AMAZING. The quesadillas are delish but I would stay away from the ceviche - it's not so much a traditional ceviche as a chunky weird non-cerviche version of ceviche. But hands down, the tastiest thing to order on the menu is the bread pudding (called torrejas de bolillo). It is a must order!!!!
3	It was just ok!! All the salsas didn't have no flavor. The seviche was sweet I was not expecting that and the tacos were not that good kinda bland nothing special... Probably not coming back and I would not recommended either..
4	Once you get over the fact that you're paying a premium for Mexican food, you might discover that some of the dishes are quite good. The stigma of upscale Mexican can be tough to overcome, but they do a good job of producing solid dishes at this new Chicago-chain import that took over the space formerly occupied by LBS at Red Rock. The portion size of a single order of gaucamole may be small, but the Tocino ($8.50) guac packed plenty of smokiness in this non-traditional version with bacon, corn, and habanero along with a textural contrast from the crispy hominy. The service was friendly, but the biggest drawback was having everything we ordered served at once. As soon as they brought out the guacamole they also served us our sides. Sweetness with hints of heat laced the platanos machos ($4.50) with its accompanying ginger-jalapeno sauce. The excellent depth of flavor of the elote Mexicano ($4.50) did the street food justice, but the price for one ear of corn cut in half will turn off many.Our small table was almost overflowing with plates and glassware, but still managed to cram the costillas de res ($19.50) into the mix. The build-your-own-taco entree consisted of a cast iron dish with tender, yet somewhat fatty, red wine-braised short ribs and a chipotle reduction cauliflower-turnip casserole, which were a touch bitter and undercooked for my tastes. A separate dish with tortillas, onions and cilantro was provided. It was a nice change of pace from typical Mexican fare but I'm not sure I'd order it again.The restaurant is kid friendly and provides a separate kid's menu. An order of the kid's carne asada ($7) came with a sizeable portion of sliced beef with flavors mild enough for young, developing palates.If you come here, prepare for a loud environment where you'll barely be able to hear the person sitting across from you. If you can deal with that and service that has no clue how to pace your meal you might enjoy the place.3.5 Stars
1	Typical casino restaurant: high priced and low quality. In a nutshell: both food and decor are tasteless. I ordered three things and was unhappy/disappointed with all of them for the same reason: NOTHING IS MADE HOW YOU EXPECT IT TO BE, BUT THEIR VERSION SUCKS. The ceviche was overcooked boiled shrimp (instead of cooked in lemon juice and spices) tossed in tomatoes. NO SALT. NO LEMON JUICE. NO FLAVOR. I had them take it back. I orders 4 tacos carne asada. NO PICO DE GALLO, NO SALT, NO LEMON. FLAVORLESS. It was smoked meat with bland Mexican cream, bland hicama, bland greens. The third was my drink, which I know a Cadillac Margarita is supposed to have an expensive liquor floating on top called Grand Marnier. No such thing. It came they said "in the margarita premixed."  Bullshit, you're paying for something you aren't even getting. Oh and the decor IS NOT COLORFUL AND FUN. The main colors of the restaurant were browns and tans, gives the place a very upscale feel...but then they seemed confused about what to hang on the walls because some artwork matched the interior nicely, and some was super bright tasteless paintings of flowers and graffiti.
4	Mmmmmmmm...........I absolutely love this place. The tacos and drinks are exceptional!!!! I have seen mixed reviews so wasn't too sure what I would think but I am impressed. I think more so with the drinks than the tacos. Don't get me wrong though the tacos were greeeeeaaat...but the drinks just amazing. I had the V9 which is a weird green lookin color because its has kale, cilantro amongst other things but don't let the color fool you its so good! I also had the Gauva margarita, and the Tres viejos. Both were great. I think the chili salt is the best out of the other spices on the rim of the drinks. I had the blackened sword fish tacos and the carne tacos. Wow!!!! You get for tacos for each order not sure if you can mix and match. I also ordered the chips with 3 different salsa's it was a small portion of salsa but there were 5 or 6 types all delicious.The best part I'd they have industry night all day Tuesdays and happy hour from 4 to 6. Great atmosphere great service, and a cool relaxed feel!
3	The food here is very good, as are the drinks. I'm a local, who has been here twice, and I really wanted to love this place. Amazingly, there are very few top notch Mexican restaurants in Vegas. This has the potential to be one of them. But there is a serious attitude problem. The concept is to "share" dishes, and all are brought out separately, which would be fine, if you were given plates to "share "your food with others. Other than my immediate family, I'm just not comfortable taking bites off someone else's plate. Trying to get an empty plate here was treated as inconceivable. After finishing 2 orders of tacos, 2 sides, an order of guacamole & chips, our 3rd side still hadn't appeared. When we asked about it, we were told that "things just come out here when they're ready". Call me crazy, but I'm just not into eating corn for dessert. I got the feeling that management just assumes that you are a tourist, and dismisses any concerns as irrelevant. The old adage, to "assume makes an ass out of you & me" seems fit here.
4	Enjoyed the tapas at Mercadito.  Just the right about of portions.  Though I think many will find it pricey.  But its in Red Rock Casino...so would expect it to be.  Service was great.  After 7pm expect to wait for table.  Overall a good experience.
5	Oh man, we love this place. The drinks, margaritas especially, are KILLER. We've tried several flavors, including the "with smoke" option, the cheeky cheeky boom boom, and another one that I can't remember (lol). The food is wonderful. I stick to the quest fundido with spare ribs. Perfect portion size. We usually sit at the bar and it doesn't have the traditional bar vibe. It's our new favorite place in town. The drinks are STRONG too. For the price, you're getting a great drink. The place isn't cheap,  but it's completely worth it.
5	Just had dinner at mercadito at red rock casino. Never experienced this type is tapas style dining! Was pleasantly surprised! Food was excellent and brought out in a timely manner, we had some modifications to our order and everything came out correctly as we specified! I cannot say enough about our server, Bryan, who was attentive to our questions and our requests along with explaining everything in detail! I was so impressed with his knowledge of everything we asked about on the menu! It was our first time at Mercadito and we would travel the distance from Green Valley again just to experience the culinary expertise and well as  Bryan's excellent service and friendliness!
5	Wow,  this is top notch Mexican food.   I would drive out of our way for this restaurant. Food was awesome. Service was awesome.   Highly recommend.
5	Secrets out...I'm totally obsessed with this place and their awesome deals for industry locals! If you are in the industry (show your ID and get a little 50%off card) Tues or anytime after 10pm you get 50% OFF! That puts these at taco stand prices for some high quality grub. The food is good, but getting anything at a deal just puts its over the edge to awesome town. If you aren't industry- that's okay, there's deals for everyone else too. There's happy hour daily 4-6 daily and reverse is sun-thur 10-12am, fri/sat 11-1am and taco tuesday specials after 9pm. So we've taken advantage of this deal weekly since we've heard of it and have run a good range of the menu. So far, nothing has been bad though a few have been favorites. GUACAMOLE: They have a solid traditional guac if you want to keep basic. The mango one has chunks of that and jicama it, but isn't too sweet and has good balance. The tocino has nice smokiness from bacon bits mixed in it. My fave is the tocino. I enjoy the chips they give you here, it's always warm and freshly fried.TACOS:Langosta- this was one of our favorites. Buttery creamy poached lobster with just a bit of seasoning, shallot and avocado on top. Pancita- pork belly tacos are delicious! I really like the peach salsa on it with the chicarron, but the belly is tender and has a really nice spice on it. Camaron- has a nice chipotle rojo on it, but doesnt mask the shrimp. I like how they prepared this as it was also buttery and sweet like the lobster and the seafood still shined over the seasonings. Estilo Baja- pretty solid fried fish taco. Its one of the best ones I've had in this town, when I've been sorely disappointed. I'm a Cali girl who lived in San Diego so fried fish taco was a weekly thing for me there. Pastor- it's good, but I prefer this the street cart way off the spit than cubed and seasoned pieces. I prefer the pancita over the pastor. Carne- the beef is tender and I really enjoy the jicama slaw on top.Havent had the hongos (mushroom), the espada (swordfish), and the pollo (chicken), but will update when I do. CEVICHE: There are three kinds. I've had the mixto one which had a lovely passionfruit flavor to it, but I loved the dorado as the mahi mahi texture was just awesome, perfectly tender and fresh with the orange. These came with a thin crisp bread, but honestly I prefer the chips with them! SIDES: Elote Mexicana- 1 whole corn, cut in half and put onto two skewers. I really like theirs as they cook their corn to where its easy to bite off. AGUAS FRESCAS/COCKTAILS: Their aguas frescas are yummy! Out of the three, I enjoy the pineapple ginger one best as it's just so refreshing. The cocktails here are solid. We sampled several cocktails and all were well made, balanced and not skimpy on the booze as I felt it. LUNCH: Lunch menu is slightly different as the entrees and some of the appetizers aren't on the menu. They offer tortas and tacos are 3 a order instead of 4. Ceviche, salsas, drinks are all the same.We tried a estilo baja torta as we enjoyed these as tacos. I like that they thoroughly grill up their bread so that it was crisp and did not get soggy at all. I love tortas, but so many places do it injustice by allowing it to disintegrate in 60 seconds. It was also fairly large and came with nicely crispy fries seasoned with what reminds me of lucas powder. Service has been pretty good here. Our first night the server was fantastic when we came alone and chatted us up even about Vegas as we finished our dessert. As a group the server was decent with a few slip ups as it got busy. Lunch server was super friendly, bubbly and pretty good about checking on us. One of the managers recognized us and came up to greet us with welcome back and asked what we've been enjoying. Just a note that if you're a heat wimp, let them know. I've had a few servings that was somewhat mild and another that had some medium heat of the same item. I love spicy, but I can see how this can be bothersome to someone who can't do any spice.After three solid meals, it deserved the 5 star rave. I think we are going to keep on coming until we get burnout or until the deal stops being this amazing. The food though is totally up my alley. It's got flavor and freshness that reminds me of some of my favorite places in SoCal and in Baja.
4	This place will actually get 4.5 stars from me because I will give an extra half point due to the great service I received!I came back here because I had a lot of coupons from the past elite event! I knew the food would be solid, and I was right, it did not disappoint.This time, I went to sit at the bar. I can't remember the bartenders name, but he was awesome and we chatted about the World Series since he was a KC fan. Ordered the Tres Viejos drink, basically a totally jacked up shaken margarita. The premium tequila mixed with the house made citrus juices and honey definitely tingled my taste buds, in a good way. The spiced salt that was rimmed on the glass was just the cherry on top. If you are a big fan of cocktails, you should check this place out!I wanted to check out some food here. I ordered the mango guacamole. I remembered at the previous event, we were given a pineapple guacamole that was outstanding! I thought the mango version would be equally as good. After trying it, I thought that the guac was OK. It didn't have the same "pow!" as the pineapple version. The flavor of the mango was lost in the avocado. It felt like the guac was pre-made a considerable amount of time ago. It had oxidized. The chips served with the guac were really good. They were super crispy, and they didn't have much grease on them.This time, I ordered a torta, but not just any torta, but a carne version! At the event, they had these carne tacos that were phenomenal. I decided to try their torta version. The dish was also served with French fries. Let me tell y'all about them fries. This may be a Mexican restaurant, but Mercadito probably makes some of the best fries I've ever had. The size is perfect, not shoestring and not steak fries, but a size right in the middle. They were super crispy on the outside and meltingly soft and airy in the middle. This guy right here, he was impressed!The torta was extremely good as well. The carne was just like how I remembered it, but it was cut a little bit thicker due to it being a sandwich, which I liked. The meat was seasoned well and cooked to a medium rare center. The slaw filling was creamy and crunchy and full of vegetables and herbs that were very fresh. I loved the torta bread that was used, it was fluffy and buttery. I really enjoyed that they griddle both sides of the bread to give it a nice crunch! A splendid dish.The service here is on point. I sat at the bar, and the bartender did a really great job making sure that I was well taken care of. Everyone working there seemed really friendly. I live quite a distance away so coming here on a regular basis is not really a feasible option for me. But if I did, I would be here all the time. This is a great spot for upscale Mexican cuisine and a superb drink program. They have a great happy hour here as well. Enjoyed my time here and will hopefully be back soon!!
4	Went here for lunch earlier today. Hubs and i have been meaning to check it out as we have been to ny and miami locations.  We didn't think it was as good as the previous locations we have been to but it was still a pleasant experience. We ordered the mixto ceviche which was the least favorite part of the meal, quesadillas, pastor tacos and shrimp tacos, all of which were pretty good.  The margaritas we got were the best part, the misty sleeve and little market. And their micheladas are awesomely spicy! Our server was really great as well.
5	Tuesday night is Industry Night! So half off your entire bill! Their cocktails are all very good. Only a few had the vodka option versus tequila. The Mac n Cheese is amazing, available only at dinner time tho. Good for big or small groups, easy to share items. Especially when ordering tacos, since you can't mix n match.
1	Food was absolutely horrible ! Never had tacos like these before ! The taste was just undelightful. The meat my tacos had was not fully cooked so it still felt gushy. I also had a michelada which I've ordered before and it tasted nothing like it. The place is really nice though. Love the atmosphere just would never recommend to eat here. Oh and make sure you bring MONEY; everything is charged even hot sauces !!!!!
4	Had a great experience here. Came with a group of about 40 for a business dinner. We had a good chunk of the restaurant. The menu was pre-arranged and I'm pretty sure we got 12 of everything which was a lot of food.  Service was great, which is sometimes not the case for such a big group.The winners of the night were:The fish tacos. Spicy, flavorful...I would go back just for those!The Mac and cheese. Chili poblano, corn and manchego cheese....so goodThe 3-corn pico de gallo. It's more of a side than a salsa. The textures and flavors were awesome.The margarita was too sweet. I wouldn't get it again. The dessert was also meh, but the rest of the food and the service made up for it.
5	Great patio outside on a nice night! My girlfriends and I went there for dinner and the service was fantastic. We had never been there before so we made reservations and they provide an industry discount after 10pm so we decided we HAD to try it! We each got a different drink from their drink menu, all of them were awesome, not too sweet but also did not have too much bitterness from heavy pouring I must say they have perfected the blends of these cocktails! Then we each ordered our food, and again it was to die for! Honestly we had a great experience and CANNOT wait to get back here to try some more of the menu both drink wise and food wise! I will certainly be recommending Mercadito to many of my friends here in Vegas :-)
4	Bryant was an awesome server!! Food was delicious and quick!! Drinks are so unique and yummy!!
1	They much have send out for my food. It takeing for ever to get it. If I was in Hells kitchen I might've walked out by now! The food has to be better I just hope. It looks more like a sports bar in the Mexican restaurant no Mexican music nothing makes you feel like you're in Mexico.
4	The food was great and very reasonably priced! We had the nachos and three different kinds of tacos. Atmosphere was fun as well. I will most certainly go back .
4	Really good, i give them 4 stars because the salsas (you have to pay for them) are not good, i still can't believe they charge for them and they are not even good.The food was good and the margaritas are ok.My husband got the lobster tostadas, he said they were amazing but the size is  a 1 bite tostadita. We made fun of him all night about his "tostadas".I will go back but next time i know not to order the salsas and to get my husband tostadas as appetizer and not as the main dish.
5	I can not get enough of this place! Been here 4+ times and each time it's exceeded my expectations. From the staff to service to food everything was amazing. Each time me and my party orders it takes maybe 5 minutes max before all the food comes flying on the table. The shrimp tacos are to die for and my all time FAVORITE thing they have is the bread pudding for dessert. Amazing is all I can say :)
1	The service was great, but the food was not. We ordered chicken tacos and had to return then because they were cold and the green Chile sauce was frozen! If I am going to eat a $12 taco, then the tortillas should AT LEAST be had made. I don't care about the atmosphere or fancy lighting, if you consider yourself a Mexican gourmet restaurant, at least offer better food than taco bell. Ose prices need to come down or they will be out of business. You can pay the same amount of money and get better food at Lucille's.
5	Went for industry nights  friendly staff. Great Salsas. Great virgin agua drinks. Great tacos.
4	Upon the recommendation of a friend, my fiance and I decided to give this place a shot. We were not disappointed! The food and drinks were phenomenal and the service was fantastic! First the service: the hostess was pleasant and we were seated right away. Our waitress was nice and knowledgeable about the menu. Now the food/drinks:Passion fruit margarita- Delicious! Not too sweet and in lieu of salt, they use a chili lime salt concoction around the rim. Really good!Queso fundito w/short rib: My favorite dish of the night! Gooey melted cheese, juicy braised short rib, and tasty salsa verde......I mean how could you go wrong?Espada tacos: Perfectly blackened swordfish,  spicy aioli, & jalapeno slaw make for one tasty taco!Elote: Yum! That's all I can say about this elote. Torrejas de bolillo: Ok, so I am not a dessert fan, especially bread pudding, but this dessert was soooo good! Just the right combination of buttery and sweet. I can't argue with other comments about this place being pricey,  but I don't mind when I am paying for great food. However, it does mean limited visits. But I hear there is industry night every Tuesday, so I'm looking forward to taking advantage of 50% off the entire menu very soon!
4	Really enjoyed this place! Went here for my birthday with family and I'm happy we did! We LOVE mexican food and good salsa/guacomole and Mercadito had both. The menu was a little confusing but that is very minor compared to how great the food and service was.Our waitress Amber was fabulous. She seemed very happy to be at work and was very knowledgeable. We got the 'unlimited 3 salsas,' and 'traditional guacomole,' to start with. Everything tasted sooo fresh. I'm a guacomole connoisseur (haha) and fell in love with Mercadito's guac. I'm already craving to go back for it. I got the enchiladas and they were delish. You know its great food when you can taste the freshness and that is what my family and myself kept talking about.I can't wait to go back & Thank you Amber for a great experience!
5	I love the brunch here! The guacamole a are amazing! The tacos and other dishes have unique twists that remind your taste buds that there are wonderful things going on! Did I mention the drinks? They are exquisite!!!
4	I cannot stop going here. I just can't stop. Everything from their guacamole to their drinks, alcoholic and non-alcoholic. Their street style tacos are AWESOME! Their chilaquiles, just DAMN good! Their hibiscus margarita is to DIE for! Their versions of agua frescas are AMAZING!!! Their BEST thing? Their hang over brunch menus! They are AMAZING deals. They have 2 different menus for that. Although, one of those options may get you drunk again, but it would be SO worth it! Because then you'd get to drunk eat their food when you initially went in to cure the hangover! LOL!Seriously though, probably one of my FAVORITE places to go and it's literally 2 minutes from my house!LOVE this spot!
5	This place is good! As an industry person I must say I was impressed:) Food, drinks, and service were 5 star. We sat at the bar..... Thanks Anthony for taking care of us;) However the manager kept coming in and out of the patio opening the door to talk on his phone. It was quite cold so here's a hint Mr. Manager... That's rude. Don't do that!
5	Amazing experience. Decided to get the shareable dinner option, which ended up being a lot more food than we realized for a reasonable price. And when we weren't the most pleased with the flavor of one of the options, our server bent over backwards to accomodate us. Great food and great service, I'd eat here again in a heartbeat.
4	I liked the ambiance, bar and service here better than the food.  My short rib dish with mashed cauliflower could not match what I could get at the coffee shop.  Fortunately I did sample some of my guests' dishes, and I loved the lobster tacos, carne asada plate and  cerviches.   I am not sure why this place is so pricey.  All I can say is that I'll be back more for the drinks than for the food.  Bathroom location is far off in case you need it quickly. LOL
5	Still obsessed with this place! I go about once a week! A few new must haves: the shrimp tacos w chipotle creama (dying,) lobster tacos (if you are lucky enough that they have them,) and the guava margarita w heat! Just love this place!
3	This was my third time here and for every time I would give this place 3-stars. They recently added a new family style menu with different price pp options. We decided to go with the $20 value pp which included:2-guacamoles (to share)2-salsas (unlimited)2-sides (to share)3- different types of tacos (each person gets three of the same kind)For an additional $3pp you get one dessert each. Beware of the menu it's a bit confusing; there's a lot going on. Overall the food is always good, not amazing, but good. The dessert menu is horrible!!! Only three options and what's supposed to be there best, soaked bread topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, isn't even that good. Their "second best," chocolate cake, is horrendous! I don't even want to try the coconut flan. But as far as the tacos go, I've tried almost all of them and the best would have to be the Pancita. I feel like the menu and food need improvement. For "high end" Mexican food and what they charge you'd expect a lot more. We come here because our kids love playing in the arcade and Mercadito is one of the better options inside RR. On a brighter note, the staff is great and very friendly!
1	This restaurant has decided that it's too much trouble for them to prepare two different kinds of tacos for their taco plate, so they simply don't allow it. Who's serving who? There are four to a plate. Even more obnoxious, when asked about it, you are given a lecture that their restaurant is based on sharing and how 2 people at the table can each order tacos and they can be shared if "you're the type of person who shares".  Weird... Don't show up unless you are comfortable enough to share with some one in your party off your plate.  A Mexican inspired restaurant that doesn't have refried beans unless it's dinner time, an environment that is uppity and a staff that is condescending and socially awkward. I just wonder how long it will be until they go under. We didn't even stay to eat, we couldn't stomach the attitudes. The rest of my party felt same way.
4	I have been twice now and was impressed on both visits. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious! The carne asada tacos were so tender, we questioned whether or not they were lengua. The queso fundido, and guacamole are delightful. Margarita was fresh and creative. The tables are very very close together. It is vibrant and noisy, not intimate. The first visit we were over served and constantly approached by highly attentive friendly staff. The second visit was the complete opposite. We saw our server 2 times and had to flag down others for our needs. Regardless, it is delicious, fun, upscale Mexican at a perfectly reasonable price point. We will indeed go again.
4	First visit on a Saturday night. Tried the cerviche and the steak tacos. Very good! Will visit again.
4	We have been wanting to try Mercadito for a loooong time and we were not disappointed~    Located inside the Red Rock Casino so lots of free parking and ez access as you don't have to walk thru the casino.    While the place isn't fancy it is casual and comfy.    We ordered the tacos pastor (3 per order) & the shrimp  tacos. Both were FAB! They also have salsa sampler very nice and great chips servered hot. We also ordered the guacamole quite good but pretty dang "spicy" for my tastes. Also indulged in a margarita, yuuum very deserving of the awards the server mentioned they have been awarded     Our server, Vivian was pleasant alittle ditzy tho & the food runner was nice too! The manager came by our table, which was nice too.    The food is tapas style so smaller portions, PERFECT for sharing.
5	We went to the Industry Take Over Tuesday party and had so much fun. The food was seriously some of the best and the pricing made it even better. They had lamb tacos that were part of a special where proceeds went to charity, I had those and i hope they make the menu. Absolutely delicious
4	I like this place. We had the tacos for two for $20 and it was well worth it. You get to choose 3 different types of tacos, two types of guacamole, salsa and sides. Service was exceptional and we left fat and happy. We'll be back for sure when we can take advantage of the out door seating.
2	Went in for the first time and was not impressed. Guacamole was good tacos just ok. Little pricey for ok food.
5	Great food & service. Will go again!
2	My boss chose this spot to have our manager's holiday dinner. I don't know why she picked this spot since none of us live by Red Rock Casino, but whatever. I looked at pictures and read reviews before we arrived so I had my heart set on the guacamole and carne tacos. I'll get to the food in a bit. I'm glad the restaurant was right in front of the casino. You park in front and its right there as you enter. We had made reservations prior so it was easy to sit our party of 12. Not like we needed reservations anyway because the restaurant wasn't even busy. Our server was quick to offer us drinks and appetizers while we all chatted and decided what to eat. Here comes the food...Salsa trio-3 salsas perfect for sharing with the table. Our server was nice enough to bring out all 5 of their salsas (which had unlimited refills). All were decent except for the chipotle salsa. It tasted like plastic to me for some reason. And the other salsas were decent. Nothing really stood out as wow.  Guacamole-pretty average guacamole. I could have made better at home. And $10 for a small serving? Yeah no.Carne tacos- carne asada tacos topped with a watercress-jicama slaw. The meat was really tough and chewy. Another person at my table also said his carne tacos were tough. The watercress-jicama slaw had no jicama and was very bland. I had to put salsa and guacamole in the taco to make it have some sort of flavor. So, for my small plate of guacamole and my 4 tough and flavorless tacos, I ended up paying $28. The price would have been fine had I enjoyed my food. So many other taco spots in town that I'd rather go to and spend way less and be satisfied. Definitely do not recommend this place. Our server was nice and made sure our glasses were never empty, which is why it's a 2 star review instead of 1.
4	The good: Food is amazing, I had the SWORD FISH TACOS- DELICIOUS, drinks were not only very good but unique in the style they were made, the service was tip top, they have indoor/outdoor seating.Not so good: Be sure to make a reservation as this place can get packed, not a good spot for a date or intimate setting, the seating is terrible- you might as well have dinner with the strangers next to you- I promise they are that close.
3	I really enjoy trying new restaurants and looked forward to trying a New Mexican restaurant at red rock. I heard good things about the gourmet street tacos at mercadito and tried it about a week ago. Although the happy hour drinks were tasty I was disappointed when it came to the tacos we tried. I felt the pork was chewy and lacked flavor. The service left a bit to be desired as well. Our waiter seemed ready for us to leave and hovered at our table after placing the check. Overall, I was kinda disappointed because I love most restaurants at red rock.
3	I wish Yelp had half star ratings cause this is a 3.5/5.I went when the club went up (on a Tuesday) to get that industry offer and we ordered a shit ton of food.Ambiance and decor as Marshawn Lynch would say was cool, dark vibe to it.We ordered:Tocino & Sweet Potato Guacamole - Not bad, very sweetChipotle, Roja, Habanero Salsa - Ehhhh I've had betterShrimp Ceviche - Ok cevicheQueso Fundido w/ Short Rib - Bomb.com...just be careful if you let it get cold it reminds you of what it would be like in your stomach but this is a must get but heavy app.Carne Asada Tacos - Good but nothing specialChile Relleno - Shoulda read the menu cause I wasn't expecting shrimp in it. Ok Chile RellenoCarne Asada - Bomb.com as it had great flavor and was cooked medium to perfectionEnchilada - These were cool but again nothing specialOverall the food is decent, nothing special but definitely not bad. Dope spot to have casual dinner...
2	The tacos were tasty, but way too small and overpriced. There are much cheaper, better Mexican places. I don't mind spending money, but I hate feeling like I overpaid. I definitely feel like I overpaid and didn't leave completely full. Probably won't be back. Unless it's on someone else's dime ;)
4	Mercadito is an upscale Americanized Mexican food, a genre we regularly enjoy.When we first found Mercadito on Yelp the review was 3.5 stars, so we put it lower on the list. After all, Vegas has so many great restaurants!But boy was I wrong. I totally should have tried this place earlier!Their chips and guacamole was ridiculous - super fresh and had so many ingredients in there including sweet potatoes and... bacon! mmmmThen the fish tacos and shrimp tacos... these days we only order seafood tacos whenever available, and theirs were simply amazing. One of the best Americanized tacos I've ever had.And when we finished and asked our server a box... he brought us a fresh bag of chips! A kind of service unheard of before.If you're in doubt, go for yourself and find out... price is a bit steep but totally worth it.
4	My fiance and a couple of our friends returned here on Tuesday night to take advantage of industry night. It is definitely worth waiting until 9pm to eat! Food was fantastic, drinks were delicious, and service was top notch. It doesn't hurt that all 4 of us were able to stuff ourselves for a mere $80! :)
4	This was our second visit. Definitely not what abuelita (grandma) would make but the eats are well worth the recommendation. I tried the AYCE TACOS for $19, Sunday and Monday. Well worth it. I had 12 of them. My faves were shrimp and the fish tacos. The only downside were the limes: too dry. The waiter was great. He made sure I never went without a taco in front of me. He told me they are going to report start a taco challenge after the new year, I think u need to eat 35 tacos in an hour. He recommended me for the challenge. Maybe I will come back to try it. The draft beers are $3 during happy hour. Not a bad spot inside of the Red Rock resort.
5	Me and my family love this place. Best margaritas in town!!! Lobster and Pancita tacos are the best!!!!
1	I wish i could give this place negative stars.  The food was average at best.  I would have been better off walking across the street to Del Taco.  At least there I would not be served with the attitude of the server at Mercaditio.My wife and I thought it would be a great idea to try this place.  I wish we would have stayed home.  we started the evening with an annoying uneven  table that ended up spilling my drink.  STRIKE #1Next, my wife was encouraged to order a, supposed prize winning, pre-made margarita.  It was horrible.  we have gotten better margaritas at an Irish Pub down the street.  STRIKE #2Then, we ordered.  Bad call on our behalf.  the food was average at best.  Like I said before, we should have gone to Del Taco.  We asked the waitress for more chips and she stated that there were only crumbs left and that there were none available.  Call me crazy, but i was under the impression that the chips were made there.  I guess this Mexican restaurant happened too run out of tortillas as well.  STRIKE #3The list goes on... and on.....As a long time Summerlin resident,  I will actually stick with the restaurants in town that serve good food without attitude.The only saving grace about Mercadito is that it will serve as a great butt to many jokes amongst the 200+ residents that I will be attending a banquet with tonight.Note to Spencer Campbell the manager of this sub-par eatery:  if your staff treats locals  this way, I would hate to see how they  treat tourists.  Thankfully, myself, my family, my friends, acquaintances, and associates  will stick to the Yardhouse on our biweekly visit to Red Rock Casino.
2	Bleh. Not impressed at all. I've had better food at Taco Bell. Okay, maybe not, but I did not have a good experience here. The thing that pissed me off the most? What can't you order a taco plate with different tacos?! They have to be all the same for some strange reason. Wonder if they suffer from the 'just because it's in Summerlin it must be awesome' syndrome. They did have tasty salsas....but you pay for the chips. Not a game killer but chips, c'mon man, it's like not getting bread at an Italian joint. Kinda adds that touch. And one last gripe, the outside patio, they have these short stools that are impossible to sit in and look classy.  You're straddling these things like your bareback horse riding. Me and the guy at the table next to me looked at each other as we're trying to get comfortable, like, are these things for real??!Raise the tables, quit trying to look chic and make it comfortable!
5	We went here early on New Year's Eve since we had been meaning to try this place. Collectively we had house Margaritas, traditional guacamole, red table salsa, ceviche mixto, lobster tacos and pastor tacos. We loved all of them! The ceviche had passion fruit juice in the citrus marinade which gave it an amazing  flavor. The lobster tacos had nice big chunks of lobster. The meat in the pastor tacos was lean and they added the traditional pineapple. The Margaritas were good. Overall the take on Mexican food here is light, fresh and modern. Traditional stuff with a little tweaking. There was nothing heavy or overly spicy. We will return!
4	They offer several weekend brunch option that include cocktails!! Large patio will be fun this spring! Will definitely go back.
1	Very disappointed, average food and below average service. Will not be back anytime soon.
5	We love this place and eat here regularly.   Glad to have this option nearby. Love the salsa trios, margaritas, and happy hour tacos. Brunch is amazing too!
4	Different take on tacos, very tasty, salsas are excellent, nice manager.  For military they do 15% off on military Monday's. Will come back again.
2	Food has good flavor but way way too spicy for those who can't have heat. I got the shrimp tacos with sauces on side and the shrimp was so spicy I could not eat them. They need to make a concession for those who can't eat this. Will not be going back.
5	5 stars to Mercadito - great value! Our group went on  Tuesday - looks like us service industry folks get 50% off!Drinks:We all tried various cocktails and margaritas in their menu. All drinks were well balanced and had great flavor! The "Little Market" cocktail with chile guajillo, pineapple and tequila was my personal favorite. Chips / Salsa / Guac:We tried a little of everything. Good flavor overall - the pineapple guacamole was my absolute favorite! and the tomatillo salsa was amazing as well.Entres: We all only got tacos - so I can't speak for the rest of the menu but it the overall food quality is on par with our meal - I'm sure it's amazing!I had the langosta (lobster). Extremely fresh and flavorful! Between the rest of our party we basically had everything there is to offer taco-wise. Everyone was pleased with the overall food quality.Overall - I would say Mercadito is great! And it's an amazing added bonus, the phenomenal specials they run Tuesday nights.
2	No bueno. No Flavor. I was disappointed with Mercardito. The flavors offered here fell short and bland on my tastebuds. The ambiance and service were great, but in all honestly, I wouldn't consider rushing my return. I was rather annoyed that the mediocre salsa and chips were not complimentary and had to be bought. Actually, the freshly made chips alone were fresh and the highlight of the evening - but that's saying more than enough. Here's what we tried:Queso fundido - baked chihuahua and oaxaca cheese, corn tortillas with short ribs $9.50. The cheese hardened immediately when it was brought to us, making the dish awkward to serve. They gave us a bare amount of short ribs; not to mention, the short ribs were bland and got lost in the hard cheese. Expensive, considering the amount of food they provide you with. Flavor rating 2/5Tacos estilo baja - beer battered mahi mahi, chipotle aioli, Mexican style slaw $14.50. A major letdown. The menu advertised "crispy" beer battered - yet the fish were all super soggy once we received it. Also, the flavor profile was extremely basic; There was nothing memorable or unique about these tacos. The chipotle aioli didn't pop with flavor. It was flavorless, fell apart and nearly inedible. Also, the high price point, weak flavor, and small portion size of each taco didn't make any sense to me. I felt extremely misled and ripped-off. Flavor rating: 1/5The Elote $4.50 (half an ear) oh man, was I deceived! The corn barely had any seasoning or cheese on it, super plain and even the corn kernels were tiny, not juicy and not very sweet. I would never recommend ordering this. Half of a corn for $4.50 has to be some cruel joke. Flavor rating: 0/5We also had the "salsa tasting" with chips for $3.50 - they bring out the tiniest little dishes ever imaginable, that barely held any salsa in it. I mean, really, 2 dips and that's it? The tomatillo was our favorite as it was the most flavorful out of the bunch and then the habanero was our second favorite - I personally wished the habanero was spicy, but the flavor grew on me slowly as I continued to eat it. The chipotle and chile de arbol were too similar in taste for us to be able to distinguish between the two. The salsas were overall lacking a lot of flavor. Let's just put it this way; I've definitely had much better (cough: El Dorado Cantina). Flavor rating 3/5When it's all said and done, I wouldn't recommend Mercardito for bright or authentic flavor. For flavorful Mexican cuisine, generous portions, with a great bang for your buck, I would highly recommend trying El Dorado Cantina - their salsa and chips are extremely fresh and flavorful (plus they're complimentary!) Also their menu offerings are created with a lot of soul and ton of flavor. Mercardito? I'll press the snooze button on that one.
3	I had the opportunity to try four different types of tacos one night. Three of them I hadn't tried. The ones I had however were not super appealing, the newer ones did about the same for me. Not what I expected both times I had went.
4	I tackled ALL YOU CAN EAT TACOS!Now served Sun-Mon for $19.50! Drum roll.........10 tacos down! Me vs. Food, round 1 winner- ME!You get 2 of the same taco per order. And the langostino is not part of the deal. Here's the break down- 2 swordfish, 2 shrimp, 2 mushroom, 2 pancita (pork belly), 2 chicken. Got my money's worth, as 2 tacos are $6.50 at happy hour. $6.50 x 5 = 32.50.Not saying I needed 10 tacos, but it's a challenge I had to accept. And a good way to sample all the tacos!My faves were the pork belly (not spicy but tasty) and the mushroom (kinda creamy, nice break from meat tacos). The swordfish had a nice spicy flavor, the shrimp were too spicy/garlicky, the chicken were good and they now have bacon. I sat at the bar, and wasn't informed of the AYCE special, though I wasn't walked into the bar by a host either. No signage for the deal anywhere, guess you have to be in the know or rely on staff to mention it. The deal is on their Web site, and Facebook. Now good luck beating my 10!
