2	I won some gift certificates at my school's raffle, and never having eaten here before, my husband and I decided to check it out. We were both quite hungry, so we ordered the croissant appetizer. They were under-baked, greasy, and drizzled with honey- both unexpected and disappointing. Hubby's clam chowder was full of grit and my salad was drenched in dressing, topped with a handful of chopped mushy tomato, and also full of grit. The grit police must have been on vaycay. Hubby ordered the prime rib sandwich (which is one of his favorites at Houston's) and it turned out to be a full slab of nearly tasteless meat which was poorly trimmed and ribboned with tough membranes on a lame toasted roll. He would have had to tear into it like a Neanderthal to eat it like a sandwich, so he ended up eating as much as he could stand with knife and fork. The au jus tasted like bouillon- and super strong at that. My entree was far better- a tender and perfectly cooked fillet of beef (although I had ordered the less expensive sirloin) with a delicious baked potato with all the trimmings. I ended up giving him about 1/3 of my steak since I felt so badly for his disaster of a meal. When we complained to the manager, he offered us more gift certificates, and we turned them down. You, too, should just say no to this dark, inexplicably crowded, disaster of a restaurant.
5	The house salad and any of the steaks are delicious.I prefer mine done medium-well and this is about the best steak place that I have been to.
1	Everything here is mediocre.BlahThe food is blah, the menu is a snore, the restaurant ambience is dark and boringMediocre all the way.
4	The atmosphere here is very cozy.  It is all dark wood and dark interiors.  The wait staff is all dressed in black.  The lighting is minimal with spot lighting for each table and what appear to be gas lamps on the walls.The food is served in a minimalistic style.  You order a dish and a side.  You pay for each part of your meal individually instead of as a combination.The vegetables were very fresh and cooked simply.  I would definitely eat here again.  The only downside is that it seems a little bit pricey for what you get.
4	This is a chain steakhouse. I usually have the Fillet Mignon - rare, it melts in my mouth. I get the Cesar salad with croissant, garlic mashed potatoes or french fries, sauteed mushrooms, my mouth is watering thinking about it. My iced tea is always full. My biggest complaint is that the wine selection is pretty bad for a steak house and the staff isn't sure weather or not they have a corkage fee. Waiters & waitresses are usually very nice and accommodating. A few times they have not cooked the steak correctly, they are good at fixing it for you, or giving you gift certificates to make up for it.
3	Croissants and bread pudding. That's the only reason I eat here, the rest is just details. Ok, the rest of the food is pretty good. I know in all my reviews I put a disclaimer about "it's nothing AMAZING" and this one is no exception. The atmosphere is dark and relaxing and at lunch time, it's always busy. Today I had the new chicken salad sandwich...meh. I should have stuck to their fish or steak selection. They know how to grill a steak or a fillet of fish. The chicken salad however was sad and disappointing. The bread was so coarse that it scraped the roof of my mouth, the chicken salad barely had any mayo and WAY too much red onion chunks. I won't be ordering that again. Other than that, I'm rarely disappointed with Charleston's and plan to devour more croissants and bread pudding. Those are a little piece of heaven on a busy day!
5	One of my absolute favorites!  A beautiful atmosphere of dark wood, brick, and dim candles set the mood.  The service is great, and last time I was there the bartender was amazingly friendly and treated me like we had known each other for years!  And as a bonus he was absoutely adorable ;-)  The bartenders are also very knowledgable and talented.  The free pour which is a lost art at restaurants, this brings you back.  The food is always good and they have a good variety of all american food.  Start with the spinach artichoke dip or shrimp cargot, both are to die for.  The steaks and prime rib are very good too.  One thing about this place is that if you order steak or prime rib they use very little seasoning so it is great for true steak lovers who don't need to drown their meat in sauce and seasoning to enjoy it.  Another review was critical of the prime rib sandwich because it is a slab of meat on toasted bread, but why would you ruin prime rib with mayo or mustard?  But ask for it english cut to slice it up some.  I order lots of different things there too though, like the honey-lime salad, chicken club sandwich, ribs, and roasted chicken.  End your meal with the brownie sundae or bread pudding, both are delicious!  Enjoy!  I always do!
4	I typically like to stay away from chain restaurants, but the mister and I were looking for a cheap place and served good food. He suggested Charleston's and I thought "Hmmm... it looks like Denny's from the outside."As soon as we got inside I really liked the interior. It has a nice ambiance... as my friend Peter once said, "It's where I like to go when I want to feel fancy for a cheap price."We had the Honey Burger I think its called and the prime rib au jus sandwich. Both were beyond my expectations. The great surprise was the baked beans that I ordered with my prime rib sandwich! YUMMERS! The burger was one of the best I have had and the sauce with it is just spicy enough to be flavorful, but not overpowering... I am not a big SPICE fan.The one downside was that my boyfriend's fries were cold with his burger, but they instantly brought us new, hot, fresh ones.
4	charlestons is one of the few chains i actually enjoy. I love their croissants and their staff is always awesome. their chicken strips are awesome. i love their grilled chicken and veggies, too. They have an awesome blackened grilled chicken, they don't use oil to cook either which is a plus! they no longer have it on the menu but have never given me a problem ordering it!yay for charlestons!
4	Being a vegetarian I did not think Charleston's would have much for me. It turns out that I was right, HOWEVER, what they did have for me was actually very simple but amazing!I had a business meeting today with a vendor and my biz partner. We all shared the spinach artichoke dip, which was super tasty and a great portion size. The chips were nice, warm and fresh and the dip came with salsa and sour cream on the side.I had a house salad sans the bacon plus avocado for my entree and a baked potato on the side. I opted for the creamy garlic dressing and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD! The salad was fresh with egg, carrots and chopped tomato and the avocado made a nice addition.They cover their potatoes in sea salt.. its pure genius. I'm serious. Genius. All I needed was a little butter and sour cream and I was set.Our waitress was very attentive but not super friendly. She had a new iced tea out to me before I was halfway done with the one I was currently drinking. Great service but I have had to make five trips to the bathroom since.This is a pretty good place for a business lunch but I wouldn't come here outside of that because I normally like something a little heavier for dinner and its a tad on the pricey side, but hey, I didn't pay so what do I care?
5	The chicken ciabatta sandwich is out of this world. Great service and many delicious menu items makes Charlestons one of my regular lunch destinations
4	I read the reviews on Charleston's and decided to take the plunge even though there were a few negative reviews. I am a visitor to AZ for business and have grown so tired of restaurant food. I love salad and find most places don't know how to make a decent salad, the one at Charleston's was so good with fresh tomato and egg and the creamy garlic dressing!! Yummy.The filet was medium well and I not being a steak fan usually need some type of sauce (except for Ruth/Chris), but this steak was really good. I took my meal to go and couldn't wait to get the hotel because it smelled so good.Last but not least was the baked potato. The salt on the outside, I quote someone else, "genius". I used curbside to go - AWESOME.If you haven't tried this place, go - despite the few bad reviews. I am now a fan and will do something I rarely do - eat the same meal two days in a row (I am not kidding, it was good!!)
3	I've driven past Charleston's on the I-10 and Ray plenty of times and never gave it much thought, but a few weeks ago I was invited to a business lunch there and it is pretty much perfect for that. It's a nice professional atmosphere and I was actually impressed with my spinach salad, the quality was much better than I expected. I don't have a whole lot else to say except that the croissants that come with lunch are heavenly.
3	I'm not a huge fan of chains but the food here is always consistently good. This is standard "American", little of everything, place. It is a good place to have a lunch meeting if you want to try to please unknown tastes.
4	This place has a bit of an identity crisis going on.  The dark wood and low lighting gives it a lounge feel.  That plus the good selection of beers on tap and lively bar makes it a great place for a romantic date or a fun girl/guys night out.  But the family resteraunt prices means that you also have pleny of people who are going to show up with their rugrats.  Overall, I give it a thumbs up because they made me a Salty Dog with fresh squeezed grapefruit juice which was awesome.  And the food was really good too.  I consider most of the menu to be "man-food" but they also have some really incredible salads that are ample size for a meal.  For an appetizer, the shrimp escargot style is amazing.
3	My Cajun friend who says he knows his ribs, thinks Charleston's baby backs are pretty good.  The ribs certainly were tender and falling off the bone, though I was mostly concentrating on the okra side.  I love fried okra... and they give you alot!  My boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich, I thought it was going to be shaved meat... literally it's a steak in a loaf of bread.  I wish they gave us some horseradish, forget the bread... just like a steak dinner.  :)
5	Charlestons has got to be by far one of my favorite restaurants. First of all, its not very expesive but gives the illusion of a high class nicer restaurant. The service is impeccable and the staff really does care about the customer. They will comp a meal if they can tell someone is not happy with it. They also work as a team so your drink glasses never go empty. I also love the fact that I have never had to experience screaming kids. For some reason, I think people don't consider this a kid friendly restaurant which is fine with me! But my favorite thing about Charlestons is definately the food!!! I am absolutely in love with the Walt's Champaign chicken salad and their croissants with honey drizzle are incredible! I have tried several other dishes here so here are my other recommendations:  Chicken salad sandwich - huge and just a downright good sammich, Chicken club salad - This is the hubs fav salad. Totally a man's salad with fried chicken, bacon, avocado, cheese, and make sure to order with lots of ranch dressing to clog your arteries even furtherRigatony Bolognese - For not being an italian restaurant, this dish was still amazing. Creamy and a little spicy. Huge portion alsoOver Roasted Chicken - One of the best chicken dishes Ive ever had! Order with the mashed potatoes (very good consistency and flavor) and the baked beans (dip the chicken in the beans... crazy but sooooo good)Prime Rib with mashed potatoes - Ive have never had their prime rib but the hub says its one of the best he has had and is consistently well trimmed and has had good flavor each time he's ordered it. A few other things worthy of mention: Maryland crab cakes (full of crab and the apple relish served with it is fresh and a really good accompanyment), and the creamy chicken noodle soup (only served one day a week but this is the best chicken noodle soup Ive ever had and I really dont like chicken noodle soup! I would eat this shit even when I am not sick!)And the last, most important thing to remember if you go to Charlestons: YOU MUST ORDER THE BREAD PUDDING!!! Yes yes, I saved the best for last. This bread pudding is the best bread pudding you will ever have. I have converted many a bread pudding hater (myself included) with this bread pudding. Haha. Take my advise and you will be glad you did. I expect a thank you!!!! So to sum it up, Charlestons may be a chain restaurant but I believe its one of the best chains out there. Every time I eat there, I am content with the overall experience. Try this restaurant and their bread pudding and you will not be sorry!
3	This was my favorite restaurant until today.  My family would meet there once or twice a month.  The food is always good; however, today I found out NO more salad with your meal.  The salad is what set their restaurant apart from others.  I paid $20 for a piece of meat and a baked potato.  No salad, no bread!  I will be looking for another restaurant in the area that gives me a full meal for $20.
4	Fanatastic soup and salad combo. The potatoe soup is an everyday item I am sure because it is so tasty. The only draw back is on a Saturday night/date night, screaming kids kinda ruin the ambiance.Otherwise it was great. Good service and a short wait for the table.
3	Went here a couple more times and have to downgrade it to 3 stars for the food and service.  Nothing in particular... just overall not as good as what we experienced the first time we went there.
3	It's late I'm hungry....What the heck is Charleston's?  Unfortunately, this place is located in the corner of the corner.  Yes, if you need to find this place please update your GPS.  Food was okay at best, but the service was what made me smile.  I had the Hickory Burger and my mate had the fish of the day Tilapia.... Fishy she said.  Yes, Tilapia is a fish, but my favorite was the deep fried okras yum.  The place was kind of old fashion...I wasn't sure if I was supposed to sign the Declaration of Independence or order me some Sam Adam's - Enjoy!
4	I'm not going to lie, I come to Charlestons primarily for their oven roasted chicken (which is fantastic, though I wish was available in all dark meat) and their croissants, which should be outlawed for simply being insanely good and perfectly done up.Their glazed carrots are everything glazed carrots should be: sweet, delicious, and perfectly cooked. Their mashed potatoes have a ton of flavor as well, and even if this is a done-up chain type restaurant, this place gets it right a fair amount of the time. I almost feel guilty enjoying it as much as I do, but it's really damn decent food for a relatively decent price. (I had the burger recently, which was only so-so, as they were out of my chicken, but the champagne vinaigrette salad is awesome.)Most of the time, I get curbside takeout, which is fast and efficient, but seating inside is nice if there aren't screaming kids. The music trends from decent to absolutely awful, but I don't know how much control anyone there has over that. And it's nice and dark and comfy if you eat in.
1	Went to dinner this past weekend with family to one of our "regular" places". We have found over the past year that Charleston's has not been near as consistent as it used to be. Our favorite meals seem to have lower quality meats and they have changed their menu so salads are no longer included.  It's really no longer an average priced place, but it's become very average food :(
4	Good food, speedy lunch service and nice people.  Enough said.
5	This location rocks! We've been in AZ and TX and let me tell you, they have the BEST ribs on the planet! You would never guess it, but since being in the land of the bbq nation = TX, this place wins hands down.They also have the best spinach and arti dip around. Salads are great, glazed carrots are to die for, and honey-drenched croissants that will make you drool. Ok, now I'm hungry...Service is always top notch and friendly. Would recommend to anyone for any type of food - they have it all!
3	We recently visited the Charleston's Restaurant in Chandler/Ahwatukee and had a nice time.  We opted to sit in Lounge Seating versus Dining [where the Service left a little something to be desired - Hence the 3 stars] and had an appetizer that was to die for - Shrimp Cargot - and for dinner we both selected the Salmon since that was the primary reason why we went there to begin with - Per my Papa's recommendation.  In true fashion, he was absolutely right about the 'awesome-ness' of the Salmon's seasoning, moistness and overall charring execution...Delicious!  We will definitely return for this meal time and time again.
5	Great food. From the croissant to the pizza to the burgers to the steak.  And fantastic side dishes and dinner salad.  A must visit.
5	Came here last for a wonderful dinner. Even though it was St. Pat's Day we opted to stay out of the craziness.  We were greeted right away by a friendly staff. We were given a really nice booth and got our drinks right away. They continued to fill our drinks all through dinner, coffee and ice Tea. Our dinner was incrediable!! Really good chicken quesadilla and then i had a grilled chicken salad, my girlfriend and the ribs and Chicken. You  can choose 2 sides, any thing they have. She got the spring Vegtables and Burgundy mushrooms. Fantatic meal. No way to eat it all, so the dog was happy when we got home. We can't wait to go again.
4	I was invited here by my grandparents for their last dinner while they were in town before heading back to the midwest and had no idea what to expect... but I was pleasantly surprised.To start out with, it is tucked behind several other chain restaurants and backed right up to highway 10 (don't worry you can't hear any of the traffic once you're inside!). So if you think you're in the wrong place keep driving through the parking lot towards the highway - it'll show up eventually.The restaurant itself is a nice, dimly lit almost wine cellar looking place. The booths were comfortable and the noise level was quiet enough to hold a pretty good conversation. The service wasn't anything to write home about but at least they weren't rude. On the other hand, their croissants that come with your meal... I almost wrote 12 letters home to my mom because they were so fantastic, but be prepared you only get one with your meal so eat it wisely (or just be prepared to pay a little extra if you really need more!). The entrees were reasonably priced for what you get. My chicken was cooked well and very filling and my grandparents raved about their ribs.So overall: good food, ok price, and ok service. i.e. - 4 stars from me!
4	I was taken here for lunch with a couple of guys by one of my partners at work. I can't remember what I had but I remember the portion being perfect. I left and didn't feel like a zombie after lunch. Our waitress was on top of her game. My glass never went below the halfway mark before getting a refill. I would absolutely go back again and I plan to as soon as possible.
5	Heard that Charleston had the best roasted chicken ever and I was craving it. So made may way there and the waitress recommended I try the chicken rib combo, OMG this was an incredible meal, they did not disappoint. Later I had one of the best Key lime pies ever for dessert! Wow, I will absolutely be a regular here when I'm in town.
2	I have been coming to this location for at least 6 years.  The quality of the food has gone down quite a lot this past year.  It used to be our family's favorite place to dine and have prime rib.  We brought some friends over for dinner last month and was very disappointed.  Also, they didn't cook the meat as we wanted.  When we complained they only offered to put it back on the grill. No apologies.  Service was mediocre and the quality of the meet is not as good as it used to be.  I am sad as i had hoped that things would be as they used to be... A quality dining restaurant.  I won't be back.
2	They just opened up in Surprise, My wife and I thought that we would give it a try. We walked in and there was only one other couple there and it took about 3min for them to decide what table we were gonna sit in and who was gonna serve us. We sat down and noticed all of the dog pictures, kind of weird. The girl that was serving us never introduced herself, so have no idea what to call her. We told her this was our first time but she did not recommend anything. The cheddar fries were good and that was it. I could see the cooks in the back eating while preparing food. The staff were just standing and joking around. I only got one drink refill. It took about 15min for the server to come back and take our order. I ordered the chicken fried steak and it tasted like it came from mcdonalds and I only ate about 25% of it. My wife had the turkey and avocado sandwich and she only ate a couple of bites. She said it tasted dry and the avocado was bad. After the table was cleared of plates it took about another 5-10min for the check to arrive. We will not be going back here again.
3	Went off of the reviews on yelp and found them somewhat accurate so here is mine. We went for lunch. 1 appetizer, 2 dinners and 3 beers =$66..I guess not to bad.  Service was great! Food - We had the spinach dip and both of us got the Chix and Rib plate. Portions were huge, a plus. Chicken was very salty and ribs were, in both our opinions over-sauced. I don't like digging through sauce to find meat and the flavor of the meat was covered up by the super rich, sweet sauce.
1	Only been here once but I will not be back so here is my review. While the service staff seemed very nice the place smelled like stale beer. Kind of a dump really.
5	They guarantee have the best croissant in the valley!
4	We come here every couple weeks, because it's close by, the food and service are consistently good, and because my son is nuts about their ribs.To put finer points on all that, let's start with the staff.  They are always, to a person, extremely friendly and attentive.  I've never once experienced a dud.   Your soda and water glasses will never go empty and they'll always serve with a smile.Now, the food.   My only complaint here is they don't do half-sandwiches, and I wish they would, because the portions are huge and there's only so much anyone needs to eat at one sitting.  But they are good.   The ribs are probably one of the best things on the menu, and frankly, they blow away the crap served down the road at Rudy's and Can't Stop Smokin'.    Now, are Charleston's ribs barbecued for hours?  No, they're grilled, but they're amazingly tender and flavorful and they taste *good* every single time. The croissants are like little pillows of heaven.  I don't know how they do it, but i have never in my life had croissants as good as these.Last night I tried the Walt's Champagne Chicken salad for the first time.  WOW, what a nice, flavorful, balanced salad.  I'll definitely be doing that again.The potato soup is to die for.The ambience of the place is fairly typical suburban upper-midscale.  It's casual, but if you're wearing flip-flops and pajamas this place isn't for you.  Frankly, no place is, but this place for sure.   Two thumbs up from me...this place is a winner every single time.
5	We came here again the other night for dinner. I have always enjoyed my meals at this place. Again ,I was not disappointed.My girlfriend got wine and I an Ice Tea, they kept it filled the entire time. I really like their Tea,what ever brand it is ,I would like to buy. It is never too bitter or sweet.We both got the chicken and ribs. The ribs are so tender they just fall off the bone. I am not joking about that. They are really good as well. You notice when you are outside as you are walking up the smell is marvelous! Yes, I said it Marvelous!Everything in here is always good. We even got some food to go so we could have it the next day.Nice staff and good food, sounds good to me and we will be back many times in the near future.Lots of parking in the lot.
3	Excellent food and table wait staff but that really didn't offset the 52 minute wait to be seated after being told the wait would be 20 minutes. I don't mind waiting except people that came in after us got seated with little or no wait...seems a staff person would just seat people he saw standing regardless of the wait list.
4	They have a sausage with fresh basil thin pizza on the app menu that is amazing.  I don't know what they do to it, but it's so damn good.I've tried the champagne chicken salad which is good too, and Mr. M and I have shared the chicken and ribs entree which is a lot of food, so perfect to share, and we've enjoyed that too.But we have a regular routine of swinging in here just for that pizza and a beer or a glass of wine.  We've always had great service in the bar area.  I like the dark wood and the booths are semi-private which is nice if you want to carry on a conversation.The pizza is 5-stars and the wine gets 3-stars because they give a skimpy pour for the price.
5	Great service and the food above average. I will eat here again. I wish I had room for desert, it looks so good. Moderate prices but so much food it makes it worth the extra price.
3	I went and tried this restaurant out at about 5 on a Wednesday evening.  It wasn't busy at all and this place is really nice and clean on the inside.  The customer service was excellent.My friend and I had the Fresh Basil Italian Sausage Pizza for $10 as a starter.  It looked like one of those 99 cent frozen Totino's Pizzas from the grocery store.  However, it was pretty good and tasted fresh. I think it is a little overpriced though.I had the Chicken Ciabatta Sandwich.  It tasted fresh and the ciabatta bread was great.  The smoke flavor was a little over the top for me.  However, it was good overall.  My friend had the Crispy Chicken Sandwich.  It was good but I liked the ciabatta bread on the other sandwich better.The fries were very thin in size and decent.  Overall, it was a good dining experience and I would go back to try the other items on the menu.
5	Great place. Tremendous service and a great staff
1	I used to love this place because they had a huge variety like the Cheesecake Factory (aka something for everyone). But when I went in April they completely cut down the menu and all the good dishes are gone. I was really disappointed and expected more.
4	Service was outstanding!Fresh Guacamole & Chips were excellent!Atmosphere was fantastic!Was in Phoenix on business and went to Charleston's on a recommendation from a friend back home.  I don't enjoy dining by myself when travelling, so I tend to find a place at the bar and watch a game or read a book while eating.  The service was outstanding!  Both the manager and the bartender were great; friendly, warm, & welcoming.  The ribs came recommended (which was my plan) but I started out with a 1/2 off appetizer of fresh guacamole & chip and a happy hour Amber Ale.  I realized quickly that the appetizer was going to do me.  My only regret ... I didn't get to try the ribs.  The table behind me ordered some as I was getting ready to leave and they smelled incredible.
1	On 7/10/2013, I took my two step-sons, my wife, and a family friend to Charleston's to celebrate the older boy's 18th birthday.  Our server was Becky.  We left the restaurant at 6:14pm.  Our check # was 76956.  Three members of our party suffered horrible food poisoning starting a few hours after the meal, lasting for about 36 hours.  Two of these members ending up using PTO to call in sick the next day to work.  I called the restaurant the next day to let the assistant manager know what happened.  She mentioned the manager would call me back.  As of this date, 7/18, the manager has never called.  I would have expected some type of compensation from our $135 dollar dinner bill.  This was our third time to dine there, and will be our last.
1	came in for dinner one night and sat at the bar... super low lighting... both bartenders were very friendly and made good beer recommendations.... they were, in my opinion, pushing everything on the menu like it was the best thing on earth..... didnt mention the specials till i over heard a waitress talking about them... then he had to ask the other bartender what they were...I ordered the terrayki top sirloin steak special with garlic mashed potatoes... Steak wasnt that good at all but it was cooked to a good medium like i asked. That doesnt earn them any more stars though... mashed potatoes were ok.... Best thing about this place was the beer and thats not even gonna get them an extra star because they sell those beers everywhere in AZ..... wont be coming back here either!
5	Try the Grilled Trout!  It's awesome.  Veggies are fresh.  The service is always good, not matter how busy they are.
4	Outstanding on many levels.  Walking in, this restaurant will feel VERY familiar.  From the bar to the waiting area to the dining room, it might be your first time but you'll swear you've been here before.  We had a group of 14 and two young ladies did an outstanding job on every level with our group.  Nobody wanted for anything the entire time.The dinners are simple cafe type fare, but are well prepared and presented.I ordered the oven roasted half chicken with mashed and baked beans.  Everything was outstanding and the white meat on my chicken was moist and tasty.Drinks are on the lighter side, but other than that you shouldn't have any problems with this restaurant.Enjoy.
4	Very good food Awesome service Price a little steep for the type of foodI will return.
4	The prime rib is unbelievable!!! Get it with the raw horseradish and dip it in the sauce. It is a party in the mouth!! Service is surprisingly fast, and very nice. Love a place with friendly people.
5	Had the mahi mahi.  Food was very good as always.  The service was excellent.  Way to go,  Charleston's wait staff!
3	First the bad: Atmosphere was dark and intimate, however the loud pop music playing in the back round was a bit strange for such a dark and elegant restaurant. We felt like the music belonged in an Applebee's. The water that was served tastes like it came out of 50 foot garden hose. I would expect at least filtered water in such an upscale place. We had to order a bottle water. The Good: Menu had a great selection, we chose a $13 salad and a $20 chicken n ribs platter. Then we ordered the clam chowder for an appetizer. Soup was AMAZING! More meat than potatoes. The salad and the dinner entree was a nice size and tasty. We asked ahead for a half order but they would not accommodate :-/Service was excellent from the moment the doors were opened for us until we left. Waiter was very accommodating and nice. Overall nice place...
5	This is  one of our favorite restaurants & we take out of town visitors here & they love it too.  Order the carrots as one of your sides & the croissants that come with the salad are fantastic!
4	Taste just like roadhouse but more expensive. The service is much better than roadhouse and it's more classier. The catfish plate is pretty good!
3	Charlestons was our "go to" place to take special friends.  We went there for the first time this year and found higher prices, no salad or the delicious croissant.  This was definitely a disappointment!!!! The prime rib was fine...nothing special.  We'll find a different restaurant next time.
4	This is the second time I eat here. My family and I had a great dinner service and the only reason I didn't give the five stars were minor service issues.The food is excellent. It is seasoned well and taste delicious. The service was great, there was only one occasion where we needed a refilled and actually had to ask for it but all other times, they arrived before we needed the refill. Staff was friendly as soon as you walk through the door until you left.The other issue was when we went the first time, we saw people getting pieces of bread before their order was ready and we didn't get anything. On this visit, after our order was taken, i asked the staff about the basket of bread that I saw in several tables. The waiter told me that there they provide french bread free of charge and croissants for a small price. I requested a basket of french bread to taste but that order never showed up. Again, not a big issue but still a valid one. When you are waiting for your food, a piece of bread usually quiets the hunger until your order arrives especially if you have kids.
4	This is the second time I eat here. My family and I had a great dinner service and the only reason I didn't give the five stars were minor service issues.The food is excellent. It is seasoned well and taste delicious. The service was great, there was only one occasion where we needed a refilled and actually had to ask for it but all other times, they arrived before we needed the refill. Staff was friendly as soon as you walk through the door until you left.The other issue was when we went the first time, we saw people getting pieces of bread before their order was ready and we didn't get anything. On this visit, after our order was taken, i asked the staff about the basket of bread that I saw in several tables. The waiter told me that there they provide french bread free of charge and croissants for a small price. I requested a basket of french bread to taste but that order never showed up. Again, not a big issue but still a valid one. When you are waiting for your food, a piece of bread usually quiets the hunger until your order arrives especially if you have kids.
4	Stopped in for lunch at the recommendation of a friend who was craving the catfish platter. We both opted for the lunch special, a catfish sandwich plus a side. We chose the coleslaw to compliment the sandwich. Both the sandwich and the slaw were wonderful. I also ordered a cup of clam chowder. It was nothing special. In fact kind of bland to me. The service was great. My lunch was great. I will definitely return.
5	Went to Charleston's last evening and had an amazing dining experience.  The food is consistently good, the service was great and even though there were small kitchen hicupps the waiter and manager more than made up for them.If you have not tried their Chicken Piccata you need to.  It is tangy and lemony and the capers and artichoke hearts make it amazings good!  I would highly recommend this location and like usual- they did not disappoint.
4	I would give four stars, but they don't have a good appetizer selection.  Otherwise, this place is delicious.  I do confess, I come for the beef dip sandwiches which are pricey, but worth it (and big so you can share).  The salads are fresh and chock full of great ingredients with delicious housemade dressings (and their signature honey croissant which is always freshly made, not out of the oven).  Service has always been excellent too.  I am just sorry I took so long to try this place out, I think the name and location might have something to do with it.  Charleston's sounds like a southern fish place maybe and it's located behind Carraba's.  In any case, trust me, this place is very good.
4	I love charelstons! 5 star service and food at 3 star price. Its all about the ribs and chicken, its amazing. Also the lobster soup is a banger as well.
4	I went to Charleston's with my family. We were seated promptly which is always nice with kids. My husband ordered a glass wine, which he enjoyed. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip as an appetizer. It came out hot and was good. My husband ordered the salmon as his meal. It was slightly overcooked but was still good. I had the shrimp scampi and it was good. The atmosphere is great here. Very quiet. The server was always on top of everything.
4	First time going to this restaurant with my family last night. When we first arrived we weren't greeted with a smile it was more like an "oh geez, now we have to seat 7 people." Let's just say the hostess wasn't happy to actually work. Anyway we were seated and it was nice and our drinks were ordered and arrived promptly after. As I look upon the menu and was trying to decide on what to eat, I looked at the prices and mostly every dish was over $20. So I chose Barbecue baby back ribs and roasted chicken. I'll tell you about 15-20 minutes later our food came but it was fast. Our waitress kept checking up on us the whole night and I was thirsty and not once asked for a refill because there was always a new glass delivered. Which was awesome. Overall it was a great dinner and place, except for the hostesses attitude. Great place to eat and be served.
5	I have been off work, injured, so I sat down and starting reviewing all these places we have gone to since I have nothing better to do then eat. So you see I have a lot of reviews , most written in a couple of days, but let me tell you this, these are honest reviews. So,  let me tell you about Charleston's. This is such a nice place. We go to either this location in Chandler, or the Mesa location, on Stapley. You can't go wrong at either location. We have been coming here for years. We love it here. The best way to start your meal with a great appetizer called "Shrimp Cargot" OMG. its so good, hot out of the oven, shrimp smothered in cheese and butter, so gooey, so good.  I now will tell you that the best ribs you can get, are here!!!! Really, no joke! So tender, so ....great!!  Burgers are good, chicken, and of course, steaks are wonderful. Come late afternoon, its nice and cool, cozy, and no bright lights. Just relax with your wife, or the kids, yes kids will love the food as well. Sometimes we have to take the kids somewhere nice too. Doh!!!!!! I give this place a giant Woo Hoo!!!!!!!
5	My husband and I LOVE Charleston's!!!Always impeccable service and they have the best salmon on the planet
5	I've eaten lunch here about a dozen times with coworkers and the food and service has always been excellent!! I've had salads, burgers, sandwiches, and even the chicken fried steak (which was a TON of food...I have a huge appetite and I overstuffed myself until I was in pain) and they've all been delicious. Haven't had a bad meal or negative experience once. On another note, I recently needed an itemized receipt to expense a lunch from weeks ago, and after 1.5 minutes on the phone with the GM, he sent me what I needed within the hour. Great service during AND after my dining experience. I'll definitely be dining here again.
5	Let me tell you this place is a five star stop the food is fantastic you can taste the love and care they put into it.  The service was above expectations I didn't have to ask for a thing management was friendly and informative. This was the first time I've ever eaten at a Charleston's and it will not be the last next time I'll even bring friends and family just to show this place off! In case you are wondering I couldn't finish all the food that came with my lunch.
4	I've always have had consistent quality with service and food. The rolls are delicious. Not anything to critique; background music is up beat to help motivate patrons to get in and out! Atmosphere is more relaxed than the pace of lunch service. I need to come back for a dinner service and see what pace they have at that time!Anyway a good meal, little on the $$$ till you see the portions (soup and salad combo).
4	The crossiants are my favorite!! This is a great little neighborhood spot my fam has been frequenting for years.  They are amazing at accommodating special occasions.  I threw my dad's 68th birthday here and everything was perfect ... And surprisingly affordable! I highly recommend the pork chops and prime rib.  Great place for a cute date night or romantic dinner.
5	Their chicken fried steak was the best I've ever had. TexAz has now moved into second place.
5	There were five of us on this visit to Charlestons Restaurant in Chandler.  The service was perfect and so was the food.  We all ordered different items off the menu and everyone of the food items were cooked to perfection and delicious.  Nope .. it does not get any better.
