4	Madison's most quaint and romantic little italian bistro (there aren't that many of them).  Their wine cellar has a very extensive beer and wine list.
5	MMmm....love this place.  My mouth waters thinking about the Pollo d'aglio....marinara sauce with goat cheese.....mmm!  Love the huge booths, I went there on a double date last time which was a lot of fun.  Don't forget to check out the downstairs wine cellar.  Tied with the King Street Tutto for best downtown Italian....wait, I changed my mind, Porta Bella definitely wins.  5 stars.
4	This is the place where good UW boyfriends take their girlfriends for nice dates, anniversaries and the like. For a sloppy college student, it's a chance to dress up and enjoy the quiet, dim ambience and great Italian cuisine.
1	I have been to Porta Bella several times over the years.  Why I've gone there more than once I just don't know.  I just want so badly to like this place but every time it truly disappoints.  The only thing it has going is the semblance of a romantic atmosphere (although that's really only due to the low lighting).My last trip I had the pasta primavera, artichoke and spinach ravioli in a pesto sauce and sauteed veggies.  The only problem was that there were 3 itty bitty raviolis in the entire dish.  Trying to find them was like an archeology dig amongst unfresh and limp veggies.  Next time you walk past the place do yourself a favor and just keep walking.  The sub-par food and service aren't worth your time or money.
4	The classic 'date' or 'romance' place on campus. Good food and always fun. The Cellar Bar is great place to get away from the craziness of State Street. Great little basement hideaway!
4	I quite like the place....their entrance is through a quaint-looking garden which sets a romantic mood. The ambiance inside is pretty nice. The food is good. Try the stuffed mushrooms. They can be pretty busy at times so I would call ahead.
4	While the dark, cozy atmosphere is always cited as romantic, it's also a fun place to go with friends or for lunch for something different.  I highly recommend the lunch menu- about the same price as anywhere else ($8-9), but you leave with leftovers for lunch the next day too!The atmosphere, service, and variety makes this a much more interesting place to go than Tutto or Ginos, for basically the same price and much more satisfying food.
2	Madison is not a great Italian food town, but there are certainly better choices than Porta Bella, which serves up uninspired versions of  standard checkered-tabecloth Italian dishes for $15-20 an entree, in a dim room that looks like an abandoned Legion hall.  Nowhere close to Osteria Papavero or Lombardino's -- to be honest, the food here tastes pretty much the same as the meatball sub I can get at the FIB's cart for 5 bucks.
1	The food is a joke.  I can understand if you like the atmosphere, but let's all get serious about the food.
2	This experience started off extremely well.  The entrance of the restaurant takes you through gates that open to an outdoor patio adorned with ivy covered walls and rod iron table and chairs.  A really unique and peaceful setting in an otherwise busy area.  The entrance to the inside of the restaurant greet you with dark, warm colors and low lighting.  A great atmosphere!The service and food were another story however.  We ordered wine, appetizers, salads, and entrees.  Our appetizers came out and were okay (Sampler).  The salads and entrees followed before we could finish any of the previous courses.  Felt very rushed in what seems to be a very relaxed and intimate atmosphere.  The Caesar salad was okay.  Nothing to write home about.  The entree, however, was aweful.  Chicken Tetrozinni (spelling??), boasted a rich cheese sauce over chicken and rotini.  I added mushrooms, which helped.  The sauce was about as rich as a freshman on the UW campus.  More like a weak alfredo than any kind of decent cheese sauce.  Not to mention, there was no (and I mean NO) flavor to the dish.  I asked for fresh cracked pepper, and they pepper mill was grinding out dust over my dish.All-in-all, I give it a 2 star rating for the atmosphere.  But if you are going for a good Italian dish, there are better options within walking distance.  Too bad too. The restaurants design and atmosphere are top notch.
1	Great looking restaurant.  We couldn't enjoy the atmosphere though since they crammed everyone in the restaurant into one tiny section.  I agree with the comment about the food being a joke.  Service wasn't great either - lots of employees around but few smiles or greetings.  Don't be fooled by the looks of this place if you want to have a nice dinner.
1	Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a food snob, but I do enjoy cooking and when I eat out, I like to order food that offers me something that I can not easily create myself.  We are new to Madison, and just the week before we ate at Tutto's down the street from Portabella's for the first time.  Tuttos is almost exactly the same price-point and we had good food, a great atmosphere, and a wonderful time.When I took my wife's family to Portabella's for her birthday, I was expecting something special.  The restaurant had equally good reviews for food and absolutely rave reviews for atmosphere.  When we arrived, we were promptly ushered into that room that is typically set aside for families with children (or the under-dressed).  No problems there, a little tacky, but the service was still attentive and we didn't want to ruin anyone else's romance.In short, we were still prepared to be impressed.  We were very surprised to discover that the food was absolutely lousy.  Not just bad, cheap catered wedding banquet bad. To give you an idea of what I mean, the chicken breast in the chicken rollatini was not properly dressed and still had bits of gristle attached.  It also had that peculiarly soft texture that comes from sitting in a steamy warmer for hours before being used.  The "procuitto" in the rollatini was actually sliced smoked ham.  The walnut pesto was so oily that it began to separate on the plate and the red potatoes were a soggy pile of pepper, potato,and oil.  The entire plate was an overcooked, tasteless, and oily mess.If the rollatini was an embarassment, the lasagna was simply careless.  It's composition was sloppy.  The noodles (all two of them) were so liquid heavy that they did not hold their texture.  The sauce was thin and ran out of the lasagne onto the plate, which made the entire dish something like a chunky soup.  The entire thing was a sloppy mess.  A personal annoyance (that doesn't necessarily indicate poor craftsmanship) was that there were chunks of meat the size of my thumbs.Our other food was similarly flawed, but it was the sangria that ruined the evening.  My wife loves sangria.  She loves it enough that she isn't particularly picky about it.  I can totally understand using cheap wine and triple sec (instead of a premium orange liqueur) for the drink.  I can even understand adding a little juice to thin it out if it's too strong.  What I cannot understand is adding water to dilute it.  Typically, if my sangria tastes a watery I assume that it's ice-melt, but this was a degree of watery that I have only tasted before when I went back to a glass sitting in the hot sun that wasn't worth drinking anymore. Our sangria was literally 1/3 water.This is one restaurant that has either confused its catering business with it's sit down service, has gotten sloppy, or thinks that its ambiance is sterling enough to make up for lousy food.  Whatever is the case, I can't imagine ever ordering food there again.
2	I went there for the lunch deals only, but I can't say I'm impressed with the food. Service there is really nice and their lunch portions are filling, but their pasta is very overcooked. It's also a bit dark inside the place, but it's nice and quiet for the most part.
2	We went with another couple to have a 'Best of Madison' experience since I have walked by Porta Bellas many times and told my wife I would like to try it some day.I'm just going to say it, great ambiance, good service, mediocre food and an OK price. You would be much better off going to Bellini's for an Italian experience. The food there is more authentic and the ambiance is just as good.
3	The atmospere is funky-- exactly like a spaghetti western.  Some experiences have been good and others alright. The pizza is good, but has been too burnt on the bottom during a few visits.  I really don't like anything but the pizza here and at paisans, their sister restaurant.  The waitstaff is a little quirky sometimes.
3	Just got back from an anniversary dinner at Porta Bella and I have to stay I think this place is all right but not anything to write home about.The staff was very friendly, and managed to walk the line between attentive and intrusive.The wine selection is sort of meh, but the bottle we had was pretty decent for the price (Shannon Ridge sauvignon blanc).The food is between decent and good (a little oily, but that's Midwestern Italian for ya), but more importantly, for its price it is a huge steal.As for atmosphere: the place is cozy and intimate. Some of the tables' conversations traveled, but the small booths are very private. And comfortable.Overall, I would recommend at least trying it out.EDIT: One of us got a bit sick the morning after. I would suggest avoiding any of the butter-garlic sauces. They are extremely oily (beyond anything reasonable).
3	The food was edible, but not incredible. Mind you, it's better than what I can make for myself, but it doesn't stand out. I honestly couldn't tell you whether or not it was expensive because UWIsc paid for our banquet.However, the downstairs basement/dungeon/bar/whatever is a pretty fun place to hang out. The dining area can get cramped and difficult if it's reserved for large groups because there are big pillars that take up a lot of space. This makes restroom trips cumbersome.But the flirty and good-looking bartender? He gets 25,000,000 stars.
2	I mainly wanted to eat here so I could eat in their nice outdoor seating area.  I was upset when they had a sign up that said something along the lines of "See hostess inside for outdoor seating" and then she told us that the outdoor area was reserved for a private party.  So, they should learn to take the sign down.The hostess stand is in an odd place.  You walk through most of the building and passed a cash register before finding it.  I've heard that the decor was "romantic," but I'd have to disagree.  It seems very outdated.  Plus, part of our booth was dusty and the mirrors (which are all over) were covered in fingerprints.We ate early (5:00), so the service was very prompt.  Our waitress was in the process of being trained, so I gave her a break with her knowledge of the menu.  I ordered the vegetarian manicotti and my date ordered the top sirloin.  These meals can come with soup or salad.  I asked if I could get their Porta salad without ham and salami (being vegetarian) because I'm not a fan of Caeser (mainly the eggs and anchovies), and she informed me that their salads were premade, so I didn't get any.  I'm pretty surprised there's not a garden salad on the menu.  She forgot to ask what sauce I wanted, but her trainer made sure to remind her.  They both forgot to ask if my date wanted pasta or potatoes and ended up bringing out the steak with potatoes (without asking a preference).The waitress brought out bread and was very good about explaining what was in the dip which came with it.Our meal was brought out quickly after that.  The spinach in the manicotti had a bite (negative) to it that I haven't really had in the past with pasta.  My date's steak  was fine and the potatoes were tasty.So, overall.  My service was very good, the decor is outdated, and the food was mediocre.It's not incredibly vegetarian friendly for an Italian restaurant.If you can, eat outside!I'd probably go to Tutto before Porta Bella.  I'd definitely go to Osteria Papavero before any other Italian place in Madison
1	Haven't gone here in a long time due to the dirty bathroom.  There were ancient cobwebs hanging from the ceiling and it was unkempt and in disrepair.  I felt that if this is how they disregarded the bathroom they most likely disregard everything else.  I won't go back.  The food and the service was good.  But I couldn't get past the other issues. 1of 5 stars for a casual to mid level dining restaurant.
4	This is a Madison must-try. The food above-average & the atmosphere is just something that needs to be experienced. Don't let the haters deter you! If you don't want to commit to a meal, at least check out the lower-level wine cellar bar!
2	This recent dinner was my third trip to Porta Bella.  The first experience we had I was actually quite impressed and we really enjoyed our meal.  This was about 6 years ago.  Then we visited again about 2 years ago and had a mediocre experience.This past Friday, we were looking for a place to have a romantic dinner and Porta Bella definitely provides an atmosphere and secluded seating which provides this.  From the romantic/private standpoint, we got exactly what we were looking for, a booth for two in a secluded area.The food is where I have really struggled over the past two visits.  First off, keeping in mind this is an Italian restaurant, they are very limited in their ability to accommodate any alteration to their meal .  They have a pasta combo, which by default comes with lasagna and chicken tetrazzini.  My wife, not being a fan of cream sauces, asked if she could simply get Spaghetti Bolognese instead of the tetrazzini.  She was told that everything is pre-portioned so that you could not swap.  Ok, whatever...she ordered the Bigoli Bolognese.  Because she's pregnant, she can't eat cold cut meats and asked if they could "hold" the meat on her salad.  We were again told this was not possible, because the salads are all pre-made.  This seems crazy for an Italian restaurant, to essentially have everything pre-made up.  As if pasta and sauce are hard to prepare.  Clearly they are not doing anything too special in the kitchen to prepare our meals.In the end, the quality of the meal spoke to their effort in preparation.  The bolognese sauce was rather flavorless and my seafood tetrazzini was even less flavorful and nearly dry.  At an avg of around $15 per entree, I don't expect 5 star quality, but to be honest I could have gotten a better meal at an Italian chain restaurant and they would have been more accommodating in the meal preparation.I would recommend looking at many of the other Italian restaurants in Madison.
1	I was looking for an Italian restaurant in Madison to take my girl for Valentine's day dinner. I finally decided to give this place a shot even thought I had read mixed reviews about it. Well...the place was absolutely beautiful. Very nice and clean...all around great, romantic, cozy atmosphere. Servers and the rest of the staff were very courteous and friendly. I had a reservation and was seated within 5 minutes of arriving. Now for the food...whack...whack, whack WHACK!!! I had lasagna...which I love and have had from dozens of places and hadn't been able to find a place with just plain bad lasagna...until now. I tasted nothing, the sauce was very runny, and the lasagna itself had a weird consistency(kind of like half cooked noodles). My girl had something that looked like burritos and apparently was just as bad. And the worst part of the whole deal is that shortly after having dinner there I got sick. I don't know if it was something in the sauce or if it wasn't prepared properly or if it was all the oil used in the food but it did not sit well in my stomach. I felt nauseous all the way until I finally fell asleep. If it makes up for anything, though, the lemonade was AMAZING.
2	I went to this overpriced "Italian" restaurant last night and although I enjoyed the atmosphere and romantic ambiance of the restaurant and the service was fine, I found it really a big disappointment food wise.  The cesar salad was iceberg lettuce, mozzarella and store bought croutons.  My mushroom ravioli (which now I realize were $2/piece for a total of 6 ravioli) were boring and tasteless with again, a boring tomato sauce.  My husband's lasagne was $f15 for poor quality lasagna with the same boring tomato sauce over top.  I won't be back!
5	Love this place. It's a Madison hidden gem. Great food, nice wine list. Very intimate setting. Ask for the Rose room, or the Fountain room. Get the Porta Salad, and have some bread!
2	We ate here in a family group of five, expecting the previous (apparently) menu that they had gotten to know and love. We were blindsided by something new.Despite my fiancee's constant talk of a tetrazzini, (12x in the car ride alone), she looked at me after tasting it and winced.I was unimpressed with the sirloin and gnocchi dish. Now I'm normally against steak at an Italian place, but the gnocchi looked quite good.The sirloin was overcooked and the gnocchi portion was tiny. Le sigh.Yet another Madison place I've visited with high expectations and been confronted with marginal food.I will say the service was average, not fast, slow or much to comment on.
3	Lovely garden seating. I was there on a beautiful summer day and they have tables with some shady trees around so it's nice even on a hot afternoon.We only ordered a couple of desserts and they were both good. If that's an indicator, I'm confident the food is good too. Unfortunately, they didn't have the garden seating open the last time I went there on a Saturday afternoon in late September. They said they don't open it when the the temperature drops below 60 or something.  Which was very odd because it was a gorgeous day and it was a very busy weekend in Madison due to a football game. The inside seating is more upscale and intimate inside.  Seems appropriate for a romantic dinner out.
1	went for a catered wedding one sunday. the food was good and the employees that were assigned to the wedding were pleasent and helpful, however one manager ruined everything when he decided we were too noisy (this is Wisconsin we drink at weddings) and claimed that we were disturbing the business up stairs(they were dead, didn't even turn their outside lights one untill 9pm) and kicked the entire wedding party out about an hour too early. to review: food=meh ok for cateringservice=alright they were nicejackass power tripping manager who should be sacked=night destroyer
5	The pizza was excellent. We came here looking for a nice outdoor eating experience and enjoyed their pretty courtyard. We'll certainly be back for the pizza.
2	I came with some out-of-town family, and overall, I thought Porta Bella was pretty bad. First Impression: Porta Bella kind of comes across as a hole-in-the-wall -- you could easily walk past it and not really realize what's there. I enjoyed the atmosphere (secluded tables, intimate lighting) and their separate rooms -- we were in the "Rose Room", although you would never know it with the million roses on the wallpaper. Booze: I had an Old Fashioned to start off the night, and it was pretty bad. Maybe I've just become spoiled to how other places make them (namely, the Old Fashioned), but I was pretty disappointed. The wine list seemed to be very small, although I don't drink very much wine so I was okay with that aspect. The wine that was paired with my meal was very good, however. Food: I had an overall decent impression with my meal (Shrimp and Scallops with Tomato Vodka Sauce), but my wife absolutely hated her meal. The seafood was cold and rubbery, the sauce was cold, etc. My review has been tempered to reflect her poor experience.Overall, Porta Bella seems to be hit-or-miss. I want to give it another shot before I write it off, as I had an okay time, but my expectations have now been significantly lowered.
3	Love the decor of this place.  Used to come here with the parents when I was at UW.  Took my husband this time for a little walk down memory lane.  Of course it looks exactly the same.  And I absolutely love the old parlor feel.  Bar is great.The food was yummy though nothing extraordinary and I was a little put off by the service.  Super friendly but we never got a napkin even after asking and when the waitress nearly dropped a platter of another table's food, one entree of manicotti tipped over onto her breast shirt, she spilled quite a bit of sauce on her bare arm (which I am sure was very hot) then tilted it back upright with some of that sauce going back on the plate.  It was a nice save and she remained calm throughout, but, she still gave the food to the customer.  Ick.  That definitely lost this restaurant a star.
5	This restaurant is the perfect spot for date night, dinner with friends or even a business meeting.  The layout of the restaurant maintains privacy for diners in defined booth spaces and the cozy old-world decor simply adds to the atmosphere.  In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.  You start to relax even before the waitstaff asks for your beverage request.  Whether you're visiting for lunch or dinner, the menu holds a diverse selection of Italian favorites and includes nightly specials for guests to enjoy.  The wait for the food is relatively short or seemed that way, due to the intimacy of the place.  When it arrives, it is high quality and very tasty.  I don't think you can go wrong with your selection!  Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.I'll definitely be back for lunch, dinner or cocktails.
2	Growing up in Madison, I have heard about this place for years.  It is with that and Restaurant Week that my girlfriend and I ventured out there last night.The environment was great, nice and cozy with a higher class feel. Great lighting and seating arrangement.The service was good, nothing bad, but nothing spectacular.However, the point of this was for the food. Sadly, that did not live up to the hype, not even marginally.The bread and oil served as a precursor was incredible. The oil was infused with a nice spice that went great with the warm sourdough.For appetizers, we had the Italian Stuffed Mushrooms and the Spinach and Artichoke Dip.  The dip was incredible, hot, gooey, with a crusty yet easily broken up bread. The mushrooms left much more to be desired.  Initially, they tasted like a pizza without a crust, but as I chewed, the pepper became overwhelming.  That was the first one.  After that, I could scarcely taste anything but pepper.Our entrees were a stuffed steak, what I would refer to as a Steak Parmigiana and Stuffed Shrimp with Spinach Fettuccine. The marinara with the steak was ok, most likely homemade, but the steak was overcooked to the point of being tough. And overall the dish was rather bland, even with the sauce and cheese.  The shrimp dish was no better.  The shrimp itself was good, but the stuffing and the white sauce both had little to no flavor. What little flavor that they did have was from the pasta and the shrimp.  The pasta itself was very good, as long as it was sauce free.  It had a great texture, was cooked perfectly, and made me think it was made in-house.  I did not eat most of this dish, which is nearly unheard for me.Then we had our desserts, a hazelnut gelato with a cream center and a chocolate cannoli.  Both were good, but nothing to rave about.  The cannoli's filling was very rich and it almost made itself less appealing the more I ate.  I'm a chocolate fiend and have had varieties from many countries, so this was new to me.  The cream center of the gelato was a great addition, but was offset a bit by the overabundance of cocoa on the outside.  Again, neither was bad, but they fell short of memorable.This meal was mostly bland really.  Short of a couple highlights, it was simply a below average meal.  The one thing that I'd never think of Italian cuisine is bland. Even if you're not a fan of the flavors, they are always there and always intense.  That's part of the draw.  For Porta Bella, it's character-lacking food has persuaded me to look elsewhere.
1	Awful. And any other word you can think of that crossed awful. I went with a few friends to Porta Bella on Frances St for restaurant week. I LOVE restaurant week and have been pleased with every other establishment I have been to that offers a filling three course meal for only 25 dollars. I looked at the menu before hand and everything sounded so stuffing---most of the dishes included a comestible that was "stuffed" so the pun was intended there. In addition, all the entrees sounded so rich and bountiful. And that's exactly what they were-- rich with age and bountiful of disgust. The first course wasn't the worst but it certainly wasn't mind blowing on any level. I had a greek salad and the leaves were old and almost dusty tasting, I've had better salad at a franchise like Olive Garden (I hate admitting I go to franchises). The second course was even worse. I ordered a stuffed NY strip which was very very cold and nothing on the inside was melted together to create a "stuffed" feeling. The funniest thing was that the waitress handed us the plates with oven mitts on telling us to be very careful because it was hot. False. none of our dishes were above 60 degrees. Other members of my group had pork which was WAY overdone and ravioli that was barely covered in any sauce. You can only imagine how awful the sea food was if they can't even get their ravioli right. Lastly, for dessert, I had a chocolate mousse cannoli which was OK, but two others in my group had "cherry stuffed" cannoli's that contained absolutely no cherries. When we confronted the server about the lack of cherries she told us that it was basically a hit or miss to as if you got cherries in your cannoli. She went on to explain that the cannoli mix came out of a pipe that they squeezed. I understand how they are made, however, that wasn't the right terminology to explain to a group of already displeased guests as to why it was lacking it's biggest seller--the cherries. The atmosphere was completely outdated and there were gnats flying around. I would NEVER go back and never recommend this place to anyone, the only good thing about this experience was spending time with my friends. Save your money for Olive Garden.
1	As a native Madisonian I consider Porta Bella one of the cornerstone restaurants of city. It has been around forever and is part of the unique flavor of downtown. It has a really nice ambience and i used to enjoy going there in years past. That's why I was extremely disappointed  with my recent experience dining there. Basically the rating I've given is for a tasty salad & entree and mediocre dessert. The reason the rating is so low is because the service was HORRIBLE. We were seated promptly and from there the service went totally downhill. Our waitress was friendly but COMPLETELY clueless. What should have been a one-hour meal took THREE HOURS. The service was incredibly slow and the waitress put one of the entrees in completely wrong so the order had to be put in over again and one person had to wait for their food. But amazingly that didn't slow the dinner down as much as the waiting between courses. Our waitress clearly had no idea how to stay in touch with her tables, she disappeared for long periods of time. She would take simple requests for more water and would vanish for more than 10-15 minutes at a time. I would have thought this was a problem with the kitchen but just from watching our waitress i think the problem was her & not so much the kitchen. Although she was eventually apologetic about the wait I think she really was undertrained for her job and possibly the dumbest wait person I've ever encountered. She was friendly but just had no idea how to do things. It was pretty shocking. The service took so agonizingly long it was hard to enjoy the food, which was fairly good but didn't really blow our socks off. Overall, a very disappointing experience, especially since I consider Porta Bella a city landmark. I'm planning on contacting the management, which is something I've NEVER done before but I was THAT appalled by how bad our waitress was.
1	I need to preface this by saying that the company was AWESOME!I love ya Kristen if you're reading this, I do. And it was a blast getting to celebrate your birthday with you. But other than that... This place is rrrrrrrrrrrough. 1. A young server who couldn't make strong menu recommendations.2. A negroni that looked like a shirley temple and tasted like nothing I wanted to drink.3. The most flavorless... FLA-VUH-LESS chicken Parmesan I think I've ever eaten. 4. This weird noodle, the name of which I can't remember, that they're supposed to be known for but I can't forget soon enough. Over cooked, mealy, melt in your mouth like you don't want your pasta to do. 5. And honestly, overpriced for the quality and portion size. This place reminds me of Caruso's in Tucson (http://www.yelp.com/biz/carusos-tucson#hrid:6nm_dN4voJ43v98n5IF3PQ). Also Italian. Also an institution. And maybe good back in the day? Sometimes when things get older they age gracefully. And other times they suck harder than a six year-old on a jolly rancher. I know these one star reviews are hard for folks to digest, but so is Porta Bella. When I think about my scale for going as low as I've done so here I think, "is there any redeeming quality that would make it so I would return?" Methinks not.
2	We ended up at Porta Bella after our first choice was booked.It started fine, but it went downhill from there...It was HOT inside.  I'd say high 70s or 80.  I asked the server if they had a thermostat and she said "Yeah, it is hot."  Something must have been wrong with the HVAC.Others at my table ordered pizzas and seemed happy.  I ordered the lasagna from a recommendation. It was still cold in the middle when it was served.It had a cool look inside, but overall we were not impressed.
2	One of the worst Italian restaurants I've ever been to. Food is terrible. It's American Italian and its worse than olive gardens. Need I say more?Service was really slow. Pasta was not cooked al dente and was flavorless. Why oh why. Such terrible food at an otherwise beautifully decorated restaurant.
3	I have to agree with many of the reviews, the atmosphere is wonderful and romantic, the service was friendly and prompt, but my serving was small and the bolognese sauce was bland, certainly not like grandma made it
1	I'm so sad how far downhill Porta Bella has gone since I was in college.  While the romantic atmosphere remains, the food is awful.  Our Bolognese smelled and tasted like Chef Boyardi:(  Our waitress was so spacey and disinterested we had to laugh every time she left our table.  I hope the owners can turn the menu around - I think they need rescuing by Robert Irvine of Restaurant Impossible.
4	I used to walk past Porta Bella all the time when I was in college, but never made time to visit!I really enjoyed my first visit to Porta Bella. I met up with a mentor of mine for a Friday lunch. The restaurant was really quiet and I can see how it would be perfect for a date night... Romantically lit with high booth backs.The lunch menu was limited to a few pasta dishes, some salads, and sandwiches. My companion ordered a salad and 1/2 portion of the hot cheese bread, which she said had been her go-to for years (a perfect portion, and just healthy enough...) I opted for the manicotti with tomato sauce-- two delicate rolls of fresh pasta filled with just enough cheese and spinach, baked in a flavorful sauce. It was a perfect lunch portion, supplemented with bread and spiced oil. The price was right at about $10 with lemonade. It's what I'd typically spend for a sit-down lunch.I look forward to going back! Oh, but watch your knees on the wrought iron table legs!
1	Party room beastly hot.  Food very mediocre.  Waitress spilled hot meat juices from numerous plates on floor, table, and customers.  New York strip steak tasted boiled.
2	I went to porta bella's on a date. The setting is very romantic and the way the seating is set up makes it a more intimate setting. For an appetizer we ordered the bruschetta, it was okay...the feta cheese was over powering. I ordered the portabella mushroom fettuccine alfredo. My noodles were over cooked and the sauce was extremely bland. I will never eat here again.
3	It was "eh, alright."My husband and I went for a late dinner, around 9:30 pm on a Saturday. We ordered a bottle of the house chianti. That was delicious. He ordered the New York strip and I ordered the pumpkin ravioli with gorgonzola sauce. The steak was juicy but maybe a bit too peppery for us. The pumpkin ravioli was alright. I think that it was microwaved (the food burnt the roof of my mouth and the edges of the pasta seemed dry) but I may be wrong. The sauce was yummy for the first few bites and then I think that it masked the taste of the pumpkin a bit.
5	This has been my favorite restaurant in Madison for as long as I can remember.  The spaghetti is THE BEST.  Along with the porta salad (w/buttermilk dressing) & the cheese bread.  The pizza is also amazing if you're looking for something to share as an appetizer or with the table.Their wait staff is well versed in the wine pairings and recommendations on the menu- though yes, they are college students- this is a college town! It is such a romantically decorated restaurant-- absolutely perfect for a date night or for meeting up with someone for drinks.
5	My Husband went to Porta Bella for the 1st Tuesday. We are in Madison alot but never went in. We are glad we did.The bread dipping sauce was mind blowing. I had the Porta Bella Linguine with a glass of house Chianti. It was wonderful. Our waiter was great the atmosphere is romantic old supper club style. I have one suggestion. Recover those cool booths. The floral prints are mauve dated 80's grandma. We will be back!
5	The best italian in Madison.  Service is great.  Food is so good!  Tonight, I had the Prosciutto and Panna-Shells in a cream sauce with peas, prosciutto and mushrooms and then baked with a Porta Salad.  My wife had a dinner sized Porta Salad.  Both were so delicious.  We have never had a bad experience and have never had bad food.  We go there for special occasions or just because!!
3	We took our parents here for a dinner when they came to visit Madison.  The weather was perfect so we were able to sit out on the patio, which was better than the inside.  The inside was a bit dark - I want to say they were trying to go for an intimate setting, but I wasn't sure.  The food was pretty good. I ordered a Mushroom Ravioli dish which was pretty tasty as well as the Porta Salad (iceberg and romaine lettuce with ham, cheese, red peppers, and other tasty things). The others at my table ordered a Pumpkin Ravioli (yum! would get this the next time we went), a Blackberry Salad (the kitchen ran out of Blackberries so cherries were substituted, which was delicious), a Meat Lasagna and Chicken Tetrazzinni (this was good as well) and Stuffed Chicken Breast (which was good but a bit heavy on the alfredo sauce).  Because two of us ordered food off the dinner special menu, we had a cannoli for dessert, which was delicious.  Overall, great food - I'd go again.
1	I came here for restaurant week and I've never had such a terrible dining experience before. The food and service here deserves 0 stars, however, the restaurant's decor is elegant.I ordered a blackberry salad for my appetizer and it was awful. The salad consisted of a few pieces of raw and undressed spinach, four blackberries, and sloppy hand shredded ham. My stuffed sole over pasta was disappointing. You can't call yourselves an italian restaurant when you overcook your pasta to the point of no return. There was no seasoning at all on the food (which would explain the salt and pepper shakers on the table). The fish was overcooked.My boyfriend ordered a steak with stuffed shrimp. They gave him two mere pieces of shrimp and the supposed "crabmeat" stuffing was mainly breading. The funniest part was the sauce they decided to put on the plate. They served the steak with a huge portion of sauce in a little dish which tasted like mustard straight from the squeeze bottle. Why is that supposed to be there again? Had one poured that all over the steak, one's palate would be drowned in horseradish. Dessert was mediocre. My almond cake tasted like a defrosted pound cake with reddiwhip on the side. You've been warned. Olive Garden may be a better pick.
4	A beautiful place for a romantic valentine's day dinner with my dear and special wife. The red baroque interior design created  the exact combination of sumptuousness and passion to get us in the mood for an elegant dinner for two. The server suggested a perfect red wine for our selected meal which complimented things quite nicely. Sitting in the fairy-tale like flowery outdoor garden added to our beautiful moment in time. Excellent meal.
5	Stumbled on this delightful little restaurant this evening and had a wonderful meal in a lovely environment. Service was perfect, food was good (garlic bread was to die for) and the outdoor patio was the perfect place to be on a mild summer night. Kinda romantic, and easy to have a quiet, intimate conversation, a rarity these days. I'd definitely come back.
1	We did arrive about 15 minutes late for our reservation and the hostess made sure to remind us that we absolutely had to be out of there by a specific time before she even showed us to our table. No problem. We understand that you have a reservation for the table after us, so you think that the waitress would have done everything to expedite us leaving. Nope. It took almost 45 minutes to get out 10 people's soup and salads. Since when does Caesar salad have olives, hard boiled eggs and mozzarella cheese? Another half hour later (we now have 15 minutes to eat) our entrees come out. My husband's crab stuffed shrimp had very little (if any) crab and... He found a vein in the second one. Needless to say, he was done eating at that point. Then there was my chicken rollatini... Not rolled, was missing most of the menu ingredients and it was cold. Most definitely not going to go back. Ever.
5	We had our wedding reception dinner here (Fall 2014), in their new banquet hall (seats around 150 or so). Wow, dynamite staff, food, environment, and service all around. Can't recommend this place enough. Thanks Porta Bella for a perfect evening!
