3	Alright, so I came here sometime around May of this year and it was alright. On my first visit, I had the rockafella oysters which I believe triggered my allergic reaction to shellfish. We sat at the bar and I had a lot of beer to drink... good times.I ordered some chicken- type sandwich on my following visit which by the way was humongous and I was unable to finish it. Now this place is located in North Las Vegas so it's more of a hangout spot for the locals, there's nothing fancy or fantastic about it.
5	Yummy! This is where I go when I crave American-style seafood. They have affordable prices and big portions for the money. I love their oven bakes the best which are usually good for two people and are basically seafood (mussles, clams, lobster etc.), potatoes, corn baked together. I love the intermingling of flavors and the freshness and the size!The deserts are also great as are the drinks. The 24 hour part is definitely a plus just in case I am craving some lobster at midnight (has happened before). I like the decor. It's simple, but effective. This place is rarely crowded, and seeing how I hate crowds, it's a major plus for me. The wait staff is very good.I miss this place since I moved to SW part of the valley. I'd like to try the other Shucks closer to me, but this one on N. Durango is highly recommended.
4	Love this place since seafood and Las Vegas are normally hard to combine. Since I am from the NW (part of the country) and near the ocean, I thought the portions were a bit small for the prices. Creative menu and drinks, some of them I have never heard of and enjoyed tremendously. We had the clam bake for two that was just enough for one of us (we love seafood and grew up with it) and I had a pasta seafood dish. Tasty. Atmosphere was nice although the occasional drunk from across the bar made conversation a bit rough at times. Seat yourself, you choose your booths! Would go back anytime but probably when I got paid again since we left after spending $130 for two.
5	When I first moved to the area, my roommate and I decided to go out for dinner.  He prefers chains.  I don't.  We settled on Shuck's.  Shuck's is a local chain consisting of three restaurants.  They have tremendous seafood, as well as sandwiches and meat.  I have been multiple times and I always am drawn to the clam chowder.  I also love the clam bake, and my favorite salad is the Shuck's Salad, consisting of Mesclun, a crableg, shrimp, and seared tuna.Service is attentive and friendly.  If you are lucky enough to get Sonny, she is an amazing waitress.
5	For $3.95 the breakfasts here can't be beaten.  There's around 12 selections... and they're all $3.95!Everything arrives hot and cooked to order.  Coffee ($2.50) is good and not oily (a pet peeve of mine, I must admit)... although you'll smile that your drink cost more than half what your breakfast cost!For lunch / dinner, the clam chowder and the fish and chips didn't disappoint.  Again, hot food prepared well.  It's hard to argue with simple dishes done well!It's kinda smoky smelling when you first walk in through the door -- the lingering ghost of pre-ban times -- but don't let that put you off to trying this place out.  We used to be a fan of Joey's for FnC, but this place has really won us over by serving better tasting fare.
4	Kind of skeptical when I went here with the parents. The food was pretty good. Fried food done at its best and the Caesar dressing had a lot of lemon juice in it which is my favorite. Our order kind of lagged but I have nothing else to complain about...It's 24 hours and its not denny's
4	Best late night oyster spot.Food is always great, super awesome oysters along with friendly bar tenders. It bums me out we don't have a place like this here in So Cal, but then again that means i cant burn it out, right? I may be a little blind to what good oysters are, but it makes me smile and that's all that matters.
4	I am a big fan of this restraunt/bar. It seems when living in the suburban areas of west las vegas your choices for a good bar with good food and character is slim  With all the watered down corperatized bar chains that plauge this region who's menu is as flavorless and as dumbed downed as your local chilis, shucks tavern serves as a beacon of hope.  Great fried seafood, my personal favorite are the clam strips and my wife is quite fond of the lobster fingers.  My only critisism, if any, would be to have a more extensive oyster menu from different regions and not just your typical Luisiana farmed oysters.  All in all shucks is a great place to grab a pint and enjoy some good new england style fried seafood and get away from the typical, perdictable, corperate vegas bar scene.
5	Late night dinner, good thing they're open 24 hrs. Reasonable prices with a decent deal through a mail coupon. Had crab legs, oysters, peel shrimp, fried shrimp, fried calamari, and fries. For a place in the desert this place has some of the freshest seafood I've had- strange.  they have a bar section and a bunch of tables/ booth that can accommodate if you have a big group.  Already craving to go back .
4	My bf and I were looking for a good place to go for breakfast besides Ihop and Denny's, this place fit the bill. They offered a decent selection of 10-12 meals with extra sides at the bottom of the menu for a couple dollars more. I had your typical breakfast meal (2 eggs, 3 slices of bacon, hash browns, and an english muffin)...  everything was cooked perfectly and tasted wonderful! Don't expect Claim Jumper portions but you will get a filling meal for only $3.95! The waitress was fantastic and had a great personality which is very rare these days! We will be coming back soon to try out the dinner menu and will definitely be recommending this place to people in the NW.
3	I mostly go here because the bartenders are really cool.  They really take care of you when it comes to service and making you feel at home.  The atmosphere makes me feel like I'm sitting in a garage but I find it cool.  I usually go for the seared Tuna which is great...  I've gotten the crab buckets a few times, I didnt get the oysters b/c the waitress couldnt tell me where they were from, I'm from Florida so I kinda take seafood seriously...  For late night snacks and drinks with friends I would definately check it out, its tucked away in the corner across the street from Smiths by the way
5	This is walking distance from my house so always a good late night option for this nightowl. Sometimes the service is a bit shoddy, but theres one bartender/server and I chose not to sit at the bar along with the rest of the late night people....its super late so I cant dock them for me sitting far from the rest of the people. Just have to flag her down for some drinks but I think thats fair service for how much the bartender is doing and shes very sweet about everything.Now food is good here and the seafood is fresh...have come a few times but these in particular I like:Lobster fingers are yummy and juicy!  Got 2.5 lb king crab leg bucket and that was super filling to share for two people. Where else can I get good crab at 1am?! Oysters are fresh and fair priced. I liked their fish tacos.They have decent coupon deals that come in the mailers too so always good to check those out. Next door is a Timbers and much prefer to come here. Sometimes it's just loud music and rowdyness late night whereas here its more laidback and lowkey. Check out Montana Meat Co. a mile down too... I think it's the same owners as marketing coupons and menus are identical.
4	They had karaoke briefly. The crab pot was decent.
3	This is strictly a BREAKFAST review.  For the price, you can't beat it in the area (Centennial Hills).  The service is a little shoddy, but overall a great deal to recharge on a Sunday morning
4	I just had another messy, crab cracken, belt busten experience at Shucks Tavern.  And let me tell you it was as good as ever.  My wife and I shared the clam bake bucket which includes 1 LB of steamed manila clams, 1/2 LB of Alaskan King Crab, 1/2 LB of Snow Crab and 1/2 LB of Dungeness Crab. We also ordered an order of the clam strips, with a couple drinks the total came to  $40, which I thought was a very reasonable price for the meal.  So lets just say we finished are meal, were happy with it, and are no slowly but surely slipping into a food coma. So thanks again Shucks for coming through and delivering some quality seafood...Goodnight.
4	After reading such great reviews from you awesome yelpers, I knew I had to give this place a try. I looked at their menu and got so excited that I had to go that day. So I went to have a quick dinner with my bf last night around 9:30pm.It wasn't too smokey or smelly inside, and it was a nice quiet day. We decided on the rockafeller oysters (6 per order) and they were delicious! Though the oysters were  bit small and it seemed there was way too much spinach for the amount of oyster, it somehow worked out! Great flavor.And then we shared the ribs and shrimp combo. The ribs were great! Cooked perfectly and the sauce was yummy, it was a bit too saucy for me, but super yummy. And since I am a low-carber, I asked to sub the fries and slaw for a side salad. (Very fresh veggies). And we chose the garlic shrimp which was also delectable.I must say, though, the server was a bit slow. He was the only one working the night shift and I guess he was tired, but there was only us and one other table...I am going back Tuesday to try more yumminess. I will post pictures of the items I get! I'm excited to try their other stuff like the lobster fingers and clam bake and crab (which they ran out of when I was there)...I highly recommend this place. I will probably make it a regular place to be.
5	I just got done eating here and I was very impressed with the value.  They run a two for one hamburger special everyday Which is awesome.  The burgers were good and not dry like at other places in town.There beer and bar food selections were great also.  Would recommend to anyone on a budget
5	Great chicken fingers and there 75 cents a piece  on Monday.  Loved themThe beer is great too
4	came here for some late munching (or more like pigging out) and ordered oysters, linguine with clams, lamb chops with salad, and jumbo shrimp.  i'm not an oyster eater but i was told it was pretty good.  the linguine was definitely very very yummy but if you're on a diet, i'd say stay away from this pool of butter.  the lamb chops were average, not nearly as good as the ones we has at texas de brazil the night before, but the salad that came with it was pretty good.  altho i'm sure you're not going to order some lamb chops just for the side salad.  last but definitely not least, the jumbo shrimps.  they are jumbo alright... these "shrimps" are more like lobsters!  they tasted so good.  great texture, lightly seasoned so it's not overpowering, and it comes with a little tub of butter.  i had them w/o butter and they were delicious.  would definitely come back again on our next vegas trip!
3	Shucks has a couple appetizing items on the menu, but for the most part the food is overpriced and far from authentic.The service can be a crap-shoot in terms of speed and getting correct orders.  But I have nothing bad to say about the atmosphere of the place.Not saying I wont be back, but its low on the list
1	Dude WTF Guys.  You let me down. This place officially sucks.  Your oysters made me vomit, and the crab made my ass piss.  In the past I've had many a great experience, but the last couple times this has simply not been the case.  I didn't want to believe it at first when I found myself spewing chunks of rotten oyster flesh in to the toilet.  I thought eh I just got a bad batch.  So I gave them a second chance,"F*ck me right" I live less than two miles away and I found myself clenching my butt cheeks for dear life half way home. As I sat their, my ass securely suctioned to the toilet seat i vowed to never have another ass pissing experience at Shucks.  F you Dude. F you.
4	I've been living around the corner for almost three years and just now discovering this spot.  Sunday night around 9:00 so pretty quite.  Slight smell of smoke when you enter but not too bad.  Pretty varied menu and everything looked good.  I went with with the scampi and I would order it again.  Prices were decent and they seem to have a lot of coupon specials.
4	Family working so no Thanksgiving dinner like everyone else and will get a meal this weekend. They aren't fans of the gobble so much either so I figured I should go get some turkey myself and cook what they would like for the feast. I saw somewhere that Shucks right next door to my house was having a traditional thanksgiving meal. For $10.95 I got  a platter with 2 thick slices of turkey, mash potato, stuffing, green bean casserole, dinner roll, gravy and cranberry sauce. A pumpkin pie slice with whipped cream came with the meal. Now obviously nothing beats homemade, but for a restaurant and at that price it was pretty satisfying. The turkey wasn't dry, green bean casserole wasn't mushy and held a bit of bite making them the stand out components and to me- they're my favorite parts of a traditional meal so I was happy with it.  Everything else was standard, but solid.I walked home full and that's all I can really ask for.
3	Went here for Thanksgiving dinner. It was empty of course but who eats seafood on Thanksgiving anyway, besides for my family? They had a special turkey dish to accomodate those who wanted a traditional meal.I ordered & shared the clam bake which consisted of dungenous & snow crab, manila clams, sausage, potatoes, & corn for about $25. It was definitely worth it but I've tasted better clam bakes before.Our waiter was pretty slow. He forgot to put in our order for oysters. Apparently this restaurant is known for their oysters so I wanted to try some atleast but that didn't happen. He also didn't give us utensils. We pretty much had to wave him down if we wanted something. Pretty bad considering we were basically the only table there.
1	Made a return trip this weekend and wished I hadn't.  My complaint isn't for the food but the service.  Waitress took our order and disappeared.  Although she made stops at the table next to us, it  was like we didn't exist.   We flagged her down once and then luckily were able to get the attention of another server in the restaurant for drinks, etc.   It made for a very unpleasant dining experience especially since it was my suggestion. And I should add that in no way was this place busy at all.
4	Whoa move over Joe's Crab Shack, Shuck's has been discovered. The first time I came here I wasn't sure about how the food would taste, but I am glad that I tried it anyway. I tried the lobster bites and the crab dip both delicious. The second time I came here I saw a couple that ordered this big shell of seafood which was the clam bake. So my bf and I ordered it since it seemed like it would be enough food to eat. Of course it was...it has clams, crab, corn, potatoes, and sausage! MmMmM just the sound of it makes my mouth water.  Totally worth the place to go to eat some seafood and watch some games. Great location, clean, and friendly staff!
5	$3.95 breakfast can't be beat. Got the chicken fried steak and though it' not Texas large, it's a decent size and good gravy. Better than some chicken fried steaks I've paid a lot more for. Eggs were cooked right, potatoes crisp outside and soft inside......basically comfort "normalicious" food (stealing that from Yelper Angela H's vocabulary). Yes, it's not the best breakfast I had- but it's solid and a much better alternative to a shitty night at a Denny's. It starts at 12am so stop by for your after drinking breakfast noms. Beats a lot of the graveyard specials in taste and price.
5	It was a Sunday afternoon with hubby and the in laws. We all were super hungry and felt like seafood. After searching for seafood restaurants on Yelp, I came across Shucks Tavern & Oyster Bar. I printed out a coupon ($10 off of a bill $50 or more) and we hit the road. At first, we were all very skeptical and the restaurant's building wouldn't reveal anything about what was expecting us inside. Finally we got over our fears and entered the restaurant. The atmosphere was very friendly, even though a little smoky, since the bar wasn't separated from the dinning area. For the first hour we were the only customers in the entire restaurant, which didn't bother us at all. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. We asked him about his favorite on the menu and he suggested the Clam Bakes for $26.95, which feeds up to 2 people and includes the following:        Manila Clams (1 lb)    Snow Crab (1 lb)    Dungeness Crab (1/2 lb)    Andouille Sausage    Red Potatoes    CornWe ordered 2 of it and WOW, it looked and tasted amazing. The clams were very fresh and tasteful, and so were the snow crabs and the rest of the goodies in that shell looking bowl. As we asked for the desert menu the waiter came back after about 10 minutes with a tray of different cakes and ice cream samples. We all thought that was very cute and the effort was what counted. We decided for a piece of chocolate cake and the fried cheesecake burritos. They both were very delicious. I would definitely go back to Shucks. The food was fresh and tasty and price value relationship was great.
4	By the owner of Beanos comes... Shucks.  After being a regular at Beanos, I thought that I knew what to expect: Hole in the wall, decent food.Wasn't expecting a large, regular late-night crowd, friendly crowd, and a varied, delicious sea-food menu available at all hours along with some very affordable breakfast deals!  It's now high on my list of late-night dining simply for the quality of food: for example - excellent garden omelet for four bucks that comes with the usual toast and poattoes.  But the tomatoes are simmered, the spinach is plentiful, the mushrooms are roasted before being tossed into the eggs.  It's worth the ten minute drive up the 95 for me.  The seafood is fresh and plentiful - they don't skimp on the portions!
5	what a fun place great food i stoped by to get a bite to eat at the bar i had the calamari it was delicious,i also played forty bucks and hit a royal flush the bartender was so much fun a big bald guy hes a riot what great time i am telling you you must go its the best
4	My friend and I went here strictly because it was rated 4 stars on Yelp and is right next to his house.   We all know when something is rated 4 stars on Yelp that it is truly trust worthy and this place is no different.  The clam strips that I shared with my friend were some of the best that I have had yet and I am from New England.  My taste for seafood is pretty hard to please.  The service was great from the 3 different people that approached our table and they genuinely seemed to care.  Thats always a plus.  My main meal that I enjoyed was Fish and Chips and it was prepared wonderfully.  The only downfall is that this place is a Chicago Bear's bar, but it can be overlooked to enjoy such good food.  :)
4	Newcastle on tap, of course I'm there!  My father loves this place so it is always in the plan to have dinner there when he is here.  We always start with oysters on the half shell which are always good and hot wings which are pretty good too.  For dinner I always get the crab cakes and side salad.   The crabcakes are yummy!  The side salad is top notch as well.  My hubby loves there alfredo and the kids like the food a lot too.  We have tried just about everything and it's all good.  Love the Clam Bake and Ahi tacos.  If you are a seafood lover, try this and you will not be disappointed!Good sandwiches and steak and ribs....I just can't stop..they have it all and it's ALL GOOD!
4	Who says the food deals are dead in Vegas? Shucks' entire breakfast menu is $3.95 and you really can't do better than that.  I had Shucks Breakfast:  2 eggs, choice of ham, bacon, sausage, brunch potatoes and toast. My dining partner had the Chicken-fried steak breakfast.  I had a bite and it was really good.As other reviews have mentioned, coffee is $2.50 which nearly doubles the cost of breakfast, but it's still cheaper than Denny's!  Highly recommend this place for breakfast.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. I go here every Tuesday night. The wait staff is pretty good. They have their on and off days (sometimes seem annoyed to serve you and other times they love you), but the food is CHEAP and SSUUPPEERR good! The buffalo chicken fingers and fires are to die for. I literally look forward to it ALL WEEK LONG. Can't wait to go back.
3	Holy tamale batman.  Their combo plate is gargantuous.  You should have a few people to share it with.  The lobster fingers are melt in your mouth scrum-dilly-umptious.  The clam strips were pretty sandy and I coudn't really eat many of em.Even though I'm reviewing the one on N Durango - my kickball team is sponsored by the one on Flamingo/215 and they have super yummy crab stuffed shrimp and good beer specials.  :)
5	Best place to get your fix for crab, always friendly welcome
4	My family comes here on a regular basis when in the mood for seafood. It's a great neighborhood joint with a super cozy feel. The service is always top notch and the food is consistently fresh. My kids love the popcorn shrimp kids meals, and having to help them finish a few times i can attest to the fact that they are quite tasty. I can't bring myself to ever order anything besides the Clambake. It includes 1lb of snow crab legs, 1/2 lb of dungeness crab legs, 1lb clams, corn, potatoes and sausage. I have not yet been successful in actually finishing it but it never stops me from trying. My 10 year old shares it with me on most occasions. As a matter of fact, this was her restaurant of choice to celebrate her most recent birthday. We had 11 guests in all and the service was seamless. I called in advance and they set aside an area for our large party. My Dad raved about the fish fry platter, so I might have to try that at some point. I'm also curious about the breakfast specials!
4	I love this on saturday mornings with a hangover. The food is good and the crowd is family. I wish the oysters were bigger
4	This is my favorite bar for food of all time. I have yet to have something that I wasn't very pleased with each time I've gone there. Depending on the bartender, the service is either really good or okay. Never horrible. You can't beat the prices for how good this food is. I have had it sober as well, so I'm not just basing this off of my drunkenness. :) My boyfriend and I usually come here for a late night dinner after going out to help avoid a hangover... The clam bake is probably my favorite thing we share. Full of clams, crab legs, potatoes and corn with amazing seasoning... The crab bucket with snow and dungeness crab is always good too. For appetizers, my favorites are: Shrimp Ceviche - try it with the habanero Tabasco Seared Tuna Blackened Scallops .....Annnndddd tthheeee Lamp chops This place is definitely hidden on Durango. If they had a more visual sign, I'm sure more people would try it out. I didn't even know it was there for almost a year and I work right down the street from there. Definitely give it a try.
4	I lived near this place for 3 years but finally made the trip there a few weeks ago.  I Love it.  Great food.  Plus it's a Bears place.  I'll be there when the football season starts.
4	My favorite Shuck's location!Sometimes you just need some raw oysters and a cold pale ale!  I've eaten at all Shuck's and never had questionable freshness on the seafood.Great little menu in a local bar.
4	We were looking for a bar near home that serves food. I checked Yelp for this non-descript looking place with a cute name that I'd seen whenever I'd been to the shopping sector across the street. I was surprised to see all the good reviews, so we gave it a whirl. I just had a few beers (nice selection on tap) and the fried oysters. Delicious! Even the cole slaw was great. Everything about the place was SO much better than the boring old big chain corporate places with homogeneously stodgy fare. Everything except, that is, the smoking. I recently quit smoking so can appreciate that smokers enjoy smoking indoors, but I now find it rather unpleasant and have no idea how my friends put up with my stinkiness for so long (I must be really, really cool or something). Anyhow (I think I've just digressed...sorry!), the smoking is the only drawback I've found to this place. Excellent quality food at a very reasonable price with good service, good atmosphere, and plenty of booze...what more could a cool girl like me ask for?! Looking forward to my next visit.
4	I'll start by saying I'm not a HUGE seafood fan, but the wife is, so we went to Shuck's (conveniently located about a minute or so from our house). At first it looks like most of the 24 hour gaming/dining establishments in the area, but I wasn't really expected a fancy sit-down place, so I don't mark it down for appearance. It should also be noted that this is a Chicago Bears bar for the Sunday NFL games, so any of our Chicago implants here in Vegas might find some joy in hanging out with other Chicagoans.I got the Chicken Club and some waffle fries which was very good and very filling and pretty cheap (about $8.95). My wife got the 2 and a half pound bucket of Snow Crab Legs which seems expensive ($32) but the meat was pletinful and very good and like I said, I don't eat too much seafood. They bring out all the proper equipment for breaking your legs and wet-naps for cleaning up afterward. So points there for being thorough. The waitress was not super attentive, and it seemed like they had just one woman working the entire restaurant and bar area. I know it was a Tuesday night, but there were a lot of people in there, you'd think they'd have a second server. All in all, Shuck's is who I thought they were (that's a Bears/Dennis Green reference for you football fans). It's a good place to go if you're looking for a better than average meal at a reasonable price (with the exception of the crab bucket). We'll go again, just probably not every night.
2	Ehhh.  I checked out this place because several of my friends told me how great it was.  It was just okay.  Had the crab stuffed tallipia with wild rice and veggies.  A little greasy for my taste.  My husband had the pulled pork and waffle fries - he enjoyed his non-seafood better than I enjoyed mine.  The atmosphere was okay, the staff was friendly, prices were fair, but the food was not the best I've had.
2	Shucks..a bit disappointed, last night I took family for the first time hoping to have the same experience as we did for about 10 times. The Clam Bake was the reason we always go on a Sat to have the $5 off, found that it wasn't anymore...crabs was an added option and you had to pay extra for it. It was still tasty but we should have gone to a buffet for the price we paid...It was still tasty though...Sadly..Shucks is now not on the top of my list..for value as the prices went up immensely...
3	Let me get you up to date -They changed the menu. They are now giving less food and upped the prices. This is very sad. The food is still good, but I'm very disappointed on how they made the changes.
3	Great palce to come for Raw Oysters and a cold beer, especially on a Sunday for NFL games! The Clam bake is large and will surely satisify your craving for shell fish! Laid back atmosphere-- nothing too fancy, yet not a hole in the wall either.
5	What a pleasant surprise to find this jewel in our backyard!  Had it not been for Yelp and all the reviews, we would still be looking for a good local fish house. The menu is terrific offering something for everyone!  Oysters, shrimp, halibut, cod, clams, crab, etc. All cooked as you like!  I had fish and chips, my husband had fried oysters, and we ordered an appetizer of fried clams. Oh, so good!  And, enough left over for lunch the next day!  Our server was so friendly and accommodating - she really made us feel welcome!  I can't wait to go back to our new "regular" fish house!
4	Thanks to my sis-in-law for taking us here!  Go for the dungeness or any crab legs and you will not be disappointed~!  The oysters are not fresh and will leave your mouth feeling like the bottom of a sour ocean. The dungeness crab legs are meaty, fresh and delicious.  If you're in the area and have a hankering for fresh crab, I'd definitely check out Shucks!  This is a great off strip find.
5	My boyfriend keeps reminding me that you have to review a place for what it is.  Meaning, I can't review Shucks Tavern next to Sage restaurant.  With that said, for a 24 hour gaming bar with an oyster bar attached this is top notch.  The seafood was all super fresh.  The boy ordered clam strips and a crab bucket.  Both were delicious and fresh.  I had the fish tacos, heavy on the cabbage, but I like cabbage.  It was a celebratory dinner so we had carrot cake and it was flavorful and moist.  The service was great and the drink specials were good for a Friday night (half price martinis?  Yes please!).  We would definitely go back, especially since the boy often gets a craving for crab.
2	I have been pissed at this place for a while but decided to give it a chance tonight.  Kind of let bygones be bygones.  The reason I was pissed is that during the football season I called them to see if they were showing the Chargers game.  They said yes.  So we drove there and before we parked I went in and asked them again and they said yes.  So we went in (in our Chargers shirts) and sat at the end of the sports bar next to someone else in a Chargers jersey and told the female bartender what we wanted to watch and she said no problem.  We ordered beers and after a while noticed that the Chargers game should have already started.  So we mentioned it to the bartender and she went to check and came back and told us the owner would only let her put the Bears game on (there are a milllion tv screens in there and it shouldn't have been a problem to have our little end of the bar watching the Chargers).  So by the time we fpund another sports bar we missed more than the first quarter of the game.  Seems to me I did enough checking and they should have stood by their promises.Anyway.... we tried the place again for the food.  It was only OK.  We had calamari appitizer which was OK but I would have liked cocktail sauce instead of marinara for dipping.  Ordered the Shucks salad which had crab, a few shrimp and a decent size peice of seared tuna on it.  The tuna was only so-so but the crab and shrimp was good.  My guy had a bowl of the seafood bisque.  He asked if they had any sourdough bread to go with it and they brought him two pieces of sourdough toast like you would have with breakfast.  Seems to me a seafood place should have some good crusty bread, don't you think?  Do not order the ice tea.  It is not brewed, we had to send it back.
5	My wife and I recently moved into the area and haven't had a chance to hit up the grocery store. She has been craving Clam Chowda ( east coasters :)  and i just happened to come across the menu for this place and saw they had it.  Wife yelled SOLD!  Walking in , its the normal bar , tv screens tables and booths. It was a little grungy in there , but nothing i havent seen before. They have a decent amount of beers on tap , i ordered a New Castle , the wife had a Coors light ( EWWW ).Ordered up a cup and bowl of clam chowda ! ,  it was very thick , had the right amount of clam to potato and veggie ratio and was very tasty.   Out came the rest of the food.  My wife ordered the Boston Cod Sandwhich. Its basically a upscale McDonald fish fillet , but was outstanding.  Had alot of flavor and the fish , didn't taste fishy.  I ordered the Fish Fry .. and man was i in for a treat. I had a HUGE plate of fried haddock which was extremely flavorful and tender\moist.  I enjoyed it completely.   They have alot of non fried light choices on the menu such as crab stuffed tilapia.  We will definitely be back to try these !. Try it , you wont be disappointed.
5	Just wanted to start off and say the gaming at  this place is good got a four of a king And for the food it is awesome!!! seafood is hella  fresh and the bartenders are really nice  good place to kick it and watch the game or even go  to enjoy some great fresh seafood!!!
5	I normally go to Shucks for my Saturday breakfast. $3.95 any breakfast and $2.50 for soft drink... Ive made it my treat someone to breakfast place for the last 2 months... Last night my husband and I decided to go try their hamburgers and omgoodness, please know I am hard to please when it come to certain foods and burgers being one. This burger was just amazing, I was full after eating half the burger but it was sooooo good I almost ate all of it. Surprised they didn't have to call a tow truck to take my out to my car.... But seriously this is a wonderful place if your looking for a awesome burger or breakfast. Also Brit or Brad I think his name is, is a wonderful host... 2 shucks burgers with fries and 2 lemonades $24.00... And it was so worth it... They have Red Robin beat by a long shot
4	Been to the other location and always had good food there. This location is no different.The seafood bisque is on point. A bit on the salty side, which is why I like it so much. Their black and bleu salad is a steal at $10.95 for the amount of steak you get with it. It's an entree salad with blackened skirt steak, bacon bits, roasted tomatoes, Caesar dressing and bleu cheese crumbles. The steak was marinated and it had a great flavor on it's own. The oysters however, were not very fresh. I'll let that one go cuz fresh oysters in Vegas are a gamble :-)A little note since I don't have an I-phone to give out tips: this is a Chicago Bears bar so every Bears game they have a special menu to include $1 oysters, Chicago dogs, pitcher specials, and oyster shooters--to name a few and the prices were really cheap. I'm not a Bears fan but my friends are so I can't wait to take advantage of this menu again soon.
5	Best Lobster Bisque!
4	Great spot, good price and daily specials. They make some of their own sauces; the house made dressing is good. The ceviche is better than most in Vegas... They do it with some honey Dijon  sauce and salsa; bomb, if ur down for different flavor combos.
4	Really enjoy coming down to Shucks to chill, have a drink, and eat seafood.  It's really casual and a great place to have a late night bite.  The seafood is fresh and the drinks are strong.  The wait staff is always really friendly and this has become a regular hang out for us.  They have daily specials and is a great place to watch football.
2	Bland, boring, and slow.  Oysters were okay but everything after that was fast food like, without the fast.  Not much lunch trade and still wasted an hour there.
4	The seafood here is very good, but the dish you really need to try is the black and blue salad. I'm not usually much for salad but this one blows me away. Romaine lettuce, grilled and sliced steak, blue cheese crumbles, onion straws and sun dried tomatoes make this one of the best salads I've ever had. Service is acceptable, food is very good.
5	Neighborhood bar with AMAZING food.  Don't go to the "other" fake freash seafood places.  This one is the real deal. Never had a bad meal here. The drinks are always perfect. Try the appletini. We even go here for breakfast since Vegas has a hard time figuring out a place for breakfast that stays consistant.   You won't be sorry. We love this bar.
1	Went one day late at night. No way no how ever again. Oysters were nasty.
4	The wife and I have lived in this area for 2 years and never gave this place a chance.  Now we really wish we have come here before now.  There is a nice bar and the dining area is separate enough to really enjoy either side of the house.  I would not hesitate to bring my kid here.  I had the shrimp po boy and the wife had steamed crab and fried shrimp.  All of our food was very good and the service was great.  Good key lime pie too.
4	Was here again during a Bear's game. I mentioned in my last review that I didn't care for their raw oysters--they didn't taste very fresh. Well, put those babies in a shooter with some vodka and bloody Mary mix and they are not bad at all. They are normally $5 but during Bear's games they're only $2.
5	Killer crab legs anytime, lovely.  Friendly staff and welcoming place.  Thank you.PS.  If you had more oyster types to choose from I would order them more often.
3	The service as well as the food is very good. A little overpriced. However, they have daily specials that are a pretty good deal. I'm not sure where they get there oysters from but they are very tiny. I just spent 2 weeks in New Orleans and ate at Acme's Oyster house four times. The oysters were 3 to 4 times larger at Acme. I think that if Shucks is going to serve such small oysters they should either give you extra (like Acme does when there's are small) or discount them. Just my humble opinion.
3	My mother-in-law is visiting from Hong Kong and looooooves raw oysters.  When I saw that Shucks had $1 oysters on Thursdays, I knew that I had to take her here.  My husband and I had treated her to Joe's Stone Crab the weekend prior, where she devoured really expensive, albeit delicious, raw oysters.  So, obviously the $1 oysters weren't going to even compare.  The oysters on the half shell were quite small, but perhaps I need to come on a non $1 each night, to see the true quality.  I also ordered a cup of the seafood bisque, and it was OK.  My in-laws ordered the clam chowder and they seemed to enjoy it.  By the end of lunch, the two of us ate 3 dozen raw oysters, and although they weren't the best I have ever tasted, it was nice knowing that we didn't break the bank to get our fill.  The service is friendly, but it is a little too smoky for my asthmatic lungs. We sat in the non-smoking section, however that invisible wall does not prevent the smoke from seeping into my air space.  If I wasn't so sensitive to the cigarette smoke, I would definitely return.  It is a fun atmosphere, and a great neighborhood bar for sport lovers and seafood fans.
3	Came here on a Thursday night to have a bite to eat.  I guess the football game had just ended and this place was a ghost town.  I thought it would still be full of people having drinks and hanging out, but I guess I was wrong.  We seated ourselves over by the bar area and it took a couple minutes for the server to come over and take our order.  We ordered a couple beers and the fish tacos, steak salad and a cup of seafood bisque.The seafood bisque was super salty!  I wanted to take it home and mix it with canned soup to dilute it.  The fried fish tacos were actually pretty large and filling, and the flavor was good being not too dry and not too fishy.The steak salad was good except for having too much bleu cheese.  Luckily we asked for the dressing on the side or else the flavor would have been too overwhelming.  The steak was seared and cooked almost like tartare which we liked.  But the rest of the salad was unremarkable in my opinion.Next time I will come back to try oysters in some form, be it raw or rockefellar.  Maybe during a football game where they have discounts on food and drinks.
5	My husband and I eat at Shucks at least 1-2 times each week. We have had many breakfasts, lunches, and dinners at Shucks. The breakfast menu is not only fantastic, but it is no more expensive than having fast food. They are great about allowing substitutions such as egg whites for eggs and cottage cheese or tomatoes instead of potatoes. They even allow my husband to have seared ahi on his Eggs Benedict instead of ham for a small extra charge.We love the ahi wraps and fish tacos for lunch! Also, pay attention to the daily specials as you walk in the door because there are some really great deals.We also sometimes just order a selection of appetizers and share them. They have great appetizers and we really love the calamari.Of course, the drinks are great too! I recently discovered their Maui Mosa and I am definitely a fan.We have never had any issues with service and it is nice to see familiar staff every time we go.We will continue to be regular customers at Shucks!
5	Would love it if you started offering Fanny Bay or Kumomoto oysters.  Dare I ask for Shibumis?Doug, the guy who prepares the food latenight, makes the best crab legs.  Had to go for them three nights in a row.  The five stars are for the late night staff.
4	a good place to catch a Chicago Bears game and food and service is pretty good as well.
5	The best crab and coldest beer
3	Good service, good food, good specials
5	Great place for breakfast. Friendly staff and cheap prices with good portions.
3	The night staff is super friendly. My co-workers and I enjoy going after work. The breakfast is pretty average and so are the prices. The chicken fingers are average as well. The day staff is a little grumpy but It is our night time in the morning. There are several bars to choose from and this one is not on the top of the list.
3	Surprisingly, a pretty good seafood restaurant.  Lots of regular bar food, but also a lot of shellfish and seafood on the menu.  Staff was decent, friendly.The menu is kid-friendly but the bar is not really separated from the eating area (it's all open, not separate rooms) so depending on how busy the bar is, it might be a little smoky for little ones.  No military discount, but if you need seafood and don't want to brave a casino or downtown, then Shucks is a great alternative.
5	excellent service. both the pulled pork sandwich and shucks burger were excellent
3	Eh, it had it's good and bad qualities. In the mist of my bar hopping I came across this place. Keep in mind that I've actually never eaten crab before. Oh yes, this gets stupid.When I first walked in I wasn't given a greeting, I'm assuming cause they probably thought I was some middle school kid that wandered in lost. The spiderman backpack I had probably didn't help. Oh well, my problem. I pop a squat up at the bar, away from some obnoxious other patrons. That's right, I knew they were obnoxious the first 5 seconds I walked in. Kinda sat their awkwardly for four minutes. The other two bartenders ignored me. Thought I was waiting for mommy to finish her beer perhaps? Most likely. Could have asked though, you big jerks! Finally a young lady came out and greeted me with a menu, I already had my ID ready (good job following the law!) and after a few minutes I ordered a beer and the crab bucket with a mix of the two types. One, cause I don't know the difference and decided if I'm going to fuck this up, I'm going to completely 100% fuck everything up!They brought me out all the wrecking tools used to annihilate the crab legs, and I had no idea what to do. I played creeper and watched the guy a few seats down from me work his magic and then just tried to copy him. Could have I asked the waitress? Don't boddle me with your logic!While it was good, I must say crab is not my thing. I'm one lazy ass bitch and sitting there for half an hour to get a handful of meat is not on my to-do list, but might be a good way to starve off the fat bastards we have on our planet. Seafood for everyone!
1	BEWARE THE GRAVEYARD MENU.  Typically I have a great meal and time at shucks. living close by I have been there quite a few times. Last night a buddy and I shared some fried clam strips and peel and eat shrimp. When the clams arrived the first thing I thought was "what the hell is this?" I have never seen clams that were almost 5 inches long. Was very unsettling, but I thought to myself, "who am I? I don't know if maybe these are different from every other clam I've eaten, so what the heck" tasted OK, were very chewy, I still wasn't convinced these were actual clams, but kept eating.  About 5 hours later I woke up with stomach cramps, proceeded to vomit all of the food I had eaten, and dry heaved for another hour or so while I began to become feverish. I lost a day of work and needless to say they have lost a customer.The plus side of the story is that my buddy did not get sick, I checked with him but apparently he did some heavy drinking afterwards so not sure if that affected his toxicity levels.
4	Awesome Food and Great service always! The Buffalo Shrimp Wrap is super delicious! Try it or you're missing out!
5	Can't stop thinking about this place since I went two weeks ago. I know I was rather tipsy when I was there, but I do remember the food being great and the service being even better. Darvey (Sp?) was our amazing bartender!!!!! I woke up the next morning (afternoon) with my chicken wings by my side and they were still yummy. Thanks Darvey, Darby...you catch my drift...
4	Great spot to just stop in and get some pretty good food at any time of the day. Beer is nice and cold and they have great specials.  If you sign up for their email listings they will send you the weekly specials with free play.  Great food, great service.
5	After two visits here since Shucks was recommended by Ife A. and Nelson Q., I'm sold.  On the initial visit I enjoyed a Shrimp Cocktail with very good tasty medium-sized shrimp and horseradish-based Cocktail Sauce with a vicious bite, and a 1/2-dozen Louisiana Oysters on the Half Shell, onto which I poured by mistake drops of Tabasco Habanero Sauce instead of Tabasco Pepper Sauce.  The surprise was all mine!A small bowl of creamy New England Clam Chowder was good with a potatoey emphasis, plus celery and onions.  A Shrimp Po-Boy was good but dry until I asked for and received more Louis Dressing.  But it was not spicy like in New Orleans and at Lucille's.  Waffle Fries and Roasted Redskin Potatoes were excellent, and a creamy Cheesecake with Strawberry Sauce and Whipped Cream very good.Diane enjoyed her Build Your Own Seafood Platter, and our server was running about continually, checking on us repeatedly, and very accommodating.The second visit was even better.  Diane and I shared a delicious Crab Lovers Special designed for two diners in the form of a bucket of Snow Crab, Dungeness Crab, and Roasted Redskin Potatoes, along with Crab Toast, after I polished off a dozen Oysters on the Half Shell and delighted in an excellent spicy Gumbo with sausage, chicken, and a great deep brown roux.  A really rich Chocolate Cake and Vanilla Ice Cream ended this meal on a very high note.  One of my other table-mates topped me by downing 18 Oysters on the Half Shell.  Service was excellent, and my party of four all left contented and quite stuffed.
5	Great, go on Sat/Sun wine is half price and you cannot beat their pasta dishes.   Great late night all the fish are fresh and you get the benefit of a great sport's bar at no charge.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived at Shucks. I'm from New England, and it's certainly difficult to find decent seafood joints in Las Vegas. This place has a good feeling, local dive, but clean. The service has always been friendly. I usually go for cold oysters and beer/wine, but definitely enjoy other selections. The stuffed shrimp appetizer is very good, I often find myself scraping the dish for the last of the mushrooms and rice/butter. Crab legs are fun, and this is the first place I've ever eaten dungeness crab, pretty good! I only wish they had Alaskan King crab! The mix and match of cold/hot plates is always a great idea if you can't decide and feel like sharing, too. This is my go-to seafood bar :-)
5	Incredible seafood, FRESH!  Great Prices.  Crab Lovers this is the spot.
3	I would have given this place 5 stars except for the graveyard bartender on SUNDAYs is by far the worst bartender I have ever encountered and I work in the industry.  Don't got there after midnight on Sundays unless you want to spend the rest of your night wondering if your food or drinks will ever come.. He does seem to be really good at avoiding you when you need him though.. It's too bad because we're regulars there and he's served us several times and we still haven't had a good experience with him..Any other day this place is AWESOME the other bartenders are great! Food is great! Atmosphere is great as so are the prices!
4	I like this place it's close to my house and pretty low key, pretty good selection of beer and food.
4	I was told this place had $1 oysters at midnight.  Since I'm allergic to shellfish, I don't really care, I came here for the company and not for the food.  For people like me, there are non-shellfish options such as fish, chicken wings, fries, burgers and alcohol!We sat at the bar.  They have black jack/ keno machines, etc.  The bar tender was cool.I got a Malibu Bay Breeze per Honny's recommendation as I perused through the menu. The waffle fries comes with ketchup and ranch dipping sauce...they were good.  It must have been the alcohol or I simply had a death wish because I ordered Rockefeller oysters when I didn't have Benadryl.  I remember liking them when I was little before I developed my allergies.  It seemed like a good idea at that moment until I ate 3 oysters and some of my friend's Cajun shrimps - and my arm, my face and my back started to itch and my stomach started to hurt...the only thing I was waiting on was the anaphylactic reaction.  Centennial Hills Hospital is only a few blocks away so I wasn't worried.  Good oysters though...spinach, cheese, oyster with a bit of hot sauce...mmmm...In New England, you can get a dozen oysters for $12-13 at a very good restaurant.  Shucks' $1 oyster at midnight = $12 for a dozen from their Graveyard Menu...sounds like a good deal to me.  They're open 24/7 too and also on their Graveyard Menu: burger with fries for  $4, wings and fries for $4-8, chicken fingers and fries for $5-10, shrimps for $5 and clam strips for $4.  Late-night cheap eats!
5	Seriously, this place has an awesome cook! I try the fish and chips and my gosh orgasmic ;) so fresh and perfectly crispy. Also tried two tacos mahi and shrimp and guess what sooooo freakin bomb. I'm still craving that stuff in my mouth. And of course it's midnight and what do you do at midnight at shucks you may ask!!?? You attack the shit out of the $1 oysters raw or rocker fella oh em gee awesome !! Btw the steak is delish just saying steak n eggs babay! Lol
5	Back to Shucks a few more times, and it was still all good.  Cheesy Oysters Rockefeller were even more delicious than Louisiana Oysters on the Half Shell, and the Gumbo has remained consistently spicy and solid.  Seafood Bisque was very good as well.  A generous serving of grilled Ginger-Glazed Mahi Mahi was moist and very well prepared.  But my favorite dish here is still the Crab Lovers Special featuring both well-seasoned Dungeness and high-quality Snow Crab, along with tasty Roasted Redskin Potatoes.  Another fine dessert was an Apple Blossom ala Mode, although it was barely warm.Service has always been friendly and efficient, and this place delivers great dining pleasure throughout the day.
4	It's a really great place for seafood, especially late at night when all other options are closed.  It's nice to have a place like this in the Northwest area of Vegas, because it's still up and coming and the pickings on good restaurants aren't exactly numerous.I had a daily special, and to be completely honest, I thought it was great.  The fried fish was soo good. Crispy on the outside, yet still tender and soft on the inside.
5	Amaze-balls!
5	5 stars for the surprisingly good seafood, super CHEAP prices for graveyard/HH, and the very friendly staff!Drinks were heavy handed and kept coming!  Toss a couple bucks in the machine to keep yourself busy as well as the drinks :PBTW, I asked whether they were KID FRIENDLY...they said YES!  Just not after 11pm...One of the best places to eat late...look at these prices!Oysters on the Half Shell ($1 ea after midnight!). These were pretty good, but even better at a cheap $1 bill each! Can't even buy em on the east coast for that cheap! Oysters Rockefeller ($1 ea after midnight!): Garlic, Spinach and Monterey Jack Cheese. Again, can't beat the price on these! Overall pretty good.Peel and Eat Shrimp ($4.99 after midnight!): 1/2 lb boiled in a seasoned stock. These were served hot, and had lots of flavor and Cajun seasoning. This HAD to be way more than 1/2 lb though...there were tons of shrimp!   Tasty :DFish Tacos ($9.95 not sure of HH price): Grilled or Battered Cod, Roasted Red Pepper Dressing, Pico de Gallo and Seared Cabbage. Not bad! Waffle Fries ($2.50?). Lightly seasoned...good!  We used these as a starter until midnight hit!The food is probably only a 4, but at those prices, everything tastes better LOLPics!  :
5	I had the Shucks fish fry. It was great! My only complaint was that I could have eaten more of the fish. I wasn't too find of the coleslaw, but Im not a fan of that in general. The service is also great, and my baby loved the clam chowder.
5	Love this place... Great happy hour specials and the two guys running the bar and kitchen are awesome. They never try to push you to order anything extra, they don't force you to hurry.. They are very laid back , attentive.. Never charged me for any extras or messed up our food.You cannot beat their $1 oysters and their burger combo ( fries, cheese and mushrooms included) for under 5 bucks. My brother tried the seafood omelette, and was impressed with the taste and the price. The only thing is that they don't have the best beer specials, however that is easy to overlook with all the other great things this place has to offer.We are going to come back every chance we get.. I'm looking forward to trying their regular menu.
1	Stay away. This place serves you 12 ounces of beer and charges you for 16 oz...
3	Solid performer. We find ourselves visiting for happy hour on Friday to take advantage of half-price martinis and $5 appetizers. The clam strips are 4-star or better, and the peel-and-eat shrimp are plump, firm, sweet and meaty. Perfect bar food. Wife loves the Lemon Drop martini and Mandarin Orange Cosmo. I made the mistake of ordering a 'real' vodka martini only to receive a glass full of well vodka, no detectable vermouth, and two olives. Had it been a decent vodka I would likely praise it, but it wasn't so I won't. .The two problems I have with Shucks are the uninspired dining room (just an afterthought it appears) and the smokers in the bar.  Obviously a local hangout, and most are smokers. The ventilation cannot cope with the smoke; it's not like a haze hangs in the air but you can definitely smell cigarettes while anywhere at the bar.   You can move to the dining room to escape the smokers, but the dining room is the opposite of special or cozy and lacks ambiance of any variety.
5	Went in for breakfast and found that their portions are plenty! They have great selections for right under $5 and I got a steak and egg breakfast for around $8! Amanda, our waitress was very attentive and was able to predict out needs. Great service. Great chill and cheap place for breakfast and it's beyond worth it. Can't wait to come in for dinner! Plenty of TVs for games, fun drinks, and a great seafood/ drink menu. We will be back.
4	Great food, drinks and service. Always fresh seafood especially the oysters! Surprising for being in Vegas. Happy hour is nice too. Never disappointing
2	My husband and I enjoy bogo sandwiches and wraps Wednesday evenings. The food is always superb! I would give this review 5 stars if it was just based on food. The crab legs are fresh, sweet and juicy. Love the fries and buffalo chicken wrap. However the service here is horrible, if you're unfortunate enough to get one of the girl waitresses. Takes 10 min to even be greeted luckily by then you have already decided what to eat. The food is out pretty fast because the cook usually brings it. Then it takes 30 min to be able to pay and leave.. Anyway if you have extra time to wait and don't mind dinner taking two hours they have good food.
1	Worst Bears bar I've ever been to.Place is filled with smoke.Food is average.   Service was not friendly.Neither were the bears fans.
5	We had a great time watching Monday night football, food was great, I recommend the crab, it's awesome
5	Does this place ever disappoint?  Not so far for me!This time I began with a dozen cold and very delicious oysters on the half shell and a side Caesar Salad that was fresh, cool, and enhanced by a surprisingly good zesty Caesar Dressing.  This was followed by a generous portion of nice and flaky fresh Parmesan Halibut with drinkable Lemon Butter Sauce that was paired with tasty moist Rice Pilaf.  Meanwhile my dining companions enjoyed Fish & Chips with colossal Onion Rings, and a Crab Bucket containing equal parts of Dungeness Crab and Snow Crab, along with great Roasted Red Potatoes.We again enjoyed fine service and an overall five-star dining experience!
4	First time here...having just moved to Nevada(vegas) it's still odd to see gaming in so many locations! What got me the most was the smoking in the bar...haven't seen that in a restaurant area in years. It wasn't too bad but noticeable.The beer and mixed drinks were tasty. The beer was cheap at 2$ for a 16 oz special. We ordered tuna tartare to start and wanted 10 more...it was that good. Very fresh and big chunks of raw tuna with avocado and balsamic was amazing. We had 1 1/2 lbs of mixed crab legs which were flavorful and meaty. We had a side of onion rings and they were just ok. Overall I can see us heading back for more. On a side note it was very chilly inside. Take a jacket!
4	Yummy chicken fingers and fries!! Good service and cheap prices. Can't go wrong for a late night meal :)
5	If you don't go here,you are missing a real treat. They have many many customers, therefore fresh seafood. Oysters are small but seem to be fresh and delicious. Shrimp ceviche to die for. Crab fantastic, clams delicious, fish and chips great.They won't honor gift cards from anyone, and must process you credit card twice for anything over $100.00 dollars. Manager is very belligerent. No help at all. Wrote Corporate they don't care either.
4	Good place to get shucked up! The Shucks burger is great, crabs legs are just OK but the rest of the menu is legit. The atmosphere is pretty much standard for a bar, the lighting is just right for a relaxed atmosphere. Bartenders are always quick with an order and there is little to no waiting. This place is great!
4	Best bar food ever.Reason for 4 and not 5 stars is it depends upon the staff.If Darby is bartending, the drinks will never be empty and the food will not sit in the window drying out. The man knows his sh*t and cares about his patrons.We all know this, so if the parking lot is packed he's probably working.. if it's empty you may wanna think twice lol.  I will sometimes call to see who's working.Cooks vary from 4star restaurant awesome to "dude really? did you even rinse these oysters before you shucked them?'... but for the most part food is awesome, low priced and I love coming here.
4	Absolutely great food and service. Try the lobster fingers or the burgers. Machines are ok. There are only a few machines with keno on them but they play well. Do not come on day shift. The day shift bartender Marty is the absolute worst bartender in America. I gambled over $200, drank water, and was charged for breakfast. Marty sat on the other side of the bar, played on his iPad, and ignored me the entire time. This has happened on more than one occasion. Luckily the waitress was nice enough to provide me service as I sat at the bar. Overall great bar, service, and food. Do not come while Marty is working. Consensus from people who also come in during the morning is the same. He absolutely does not want to be here and is extremely rude.
3	After seeing all the reviews on this place and its late night specials I couldn't wait to try this place being that I love oysters and a great happy hour spot. OK so we went here late Saturday night around 1am! Walking in the bar came across as a Pretty friendly bar. It seemed as though everyone knew everyone. The bar staff was friendly, nice and attentive! He took our drink order and dropped off the late night menu... the menu everyone had been ranting and raving about, the menu That brought us to this bar only to find out.. the menu changed!! Yes changed! NO burger and fries deal, no calamari special the only the thing that was the same was the $1 oysters! When we asked the bartender what's up w the the menu he Told us it had changed.. So I ordered the Rockefeller oysters, fried oysters and a couple raw ones as well and they were delicious.  The cook brought them out which nice. Overall the place was nice and the food was good but I wouldn't go out of my way to drive that far for it..
2	So I came here with my parents while I'm visiting them in Vegas. The location is easy to find with plenty of parking, but I wasn't impressed with Shucks Tavern. When you walk in, it is DARK. There's a sign that says seat yourself, but it really isn't noticeable when you first walk in. We sat right off the bar area in what I guess is the dining room area. Being from LA, I can't get over people smoking inside bars. I guess Vegas' law says you can smoke in the bar but not in the dining room. Um... the dining room is the same room as the bar so I don't know how you'd escape the smoke. Whatever. I ordered a strawberry daiquiri off the menu only to be told that their blender is broken. For our meals, I ordered fried shrimp with fries w/ steak fries. My mom got a shrimp po'boy w/ regular fries, and my dad got a combo shrimp plate w/ steak fries. Mine came out as ordered but I had to ask twice for lemon. Mom's came with steak fries, which she doesn't like. She wanted regular fries. And dad's came out missing the coconut shrimp (which is part of the platter) because they were "all out." Long story short, something was wrong with at least one thing on each of our plates. Hello?! The service here was really iffy. The food runner looked like he was scared of the customers and our server was full on eating a meal while we were waiting for our check. We probably won't be back because the food was nothing special and the service didn't impress.
5	We eat here all the time and it is one of our favorite seafood places in Vegas.  The portions are large, the food is fresh and the value is good.  Fridays have appetizer specials for $5 each and we usually chow down on all of those.  The crab is always well prepared and the oysters are tasty.  The service is generally prompt and professional.
5	There bus boy although he resembled Ellen Degeneres was very helpful and polite. Food was amazing and service from them employees was phenomenal. Trevor well done son.
2	Food was decent. Ordered shrimp combo platter which was great. What turned me off was the smoke from the bar. The bar wasn't separated from the eating area and we could smell all the smoke. Sorry, but that doesn't make any meal worth coming back.
1	So our first time coming here was a pretty bad experience. My husband, and brother in law, and myself were in the mood for some seafood, and decided to give this place a try after seeing some of the good reviews on yelp. When we first walked in we werent really greeted, so we just found an open table (that wasn't covered in old dishes that hadn't been bussed yet). About 15 minutes later we had a servicer come take our drink orders. After about another 15 minutes we were able to order. My husband ordered a crab bucket, his brother a shrimp bucket, and I Ordered a shrimp poboy. We also got two appetizers the calamari and the clam strips. The calamari was burnt to a crisp, like crack your jaw and slice up the inside of your mouth burnt crisp. And the clam strips were more like fat little clam chunks, I've never seen them cut up that way. And they were very tough. Unlike the calamari they were at least edible, unfortunately there were only like 4 clam strips on the plate. All together the appetizers were very disappointing. By this time we've long been out of water. And couldn't seem to catch the attention of the 2 servers that were rushing around past our table. Finally when our food was brought to us (maybe other 15-20 minutes had passed) we asked the server who had brought the food for some refills, and tried to place an order for a drink. She kind of stared for a few seconds then repeated the drink order and said alright no problem and seemed to be off to put the drink order in and bring refills. We never saw her or our drinks the rest of the night. The food we ordered was ok. The portions for the shrimp and crab buckets were very small. Both meals came out in small bowls, with an empty bucket to throw the shells away in.. so I guess that's what the bucket part is about. Which is very misleading.All in all it was not a good experience. I'm not sure if we'll be coming back here. It's a shame too because we really wanted to like it since it's so close to our house.
5	Music is always good - love the classic rock playlist.  Fish is mostly good for almost every dish on menu.  Most is fresh which is hard to filings in Vegas.  Marty bartender is awesome.  He came from Shucks on Eastern & Serene.  Tons of TVs.  Good local vibe.  My favorite dish is the blackened chicken tacos with their signature salsa.
5	They have changed the menu and I think it was great. More options for the different seafood. Much easier to try several different options to see what you like. Come give it a try.
2	My friend and I wanted to try a new place and didn't want to travel far from flamingo and 215 area. We enlisted Yelp to help us find a place to dine at. Shucks came to mind. After reading all the reviews this seemed to be THE place the be! so we decided to give it at shot. When you walk in you see is the bar, we looked for a hostess but there's a sign to seat yourself. On the right hand side is the bar with some high top tables to sit at and on the left there are tables and booths restaurant style. We decided to sit at a booth with a large table because we were planning on eating a lot of food. We were greeted by the waiter and he gave us some time to look at the menu. There is a pretty good selection of seafood and other items such as sandwiches and pasta to choose from. My friend and I went for the seafood. We ordered 1/2 a dozen raw oysters on the shell, 1/2 lb of black mussels, 1/2 lb of manila clams, 1 lb of snow crab legs, garlic french fries, and a crab and spinach dip. seasonings for the seafood we choose lemon and garlic. The food didn't take too long to come out except for our garlic fries. First, came the crab and spinach dip. Consistency was different than what I'm used to. It was a little runny and had a strong sea food taste from the crab. I'm used to this dip being a little thicker and more creamy.  We had to add some hot sauce, salt and pepper to the appetizer so it wouldn't taste as bland. The chips that came with it were almost a cross between a tortilla and a pita bread. Next came the oysters. Those were delicious. White meat not cloudy and didn't smell fishy. Then the rest of our food arrived. Everything smelled so GOOD and mouth watering but when we started slurping and eating everything our noses deceived us. The food smelled so tasty and aromatic but it did not taste the same way. Weird right? I guess we are so used to eating at Hot 'n' Juicy. We finished our meal and I totally didn't even notice that our garlic fries never came out. We flagged down the waiter and asked them if they forgot it? He went to check and said the cooks forgot but it seemed like he forgot to ring it in. The fries came out about 5 minutes later super oily and shiny with some sort of garlic white powder on top of them. I didn't even want to eat it. I tried one and the moment I bit into it I felt like an oil bubble bursted into my mouth.This place is nice and clean but the service was a little poor. They only had 2 table sitting in that area with 2 servers serving as well.  The price is good for what you get especially since it is seafood. So if you are looking for something close in the area with mediocore seafood. This will be the spot.
4	Stopped by today for lunch after deciding against Krazy Sushi and I have to say it was a GREAT decision. It was a little pricey but everything was so good! Started with oysters on the half shell... They were perfect! The had the chose 4 and did x2 on the peel and eat shrimp, the Rockefeller oysters, and the calamari. Everything was great! The calamari had just the right amount of breading to not be overbearing and was fried perfectly! My lunch was so yummy!
3	Great food. Horrible service.  The hostess is unfriendly and tonight we had the worst waiter.  I will be back but only for the food.
5	Have been here many many times and we love this place as it open 24/7 great fresh and juicy food, great selection of liquors and pretty comfortable.
1	It's like that meal you eat when you're really hungry and all of a sudden your full and grossed out.  The crab and spinach dip was runny and simply not good.  It came with toasted flour tortillas cut in triangles.  The crab cakes were salty and full of flavors that shouldn't go together.  The Rockefeller oysters and fried shrimp weren't bad.  Garlic fries were greasy and salty.  Ceviche was plain.  Snow crab and peel and eat shrimp was ok.  My advice is stick to the bar and have yourself a beer.
4	For a restaurant/bar type dive, I think this place is great! I always have great and friendly service whether I'm sitting at the bar or in the restaurant side. I personally am not a huge fan of seafood but I enjoyed most of what they have to offer. The bacon wrapped shrimp was good just not very much for an appetizer! The prices are very cheap in my opinion. This is my favorite dive in the area based on food and atmosphere!
5	We went to Shucks for the first time yesterday for breakfast.The food was delicious! My husband had the crab and lobster omelette and it was sooooo good! The prices are great and the service was great! We will definitely be going back :)
5	We've loved Shucks for a long time at the other location (and also the location that closed a few years back). About the Durango location, I can add they bend over backward to please the customers! We had a marvelous lunch. As starters, we shared a bowl of their fantastic, peppery, creamy clam chowder with lots of chunks of clam and a good clam flavor. Next, oysters Rockefeller -- a delicacy you can't get many places. Add a splash of lemon and enjoy. The shrimp cocktail contained seven huge, fresh, delectable shrimp with a very pleasant cocktail sauce. The Big Mothershucker (yes, you read that right) is perhaps the best burger you will ever eat. Share it unless you are insanely hungry -- it contains a full pound of hamburger plus much more. The combination of ingredients is so good! On top of all this deliciousness, the item that blew me away this time  was garlic fries. At last, a place that realizes garlic is not a word to be whispered delicately, but an elation to be freely enjoyed! The garlic was delicious even on its own. The fries were fantastic. How do they do it? What a meal. As if that were not enough, Monday is $2 domestic draft day. There are different special items every day. They've also got great pasta, crabcakes, all sorts of crab, shrimp, oh man. If seafood is your thing, this is the place. If seafood is not your thing, this is still the place!
4	I first learned of Shuck's a couple of years ago after a friend told me about their fantastically inexpensive breakfast specials. Until now I had only visited the Flamingo/215 location and only for breakfast. When looking for place for the midday meal, the Mrs. and I opted for Shuck's. The only disappointment here is that I hadn't previously tried their lunch menu. They have a burger called the Mother Shucker that features a full pound of beef.  I opted for the smaller version or the "Baby Mother." It came with fries (you can get garlic fries) and I added a side salad. The side salad was one the larger ones I've seen and featured red leaf lettuce, tomato and onion. Even the Baby Mother was huge and some kind of tasty. The waitress, Ashley, was very friendly and attentive, offering her advice on which fried fish the Mrs. should get. Good call on the Haddock Ashley. It was fresh and crisp, complete with garlic fries. I left stuffed like a Thanksgiving Turkey, with a smile on my face. Next time I'll attempt the Mother Shucker.
5	A group of 5 of us tried this and we were pleasantly surprised. Nothing fancy to look at and a bit smokey in the bar area but in the restaurant not bad. The food was really good and in large servings. We had jambalaya that was pretty spicy but good, seafood tacos, steak and shrimp, linguini and clams and a shrimp, crab and lobster Louie. Not a complaint in this group of critical eaters. Even two of us went back for breakfast and enjoyed it completely. A definite do again. Service was fast and friendly.
2	Ok neighborhood-vibe restaurant. Food was typical of a greasy spoon. Or maybe I'm just from LA and have higher standards. The oysters were just ok. Even those felt somewhat...'greasy'.
5	Great food, great service.  Only thing I wish is that they wouldn't allow smoking, but that's every Vegas bar.
3	If you want seafood at 3 AM this is your place! I tried the crab legs they were fresh and prepared well. The flavored butter was a very nice touch. You can get the crab with different flavors- old bay is what I tried you can't go wrong with that. The bar has video poker, it's an average style vegas bar. It's nice to have someplace to go for late night seafood if your looking for something different.
5	Coming from the Northeast, you learn what is and isn't a good a New England Clam Chowder. Shucks is near the top of my favorite list in clam chowder. It's thick, creamy, and most importantly, it's meaty and there's a good amount of potatoes. I can say that their $5.95 bowl of chowder beats all of the $8 to $12 bowls that some fancy seafood places might charge. I also had the Crab Alfredo. Creamy and a lot of crab meat. It was really filling. Looking at the menu, there are a lot of combos and other dishes too. I can not wait to come back and try more. Just a note before you pack the family in the car to come here: you must be 21 to enter and the bar allows smoking, the dining area is completely non-smoking.
4	I was watching a re-run of Bizzare Foods recenlty and saw Andrew Zimmern diggnig up clams in Rhode Island.  Suddenly I found myself with a strong craving for fried clam strips.  I used to share a basket with my mom at our favorite sea food place when I was a kid.  I had to have them again.  It had been too long.  After much searching a failed attempt at a restaurant that no longer exists, I found myself at Shucks Tavern.  It was about 9:30 AM when I was in the area and I knew Shucks to be open 24/7.  So in I walked and was immediately handed a menu for breakafast items.  I gave the guy a funny look and asked if they were serving only breakfast or if I could order from the regular menu.  He said I could order anything and must have been confused by my request.  I mean who wouldn't be.  I'm sure most people don't tend to order fried clams at 9:30 in the morning.  But I've never been one for breakfast foods and I had a craving.  So I ordered my fried clams, a side salad with Italian dressing and an ice tea.  What seemed like many minutes went by and were fewer than it seemed.  Soon I had my salad and a nice plate of fried clams.  They were impressive too.  Dark golden brown.  Big and meaty.  There was a large cup of cocktail sauce and a couple of lemon wedges on the side.  The salad was perfect for a side.  Mixed greens, tomato, onion.  The perfect amount of dressing.  The vinegar woke up my taste buds and got me ready for the good stuff, the clams.  And they were good.  Tender but still chewy to let me know they were the real deal.  None of this chopped formed garbage.  Perfectly fried and crispy.  The cocktail sauce was amazing.  There was enough horse radish to make me sweat.  A little extra lemon juice mixed in and it was perfect.  I ate down those crispy little bi-valves and felt this sense of euphoria wash over me.  My craving had been satisfied and I was ready to begin the rest of my day.  Everybody else can keep their Wheaties.  For me, fried clams first thing in the morning is the true breakfast of champions.
5	The Oyster bake (Rockafeller)   is the ONLY way oysters should be ate. 100% perfection life will nvr be the same
5	Absolutely great place!  Open 24 hours, so even when I'm working strange hours I can always stop in for a beer.  It's got video poker if that's your thing but I usually come with work friends to decompress.  Not only is it one of the very few 24/7 places out here in this neighborhood, it's FANTASTIC!  Usually have to choose one or the other.  Never knew it existed until a friend showed me, and I've been missing out!  Service is friendly and helpful, the barkeeps are familiar with even infrequent customers, and the food is bomb.  Try the seafood chowder!  It's incredibly delicious!
5	Love this place!!! As a Bears fan I love havering a place to go and watch he game with other local bears fans!! The food is always awesome and they have the freshest oysters!!!
3	I've been to this and the other location a few times. I've got to say that I'm surprised that I'm able to get good seafood from a bar. I love oysters so $1 oyster night on Thursdays is great to take advantage of. The service is decent enough. I mean it is a bar so I don't expect super tentative service or anything but the servers are always nice. The prices aren't too bad either. I had the lobster roll. Now it's not big chunks of lobster meat like I'm used to. It's a lobster salad (which it does state in the menu) with mayo and celery. However there is a good amount of meat in the roll and it is tasty. When given the option of fries I chose garlic. Those were very good as well. They use a fresh make garlic butter with minced garlic over the fries. As far as drinks go, my mother had a mandarin cosmo which was delicious. I've had good experiences with this place so far and will continue to come back.
4	This place is great..it's clean and the food is amazing ...the best coconut shrimp I have ever had.. my boyfriend had the taco sampler and it was delicious..
5	Love this place! Come here regularly with some buddies to catch up and get a few drinks at the bar. Food is bomb, staff is friendly, and prices are fair. Would recommend this place to anyone looking to relax at a great bar and grub on some delicious food.
1	Service has a lot to be desired. If you like being ignored at the bar then you'll like it here. My boyfriend had crab cakes which he described as "gross cakes". Just ordered oysters Rockefeller one if my favorites! But at this "oyster bar" the oysters were the worst part I only ate 2 and finished the lackluster spinach due to extreme hunger just plain eww. I've been here before and ordered a spinach dip that was so cold in the middle I had to return it so they could heat it up, it wasn't any better warm though. This place has just been such a huge disappointment. It's walking distance from my house but I would rather drive to a bar that has better food and service. Sorry not sorry.
