5	Since I'm personal friends with the people of this place, I'll write my review strictly about the facts.The place is super cool and with an amazing patio. The massive bar is awesome and pretty comfortable furniture.Also since I'm a Mexican food expert (or at least I think so) the guacamole is by far the closest to the real thing that you can find in AZ and the salsas are super tasty.They also have a Mega Margarita that is great for sharing (you know, sharing is caring).Besides my friendship with this guys, I seriously think this is a great addition to the area!CheersPS The bathrooms are spacious and they have a mirror, so you can check your smile without having to worry about embarrassment (to make sure there's no guacamole in your teeth)
1	This place is a disaster for drinks.  The music is that loungy music you would never listen to on your own-  Not techno, just bad loungy music there-  Hate that kind of music.  If you get a Margarita, its tough to get more than two sips of your own drink.  They use so much ice,  No kidding,   I could drink the margarita in 30 seconds or less.  Everything is pre-made for the most part and there is so little liquor used you feel you are paying for Margarita flavored Kool-Aid for $8.00 at a time.  They can't screw up a shot of a Tequila and there is a large(and expensive) selection.  I am not a cheap guy, but hate being ripped off.I hope this review kicks them in the butt a little bit.  I did not try the food but I went to Modern Margarita to have of  course;  a Margarita.   I will be skipping this place in the future.  A good place to meet in front of and then go somewhere else.
4	Just had a mid-day lunch at Modern Margarita. Great Place! I am not one to write a review about a restaurant, but felt compelled for MM.Nice place to go for lunch! My wife and I sat outside on the patio, which provided us with a nice view of the whole establishment. Attention to detail is obvious, with the natural wood colors, and concrete countertops on the bar.I was curious about the Hot Mango Margarita, so I thought I would give it a try. Yeap...It's spicy!. But really good. Worth a try. We both enjoyed our food, (Pork Street Taco's and Steak Salad) and the presentation. The service was friendly and attentive.After going for lunch, we now want to go back from dinner and drinks. The day time vibe is cool, but I bet the evening is even better. To the owners...nicely done. We look forward to coming back and spreading the word! Thanks for opening in City North. It's nice to see businesses opening up in this great location!GRACIAS!
4	Went a few days ago, shortly after their opening. Did not see their sign, but we found the place by the crowd in front.  Every seat at the bar and all tables were taking. We found some spa e at the bar and ordered some drinks. No surprise, given their name, as they have a number of different margaritas. I went with the "Rustic" which was supposed to be a little spicy, but did not register on my heat index. Ordered the grilled fish tacos, which were great! The place had a good vibe to it, with hip music adding to the experience. Finally, our server, Michelle was friendly and efficient, so the staff had obviously been well trained.
3	Great drinks and bartenders, but that's where it ends. Hostess stand and table staff too slow. People waiting outside and multiple empty tables unbussed outside. Saw one couple steal a dirty table. Hostess noticed and did nothing, which caused an argument with the server. Very unprofessional. Give them time, they might improve.
3	Pros- Great ambiance and decor, love the patio and booths. Pretty good happy hour prices for drinks and appetizers.  I ordered shrimp tacos and they were delicious! Cons- Inexperienced servers and bussers, we had a busser approach our table with a gray bucket, he then proceeded to scrape our finished plates across the table dumping them in the bucket. Sort of made me feel like I was in the school cafeteria. Also, rather small portions, if you're a dude you'll probably want to get 2 orders of tacos. This place definitely has great potential after they iron out the kinks!
2	Went here to celebrate a birthday a couple days back with family and was pretty disappointed in the food. I would give this place one star but the atmosphere is pretty hip and I appreciate that so I'll add a star but ONLY for that. There were 5 of us and not one of us liked the food unfortunately. The "medium" burger we ordered was rock hard, and the salads were not very flavorful. Another one of us ordered tacos and they were bland and couldn't be finished due to the taste (or lack thereof). The salsas for this place were decent and then I find out after the fact that they charge $6 for chips with the trio of salsas (what?). The server should have mentioned that they charge for chips. The moscow mule I ordered was too sweet (think melted lime-flavored Otter Pop) -- I'll  be back here but only for drinks that come out of a bottle from a manufacturer.. Sorry MM, I really wanted to like you guys and the manager was super-cool (comped a couple of dishes) and friendly but there are too many other places to go around here that have great food and cocktails for the price you're charging! I'm sad because I'm really rooting for City North too! :[
1	HORRIBLE EXCUSE FOR A RESTAURANT. Honestly I don't complain much and I never write negative reviews but this was an all time low. Let me start by saying we were walked right back to the worst table in the house, the atmosphere was so cool, and the patio really nice, yet somehow we got escorted to a tiny table near the bathrooms. I got whiffs of the bathrooms every time the doors opened and closed. I asked if we could sit outside and was told "no sorry this is all we have." She didn't even offer to have us wait a few minutes while they cleared a table.It gets worse. We were not acknowledged for about 25 minutes and once we were we ordered chips, salsa, and guac, and gacos. Over an hour later we still had not received a damn thing. Not even an apology or an acknowledgement from the server. When my husband finally asked, she said oh the kitchen is making the chips. (Really? In a Mexican restaurant?) sounds like you forgot to order them. (P.s they charge for chips, salsa and guac..not cool). Finally after about an hour and a half the food came out and I wish we would have walked out of this place. The carne asada tacos were so disgusting I had to spit them out in my napkin..pure fat..hard meat, awful. The fish tacos were decent but noting. Great and the salsa sucked, overall it could not have been a worse experience. The only thing the waitress did do was comp the 3 dollar chips at the end, Thanks.Loud music bumping, inexperienced servers, unprofessional service, horrible food. I'll be shocked if this place survives another 6 months.
3	Anytime we are in Tempe we always eat at sister restaurant Modern Tequila and since we live in North Phoenix, definitely was looking forward to sampling this joint. So here is my experience -- our server was either not very smart or borderline rude, couldn't figure out which (Michelle) never brought us silverware or plates even after our main course showed up. When I asked her for silverware she only brought one fork, not for anyone else at the table...girl was in such a hurry that she missed out on at least 4 more drink orders and acted slightly put out when we stopped her to order another round, I don't get it, made me feel uncomfortable just asking for another margarita (good margi's.) With that said will not let this initial experience keep us from hanging on the patio again.
5	Great food and drinks! The place has a cool vibe and they just started bringing a DJ in for the weekend. Came in here with friends for lunch on a Sunday and they were featuring happy hour all day and the DJ was awesome!!! He played a good mix of music and it definitely added to the ambiance of the place. Great place and I'm definitely considering myself a "regular"!!!! Highly recommend this place!!!
1	I had high hopes, but stay away! I've been here twice hoping my first try was a bad night for them. As others have said, the staff is not experienced, not friendly, and almost pissy that they are working. We walked in and the bar tender just stared at me and my hub. A patron had to tell us to find our own seat. THEN...there was a shard of glass in my margarita. The manager handled it poorly. Blamed dishwasher?The patio and decor are nice, but staff ruin it. Had to ask for every little thing...napkin,straw, silverware, etc. seriously needs improvement bf ill spend money there again
5	Great Tacos, Great Margaritas, Great Happy Hour
3	I was invited to Modern Margarita via their Facebook for one of their first nights. I enjoyed the food but was a little disappointed with the drinks. When I asked to change the tequila to something a little "higher shelf" they were unable to do it. They pre-mixed everything instead of making items fresh. I am hoping that as they get through the initial opening, they are able to help customers out with requests like these. Overall the service was good, the atmosphere was nice. It feels very much like a new "trendy hot spot" where often people are looking to see and be seen. If I have a group of girlfriends looking for a night out, this place will now be on the list.
4	I'm rounding up because I had a really good time.  The place is very nice, I like the patio, this is the same location were the coffee shop used to be.  We were a group of 17 women, so you can imagine our poor server was a little overwhelmed.  I had the steak skewers and those were amazing, the chimichurri sauce was great.  Very similar to the one I had in Argentina several years ago.  I was not in the mood for a margarita, but most of my friends had several, they look good and my friends said it was tasty.  I will definitely come back to try other items, and my steak skewers.
2	Im giving two stars because it used to be ok. over all This place was a lot better when they first opened. Their drinks have become weak, their chips changed and now taste stale and have that thick store bought texture and artificial yellow color to them, and food almost always comes out cold. We used to be fans... Definitely not coming back. There service is always horrible as well, their women's uniforms are trashy and unattractive (one shoulder dingy shirts and yoga pants) , not to mention no one seems to know what the heck they are doing. Had high hopes for this place but now it's just a bunch of trashy kids running around serving bad food and bad drinks, but not before stopping to give each other piggy back rides down the patio and taking self photos to presumably post online. What happened to professionalism in the work place?Don't waste your time .
2	The Good:Grilled fish tacos = DeliciousThe Bad:Margaritas (yes, at "modern margarita" the margaritas were terrible)Okay:Pork TacosGuacamoleChips & Salsa = pretty good, but they were out of the chipotle salsa so we didn't get to try that one even though we paid for it.
3	Modern Margarita has a very cool vibe to it with a beautiful interior and relaxing large outdoor patio. It's a good place to grab a drink and some chips & guac, but not really great as a dining destination. The menu is small and there is all of one vegetarian entree choice. I ordered the veggie street tacos, and they were fine. Nothing really spectacular but not terrible either. The size of one order of tacos ($7) is too small to make a lunch, so you will need to order chips & salsa ($6) and/or chips & guacamole ($6). The salsas are just okay - we got the trio to try them all and the pico and tomatillo were a little bland. The chipotle roasted was yummy. The negative with our $6 order is that each salsa comes in a tiny little dish and though you get free refills, our service wasn't fantastic and it took a good amount of time. The guacamole is good. For being such a fancy place, it's so strange that when you order water it's the really nasty Phoenix hard-metal tasting water. Someone forgot to install a filter.I would return here for happy hour to have a drink and some chips out on the patio, but don't plan on having entire meals here.
2	Went there for happy hour the other day. I really liked the other Modern mexican place down on Mill but this one didn't have the same feel even though the decor was very similar. I had the chips and salsa flight for $3 and the chips were rather tasty and the salsas were pretty good but I could have used some spice. The happy hour beer deal wasn't great, $3 domestics, $4 mexican beers and craft domestics and $5 for imports. The patio looked nice but gets nailed by the sun in the afternoon and can be hot even with the misting system. Wasn't a fan of the fairly loud lounge electronic music, the interior has so many hard surfaces it can get rather loud. I stayed for a beer and chips but walked across the street to Blue Martini for a much more fun setting with better happy hour deals. Service was a bit spotty. I am not sure that I would go back, perhaps I will give it another shot when it's not summer time.
2	Based on the mixed reviews by other Yelpers, I knew my experience would be a gamble. And sure enough, my experience at MM was eh, just ok. All started well. My two friends and I were greeted and promptly seated in a booth. The decor is really modern and the booth was comfy. The perfect size for chatting with friends...if you can hear them!! The music is SO loud that we all noticed it. We had to yell to be heard. Some songs were louder than others and it became unbearable. Finally, we asked them to turn it down and they did. Whew!! Now for the food. Ordered the salsa flight, guacamole, vegetarian tostadas, chicken skewers and steak skewers to share. I wondered if the tortilla chips were from the bottom of a bag. Half of the basket consisted of small, broken chips. No bueno! The salsa trio was great. I particularly enjoyed the salsa verde. The guacamole was average. The chicken and steak skewers were really delicious and the sauces that accompanied them were very nice touches. Vegetarian tostadas were fantastic and very flavorful! I ordered one wine and one Mexican beer. Can't go wrong there. Service: our server was friendly but she wasn't consistent in asking us if we enjoyed our food or if we needed anything. Had to ask someone else to bring the bill and after 15 minutes of waiting for her to pick it up, I got up to walk it to the bar to cash out. Verdict: their happy hour makes it worth going back but I won't expect much else.
2	Service was ok. Tacos were great but small.  The first set of chips were rancid :(
5	I frequent Modern Margarita weekly. It's a very nice addition to City North and the Desert Ridge neighborhood. They have a great ambiance going on inside and I love their patio--best misters around here. Guacamole-legitSalsa Flight- good with unique & smoky flavorTacos - I've had the carne asada, pork & shrimp, all have been superb. Drinks- you'll find any tequila you could think of behind the bar. Their mojitos are excellent and one of the female bartenders makes an outstanding mojito with a pineapple twist (can't remember her name). Moscow Mule- reason enough to head to Modern Margarita. THEY KNOW HOW TO MAKE ONE. And it is served in the traditional tin mug!-- a concept most phoenix bars can't quite grasp. Last thing, Sunday is all day happy hour. What's not to love here?
5	Love this place! They have an awesome salsa flight and guacamole! Such a fun atmosphere for either a nice relaxed lunch or a fun night out with great margaritas! This is a regular spot for my friends and I to just have a great time! Very much recommended if you want Mexican food with a modern twist!
4	Food, service and happy hour were really good.  We will definitely be back.
4	Had a team lunch here recently and the vibe is like it's name, modern yet still cool.  Had the Chicken Street Tacos and they were delicious.  The guac is good too and try their salsa flight.  I'm going back at Happy Hour next!
5	Love this place! Beautiful place and great margaritas.  Love the salsas and the guacamole but my favorite is the tacos!
4	I love the ambiance here! I brought my parents here since I had a groupon. We got chips n Salsa, two margaritas (mom got a beer), and grilled fish tacos. It was pretty good food and drinks all around. A bit pricey-er than other Mexican restaurants since they charge for chips.
2	My girlfriend and I were excited to try something different up north here.  I may return for happy hour but she certainly wouldn't. The vibe was cool. Music was really loud, but it was a Friday night so I get if they were trying to keep up with Blue Martini across the way. I was surprised at how busy it was when I walked in but then excited about the people watching. It's a neat, small space. The host was great. Very friendly and helpful. I finally found a couple of seats at the bar and ordered a couple of the specialty drinks on the menu when I girlfriend arrived. She got the yoga marg and I got some blanco drink with grapefruit. The drinks were tasty, but the bartender was saltier than the rim of my glass. We immediately were taken back by her passiveness and abrupt responses to our questions about the menu. (Which consisted of one question- street tacos are three to an order. Do we pick three or is it three of the same). Anyhow, my girlfriend had a shard of glass shoot through her straw into her mouth. Not upset about it, it happens. I worked in the industry for years so hey, you burn the ice, make new drinks and apologize. No such luck. We told the bar back, he alerted the bartender, she got irritated. He had to convince to to make a new drink. She made hers, set it down and walked away. No apology, no words even. I grabbed the bar back and said, "I hate to be a pain in the a*$ but the waters and my drink came from the same well. We need these remade too if you could. ". He was totally on board but this irritated her further. She made the drinks and never burned a well. I asked her if the drinks came from the same one and her response, three times, was, "I promise... You're good."  Never, it came from a different well; im sorry that happened; let me check; is your friend ok... After twenty minutes I grabbed a manager to let her know that there was ice in one of the wells because I watched to see neither get burned and somebody was going to end up chewing on more glass. The manager immediately dealt with the bar and we never saw our bartender again.  Until she threw the check down. I'll give credit on the place, the food was ok and the atmosphere made up for it. That bartender though made us never want to go back. Before any of this happened, we had tried to make up an excuse to sit on the other end of the bar to avoid her attitude.  I've been in the industry for a long time and have had yelp reviews written about me. Some good. Some bad. You can't win em all. You can, however, be nice to people, even when you're busy, and let the chips fall where they may.  Unfortunately she chose to play her cards horribly.  Owners, talk to your girl and make a real smile a requirement.
3	Definitely A-OK!  Very cool ambiance.  Yes, the big funky chandeliers are from Ikea, but that's what's so cool!  You don't have to blow the bank account to give a funky, urban feel.  Whoever did the interior design rocked it---I wanted to go home and re-do my house!  The inside dining room was full, so we were seated on the patio, which thanks to the misters, was very comfortable---and the loud music was pleasantly dimmed.Okay now...the important stuff.  We went on a Groupon deal.  That always makes the service iffy.  Some servers hear the word "Groupon" and shut down.  So all I can say is: "Sit at Jim's station!!!!"  Totally great guy----attentive without hovering, chatted without being chatty, exuded niceness and "I like people and my job" vibe.  I wanted to take him home and adopt him!  We'll definitely ask to be seated in his section when we return---and the fact we mention returning shows MM was a good time!We had the $60 for 4 people Groupon.  DH and I both ordered glasses of wine and our under-aged Dining Companions stuck to water.  (Jim brought us all water WITH lemon---extra point!)  The menu is not huge, so we weren't mulling it over for an hour.  But while we considered our options, we ordered the flight of salsas and chips.  Plenty of fresh, crispy chips and the salsas were good!  Tomatillo, chipotle, and pico de gallo. Luckily, amongst the four of us, we all had our favorites, so there wasn't too much squabbling and with free refills of salsas and chips, we got our fill!  In the end, DH ordered the plate of Chicken Street tacos (corn) and I got the Carne Asada Street Tacos (flour), 3 to a plate, then we shared between us.  Our DC's also got the chicken tacos and a chicken salad.  Then between the four of us, we split an order of onion rings.The onion rings came with a spicy aioli dip.  They were lightly battered, crisp, hot...so good!  I would say totally house-made.  The chicken tacos were okay.  Not a whole lot of flavor, really---I don't think chicken in any form has too much flavor!---but we were piling on lots of the yummy salsas.  The carne asada tacos were very simple.  Some grilled meat, a few slices of avocado, and a ring of onion.  But they didn't need a lot of dressing.  The quality and taste of the beef was so good!  DH ate half of the one I shared and said for sure that's what he was ordering next time!  They were delish.  I didn't sample the kids' chicken salad, but they ate every scrap and commented on how fresh it was, with the lettuce, chicken, apple slices, cheese, egg...they enjoyed!  A couple of points to earlier reviews: first, yeah, these are small portions but this is more a bar than a restaurant AND it's all about the small plates.  For the quantity and quality, I think prices were very reasonable.  And secondly, I agree---how cool if Jim the Wonder Server had come around with one of those trays of shot-glass desserts.  That would have been a great finale.  We would have squeezed it in, although I have to tell you---between the chips and the tacos and the onion rings and the salad, everybody was very satisfied at the end of the meal.Good food, great service, reasonable prices, neat ambiance and fifteen minutes from our house----I would be surprised if Modern Margarita doesn't become a regular stop on our dining route!
1	My wife and I had dinner last Friday night.  It was terrible.  We ordered the Angus burgers.  The meat on the burgers were just two small slider patties.  The onion rings were full of liquid, clearly frozen items.  The wine was expensive and was a name brand, however, what they served us didn't  at all taste like the wine listed.  It was probably a cheap substitute - I think this is illegal.  This restaurant is off our list.
1	I had never heard of this place. We hit this place up for a buddies bday after one of his friends got us kicked out of Sandbar. The name sounded promising... A) Who doesn't love margaritas, and B) a modern hip place is usually fun. However, when we got there, we quickly found out why its in N. Scottsdale. The crowd is essentially a 45 year old and up early dinner crowd. The drinks: After all this a bar entitled with the word Margarita in it. So the Margs and premade, and the bartenders just pour them into glasses from a carafe. This has its positives and negatives. Positive: The drinks come out quick.. You order, she pours, done. Negative: No human element to it. If you request it a little sweet, they have to alter it. If you want more agave nectar, no chance, etc... I personally am never coming back: But thats because I don't live up there. If I lived in Cave Creek or Desert Ridge, etc, you'd probably eventually find a menu item you'd like and find a way to make the margaritas not too sweet. Like I did by adding beer to it.
3	Cool place with too cool staff.
4	Cool vibe, not as busy as other places in the area but food was good...our server was really helpful and great!
1	No service, that's none, by female bartender on Sunday.  I left and will never return.  Pass the word.
3	I have heard some cool things about the Modern margarita, but you know.. it really didn't impress me. Maybe I am too blame because I sat outside and maybe that was the mistake, because many didn't want to sit outside, and the wait staff sure didn't want to go outside either. With that being said, the service wasn't bad. I have no problem with it. The food. For being a Mexican fusion place (which is what I assume they are going for) it really isn't much fusion at all. It is actually fairly basic, and if i want basic Mexican food I go straight to the source and I pay basic Mexican cuisine prices. So here I wasn't impressed either. As the sun set, it became really cozy out on the patio. With the lighting and the very open space, I could dig it.. but that isn't why I would go all the way up northern Phoenix to do a patio-hang. If that is my desire there is way better places down town to do this. Modern Margarita, I will give you one more chance soon. But that's it. Impress me. And I hope you are ready to bring out the fever-dream mule-kick margarita then.
3	Came here today with a friend for lunch because she had told me about the mango margarita. We sat at the bar and when we ordered the Mango margarita the bartender said they were "out". I was kinda bummed out and when we asked what other margaritas were good she said she didn't know because she's only 20... Not sure why you would have a bartender who can't taste the drinks. Overall the food and drinks were ok nothing to write home about.
3	Street taco and skewers kind of place.  Food was light and fresh.  They serve onion rings which is kind of weird but then who doesn't like onion rings.  Lots of Tequila on the shelf that are all reasonably priced.  Nothing high end but it's more of a margarita joint than a Tequila sipping bar.  Place is a bit squishy but the outside patio is pretty large.
3	Was here for a singles event. Kind of a skinny setup, but it was crowded, so tough to move around. Patio is small in the back, but bigger in front. Huge bar and fair drink prices on this Saturday night - only 4 bucks for a Dos Equis from ole beer bucket gal. Jello shot girl passed me about ten times, but never asked if i wanted a shot. Free chips and triple salsa. Green was hotter than the red in this case and pico de gallo is always a safe choice.
4	It's a cool looking place. Have eaten there 3 times already. The tacos are small and if you are a big eater you might need to order two sets of 3 but they are good (the chicken tacos are very good) except for the Veggie tacos which are kind of only mushrooms and tortilla.  At night it turns into a cool bar. They even have a DJ on weekend nights and the one I heard was great. So for food 3 stars for margaritas and ambiance 5 stars. So average 4 stars.
2	Poor service. Waited 15 minutes to place a drink order. Took forever to close our tab. Gets a 2 star rating ONlY because the street tacos were good AND we used a Groupon.
2	If you are going to call yourself, "Modern Margarita", it's expected to have more creative margaritas and a few more choices than just seven.  The food portions were small but good.We were having a fun time up to the point that I asked for a draft beer and the Asian bartender poured a glass with two inches of head and then poured another glass of beer into it.  When he served it to me, I asked for a new beer and he said, "No".
5	We went on a living social deal and we felt that this place was fun, great food and yummy Margarittas with great value for the money.  They were having happy hour so we added guamole, and 2 beers. Started with the salsa sampler with free refills tasty. My husband had the grilled fish tacos and loved them, however for some strange reason mine didn't taste as good, however i told the waitress Jen and she asked if I wanted something else.  i asked for ONE carne asda Taco and I felt is was very good and again yummy.  I also took the other 2 carene asda taco's to go.Customer service here is 5 star.  They really try to please their customers.  Can't wait to go back for Sunday happy hour which is all day for food and drinks.
5	My friend and I bought a groupon on Sunday morning and checked this place out for lunch that day. There at a few reasons specifically that I loved this place. The atmosphere was great, the service was phenomenal and thorough.First, I am highly allergic to mango/ which is a frequently used ingredient in a ton of modern Mexican restaurants. I asked one server, not ours about the salsa flight, just in case. Not thinking about it when our server came back he said without missing a beat "oh and ma'am there is no mango in the salsa flight." I asked what he recommended and he provides options in every section of the menu in depth and when I chose his favorite, the chilled steak salad, he checked that there was no mango in the dressing either. He was consistent with water refills and checked on us just the right amount.Second, he was super knowledgeable about the groupon. He let us know which foods and drinks counted and didn't act like we were any less of customers just because we had a groupon, though we wouldn't have minded paying full price/ it was worth it.Overall it was an amazing afternoon, great food, wonderful service and we will definitely return with friends.Well done Julian, well done!
4	Had lunch here yesterday for the first time and really liked the place. Food was great and atmosphere was pretty cool. Not sure if lunch and dinner have different menus but you can't beat the delicious tacos for just $7. I would imagine that in going at night time, there's a very cool vibe (1/2 the place is outside and perfect for this soon-to-be fall weather). Everything we ordered was very tasty and I would definitely go back again.
2	Slow service. Bland food, the chicken on my tacos was flavorless and very dry.  They charge for chips and salsa, never ever have I been to a Mexican restaurant that has. Never refilled my soda.  Friends margarita had literally 2 flakes of salt on the glass.  Only gave it 2 stars because they took 5 dollars off my friends steak salad because she didn't eat it, it was really that bad.
5	Came here 3x in 10 days and absolutely love this place! Food is incredible and VERY affordable! Great happy hour and daily specials. Staff is nice and knowledgable. Weekends seem busy I just with they were more busy every other day, for their sake. Much love!
5	I really like Modern Margarita. Good atmosphere, good margaritas and good food. The guacamole and salsa flight are both really tasty. They have happy hour specials which are worth checking out.
5	Excellent,excellent excellent...We always have a good time at Modern Margarita!  Last night night we had a fabulous white bean side with our skewered shrimp. Everything was good, and the staff made the experience pleasant. You can't go wrong here.
5	This place is great. For lunch, happyHour or a late night taco. Fun vibe, yummy and fresh street tacos
4	Fun place to go with friends.  The "modern margarita's were excellent.  Chips and salsa "flight" was very tasty.  Like the fact the salsa and chips are free refills.  We ordered three types of tacos--they come in "flights" of three. Loved the carne asada with chimichuri sauce, pork was excellent, shrimp not so good.  Excellent wait staff replaced the shrimp so we were very happy campers!  We plan to go again and try the award winning chicken tacos.  Highly recommend!
4	I've got to break this review down the middle. The food quality is just about average. Reasonably priced bar grub, tasty but not delish enough to satisfy the true foodie in us all.Started with the chips and salsa. Three dipping sauces. The Rojo picate was by far the best of the three. Pretty average as far as chips go. 2nd course...Carne Asada street tacos. Fairly priced and tasty, even with the corn tortilla. Good carne. For entrees we split two dishes...the shrimp salad and the Black Angus burger. Salad was average. I think they're trying too hard with this dish, trying to pull off a sweet spicy warmth but didn't quite get there. The burger was above average. Really liked the mozzarella cheese with red pepper topping. A natural combo, sure to work! Wonder why I haven't run into this before ;)The atmosphere is very relaxing, lively and warm with the inside / outside bar top and great fire pit seating. Not to mention they have like 150 sections of tequila and a little bit of Mezcal. Very nize....:)Nice joint, would recommend it for sure as a happy hour staple in anyone's monthly rotation. Cheers!
4	Modern Margarita has a lovely happy hour....here is my happy hour specific review:Patio:  great patio for groups! The area is fenced in but doesn't block the outdoor experience that is so nice in the Arizona sunshine.  Food: The happy hour menu can be found here:  http://www.modernmargarita.com/menus/ModernMargarita-HappyHour.pdfI recommend starting with the $3 chips and salsa flight or $3 beer-battered onion rings (at those prices you can't go wrong!) The veggie and steak tostadas are only $4!  I seriously make a meal out of the happy hour menu Crowd:  The crowd can be a mixed bag-- there are some sketchy cougars prepartying for Blue Martini (that place is a sh@tshow), working professionals, and locals.  Staff: our server was a total peach and didn't complain about splitting the bill.  The bartenders gave my small group free shots when we told them we were celebrating a new job!  Most importantly, the manager offered to charge my iphone!  It was much appreciated!  We will be back again very soon for happy hour!
5	I love this place!  I am a taco lover and they are amazing.  My favorites are the Carne Asada and the Pork....they also have a great skinny marg ..  I eat here at least once a week.  Very excited for the wine bar they are opening across the street in City North.
4	Good food good atmosphere good service. Liked the tacos a lot but we weren't terribly impressed with the salads and we casually mentioned it to our server who told the management who came over apologized and comp'd them even though we told him that wasn't necessary. Very positive review of the service!
4	Great patio to hang out and enjoy the Arizona cool nights. Server was very accommodating to turning up the heaters. House margarita and Rustic margarita were very good. Only negative about the drink: glass is small and full of ice. Best to go on Monday night when they are only $5.  Carna Asada and chicken tacos were good. Ladies please take note.....bathroom is for one person. If you go as a group you will have to stand outside the door. There is a "troth" for men and women to use. Very awkward. Great place for a date, casual dinner, or meeting co-workers.
4	I didn't have my expectations set very high after only seeing a 3 1/2 star average on Yelp.  But I was pleasantly surprised as the tacos were good, and the happy hour was even better.  I had the trio of shrimp tacos and our table shared some guacamole, carne asada tostadas, and steak fries.  Everything was really good, and the pacing of the food was great as well.  I definitely prefer the hole in the wall Mexican joint most of the time, but the upscale Mexican restaurant has it's place and this one is a good one.
2	Our first time here. As a party of six, we tried the taco flight, comprised of 15 tacos - 3 each of chicken, pork, fish, veggie, and carne asada. Service was slow and inconsistent for both drinks and food. The worst part - they don't give you plates with the flight! Only 15 tacos on a long serving platter. We begged for plates and ended up getting two tiny plates and three coffee cup saucers. The pork and chicken tacos were tasteless. The veggie tacos were shredded lettuce and limp mushrooms. The carne asada was good, and the fish was pretty good except the fish pieces were deep fried in a heavy batter. As for atmosphere, it was typical loud bar noise. Much less than I expected.
3	The food was pretty good but my main complaint is I felt they were trying to nickel and dime us. After buying expensive drinks we were asked if we wanted chips and salsa I figured they were complimentary due to the way the girl asked. I hadn't even looked at a menu at this point. Then before we finished the chips and salsa they brought over more saying they wanted to give us warm chips. We did t ask and we weren't out. When the bill came turns out they had been billing us the whole time. After complaining they took it off the tab but I felt this was a sham to try and rack up the bill.
5	We loved this place. Street tacos were so yummy and the atmosphere was great. Service was fast and friendly as well. The salsa was a little too spicy but that's about it!
5	my husband and i love coming here, even with our 18 month old son. we get the flight of tacos and even the baby has some! the food is always on point and the service is very good. we have been here multiple times for "date night" and always leave happy.
4	The skinny... the street tacos are AMAZING and the bartenders are very friendly and attentive. Great happy hour for a quick stop in the afternoon!  Love Love Love the atmosphere. Open air.  Not your usual Mexican restaurant.  Tequila with a twist! We enjoy the experience and will always come back.
5	Love this spot, one of my favs for fun margaritas and light bites. Bartenders are awesome and always take great care of us.
3	Carne asada tacos, that's all I have to say!  The best!  And love their skinny margaritas.   So fresh and perfectly made.  Service was decent but nothing to rave about hence the 3 stars vs 4.  Good little place for some tacos and drinks.
2	Drinks were pre made and service was very very impersonal. Needed help. Bartenders usually make the atmosphere and this one sure did... nobody mingled!
5	Great spot for a casual dinner.  We were lucky to be there for $5 Monday margaritas and they were great.  Had pork and shrimp tacos for dinner as well as the chips and salsa. Both were delicious!  The wait staff was super friendly and attentive.  Nice place to sit outside to dine and enjoy the weather.  Will definitely return!!
5	Love everything about this place. Food, drinks, atmosphere and a great happy hour is a plus! Yum :)
1	"You crazy kids turn that music down!" While I am not even close to the age of my Grandmother, I certainly felt like one Saturday night. The music was very loud and I could not hear anything that anyone at my table said. Also, I waited 20 minutes between each drink order. I do not mind waiting for food, which took almost an hour to arrive. Cause, guess what, I wasn't really there for the food. I do, however, take issue with having to wait for drinks. It is a Saturday night and I am ready to party. Not sit at a table saying, "What did you say?" and growing more and more impatient. I will not be returning.
3	Super slow service for lunch, patio lame, looking at concrete and traffic,  much nicer patios in the area, carne asada tacos were good, Katie the bartender was excellent. Overall, an average experience.
4	Great  place to hang out and have some drinks the appetizer are amazing the chicken and steak skewers are out of this world and me and my husband also loved the tacos the Green dip sauce is crazy good we could just drink it Been back about a  4 times in about  2 months also there on groupon you can't beat the deal that's a plus to go back also    But the music can be a bit loud I don't mind the music but when you can't hear your self talk,  service can be a bit better but overall nicer
3	Incredibly slow service on multiple visits.  Prices and overall value are quite good on happy hour, though not so great during regular hours.  Early when this place first opened I enjoyed the really hot salsa/sauce and it was served in the standard salsa container, but now it has been switched to a little spoon sized serving.  You'd think that either the price ought to go up for a decent portion or the little spoon size ought to be a complimentary condiment.  Tequila selection is substantial and the happy hour tequila was actually a decent tequila.  This is a notable plus because many places with upscale spirits tend to offer garbage for the happy hour drink specials.Fair amount of eye candy too, female wise, for those that care.
5	Came here for lunch with my aunt and cousin. We shared to mahi mahi and veggie tacos they were great! I love the salsa trio as well. We also had the prickly pear margaritas which were great tasting and pretty strong. Definitely don't want more than one during lunch. The waitress even found a hair clip for my aunt who just wanted her hair out of her face. Great service and great food!
1	I used to like this place but poorly managed and incompetent wait staff. I will never come back.
5	This restaurant has a love/hate relationship with its yelpers....wasn't sure what to expect....so we headed over with our Groupon in hand and....I loved it! It's located in City North....a quiet ghost town/pseudo city scape, dotted with a handful of trendy bars and interesting restaurants...When you walk into Modern Margarita, you feel like you're walking right into the patio. There isn't a bad seat in the house. Huge double sided bar is about 40% of the seating, then a few tables inside and the rest outside. Great atmosphere on a Saturday afternoon, beautiful weather to be sitting outside...music wasn't loud at all...opposed to what I have read elsewhere, may have been time of day. Service wasn't outstanding, but it was consistent and pretty good. Started off with a Sonora Margarita...pretty strong, and my husband had a pomegranate cosmo, which I liked better...very refreshing.We ordered the salsa trio and chips, free refills :) and an order of guac, which was yum! I really liked the green salsa and fresh pico de gallo...wasn't thrilled with the red salsa, had a lot of cumin, which I'm not a fan of. For lunch I had the steak street tacos on flour tortillas which I really liked. Well marinated and tender steak with slices of avocado. Came with three street tacos which was plenty. My husband had the chili burger with cheese and garlic fries. He said it was really good, and the beef was very tasty. He especially enjoyed the garlic fries.The prices weren't that bad. I thought for the nice relaxed atmosphere, good food and service, the prices were spot on. The serving sizes aren't huge, but they are definitely sufficient to fill you up.I enjoyed my lunch, really liked the atmosphere....next time we might try sitting at the bar for a different experience. Nice place, we'll be back!
3	Giving this 3 stars for the service. Bartender Derek was fsntastic. Steak skewers were bland and dry, steak tosdadas were all salad with miniscule pieces of the bland dry steak. Margaritas are yummy and the salsa Verde is awesome. Lovely atmosphere, music a bit too loud. I would come back for drinks and salsa. Onion rings and steak fries very good especially the spiked catsup.
2	Spend time there several times, even bought some Groupons, but lately the wait staff is not very attentive. You have to ask for refills and no name introduction or real eye contact. Drinks are good...Chris the bartender is the exception as he actually talks to you and makes great drinks.
3	Finally checked this place out.....we met some friends there for dinner on a Saturday night. It was pleasantly busy and we had a nice table on the patio. Service was good, waitress was nice and friendly. Drinks were average...I had a couple skinny margs and they tasted pretty watered down, nothing special. Great tequila list and the pricing for tequila and food in general was very fair. The tacos were good....but just like everything trendy, STOP putting so much crap on tacos! Simple and tasty ingredients is all you need to maintain the integrity of the taco. It's meant to be a simple dish....that was really my only complaint.
5	I saw this on yelp a little while ago, and said why not try it today? Well, I'm glad I did. My girlfriend and I got to restaurant and it was very nice and open. We were greeted in a nice and friendly manner and ordered our food. It was a slower day because our food came out really quick. That's not a bad thing. I had the pork tacos and she had the carne Asada tacos. All we could say was WOW! Those are really good tacos! And I mean really good! The carne Asada tacos were really good! We had like three plates of them. Also it was taco Tuesday:) long story short, if you do go, go on Tuesday for the tacos:)
2	First time here...under whelmed. Ordered (took a long time..no one was in the place) Steak tostados...three tiny tortilla the size of a silver dollar...$7...rip off. Ordered Carne Asada street tacos...served ice cold...had to be remade. The manager made it right..chomped the cold food...I'll try this place again....to be fair...
4	We used a Groupon to try this place. We ordered the street Tacos so we could get to try all the different Taocs. They brought out the taco on a long wooden board which was a cool idea. I really liked every single one of them. It would be hard to pick one that stood out more than the other. Lots of great specials everyday. Happy Hour is a good deal. Just keep in mind that if you order a Margarita during Happy Hour you don't get the HH pricing if you're using a Groupon. :( I would definitely go back again.
5	Wow! Great food at great prices. We caught some of the happy hour specials and ordered steak skewers, steak fries and guacamole with chips. We also, on the recommendation of our server ordered two yummy margaritas. Despite being super busy we were seated immediately and felt well taken care of by our server. He was attentive and friendly. After our apps we ordered tier pork and fish tacos- YUM! We will definitely be back.
4	Modern Margarita is a really good spot for anyone that works around City North or the Desert Ridge areaThey have really good salsa, guacamole and tacos- you can get a sampler platter with like 16 tacos if you cant decide which you want to try. They also have a really good drink selection for those tough days on the job. 1 knock I have on them is their slow service- which is due to their small kitchen. Other than that I would recommend this place to anyone that likes good tacos!
5	Great friendly place to meet people. Really Happening! Super Happy Hour!
4	Great spot with nice selection of tequilas.  Monster taco item on menu lets you sample every kind they have.Nice patio, friendly staff.  Will definitely return.
3	Last night, I enjoyed a fun evening at modern margarita.  When we arrived, there was a 30-40 minute wait for a table so we put our name down and proceeded to sit outside on their patio while waiting. It was happy hour and the rustic margarita I had was great. We were called to our booth and our waiter took really good care of us. Unfortunately, the kitchen seemed to be really backed up because it took our food forever to come out. After all the wait, the food was just ok: the shrimp salad had a great dressing, but the shrimp themselves were really overcooked and dried out and the grilled fish on my fish tacos were also overcooked. The drinks were great, our server was friendly, but the food was lackluster. I would suggest this place to go for happy hour and enjoy their drinks and lively atmosphere.
5	I love this restaurant! What a great place to have good modern Mexican food and drinks. The staff is so friendly and great, especially the manager Brian. I come back here every chance I get and its amazing every time!
3	Food is good. Great pulled pork and guac. The Margs are NOT modern, and use the same sweet and sour they use in Minnesota. The service is habitually slow and unattentive. Definitely go to get some beers and tacos. Just don't be in a hurry.
4	Great street tacos & salsa. Had the broiled fish and the shrimp, were fantastic.  Margarita was perfect.  Flan was overcooked, but they topped it with Avion expresso whipped cream and it was unbelievable.  I wouldn't order the flan again though. Servers are always very nice and helpful.
4	I come for the carne asada tacos, endulge in the plethora of margarita flavors (hefe... Do you know what the word "plethora" means?) and if that wasn't enough I typically find myself googly-eying any one of the north scottsdale cougars that frequent city north!  Gotta stop typing my food just showed up and it's becoming really tough to writefghhhvvddrgvb
4	I love coming to this place! I live really close and when this place first opened I had to check it out because I was attracted by their whole set up. I usually come here to have a few drinks with some friends at the bar when we want to just sit and talk somewhere not to crowded.Music is good and so is the food! All the times I been here it was great service and I'll definitely keep coming back
3	Great margaritas & food!!! No heartburn with these Margs thanx to fresh squeezed sweet n sour mix. The steak skewers & carne asada tacos are Tote delish!!!! 3 star only because service at tables is hit n miss... Service at the BAR is always EXCEPTIONAL, quick & friendly so if you are on a time schedule I recommend sitting there. But, I am not in a hurry so I will sit back relax & enjoy:)
2	This is a fun, LOUD place that can be a great place for a weekend out and I used to recommend it to all my friends.  This week, however, they presented a "new exciting menu" that changed nothing except adding higher prices!  My favorite, the "Taco Flight" offers a plate of 15 little street tacos (enough for 4 small eaters) is now up to $39!  My prediction is that like soooo many other places, this current "place to be seen" will be out of business in a year or so!!!  Too bad!
5	Food was great, margaritas were excellent, and the atmosphere on the patio was amazing.  Laid back, casual, and a lot of fun.
4	I've been going to Modern on and off for the last four months on my way to and from Cave Creek; and their staff has made sure that myself and anyone I have been accompanied by, have been completely taken care of every time! So I have no complaints as far a service. However I'm not great with names so forgive me, this is the only complaint I really have; but the female manager could lay off flirting with patrons, it was a little much last time. We came in with a groupon and our server had to basically pull her away and wait. Not the worst thing that could ever happen but the wait was annoying and I've noticed it before. The food is pretty excellent considering it's focal point is it's tequila selection and house margaritas. Try the tacos! Yes, we all know the music is often loud but it's really not that bad so I'm going to leave that one alone. I haven't tried La Bocca across the street yet but my coworker was saying it's excellent and I believe him. Whomever is pulling the strings for these bars and those on Mill Ave in Tempe are doing an excellent job trying something different. Hope to see more concepts in the future and continue enjoying them!
3	We tried Modern Margarita on a weeknight and didn't read the reviews beforehand, but as many previous commenters have noted, it was So Loud! The music was way too loud for a restaurant. It wasn't a Saturday night at a club!Besides the music, we had a pretty decent experience. The margaritas were good. We ordered a salsa flight, which was ok but it really seems they should offer complimentary chips and salsa. Alas, we had to pay for mediocre salsa and they were small portions so we had to pay again when we requested more. We ordered tacos and a salad and both were decent. I'm not sure this will become a regular place for us but we'll likely try it at least once more before we write it off totally. In the meantime, turn down that music!
5	It's awesome! We just discovered it couple of weeks ago and we keep coming back to it. The chips & salsa flight is awesome, especially the chipotle salsa. The Rustic Margarita is my fav and the tacos are all absolutely delish!
2	Only went to this place because of the Groupon. Service was okay. Food was alright. Didn't try any alcohol drinks. Won't be going back.House salsa - Not great. Like marinara meets salsa. Appealing because it's almost there, but disappointing overall.Queso - Disgusting. Was more like cheese dip for pretzels.Carne asada tacos - Pretty good. I got the corn tortillas and would have preferred two per taco in order to avoid them breaking and spilling. Also, limes would be nice. Overall, flavor was great, but was more like a cross between machaca and carne asada.Beans and rice - They were alright. Nothing special.Fish Tacos - Not good. Fish was extremely dry. There was a tastey sauce, but not enough to fully enjoy it with the other flavors. Again, no limes.Iced tea was great :)
4	Loved this place, lots of comments on the volume if the music but I thought it was fine.  We ordered the guacamole chips, mahi tacos, and carne asada, all of which were excellent.  Will definitely be back here again.
5	Best mango jalapeno margaritas in town! Love this place! :)
4	So Went to Modern Margarita twice in the past week mostly highs with one big drawback.  Here is the way I see it.  I defintly will be back because the tacos and margaritas are outstanding.  The carne asada tacos is incredible and the ghost pepper sauce is just wonderful.  My compliments to the chef on a job well done. A few things I recommend though however.Granted I get it, it has been 115 degrees outside Fix the Darn Air Conditioning or discount the bill,  Do Not EVER tell a customer well you can go sit outside under the misters.  When its 115 outside and your ac is not working correctly do you really think the customer wants to sit outside in the humid heat either.  Your a female manager learn some Customer Service skills that is not how you take care of your guests.   Pick up a phone and call HVAC repairman, dont make customers suffer, it hurts your bottom dollar when you do.  The only thing I reccomend about the food is that there is more of it and more of a variety.  Maybe like a combo platter of tacos during lunch 1 shrimp, 1 chicken, 1 pork and 1 carne asada.  Sometimes I bring people in and they want to see which they like best.  Instead of ordering mutiple orders you guys should look into that.  If it had not been for the AC being down on our visit for a business lunch I would have given 5 stars.
4	The husband and I went to Modern Marg for a pre event happy hour. The bar itself is comfortable, with big cushy bar stools. The bartender was friendly and efficient, though his descriptions of the drinks were a little lacking (I asked which of the happy hour margs he would personally get and he replied ' uh, if you want agave nectar get this one... etc, not answering the question, just naming the ingredients, which I already knew). I had the Modern Margarita, which really tasted like tequila on ice. This was ok, especially for only 5$, but not the tastiest marg by any means. The husband had the Victoria beer on tap. The bartender was enthusiastic about this beer, so that was nice, and with good reason, because it was exceptional. We also had the salsa flight, which was very good and satisfying. The smoky salsa was tasty, almost like a bbq salsa, but the best of the three was the pico, which was just the right amount of spicy for a pico and tasted very fresh. The tomatillo salsa was lacking, not amazing. The salsas came with the largest basket of chips I have seen in a long time. We felt like we ate a full bag of chips, and the basket was still half full (yes, I am an optimist). This place is way out of my usual 'hood, so clearly it isn't a place I would frequent, but if they are in your 'hood, I would check them out for happy hour.
5	Super Selection of #Margaritas! Had the crushed strawberry and blueberry marg. First sip~ straight to my head. Get a DD like me and you are good to go. Servers are friendly and helpful when it comes to waiting on you and providing recommendations. I had a Groupon and my bill was soooo much less than I expected! $25 bucks~ salsa, queso, 2 margaritas, the fish and carne asada taco platters, with a  side of the Mexican sour cream! YUM! Atmosphere~ has an L.A. Vibe~ casual yet trendy. Make it happen and try it out!
2	So our server was awesome. Told us the straight story(won't mention the name). Sucks to order tacos. They come three to a plate and you must get all three the same. Asked for the manager...states that they can't do it any other way because it would back up the kitchen. WHAT?????  Need new kitchen staff. You can get three different tacos if you order the taco flight however you get 15 tacos!!!  That's great here with your baseball team!!!!  Lol what a joke. Server told us if you get the right manager you can get what you want. Where is the consistency?  Not impressed.Food was 2 stars at best....Over salted.
5	My husband and I love this place. The tacos are delicious!! My favorite are the shrimp tacos. My husband can't get enough of the Cucumber Serrano Margarita, which is pretty tasty. Adrienne is an awesome server! She's on top of things and always knows when we're ready for another round. We'll def continue to be repeat customers!
5	As a Girls Night Out favorite spot, I decided that it was time to write a review.  We (us girls) LOVE, LOVE this place.  The food, especially the tacos are the best and don't get me started on their margaritas.  I have tried ALL of them and they are my new favorite place for margaritas.  I tend to be very picky with margaritas, Modern Margarita has several on their menu that really please me.  I highly recommend this place as an ANYTIME place. We were there last weekend with my kids and they loved the fact the the chips and salsa were free. They offer a good selection for the kids as well, please note that we wouldn't have gone there if they weren't kid friendly.  Again, my 3 boys would HIGHly recommend this restaurant!
5	Great margaritas & food!!! No heartburn with these Margs thanx to fresh squeezed sweet n sour mix. The steak skewers & carne asada tacos are Tote delish!!!! service at tables is hit n miss... Service at the BAR is always EXCEPTIONAL, quick & friendly so if you are on a time schedule I recommend sitting there. But, I am not in a hurry so I will sit back relax & enjoy:)
4	This is my fourth time here I'm extremely happy with the food buy however every time service is severely lacking. This time checked out the bathroom, I had my little niece with me and I was very upset with the setup. No changing table, unacceptable and then the soap is in tacky cheap squeeze bottles. This is a nice place in a nice area and can't have a decent soap dispenser is ridiculous. Add a changing table, real soap dispenser and more attentive staff/faster did delivery and you will be a 5 star easily. The food is so good that is what keeps me coming back. Grilled fish tacos amazing actually they are all good except the chicken tacos which is weird cause I love chicken everything. Green chili burger and Angus burger yum. If you are getting chips and salsa get the salsa flight, trust me. Pass on the garlic fries. Warning ketchup is spicy. Love their Moscow mules, they are served in Cooper mugs. Be prepared to surrender an ID for the copper mug.
2	One star for the chips, one star for the ambiance...that's it! Met some friends here for dinner after hearing about how great this place was. Totally disappointed with my margarita and my food. Margarita tasted like sugar water with tequila. Ordered chicken tacos, beans and rice. Chicken looked and tasted like dark meat. Not impressed. Like I mentioned, the chips were pretty good. My advice:Spend about $10 more and get a meal 100 times better at The Mission.
3	I have been here three times now and I do agree- the tacos are tasty. The pork with pineapple are my favs. The guacamole is good but there is definitely better around town. My one main issue is the service. No one checks back to see if you are enjoying your meal or if you want anything else. They just seem to care about turning over your seat.  It is a tiny cramped spot but a little better service would make me want to go more. HH specials are good which has kept us going back but this last time was the absolute worst service so I doubt we will return.
5	Went for happy hour at the bar and tried the house Margarita that was very good for the price. Food was also very good and plenty offered on the happy hour menu.
4	Had the carna asada tacos, very good...liked the rice and beans as well.  Services was pleasant.  Have to agree on the ambience, not really impressive inside.  Also, I think the menu could offer more, especially more Mexican items.
5	I was in love with Canteen Modern Tequila Bar on Mill Ave. When Julian decided to close her down I was sad at first. I heard that he was taking the concept to the next level and Modern Margarita was born. It has all the class and sass of the concept with cleaner lines, a less students and a whole lot more class. The Food is great, I'm in love with the Trio of Sala's, and warm fried chips. The Pipil Tacos were super tasty, with just the right flavor pineapple and chipotle slaw. So Good! If you looking for one of the best Tequila Selections in town, mixed with the some of the best Vibes around. Check out The Modern Margarita.
3	I purchased two Groupons for this place and had two pretty different experiences. The first time, my boyfriend and I ordered two types of tacos on flour tortillas, chicken and grilled fish. They were both just ok, and seemed rather bland. We also each had a couple margaritas. They weren't bad tasting, but the problem is that they are served in a rather small 12oz glass and MORE than half of the drink is ice. I like ice, but when you're paying $8-12 for a drink that is mostly ice, that is really not cool. Good thing this meal was essentially half price with the Groupon! The server was fine, but not outstanding.Our second visit was last night, and was pretty frickin' great (but NOT because of the drinks). We had a different server this time, who enthusiastically greeted us and claimed "everything's awesome here". "We shall see.", I thought to myself. I had the Blueberry Smash margarita ($10) and the b/f had The Clooney margarita ($12). Both tasted fine, but again, there is really not much to them. At that price, it should be much, much bigger. I drank mine so fast, the server made a joke about how much I liked it. Yes, I liked all six sips of it! Hahaha... Anyway... the food really wowed us this time. We got the chicken tacos and nachos with carne asada. The tacos were MUCH better this time and in addition to the cabbage, had tomato and corn, which I'm pretty sure was forgotten somehow the first time. Very tasty. I don't think it's worth the $11 price tag, but the $7 happy hour price is reasonable. By far, the best thing we had was the nachos. HUGE portion, the chips were house made and delicious, plenty of tender carne asada, tomato and Mexican crema. The cheese sauce they use though... is to die for. I kinda hate that phrase "to die for", but it really was. I asked the server if it was house made and had beer in it. He confirmed that it was and did have beer in the recipe. There wasn't a whole lot of it on the top portion, but down into the nachos there was a good amount. It was kind of like rediscovering the nachos, since most of the time, the top is the most coveted part. These nachos are the main reason we're sure to return (at happy hour, so we can get some chicken tacos as well). We're probably going to skip on the margs though unfortunately.
4	Surprisingly good food, rice and beans alone were very tasty, flavored just perfect.  The drinks were good, and it was a nice atmosphere.I sat at the bar, and the bartender made a good waiter, but I couldn't say anything about their service.  Also I went in when a very few people were dining, so it was a mellow experience for me.
4	Good food and nice patio.  And they are great with kids! Very relaxing with a great fire table!
4	Cute and quaint mexican restaurant. Very upscale and modern in a new development close to the JW resort. Prices were great, bean dip delicious and tasty food. Tacos and steak tostada were my fav! Delicious home made chips and spectacular decor.If I was lived around here, I would be back for more. Very sweet staff, manager on hand asking how everything was .  Most importantly, I thought the price was right!
5	Had dinner and drinks here on Friday night while visiting Phoenix for the weekend. Our server was great at recommending an easy tequila shot. The tacos we had (grilled mahi mahi and shrimp versions) were delicious - along with our appetizer of guacamole! We also had to drink: Paloma and Blueberry Smash. Can say that every one of our items was awesome!
2	Be sure to look at your bill. I have eaten here 3 times and had a poor experience each time. I will not be back. This last time, I saw that it was Happy Hour and asked, "Is it Happy Hour". The bartender said, " Yes it is.""Premium Wells are $4," I said. "Do you have cherry vodka.""Yes" "I'll have a cherry vodka and Sprite."When the bill came, my drink was $7. The bartender said that Sky Cherry Vodka is not a "premium well". You do the math on that one. I'll just stay away from Modern Margarita.P.S. You should not expect substitutions or dietary restrictions to be fulfilled. I think the wait staff forgets their own name when they walk away from your table.
4	Went for lunch mid-week with a good friend. We thought the open patio/dining would be great for a sunny day snack., drink and 'catching-up',Food was good, the tacos(we had an assortment of all)were delicious,had flour & corn tortillas- tasty! Salsas were also fab. Only downside to the experience was the sudden appearance of flies when the food arrived- & we were inside the restaurant.- being an open-air setting, it was understandable, just annoying.Be sure to notice that the sink for the restroom is a communal one, you pass by it before you get to the restroom doors!
4	Good spot to chill and get okay quasi Mexican food. I've never had bad service either.
5	We've been going to this place for a while now and food and vibe is nice. We started ordering the Surf And Turf. You get All types of ingredients that go in your taco and you build it yourself. You get about 8 shrimp pieces and lots of carne asada.
4	Family went with a groupon deal and we were all very satisfied and plan on returning. Got the taco flight, which gives you five different kinds of tacos, three of each. It seemed like each one was better than the last. My personal favorites were the chicken and the carne asada. The pico de gallo and guacamole was excellent as well. Tried a blueberry "craft" margarita, also pretty good. Bunch of options for margaritas as far as flavors and tequila options. Overall great visit!
4	I always go here for before dinner drinks. The atmosphere is great and the staff is super friendly. The food is awesome too. I love the salsa.
4	Come here strictly for the margaritas and tacos. YUM! Gets pretty packed here on their busier nights so be prepared to wait a little for your table (or a seat at the bar). Service is good and food is consistent. When you're done head across the street to Blue Martini for additional drinks and dancing!
