3	I love ESPN Zone, but the one in Vegas bugs.  It is way over crowded and hard to even find a bar stool to watch a game.  I'd recommened any other ESPN Zone but this one.  If you wanna watch sports and drink.  You can do that anywhere in Vegas.  But still, I love ESPN and will wait for a table here.  Unlike others, I like the food.  Love that Cheesesteak
4	A great place to grab a burger with the boyz while watching the game of the week on their plasma TV's hanging all over the place.  If there's just a few of you, get a booth to eat at and get your very own little touchscreen TV!  (NICE TOUCH but not HD) Still cool though and would love to have something like that at home!Recommendations: ESPN Burger
3	I'm not a big sports fan.  In fact, I'm not a sports fan (I watch for cheerleaders, car crashes when my wife isn't around).  We had a group dinner here, but our reservations got messed up and our group of 13 was going to be put at two separate tables.  After some protracted negotiation, we were put in a small glassed off room.From then on, it was a good experience.  The food menu was largely burgers (and some of the best buffalo wings I have had in a long time) and large beers (24 ouncers).Afterwards, we headed upstairs to the gaming zone, an area with sports-ish video games.  It was a little weird playing video games iwth co-workers, but we had a blast on the different driving games.If sports on TV is your thing, this is your place.  Otherwise, its just another okay restaurant with lots of TVs on the multiple ESPN stations.
4	So, where do you go when your group is playing Fantasy Football and your in Vegas? You go to the ESPN Zone. We've hung out here on our last two trips to Vegas during football season. We've never had any problem getting a seat in the bar area or a table in the restaurant. We've also always been able to find a seat upstairs in the game room area.I too like the food here. Yummo! It's typical sports bar type faire. Love the appetizers, they are good and the portions are fair for sharing with your group. The service has always been good when we've been here. I didn't get to test out any drinks the last time I was here due to being knocked up, but the time before, they made some killer Lemon Drops and Kamikazies!!  They were pretty generous with the alcoholic portion of the drinks.Love the little gift shop here...the kiddos always get a t-shirt about watching sports with Daddy.
4	I have been to several ESPN Zones and this one is probably my least favorite of them all, but hell, any restaurant here in Vegas themed after the greatest television station ever is gonna be great in my book. One of the greatest places to watch the game...any game. What ever sport you are in the mood to watch, they always have on one of their hundreds of televisions. You have to sit in the bar....bartenders here are great and always keep my beer full.The food here won't be one of the most creative culinary experiences you will have but hey....it's a sports bar. I always go for the Ultimate Tailgate appetizer (Spin-Dip, Buffalo/BBQ wings, chicken tenders, onion rings, ribs, sliders). It's pretty much a heart-attack on a plate but it's damn good. And who could forget my favorite soup....The Beer Cheese Soup!! A creamy cheddar cheese soup that is made with Sam Adams and garnished with popcorn....YUM!!+1 star for the fact that it is right next to the sports book!! I love that I can literally take 5 steps outside and make it in enough time to place my half-time bet.-1 star for not having a restroom inside the restaurant and making me go out to the casino. They should take a few notes from ESPN Zone in Anaheim....one of the highlights of that place is going to restroom. A plasma t.v. placed above every stall on the ceiling....they know sports fans can't miss a minute of the game even when they need to relieve themselves from all the beer they have had!!
4	If you are a sports fan and in Vegas, you need to stop in and eat at the ESPN Zone.  Fun atmosphere and pretty good food too.  (Disclaimer- I hadn't eaten all day so that Hamburger was one of the best I'd had in recent memory)  Maybe not as good as other ESPN Zones, but still worth the visit.
3	It was good........we were all hungry after hanging at the pool all day so we wanted a quick bite to eat.....the nachos came out fast but the rest took a little while.I had the chicken tenders salad which made me wonder why didn't i just order the chicken tenders ha!At least the boys had a good view of the TV :)
4	Been to a few ESPN Zones, and this has the best service of them all. This place is great if a sports fan, and you want to get your drink on and some pretty good food.
4	FAQQ: How can you go wrong with this place?A: You really can't. Delicious burgers. Televisions all over the place playing the "big game" and delicious burgers. Did I mention burgers? God, I love burgers.Q: Isn't it a tad pricey?A: Y'know, it's actually not *that* bad considering you're in Vegas. Sure, you can pop over to O'Shea's for a Dollar O'Hotdog but that's waaaaay far away if you're already down at New York New York.Q: It's a bit smaller than I thought!A: That's not a question but I agree. It was certainly smaller than the ESPN Zone at Downtown Disney in Anaheim, CA.FYI ... This is a great spot to stop by for a quick bite during your quick trip into Las Vegas to see U2 and it'll fill you up long enough to not want anymore food when you have to turn around and drive back to San Diego the same night.
3	Since the area I live in does not have an ESPN Zone and I am a Sports Fanatic, I try to go to the ESPN Zones that are in the cities I visit.  Anyhow, it's a decent place but it doesn't blow me away.  Your standard Sports Pub food but it just doesn't have that little extra something to make me go WOW....
3	Don't eat here. It's definitely pricey and the food wasn't very tasty. It wasn't horrible but for the same price you can go to a hotel buffet and eat better. It is a cool place to watch sports and drink a beer, although that's not cheap either. Really its a tourist trap...a friend warned me. Cool thing, TVs in the restroom so you don't miss a minute of the game. Oh, the bartenders were pretty cool. Beer selection is pretty decent too. Just don't order any food.
3	The food was surprisingly tastier than I thought it would be. Yes everything is a few bucks more than it would be if it was not ESPN Zone in Vegas. But my barbecue chicken sandwich was flavorful and generously portioned. The french fries were good. We had a good view of the Wall o' TV Screens and the service was friendly. I have pretty low standards for sports bars in general and this place was more than adequate for the sports-loving diner.
2	So I'm throwing up an extra star because the place was inexpensive.  I mean, $21 for a sirloin steak?!  Count me in!Unfortunately my friends, count me back out.  I don't know what kind of meat they use, but this thing was tough and resembled rope.  Seriously, you're ESPN and you can't cook a good steak?  C'mon I know you're on the Strip, but you can't mail it in like this.  Service sucked as well.  I asked for A1, got a bottle with not much left (and trust me that steak needed it a lot!).  Steak was served but I had to ask for a fork to eat it.  The staff are second rate and are tired.  I guess if I couldn't get a job at one of the big money places in Vegas, I'd be a bit bitter as well.Save your money and go to prime rib buffet.
3	They have TV's on the table so you can watch the game or whatever other sport is on.  We went on a hot summer day and the waiter knew everything about the big game Tiger Woods was playing in at the time.  My beer was sooo refreshing it was gone the moment its icy cold goodness hit our table.  The food was served in a timely manner and were generous portions.  My friend and I split pasta and something else...and had enough left over for a midnight snack after a drunk, fun, dance night @ Pure.  They have a game room upstairs where you can play mini bowling and a bunch of other classics :D fun times.  I recommend -- it's reasonably priced, located on the Strip near NYNY, and good food to cushion your tummy for a night of drinking and partying :)
1	Went with a big group, about 45 people, on a Sunday night about 8pm.  When we were seated they told us that 75% of the menu was "86'd".  They were out of steaks, pastas, pesto dishes, fish, and most sauces.  I have never experienced a night like this.  I will never eat at this place again.
5	Man, this place is way too expensive, but isn't everything in Vegas?The atmosphere is fantastic and I don't even like sports, but man, having your own personal tv at the table rocks...I'd just like to see one of the poker events televised on ESPN next time I go in, then I'd be set.I had their humungo combo appetizer thing and man, it was huge and tasty and when you're hot, dehydrated and slightly drunk, their water rocks...hah.Eat here, just be willing to spend a little...if you're not willing to splurge then next time just hold off on your vacation to Vegas til you ARE ready to splurge...
3	K, So this place gets a review because they served me Alcohol prior to my 21st (but don't tell them that)!  Chili cheese fries were delicious but then again maybe I was just wasted and munchin!  Last time we were there they basically closed the place on us.  People seem stressed and pissed off they're working there... Not a necessary stop for your Vegas trip!
1	Went during march madness. Skip it, took 15 minutes to get a beer, in the bar!Took 45 mins to get some bad sliders, and another 15 to get ketchup for my fries.Skip it, go down to the Steiner's south of the strip, have better food, more beer, and spend less (even with the cab ride).
5	I miss the ESPN Zone in Vegas....... But I get to go back soon....I have so many great memories from this place, most of which can't be published here. It is safe to say that I've been here many times, with all groups of friends, and had a blast every single time. This place has so many things going for it.The bartenders are great - lots of fun.It's inside NYNY, my favorite casino.You can place bets 20 feet outside the front doors.A million different TV's.Yeah, the food isn't that great. Yeah, the beer selection leaves something to be desired. Yeah, it's a chain (and a bad one at that). But that's not why one goes here.One goes here because it's the ESPN Zone inside of NYNY Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, NV.
3	Have been here a couple of times (one was in my pre-Yelp life), and both times were for a "Last Supper" before hitting the airport to head home.  It's nice to have tons of sports TV-viewing options, but their menu is a wee bit lacking.  I guess this is a place to go for more of the "whole package".My visit there yesterday was "ho-hum".
5	I was in heaven!!!!!!!I kid you not, it felt like I shed a tear when I walked in.  There was over 100 TV's all around the restaurant.  There wasn't a seat where you couldn't see a game. The menu is not the greatest in the world, but it's a sports bar, there shouldn't be much to ask but burgers, wings and beer. You shouldn't ask for more than that.  Their portions are decent size.Beware of the Nachos cause even though they say they are appetizers on the menu, they are bigger than your head.  I can't wait to go back there and watch a  Raider game....yes you heard me right a Raider game.
2	Food was pretty mediocre and the service was pretty terrible. There are some big freaking tvs, but other than that it's pretty underwhelming.
4	I am in Vegas for work and am getting tired eating alone so since ESPN Zone is next to my hotel, I went to try it out. I love sports and was happy to see many TVs fearuring many different sports games that were going on. I sat at the bar and had a tall draft and the black and blue burger. They just changed the keg so my beer was perfect. The food was really good too. I aS pleasantly surprised!  With the sandwich you got to choose your side so that was nice since I am cutting back on fries!  Overall the experience was great and I'd go back.
2	ESPN Zone has cool concept. Eat while watching your favorite sports teams. We came here last week to watch the Warriors game. My cousin's 4 year old son Loves the warriors. He can sit through a whole game and knows most of the players. I think its pretty amazing. So after leaving him in this kids place most of the day we thought he would enjoy ESPN Zone for dinner. The food was actually not bad. But nothing spectacular. I usually list everything off but I'm not going to b/c that's all you really need to know. It's bar food. The service actually is not good. The waiter even gave my mother attitude when she asked him about a drink. He might not have heard her b/c the place is loud but attitude was not necessary. The TV at the table was pretty cool. They have all these different feeds and you can chose what you want to watch. We were however having some volume issues. All we could hear was the booth's next to us feed. And yes, I did try to raise the volume using the touch pad tv screen. It wasn't working.
5	This place is the reason I live in Las Vegas. As a MVP Club member I am afforded special priviliges so this is my Sports Bar of choice.As all those before me have already written. The beer is cold, the food is hot,service is fast & friendly and it's like you are on the set @ ESPN with TV's everywhere with every game in the world on at the same time.A great place to make a great impression for a business meeting.
2	Well, I went here with my mom, who is a huge sports enthusiast, so she really enjoyed it.  There were a ton of TVs and pretty much all the seats have a birdseye view of at least 10 of them, so it was all good.  We went kind of early in the day so there weren't many people dining, and for this reason you would think we'd have our food lickety-split.  Not so.  We waited quite a while for chicken tenders and a burger, i believe, and they weren't even that good when they arrived.  i did have a nice potent margarita to get the day going right, but overall food and beverage-wise i was kind of expecting more.  service was also somewhat lacking, despite it being early like i said.  and i felt strange entering the joint, since when we arrived i guess we interrupted some flirtatious he-ing and she-ing between several employees - so they just gave us these weird blank stares when we asked to be seated.  "Uh, you are open, aren't you?"......    Anyway, we happened to be there during the 08 summer Olympics and you would think some of those events would have been playing on the TVs, but again, not so.  They did have like 2 TVs on Olympic footage and the rest on baseball and other miscellany.  Now don't get me wrong, I like baseball, but its the freakin Olympics!  I was annoyed.  AND to top it off, the main reason mom was able to lure me there in the first place is they offer free Wi-Fi.  I however was not able to get this wi-fi to work, I don't know if it was due to some configuration or firewall on my laptop or what.  But the directions they give to access it were not helpful, nor were any of the employees who acted like they didn't know what an internet was, so be forewarned.  I lugged my 17in Vaio all the way from Paris (the hotel, not the city.  LOL) and was not particularly pleased when it turned out to be useless and had to be carried BACK to the hotel.
3	ESPN Zone is what it is; typical American bar food in the vein of TGI Friday's and Chili's.  I had chicken tenders to start, which were served with delicious honey mustard.  For my meal, I had some sort of BBQ burger, which was pretty tasty, and quite sizable.  Their beer selection is admirable, and the whole thing's wrapped up in a completely over-the-top sports bar, which is exactly what we were looking for; giant plasma screens abound, featuring all manner of sports programming.  Great place to grab a casual meal, or have a few beers and apps and catch up on what's going on in the sports world.
3	A great place to watch the games (there doing football season), but the food is average and expensive and you have to spend $10 per hour to keep your seat - at least during football season. They even seat you by what game you want to watch, or at least try too....not a bad place to try once to enjoy a game and a meal.
4	We went here and the burgers are some of the best I've had... bit expensive but REALLY REALLY Good.  I had the one with BBQ Sauce and Bacon.
4	I love coming here when I am at NY NY or even in Vegas. This is a more fun version of TGI Fridays, with lots of TV screens. I love the crowd here and the atmosphere. Its a great venue to go when you're watching a game with your friends. The food is awesome too. They have apetizers such as wings, spinach dip, fries, and their entrees include burgers, pastas, etc. When you're in Vegas, you shoud definitely stop by here. It's on the first floor in NY NY Hotel, when you come in from the strip, its on the right hand side, all the way to the right. Don't get lost!
4	Maybe I'm a big kid but I love this place. Not because of the bathrooms or the big freaking beers but I do love the arcades. I love the basketball, I spend at least half my card on that. Bowling is fun too but it harder then really bowling for some odd reason. Horse racing is crazy hard but I love playing it. Football is really fun too, but sometimes its down for no reason. I might spend $20 bucks there, they always have coupons in the LV travel magazines. The bar downstairs is crazying during football days. I was standing for about 2 hours one time. The tables have a minimum of $15 bucks a person, but the bar is where it's at. Have fun here and try to beat my score in hoops.
4	Located in New York New York Hotel. Slow service but they make a good burger and a tasty bloody mary to cure your hang over. I am a firm believer in NOT bringing your kids to Vegas. Too much Adult stuff to do.
3	As much as I wanted to like the ESPN Zone, I just can't get over the awful food. I've been twice, first time was OK - the second time, it was nasty. We got a Nacho appetizer and the chips were hella stale. I got a simple cheeseburger for dinner and it was gross. As hard as it is to mess up a burg, they managed to. It was like a microwaved patty. No grill marks, no fried burns, no flavor. Probably an awesome place to grab a brew and watch the games - but stay out of the restaurant. 1 star food, 4 star hangout - I'll be generous and give them a 3-star.  But in Vegas, why go 3-star???
4	I ate here while I was in Las Vegas for a conference.  I was by myself and I sat at the bar to watch some NBA playoffs.  This place had friendly and attentive bartenders.  The buffalo chicken sandwich I had was breaded nicely and had just the right amount of sauce.  Tapped beer was nicely priced for Las Vegas standards.  Overall, this place is great for individuals to eat, DRINK, and spend a couple of hours watching sports before getting into trouble on the strip.
4	Located right in the New York New York Hotel on the strip, here is where I go sometimes to catch NFL football. If you have ever graced any other ESPN Zone, it does not stray from the script. (I have also been to their other spots in Atlanta and New York.) Your usual suspects on tap, many, many screens to watch all games on at the same time, great wings and nachos and other bar food, and big mugs of beer!! I have never once had a bartender give me a buy back, but being one of the few women in the bar during football season, I meet some fellow fans and we all throw down on rounds. I like ESPN Zone because it's a place to watch your sports and chill with other fans who are also there to root really loud and have a good time!!
2	Overpriced, mediocre food.
5	Walking into this place I felt like I had died and gone to Heaven.   Sports, drinks and bar food everywhere.  I'm gonna come back during football season and spend an entire day here.We just got wings, and they were very good.   The rest of the menu was standard American bar fare, but thta can be delicious when executed well.
2	Last fall we decided to go to ESPN Zone to watch a Monday Night Football game.  Our team was on MNF and we figured this would be the perfect place to watch the game.Despite being half empty, the ESPN Zone had a policy in effect requiring each table to order a certain dollar amount of food/drinks per hour.  The host and server were both pretty rude about informing us of this policy.  It almost felt like we were being accused of being cheapskates who wouldn't order enough food/alcohol.  Weird?The food was overpriced, even by Las Vegas Strip standards.  Stanard bar food, just like TGI Fridays.  The minimum was sort of insulting considering how empty the place was - as was the service (which was poor).  We left during halftime and watched the rest of the game elsewhere.
5	Best place to watch sports on the Strip
4	I enjoyed this place. Menu has the standard bar food but it was delicious. I had the Cajun Burger. It was really good. Burger was cooked the way I wanted it. Cheese fries with bacon was an awesome appetizer. It could have been a meal in itself. Server was attentive and I never had an empty cup. They had TVs everywhere. And it seemed like every ESPN show was on all at once. They had a scoreboard that showed fun sports facts. A little bit of sensory overload. I would gladly come back again.
4	We watched the OSU/Michigan game here, and it was great.  Beer's a little pricey - but it's Vegas.  The food was great, the servers are nice, and the clientele were PERFECT for what we were looking for.  There was cheering, chanting, and lots of OSU winning! If you like Bloody Mary's - this place makes a double for $0.75 more - and they are strong!I would recommend sitting in the bar part, not the stadium seating section.  The bar got a little hoppin' and it was perfect!
4	We went out for a last minute dinner on the town and decided to go to the  ESPN ZONE. I had been to one other ESPN Zone before in Los Angeles and it was great, so why not try it here. The service was very fast and friendly. I dont know why but i get a kick out of it when the waiter or waitress slides into the booth next to you and says, " Yo whats up, are you hungry?" We ordered the grilled chicken salad and a Cajun Burger which was delicious by the way. Having a Beer, and a great burger and watching any sport a guy or gal could ask for will never do you wrong.
4	Wow where to start? This place is amazing to watch a huge sporting event or even just to grab some grub! They have a gazillion TV's including personal TV's at some of the tables. They also have huge projection screens which watching sports on can't be beat. The food is really good here which one wouldn't expect from somewhat of a sports bar. The BBQ chicken and ribs are TO DIE FOR! Def. ask for extra BBQ sauce when ordering this. Rubbing the fries all over the sauce is a must! Ever since leaving Vegas I have ventured out to find a BBQ place that can serve me up food just as good but I haven't even come close. This is a must-eat place to stop by in Vegas every time your down.The staff keeps it legit so be sure to tip, unless of course they aren't being legit. During big sporting events such as the NFL playoffs you may find it impossible to get a table. They don't even hand out wait times because they don't know if and when people are going to leave. Me and my friends got lucky last time as we were waiting a whole hour while the playoffs were going on and a young lady who decided she wasn't going to be eating there anymore handed me her table pager which was going off at the time. What a life saver! Thank you whoever/wherever you are! Love this place! We loved it so much me and my friends came back twice during the same trip!-1 star for requiring $10 per person minimum per hour during sporting events and long lines during events........
2	Why did I even come here, this is a big ass tourist trap to begin with and I knew it, I have been to the one in Time's Square for Peet's sake, the beer were expensive, I had the wings and it was barely tolerable as it didn't really have a real flavor to them.  The only decent things were the service, the big screen TVs with sports on them (this is ESPN Zone after all) and free wi-fi, so supposedly you can do work.  Just skip this place there are far better places to enjoy a game while in Vegas.
4	Great, great place. I'm lucky that my gf is just as big of a sports fan as i am, and this is the place she wanted to go to for her birthday. To be honest the only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because it didn't have a games section (arcade with basketball hoops) like the one I went to California. Every table has a TV and you have the choice of several channels (sports channels) to go back and forth, in addition to the massive amount of TVs on the wall. The food and service was great and the prices were reasonable. Alot of cool memorabilia throughout the place too. For fanatics like myself, this is the place to be. I had espn live scores on my phone, tv at our table, and 30 others tv's all around. My gf asked me "don't you ever get tired of sports?". my response: "um.... nnnaahhhhhhh"
5	This place is amazing to watch a huge sporting event or even just to grab some grub! They have a gazillion TV's including personal TV's at some of the tables. They also have huge projection screens which watching sports on can't be beat.The food is actually pretty good here. Many people think that this is simply a sports bar, but it's much more than this.
5	I have to give this place 5 stars because the waiter was so great to me.I was every waiter's worst nightmare: the customer just coming for the free wi-fi to do some work. I got in about 11am while it was empty and ordered just a coke despite his best attempts to add on beers, shots, or food. As it got towards lunch, the place started filling up quick. Then a soccer game came on and it *really* filled up. I felt bad taking a table, so I ordered a beer and apologized, but the waiter told me it was no problem, he could see I was trying to get some work done.By this time I was so impressed with the place that I called my two friends and told them to come meet me for lunch here so I wouldn't be a complete waste of the server's table. I finished up work and ordered with them.That was when we all got surprised: the food was outstanding! We each had a burger and loved it. Very happy with that decision.
3	The setting is actually nice we had our lunch here. The servings are actually big. The booths are equipped with TV & so as there restrooms... It was the first restroom that I have seen with a TV. Server was a bit rough on the edges she was just tossing the coster on the table which is so unprofessional for my taste...
1	First time staying at NYNY. We (8 girls) decided to eat here before partying it up for the night. "15 min wait" didnt sound bad so okay we waited. So we get seated in a conference style room. "Cool" our own private room, we're either special or they didnt care for the skimpy club wear we had on. Well from the time we sat down til the time we got our food: 1 hour!  Because they waited to bring everthing at once..some of us(myself counted) got our steak cold. Our waiter was rude from the get-go, when asked to get some more ranch sauce after bringing one already, he rolled his eyes and mumbled something we couldnt make out. sheesh..sorry you had to walk back. The only thing that was okay was the food, it didnt taste too bad(besides being cold), but only if you want it served with a side of sarcasm and rudeness.
3	In search of something decent in the hot evening as we pass through casino after casino with the Saturday night hooch in full watch.We make it over to ESPN in New York.One thing you know about here is it will be consistent and they got Stella on top..Yes... my dirty Belgium blondeThe black n blue burger with the apple walnut salad.Like i said it worked!Add a 32oz beer n the night is good to go.
5	Just wanted to write a note that this location is closing 6/16/2010.  I'm bummed out because I had my fantasy football draft here the last couple years and it was great both times.
3	When you're in desperate search for cheap, decent food that serves alcohol.....here is where we ended up. It surely wasn't my first choice, but everything is so overpriced in Las Vegas.Watching my caloric intake, I had a Stoli Blueberry with soda but ruined it with a bleu cheese burger and apple walnut bleu cheese salad. At least I went to the gym while I was in Vegas. I think I burned off the drink at least...haha
2	I've eaten here several times and USUALLY have a great experience.  However, the last two times I've visited the ESPN Zone, the service hasn't been that great and the food is on a downward trend.  During my last visit, the nachos we ordered came out barely warm...as if they had been sitting for a few minutes.  Then the burger I had, tasted like cheap beef.  I have eaten a burger here before and I know this was not their normal quality.  Ironically, while I was staying in Vegas, the news reported that Disney will be closing several ESPN Zone restaurants, including the one in Vegas.  If you want to eat a sports bar with lots of tvs, go to Iggy's.
3	I'll miss this place, reported to be closing on the 16th.  It's the perfect place to get international crowds together to watch a sporting match like the World Cup, all-around audio screaming, yelling and cheering for whatever you like.   Playoff games were a special delight -- beer plus gi-gan-tic TVs and personal table LCDs meant no matter where you were, it was the right seat.  Of course it's crowded; it's the Strip, it's ESPN, it's the first place any guy is probably going to think to watch the game of their choice while on holiday.   The food and service are basically Chili's though -- you're there for the game and basic appetizers, not to eat well. I'll miss you, ESPN Zone.
4	"a taste of EPSN"ESPN tastes as good as good as it as a network. Fun place to eat, drink, and what else watch sports!
1	NEW YORK NEW YORK ESPN! God awful food! The best beer you can get here is anchor steam.  Avoid their boneless buffalo wings at all costs.  Even my friends that eat just about anything anywhere couldn't even believe how bad the food was here.  No wonder they're all closing down! HAha Disney... Better luck next time!
4	A fantastic sports bar in the heart of Vegas!  We went in there for a late night munchie.  The burgers were seasoned perfectly and they had huge tvs across one wall of the restaurant as well as everywhere you look.  You couldn't miss anything due to all the games being on at once.  It's a shame that it had to shut down.
1	THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED! THIS THING NEEDS TO BE UPDATED!I went to this location a week or two after it closed i was SO sad because i LOVE their food and i've only been to the one in LA. =(
4	Great place always! When I'm in town we have to stop by. I love seating in the upstairs bar. But be prepare to spend some money example my Husband & I $100 tops.
