5	Amazing new restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter.  This place has it all, great food, great ambiance, great selection of champagnes and wines. I went there New Years Eve on their second night open and had a fantastic night.  The room was breathtaking and the people there were great, not to mention the service was right on!  Haven't been to any other club in town that has the feeling Narcisse has!  Do not miss out.
5	Narcisse is a beautiful place! I've been waiting so long for a champange bar in the valley! I consider myself a champagne connoisseur, so I had to go try it out! I was there on opening night as well as there new lady's night on Thursdays! I'm very impressed with the staff and service, as well as the by the glass list. I will definitly be back and will be bringing more friends! I highly recommend it!
3	Was there last night for the first "ladies night".  They were a mess!  First off, I have to say that the place is beautifully decorated and the menu looks good.  The service was less then desirable.  6 barteneders couldn't tell me specials, or give me details on how to make a table reservation for the weekend.  Then after numerous attempts to get a manager to answer our questions, The event coordinator came over to tell me that she was too busy and asked if I could call her during the week.  LOL  Are you kidding me? Again, they have only been open for a little over 1 week....I hope they can get it together.  Good Luck because I want to like you!
3	This place has potential, but will need some time to get running smoothly.  The decor is nice.  Trying a bit too hard to be cool and trendy- and our server just flat out was not good- but I doubt she will last long there or in the restaurant business in general.  The food was decent, but not amazing. Def. expensive as well, but without merit of the price it is charging.
4	Take all the "pretty" people within a 50 mile radius.  Put them in Oscar de la Renta and Calvin Klein.  Make these pretty people friendly (maybe I'm in the club), and you have Narcisse.Saturday night.  9:00 pm.  Way younger crowd, compared to Ocean Club (which I adore, but, it gets old... like fucking old).  Men, like me, actually wearing suit jackets.  Men and women who look like models from GQ or ELLE.  My wife "I haven't seen this many good looking guys since....."She actually wanted to stay, and tolerated my foul habit of clove smoking (i think they're still legal, and i'm stuck in 1987), so she could soak in the male eye candy.  And I got a chubby just watching the bartenderess make my drink.So Narcisse is this: dress up, or you'll look like a sheister, who should be the Walmart greeter.  Show some cleavage, because there's a reason men are drawn to your curves. We love them. Even if their tiny, we love them. Men: dress well.  Polish your shoes.  This is a grown up lounge.  Lots of pretty girls in very expensive dresses.This is a place to drink.  A place to see, and to be seen.  Don't wear GAP, unless you want to be mistaken for the bus boy/girl.Drinks not expensive (I'm used to paying Mastro's, but damn, all the Mastro restaurants make killer martinis).Smoking out on the patio.Clean.Great place to go after am iPic movie.  Great alternative to Devils's North, although there is NO dancing.  Really a lounge full of pretty people.
5	Dear Narcisse Management,Everything is delicious and amazing. However, you have a misspelling displayed prominently. I will tell you where when you treat me and select friends to a bottle of Champagne. Warmly and amusedly, Dally Gold
4	I went here for ladies night last night and was pretty happy. 50% of all drinks and cute little $3 appetizers. I had french fries, a chicken salad slider and 2 glasses of Sangria. Bill was $14. That's pretty cheap, especially considering the location.I really LOVE the decor and branding. It's not often a company is willing to spend the money on making their brand unique and consistent. They really play on the "narcisse" aspect. A huge mirror on the wall to mirrored bathroom stalls, I was thoroughly impressed. And as a graphic designer, that can be hard to do sometimes.I also met Tom, one of the owners. He was very pleasant. I don't hang out in N Scottsdale often since it's not really my cup of tea, but everyone was very nice at this cute lounge and made me feel very comfortable. If I walk away with a cheap bill and a smile on my face, I'm a fan.
3	Finally, a place up in the N. Scottsdale area where I wouldn't mind hanging out.  Why'd it take so long for someone to figure out that there aren't any N. Scottsdale places for those over 22 but not quite in the 40+ crowd?  Good place to go on a date or out with the girls for drinks.  Only tried a couple of things to nibble on while sipping champagne but nothing really stood out.  The servers need a bit more training in addition to some quality control on the food.  However, with these things fixed I'd definitely go back.  Also, looking forward to checking out the afternoon tea.Note: this place turns into a club after hours...
5	I was here last night with a group of about 150 people for a Scottsdale League for the Arts event.  Everything was great and this place was rocking!Great drinks and selection of bubbly.  Cool decor, good music, pretty people and friendly service.
5	Oh the joys of Scottsdale; see a great movie in an awesome theater - then stop next door for glass of champagne and fresh strawberries and chocolates on a lovely outdoor balcony.  We ordered glass of the champagne that James Bond always ordered in Bond movies - what a treat...
3	They have their good and bad things. Place looks 90% cool, there could be some improvements but 90% is better then 50% right? I like the couches for sitting and all, and the food I've eaten is yummy but really expensive. The champagne is expensive, but then again it's Scottsdale. And I never pay for my drinks but I felt bad when a date of mine had to drop $100 on 4 drinks. The suits on the bouncers is cool but the gloves look like they are ready to off someone. It's like being in a Mafia run bar, feels creepy when they stand next to me. But the men are nice, come closing time the guys will walk the gals to their car to make sure they are safe. Other bars and clubs could care less if you're mugged or raped once you pay your bill. It's new so I won't rag too much on the waitresses, they have a way to go. I went to relax solo there, 6 people asked what I wanted and it took 30 some odd mins to bring one drink. Like I said, they are new so I'll blame it on that. However there were times where my glass sat empty for a long time and I saw waitresses standing around and even sitting at the tables talking to each other and ignoring customers. Once I got waitresses changed, it seemed to get better. I think they should have screened the girls they hired better. Some are amazing, some are lazy. But given time I think as they get established they'll realize who sucks and start firing them. For now I'll stick w/ 3 stars and a hope of improvement, with an open mind that they are new and are still getting settled.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to have a drink after dinner at the Quarter. We wondered around and settled on Narcisse. A champagne and tea bar... fun! The decor is really cool and swanky.  The hostesses and our server were so sweet and helpful. There was a good selection of champagnes, wines, and drinks. I didn't see very many tea-related items on the menu. I had a champagne-based cocktail... very light and summery. We sat outside on the patio people watching and talking about how refreshing it was to find a trendy place without attitude. Right about that same time, the ropes came up outside (huh? It's only 8pm and it's not even crowded) and the spiky-haired guys in pinstripe suits and black gloves (yes, gloves - and I think it was probably about 60 degrees so it wasn't for warmth... maybe it was a Diane Keaton inspired fashion statement?) came out and swarmed around the entrance. So much for my theory of a cute, unpretentious bar. Maybe they were preparing for a busy night, but the outside was empty, do you really need 5 guys standing around? I told my boyfriend that if that's what I had seen when we were walking around, I definitely wouldn't have wanted to go in. But some people would probably be drawn to the look of exclusivity though, so to each their own. Overall, I liked the idea of the place and would go back (probably on the early side before the "we're cool and exclusive ropes and bouncers"  set in).
2	I came and checked out Narcisse with a couple of my girlfriends on a Friday and to say the least, will never step foot in that place again. The only thing they have going for them is their semi-appealing decor. Other than that, the staff is rude, lazy and incompetent. It took way longer than it should have just to get one drink and the amount of people stuffed into that place made it unbearable. After leaving, I noticed a cute little thing standing outside of another bar located next to Narcisse called Salt. She smiled and invited me in to come check the place out. The cocktail I had was amazing and the atmosphere and staff blew Narcisse right out of the water.If you want to overpay for an okay drink and be treated poorly, by all means, go to Narcisee. If your looking for a great atmosphere, amazing drinks, and overly friendly staff, go to Salt!!!
5	Newly opened in the chic and trendy Scottsdale Quarter, Narcisse is an opulent champagne lounge that feels like it's straight out of Vegas. So much so, that they've got velvet ropes at the entrance. Fortunately, the doormen waved us right through so we didn't have to endure a wait.Once inside, we found ourselves in a gorgeous space filled with gorgeous people. Everyone was dressed to the nines and the crowd was mostly in their late 20's to late 30's, with a dash of cougars and manthers. The DJ on Saturday night was spinning fun hip hop and dance beats, but my girl friend and I seemed to be the only ones who let loose on the dance floor. Sure, sipping champagne is sophisticated but stop being so stiff, people!Definitely a chic spot to lounge with friends, mingle with strangers and dance the night away. There's a great outdoor seating area as well, with lots of heat lamps set up, so we also enjoyed hanging out there and meeting some really friendly locals. They serve up a huge selection of champagne as well as beer and spirits, but you really can't come here without popping a bottle. VEUVE!
5	One of my new favorite lounges to go to with the girls.   1. I am a HUGE champagne fan 2. You can smoke on the patio 3. the drinks are great and 4. I LOVED the decor and atmosphere.  My friend and I were at Salt next door for a friends birthday party on a Friday night and decided to sneak next door for a drink to check it out.  The staff as a whole were awesome, everyone was very polite and sweet.  It has that chic feel with all the servers wearing cute corsets and dresses.  The DJ was great as well, fun music that kept the energy level up without making it too clubby and easy to still cary a conversation. Definitely a great new place to sit back and lounge in a place with a fun atmosphere and good service. Yay!
1	Thbbbbb. Thumbs down. It's places like this that give Scottsdale a bad name.  I must divulge that I'm not basing this rating on an actual review of the club, because they never let me and my friend in. The door man readily let all of our female friends in, and stopped us. The men in my group were a minority, two men with six ladies. The ladies in the front of our group entered with their momentum, and the last two stayed with us. A steady stream of flesh baring ladies entered one after the other beside us. We explained that we were with a group (admittedly, trying to work the fact that we were with women to our advantage) and the velvet rope boy demeaningly stated that "every guy out here is with 'lots of women.'" I never want to use my girlfriends as currency!We went next door, all of our girlfriends left Narcisse and joined us, and I'll never go back!Ugh! Totally gross. I just moved to town and this place appears to epitomise all of the materialistic things about which I'd been forewarned regarding Snottsdale.What do you expect with a bar called "Narcisse"?I'll add: in the 1/2 hr or so my girlfriends were in the bar, two of them were groped by "manthers", referred to in Connie's post below.Have fun!Incidentally, being new to town, I am looking for pubs/clubs in greater Scottsdale and Phoenix where humans can go, with their friends. Suggestions?
2	Let me first start this review by saying the following: Even though I'm a CenPho fan, I have spent many evenings in North Scottsdale establishments including Barcelona, Ocean Club, and Devil's Martini North with and without bottle service and reserved tables. So don't think this is a harsh review due to their location. I was at Narcisse last night with a group of 6 at a reserved booth. Things went smoothly enough in seating us. I was immediately impressed by the decor of the place and excited to try their menu. My friend and I pored over the extensive bubbly list and the food menu quickly. My friend suggested that we get the chef's choice meats, cheeses platter. After a few questions, we went ahead with the platter and a bottle of sparkling rose'. Everything was great! The platter was large enough for everyone at the table to try something. As the food part of the evening was wrapping up for our group, we decided to mix and mingle. The crowd made for some great people watching! I was enjoying the show! The music was good and upbeat and created a great vibe. My tootsies were hurting a bit so we decided to head back to the booth to chill for a bit. This is when it gets silly. I was sitting in the booth with 3 other people and we were watching a bouncer and I assume a manager trying to arrange and rearrange a table and chairs right in front of our booth. I sat back in amusement at first as the Benny Hill theme song played in my head. I was thinking to myself "This table is blocking booth traffic." Well, the two employees decided to move the table a little further away from the booths and into the traffic that walks into the establishment; a very high traffic area. I shook my head and thought the show was over. No. A hostess with a clipboard comes over and says "Hi guys. I have had these booths reserved for, like, two weeks in advance and need to move you to that table. I'll give you a bottle of champagne for your inconvenience." I didn't object. I didn't say anything. I just got up and moved. Well, our booth was a booth for 6, the table was a booth for 4. So as we were trying to arrange for more chairs, if possible, I watched a server run into our makeshift table setting, look annoyed, then climb OVER two of the empty chairs at our table. Then I see another patron walk into the establishment, and slam right into one of the other chairs on the other side of the table. A bouncer comes over to tell us that we can't move tables before being told by another bouncer that we were ok. This table IS NOT supposed to be here. I felt like we were in the way and we were. On top of that, I'm watching as another makeshift "reserved" table is being arranged in the already cramped area. I had enough. I told my friend that I wanted to leave and started saying my goodbyes. My friend had been a bar manager for a large establishment for many years, so he went to speak to the Manager to inform him of the tomfoolery with the tables. I walked up in the middle of the conversation and the Manager was asking us to stay and was apologizing profusely. I told him I respected the business and understood that things were crazy, but booting people out of a booth and putting them at a table that blocked the flow of traffic was hazardous and not professional at all. I also explained that we were paying customers that had bought approx 5 bottles of champagne and food, so we weren't schlumps. The Manager thanked me for my understanding and wanted to let me know that "after 10 or so, the place becomes more of a nightclub, so tables are tough and we're trying to accommodate everyone who wants a reserved table". Ok then they should pull all the tables then and not call themselves a Lounge. Or they should LIMIT the number of tables they reserve. He again asked us to stay and he'd get more chairs over and buy us a drink. I told him that the chairs weren't necessary (where the heck were they going to put them??) and that we would stay for the drink. He insisted on trying to move more chairs over, which caused more of a jam. We insisted that the chairs weren't needed and he took them away. Our drinks? Ordered but never delivered after 35 minutes. I just stood by observing and saw another server run into a chair at our table and pick it up and move it to another part of the place. I just laughed and told my friend we were outta there. At what point is it a good business decision to sacrifice quality for quantity? Do you try to accommodate everyone who wants a table or limit the number and keep the service integrity high? Do you accommodate paying customers who are willing to continue drinking and eating or bump them for a table who bought one bottle of alcohol? I think Narcisse has potential. It's not quite there yet. I guess I just expect more out of a bubble lounge. All the pieces are there! Maybe I will go back after they work out the kinks.
1	Slow service, staff needs more training. There's like 4 managers and none of the know what they are doing, i don't think this place is going to make it. Sorry but you lost 4 very good patrons Saturday night because of your poor customer service
1	If i could ever put a rating of no stars I would gladly do so for this establishment. I agree with Jared T. below, this place definitely gives his town a bad name. This pseudo-LA ish & wanna be establishment is just another copy of what they hope to be, bringing in celebrities, mr. jerkoff bouncer, that ain't gonna work. Their front door staff really needs to get their heads out of their asses. Even the vegas nightclubs rarely stoop down to their level, especially on a non-holiday & rainy weekend. They're still weeding people out. seriously? hahaha. Good luck with your short-run success mr. owner.I'm actually not bitter, I just feel sad that such establishments in Scottsdale still haven't completely opened up to reality. I laugh at you. lol. I'm sure there are good folks in Scottsdale, but from what my friends have encountered it just seems to me that discrimination is still alive and thriving under a cloak of modernism. If you're not from this town, just beware of the front door staff that'll come greeting you with discrimination with open arms. Unless you're a promiscuous blonde girl. lol
1	This place sounded awesome, and I am always up for champagne, unfortunately I have absolutely nothing to base this review off of. My husband & I stopped in today after some shopping around 4 pm, there was only 3 other parties there. The hostess sat us on the patio, we were super excited to try some different champagnes and the weather was just perfect. We waited for 10 minutes and nobody ever came over to our table. We waited ten more minutes and still nobody. We decided to get up and leave and on our way out, absolutely nobody said anything to us. So needless to say, we won't be back and I have absolutely no idea how the drinks, food, or service is (besides completely non existent) :(
1	I have never been treated so rudely as I was at Narcisse.  But let me start from the beginning.  My husband and I went there for drinks after dinner on Saturday night and at first I was shocked that they made everyone wait in line when there was clearly plenty of room inside.  Secondly, it was odd that there were two young children around age 7 or 8 working the door along side the doormen.  I assume they are the owners kids, and they were adorable kids, but the last thing I want to see at a bar/lounge/nightclub on a Saturday night are children.  BUT, I can get over that- no big deal.  Once inside I ordered one of the least expensive glasses of champagne for $10 and  I noticed later on the receipt that they charged me double for.  Again, I can get over that.  My husband and I were enjoying our night and before leaving we decided to check the patio out and walked out the side door and walked towards the entrance/exit so we could leave.  As we were making our way to the exit some guy came up to me said 'This is a private party' and I had no idea why he was saying that to me- the first thing that entered my mind was 'why are you telling me that?'  Then he went on to say 'This is a private party and you are going to have to leave.'  Um, what?! There were no sighs or anything at all that indicated we were suddenly in a 'private' area.  We were 5 feet from the door.  As we were leaving the doorman asked us if we had a good time and we said as a matter of fact, we were quite offended that as were were simply walking around and heading to the door another patron took it upon himself to tell us to leave.  I suggested that if an area is designated as a private party that they should have it marked as such.  He said he agreed that it was very rude and that I needed to tell his boss who was 2 feet away.  So I repeated myself to who I assume is the 'head bouncer' and his response was 'well, maybe you two should leave'.  What???? I couldn't believe the words that were coming out of his mouth.  He clearly doesn't have a clue about customer service.  And from reading the other reviews I am certainly not the only person that was treated this way.  TERRIBLE service!!!!
3	I would give it 4.5 stars for music and decor.Good dance/pop/remixed music.  Decor is very Vegas, hand mirrors and glass blown bubble chandeliers is the theme throughout, fitting for the name of the place.  Very appealing to the ladies hahaWent on a Saturday night at 10pm.  Big mistake.  It was so packed you could barely move, let alone get a drink at the bar-which = loss of champagne buzz. :(  They let way too many people in.  It's borderline ridiculous.  It's a lounge, not a club.  It just turns into a club like scene, since the N Scottsdalers have nowhere else to go up North since Barcelona and Sol y Sombra closed down.  Not to mention that it's pretty new.  You get good people watching. Old perves planted in front of the go go dancers salivating.  Poor man's strip club I guess? :) People watching is always fun in Scottsdale.And after 2 hours of not consuming enough beverages, I had had enough.  I call for my ride and it is raining out. Down the escalator and running in the rain in heels is not my cup of tea.I think I will check it out again on a weeknight. :)
3	Being an avid champagne drinker, I made it a point to come out and try Narcisse Champagne and Tea Lounge. Myself and two girlfriends came in on a Thursday for a quick bite to eat and some champagne before attending another event. We were seated by one hostess at one table, wherein another hostess came back almost immediately and asked us to move to another table because that table was actually reserved. So, no biggie, we moved to another table. The decor is unique in that it is clean and modern, while adding artistic flairs in all the right spots. It's kind of a modern-boudoir fusion. Anyhow, we get to the next table, and take a look over the menu. It's a great menu, offering a lot of small plates and a few entrees as well. There is definitely something for everyone on the menu...that is if they happen to have it that night. Our waitress came over, and the first three things I tried to order, they were out of that night. The waitress apologetically stated "We have only been open a month, and we are already switching things around on the menu". Fantastic, I understand. The menu should then be re-printed to reflect those changes. We finally settle on a few items, and order a non-vintage Tat. The prices are expensive, but that is to be expected in a champagne lounge, and I didn't find them to be astronomically so. Once the menu is settled I'm sure that things will run more smoothly, and the food we did get was very good. As to be expected, the champagne list is phenomenal. Just as I am getting finally getting comfortable after moving tables and going through several options before ordering, a girl comes over and introduces her as one of the people in charge of memberships. I would have listened to her, but she was dressed so inappropriately and unprofessionally, revealing far too much for a work environment. I understand that Narcisse is a club environment at night, but more than anything your staff should always exude class in a champagne lounge. I am not interested in seeing your staff member's nipples through her dress, which was short enough that she hopefully didn't need to bend over for anything. There are other clothing options to still show off the figure you have, while still remaining classy and professional, especially while trying to interest customers in a membership. This is a champagne lounge, not the champagne room at a strip club.
5	This is my new favorite place in Scottsdale!  First of all, I love champagne so any bar that is a champagne lounge, gets my vote!  The service was good, the champagne selection was vast and the atmosphere was totally amazing - the decor was eclectic and so unique!
4	Tea....and Champagne never looked so good together.....while I don't drink either....the layout is phenomenal. If your every visiting the Scottsdale Quarter peep into this locale and you will be amazed. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	This place sucks...  It's really that simple.  The build out is decent, but the staff and bouncers are rude.  Someone needs to tell them they are in North Scottsdale, not LA.  I give it until the summer begins before they are out of business...  Sorry, but it's no tea party.
4	Ummmmm.....cheap champagne in a cool, loungy atmosphere?  Yes please!  This place almost instantly made it to the top of my list of happy hour locations when we were presented with our first round of rose' champagne on the house, simply because I had a "membership card" (free to anyone that requests it) and this was my first time using it!  (The membership card allows you to rack up points based on your bill at the end of each visit, and you can cash in those points for various perks). We went on a Thursday, which is ladies night.  So even though happy hour typically lasts until 7 (and includes such things as $5 bubbles and half off well drinks), on Thursdays those prices are extended for the ladies until 8pm!!The food also looked appetizing!  I snacked on some of the 'toasts' my friends ordered, and they were delicious!Basically, I plan to make this a regular Thursday night hangout, and can't wait to go again!
3	Narcisse couldn't be more appropriately named...another Scottsdale scene club with a lively but predictable crowd of scantily dressed cougars, Middle Eastern royalty and upscale business folk. The music is hoppin and thumpin late and leans toward House, which is why I added two stars. We actually entered by taking an elevator up and walking through a kitchen in rather cinematic style, emerging right onto the dance floor, which was packed. I guess it pays to know someone. The champagne selection is outrageous here and packed though it was, our drinks arrived in seconds. The sky-high patio is a nice place to chill and check out the little skyline, but it's all about getting your dance on here. I would like to check it out for happy hour when fewer people are bumping into you and stepping on your feet. The Russian mobster-channeling bouncers are a little intimidating, but treated us well. An uber enthusiastic dancer knocked into my friend and shattered her Veuve glass, and all was whisked and mopped in seconds. The music sure beats the tired 90s cover bands that seem to be epidemic in this area.
4	My opinion of this places fluctuates, depending on how crowded it is, how much alcohol I've consumed, and how I'm treated at the door.  It's usually a fun spot, but make sure you have a few in you before you go.  If the lady I like decides to start dating me, I will never go back, because she isn't into it.  If not, I'll be back at some point.  (This doesn't really have anything to do with the review..but I felt like putting it out there.)
3	Went here with some girlfriends for happy hour one Friday night before watching a movie at ipic.  I had their signature champagne cocktail and I thought it was great - strong but tasty.  My friends got house champagne or rose for only $5.  We also sampled some of the crostini (they call them "toasts") which were all tasty and I thought you got a lot for the price.  We loved the decor and atmosphere and our server was very sweet and friendly.  We had a good time but only stayed 30 minutes until the movie started.I agree with some of the other reviewers that it appeared to me that this place does turn into the typical Scottsdale club in the later evening.  With the ropes and loud music going, we decided not to go back in after the movie.  To each his own, but I really prefer a mellow wine bar or lounge where you can actually have a conversation with the person you are with and relax comfortably.  We ended up going to Kazimierz in Old Town instead.
4	Great place to come after about 9pm otherwise a little slow but if you get there after 10pm you might have to wait in line. Lots of beautiful woman who are actually nice and approachable. They have lots of different champagne. The bartenders need to be a little faster or more experienced but over all a great place to come and get a drink, dance and have a good time.
3	3.5 stars.The concept is awesome, but the execution is not the best. At least that is my perception. We sat outside on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. The outside seating area on the second level of the Scottsdale Quarter is perfect. We ordered the toast (3 for $15) - the artichoke, tuna as well as the brie. Toasts or bruschetta seem to be the most recent fad as we all know. Places like Postino, have executed them perfectly. At Narcisse, the toppings were delicious, but the bread was...meh. Nothing special. Well, for a menu item called TOAST, I would expect the bread to be delicious.Drinks. Drinks are good. Especially in the sun on Sunday funday. We tried four different drinks..one tea-ni, one tequila drink, and some other ones that i forgot about. Memorable? Always a good sign.Lastly, some pet peeves:The server was...weird. Just a little off. hmmm...I hate typos on a menu! We all have spell check.
1	Horrible, horrible horrible!  9 ladies for a birthday lunch, 35 minutes passed before the wine we ordered was delivered, another 30 to 45 minutes before our order was taken and then at least 45 minutes before our entrees were brought out, one plate at a time!!  The owner (?) came by to address our concerns and had one excuse after another as to why things went wrong.  When I told him numerous calls to reserve a table went unanswered, (calls went directly to a voice message saying they were open for lunch and dinner), he said "we have a digital system, didn't you get directed to prompts?" (Even if I did get said prompts, who wants to make a reservation for a simple lunch the same way you are trying to have a conversation with your credit card company?)  I said no, all I got was a dial tone.   I then told him  their website directed me to opentable.com to make a reservation, I went to opentable only to get a message Narcisse is no longer a member.  The owners response?  "Our problem with opentable is that we are a nightclub"  What in the world does that mean?  If you are a nightclub, be a nightclub-do not tout yourself as a lunch/dinner restaurant.  We are an easy going group of women age 40 to 60 who meet once a month for lunch, price is never an issue and we never, ever do the dreaded separate check thing so rarely have issues but this outing was absolutely the worst experience we have ever had, individually or collectively.
1	You can't hear yourself think in this place never mind talk to and hear another person. It's a meat market if ever there was one. Wall-to-wall people. Even getting a beer is a Herculean task! If you're looking to meet an interesting, sophisticated woman, then look elsewhere. The crowd is definitely for those in their 20s. It's full of those women who grew up with Paris Hilton and Britney Spears as role models and adore Lady Gaga. I recommend Mabel's if you want an opportunity to meet a beauty with brains to match.
1	Went there on a Saturday night. At 11:00 PM, nobody in line, waited for 10 minutes (still first in line) and asked the bouncer what is going on and why we can't we get in. ----- you have to wait ??????!?!?!?! I'm ready to get in, have a drink and have fun, wait for what the place is half empty ????---- ohhh I know but you have to wait. ME: This is retarded I'm never coming back. The End.
3	Pretty, but no substance... like most Scottsdale chicks? HA! Anyway, I tried this on a Friday night and lasted for about an hour. The drinks were pretty good and reasonably priced for the upscale atmosphere. Douche factor: moderate to high.
4	Its sophisticated and trendy. The kind of venue I'm always looking for to host film industry events.
4	Nice Decor and a good hangout place, not too formal and not too expensive! Nice ambiance inside and also around the place in the evenings. It has a nice patio to relax with your choice of drink/very flavorful teas or bubbly at affordable prices ( $7 a glass).There is a movie theater (i pic) and  many restaurants around this lounge, we went here for drinks after dinner.The place has a trendy look with b'ful decor, friendly staff, not a place where you would want to be in your flip flops, has a "small" dance floor  and good music as well. (To my liking it was not that extra loud club music, but something you could enjoy along with conversations :))Overall I am going back to relax, gossip with friends, date with hubby  or just catch up with girls over a glass of champagne!
4	The boyfriend and I headed over there after being alerted by a DJ we like that he would be DJing for Sunday Brunch and they had bottomless bubbles for $10 during brunch. Sign me up!We arrived around 11:30 after having to wander Scottsdale Quarter for some time trying to find the place. It was already freakin' hot outside and this place is like an icebox. I usually hate that but it was perfect. The first thing we noticed was the really cool decor. Very elegant and posh.The second thing we noticed was that there was no one there. There were two other couples beside ourselves. I was really surprised. I could not find any reason why people would not want to jump on this. We were immediately welcomed by our server Charlie, who is a doll and we adored her. I asked which bubbles were included and she said that they have a wide selection but they try to work through what they have open. I get that. I'm sure if there was something I wanted that was not open they would have accommodated that but I was thrilled that they had a Schramsburg Blanc de Blanc. At $9 a glass on the menu, having this for the $10 bottomless bubbles is awesome.We each ordered eggs benedict (short rib for me and tenderloin for the bf). Both were really good, perfectly prepared, came with the best potatoes ever and were a good deal at $12 each. It was just the right amount of food, too.The only complaint that I had was how dead it was. They really need to step up their marketing for this. Next time I think I'll head there with a girlfriend or two that enjoys champagne. Boyfriend is not a fan and the drinks we're small and steep at $8 each. Of course, I drank more than our money's worth in champagne so it's all good! I hope they do this into the fall when it cools down a little bit!
4	Wow. What a difference a few months makes. No more ridiculous crowds, drunken kids, a fight to get to the bar, loud music. Narcisse has undergone a welcome transformation since its inauguration, not in the decor, but in the people that frequent it (more sophisticated), the music they play and the volume they play it at (you can talk without becoming hoarse) and even get a seat at the bar if you get there early enough. The bar staff are so friendly too. It's such a transformation and a definite regular on my weekend hangout list. Try it, you'll love it!!
1	Service wasn't that great and the "bouncer" had a real attitude with people. It was my birthday weekend and I thought this place would be a cool place to have it. Yeah...not so much. I was really disappointed with his customer service and peoples attitudes. It was suppose to be a cheery event, so we went to prime bar and salt turned out to be a great night after we left this place.
4	"Champagne makes you feel like it's Sunday and better days are just around the corner." (Marlene Dietrich)  A statement that aptly describes Narcisse's Sunday Brunch with its $10 bottomless bubbles.  Although I have visited this sexy lounge on a number of occasions, I was waiting for the coup d'etat to reflect on my experience with the bubbly.  This event came in the form of winning a free brunch for four via their Facebook page.  Yes, Narcisse wants to give back to its fans!But before I waffle on about its divine brunch, I want to talk a little about the space and concept.Narcisse was doomed to fall in love with his own reflection after rejecting the advances of a saucy nymph.  Here, the leather and damask-esque decor remind one of walking into a Parisian socialite's boudoir...evidenced by the ornate chandeliers, larger than life hand mirror on the wall, and the high backed chairs that welcome you to languish in bubbles.  There are sexy sayings that are interspersed throughout the lounge - my personal favorite being Mark Twain's "One holds a bottle of red wine by the neck, a woman by the waist, and a bottle of Champagne by the derriere  ."  This is just the type of place for people that love sexy sultry, that love themselves?Back to Sunday Brunch.  Start out with the $10 bottomless bubbles per person.  This does not come with a mixer, so your orange juice or peach nectar will need to be ordered separately.  Their signature brunch sandwhich is the aptly named "Dom" the don of breakfast sandwhiches.  Grilled turkey, prosciutto, fried egg, fresh tomatoes, manchego, avocado,and mayo, served with their flavorful house potatoes.  For $8, this was and is a fantastic value.  I could hardly fit it into my mouth, but once I met with success I savored every bite.Narcisse also has a number of Benedict selections such as the short rib and tenderloin.  They are served on a brioche bun, topped with 2 poached eggs, and drizzled with a lemony truffle hollandaise sauce.  Beautiful!Other items on the menu include a plethora of omelets such as the "Lil piggy" (with serrano ham, tender pork belly, crispy bacon, chives, and manchego) as well as German apple pancakes and waffles.But there is so much more to this venue than brunch.You can enjoy happy hour, dinner, and late night here with their full menu.There are an assortment of starters such as fries and sauce (choose from truffle oil, red curry ketchup, horseradish mayo) or smoky bleu chips (bleu cheese, fresno chilis, hot sauce).  There are esoteric selections such as the cocoa truffle chicken drums (dry rub chicken drumettes) or more champagne friendly choices such as cheese and meat platters, a smoked salmon platter, pretzel logs and cheese fondue (i love these!) or a more decadent grilled white prawn starter.Although I have only sampled one main course, the "N Burger" with sirloin, short rib, manchego, and cucumber, the list of offerings here is  impressive:  ranging from Chilean Sea Bass to Beef Tenderloin.But this is not just a champagne lounge, this location offers a high tea experience as well.  Tea time is Tuesday-Friday at 2pm.  Tea infusions are provided by Tea Forte for $6.   You can order tea over ice such as white ginger pear, or hot tea such as coco truffle or green mango peach.The tea bite sliders are popular and welcome here, because for $3-$4 each you can sample a variety of delectable bites with your tea such as smoked salmon, cheesesteak, grilled cheese, grilled pbj, ham and havarti, and more.  Bruschetta is also well represented here for a selection of 3 for $15.  (artichoke tapenade, brie, black fig, tuna tartare, asparagus, and tomato confit, to name a few)Ladie's night is every Thursday, and it's 50% off all drinks for ladies.  There is always a DJ here, even during Sunday brunch, so the vibe is hip and sexy.Industry Night is every Sunday from 6p-Close.  ($3 bubbles by the glass, $3 domestic beers, $5 rock star vodkas and there are some specials on bites and toasts)During Narcisse's Happy Hour, receive 50% off well drinks and $5 bubbles, Sunday-Thursday from 2p-7p.  With over 75 varietals of champagne, you can truly get to know the beauty of bubbly.  Get a VIP membership so your first bubbly is always free, and all other drinks are 50% off.Thank you, Kyu Utsunomiya and the staff at Narcisse for their hospitality and unique experience that you have brought to North Scottsdale!
4	Amazing food and champagne.  One of the best selections of champagne I have ever seen!  The Sunday Brunch is excellent, make sure you show up for that!!!  We went for dinner and had a wonderful experience.  As it got later in the evening the place got louder and more crowded.
4	Okay I really wanted to not like this place.  I did not go for dinner.  With a crew of 8, I went to the Sunday Brunch.  $10.00 bottomless champagne. I repeat $10.00 bottomless refills.  Okay truth be told it's sparkling wine but who cares.  They refill pretty regularly.  You'll be tipsy enough that you won't care that they charge $12.00 a carafe for juice in the event you want to make your own Bellini or Mimosa.  The brunch menu is pretty varied and is surprisingly reasonable.  The scones are mini-scones and are delicious.  It does come with Devonshire cream and jam on the side as they should.  The eggs benedict are some of the best.  Truffled hollandaise was a nice touch.  Go for the regular eggs benedict and not necessarily the short ribs.  The regular ones really are the best flavored.  The bacon is good, if you want to be really decadent go for the pork belly.  It is fatty goodness.The stuffed french toast was more of a large warm jelly-doghnut, not in a bad way.  But if you like decadent French toast go for the french toast at Frank and Albert's.The vibe is very Vegas, or to compare to a place locally, think of Modern Steak at Fashion Square.  Perfect for bachelorette parties.  Purple walls, plush lounges, glass and mirrors everywhere.  The men folk we were with thoroughly enjoyed their experience.  There are many Scottsdale types perfect for people watching.
3	Oh Narcisse... I loved you at the first mention of "champagne lounge".  Finally went to check it out with 3 other girlfriends for their $10 bottomless bubbles brunch on a Sunday - how could you NOT love $10 bottomless bubbles right?!Well, unfortunately the experience was a little disappointing (hence only 3 stars).  They advertise that they pour a Mumm for their bottomless bubbles.  A girlfriend even confirmed this when she was there one night before our brunch, that yes in fact they pour a Mumm.Well, guess what, no Mumm.  They poured a random sparkling wine from I believe WA (not even CA!).  For sparkling wine snobs like myself and my girlfriends, this was a little off-putting from the start. I mean, we're not uber snobs or anything, but if you promise a Mumm, don't pour some no-name sparkling from WA!?I will say however that they kept those bubbles flowing.  The server would come refill our glasses before they got empty, so that's a redeeming star.However I can't say there was anything redeeming about the food.  3 out of the 4 of us got cold food (when it should have been hot).  I am REALLY picky about the temperature of my food, so this really was a let down for me.  If the food had been at a proper temp, it would have been quite delicious.What I DO like about the place... the decor is beautiful.  I can imagine the place is stunning at night, but even during the day it was just gorgeous.  The prices were very reasonable - $10 for bottomless bubbles is a steal, (even if some random bubbles from WA!) & the brunch menu items were all reasonable, around $10-14.All in all I like the place, and I'll be back to give them another shot.  $10 bottomless bubbles will keep me coming back I think.  :)
4	Narcisse is a funny place because it advertises that being narcissistic is a good thing.  The decor has these decorative, novelty mirrors on the walls because Narcissus, blah blah blah.  Thing is, I don't think they're being ironic or making any sort of comment on society being so shallow, I think it's legitimately like a very "greed is good" kind of admission of character.  It's not satire.  It's Scottsdale.The color scheme is purple.  Purple, purple everywhere.  As such, I felt like I was in that one scene in Batman (1989) where the Joker poisons everyone and Kim Bassinger has to put on that red gas mask.  I've spent a lot of time describing what the place looks like, much more than I typically do, but I feel like it is an important part of the overall experience of coming here.Look, for $10, you get bottomless "bubbles," which... I thought was adorable that they kept saying "bubbles!" but it turns out that at these kinds of places, everyone thinks they're a champagne expert, which is kind of funny because it's $10, so if they don't say bubbles or something adorable, people will get pissed.  If you wanted to have classy sparkling wine, $10 would be the smartest use of money since Steve Jobs invested in Pixar.  There's no need to complain unless you think that your snob muscle is getting flabby.  Everything else is reasonably priced, too.  My breakfast burrito was pretty damn big and cost something like $9.  Don't get me wrong.  It was bland.  It certainly wasn't bad, but it was like a rough approximation of a breakfast burrito and executed without all the love.I wouldn't recommend coming here unless your mission, really, is to have a group of people get kind of sauced in the morning and have some laughs, plug your gut with some food and probably pass out a couple hours later by a pool.
4	Some friends and I went to Narcisse last Saturday night.  The cocktail I was holding was a little cold and my arm was getting tired from holding the drink at a certain angle to maximize the coolness factor so I decided to set the drink down on this little ledge above a white leather couch. At that particular moment I made a mental calculation that my drink had at least 51% of it's weight on the intended surface. It did not take long before my hypothesis proved incorrect because it turned out that a larger portion of my drinks weight was resting on nothing other than fresh Arizona air. The glass tipped over and began to spill my rum and diet all over the beautiful white couch. I used my Jedi reflexes (that ironically failed me a moment ago) to catch the glass before it could fall towards the floor and possibly shatter. None the less, most of my drink ended up spilling all f'ing over the place.Within seconds a security guard was at my side with a tiny flashlight directing other members of the staff to begin cleaning everything up. I apologized for being so clumsy and assured him I would try much harder in the future to stop causing trouble.  He explained how it was no problem and it happens all the time. I thought this was great customer service. I will definitely be back to spend more money and finish each drink.
4	Went here for bubbles & brunch last Sunday. What a great deal! Truly is bottomless bubbles. We got orange juice and sipped mimosas for hours. A wee bit tipsy by the end, but what a good time. Had the banana nut bread as a starter, SUPERB. Delicious fig spread and the bread was moist with a slightly crunchy outer edge. Had the spinach and goat cheese omelet - was a smidge bland, but still tasty nonetheless. Service was excellent and it was refreshing to see the decor in daylight. I felt very relaxed and a little girly. :)
1	Was a decent alternative in the area for lounges. Poor customer service! Bartenders poor attitudes! Doormen are horrible and misinformed that the place is a Vegas type of place! $1000 for bottle/table service at an empty lounge is ridiculous. Wondering, 4 guys different ethnic backgrounds but ladies in our group too... Seeing older reviews, it sounds like they haven't changed and I wouldn't be sad or surprised if this place was closed soon!
1	I have stopped by this place on occasion while in the area on the weekends. Not sure why since the service has always been horrible. My group of friends decided to head there with some other friends visiting. We were stopped by the bouncers at the door and told we needed a reservation or buy a $1000 bottle table in order to get in. We thought it was a joke. They are so not Vegas or L.A. They claimed it was at capacity and we could see no one on the patio area, nor many people inside. Our group had females and males, and sharply dressed. This place and the service in general is so shoddy for a self proclaimed upscale establishment. They have a lost a customer and I will inform anyone and everyone not to go there.
2	I liked the fab ambience that had mostly been achieved (but for the flat-screens playing sports :P), but this place disappointed in most other respects.  The $10 bottomless bubbles were some cheap variety, and the OJ used in mimosas was Sunny D or something in that league. Then there was the food. The pumpkin french toast sounded promising, but the bread tasted stale and hadn't really absorbed much flavor, and had been topped off with canned fruit. My sister's omelette was bland and appeared to have been microwaved.Unforch, the service didn't much compensate for the bad food or drinks either.  Nobody even came around to offer the supposed bottomless bubbles until we were done consuming whatever we could stomach.The crowd primarily consisted of overgrown frat boys and blonde women with too much plastic surgery.  The live music was a good touch.
5	Love, love, love Champagne Brunch at Narcisse!The decor, service, and food is phenomenal and a few glasses of bubbles can never hurt a Sunday morning. I've enjoyed the pancakes, scones, eggs benedict, and my favorite breakfast sammy - the dom! Everything is elegantly plated and tastes really fresh.The nightlife is upscale, but a little Scottsdale-homogenous - everyone seems to look the same. If that's the scene you crave, then Narcisse is the place to be!Hm.  Now I want breakfast food and champagne...
5	Finally made it to Narcisse on Friday night and found the place quite fabulous. With it's glam decor, comfy seating, and pretty views I was a happy camper. I got served my drinks very fast each time I ordered,  the music was pretty loud but still enjoyable, and the crown was attractive, friendly in the late-20's to early 40's age range, which is just right for me.  It's nice enough to wear heels and a little dress, or even jeans and a cute sweater. It was not overly crowded, nor did we have to wait in line to enter so nice job Narcisse! I shall be back for Sunday Brunch to take advantage of your $10.00 endless bubbly's!!
2	This place represents everything that is phony about the city that boasts plastic surgeons that accept payments on a layaway plan and a Costco with a $23k bottle of Louis XIII on display. The moment we walked into this place I sensed an air of pretension.We were meeting friends for what I had hoped would be a wonderful evening of catching up.  Unfortunately, the techno music thumping from the speakers overhead pretty much ruled that out.  Perhaps a younger crowd (I'm a young 54) enjoys music that allows you to hear only the words that your date utters between the electronic bass notes, but I really prefer to hear everything that someone is taking the time to share with me.What should one think of a so-called champagne lounge that is out of your first choice of bubbly?  It's not like I chose an obscure or rare bottle of champagne.  I selected Schramsburg Blanc de Blanc, a very delicious, but readily available non-vintage California sparkling. There is no reason to run out of such a wine.The food was also nothing to speak of.  Early on a Friday evening they were already out of the tenderloin carpacio.  How do you run out of tenderloin carpacio? Did the slicer break down, or did you really run out of meat suitable to eat unless cooked through? The chilled white prawns were good, but those are pretty hard to get wrong. Don't think by their presence on the happy hour menu that you're getting a good deal.  They sell them for $3 per, and so if you get four you save a whole dollar.  Wow!  The grilled vegetable platter that we shared was pretty good.The couple of things that I would highly NOT recommend are the cheese plate and the bacon wrapped matzo balls.  A couple of the cheeses on the plate were OK, but most of them were nothing special.  No brie, no triple creme, no bleu.  There was one cheese that tasted like the low fat mozzarella that I use to make an ordinary pizza.  It was not worth the price that we paid.  Regarding the matzo balls, I have to ask, what's the point of wrapping bacon around matzo? Shrimp, yes; date, yes; chicken liver, yes; matzo ball, definitely no.
5	Okay went to a get together with the wife's hairs dressers from the Apricot Lounge Salon Studio and  is owned and operated by Vanessa Jasper and Kimberly Allison. Vanessa and Kim they had a get together there at Narcisse Champagne and Tea lounge to give back to there loyal clients.  Much love to Kim and her crew food was great I learned a lot from the how to (DIY) classes they gave out well GREAT!  I actually will be taking a class to help hook my ol ladies hair up.  But back to the food GREAT service GREAT ambiance 110% at this p[ace served food with 10 service 10 location 10 drunks this is the kind of place you can call home and my bill was shockingly low even after covering my brothers-in-law as he walked out before getting to pay his bill. Brian you got me again...
4	Sunday brunch here is great.  Amazing food, friendly service, and bottomless bubbly.  But the real treat is the music by Matthew Thornton and Brendan Cottrell.  These two do great covers with a few originals thrown in.  Check them out.
5	I'm all about the food.Ladies, this place was made to cater to your needs.  Champagne, Tea, and girlfriends.  Think I was one of the only few dudes besides the bartender around.  I like my odds.  I saw a few guys walk in and walk out...haha this isn't their local dive bar I guess.  Narcisse is a chic, modern, and hip.  Plush couches and a high ceiling with hanging decors to attract your eyes.  You know what else attracts your eyes?  Go to the men's room -- you'll see what I mean.We ordered some appetizers and bruschettas and boy were they yummy!  Meatballs were decent and so were the white Shrimp.  The best was the carpacio!  It literally melts on your palate.  The bruschettas rivals the best in PHX!  They don't crumble when you take a bite and all the toppings stay aboard while you savor the moment. Mmmm...!Our service was great since there were only 2 in the party plus only a couple of tables.  I gather this place is popping during the weekends.  According to the bartender; the closest thing to a Vegas nightclub.  Hmm, debauchery and immorality! - Enjoy!
4	I love the decor!Like fellow Yelper Bao H. pointed out, this place caters to us ladies. My girlfriends and I went on a Friday night and were welcomed with the option to either be seated at a table or hang out by the bar. We opted for the bar as the place was not crowded and the tables were far apart. The bar itself is not very big and unfortunately there weren't any stools available to us, but we did get drink service pretty fast. Being a champagne lounge, the selection is quite extensive (and expensive), but they do also have beers and a full bar for one's other liquor needs. We didn't get to sample any of their snacks they offer, but I did see fried pickles, holla!The attire was a bit more dressy and almost all the guys we encountered had on a jacket, one, might I add, had a purple velvet jacket on...nice. All the ladies were wearing heels and the majority had dresses on. The crowd that night consisted of 30+ somethings and mainly women.Narcisse is located on the second floor so when its a little warmer out, the patio would be fund to hangout on to people watch. It does have a few heaters, but my friends still were not up for the winter challenge, bummer, but I guess its just another excuse to come back.
2	I went here for the food and it was horrific. I guess I did it wrong because I didn't get champagne or tea. I got coffee lol. It was pretty good coffee though but the breakfast burrito sucked. A lot of food, but gross. On to the next one.
1	From the other reveiews and what I have heard from a friend, I might have to try narcisse again. I was there for brunch this past sunday and was disappointed. After being seated inside, we waited 9 minutes before we were greeted. Right when we were about to get up and leave, our waitress finally appeared asking us if we would like to order a drink. I ordered a nonfat cappucino and without even asking my boyfriend what he would like, she just walked away, clearly irritated that I had ordered a cappucino. She came back a few minutes later saying they dont have nonfat milk. We just weren't feeling it so we left and went somewhere else instead. Im sure brunch is amazing but just the greeting we recieved left a bitter taste in my mouth.
4	Went there for a happy hour with my girlfriends and I'm uber impressed. This is a very classy, chic and stylish place. Located in the hip Scottsdale Quarter its decor is very impressive - high ceiling, plush couches, black and white paintings, quotations about champagne and one of the best restrooms i have been to. Since I went for the happy hour , obviously price was not an issue. We ordered rose champagne, bruchetta, waffle fries and chicken drumettes. All the dishes were tasty, especially the bruchetta. I regret not trying the dessert so may go back just for that. Highly recommended for a girls evening out.
4	Upscale, lively, crowded, high energy....DJ was spinning some good tunes and bottles were poppin! Didn't get there early enough for a table, but the bar area was the place to be anyway...pretty people all around....nice way to spend the evening.
4	Lux date night!!! Yummy cheese and meat platter and great advice on champagne. We were a little worried about going with the alcohol recommendations due to not seeing the prices - but were pleasantly surprised with the bill.. All wine by the glass and champagne recommendations were no more than $12 each - and they were good. A lot of the stereotype of Scottsdale scene - lots of plastic boobs and massive makeup all over the place... but considering we don't go out too frequently it was a fun change of pace...
5	This place is just what this bonafide Orange County gal needed - a trendy but chill lounge. A place to see and be seen. My bestie was in town for the weekend so we dolled up a bit and made our way over to Narcisse a little after 9pm on Saturday night. The place had yet to fill up completely so we were seated quickly and enjoyed some delicious champagne, wine and appies (waffle chips and tuna tartare bruschetta). As we enjoyed our drinks and people watched the place filled up and by 11pm the place was poppin! The scene here is an older, more sophisticated crowd so yuppies fit right in. The decor is to die for...as trendy as the spots we know and love in SoCal...so what's not to love? The music was HOT...when we first arrived we loved lounging to beats by Craig David, TLC, Blackstreet and all our other old school faves. All in all, it turned out to be an enjoyable night so we did not regret getting dressed up and out of the house...even though staying in and lounging in our pj's was a tempting option. I will likely be back to Narcisse whenever I need a night out or whenever we have friends visiting. I'd also like to try the Sunday Champagne Brunch at some point...it sounds ah-mazing!
4	had a girls night out and start here - it was early 6ish on Saturday, so the place was empty - which was nice.  the decor is great and the seats were so comfy!Onto the important parts -the Champange!  We started off with The Wild Hibiscus - a vodka, hibiscus, champagne cocktail.   To die for!!   We decided on a few nibbles - starting off with the brushetta - you can choose 3 kinds.   The Brie was the best:  apple, brie, honey, and pistachios - I could have eaten just this and been content.   We also chose the artichoke tapanade, and tomato confit -both good, but not the brie!the waiter had told us we had to try the pretzel logs and cheese and after twisting our arms we said sure.  Well our brushetta came and we devoured it and the pretzel never came.   when we inquired he said he forgot to put the order in....and since he had "badgered" us to try it and then failed to bring it -he bought a round of drinks for us.     the pretzels were good, but I would have preferred another round of the brie brushetta!!prices are decent for scottsdale, food was good, service was attentive (since it was so quiet)  - as the hours passed it got more and more crowed.   We left, so can't really say how the night life there is, but definetly want to try out the happy hour during the week or the weekend brunch.the only thing they must change....the bathroom stalls - the whole stall is mirrored - do you really need to see yourself on the pot???    ;)
4	Had the BEST smoked salmon omelette here with bottomless champagne for brunch Sunday. This place is soo pretty. Service was very good after a bumpy start. The prices are very reasonable for such a beautiful place. I would love to come back here. --
3	This place was kinda cool. We first got there around 9:30 on a saturday night. The place was dead... but that is to be expected for a "night club". The drinks are expensive, but tasty. The decor is AMAZING. The couches are comfy and there is just enough seating space without it overtaking the joint. We ended up leaving after 1 drink and went back a few hours later and the place was busy busy busy. They had great music playing and the dance floor was full. One downfall was, I hate when you go to a bar and the bathroom has an attendant that you need to tip. They are holding everything that you need... soap and paper towels. I feel that I shouldnt feel forced to tip someone because I wanted to wash my hands after I used the bathroom. Overall the place was decent. I am new in town and I am sure that there are better places to have a drink. I will most likely go back (in the future), just not in a rush to.
2	First time here and not very impressed. Hostess seemed scattered. Had reservations for a table inside  and was told we had to sit outside. Been waiting over 20 minutes for service and still none. Went to management and they finally re sat us at a decent table. So far not worth the wait. Nice atmosphere but not real impressed thus far. Justin our waiter is awesome. More to come
5	10.00 bottomless Champagne is amazing!
5	I really enjoy Narcisse on weekend nights.  Cool atmosphere, great house music and lots of people dancing, talking and having a great time.  Demographic is late 20s to 40s.  There is an extensive outdoor balcony that surrounds one half of the club which is an excellent place to relax and take in the sights and sounds.
4	Went here for a Girls Night Out with four others. The appitizers were very good and the champegne selection was fantastic. I'm not really one for the Scottsdale club scene, but it wasn't that bad. The highlight of the night was the chocolate fondue plate.  Amazing chocolate and the peanut butter whip cream was to die for. The dj was good and we had a great time. Not a bad way to spend a Friday night!
2	We went for Sunday brunch. Atmosphere is great. But we waited 30 minutes until we had to call a server over to get our drink order and there were only 5 other tables. Food was good but not worth the wait.
2	Saturday was girls night out... No husbands or boyfriends.  No kids.  Just twelve women ready to have a good time!  Sounds fabulous, right?Wrong...Despite a very friendly hostess, decent champagne, and a modern fun vibe, my experience at Narcisse left a bad taste in my mouth - literally.  The service was slow and unattentive and the food was extremely underwhelming. I even asked our waitress what she recommended between the burger and the bruschetta, and she said the bruschetta.  I went with her suggestion and had the salmon, artichoke, and apple/brie - I ate half of it because I was starving but it was some of the worst bruschetta I've ever had; that being said, I'd hate to taste that burger!  Needless to say, I don't plan on returning.  But if you do choose to check this place out, I recommend going for drinks and not the food, and be prepared for the stereotypical Scottsdale scene!
3	My boyfriend and I did Sunday brunch here for our anniversary. I've been wanting to come here for awhile, but have been putting it off because I was worried there would be a strong douchefactor. The website suggested we made reservations, and we did, but it turned out to be unnecessary. At 9:30am we were the only customers in the restaurant, so the service was relatively quick. Only one other table wass eated while we were there. The food was excellent. I had the bananas foster french toast. My boyfriend had a ham and bacon omlette with roasted potatoes. The champagne was tasty, but the first couple of glasses were room temperature. It was finally chilled a bit by the time I got my third and final glass. I will say that my glass was never empty though, which is definitely a plus. The musicians didn't show up until we left around 10:30, so we missed out on the live music and instead were treated to an hour of thumping dubstep. Not that I was surprised, it's Scottsdale after all, but I had hoped for something a bit more breakfast-appropriate.Overall it was a good experience. I would come back again, but probably after 10:30 when the champagne is colder and the music is less dubsteppy.
3	Wanted to take cousin for "high tea," served between 12p and 4p, but Narcisse was closed when we arrived around 130'ish.  Checked online and found high tea is only served "by reservation only."  Shoot.  So, we ended up in Tanzy, instead.Will update soon, I hope!
4	I've been here a few times and like it more and more each time I go.  The place is uber swank and great for people watching.  The bubbles, food and service aren't bad either.I've been told this place turns into an over priced and over hyped club filled with hookers and douches at night, so I've never been (ok maybe once).  For the most part this place has only had the pleasure of my patronage during non-peak times.  My wife and I love sippin the bubbles here and there is really no other place quite like it in the area.Just recently I found a coupon on Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) for a $50 certificate for $25.  SOLD!  My wife and I went on a Friday evening for some Champagne and dinner.  The Champagne was good as always, the bruschetta was ok and the burger was excellent - especially the fries.  Overall I was very very surprised with the quality, presentation and taste of their food stuffs.  I would definitely eat there again.  The menu had several other items that looked excellent and I would try them all.Unfortunately when places start throwing deals up on coupon sites it means they are on the outs.  I really hope that isn't the case with Narcisse because it brings a level of uniqueness and character to the Quarter.
5	Friggin Fantastic.  If you read nothing more, that's all you need to know. In the event you want details, here they are.The decor is very hip and swanky.  Plush chairs/coaches and seating abound.  During the day it's a fantastic eatery, at night a club.  I have been here several times and each time the service is beyond fantastic.  They are very attentive and nice and you will never go without.The food. TO DIE FOR.  I have had the Brushetta (fig, and chicken salad are my favs) the bf had the Tenderloin omelet.  The chef had to apologize for a lack of mushrooms and compensated by extra tenderloin.  Who does that?  Only awesome places. We were there on a Saturday during brunch and did the $10 all you can drink bubbles.  This isn't your store bought generic bubbles either and we gladly polished off a bottle (or two but who is counting, they said bottomless).  Overall, it's a great place for food and drink and the people watching is an added bonus.
4	Expect to pay more for drinks in Scottsdale bars, but Narcisse has gone to new levels (and I'm not talking their second story location).During a daytime event I ordered a Malibu and coke.It came short with (lots of) ice, a shot of Malibu- $8  and maybe 4oz of Coke $4. Yes - they charged for the mixer. $4 for about 4 oz of coke? $12 for a short, not even top shelf drink? NEVER AGAIN!!!!! To ad insult to injury, the waitress was terrible.**UPDATE**Thanks to great their attention to detail and answering client's concerns so quickly, I'm changing my rating. Glad to hear the drinks are NOT supposed to be charged that way. Way to go Narcisse. I'll come again. Maybe order a beer this time.....:)
5	Narcisse is the perfect spot for a bit of bubbly on a lazy Sunday afternoon, or a sexy Friday night out on the town, or Tuesday lunch, or Wednesday dinner. Wait.. Bubbly is good anytime. Well whatever,The atmosphere morphs very easily from day to night because of the ambience of the space. The space is very white and airy, with lots of tables, comfy chairs and couches everywhere. They gave us the pick of the room and didn't try to rush us out even though they were closing down to reset for dinner service in 45 minutes. The food and cocktail menu looks great and I thoroughly enjoyed my freezing cold glass of Schramsberg Blanc de Blanc at a very reasonable $9 a glass. Would definitely return.
3	I love champagne, but it's not always the most economical choice drink-wise. That's why Narcisse Champagne Lounge's Sunday brunch is a pretty amazing deal, since it includes unlimited champagne for only $10 on Sunday's from 9 a.m.-6 p.m.When my friends and I came in at around 10:30 a.m., we were the only people in the bar and restaurant, which was surprising to me. We sipped champagne for about an hour and a half out on the patio before moving inside (the spot isn't getting misters on the patio until this winter), and then we ordered brunch. The brunch menu had a ton of options, ranging between $6-$14-very reasonable prices considering the chic atmosphere! If you're into omelettes, you're in luck-there were a lot of choices, as well as fare such as granola, sandwiches and breakfast burritos.I had the French toast ($10), which was different from any other kind I've had.It was a big brioche roll stuffed with a strawberry mascarpone filling, paired with some pieces of fruit. I thought the roll was too hard, and it didn't have a buttery taste built-in like I would have preferred. It had a nice presentation, though, and my friends' food also looked great. Though Narcisse wasn't as hopping as I had hoped (by noon, more people had filled the restaurant, though), the space was airy and relaxing and a very pretty place to brunch at. I love the glass bubbles that hang from the ceiling, I love all the natural light that shines through, and I love the big booths that give the restaurant a Vegas feel. And you cannot beat unlimited champagne for $10!
2	My friends and I went for Ladies Night, and when we showed up at 8pm the place was empty. We seated ourselves, and when we asked about the advertised specials for Ladies Night (advertised on their website), the waiter said, "Oh, I'm not sure, Ladies Night never took off."The waiter came and asked for last call around 9:15, 45 mins before they close. Perhaps that is why Ladies Night never took off--you only have time for one glass of champagne before it's last call. Also, the waiter started turning off the lights at 9:30. It was not a very welcoming experience, and I will be shocked if the place is around much longer.
2	I'll make this short and simple for those just doing a quick browse.Narcisse is all about the environment and the decor. The chandeliers, furniture, even the freaking bathroom, its all absolutely gorgeous. Its a place to have a fancy brunch and dress up in your Sunday best. The lighting is bright and happy and the live music (2 dudes playing acoustic songs) was just perfect.Unfortunately for me and you, that's where the positives end. The food is decent but overpriced at $12-14 for tiny eggs Benedict. They also have $10 bottomless bubbly 'but notice that they don't pour you actual champagne - aka its not french- the stuff we had was a Mexican brand, so be prepared to drink about 8 bottles yourself to break even on that deal.Food aside, my biggest issue with Narcisse was the server. For such a swanky place, it took waaaay to long to get any kind of service. I don't know if it was an under staffing issue, but our server (who apparently was also the bartender?) took about 30mins take our orders, another 40mins to get our food and a good 45mins just to give us our checks. It was a painful wait, especially since the restaurant was not packed (or even half full). Thankfully one of the other servers/bus boy passed by our table to fill our champagne as our actual server was nowhere to be found.short version: come for ambiance at the risk of incredibly slow service. Food is mediocre, champagne is Mexican and decor is fabulous.
2	I think this place is on its last legs.  I went there for a mom's night out and we were so disappointed.  I asked for one of my favorite champagnes (the Taittinger) and they did not have it.  OK, then he offered me another one which was good, I had it before, I didn't care the glass was $16.  When we asked for a food menu, our server told us they didn't have one since they were on a "limited summer menu", really??? Well, we had to ask what it consisted of.  It was a little bit of a joke.  Bruschetta, fries and potato skins,  really?  The other moms decided they were going to go to True Foods for dinner, but I didn't want to stay out too late since I had bootcamp at 5:30am.  I ordered the Bruschetta, it was a little sad.  I had a taste of each a couple of my girlfriends had a piece to taste, but we left 1/2 of it there.  At least I had a 20% off with my check in, so with tax and tip for one glass and the bruscheta I ended up paying $34.  I would have not minded if it was good and there was some ambiance.  There was only one other table with guests.  Too bad, because it is such a beautiful space.
2	Let me just start off by saying I'm from LA and consider myself a pretty social person, but I have NEVER been to a club quite like this...First of all, it is located in the middle of a shopping center and next to a movie theater and another bar/lounge.  Its very swanky looking inside and has great decor and a cool drink menu with a super friendly and attentive staff to match.  We were able to snag a table and take a look around and let me tell you, I did NOT like the crowd that I saw.  I have never seen a crowd like this and again, since I'm not from AZ, I don't want to insult people and try to stay respectful, but if you've seen "Jersey Shore", picture these people there.  I mean, I went to use the restroom and two girls were propped on the vanity with one of them unaware that her skirt was hiked up so high and she was so wasted, she didn't realize that her idea to go "commando" was now displayed for all of us who happened to be in the bathroom as well.  And again, trying to be respectful, let's just say that her friend was no better and sometimes random people don't need to hear your phone conversations.And just when I thought that was going to be the "highlight" of the evening, our group had to quickly high tail it out of there when we realized that security and the barbacks were freaking out because a woman had proceeded to vomit all over the booth and the floor.Being fair, the people that frequent the club and/or how they behave while there is no fault of the venue itself, but if these are the types of people that they attract then I HIGHLY recommend staying away for a while until they can improve on the clientele that they draw.  Bottom Line:Service: 5 starsAmbience: 4 starsDecor: 3.5 starsDrinks: 3 starsCleanliness: -2 starsActual quality of people in the place: -4 stars*FYI, I never give negative stars, but there are just no true ratings for what I experienced in that place.*
2	Dropped in spontaneously last Saturday when I was shopping in the Quarter just to see what it was all about. Since it was like 2 PM, the place was pretty dead, but the bartender and hostess were friendly - I had the "health conscious panini" (not sure about the actual name) and I have to say, the quality sucked ass. It tasted like they used wonder bread, and it was wayyyy too cheesy (it had tomato, avocado and goat cheese - the avocado was a teeny tiny slice on each half). When asked by the attentive bartender how the food was, I said "Well...the fries are okay". He didn't inquire further, though he had a great personality.I like the nouveau Belle Epoch interior. Most likely, though, I won't be back.
5	This place is super cute and relaxing. Prices are not too bad during happy hour and the food is tasty. I love to go here with a group of girls and just talk. There are many nice chairs and couches to just hang out on. The waitresses are very socialable and do not rush you. It can be quite crowded when an event is being help. This could be the place for a blind date if you are single and ready to mingle.
1	Absolute garbage. Food isn't there at all, cold, old, and over saturated with bell peppers. Service is nonexistent by both servers and management. This place really gives the Scottsdale quarter and the city of Scottsdale a bad name. Just let it go already and let another restaurant take over.
5	Fabulous place to go to on the weekends! Friday and Saturday nights are perfect... not too crowded, not dead either. Bartenders (only the guys though) are amazing. They take your order fast and fill up your drink with the more than expected liquor of choice. I singled out the male bartenders because the female bartenders are extremely moody and only pay attention to the guys... I would say that's normal but I've been to several lounges and that situation is nowhere near the case. The DJ plays great music; you'll see people of all age groups dancing to the same songs (Michael Jackson, Rihanna, etc.) and it's hilarious to watch the older crowd try to get down. The absolute BEST part about Narcisse is the free seating area. I don't think it gets better than that. There are couches, tables, and two outdoor seating areas (outside of VIP) that are for the general public. Besides the W, I don't know of any other place to offer that much seating room for free. 5 stars most definitely!
3	The good- Really cool looking place with nice seatingThe bad- They didn't have hypnotiq which was in one of their featured cocktailsThe ugly- The drink they suggested instead was so terrible. I sent it back
5	Here we go again, HOT SPOT! are you new in town and want a piece of AZ yo remember.  This is it. Great wines, champagne and the food is Delish! Give them a try you won't be disappointed.. Tell them Emoneyblue sent you...
5	Great upscale lounge has top notch jazz, service, and bar scene. Especially good if you are young and single.
4	Hubby and I had an opportunity to head out for some happy hour fun. I decided we should try Narcisse. We walked into the beautiful space and immediately felt the weekend was here! We decided to sit at the bar and get to know the place. We were happily surprised to find that Happy Hour included $5 champagne by the glass. It was Domaine St. Michelle, and tasted just fine. We ordered fried pickles (delicious) and the beef carpaccio, which was divine. We then asked the charming owner, Todd,
