5	Fat Tuesday! is there any better way to start your day in vegas other than by the pool with a cool drink from fat tuesday in hand? I think not!So really, this is probably one of the most reasonably priced cool, icy, drinks on the vegas strip.... and they have enough potency to really help you get your party started! I do recommend paying the extra $1 or $2 dollars for the added shot of everclear, I do not recommend drinking more than one of these a day.... trust me on this one. Also, if you can, save your cup for the nest day, you get a discount and it's perfect for smuggling other drinks to the pool area.Tip - mix the hurricane and the 191 for a tasty treat!
4	There are several Fat Tuesdays on the Strip:- there is one in the Stratosphere (where the stores are, above casino floor)-MGM Grand has one (my favorite because its in the MGM of course), you get to it very easy: its just down the escalators that take to the parking, these escalators are just aside from the main lobby, this Fat Tuesday is on the shooping floor of MGM-Caesars Palace has another one, just go to the Forum shops, and follow the signs that lead you to the "Show of Atlantis", its righh next to that attraction, just side by side also with the Cheesecake Factory restaurant-I also know of onw in the Aladdin, but never been to that one myselfDont know if I am missing any, this place has really good and cheap (cheap for vegas anyway) drinks, try the Jello-shots $2, and pay the extra $1 for the extra shot on your drinks, have fun!
5	This is a definite must go. Get a cool icy drink. Its a creeper so BEWARE. The extra shot will do you some good. LOL.
5	Not sure if they serve food or how it tastes, but you must spend a couple bucks to get the frozen margaritas.  Deliciousness!  Pick one up while you're strolling through Caesars Palace and see how much more fun shopping can be while sipping your tasty treat.
1	OK --- Fat Tuesday = Not a bar.It's where 7-11 employees graduate to. Seriously a monkey can pour an adult slurpee. This place is for amateurs.When you first turn 21...This is a good place. "yea I want some red....and purple....and blue.....and mix it with a little white. Oh and put a shot of malibu...""Yea and can I get one for my girlfriend too? She wants purple....with green...and red....and white. No shot of malibu. It's too strong"Baby steps....baby steps.....
5	Magnum 44: half octane 190, half hurricane. Add 3 shots of Everclear and you're set for the day.  Repeat for the evening/early morning and you're probably f**ked. Less than 20 bucks for this alcoholic goodness when you order their tallest carafe.
5	I cannot see how anyone does not love this place.  It is not trying to be something its not.  It serves one purpose and one purpose only, to get you handled and get you on your way.  Since the return of Vegas to the adults what more could you ask for then someplace that lets you carry lethal amounts of an alochol that is illegal in the other 49 states around a shopping mall?  Thanks to Fat Tuesdays I have been plastered while meeting both Dog the Bounty Hunter (Beth too) and Pete Rose (on seperate trips or course).  How many "bars" can have that honor?NOTE: This review is for the Ceaser Forum Shops Location (right in front of the ever so classy talking poseidon statue)
5	Drinking and shopping.  Shopping and drinking. Nothing to do but shop and drink.A yard of alcoholy, fruity slush: a Las Vegas tradition.
5	Who cares if it's not a bar?  It's good!  I love getting Fat Tuesday's and walking randomly around the Strip.  I usually hit up the one in the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Mall.  Walking around with Fat Tuesday's in a shopping mall makes me feel so classy.  Get a few extra 151 shots to your octane and then expect to have a good night.  The jello shots aren't bad either...
5	When you need to get rid of a hangover this is the place to do it.  Good  drinks that are strong and priced right for vegas.
5	My boyfriend and I went to fat tuesday... If you buy the cup you can get really cheap refillsssssss it so good the drinks are pretty strong and I love how they give you a shot toooooo
5	One of the first places I hit up when I arrive in vegas but beware.. ..I went here a day before my birthday with plans to stay up late and go out. However I went to fat tuesday instead, and had one of their slurpees with a shot of everclear in it, where you pull the test tube out (already a shot of everclear IN the slurpee). I ended up almost blacked out at the newly opened urban outfitters store, bought some betsey johnson jewelry, stumbled back to my hotel, passed out, and woke up on my birthday hungover and hardly able to party that night haha.But everything is yummy for alcoholic slurpees with shots. Just do it in moderation and your boyfriend will be happy to have the alcohol when you drag him along to go birthday shopping.
5	Yummy, fruity, tasty slushies with alcohol in them. Lots of it! What's not to like about that? Get that extra shot for $1; it's worth it. Save your sports bottle, giant hurricane cup or whatever tacky container you bought. Bring it back (to any of the locations) and you can refill it now for less $. After two of these, now get up and try to remember what you were going to do next. Better yet, try to walk, talk and remember at the same time!Fun place, a Vegas must-do in anyone's book.
4	My two girlfriends and I came here one Sunday afternoon and just started tasting all the different slushies they had! Okay...so we weren't courageous enough to try the Octane 130 or whatever number it was but the Bellini was yummy and so was the strawberry! The mudslide was also great!Jello shots are only $1! We tried the cherry bombs (2 for $1) and they were hella strong! Too strong for my taste!Great place for alcoholic slushies! They're also very inexpensive! So double yay!
5	The only real reason why I visit Vegas in the 1st place.  Drink of choice is of course The 190 Octane, highly recommended. It's like drinking Jamba Juice and boosts replaced with tubes of everclear. Believe me guys adding that extra shot will do it justright! I know it did for me :P So who's down for a random Vegas trip, i know i am!
5	Fat Tuesday's is one of the things I look forward to everytime I come to Vegas.  I love smoothies such as Strawberry Daquiris and Pina Coladas. Fat Tuesday offers a wide variety of fruit smoothies with alcohol in it, and they are all delicious!  The price varies by the size you get.  You can get sizes anywhere from a normal 16 oz cup, into a yard long cup.   Also, if you want to add extra shots to it, they're priced around $1.00 each.Just a couple of days ago, I was here and had a mix of the Strawberry Daquiri and Mango Daquiri with 4 extra shots of rum... mMmM delicious.  The best thing is, it tastes great, gets you buzzed while you're walking around Caesar's.    :-)Watch out though, it does make you feel very bloated, but it's worth it!
5	even though the 1/2 yardlong margarita is $15 or 17 bucks, it was SO good and did its job. i think the peach bellini is probably the best tasting one. i think this should be a tradition from now on every time i go to vegas ;)
5	Get drunk and shop! This location is in the Forum Shops at Caesar's. Alcoholic slurpees and jello shots=interesting buying decisions. Thankfully someone stopped me before I purchased the fuschia leather hot pants. So, bring a designated shopper with you and drink away!I recommend the 190 octane mixed with the hurricane...add 2 or 3 extra shots of rum or everclear.
4	190 Octane with 2 shots of Everclear in it will get you twisted fosho.  I swear to god, I'm pretty red and trashed after I finish one of these and it takes me about 30 minutes to finish the neck of the long neck souvenir cup, but around another hour and a half to kill all the drank in the base portion of the long neck cup.But this is a definite must for an afternoon out on the strip.  I don't think it's the best drink to have before going clubbing, cause it makes you more trashed vs. getting all hyphy, crunk, or whatever your area calls that mood you wanna be in when you hit up the clubs at night looking for some a(ss)ction.  But if you just had lunch, and wanna chill on a drank and hit up the pool or the hot tub, this is a great way to relax before passing out for a couple hours on a nap.Just be ready to have the cocaine lines ready once you wake up and shower before you hit up the clubs and the after hours spots.
5	The bartender here was seriously the happiest guy I have ever seen in my life. I loved him. So did my bf, which says a lot, considering it was another dude.Our drinks were masterfully blended. I completely forget what I got. I think it was a mango-rita. My bf got the octane mixed with something, and I wish I did too, cuz he was waaaaaaaasted! Definately get the extra shots, but remember to dump it in before it gets too low in the glass. cuz then you can't get the alcohol out of the shotglass, and you can't reach the glass, and you will have to walk back to the bar and ask the guy there how to get it out. And then he will tell you to try blowing through the straw to blow the alcohol out of the shotglass. And you will be walking through Planet Hollywood with a birthday tiara on blowing bubbles in your margarita.Priceless.And when it was done, my friend and I kept the cups (dicounted refills with them anyways!) and pured energy drink and Jager in them to make the biggest jagerblasters I have ever seen in my life. Enter playing Pai Gow for 3 hours.
5	*I'm reviewing the Mandalay Place location*I heard about this place from a friend, so I had to check it out. The server was very nice, he's from Thousand Oaks! Yay for 805!!! Anyways he recommended the most popular was the 190 Octane and Hurricane. So I had that and added a shot of everclear for $1 more. It came out to a $11.75 total. This drink not only tasted great...it gave me a nice little happy buzz. I highly recommend this!!! BEST $12 SPENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =)
5	Oh man oh man my friend took us to this place (the mandalay bay location). All we heard was about the cherries and the drinks so we went. Well all I can say nothing negative can come from this place except for the hangover you are going to get. The 190 and extra shot of everclear can just wipe you memory clean. To top it off the atomic cherries (cherries soaked in everclear) and the spongebobs (the pineapple pieces soaked in everclear) muching on them with your drinks can only just make for more mayhem. Best bang for your buck and just the way you want to start your vegas night.
5	first spot i hit after hotel checkin.. definitely a must at vegas!! not sure if they have the ones that hang around your neck though.. i'm usually good with those large ones already.
5	THANK YOU so much Fat Tuesday's everywhere!!  We bought our $9.95 mugs and got 7.95 daquaris for the rest of the trip!!  I think we hit almost all of them except the Stratosphere location!  And they're evenly placed so that when you run out as you're walking the strip in the heat - you look down at your mug and there it tells you where the next location is.  And usually by that point you're at another one or close by.  The one in Caesar's even gave us coupons for another $1 off our already discounted ones!  And yum to that Hurricane one!!  Most of these places daq are usually all fruityness and no alcohol, but WOW you can taste it in there!  A great Vegas find!
5	Luckily...imagine that..I mentioned luck in a review for a location in Vegas haha....anywho...luckily this place has ALWAYS been good to me.  In Vegas this past weekend a few friends and I decided to walk over to the nearest FT I knew of..which I thought was FT in Planet Hollywood (I was incorrect. Since we stayed at the Mirage the closest location was in Caesar's Forum Shops).  I grabbed a 190 Octane and Hurricane mix (add shot) in a tall mug and started sipping.  About 2 inches into my drink I was feeling FINE.  The bartender was a great help, offering different mixes to my friends.  A midnight kiss=Bellini and Strawberry mix=yummo.  Oh my gosh. The value is pretty great considering how hammered you can get just from tasting...and all of the containers come with lower priced refills, so KEEP THAT CUP!PS Just to give you an idea of the strength of these "drinks", yaknow, in case you questioned it....I drank about two inches worth of mine and announced that I needed to "Quickly slow down before I got too strunk" (I believe that was the word I used).  A friend of mine picked up a pair of undies (in Fredrick's) which were covered in the front and see thru lace in the back and announced that they were "Mullet Undies, cuz they're business in the front and party in the back"...yeah.  These are strong. xo
5	Order yourself a 190-Octane and get a little extra kicker of everclear. This giant evil slurpee will start out refreshing and delicious, and before you know it, Las Vegas will be spinning around you. Two of these had my parents questioning how they raised me. Well worth the investment!!
5	Mina T. and I came here since we were in Vegas on a Sunday night and of course the clubs there are DEAD and we wanted to enjoy our last night here!  So what do we do?!  We started our search for the yard long drinks!  We went to Paris because I knew they had some but the guy had told us they ran out!?!  Strange.... so we walked around asking people who had it where they got it! At first they kept telling us it was far... so we began to lose hope, but the last person, they told us to go to Fat Tuesday and it was literally in the same casino we were in at the moment.  We walked in our high heels in pain, and we finally found it!!! We walked up and it really was like a kid's dream come true with all the slushie looking machines except of course, it's not kid friendly at all!!I forgot what I got but I know it had pinapple in it.  We got the biggest yard long cup there and they guy proceeded to ask us if we wanted an extra shot since it was only $1.  So we said, "hell, why not!"  He was nice and gave us basically almost 2 shots! We left with $20 less in our pockets but we had a great memorable night in vegas!
5	If you can't get yourself to Mermaid's on Fremont Street, then this is the next best thing. I've visited the locations at Caesars Palace and Planet Hollywood so far. I'll be back next month to go to the one at MGM since that's where I'll be staying. It's pretty much the same items on the menu  for all of the locations. The strongest daquiris they serve are the Hurricane and 190 Octane. I wouldn't dare try it just by myself. It's definitely something you could share with friends, especially if you get it in one of the larger sizes that they offer. I settled for my usual 20 oz. strawberry and mango (they call it mangoberry) with no extra shot. Not like I really needed it. You do have the option of adding it, be it 151 or everclear, but in my case I figured  I'd be safe and skip it (not really a good idea when you're traveling with the family, know what I mean?!) Anyway, it was enough to give me the buzz that I wanted. Love this place!
4	We always bring our friends here when they come to visit Vegas. Nothing beats 190 octane with extra shot(s) - bonding time.
5	By far the best way to get shitty drunk without having your throat and insides burn.  A must on any trip to Vegas.  I have the 100 oz. cup that I'm sure to only make it halfway through before passing out on the sidewalk, but you better bet your ass I'm willing to pay to get it filled because its just too damn good.
5	Ahh, Fat Tuesday... the best way to start your day in Vegas. I like to do half 190 octane and half peach bellini with a floater of Everclear. Then hop on the monorail, get off at Bally's and be drunk by the time I walk outside trying to get to the Forum Shops to grab lunch.Good times.
5	after getting to vegas at 8 am, and sweating like crazy from the moment we got out of our air-conditioned car, i knew exactly where i wanted to go to cool off... fat tuesday for one of the half-yard drinks. unfortunately, we had to check into our room at the venetian first. after we settled in, i decided to down a few vodka gimlets (3 to be exact). in my drunken stupor, we walked from venetian to caesar's forum shops and ordered my boyfriend and i a couple half-yards of 190 octane... each. fabulous idea, at the moment. i was wasted after those 3 gimlets, but after that half-yard, i was done. if i do remember correctly, they were tasty, and deceiving! i felt that i was the never-ending drink. an hour later, my boyfriend and i were stumbling into the venetian for dinner, than stumbling back out to our room shortly after we ate. i completely passed out once i hit the bed, and i blame that on fat tuesday. hey, i needed my sleep, and this was probably the best sleep i've had in a while! thanks fat tuesday!
5	Gonna keep it short.Ever since I was 19, (I know, I was doing the dirtbag thing and drinking underage) I have set aside time in every Vegas trip just to come here for a 190 Octane. Super Awesome and Super worth your hard earned dollar....period.
4	WARNING!  Proceed with caution!If you're not used to the desert heat, pace yourself on these babies.  These drinks will not, no matter what anyone tells you, keep you hydrated.  Personally, I'm a fan of the 190 Octane and the Pina Colada.  If you're looking to get F***ed up, get the extra shot.  If you're just wanting to be pleasantly drunk as you stroll around, grab a good sized drink here and get a bottle of water to drink.
5	Best. Place. Ever.
4	Nothing gets you on a good buzz like downing a daquiri from Fat Tuesday. They didn't have Mango for my Mangoberry, so I settled for a Strawberry with no extra shot. As always, a great daquiri. It made watching the Olympics much more funnier, and my buzz lasted for a good hour.
4	These places are everywhere.  They even had one in the MGM where I was staying.  It's become a tradition to get a 190 Octane with an extra shot.  Nice way to start off your Vegas trip.
5	Belini and Mango with a couple extra shots! Heaven!
4	190 octane w/ and extra shot. yes please.not to mention 1 dollar jello shots.best way to start your day, cause by the time you head to the clubs you won't need much more to get completely tore up.only reason i subtracted a star is cause these yd long drinks caused me to do a lot of drunken shopping... =/only in vegas!
4	i can't say i had my own. i took sips of others, 3 different flavors to be exact and my oh my, BOMB!  Mango, YUMMMMMM TO MY BUMM.i'll go back and get one, it might make me hit the ground but i'm rollin' through the punches :)ps. i tried the chips, u know, the potato ones, ketchup flavored...oh god i fell in love with a CHIP!:)try em and HOLLR! =)
5	Dear Fat Tuesday,How are you? I miss you so much it hurts.  I think about you sooo so much.  That good tasting, thirst quenching, clumsily drunk feeling drives me crazy. I think I love you.Love,AthenaP.S.  190 Octane with the cute little test tube of everclear...the bottom is the yummiest and drunkest part!
5	I love going to this Fat Tuesday in Planet Hollywood!! When my friend and I have nothing to do, and just want to hang out  and have a drink or two w/o spending a lot of money...we go here. They have cheap drinks that taste good, which is hard to find these days. We always get the Hurricane w/ Octane mix. If I feel like living on the edge I'll get an extra shot in mine...but that's not often. lol The shots sneak up on you though. lol
4	Usually my first stop when I fly in to Vegas~ cheap(for Vegas) and fruity drinks always served with a nice smile! They had one at Planet Hollywood this time, too... I'll see you again next time, FT!!
4	$1 jello shots!!! yeah! 190 Octane and the other red one was really freaking strong!
5	If I had the choice, everyday and every night in vegas would be Fat Tuesday.  It's my friends' choice of pre-party drinks.... no matter what time of the day it is.  Just getting our usual orders with an extra shot of everclear in it knocks out half of our group.  One time at the Forum Shops, you could have seen a table of us just buzzed and knocked out at the lil' cafe in front of FAO Schwartz.Just remember to save your bottles/mugs so that you can get a cheaper refill for later.  And always substitute your extra shots with the $2 Everclear upgrade.
4	Soo yummy! For a person who isn't much of a drinker their drinks are gooooood. Their slushie flavored drinks definitely hits the spot during those hot vegas days. I had the strawberry, mango and it was awesome. I was surprised that I had no trouble finishing it. Not only are their drinks good but hello jello shots for $1! It was great, it was a little strong, but I can't complain.  I'll definitely come back during my next visit.
5	Well this is not the one I went to, but I don't think it really matters.  They have them all over the place now it looks like.  Have not been to Excalibur in a while, but ya THEY GOT ONE!  Bad ass drinks is all I can say.  Had a yard at 10 was good until like 2 in the morning.  Didn't get tossed or anything, but the buzz was damn good, I even got to finish the night with some Del Taco!
5	Im drunk just thinking about the place! it's short and sweet!
5	I LOVE Fat Tuesdays!!!!  You don't go to Vegas without going here and drinking your face off!  It's just what you do.....and for cheap!My favorite is the Pina Colada with the extra shots of Everclear or a half Ragin' Bull  half 190 Octane.  Either way... upgrade, upgrade, UPGRADE! Get those shots of Everclear and you'll be one lushy Vegas party goer who blacked out with great stories you'll get to piece together the next day!
5	Fat Tuesday is my favorite place to get a drink to walk around and get drunk with. I prefer the 44 Magnum, a mix of 190 Octane and Hurricane, with at least 4 extra everclear shots. My friends and I usually share 1 drink to 2 people and it works wonders. Highly recommended and a must have for every Vegas trip I take!
5	Started at Caesar's refilled at PH,  MGM and PH again.  The Epic Fat Tuesdays run started at 2 PM and ended in my hotel room at 11 PM.  190 Octane and Pina Colada switch halfway through but always at least 2 shots of everclear.  I cant believe i obliterated a Saturday night in vegas because i got super trashed Saturday day.  Somewhat bad, but I'd do it again.If you ever want to do Fat Tuesdays run,  you must have pictured to prove every stop of the way like we did.
4	Finally hit up the real deal Fat Tuesday last trip to Vegas... mmmmmmMMMMM good!  I got the mudslide which was a nice dessert to my fake pina colada I had before it and definitely killed the aftertaste of death.  They have a ton of flavors to choose from and they let you sample them while your slightly intoxicated self is trying to figure out what's going on.  Oh, and did I mention Jello shots?  Absolutely love those!!  They even offer an extra shot via Mad Scientist beaker for your frozen drinks!  From now on I'm sticking to Fat Tuesdays, no imitations... plus I have the souveneir cup now hehehe  Wait, doesn't that mean I get cheaper re-fills?  Vegas here I come!!
3	There's a good selection of frozen drink options here.  The 190 Octane was average, but the Bellini was disgusting.  It was super sweet and tasted waaaay too artificial.  The prices are very affordable and it's worth trying.  Next time, I'll get something else.
5	One of the reasons I ALWAYS stay at MGM is so that my beloved Fat Tuesday's is just a drunken fall away.  190 Octane and Hurricane together are great. Strawberry is great too. If you want a good buzz for little money, you can't go wrong here.ALWAYS get the added shots of everclear.Don't be an ass and drink more than 1..you'll end up with a puke rainbhow on your shoes.
4	This is me coherent before going to fat tuesdays"Hello!"This is me after a drink and the extra shot."Sppljdhdoydfsf"Fat Tuesdays is awesome. And not to bad of a way to get drunk and not spend and arm and leg. I recommend it if you have the following criteria;Someone lame is in your group.You have to see a show you don't likeYou have to do a time shareOr you realized gambling isn't all it cracked up to be and you need to strech the rest of the money you have.You think Pina Coladas should be in the food groupOr you're looking for a good timeTip Your Bartender! They are good to you!Also don't drink crazy fast. Those frozen drinks are killer.:)
5	oh fat tuesdays... how i loved you when i was living in vegas and going to school and you have continued your magical ways since then. you were always inexpensive, tasty, and you did the job without making me sick (most of the time). you will forever have a place in my heart.cheers
5	Holy shit, I never thought a couple of daiquiris would get me drunk.(P.S. I'm a raging alcoholic)
5	This is a vegas tradition thanks to their 190 Octane and the 151 shots. No Vegas trip will ever be complete now without a run to Fat Tuesdays for their yard, even if it is Winter. Sure beats paying $12 a cocktail, you'll never get toasted that way. I recommend the 190 Octane if you can do OJ, Hurricane 5 is their 151 concoction, but it's a bit bitter for my taste. And don't even think of stopping at La Salsa or Margaritaville, go strait to the Fat Tuesdays!
5	it helped me to do two things1) cool down with a slushee2) stumble 3 blocks down the stripi dont even remember what i had but i remember a few shots of whatever and then a glass of that stuff....good to gooo!!!
5	Ok so apparently Anne A. told me I never reviewed this place, but when I clicked on this link to review it, it said "update my review" instead. Thanks for looking Anne haha.I might as well reiterate what I said on my review for the Fat Tuesday's at Caesar's Palace, as well as on my first review:I'm gonna tell you something, and I'm only gonna tell you once. Don't get the Octane 190. Don't get the Hurricane. Get both. Yes both.Ok, so I was introduced to the Magnum 44 by my frat bros on a random trip to Vegas. Its a mix of Hurricane and Octane 190 with a shot of Everclear. According to my bros' standards, its supposed to be 3 shots, which I half enjoyed and half regret. If you're looking to get super trashed, this is THE drink to get. I would know, I had it twice in one day and I was sauced the entire afternoon/evening. 23 bucks in their tallest regular bong covers you.Because of Magnum 44 I stumbled into a jazz lounge at Bellagio and disrupted the ambiance talking nonsense at the top of my voice. Because of Magnum 44 I walked into the wrong hotel when I was trying to get back to my room. Because of Magnum 44 I threw up in the garbage can in front of the bathroom at MGM Grand and proceeded to finish in the bathroom like nothing happened. Because of Magnum 44 I blurted out in the taxi that I used to think 'this' was 'shit' backwards, but apparently my friend exclaimed that it was.Magnum 44 brings good times. I'll be in Vegas in a couple weeks. We will meet again soon Magnum. Cheerio.
5	OH MY GOD.  (sorry)190 octane + 1 shot of everclear + 1 shot of flavored something = Caesars palace spinning.It tastes good. Not great but good but who cares you're in Vegas! Uhhh The only thing I can say after leaving the fat tuesdays at Caesars palace is that I ended up at.. MGM trying to get into their pool? Eating a huge sandwich while laughing my ass off at 2pm then passing out by 7. (Yeh shutup I'm a light weight..) Anyways, wake up with little to no hang over and repeat....they should open one up around here..
5	OK my turn.I've gotten the usual here and also helped Loren John B. finish one of his Magnums. The rest of the day was spent inside of the hotel filling up the bathtub with soap and bubbles and then somehow making our way over from Paris to Ceasars.I then continued to purchase a calzone and when I checked my bill 2 months later it was a damn 15 dollar calzone. I don't remember that at all. In fact, I think I may have paid for the person behind me without my knowledge.Then, in the same food court, I stayed at the soda dispenser for 15 minutes filling my cup with water and dumping it over and over because the water looked brown. Finally, I gave up headed to the table of drunks and made my drunk BF go see if I was crazy. It was brown.Then, somehow, I managed to take a picture of my BF pointing at Toni Braxton's goods on the hotel and we got back to Paris. NO IDEA HOW I DID THIS. I remember when I was drunk at my BF's apartment and thought going up 3 flights of stairs was like hell. We ended up knocking out early and woke up to the other drunks stumbling in.No hang over! But still felt kind of gross.DRUNK!
5	Awesome! Sorta strong. Never really got me F*cked up like everyone says it does. But it does the job. warning it does fill you up, atleast a lot of places we went to eat didnt trip out that we were drinking it with our meals.
5	What hasn't already been said about this place? It is a MUST GO TO when I hit up Vegas! Always gets me started and you get refills for cheap! It even helps out when I have alcohol back in my room and want to make my own drink. My tummy might hurt a little bit but it's worth it. Make sure to get an extra shot too. I'll just be repeating what everyone else has said but I did notice that the Caeser's one is a one or two bucks more than the one between Luxor and Mandalay Bay. I'm going to Vegas tomorrow night and I am definitely hitting up Fat Tuesday!PS I can't remember what two specifics I usually get but it looks like a huge big stick (the popsicle) and it is DELICIOUS! Just ask the bartender I'm sure they will know.
5	love this place!! like all its one of those places you come out of feelin finnneeee!!! start off the night with a lil landy and youll be set : )
5	i made it my personal mission to visit them all in one day....EPIC. I only made it to about 4, i think, but it was the best day ever. i started at the stratosphere and ended at ceasers. i don't remember much about flavors, except they were tasty. i had a red bull one at ceasers! i do however remember that they charged more at ceasers. the bartender explained something about being a flagship store blah blah, but then he gave me a coupon for a free shot! it really was the best day ever! :)
5	Always  make it a mission to have one when in vegas! They do the job. Alway want to save the cups but never do..lol too lazy to carry them around VIVA FAT TUESDAYS! :-P
5	THE ORDER190 Octane + 2 shots 151YIIIPPPEEEEThis place is reasonable compared to eveyrone else        - Wanted: 1 touristy tall stein thing that everyone walks around w.         - Stoped at 1 place & they wanted $30 for it. Rediculouse.         - Thanks to yelp, remembered seeing this place.          $12 for my drink / souviner & $4 for xtra shots.           Now im happy, drunk, & thats a deal  :)BOOOOBrain freeze
4	We always come here for our yardsticks! recommended remember to keep your yardsticks after your done with them because its cheaper for a refill!
4	my friend and i went to las vegas over last winter break for two nights. the first night we were just wandering around the strip, when we found a fat tuesdays! it was cheap, tasty and it did the trick. soon enough my boyfriend and i were buzzin pretty well off of two yardsticks with an extra shot each! damage? $18 which is completely straight if you ask me.however, we didnt feel like carting around those cups, so we threw them away-- but next time im definitely getting one of those giant mugs filled  with octane ;]
5	Most awesomest drinks  ever! I got the 190 octane with an extra shot as many people recommended and was in love! A couple hours earlier I was at Fremont Street and went to Mermaids for a half yarder and a fried twinkie ;-) and the alcohol was WEAK!!!! My friend got a drink at the Lime Ice in Grand Canals the alcohol was yummy, but the alcohol was kinda weak in comparison.  I can't believe I called it a high octane when I ordered it duh.... I guess when I think of Octane I think of gas and it just kinda came out.  The bartender was funny tho because he said a lot of people call it the high octane too for some reason.P.S. Loved the test tube!!!!!!
5	Oh man...Gotta have a fat Tuesday Frosty drink with an extra shot of everclear or 151. Wanna get wired??...go to Fat tuesday...prices are good too.
5	Hands down , best bang for your buck in vegas to get a drink!!! there's a couple of them scattered around a few of the casinos on the strip. You buy a  souvenir cup and then get discounted refills the rest of the night. You can't go wrong with this place. FYI, they don't serve food. This is strickly the go to place to get your buzz on!!!
5	This place is bangin' in bright decorations and an upbeat, party atmosphere.The service is quick but helpful. It's usually at least semi-busy, and the staff is pouring out daiquiris like there's no tomorrow.The prices are also really reasonable compared to most even-quality and even-convenience bars in Las Vegas.I got a fruit-punch tasting slush drink with an extra shot in the one size below a yardstick. It was delicious, and with only a little bit of help, I managed to finish the whole thing. I wasn't falling all over my feet too much after, either, just slurring a lot.I wanted to go back for more, but my ride with the deuce prevented me from enjoying it during travel.I wish they had this place in California! I'd be all over it!
4	ordered it with a shot of everclear.  I split it with my friend and she told me to finish it.  What i didn't know was that all the everclear that was on top, was now at the bottom.  DID NOT TASTE SO GOOD.  this was on new years eve too and we had a table at revolution and drinks were free flowing on the table.  I did not touch anything but figi water that night. =*(  what a waste!! THE DRINKS HERE ARE DELICIOUS THOUGH! NEXT TIME, NO EXTRA SHOT FOR MY WEAKLING ASS.
5	My friend and I went here last night and discovered that the different locations on the strip have different flavors available. The one in MGM has Soco and lime and it is amazing! The staff is fun and friendly even though it gets busy. The drink prices are very good, especially compared to some of the other tourist trap drink locations. You can get discounted refills if you keep your cup or yard glass. And for one dollar extra you can add another shot to your drink, just remember to mix it in well because if you don't you'll get to the bottom of your slush and it'll be pure alcohol. Their drinks don't taste strong but of course you can add as many extra shots as you want and make them potent. I saw some guys get 5 EXTRA SHOTS in their big mugs. I'm sure they ended up passed out somewhere between slot machines later. We got pretty blitzed ourselves but ended up wandering for refills inside the Planet Hollywood location. I got Eye Candy which tastes like cotton candy and mixed it with Mango and got an extra shot of course! Warning, Eye Candy is too sweet after 5 minutes of it you will not want any more sugar, ever. I started to get sick due to taste bud overload but we somehow made it all the way to the location in Caesar's Palace. Oh lord. I couldn't do it. My friend was drunk and I just wanted to sleep on the benches. After eating at Cheescake Factory I felt better but Fat Tuesdays defeated me. The good news is I'm alive this morning and my wallet is thankful that I didn't spend too much. I would totally recommend this place to anyone looking for delicious drinks at a low price with a great atmosphere as a bonus. Also as you're walking around with your glass random people will give you props and cheers when they see you too have been to Fat Tuesdays. It's really fun and you'll meet some awesome people that way.
5	I've been coming to Vegas for several years and this place is a mandatory pit stop daily for me and my boys. Great place to pre-funk or hair of the dog. All it takes is a 32oz Hi-Octane. Personal favorite location is in the Planet Hollywood. They have tables to hang out and watch people watch you get wasted. Try the nuclear cherry bombs for 50 cents also and say bye to reality.
4	I love this place! I always make sure to stop in when I go to Vegas.  Cherry Bombs are NO JOKE! Love it!
4	I agree that this may be the cheapist drink experience next to gambling.  Yummy pina colada (20 oz for $8).  Ok, so no true coconut milk, but this is the middle of a mall.  The only downside is that everyone else knows about this place too, so long line.  Mall shopping is fun with drink in hand!
4	The people who started Fat Tuesday must have made it their personal mission to get every last man and woman in Las Vegas absolutely and completely hammered. They got these places set up all over the strip, with their slushie machines all lined up churning out drunkenness by the yard in all different flavors at an affordable price. But wait, there's more! For another dollar, they'll add a vial of Everclear just for good measure. They do offer refills for $8 for those who are still coherent or can still walk in a straight line after one.If getting smashed is on your list of things to do in Vegas, you might as well put going to Fat Tuesday right up there with it. You'll be killing two birds with one stone, or one daiquiri, so to speak.
4	So, we stumbled upon Fat Tuesday not really knowing what to expect. For me, personally, I'd been drinking Midori Sours all weekend. I just wanted a strawberry daiquiri. The guy was really nice. He told us we didn't have to stand in line and gave us all these different samples, which were of course too strong for me. I finally ended up still getting the strawberry daiquiri, which is what I'd wanted to begin with. It was so yummy! The only thing was that I got drunk before finishing it all. =(
5	Its a must to get a tall alchoholic beverage here, so you can walk around like all the other squarebutt tourist and soak up the sin in this city.
5	Haha. Another gem I found through Yelp! I just came back from a long weekend in Vegas. I made it a point to make a visit early on during my trip. I liked it so much I came back two more times. Two of those times I went to the one in Planet Hollywood. The dudes that worked there were really friendly, quick, and helpful. The third time was at Caesar's. Don't like the Caesar's one. The girl was kind of rude, and kept us waiting while she was chatting it up w/ her co-worker. Plus, she charged more for some reason. But that's my only complaint. At the PH location, we refilled the 28oz yard with 190 Octane and an extra shot. Paid $10. That's 8 shots for $10. Crazy good deal on the strip.
5	I used to go to this place often when I lived in Miami, so when I saw it in Vegas it just brought back such sweet memories....although after Fat Tuesday, I tend not to have too many memories. All I can say is, get the 190 octane. It tastes amazing, is the strongest, and if you want to get buzzed it's the best value for your money. If you're not too wussy, get the extra shot. Oh, and the bigger size the better. After all, you get to keep the glass so why not get a yard???You won't go wrong with this place. If you want a tasty drink that will get you smashed, you've found your place!
5	Peach Bellini = weak sauceOctane 191 = drunk as a skunkHurricane = skunk as a drunk You have to go to Fat Tuesdays when you go to Vegas. That's all there is to it. Just take it easy on the drinks; they will creep up on you. Don't drink from 10 am - 5 pm and then spend the entire night praying to the porcelain god. Seriously. Not fun.
5	Woohoo! By far, the best deal in VEGAS! HAHA...after spending $15+ a drink, it was refreshing to come to such a deal. My sister and I stopped here when we wandered into MGM. My sister said that she used to stop at one of these places when we lived in Baltimore. Now, it was only about noon, and I thought we would have a little slushy while walking around. We both got the 190 octane, because, well, I like orange. Plain and simple, that's why I picked it. I swear, I only got a quarter of the way into this slush and I'm starting to feel it. Needless to say, I was drunk by the end of it. It was the cheapest and quickest drunky in Vegas! If you need a break from the expensive drinks, try this!!!!!
4	Fat Tuesdays is a great drinking chain. There are a few along the strip. Each serves a great tasting jello-shot for a $1. The blended drinks are consistently the same: excellent flavors, full of alcohol and well worth the brain freezes!  If you purchase a souvenir cup you can get refills at a discount. If you drink as much as I do it is well worth the extra few dollars up front to keep you in an adult slushy world all week.
5	Fantastic place to get a drink before a night out on the town!!!!
5	Vegas wouldn't be the same without this place.  This place is definatly on the To Do List when my friends and I go to Vegas.  190 Octane with a shot of Everclear....the only way to roll.
4	I really enjoyed going to Fat Tuesday. It was a good deal I thought got the travel mug for $15.00 with the extra shot (190 Octane was awesome) and seriously about a half hour after I drank the drink I was fucked up. The room was spinning when I was in that casino playing.
5	My husband and I visited Fat Tuesday five times in our 4-day stay. We both bought the souvenir bubble pilsner for $11 and then every visit after that, it cost us just $8 to fill up.  We tried the Pina Colada, Margarita, Mudslide, Bellini, Cat 5 Hurricane and Eye Candy and all were great, though the Cat 5 Hurricane was definitely the strongest.  I'd drank it all just walking between Planet Hollywood and MGM and I was pretty buzzed by then! The extra shot is just $1 and definitely worth it.  Fat Tuesday definitely gives you your money's worth. Drinks half the size cost twice as much in regular bars so this was the way to go.
5	I got the 190 octane with an extra shot. It tasted PHENOMENAL, and i could barely taste the liquor. I had already tossed back a couple shots doubting the true strength of this bad boy, thinking you are all pussies, but this put me and my buddies completely on our asses. We were doing backflips off of fire hydrants and having sword fights with our left over yard sticks which were then destroyed. I went to the MGM one, and holy god, at the price you pay, i would have to agree it is the best bang for your buck in Vegas in terms of liquor. The bartender was super friendly as well. Holy shit, when you "unplug" that extra shot, be prepared to go to Shwastyville.Easily my go-to spot now when I'm in Vegas and wanting to get belligerent.
5	Had the greatest time, we danced, drank, laughed our butts off, and drank! The best was the entertainment they had this group that was AMAZING!!!! I have never seen such talent! and they were super cool, we had a pretty large crew (32) to be exact =) and they were super accomodating!!!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!My favorite of all time....190 Octane with 4 shots of Everclear. I was beyond drunk with this one! I got so wasted that I ended up calling my poor husband (who was at home working back in the Bay Area) which I had a conversation with his BOSS before speaking with him. Next, I proceeded to throw up all over what was then the Aladdin. On our way back to my friend's mom's house I threw up in my friends souveniur bag.Good times...love them drinks!!!!
5	I'll just say that it was the BEST $14 I've spend for alcohol in Vegas. It's so worth it. This collection of frozen daiquiri goodness is a most have. The 44oz is the way to go and if you really need an extra boost, each extra shot of rum is only $1. I added two in mine. I really needed it. There is no sharing people!!! Since it's Vegas, you can walk around the strip carrying it all day... if it lasts you that long. Mine was gone in about 2 hours. It was really hot that day ; ). There's about 8 different flavors and you can mix and match to create your own alcoholic slushy. My favorite is Mango, Bellini, and Strawberry. You're welcome to try samples before you have to choose your flavors. Fat Tuesday is a most do while in Sin City. There are abour 3 different locations too so it's really easy to find.
5	I got the Strawberry Daiquiri for $15 with the extra shot and I gotta say, that was probably the best deal for a drink that I can ever remember. The drink itself was amazingly good and it was awesome to walk along the strip. Anyway, I highly recommend this place if you are looking to drink in Las Vegas.
5	190 Octane  with 3 shots of everclear....  WHOOOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOO!  What a way to meet Jesus!
4	My first stop in Vegas. It's tradition, it's classic, it's a must-do! A sure way to get your buzz going, especially with the extra shot. Also great and conveniently shaped for carrying around and keeping you cool on a hot day. But I can't help wondering what the landfills serving the strip look like. They must be poking out of the trash piles all over the place. Can't we get some recycling receptacles? Do they not have recycling in NV? Well if you remember to, you can keep your 'yard long' for next time, you even get a couple bucks off!
5	Fat Tuesday is my all time favorite whenever i am in vegas the last time i was here is new year eve this place is the shit  they have all diffrent kinds of mixture drinks here ,  But my favorite is Octane 190 and the Bahama Mama and yeah they have Magarita  Slurpee  this place is  absolutely a 5 star  i wish they could have one in my area . THUMPS UP FAT TUESDAY
4	Fat Tuesday is my key to Vegas.  Just pull your ass up to any of the various branches of this blended beverage boozery, and fill up your KEY.  You can get a KEY in any various shape or size from 16 oz to like the YARD, which is like 100 something oz.  I can't count that high anyway.  I usually get the HIGH Octane which is like some orangish everclear mixture with 1 to 3 extra shots.  It keeps me in la la heaven as I stumble around gawkin at people and flinging money everywhere.  Yes I love Vegas and Fat Tuesday helps me live through it.
4	A great place to kickstart your night. Head up to the bar, order a 190 octane (extra shot of everclear on top, of course) and for $10, you're good to ride. It's a ritual in Vegas for me, I'd suggest you start doing it, too. Watch out for the bran freeze.
5	When in Vegas, you gotta get a big ass margarita.  Where at?  Fat Tuesday, of course!  I went to Vegas to see Britney at the MGM Garden Arena (which was awesome!) and my friend and I had to stop at Fat Tuesday because well, we wanted to get hammered!!  We both ended up getting the second longest tube for $11 each.  The bartender said it was the best deal.  Refills are only 8 bucks!  I filled mine up with Strawberry Daiquiri and 190 Octane, which was probably the strongest tasting blended drink I have ever had in my life!  An add shot for $1?  Sure, why not?!  By the time I was done with my drink, I was stumbling around the strip in my heels.. Drink your calories at Fat Tuesday!
5	i love this place i got wasted there ounce i just stayed at the bar.the bar tender was a real cool guy kept selling me pineapple soaked in everclear. i was gone . i must have sent 100 bucks just there in those 30 minutes. i was such in a great mood i was buying stuff for people walking up there. most fun i ever had at a stand
5	Cat5 and 190 Octane mix is the way to go!!! Get that mix if you plan on getting ur booze on and add a shot for a buck while ur at it! My husband I recently got hitched and chilled the day after and walked from Excalibur to Stratosphere. We filled up a few times along the way at Cesars, Planet Hollywood and Stratosphere...best deal! Oh and the Cesars location had Redbull Vodka flavor...totally tasted like it! This place is off the hook! They got a few locations along the strip and give you a discount on refills...best deal on drinks by far!
5	Man $1 jello shots were fantastic. They treat you good there...always in a good mood, always happy and you should go with any recommendation they give you. We always try to hit up Fat Tuesdays when we are in LV.
5	Vegas ain't Vegas until you've had a FAT-ASS margarita.  Where to get drunk cheap and quick without the mile-long wait and the exorbitant prices?!FAT TUESDAY!Not only are the drinks strong and delish, the service was fan-freaking-tastic.  I literally "sampled" every single margarita on the menu and the bartender kept it coming with suggestions and a smile.  That's pretty awesome considering I was with 6 others doing the same =/ I finally settled on the popular yard long strawberry & mango margarita mix + 2 additional vodka shots.happyHAPPYhappyHAPPYhappyHAPPYhappyHAPPYhappyHAPPYhappyHAPPYhappy
5	Great place for a cheap drink.  With the prices of all of the other places in Vegas charging so much for alcohol, this is a nice haven.1 shot of Everclear?  Why, thank you sir may I have another?This got me decently buzzed.........I was buzzed enough to get down to the Paris and in my anger of crowds bumping into me and cussing at me.....I threw my left hand up, tucked my right arm in, kicked my right leg back and yelled out "HEISMAN!"  I barged forward even though my girlfriend was yelling at me "BRIAN, STOP, DON'T!" Seconds later I realized I had barged through a newlywed Husband and Wife and their entire entourage.  I was informed by my girlfriend they were laughing about it but clearly the g/f was amused and embarassed at the same time.Thank you Fat Tuesday, you have provided me with a priceless memory!
4	i cant tell if this is the one inside miracle mile shops but that is the one we went to.  basically slurpees with alcohol.  they put 151 or grain alcohol in most of their concoctions.  you can mix and match.  you can also add shots for $1.  and refills are a couple bucks less than what you got the drink for.we got 2 $1 jello shots.  and then 190 octane and hurricane.  the 190 octane one is pretty good.  the mango one is too.  they have other lighter ones like peach bellini
5	Vegas = Tall margaritasIt's been a tradition ever since I first came to Vegas - Go to Fat Tuesday to grab one of these tall margaritas and walk the strip.They have tons of yummy flavors (my fav is the strawberry) and you can even add extra shots on top if you really want to get the party started.One of these days, I will have to get the yard long margaritas so I can take a picture with it.
5	It's 3pm. It's too early to start predrinking for a night of debauchery and crazy stories at Tao / XS, followed by finding yourself in the middle of the dessert clutching your wallet as you're somehow ____ with ____ while ___ did ____. Fill in the blanks, for 90% of you it's prob just go club and sleep, but Fat Tuesday can help make those blanks much more climatic and insane. Octane Mango w/1 shot Everclear. That's the combo. The workers are really nice there (tip them ahead of time) and they'll hook it up with sample after sample so you can find your right combo, and I got a free jello shot and an extra cup. Just be careful, these margaritas are creepers. Now have fun walking to the pool buzzed and ready to talk to strangers.
5	I was  told Fat Tuesday has the best slushy margaritas, and they were right! i didn't get the yard, but the sports bottle and that was quite enough! I recommend ordering extra shots, but of Grey Goose,,,service is fast and bartenders are friendly :)
5	WE ALWAYS STOP HERE FIRST WHEN THE PLANE LANDS.  some people find it really sweet.  there are so many different flavors and they do let you try each one.  save your cup and you get 3 dollars off.  There is one located in MGM Grand,  Planet Hollywood, The Stratosphere,  and one more place..i cant remember!!  surprise  surprise.  I get the 190 octane and the Hurricane mix.  what i know is this.  if you want to have a great buzz and have a cool drink in the hot sun visit my Friends at fat tuesday..  They will want to help you with that!!!  BEWARE OF IMPOSTORS. IF IT DOESNT SAY FAT TUESDAYS WALK  AWAY!oh yeah and the guy who said he got his credit card stolen here... weird and i dont think it was fat tuesday that did that. maybe after he drank this, he forgot what he did with his card.  IT HAPPENS
5	this place is the tits!!!   i got the 190 octance with 2 shots of everclear. wow i was on a good one when i got to tao beach. for 14 bucks it is totally worth it.
5	Survey says "5 Stars across the boards".This place was my first stop upon touching down to Sin City. It was frozen alcoholic heaven with about 8 strong drink concoctions going at once. I opted for the "big girl" drink, the 180 Octane with an extra shot. My boyfriend got the Cat. 5 Hurricane with an extra shot. There are several sizes to choose from a huge big glup-type container to a regular 16 oz cup size. We went for the in-betweener the tube-like drink container, which was more than enough to get to the almost drunk level.If you are staying at the MGM, like we did, then make a quick pit stop to Fat Tuesday. It is located downstairs, just do down the elevator that is located to the right of the front lobby and follow the sweet sound of the frozen alcoholic machines.
5	$11 for a hurricane almost half-yard? What a steal! Only $1 for an extra shot of 151? Please sir, can I have some more? The bartenders were friendly. You get a good amount of alcohol for your money spent. I'm pretty sure my hurricane led to my memory loss Sunday night.
3	Sorry but Fat Tuesdays is not my favorite anymore...To come into a Fat Tuesdays and see an unorganized line with a bunch of people paying for drinks that arent icy and slushy at ALL! And the fact is you guys charge us the regular price for it too, just sucked we said okay ordering one because we walked all the way from Mirage. We ordered the Mango one, and lets just say it wasnt that good.  Maybe I just went on a bad day but the fact is they flavors are kind of like what you're in college and you mix whatever chaser you have with the nasty ass alcohol your friend brought over.I'd rather get my drink at Rhumbar. Maybe I'll give you another chance, when I go back to Vegas.
4	1. Almost no lines2. $11 dollars for a half yard3. Awesome flavors 4. Free samples for the indecisive5. An extra shot for only a dollarTIP#1: For The Flavor-LoversIf you're the type who wants to get the drink to enjoy the flavor, get the Bellini (peach) or Eye Candy. They're super sweet and very reminiscent of jamba juice.TIP#2: For the AlkiesIf you want to get smashed or at least a little tipsy, get the High Octane or Hurricane with an extra shot to get the job done. Don't worry, it tastes a lot better the further down you get.TIP#3: If You Get the Extra Shot......I advise that you lift it up a little and empty some out while mixing. If you don't, the alcohol (in my case it was 151) will all settle at the bottom and you won't want to go on any further. TIP#4: For the SUPER Alkies, Such as MyselfTry it when it's hot in the day, they're amazing in the 101 degree heat...until the alcohol makes you all warm. Then go inside.HAPPY MARGARITA CONSUMING!
4	These drinks will get you FUCCCCCKED up!!! What better way to be in Vegas?!?
5	This is the ultimate mid-day or pre-game spot!  I've never had a bad drink from Fat Tuesday.  It has become a Las Vegas Staple for me.  I prefer the Planet Hollywood and MGM locations.  But, it's whatever, I'm not turning down a drink from any location.  It will be the best $9 investment you make in Vegas, HANDDDSSS DOWNNNN!!!I LOVE YOU FAT TUESDAY!
5	A night out on the town is not complete until you go to Fat Tuesday!Saw the reviews for this place and decided I had to see what all the 4 and 5 start fuss was about... and the review are correct, this place is awesome and makes strong ass drinks!I was with 3 other of my girls and it was just around 1am, so it was a bit quieter than a club or bar, but we still had a great time. The Bachelorette was dressed up (complete with veil and sash) so the bartender threw in whip cream shots, jello shots, and made her lick whip cream everywhere! It was awesome, and great photos!I got the Bellini, and it was bomb! I got a half yard ($11) of it, and an extra shot of rum on top... for only $1 more!!!  My girl got a Screwdriver, which he used both vodka aaannnnddddd everclear in the mix of OJ.... she got fffuuuccccckkkkeeeeedddd up! I'm very happy my friend Mel found this place and showed me the reviews! Score one for the Yelpers!!
5	you cant go wrong with 44 oz's of liquid gold hahaha. Mango is always a winner with 4 shot vials is a must.  Price is alot better when you bring in your cup from a previous outing to the FT. Margaritas a sleepers and i love it
5	i would put more stars if i could...i live and breathe for this place!
5	What Vegas trip is complete if you don't stop into Fat Tuesday?! Certainly not mine...I stopped into this joint (the one @ miracle mile shops) and was not disappointed. The young lady helping us gave us samples, and even mixed up a special combo (pina colada and strawberry?)...whatever it was it was delicious...extra shot for a dollar...yes please!Whether its in Miami or Vegas I love Fat Tuesday. Period.
4	Great reviews for this Fat Tuesday simply because the bartender was so nice and awesome. I told him that typically these drinks are either too strong for me or tastes too much like artificialness and is gross and leaves a bad after taste. I told him I liked things of the more citrus nature and they didn't really have that at the counter.However, gave me a few samples and judging on my reaction, he mixed two of his favorites together and created an awesome drink which got me a good buzz going for the rest of the night! Pretty awesome for an $11 drink where most of Vegas asks for $8 for a small shot. Fantastic.
4	If you want to get a strong drink for cheaper than the club you are probably heading out to... Fat Tuesdays would be the place to do it! Honestly, when you look at the prices, they look expensive, but if you consider the size you're getting and the price of any drink at a bar in Vegas, you'll agree that this place is super reasonable. These drinks are frozen and last awhile, are SO good, and the service is always quick! I love the bartenders, they are hilarious and helpful. Samples are free! For those who do not know... its larger than some stand in the middle of the hotel hallway, but there is usually only like 10-15 seats. Its just a small bar.  The drinks are tasty and, given that their signature dirnk (190 Octance) contains Everclear, which is highly effective if your objective is to get a good 'buzz'. There are many locations on the Strip, so be sure to stop by before you begin your night so you don't have to pay exorbitant drink prices at the club. Cheers!
4	I was told that we MUST try the 190 octane margarita here.  So we walked over from TI in search of this super margarita.  What they lack in taste (reminded me a little of Vicks 44)  these puppies make up for in sure fire power.  I was wimpy, I filled my half yd glass with half 190 octane and half strawberry margarita with an extra shot. That was a fun afternoon.
4	Fat Tuesday, this is the place to be every time we're in Vegas.  To get the day started, we always get the 190 Octane with a shot.  Learned the hard way, but always open the cap after a cup sips and pull up the tube and mix the shot in then.  If you wait, you'll have a nice surprise at the end of your drink, a nice full shot.  Well worth the price and never fails me when I need to get started in the alcohol consumption in Vegas.
1	all you silly tourists need to step away from the slurpee machine. The line is annoying to pass on the way to REAL bars.ps we all talk shit how stupid you look with the big plastic cup strapped to you. Iowa misses you, go back home.
5	FAT TUESDAY IS THE FUCKING BUSINESS!!Me and a couple of friends were searching for a good drink that weren't 20$ a pop and by surprise we actually found what we were looking for and for only 11$!! 190 0ctane is fiya && an extra shot for 1dollar makes it even better! SO IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A DRINK TO PUT YOU WHERE YOU NEED TO BE THEN FAT TUESDAY IS WHERE U NEED TO GO!!! i was on 190 octane 2days strait like it was my gas!!p.s  i was sos in love that when i got back to my hometown i searched for the nearest fat tuesday to me lol... no luck : /
3	If you really desire a sugar rush followed by a severe headache Fat Tuesday will grant you your wish.  $1 jello shots were amusing and three of us decided to get/share a 32oz. travel mug of the cat 9 hurricane mixed with pineapple amaretto with an added shot(tasted delicious but we barely finished half due to the overbearing amount of sugar).  The "bartender" was very sweet and gave us assorted samples to help us pick out what we wanted.  Worth doing once but if you like alcohol not just for it's drunkening effects, perhaps this is not for you.
4	To be frank, I don't give a shit how touristy I looked, dragging a half-yard of sugary, frozen Fat Tuesday goodness everywhere I went. I also didn't mind the migraine or ensuing hangover-while-still-conscious. The fact that I intentionally avoid super-sweet drinks in unnatural colors? Didn't even bat an eyelash. Why? Because Fat Tuesday is the purveyor of boozey Jesus in plastic glassware, 190 Octane with an extra shot that doesn't even taste like alcohol, sugar wishes and trashier dreams.Remove the britches that are strangling your big ol' fashion-conscious, I-only-drink-obscure-cocktails-and-laugh-at-things-without-elderflower-liqueur ass. No one is too classy to regurgitate a hundred ounces of pineapple flavored goo all over a penny slot. At ten AM.
4	Everytime I'm in Vegas, I need me some FAT TUESDAY! A half yard with strawberry margarita or pina colada with an extra shot please. If you like sweet drinks then this place is to try. The drink isn't strong, but it tastes really good. It's everywhere on the strip.
4	I love Fat Tuesdays and every time I am in Vegas visiting I always stop by at least once. I see there are a few people who are bitter about this but maybe they should go to a dive bar somewhere far far away from the strip where tourists and locals alike come to have fun! Back to Fat Tuesdays, my friend showed me this place a while back and I gotta say it's worth lookin like a total dork holding you giant plastic jug of "Midnight Kiss" with an add shot of everclear teehee! by the end of it this sneaky little drink has you feeling good plus the bar where are the machines are really cool and you can make any combination you want! I would recommend taking pepcid or tums if you have heart burn like me or you will potentially get gut rot but don't worry its worth it!
5	This has always been a "must-go" kinda place for me and my friends when we're in Vegas.  The one at the MGM was the original one we used to always go to but now they're almost at all the hotels it seems.  It's usually the 190 Octane or Hurricane with 2 extra shots of everclear.  Does the job, especially in the summer time.  If you think i look "touristy" go to hell, i'm having more fun than you anyway.
5	12 or 16 ouncer, 2 or 3 extra shots, thats all u need...The big yards are a little pointless to me, they get so damned watery near the end, unless you drink em fast, then u get brain freeze... i always go small size with extra shotsbartenders are always cool, ive never waited more then a few minutes for a drink
5	I love this place! Who could hate a cold 48 oz slushy in the hot ass desert. And o yeah there is a crap load of booze in it!I ordered a special concoction called the magnum 44. it was half hurricane and half 190 octane. then of course you have to get the extra shots for a buck.i went from sober to doing my own karoke singing drift away down the strip!recommend to everyone. it became my multi daily stop
5	Wow. Really?! Who gives a f**k if we look like tourists carrying these Fat Tuesdays around?! It only looks stupid for the people who live in Vegas anyway, and must suck for you guys too since you can't stay at the lavish hotels like we can.  And yeah, we may be all over that 'Adult Slurpee' machine but Vegas is an 'Adult Playground' so the two go hand in hand.So with that said, Fat Tuesdays ARE THE BUSINESS. They are perfect for when you want to get your drink on during the daytime yet don't want to pass out and miss out on the night's festivities.  It's fun to carry around and if you finish it and return with the bottle, the refill is a dollar or two less I believe.  My favorite flavor is the strawberry mixed with mango.  It not only tastes amazing but looks amazing too. =) It's a must for any Vegas trip!
5	Alright, the reviews do not lie.I've been to Vegas several times, and like a tourist always have to get those stupid cups with the frozen concoction while walking around.I've been to several places, several cups, plenty of different drinks, but never went to Fat Tuesdays.. until now.Believe the hype, if you want to get your tourist on, go here.You definitely want to start of your Vegas trip right? Get that 190 Octane and an extra shot for only $1 more. I mean how are you going to pass up another shot for only ONE MORE DOLLAR?! Unless your a pussy--cat?Also keep your cup, just get a refill and you save $2.I also tried the Mudslide flavor. It's more of a dessert flavor, you definitely need that extra shot in that flavor.Don't settle for anything else, you can't be walking around being tourist unless you have a Fat Tuesday cup.
5	I refuse to leave the city of Las Vegas w/out having a peach Bellini from Fat Tuesday's (w/an extra shot of peach schnapps... and an extra shot of rum)! Mark my words, it is the most refreshing alcoholic beverage you will ever have! Pretty inexpensive to begin with, you can add shots of alcohol to your drink at a dollar a piece. And, if you save your cup you can get re-fills at a much lower cost. Dollar jello shots are also available for purchase. I absolutely insist you try Fat Tuesday's. You can find one at the shops at Mandalay Bay, Cesar's Palace, and Planet Hollywood (all on the strip).
5	My bf and I each got the 1/2 yard + extra shot of 190 Octane (they use 153 proof vodka now, no longer 190 proof Everclear) and had that for dinner.  How can I describe it?  Orangey, slushy, deceptively potent.  We went from "hmm, I think we should get another" to...well, have you seen The Hangover?  Hi Senor Chang!  (Community reference.)  Anyway, pace yourself when you drink these things.  And, you totally get your $$ worth.  (I don't trust anywhere else for fear of getting watered down drinks.  Trust me.  These things are NOT watered down.  I can definitely handle my alcohol and this drink did the trick!)
5	BIG FAN OF THIS PLACE!We were staying in the MGM Grand and so for us every night began with a trip downstairs to Fat Tuesdays to pick up our slushee.Yeah they're touristy, yeah they're kinda obnoxious looking but hey, I'm not sure where else you can get that much bang for your buck. I was a big fan of the Hurricane and High Octane mix, oh and please do throw an extra shot in there for $1. So nice of you to offer!They made my legs wobble a little. Good times.
2	Its a margarita store inside a mall... not that cool.  Go and do something else in vegas.
5	Okay here's the thing about Fat Tuesday. You get a giant margarita or other alcoholic slushee, in a souvenir cup, to lug around with you as you spend hours walking around the strip realizing its WAY bigger than it looked on tv. Everyone has to get a fat tuesday drink at least once while in town, I think it's actually a law. When it's like 90 degrees in the middle of the desert, there's really nothing better. I came to Vegas for my 21st, and this was the first thing I drank (illegally at least, I didn't get carded at the comedy club a few hours earlier...) They also have jello shots, but just say NO. They taste like cherry cough syrup that has been lit on fire. Needless to say I felt so sick the next day.And for the reviewers who are complaning about how only annoying tourists get drinks from here, well YEAH. It's LAS VEGAS. It's a TOURIST TOWN. If you don't want to deal with annoying tourists who are excited they don't have to abide by an open container law, then MOVE. Duh.
5	"Extra shot for $1?""Of course!""Two extra shots for $2?""Hmm..."Seriously...what's not to love about Fat Tuesday? I love their fun cups (if you can even call them "cups"), I love their yummy frozen concoctions, and I love the fact that the bartenders are always friendly and social, even if there are a billion people in line. Fat Tuesday pretty much embodies the spirit of Vegas. There are always a dozen or so intoxicated Vegas-ers hanging around, regardless of the time. When I think of daytime drinking, a yard of 190 Octane is the first thing that pops into my mind. (I've found that it's also the perfect hangover cure!) Thanks, Fat Tuesday, for making Vegas that much more fun!
5	Took 2 of my friends to Fat Tuesday's for the first time this weekend and ordered for them my usual (the peach Bellini w/the extra shots). They loved it! No lie, best drink in Vegas!
5	This is our vegas fuel! We get a yard of this and we're set for a couple of hours until the alcohol wears off. This is one of the cheaper frozen alcoholic drinks that you can get in vegas. The flavors are excellent and of course you can't beat the extra shot for $1 more! I always get octane one and mango, but I've recently added hurricane to the mix as well. They also have jello shots, which i have yet to try. It's a slice of heaven in sin city!
5	Oh God Fat Tuesdays.Best place to get a yard long drink!  I come back here EVERY time I come into Vegas.Highly suggest the strawberry, pina colada, eye candy, and belinni.Yardlong is about $11 and you can get a couple of bucks off if you reuse your yard long thing for a 2nd/3rd/4th yardlong lol.$1 for an extra shot, although there is enough alcohol for me in just one itself.  Check out the one also in the MGM.
5	I don't remember buying one.I think it was my friend that bought one.All I remember was that a yard long alcoholic smoothie (190 Octane) with extra shots of Everclear = A FUN FUN NIGHT.'Nuff said.
3	went to the Fat Tuesday in the Forum shops at Caesar's palace. I had 25% Cat 5 Hurricane mixed with 75 percent  Octane 190 since they ran outta the Cat 5 with a shot of 151. I only drank  1/4 of the drink because I was feeling bloated with so much liquid and I got the smallest cup there was too.. The drink is yummy, but not strong.
5	helloooo tall alcoholic drink!yippe my first one ever!got the yard long i think of the cat 5 hurricane, fruit punch and 151. wonderful!strong and got me buzzed.  will try another next time!
5	Trust me on this one... if you want to make your first drink your last drink that you remember, get a 190 Octane with an extra shot of Everclear. 190 Octane gets its name from the 190 proof alcohol they use in it (meaning 95% alcohol by volume... to put it in perspective, Bacaradi 151 is only 151 proof or 75.5% alcohol). The extra shots aren't a full shot glass (they come in smaller vials), but for the price of only $1 each, why not splurge and get 2 (or 3)?
5	Instructions for having a good time in Vegas:Step 1: Order a 28oz mixture of 190 Octane and Cat 5 Hurricane + an extra shot..Step 2: If step 1 was not enough, order a 28oz 190 Octane + an extra shot, finish within 30min and try to piece the night together from broken memories and embarrassing pictures/video..Good luck!
5	Best place ever invented!! I actually found out about this place from yelp and I want to personally recommend this place to everyone!! So when I went I got jello shots which were only a dollar and I got this fruity drink that was mixed with rum and I paid a few extra dollars for an extra shot. My girls and I were like yuum so tasty only to be completely trashed from sucking it down so fast can we say lession learned??
5	Always the way to begin your trip to Vegas.  190 octane or a hurricane...both are delicious, but I haven't tried them together...that will be my next mission.  Always get the extra shot...so worth it.  Jello shots are fun, too.  If it is kind of slow, they will make you take it with no hands and whipped cream.  So, yay for fun bartenders.  Summer is on it's way, kids...so enjoy yourself some blended goodness.
4	My friend and I like to play "tourist" sometimes, so we decided to hit up Fat Tuesday for poos and giggles.It's what you pay for: A mega-strong daiquiri of your flavor choice.  If you want to get a little blotto really quickly, here's your solution.My last outing was an entertaining one as it was a slow day, and once we got our drinks, the bartender asked if we wouldn't mind staying around and talking since it's been a slow day and he'd appreciate the company.When someone comes at you with a sincere, honest request like that, you'd have to have a heart of stone to say "no".  So sure enough, we hung around, talked about a some upcoming local events, and even cracked a few jokes.  It was a good time, and how can you not be in a good mood with enough boozage in you to power a small machine?The answer?  Not freaking likely.
5	I always begin my vacation in Vegas with Fat Tuesday...and then I begin each morning with one too :) The atmosphere at Fat Tuesday is fun...always playing great music...and the bartenders are a blast...great way to begin and end your vacation...sheessh....I want one now!
5	Lordy.When I started this review, I was torn. 5 stars.... or 1.My argument for 5 stars:Sweet, strong slushified concoctions in numerous different sizes are yours for the picking. My personal go-to during my first foray into Sin City- a half-yard of half Margarita and half Strawberry ( I call it Ali's 3 Halves... I'm such a nerd). I would have loved to have gotten a full yard, but unfortunately that thing is about as tall as I am.... I would have been that tipsy girl literally tripping on her drink. My boyfriend got the Hurricane with an extra shot- of COURSE I tried and loved! And don't fret.... once you have finished your drink, you can always go back for refills (slightly less expensive than your first round.... but hey, now I have a souvenir half-yard cup in my office that I can brag about!).My argument for 1 star:These things are dangerous. They are so tasty but beware the crazy amounts of alcohol (especially if after the first one, you start adding in multiple shots.... whoops!)! You may find yourself waking up facedown in your hotel room at 11:32pm with no recollection of how you got there. Ok, maybe that's just me.Ok, just to clarify....Fat Tuesday: 5 stars.Me: 1 star.
5	Can't believe these aren't on every street corner in the country.  How much better equipped would we all be if we could settle things like busted budgets, economic developments, and labor disputes over a couple of Eye Candy's and a handful of jello shots!!!  Fat Tuesday, you should be writing national policy!!!!!
3	There's no better way to start off a gamblin' trek up the Strip than with a half-yard of frozen boozy slush you can take with you (and get refilled) just about anywhere.Unfortunately, there are many better ways to spend a late night following said gamblin' trek and about three total yards of frozen boozy slush than curled up on your suite bathroom floor because the cold tile is the only thing reminding you that you are, in fact, still alive.Take your pick.
4	Yummy!Definitely not the cheapest way to get drunk, but totally worth the money and cool yard you get when you pay for one of these puppies.Personally, I like the regular margaritas with an extra shot for $1. The other flavors are usually too sweet for me. For sure though, one of those things you need to do EVERY time you're in Vegas.
5	One of the few places in Vegas which isn't ridiculously over priced.  I also enjoy how in Vegas you can walk around with your drinks like it's nothing.  I got a mango frozen drink from this place.  It starts off decently strong strong but an extra shot is only a dollar, so I decided to make it extra strong with 2 extra shots.  I got the huge coffee mug and it was just a little bit over 10 bucks.
5	No Vegas trip is complete without being able to listlessly wander the strip in broad daylight carrying a Fat Tuesday yard. The bottle itself makes an awesome souvenir. Price: they don't break the bank. So add in those extra shots ($1 each). Yes, one, two, three. However many more you need for that extra kick!The drink itself: awesome, of course. All the flavors are yummy, yummy. And don't fret about having to choose. Just go back for a refill and try that other flavor on the next round. You can also mix flavors! I like the 190 Octane and Hurricane or Amaretto Pineapple and Hurricane. I've really wanted to try the Peach Bellini for some time and haven't gotten around to it. Careful though, they are on the sweet side and can make you really really full (so much liquid to consume, not enough belly space!). How to conduct yourself: carry that ish with pride. Yes, you are a tourist. Yes, its 100 degrees outside and you are feeling refreshed from your Fat Tuesday. And yes, you are starting to feel that buzz at 3pm ooohweeee - VEGASSS!!!Awesome tip from our bartender: When you drink it down to the skinny part of the yard, empty out the shot tubes so it's not as painful when you get to the bottom of your drink.
3	After seeing all these drunk people with huge tubes of drinks, my friends and I had to try it out.  There were four of us and it was mid-morning, so we opted for the huge 75 ounce mug to share instead of individual drinks.  We got ours with vodka, red bull ( morning fuel), and three extra shots of Jager.I hung in there for a while, but after ten minutes, the drink became too sweet for me.  I was also feeling a little skittish due to the overload of red bull in the drink.  I guess it was to be expected.  The cup would have been cool if we wouldn't have lost it.  Not that it's hard to lose a gigantic plastic cup, but it's easy after you've consumed all the alcohol in it.  Pretty cool place, but it was a little pricey.I gave it three stars, not five, because I thought it was a cool concept, but our drink was mediocre.
4	$1 jello shots made from the bottom-of-the-barrel liqour.It's a Vegas tradition, no matter how much you've "matured" over the years.  Who knew $20 of jello shots could be so exciting?
5	Oh Yeah!!!  Love the 190 frozen drink.  I fell in love with Fat Tuesday in Louisiana (wish they had the crawdaddy flavor in LV).  Its my must have when I am shopping and strolling around.  So glad that I am not driving since the drinks can pack a punch.  The coupon is great for refills!!!
5	LOOOVEEE Fat Tuesdays! :)) amazing drinks! Get the peqach belini with an extra perimium shot..uoi cant go wrong !
5	I cannot stress this enough. If you're trying not to spend a grip on alcohol pre-clubbing or just generally throughout your stay in Vegas, this is a must try. The closest one to where we were staying was at Caesars Palace. Several trips were made back and forth to this place without hesitation. My usual Mango Berry is always on point. I even tried their Cherry Bombs, which were basically maraschino cherries soaked (and I mean SOAKED) in Everclear. Effin' terrible, but I put 'em away like a champ. Found myself another favorite flavor on my last night: The Cat 5 Hurricane. I owe my very first semi-drunken experience on The Strip to this one. For a half-yard cup at $12, you can share it, but I doubt you'll want to. No, scratch that, you wont. It'll be the best amount of dough you'll spend on alkie. Trust!
5	Go big or get the hell out of Vegas.Everyone should start their days off in Vegas with one of these. (I certainly wish I did!) They have fruity flavors which are yummy, but seriously, for the best buzz (or blur) for your buck - 190 octane with at least 2 shots of everclear.  Towards the bottom, it'll start tasting like ish, but keep stirring throughout and just man up! Guaranteed FUN for the rest of the day... and if you keep drinking, even more fun for the rest of the night... I make no promises for the next morning though. :D[note: if it is particularly hot and you're walking the strip, please be sure to have water on hand...you have a very high likelihood of passing out...I would know. :P ]
4	I was a little skeptical of alcoholic drinks in big mixers, thinking "how much alcohol can really be in one of those?", but my bf and I each got a yard dog whatever, 190 octane and cat 5 hurricane, both with an extra shot, and quickly felt the effects. For $12/each it's really not a bad deal, and we came back for refills later in the night.
4	If you want to get extremely drunk and have major brain freeze, this is the place to go!I don't even remember what I got (the alcohol probably killed a few brain cells), but it was strong and delicious! Between the 3 of us, we finished a pretty big drink in 20 minutes or so. It's Vegas, the whole point is to get drunk the fastest.
5	I tool the advice of other yelpers and ordered the 190 Octane with the Hurricane and yummy! So good! We made this our first stop after arriving in Vegas and returned again that day for a refill. The following night we filled them with our own concoction and then stopped for refills once those were gone. We proudly carried our frozen drinks up and down the strip and didn't care if we looked like tourists because we were! We will definitely come back next time we are in Vegas.
4	I normally write comprehensive reviews...however, I'm at a loss.  I got some giant ass jug of high octane squishy that included a couple of test tubes of what I can only assume were the leftovers from a pharmaceutical experiment.  I can remember the pretty lady that super sized me up to the bucket and making it part way down the strip.  From there I have random flashes of an angry monkey, eating a pomegranate, a dark alley that smelled like low tide at the wharf and a laughing blackjack dealer.I'm giving them four stars because it tasted good and was reasonably priced.  I still can't find my left shoe.
5	CarMug of 190 octane + 4 (Four) shots of everclear. This 471lb party animal was just let outta his cage.  Be sure to "PoP" the shot test tubes out before you are halfway done with the drink; otherwise you will start speaking in tounges!  Good Times. Get one early, enjoy the day in the pool, then sleep all night! That's Vegas for $17 a day!
5	Save your empty glasses (even if they are not from Fat Tuesday) and they will refill them at the refill price.  This saves you around $3 a drink!  I noticed that all the frozen drink places do this!  Stops me from waiting to find another bar of the same name for a refill.
5	Another Vegas trip. Another round of Fat Tuesdays! It never seems to get old! :DThis time... I believe I shared two or three with one other person.  I was drunk as hell (according to my text messages sent & twitter updates. -__-)Again,  190 octane plus an extra shot of everclear for only a dollar more?! This ish IS the BIZNAZZ!I don't remember much other than winning hella, then losing it all and most importantly, having a BLAST in Sin City. :]
5	On my first outing to Vegas at 21, a friend of mine told our group to drop by Fat Tuesdays as soon as we got settled in our rooms. Once we found one nearby, another friend of mine bought a round of Yard Dogs of our choice. After downing my first Yard Dog, I've made it a point of mine to drop by at least once every time I'm in town. The drinks are set at a fair price, the bartenders are friendly and you can easily get buzzed after a serving. If you're looking to get drunk, you can add additional $1 dollar shots to your drink. Some of my friends make sure they take out the shot tubes to mix it in, but I usually let them sit until I finish the daiquiri then down the shot(s) at the end.
5	I'm really finding the people that say "You look like such a tourist with those big cups" hilarious. Ummm, u do realize Vegas, the strip in particular is made up of nothing but tourist, right?? If u don't want to deal with the people in line at Fat Tuesdays, go around. U should know its going to be like that at all times!! Oh, and do you really think I care if you talk about me and my cup??I took my second trip to Vegas this past week and my first stop once I checked into my rm....you guessed it!! Fat Tuesdays! I love the feeling of getting a nice buzz (maybe even drunk) from a slushy drink! If you've never been there, make sure to make a stop at Fat Tuesdays at some point in your trip!! I recommend 190 Octane or Cat 5 Hurricane flavor.
4	"Hey, look at the little Fat Asian kid with that big chug of Slurpie!" My beverage: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/x_yLsQMQtlE0rdxnaf6J5w?select=2loG39q-KBZ6f8ugGbyw7QI knew I'll get to hear that unnecessary comments and dirty looks from people walking along that warm Las Vegas Blvd strip. Well, it's not a Slurpie from 7-11. It's a 190 Octane orange-flavored  daiquiri from Fat Tuesday inside the Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile Mall. For $14.00, I get that size, in which I don't the name of the size. I also added a shot of 1800 Jose Cuervo for another $2.00. That added shot got me wobbling along that Las Vegas Blvd Strip. It was not a pretty sight that night. The next morning, I had a "Fat Headache"!Thanks to Fat Tuesday!
5	Do you need an afternoon pick me up on a hot summer day? I certainly do. Fat Tuesday's hits the spot! Their drinks are fun, strong, and tasty. I have had the 190 octane but it was too strong for my taste buds. I got the mango and also the strawberry. The strawberry is pretty sweet so if you are in need of something chilled but light, this is your pick. Walk to through Caesar's to this hot spot because it's a must try. JUST DO IT.
5	I always get the half yard stick of 190 octane. anything bigger is obnoxious... reallY? and even at that my bf and I share it b/c if you dont it melts and doesnt taste very good. = so we share and just keep refilling. 190 octane is the best and even that is kinda sweet. I'm not into sweet at all. but sometimes I mix the pina with 190 to mix it up. Mojito was too sweet and so was mango and cat5 hurricaine. yuck can you imagine the calorie count?!? so whenever i want to feel like a tourist i get out my half yard stick and head out to the strip - get 190 and extra shot for a $1. extra. worth every sip.
5	Honestly one of the best deals on the strip 11 bucks for 28oz of pure goodness and 9 for a refill thank you Fat Tuesdays yummy!!!!
5	Located in Planet Hollywood this is THE place to go to get a fun drink to sip on while roaming the strip. Especially on a hot Vegas summer day. Or anytime of the day.The prices are good and they have a wide variety of mixed slurpee/daiquiri style drinks, regular drinks and specialty shots. They also have a variety of sizes and shapes for the drinks. Great as souvenirs!My recent trip to LV, we went here first thing and i grabbed a 32oz tall with Pina Colada and Eye Candy and extra shot of rum. Very tasty. Refills are a couple bucks cheaper, so keep those containers! *Note- IMO anything larger than the 32oz (half yard) is kind of a waste. After a while (if not all consumed), the slurpee mix just taste like flavored syrup and it doesn't stay cold long enough to enjoy that much drink. I much more enjoy the smaller sizes with extra shots added and just come back for refills for less. But what ever size and flavors you get......enjoy and cheers!!!
5	They're inside the Miracle Mile Shops. I wish I could tell you exactly where in the mall they are, but I got so lost in here I really don't remember...sorry, but anyhow, my boyfriend and I accidentally stumbled across this place right before they were about to close, but our bartender was so cool he gave us a few minutes to decide, help us figure out what we want and kept it real about what was what. I was a wimp and just went with the Strawberry, while the bf got the Magnum drink. MAN WE WERE WASTED! Oh, not to mention the jello shots we took right before, lol. But overall great experience and if you're looking to get drunk, this is ONE of the many places to go!
5	BEST INVENTION IN VEGAS!! "Oh but you ll look like a tourist with that giant plastic yard cup" WHO GIVES A SHIT! First off, I AM A TOURIST, Second, these things are great! Seriously, this place made our Vegas experience 10000 times better. At least when I Lost money here, I got something in return! :) Cant wait to go back.  P.S. get as many 1 dollar shots in there as you can handle :) P.S  This specific Fat Tuesday is the one  @ the  Mgm Grand. I guess people dont bother looking at the address before posting. Its all the same I guess...
5	I'm not going to lie, the main reason I love staying at MGM is the Fat Tuesday downstairs. My favorite noon cocktail: Monster yard of Cat 5 with an added shot, and a Mother Pucker Tooter to start. (I prefer the watermelon.)Eat light before you drink these! The sheer size with all that liquid will make you feel bloated! And enjoy the buzz...
5	Half yard 190 with an add shot. This made my day alot better. Cools you down and tastes really good. I actually think I'd get 3 next time to see how it goes.Tried the cat 5 and it was too sweet. The 190 was good. Definately go for that if you go. We tried the jello shots as well and those werent terrible. Pretty good deal for 1 dollar. Really can't go wrong here.
5	Fat Tuesdays are the way to go. Every time you go to Vegas, you have to visit at least once. If you're feeling up to it and you know you can handle your booze, get more than one added shot. Octane 190 is the way to go and you're set.  Man up and get a yard to see what's up. Add a 151 shot and just wait till you hit the bottom of the drink. You're going to feel great! Remember when you drink here it feels great. Watch out 20-30 min in after drinking. You're gonna feel it. Our group bought a bunch and we held up the line but whatever. We had to get our booze on. Short review for a great place to drink! BOO YA!
5	Slurpee + booze + hot Vegas= One buzzed, refreshed chick. Nuff said.
4	The drinks are cheap and strong. Be aware of that. The 1$ added shot and the cheap jello with whip will absolutely toss you sideways. My only recommendation is to know your limits. The only thing worse than the Fat Tuesday hangover is the sweet puke that comes along with it.
4	100 oz Strawberry w/ 151 for $35. So I was just curious to see how many shots were in the 100 oz. The workers told me 13, gf heard 15. Total death sentence. I asked for it alright, a pounding headache before the night even got started. Who needs to predrink before hitting up Surrender? I didnt. I needed Advil. Then the workers have the nerve to ask if we want to add extra shots for $1/shot. Crazy mofos.
4	FAT tuesday is a good place to get the half yard for a decent price compared to other areas where the half yards are expensive. FAT tuesday is good also cuz they have mutiple locations where you can get refills like MGM and whatnot. And if you get the half yard you can keep it and when you return the refill is cheaper like two dollars but if you know you go back to Vegas alot, its worth it. Oh and get the $1.00 add shot, for extra kick and I usually share with one other person, takes a longgg time to finish and and very filling as well.
5	A Must-Go place in Vegas!  A buddy of mine had me tried a mix of 190 Octane + Cat 5 + whiskey shot = I'm Hooked!
4	A staple of every Vegas trip. I love their blended drinks. A party in a cup, or footlong, or yardlong, the drinks tastes like slurpees with an adult kick. If you want a stronger kick, you can always ask for extra shots added to it. We didn't get any on this trip, but they used to offer 151 soaked cherries too.
5	This is really a must have for a day in vegas! I mean its cheap, its fun, and its good!For fellow "weak sauce's" like me, the bellini probably tastes the best and has the smallest amount of alcohol.
5	A must place to go when your in Vegas.. to get your drink on... great selection and you wont regret going back, plus you get a nice cup to keep.
5	The $1 Jello shots can be had with whip cream upon request. Cat5 is all you need. An extra $1 will add a floating shot of 151 to your Cat5. Skip the bars and stick to Fat Tuesday for your best bang for the buck on the strip.
4	Shot! Shot! Shot!!!!!From $1 jello shots, to $1 153 proof pucker shots, to one shot with no name that Joe "mama" made especially for us; this place is legit! We all must have gotten 50 shots total before we moved on to the next spot.We were loud, took pictures, laughed, and really just had a chill drinking night.
5	Visited Vegas this weekend and had a blast with my selection of the Cat 5 Hurricane in a football-shaped cup. It was the perfect frozen drink for a 91+ degree weather! And the buzz that came with it really made everything better (:I've tried the weak sauce Peach Bellini (with extra schnapps) and the stiff 190 Octane (also with an extra shot of Everclear). The Cat 5 meets in the middle and halfway through my drink, I was achieving a nice buzz. It tastes like fruit punch haha!They have $1 Jello Shots, too! I couldn't taste mine 'cause it just fell into my throat as I shook it off the container, but a friend says it's the real thing with a good amount of alcohol.Fat Tuesday daiquiris are better alternatives for drinkers who despise taking shots to party. They have awesome souvenir cups, yards, and mugs, too. Bring back your souvenir cups to get refills and save some dollars. Or u can use them for an extra $1 shot! Yeap, just $1 for an extra shot of anything :D
4	feeling like walking around the city carrying frozen, fat, refreshing margaritas?? stop by at Fat Tuesday. I get the $17 mango margaritas with extra shots. there's nothing better than chill your brain a bit under the hot sunny vegas with this gigantic margaritas. Smaller and bigger sizes are vary too.
4	Loved this place. I was in Vegas for fourth of July weekend and the line was taking way too long. At first I was annoyed, but then when it was my turn , the girl that helped me was very helpful and let me try a sample of one of her favorite mixture of their frozen beverages. It was the ammeretto pineapple with peach. $8.00 for a big size that got be buzzin' for half the day! Worth it to me!
4	190 Octane + Hurricane + 1-2 extra shots = the beginning of the end.throw in some jello shots, just because it's vegas.no cream though, trying to watch my figure.mischief managed.
5	It's tradition! As soon as you get to vegas, stop by fat tuesday's for a yard dog. A couple extra shots of everclear, and you are good to go! I'm a happy drunk.This place makes me happy.
5	I believe that you're not officially 21 in Las Vegas until you get a drink from Fat Tuesday's and act like a big shot carrying around that long cup around. Now that i've said my piece. It actually took my boyfriend and I alot of trouble to find this place. All we had was the address and when we asked someone on the street, they directed us to NewYorkNewYork only for an employee there to tell us it was actually in MGM Grand (side which we were originally on). But it was worth it!Service: Great, they give you samples so that you're not stuck with a yard dog full of something you regret ordering. I tasted the strawberry which basically tasted like a popsicle and the margarita which had a little too much alcohol taste for me so i ended up with the strawberry. The only thing I disliked which has nothing to do with fat tuesday's but more with vegas was the rate at which my drink melted. I only got down 1/4 of the way before the drink became more of a watery consistence. The yard dog cup now sits on my desk like a trophy. I will be back to get the car cup and the sports bottle!
5	Get a half yard of the 44 Magnum (190 Octane + Hurricane) for $12 plus an extra shot for $1 more! I noticed the last two times I went here, the extra shot was 151!!! Explains soo much...Jello shots here are only $1!Half yard refills are only $9! This is the best [drink] deal in Vegas, in my opinion! I usually don't need to buy any other drinks for the majority of the night!
5	The Fat Tuesday's at MGM and the one between Luxor and Mandalay Bay are the best ones to visit. The bartenders at both locations are awesome and both these locations have $1 jello shots where the others are $2. If you are looking for a good time get yourself a couple of jello shots and a 12 oz. to 20 oz. drink with an extra shot. Trust me it will do you good! Anything more and you WILL be retarded all night. Do not miss this place or you will be sorry. I've been making this a must do in Vegas for over 10 years now, I know you will enjoy it!!! I've heard their drink turns your poop funny colors...don't freak if it looks bright red, purple or even blue depending on which one you get. It's just part of the fun!
5	I hate fruity drinks. I am a straight up alcohol type a guy.  I don't like to mix too much my drinks.But this last weekend everyone in my group had a slushy drink and I had to give in.  I couldn't resist it any longer so I told the "BARTENDER" give me the strongest stuff you got.  Which was either the HIGH OCTANE AND THE HURRICANE.  Now this guy was awesome cause he basically told me, "Do you want it really strong?"  "FUCK YEAH!!!" was my answer. Mind you I was a bit tipsy.So he combines both of them and plus I tell him to give me 2 extra shots of RUM 151!!!.  Yes that is how I roll.  I still have $4 dollars left from my $20 so I bought two more jello shots and gave him a $2 tip.  I really don't like fruity drinks, but damn It tasted so damn good.
4	Before posting this review, I noticed Mark S's review of 2 stars.  It kinda made me a bit sad, because I swear by this place.  I usually try to come everyday I'm in Vegas.  Literally, every day.Anyway, as everyone else and their moms have recommended, get the 190 Octane.  And don't wuss out -- get that extra shot.  It's the strongest alcohol wise and it tastes great.  A yardstick with the extra shot comes out to be $18 and you tip the bartender the other $2 from your Jackson.This will get you a perfect buzz.  You can't drink it too fast because you'll get brain freeze.  If you drink it too slow, your friends will call you a puss when they finish it before you.Oh yeah, last tip.  Make sure you unload that extra shot right away.  If you save it for the end, the last few sucks from the straw will be vodka!
5	Wasted for under $20? I like it! Careful, now...getting the mega yard and an extra shot of 151 will probably lead to at least partial nudity by the end of the night. Be forewarned!
4	OMG!!! SO the Cali version of Fat Tuesday is Wet Willies!!! down fall is you cant leave the building with your drink : /
1	It's cheap and tacky and gimmicky. The brightly-colored, frozen fruit-flavored drinks are basically slushies with alcohol in them. The whole enterprise is an embarrassment to good taste.
4	Yes it's a slushy with alcohol in it, but if you can get over that fact, Fat Tuesday's has the most alcohol for the lowest price that you'll ever find in a strip casino (if you're not gambling)! If you want to be (a little) less tacky, definitely do not get the monster yard glass. Stick with the standard cup - $8! Add an extra shot for a dollar, get a jello shot for a dollar, and move on. Fat Tuesday's is not supposed to be the destination for your Vegas night out, but it is supposed to be a place to get some cheap alcohol while you're on the move.
4	I feel like if you're in Vegas, Fat Tuesday's in a MUST. My personal favorite their Strawberry and Mango mix...topped off of course with their $1 jello shots. That makes a start to for a fun day.
5	THIS IS THE SPOT! After getting off the plane, my first mission was to get my hands on one of Fat Tuesday's fabulous drinks. None of the other slushy alcohol drinks compare to the ones offered here. My favorite thing to get is the Mega Yard with the 44 Magnum and Mango with an extra shot for 1 buck! Can you say deal?
5	slushies with alcohol...what more can you ask for  :P Amaretto Pineapple and Bellini so far are on my top to flavors.  although all of them r oh so yum.  i dont think they have a bad flavor.if you want to get your buzz on faster..you can always add more alcohol for a few more $'s a shot.and what better way to start off a night (or day) of drinking than to have a $1 jello shot   :0)
5	Best deal on drinks you will find in Las Vegas. Great bar tenders, DELICIOUS slushie drinks with alcohol, and since it was my boyfriend's birthday, they kept giving him free shots of everclear with every drink he had! This will definitely be my first stop when I return to Sin City.
5	Wow. 180 proof slushi!? Absolutely love this place. Will most definitely be back again.
5	Going to Las Vegas next week and the first stop I will make is @ "Fat Tuesday's" for my favorite 180 Octane! Definitely one of the things that are a MUST DO when in Vegas!
5	A lot of alcohol for a little price!  The .44 Magnum (a mix of 190 Octane and Hurricane) is delicious without tasting too fruity/girly.  You can taste the alcohol but it's not overwhelming, even with the $1 extra shot.  After throwing in a couple jello shots I was set for the rest of the night :)
5	THE BELLINI! The best alcoholic slushy drink around! I usually don't like slushy drinks aka margaritas too much, but the bellini at Fat Tuesday was to die for. Located conveniently in the Caesars Palace Forum shops at the end right next to the aquarium, my friends and I met up the boys after shopping to get drinks. I got a half yard which was $12 - a steal for how much liquid I was drinking. You can always ask for more shots to put in your frozen delight. Definitely coming back to get another one next time!!
5	Fat Tuesday, I say Thirsty Thursday!!This was the very first stop after we got everything situated in our room. Our server was very nice and patient. We were trying all the flavors that they had. So my flavor of choice was the bellini with a shot of peach schnapps and boy was this frozen concoction delicious!! We had ordered 2 bellinis, 2 hurricanes and 1 pina colada with the added shots!! Yum and strong at the same time.Will definitely stop by again on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Who wouldn't be happy with a yardlong in their hands? For a decent price, I got fairly buzzed off the margaritas. The pina coladas were also delicious.Best part is the discounted re-fills if you didn't get enough the first time around!
5	No stop in New Orleans or Vegas is complete without a stop at Fat Tuesday. There is one located in the Forum Shops at Caesars and another in the shops at Mandalay Bay. Frozen drinks start at $8, but they also have jello shots if you're looking for something small to jump start your day. The staff are obliged to ask, "Would you like an extra shot with that for a dollar?" We were in line and the man in front of us turned that offer down! Who does that?!I don't know about you, but shopping is much more pleasant once you've entered the padded room with the velvet curtains.
4	I've given free hugs to people on the Strip.I've confessed my feelings for my crush in the middle of Miracle Mile shops.I've met tons of interesting people from all over the US in Vegas elevators.I've made a yucky mess in the Wynn bathroom in the middle of the day.I've lost my favorite pair of sunglasses while laughingly stumbling around the slot machines.I've had the best buffet I've ever had.I've had some memorable pictures taken in the Bellagio gardens and Sky Train.And it's all because of you Fat Tuesday. Here's to you! [takes a long swig from the Dog Bone]
5	This is one of the few places I look forward to when I go to Las Vegas! The drinks here are delicious and strong and you can add an extra shot for just $1! Now who would turn that down right! The prices here are really reasonable too! I bought a half-yard pina colada for only $12 which gave me a good buzz making me the happiest person on earth lol They have like 4 sizes from which you can choose from: 12 oz - 24 oz - Half yard - Yard. If you get the Yard its good enough for 2 people to share but if you're a big drinker more for you then! They also give a discount on refills so if you feel that you need to drink a little more or still not feeling that good buzz, you can reload with them.So if you're heading to Vegas I totally recommend that you stop by this place!
5	Love this place! 190 octane and hurricane mixed is amazing.  Decent prices and their drinks are good & if one isn't enough, keep the cup & they'll refill it for cheaper!
4	Gross. You will do gross inappropriate things in public, you will tell dark secrets to strangers.  Your will make a complete ass of yourself in public.Get the 190 and an extra shot if none of those things really bother you.-1 star for being too sweet and giving me brain freeze.
4	190 Octane to get the night started. You *must* include the extra shot of grain.The brian freeze sucks, but whatever you do, DON'T try drinking this melted. That's just NASTY
5	how can you not love the fact that this drink single handedly made my night??? 190 Octane should be available everywhere :)
5	try the mango peach mixed with an extra shot of 151 and you'll be good and its only $12/13!
4	get ready for some major brainfreeze! they have really good strawberry daiquiris. 190 octane is a bit stronger and will def get you drunk faster than the other flavors. great way to get a souvenir from vegas with a monster yard drink or the monster jug!
4	Fat Tuesday's was recommended to me by a dear friend of mine who simply said that one of these drinks will f u up. Now I can't spend an evening out on the strip without one of these delicious highly boozed icy drinks. An extra shot, yes please!! $14 for a yard long and $9 for a refill, sounds like a good drinking night to me. Thankfully, Fat Tuesday are all over the strip in different casinos, so by the time you finish the first yard long, you have already stumbled your drunk ass into another Fat Tuesday. You could probably set yourself on fire if you blow into a lighter after drinking one. ENJOY :)
3	An ultra sugary way to start a night of poor decisions.If you're celebrating your 21st birthday in Vegas (and haven't been drinking for years already) stop by Fat Tuesday for a maliciously sweet beverage.  This is a novelty for those that don't like the taste of alcohol.  There is usually a crowd around this watering hole, and people really love the drinks.  Even though you can add shots of booze to your drink if it isn't strong enough, this place does nothing for me.The two times I've tried Fat Tuesday, I just felt fat, and it wasn't even Tuesday.  These drinks are dangerously sweet, to the point that a stomach ache almost always follows.  I think if you're looking to develop type 2 diabetes, this is a good drink to enjoy regularly.  I need either a beer, glass of wine, or proper cocktail when I'm drinking.  I think this spot is great for what it is, and it is not for me.
4	You're walking down the Vegas strip in the blistering heat and you see all these people with gigantic frozen alcoholic drinks that look delicious! Of course now you want one too, but where to get it?There are many places that offer these drinks, but hands down, Fat Tuesday is the best!Ask for sampling before you order though - if you're going to be drinking that much of one or two flavors, you better make sure it's a good one. My favorite: Bellini! (peachy goodness)There's not much alcohol in these, so don't be expecting a huge buzz. But they're a fun way to beat the heat while walking around the strip and taste pretty delicious. I recommend sharing a larger one - better for the price, and chances are, you won't want to drink the whole thing yourself anyway.
4	Hurricane, but you can call me slurricaneSlurricane, strong enough to start a engine mayne10am on a Monday and we were already buzzing.  The Hurricane def has more alcho content than some the others.  I don't remember what flavor it was exactly...just fruity and delicious.  Throw in the $1 extra shot, walk or stumble around miracle mile shops and PH and when u came back around you can get a discounted refill.  Win!
5	Fat Tuesday ROCKS!! when you are in Vegas, hit this up!enough said.
5	Who doesn't love Fat Tuesdays?! lol..When you're in Vegas, you HAVE to give this place a try or else your trip would not be complete:)
4	Go yard or go home! The strawberry and mango flavor is refreshing. I usually like pina coladas but the miami vice didn't have the same kick of the strawberry and mango. If you could put fun in a bottle...it would come in a yard size.
5	This place is the BOMB! I think the entire time I was in Vegas, I walked with their mug in my hand, getting refills. Their Everclear and margarita mix is awesome! $1for extra shots, discounts on refills, and I kept getting $1 coupons from them. Must...go...back!
5	A must when you visit the Las Vegas Strip!  The Mangoberry is perfect if you`re a tropical flavory girl like me.  Add extra shots of 151 for only $1 each!  A yard at 11am gave me the worse hangover possible that I didnt even drink at the club 12 hours later!
3	I don't know what it is about carrying around a yard drink in Las Vegas. It is so clichy, a litty trashy, a littly tacky, and very touristy, things I try very hard not to be when visiting any city. But this is Las Vegas. Home of clichy and a little bit of trashy and tacky! I keep up my status by NOT keeping an empty yard. After one is cashed, I promptly throw it away or leave it in my hotel room. If I ever want another one, I will just buy another yard and not bother with the $2 discount. My favorite flavors are Hurricane and High Octane mixed together. The location I visited was located at the end of the Shoppes at Mandalay Place, before you head into the Luxor. I've always preferred Fat Tuesday's yards to everyone else's because it doesn't look as ridiculous as the other flashy colored yards, and it also has a list of the different locations on the strip if you're in need of an immediate refill while walking down Las Vegas Blvd. or just wandering around like I was. Plus they are open until 2am. Another great alternative if you are inside Mandalay Bay is Evening Call. My boyfriend bought me the coconut flavored blue drink and I couldn't even taste or tell that there was alcohol in it...until it was too late. hahaha.
5	If you are going to be spending a night walking the Strip, you are going to need a drink. Not just because it can be 90 at 9pm, but because you're legs might start to hurt and a beverage containing 151 proof would come in handy to ease the pain.  Thank dog there is Fat Tuesdays. With multiple locations up and down the strip it is the most sensible way to get absolutely obliterated while seeing the sights of the Las Vegas Strip. For a reasonable price you can get an enormous amount of high octane alcohol mixed with a surgery, Slurpee type mixture. If you hold on to your cup their refills are reasonable. For those of you who don't want to hang around a casino bar to get a tiny drink for 10 bucks, Fat Tuesdays is your one stop shop for huge drinks at a good price.
5	What can I say about this place...the drinks are a little pricey but if you are looking to get drunk, start here!I had 50oz of the 190 Octane and an extra shot and felt every bit of it. If you are unsure of what you'd like the bartender will give you samples to try.The drink prices range from 8.00 up thru 30.00 for 100+ ounces.  It can be a bit expensive for a single drink but you will be drunk from oneWe first walked to Mandalay Bay from New York New York but soon learned they had a location in MGM.They also have locations at Caesars, MGM, Mirage, Planet Hollywood
5	Yummy!! I can't even taste the alcohol in here..........................DRUNK :/
5	It is really rare for me to go to the strip and not go to Fat Tuesday and get me a Pina Colada with a extra shot of 151.   I prefer The Forum Shops Fat Tuesday, because it's probably the most sentimental location for me since that is where I had my first.It is comforting to know that there are several on the strip in case you wanna wonder around and get a refill or two.  My favorite thing about Fat Tuesday is how first timers usually guy's frown upon it, because it is a frozen sugary drink.  So it brings me immense joy to see that frozen sugary drink annihilate them.
5	I loooove Fat Tuesdays! Probably the only place in Vegas you can get  a sweet buzz on 2 drinks for under $20 (even when you do an "add shot")The one in Caesar's Forum Shops has the Red Bull and Vodka one, which is my favorite. They all used to carry that flavor but then stopped.Anytime I have people in town, Fat Tuesday is our first stop of the day or night...
5	Bellini is the best flavor! My friends got "Pimp Juice" and it was definitely nowhere near as good as mine. We refilled it so many times, each time with the exact same flavor: BELLNI. Fat Tuesday is probably the best drink place in Vegas.
5	Love! Love! Love!I always have to get my Fat Tuesdays fix when I'm in Vegas.  My personal order:190 Octane mixed w/ Cat 5 Hurricane + an extra shotI love it when the bartender says, "see you guys back here in an hour"... its like you gotta finish it & come back - so addicting.I like going to the one in PH & The Forum Shops.& it always gets the job done.  ;]
4	Word of warning: This "kiosk" only sells really sweet blended-type drinks.  If you like beer or are a rum'n'coke guy, don't go here.  But if you are still in your 20s and want to get wasted like you did back in college, this place is for you. I just got back from a tour of Vegas, and Fat Tuesday is the cheapest place to get hammered. For $11 you can get a yard of something that probably has 4-5 shots of 151 in it, and get an extra shot for $1 more. If you weigh less than 200 lbs, one of these will hit you like a freight train. Flavors include tropical punch, pina colada, classic margarita, strawberry, and some others I can't remember.  lol. I got the Hurricane Yard Dog, my girl got a hurricane as well, and my three buds got pina colada and something else. In about 45 minutes were we telling random strangers that we loved them, stumbling all over the casino floor and in general making asses of ourselves.   A great time was had by all, including the waitress at the Mad Onion, who must have been thoroughly entertained by the 5 fools (us) who just ate cheesecake and sang happy birthday to the other patrons.
5	AHHH, you make me loco.. Fat Tuesdays are a must when you're at vegas! It's a must-do thing.. Since I'm a fruit lover, I got a Strawberry Mangoo, YUMMMMMMMMMMMY! I got the half a yard? If thats what you call it, I was too scared to go for the long yard one=( I had to share mine since half way through my drink, it got to mee :( At first you cannot tell that it even has alcohol . Since I have very low tolerance and I don't drink often.. Man this got me so f**** drunk-_____-' BUT YOU MUSTTTTTT GET IT! Remember you're not going to feeeel it until thirty minutes later, so drink with caution.. LOL :)
3	very tasty shots!!! and cool place to hang out for a minute before heading some where else!
5	I LOVE this place!!!  This was a tradition to come to this place every time I was in Vegas, but now that I live here....uhh oh.The drinks are reasonably priced and are all delicious in my book.  One drink will  make you feel amazing, 2 and your golden.  I like this place so much because I have been to other frozen alcoholic drink places and they all seem to get me sick.  Their too sweet and over priced.  Any city with a Fat Tuesday I always try to make a trip.The "bartenders" are all very helpful and mine even gave me a discount for working in the service industry!  I would suggest to buy a mug if you plan to come back. Some drink Tips:    190 Octane + Cat 5 Hurricane and an extra shot if you plan to have a great time that night.If you like pineapple their new Amaretto Pineapple flavor is pretty awesome, but honestly you can't go wrong with any decision you make!I personally like the one on the basement level of the MGM, bartenders there are always super friendly and sometime feel a little extra giving if you know what I mean.
5	Strawberry and Bellini Mix w/ 3 extra shots and 3 ($1) jello shots and you will see me do it with no hands!
4	Fat Tuesday at Planet Hollywood = you and your buddies still walking the strip at 8am while people are passing you on their morning jog.
5	Even though the drinks may come off as a bit pricey to you, but its VEGAS. They are going to charge you more than you wish for everywhere in vegas. If you cant or forget to bring handles of alcohol with you, I suggest you get drunk from Fat Tuesday. Not only does it taste good, but half a yard could get you drunk, and a yard could get you wasted. Ive tried the strawberry and mango flavor and they tasted so yummy. I am sure the other flavors are great as well.If you decide to come here a lot, you can save your cup and get refills for a cheaper price. I definitely recommend coming here, start your drinking at 3 pm, walk up and down the strip, take one or two shots in your hotel, and go to the club in the perfect drunken state of mind.
5	Well everyone already gave away the strong drink "secrets" so see everyone else's review for that and yes I do agree! I love Fat Tuesday! I get the Peach Bellini when I'm feelin' extra girly. It's yummy without being overly sweet and you can't taste the alcohol which is something I prefer when I'm sippin'. If I'm trying to get wasted I'd rather just take shots. But just as you can't taste the alcohol, you can't feel it either. You wont get drunk off of one drink unless you add a few extra shots! I can't wait to go back and try more flavors! Oh and don't forget to save your cup for discounted refills! I got the sports bottle size on my last trip because I didn't want to lug around one of the giant mugs and I didn't feel like going all-out tacky tourist with one of the yards. You can hotel hop with the smaller size and easily find another stand to refuel!!
5	Always my first stop in Vegas to get properly started!!!The bartenders are always super nice, fast, and have great combo ideas for the drinks. I'm a big fan of the 190 Octane mixed with the Bellini and an extra shot. Yummmy!!!! (And don't forget the jello shot!)Best deal in Vegas by far for what you get. If I'm in the area we usually stop by a few times during the course of our vacation at the different locations. Nothing else to say that hasn't already been said by others- A MUST FOR YOUR VEGAS TRIP!
5	Best daiquiris in town.
4	I've been going to Vegas for 20 years and I have always avoided places like this. Big mistake. This is a super tasty cheap buzz. So what if you look like some crazed tourist. I like the pina colada/strawberry daiquiri mix with 3 extra shots. Great prices compared to some of the places in hotel pool areas.
5	Why didn't I come here before? I've always seen those drunk college girls carrying around those obnoxiously huge drinks, but dammit, I decided to be one of those drunk girls, and it was great. Got a yard dog, which is 32oz for $12, and refills for $10. First time I got the CAT 5 Hurricane which has 7 shots of 151 Everclear in it. Definitely got me toasted. Worth every penny. They also do extra shots for a $1 and jello shots for $1. The next time I blended the strawberry with the margarita to get...strawberry margarita. Definitely more manageable. Best bang for your buck, and they taste great too!
5	Huge ass F*** Yeah!Must come here when in Vegas and you're ready to party.Jello shots: $1Extra shots with your drink: $1 Yard: :$12Monster yard: ~$16? too drunk to even care how much it wasIt only takes a yard plus 2 extra shots to get you wasted in Vegas.  Cheap and good.They let you sample things if you're not sure what to get.  I ordered the 44 Magnum which is they're big hit plus the Bellini.  Love the Bellini! Especially since I'm a peach fan.Service here is always friendly for the 4 times I went here.  All of them are nice and patient.  You want to get drunk quick and fast w/ some yummy icees? Go here!
4	It's cheap. It's effective. It'll give you a headache.This was the stop we used to make as college students. But I haven't been back in a while. Extra shots are always worth it, and if your goal in vegas is like everyone else's, this place will do it to you faster than any other place will.My drink of choice was the 190 Octane. If you take a nap afterwards, you're guaranteed an instant hangover.
3	I think this is just another case of hype, and even in this case. It's yelp hype :(We bought two yards and shared between 4 guys. Got an extra shot of Bacardi 151 for $1.50... mixed in of course, who would ever take a shot of that nasty, cheap stuff by itself YIKES!Each yard was $14 I believe and we got Mango, so by the end of it we each drank half of a yard and loaded up on sugar and calories but with no buzz what so ever?Great, we paid over $30 to be loaded up on sugar and syrup... now we're just walking around the strip with a bladder full of piss.No thanks Fat Tuesday.
5	I definitely love love love fat tuesday! I honestly don't really think it's that expensive for a drink from here.I got the pineapple amaretto and it's pure yummy with an extra shot! 15 minutes later, I was definitely buzz on the strip. (Unlike the eiffel towers which are filled with shitty alcohol and you end up feeling shitty and drunk). I'm not saying fat tuesday gives you shots of expensive alcohol, but at least tolerable alcohol. I think they use ketel one for vodka (not bad). Although, I think the Octane 190 would have got me effed up within seconds. The best part of this place is that they actually let you sample it so you know what you're buying. Because I don't wanna waste my money on a shit drink. The people working here are always extremely nice and chilled. They even let me sample numerous things before I decided on a drink.If you have never tried this place, it is definitely worth stopping by and trying a drink.You pay full price for your first drink, but if you bring back your plastic yard/cup, you get a discount.Definitely coming back!
4	I love fat tuesday! Get the monster yard ... you just can't go wrong!
4	It ain't a Vegas trip unless you have one of these babies in your hands while you stroll around the strip. I am the type who hates the nasty after taste of alcohol in a sweet or blended drink. Fat Tuesdays has a great selection to choose from and adding another shot is as easy as 1-2-3. I prefer the Mango or Pina colada one! Super tropical and festive. Friends usually prefer the 151 (more bang for your buck considering its a little stronger). You can't taste the alcohol but oh, is it there. Pace yourself or you will get a brain freeze and on top of that, belligerent friends (if your friends are belligerent).
5	Do i really have to say anything else ?!its vegas ... its alcohol ... its cheap ...& its COLD!!! Theres different spots to pick one up so you cant really miss it.ITS A MUST when hitting the strip.
4	Cheap fruity frozen drinks on the Vegas strip! Whats not to like?!
5	OMG... Well I mean, there's really not much that's negative about a Fat Tuesday. Unless you're a square and worry about the hangover the next day, but c'mon... !@#$ it. You're in Vegas, just drink away your hangover the next day. It's a flippin' alcoholic blended beverage. Flavors like strawberry and mango, as well as margarita and blue raspberry. They even had a Red Bull/Vodka flavor. And it's only $12 for a damn reasonable amount of it. And you just keep the bottle and it's cheaper for a refill! Added shots range from a single buck to $3, depending on the type of alcohol.But seriously... it's a good deal, but it's a bit ridiculous. I don't know... it seems somewhat foolish to be carrying around such huge obnoxious containers, but I'll tell you what, when it's a hot day out on the strip, and you're carrying one of these around, sipping it's icy, delicious nectar... you won't care what you look like to others, 'cause they are all just staring at you with jealousy. =D
5	I don't go anywhere else but Fat Tuesday's when in Vegas! They have the best  alcoholic beverages EVER!!!!Don't forget to add 2, 3 or four shots!! (no clue, why I am suggesting this, I'm usually done after a few sips) haha!!
3	Seeing as we have one of these back home in Philly, and, to put it kindly, it's a $%^&-hole, I was totally shocked to find one in Vegas. My friends, amazed by the huge glasses, decided to split one while I said I'd only have a few sips as I planned to drink later in the night & needed to be the Sober Sally of the party to make sure no one humiliated themselves at dinner. It's basically your run of the mill Slurpee with alcohol added, but they are pretty delicious. I forget how much the girls paid, but for the huge drink they got, it was definitely worth it. I felt like such a weirdo at dinner, sipping this from the floor, as the glass was so huge it couldn't sit atop our table. They did manage to finish it and planned on saving the plastic glass, but for some unknown reason they talked to some creeper guys on our floor who asked to see it and promptly threw it over the hallway balcony from way up high in the Luxor pyramid. Overall the drinks are okay and the glasses are novelty (I believe you could even get a bucket? but I could be wrong here), but I'd rather have a classier drink somewhere else. Although there is a definitely fun feeling that comes along with totting around an alcoholic beverage the size of your arm.
5	I love this place. No matter which one I go to in Vegas, they are always friendly and my drinks & jello shots are so good.
5	Whoa whoa whoa.... everclear soaked cherries?  Oh Vegas...I don't know if I recommend these, but then again I am a lightweight.  However, the Mango Rum and Strawberry Rum flavors are DELICIOUS.  Sadly I was a bit sick during my trip and couldn't indulge in Fat Tuesday as much as I would have liked.  But next time, I'm trying every flavor!!Went to the one in the MGM Grand and the one in the Forum Shops, btw.  Both were excellent in service and quality.
5	BEST PRE-PARTYING in vegas!!!  The bartenders are all amazing and the most friendly and fun ones ever, and the Fat Tuesday in the forum shops is THE BEST fat tuesday in vegas.  They make the drinks strong enough for a good time, and the Bellini slushie mixed with everything is great.  The starwberry, rum, peach are my favorites.  If you ask for a "gummy bear shot", it'll be the best non-alcoholic tasting shot you'll ever has, that (after a few) will do the trick.
5	Fat Tuesday's 190 Octane with two extra shots of Everclear. DO IT.
5	Don't know how to start your stay in Vegas? Go to Fat Tuesday is the place to begin Vegas. Fruity slurpees infused with alcohol.... what could go wrong? Buy a glass with a couple extra shots of deliciousness and walk the strip. At the end of the night you'll be wobbling back to your hotel. Refills are discounted when you bring back your mug.
5	Yeah this is a standard place to go to if you want to do Vegas right. It's basically that popular daquiri place that every 20- something year olds get those long cups from and carry around the strip. Flavors range from 190 octane (orange), peach, mango and pina colada. Me and my friends got our fat tuesdays before walking the strip on a nice sunny day and the half 190 octane/peach bellini really helped me go and have fun.The pricing is not that bad... It's $12 for the yard dog (?) and if you would like to add more shots its $1 each. I definitely had one more shot, hahaha. Also if you save your cup, to get a refill is cheaper.
5	Thank you Fat Tuesday. For all the bad decisions and black outs that I had in the middle of the afternoon. LOL. I think this is the location in the Forum Shops? Conveniently located right next to the Mirage, I made at least one stop here everyday. They give you a coupon to save a dollar that you keep so you can use every time. I shared with the bf 1/2 a yard because honestly, the yard was unrealistic for the both of us. By the recommendation of YELP we got the 190 octane+ mango + 1 shot of Everclear DAILY. I thought this would have been a good idea to fuel me up for our walk to the Wynn buffet. I ended up passing out on the table midway though lunch while my bf chowed down on crab legs . Classy, I know right?
4	Fat Tuesday is the place to be if you want to get piss drunk before the sun sets.  If you want to black out, feel free to request extra shots.  The bartenders are very fun and attentive, and its actually quite a challenge to finish the 42 inch.  In terms of alcohol to cost ratio, this has got to be one of the best deals on the strip.  Get your pregaming on!
5	For $12, you get a half-yard sized souvenir cup and 2 margarita flavors. Refills are $8. The flavors we got were the Birnelli (peach), Octane 190 (orange), pina colada, and mango. All the flavors here are equally fantastic so pick anything. The line is really long but for a really good reason. This is a place in Vegas you have to stop by every time you're here.
5	$13 for a yarder and $10 for refills after ?! HECK YES!!! $1 for extra shots and open all day, practically ?! HECK YES!!! Fat Tuesday's to stay cool from the Vegas sun and to have one hell of a time in Sin City ?! HELLLL YESS!!!Seriously. If you're in Vegas, drop by. You won't be disappointed. This will kick off your day/night the right way and it's definitely worth the money you're paying. I seriously could not stop coming back, I really miss this place!For the stronger tolerances: 190 Octane is pretty buff. Eye Candy is pretty strong too.For the smoother, fruitier tastebuds: Bellini is the way to go. Can't go wrong with this one!Have fun, drink up, and stay responsible!!
4	do i feel stupid that i'm always the only little asian girl out of a group walking around with a stick of frozen alcohol like a frat guy? sometimes..but sometimes you just need to down the 190 octane with an extra shot with pride! besides, the more you drink, the less you'll remember that you look like a drunk frat guy.
5	UNLIMITED SAMPLES and $1 shots. Yeah! That's the stuff.Strawberry Daiquiri and Spiked Lemonade, please...and thank you.
4	Bring back the mudslide!!!!! it was the BEST!This is one of my favorite places to visit in Vegas and I always make it a point to come here on every trip. $1 shots (either to take or to add to your drink) or jello shots, a slew of frozen flavored drinks that you can booze up to your liking. I always get the $13 yard, and you can come back for refills! Just try not to think about/research the calorie counts, and you'll enjoy this place. The bartenders are always nice, social and funny too. Definitely the best/cheapest place to drink on the strip. I was very excited for my beloved mudslide, and went to 2 different locations for it, only to be told that it was discontinued and that "everyone still asks about it." It was the only non-fruity flavor offered, which was nice. Fat Tuesday Corporate Headquarters, if you're reading this, can we please have the mudslide back?
5	Rx for a good time....Car Mug of Cat 5 or 190 High Octaine  (plus 4,  YES I SAID 4, $1 shots of Everclear.)  Hit the pool area and let the fun begin.As always friends and neighbors, when it comes to Food, Drink or Overall Value........ ALWAYS TRUST A FAT MAN!   :)Cheers!Pat WaltersAnaheim, CA
5	it's become a tradition.  get your drink (xtra shot of course), walk into metro park for that l.a. doosh look, then sit at the planet hollywood blackjack table and watch shorty with daddy issues dance the pole in the pleasure pit.  truly a hangover killer.
5	Amazing!!! Hurricane's are the BOMB!!
3	This is a great pit-spot!! Great place to get ready for The ultra-Violence... They have a variety of slushies that are packed with liquor-y goodness.
4	OH BOY. MIDNIGHT KISS AT 3pm on a SUNDAY? And the bartender gave me purple and gold straws?!! Amazing.
5	always a MUST whenever i visit vegas! 190+pineapple=drunk me! love that you can mix different flavors and they even have a menu for you with the different mixes that you can get if you can't decide on what you want. i wish every hotel had a fat tuesday!
5	190 Ocatane for me, Peach belini for the girlfriend.  What more can you ask for? Must get in vegas.
5	Let's be honest here. If you aren't 21 yet, Las Vegas won't be AS fun until you turn 21. It's just a fact. That being said, if you ARE 21, it's probably the best idea to go to Fat Tuesday.Because if you're like me, you like being drunk in Vegas for about 18 hours of the day. The other 6 are spent pretending you like going to "tourists" spots that your friends seem to like. And trust me, the Fat Tuesday will help with those 6 hours.The lines go by quick, and the people behind the counter are pretty friendly (from what I remember).  For the "best" experience with a Fat Tuesday, go with the High Octane and pay an extra dollar for another shot (I have yet to try the Everclear. My courage isn't quite that high yet).It's around $12 for about $30 worth of drunkenness. So you really can't go wrong when you feel like making the afternoon fun. Just remember...even though it's legal to drink out in public....yelling at kids at the mall randomly is not. Especially if you grab one by the collar and lift him in the air just to feel strong. Otherwise, stop by Fat Tuesday and enjoy a delicious drink! You won't regret it!
5	Probably one of the better deals in Vegas to get messed up fast and semi cheap in my opinion. $35 for 100 oz of alcohol slurpee which seems good to me. 190 octane with 2-4 extra shots of everclear is the way to go, especially when the shots are only $1 extra each. Orange gets tiring fast though so it is good to mix it with some cat 5 hurricane or try the bloody smurfthought i would add this in, price wise, fat tuesday is also cheaper than most other places like it on the strip as far as straight up price numbers go, but also, you get the best bang for the buck in my personal opinion because the slushy already has alcohol mixed into it (not sure how much, but it seems to be a decent amount) rather than places like lime ice that pour in a couple shots, then fill with slushy, then a couple more shots, then slushy till you have your "x" amount of shots (i know the 100oz at lime ice has 8 shots in it)
5	This is one of my fave Fat Tuesday spots along the strip. Luckily for me, we were staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers by Westgate, so I didn't have to step outdoors to get some. I brought my old foot-long cup, so it was $10 for a refill ($12 originally). Every time I went, there was a line. Everyone wants a Fat Tuesday! Haha.My fave combo is Bellini & Strawberry. 190 Octane is good, but pretty strong. I recommend an extra shot ;p It's only $1 anyways. If you're in Vegas, you have to get a Fat Tuesday. I never leave Vegas without getting one :p
4	I love Fat Tuesday. Why? Because it makes getting fucked up during the daytime easy and delicious, with their sweet, fruity and surprisingly potent slushies. For just $12, you can get enough alcohol from a margarita or 190 octane that would otherwise cost at least $30 at a bar to get your juices flowing. I like this location because it's conveniently located in PH, and the bartenders are always nice about letting you sample the flavors before you commit. Seriously, if you're traveling all the way to Vegas, you have to come to Fat Tuesday. Maybe even again and again, since each refill saves you about $2.
5	Saturday morning alcohol fix. I'm not a big drinker, but this refreshing slushie drink on a 105 degree day definitely hit the spot.Probably not the smartest start to my morning, but fruity, perfectly slushed, cold and without the taste of too much alcohol, couldn't really complain at the moment. I got the superman and shared the $14 one with my friend. We couldn't even finish it. For LV, i'd say it's a pretty good deal
4	My first LEGAL drink that I proudly walked around with in Las Vegas. I was proudly wearing my "21 tiara" and sipped this wonderful drink all afternoon!! My friends decided to get me the LARGEST one they had. It was $17.. threw in an Extra shot.. $18. Not bad!!! Shared it with a friend and we could barley finish it :) loved it.
5	i love love love this place. i have tried other spots that had this concept, but it does not give you the same feeling that fat Tuesday gives you. i am always satisfied with the half yard; it seriously gets the job done. the strongest they have is octane, but when you mix it with any other flavors and add more shots you know the party's getting started. it is seriously the greatest companion when walking around Vegas strip. what's better is that they are located in several locations so once you reach that destination you can refill with a discounted price if you use their souvenir cups. i like the concept that it is a slushy drink because it stays cold however long you babysit it. the prices are also reasonable because for the amount you get at fat Tuesday is nothing compared to the bars and clubs. breakfast, lunch, dinner and after midnight snack, fat Tuesday is the way to go to get that full on las Vegas experience.
5	Frozen daiquiris with extra shots for $1 AND $1 Jello shots?! By far THE BEST drink deal on The Strip (besides gambling and getting free drinks, of course). My boyfriend made it a point that we visit this place when we got to Vegas and I LOVED IT. I made it a point to have a drink or two there EVERY day I was there. Buy a souvenir cup and save it for a couple bucks off everytime you refill. You WILL refill. The 190 octane + 40 Magnum will set your soul on fire an it burns as it goes down. GET INTO IT.
5	Who doesn't love Fat Tuesdays. Got the Octane one, and it was strong but not too strong! If I say it's not that strong then it's not because when I taste the alkie, I gag :) Had a little buzz going on after I finished mine...but the buzz was weird..I felt like I was floating..maybe they put a lil somethin somethin in it when I wasn't lookin lol.Anywho, love love love! Always go back and this time I actually didn't forget my cup in our hotel so I'll definitely bring it with me on next Vegas trip!
5	Hurricane + Pineapple Amaretto (or Mango) = GUARANTEED BUZZ, HAPPY TASTEBUDS, AND A GOOD TIME!There are many of these throughout the Strip, and my personal fave is the one in MGM.  You won't go wrong either way though.  This is THE way to do it: cheap, tasty alcohol in all the happiness of one of those fun cups!!  A must-do.
5	besides open bar for you ladies, probably the best bang for your buck anywhere along the strip: a half yard of cocktail for $11. compare that to the 2 ounce cups of watery $15 long islands at xs or marquee(great clubs otherwise) and you wonder why you don't just pregame here every time. too bad those evil bartenders are forever peddling their $1 shots like they be goin out of style. did you say no? then you remember why as you're laid the f out on the toilet at xs at 3am and a bouncer is pounding on your bathroom stall wondering if he got the next paris hilton or bruno mars on his case.    oh well, cheers to vegas! get slurpees not herpees!
5	Fat Tuesdays is an absolute must when visiting Las Vegas.  This prime location, inside the Planet Hollywood Casino allows customers to stop in halfway down the strip for a cool getaway from the often sweltering heat.I must admit, I have always wanted to try one of their concoctions and finally got the opportunity during my last trip to Vegas.  The bartenders were really friendly and let me taste several flavors before making my final selection.  Fat Tuesdays makes the most awesome Pineapple Amaretto drink as well as the 190 Octane (for professional use only).  Add an extra shot of alcohol for $1.  You won't be sorry.
4	Mmm fat tuesdays. Must-get in vegas. The original yardstick -- I've tried the yardsticks from paris, hard rock and coyote ugly (at new york new york) but fat tuesdays is the best of all.My personal fav flavor is the peach bellini -- because it's fruity&yummy -- you can't taste the alcohol at all. The mango & strawberry mixed (you can ask for half and half of two flavors) is pretty bomb too.I think the 190 octane is the strongest/alcoholic drink out of all the flavors (i think there's like 6 or 7).Its only an extra $1 for a test-tube shot in your drank, in case its not alcoholic enough for you!
4	Another yummy trip to Fat Tuesday. Definitely can't beat their $12 half yard. There are two locations on the strip - in the Caesars Palace Forum and in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood.My personal fav is the peach bellini because you get that yummy fruit flavoring combined with the fresh pop of champagne. A lot of my friends also got the mango and strawberry mix, which was also pretty good. Nice thing about these tall drinks is that you keep a nice buzz for a while.
5	I love this spot! Pina Colada & Strawberry = Daiquiri heaven! They put just the right amount of alcohol in their mix and an extra shot is only $1! Holla! lol We stayed @ the PH Towers so this location was perfect!!!!!!!!!!! Super convenient and well priced compared to another competitors around the strip!
5	190 Octane with an extra shot of 151 ALL DAY!Super delicious and fruity AND it gives you one hell of a buzz!  Can't ask for more!
4	My first yelp review! Only cuz I'm bored here at cirque de soule waiting for my girlfriend to get back from the bathroom. Anyways...they definitely made our walk more interesting. Their drinks are just the perfect amount of alchy and fruity stuff! We went to the one by palms but there are other locations such as MGM and mandalay bay apparently.... Everyone and I mean EVERYONE and their moms talked about it so we went to go see the hype. Our bartender Nate was hella cool but he was wearing a dallas cowboys hat so not so cool. NINERS! We got their strawberry mango fusion drink which tastes so good! Had to get the long cup as a souvenir. Def would come back! Best way to start the trip when you're thinking..."I'm here in Vegas!! Now what..."
4	Great place to grab a tall fruity drink during the day and make it last.  Definitely one of the more touristy things about Vegas.  It's between the Luxor and the Mandalay walking area.  I recommend the Miami Vice with the 151 shot.
4	This is the place to go if you like a good frozen cocktail!It rocks!!!
5	Yes folks! This is the place to go for the alcohol when you are in Vegas Baby! Its cheap...strong...tasty and lots and lots of choices.  They serve margaritas....8 or so flavors ....all pretty tasty...12 oz is about 8 bucks...long yard stick is about 17 bucks...lasted me all night! The Strawberry flavor and bellini is sweet and good.  For a stronger..bit more sour drink...try the 190 octane/cat 5 hurricane.  You could even add a small shot( they call it a shot but my curious self went home and measured...its only filled about 1/3 of a shot glass) for a buck! Great deal.  Jell-O shots are $1...Refills are discounted if you have one of their special cups. To get drunk with friends...have a good time walking on the strip..this place is great.  I found this one in MGM (near self parking) to be strong...the one in Planet hollywood (Near Earl's of sandwich which is close to the entrance off of the strip..you just have to walk a little further in and ask someone)  isn't as strong but good...and Imperial palace to be really strong. Drink away!
5	I can't believe I never reviewed Fat Tuesday earlier. I'm even more surprised I didn't check in there o.O. That tells you I was having too much fun I guess...or I just have bad memory..which is more likely the case :PTrue, I went here about 2 months ago but I was just talking to a friend about it yesterday and that reminded me that I still didn't review them.Anyways, Fat Tuesday daiquiris were the first alcoholic drink I had in Vegas. :D I suppose this review will be for all the ones I visited: Imperial Palace, MGM Grand, and Planet Hollywood. But, I'll try to concentrate on MGM Grand because that's the specific location for this review. The first one I visited was at Imperial Palace because I stayed at that hotel for my first night in Vegas.  I visited Planet Hollywood's location once or twice during that trip and MGM Grand about twice I believe. We were only there for about a week so that sort of tells you how often we went to Fat Tuesdays. My friends and I all shared 3 glasses which we reused over and over again until the 2nd to last day when I decided to buy my own since most of us wanted our own. I always got Mango, Strawberry, and Pina Colada all mixed together. For $1 more, you can also get a shot of Everclear in it but I can't handle that. I can hardly finish  my glass without the extra alcohol. It may seem sorta pricey but it's not really since you get a slight discount when you recycle the glasses (little humbug though since you have to hold onto it) and unless you are super hardcore, one is usually enough to get your feeling pretty good and it lasts a while too since it's frozen. I'm too lazy to make multiple reviews..there's really no point I feel because I felt that my service was awesome at all 3 locations that I attended. I can't wait to go back to Fat Tuesday next time I return to Vegas...wonder when that will be though =\ lol
4	We visited the location in the Planet Hollywood Mall, and my girl is not a big drinker.  We were given a few samples, and I went with a mix of the hurricane and 190.  It was much stronger than what I expected, even before the extra shot.  My girl got the Bellini, which was weak and fruity, but I could see why girls love this.  They lose a star for such a small selection at this location, also, the extra shot was cheap vodka and not grain.
3	Variety of slushies in a variety of different sized commemorative cups. For an extra dollar you can add a [test tube] shot.I got the 24 ounce Bellini with an extra shot of 151. About an hour into drinking it,  I could feel the bacteria feeding off the sugar and cavities forming.OMG it was sweet. Almost every picture I took for the next 4 hours had my damn slushie drink in it because I couldn't drink it faster than 1 inch an hour.One plus is that the commemorative plastic cup is pretty sturdy. minus is that it's pretty damn expensive for a slushie.
5	I LOVE FAT TUESDAYS. 'Nuff said.Ok, fine, I'll say a little more. Buy a cup; one of the best investments in Vegas since you'll probably lose everything either in the casinos or on the dance floor in the club. I bring mine every time I go to Vegas :DBest combos:- Strawberry + 190 octane = really strong- Bellini + strawberry + mango = super fruity, not really strong at all- Bellini + strawberry + 190 octane = goooodd shitttttFrom what I can remember:- Bellini = peach schnapps + champagne- 190 octane = orange + everclearLots of equations here for you, but you don't need to be a rocket scientist to get what you like! Free samples and ONLY $1 FOR EXTRA SHOT (which can be like.. Bacardi 151 or .. other potent liquids).Locations (they're written on your cup, nice and nifty):- Imperial Palace- MGM Grand- Caesar's Forum Shops- Mandalay Place- Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops (this location)- Stratosphere
5	32 ounce 180 octane with extra shots is all you will need. You'll feel silly. And, it's only $14.00. Oh, and the service has always been good here. I always go to Fat Tuesdays beofre doing anything in Vegas
4	great prices - the girls I was with knew their stuff, so we walked by 4 other places that were 50-100% more per half yard than here. a lot of math to do when you're trying to get drunk, i know, but it was worth it. I got the mango berry with an extra shot, and let me tell you, while it was tasty.. i tried so hard and that damn thing just kept regenerating for the first half an hour. it was insane! i just don't know how they do that. also beware of a major brain freezing... it hurts. anyway, be sure to find your way here for some good times, and some good shopping.
5	Line is ridiculously LONG at night, especially when its right before 10pm because that is when night clubs are open and when people want to get effed up. (pregame).I got Bellini with strawberry and mango...droool...its not that strong and its quite fruity. I love slushie mixed drinks so this is the place for me
5	Like Earl's, this place is a must during a Vegas trip. Also located in one of my favorite hotels (Planet Hollywood), this is THE bar to go to to get materials for proper day-drinking. The bartenders are hilarious and always have a great sugary-drink concoction to suggest. They also let you sample a few of the mixes before choosing which one you want without getting catty (AHEM, looking at you, Coyote Ugly).
4	Amazing. Great price, yummy drinks...awesome test tube shots sticking out! What more could you want in Vegas...great place if you want a cool refreshing buzz for a decent price!
5	I love Fat Tuesday! There are several locations on The Strip in Las Vegas: The Forums Shops at Caesar's, the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood and Imperial Palace, just to name a few. I'll say that the Imperial Palace location is by far the easiest to get to, but I think it also had only three flavors.The best flavor in my opinion is the 190 octane. It's not overly sweet and you can still taste the alcohol, without it being overpowering. I always get the $14 mug with the $1 additional shot and it's enough to get me nice and toasty. Definitely a Vegas favorite!
4	If you want to drink all day and all night. This place will make it happen. Their drinks are humongous!.
4	I remember years ago I drank that really "long" drink and it was blue. This time I just ordered a cup. Plus it was really cold out and I would get colder if I were to stroll around with this thing so I only had a little one.We opted to order the strongest drinks on the menu. I had the CAT 5 Hurricane and my husband ordered the 190 Octane. I think my body does not know how to handle drinks when it is cold out. I did not get too buzzed. I think it would go better with summer. My husband was buzzed which is great since he normally doesn't drink. Perhaps there was a little delay for the effects since I did fall asleep immediately after. Hah. The taste was not fruity and very alcohol-y but still better than taking it as a shot as I would have fallen over.Anyway, I heard this particular location is the best and the strongest. Easy to get to too.
5	$1 Dollar jello shots...who can beat that
5	I love this place.  You can't beat going here and getting test tube shots of everclear.  Only bad thing about this place is the photography store next door which makes for fun pictures.
4	Yummy big drinks, this place is great! I guess for the size it's priced ok.
4	When in Vegas...got to get a tall alcoholic beverage! This place is awesome. They've got a variety of flavors and they're all yummy. The price is decent too.
5	I could drink these massive yummy alcoholic delights all day and night while in Vegas. Actually I did on my last trip. You can not beat the prices on this with the refills and locations all thru the strip. I had one in hand constantly last time I visited. My fav is the one in Imperial Palace. The bartenders were super friendly and fast. The 50/50 with an extra shot is perfection.
5	One of the best deals on the strip and it may be the only drink you need all night. You will see people carrying the plastic yard cups everywhere but don't be fooled Fat Tuesday is the best. Always get the extra shot and feel free to mix flavors. The best locations are Imperial Palace and Ceasars, apparently they are owned separately and they do make better drinks. Just a warning, pure grain alcohol leads to and unpredictable night, good luck
4	Went to the Miracle Mile Shop in PH and got the hurricane flavor with 2 shots of Everclear.Tasted good. Got me to a state that I wanted. Some other flavors were too sweet, some too watery but mine was good so I don't care.
5	Do it! It's definitely worth it. Even if you don't refill it it's a great deal.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I always get the mango flavor! It can get pretty intense later on because the alcohol creeps inside of ya. Was little buzz walking around the strip. I always get the tall cup one. It's fun holding it sharing with friends. Be careful at the bottom of the cup because all the alcohol is down there. I can't wait to go to Vegas again for FAAAAATTTT TUESDAYYY!!! :):)
5	If you get your ass all the way to Vegas and DON'T get at least one Fat Tuesday, you're a fool. Being the alcoholic that I am, one of the best parts of Vegas for me is the open container rule. I can do everything I usually do on vacation, but drunk! And I don't even have to be sneaky about it! This slushy-from-heaven is, in my humble opinion, the best way to achieve inebriated nirvana whilst doing whatever you do in Sin City.I must recommend the "Pimp Juice" flavor (Hurricane and...Strawberry?), with the extra shot of course. I asked the very nice lady how many shots the yard was equivalent to and she said 6.5 (including the extra shot). For $11 (if you already have the cup and are just refilling). Cheaptastic.Fat Tuesday, never change, I love you just the way you are.
5	Probably one of my favorite place for a cold ice-blended drinks in Vegas. Mmmm, but my friend ordered the Monster Yard that was like half her size (~36). The price wasn't too bad and the drink was good-- minus the Octane (which was way too strong for my one-shot wonder self).This place is similar to a fast food joint-- grab your drink and go. It's nice to carry this around and just to get the compliments and get TIPSSSSSAY throughout the streets in Vegas.Next time I come here, I'm getting one. No sharin'. Just me and my Fat Tuesday! And with all the fruit flavors, this place is definitely one of my favorites!
5	I've been here twice and i must say, one of the more cost efficient ways to get drunk on the strip!When I went the line was slow to move since there was only one worker and many people not knowing what to order. Everything is right infront of you! the types of drinks they have, prices of cups, BUT they have a menu suggesting mixes of slushy to get other flavors!The only drink i remember getting was a yard of a big stick (mix of pineapple-something & amaretto) and it really tasted like a big stick! Imo the drinks are pretty stiff even without extra shots, as my friend ordered the same thing with two extra shots, and tasted exactly the same. What I disliked was the crazy sugar high crash/ hangover I got 5 hours later haha.Something you "have" to get when your in vegas!
5	Whoo! Definitely cheaper than some of the bars for the yard-stick sized drinks and center of everything. A Vegas staple!
5	A definite must if you are at Vegas. FAT TUESDAYS!!!!!!!!! YEAH!!!You get to mix a bunch of different combinations into your fat tuesday if you want.WARNING: mixing too much different kinds will probably mess you up for the rest of the day, not that I've tried before or anything of course.You can also add an extra house shot for only $1, cmon now, can't beat that. Pricing is as good as it gets as well for all the different sizes.
5	It's soooo good, so good once it touches your lips. Fat Tuesday, you are freaking delicious. $14 for a yard plus $10 for a refill.  My favorite is Strawberry and Hurricane.  The guys that work there are always friendly, they give me an extra shot or two for free.  But it's only $1, but who doesn't like free stuff =P.  I get this only during the day because it is so burdensome to get it at night.  Who wants to carry this to the club?
5	ALWAYS a MUST STOP in vegas every single time i am in sin city!if you wanna feel gooood and i mean goooooooood- def grab a yard long here with a extra shot for $1 more ;]my fave is always the 190 octane with a extra shot...and make sure you down that sucker. dont cheat and leave the shot still in the tube if youre almost done. shake the shit out of it haha. the last time i grabbed one here was this past vday and let me tell you...if it could get my bf and i drunk (with our own yard longs of course)...damn straight itll get you feelin' good too..if you know what i mean haha.just trust me, all you need is a any yard long they got...but dont forget to add that extra shot!
5	Awesomeness....love it!!! Get the mother pucker shots only $1. We actually bought a whole bottle of cake vodka from the manager there. If u wanna get drunk cheap frequent this place.
5	I had the Mango slush with the extra shot. Floating through the mall near the Venetian. Aw YEAH!!!
5	yummmmmmmmThis is simply a must-have... just make sure you have an empty stomach because, oh boy, does this drink FILL YOU UP. I got the biggest and baddest one (I think it's called a yard?) Definitely wayyyy too big for me, but I put on my big girl pants to handle it. (Okay, okay, with a third left, I gave it to a friend...I... Just....Couldn't...Do..It)And to make matters worse, I got the lowest alc one - The Bellini, which was SCRUMPTIOUS (I had tasted pretty much every single one and had to get this one) So the fact that I couldn't finish it... welllll, I was made fun of... The pina colada was good too, but not as sweet as I would like.Yup, pretty much sound like a wimp in this review... oh well :/**** Add a shot for a dollar!!
3	Cheap drinks. Shots of 151 sitting in a pool of strawberry margarita mix.(Un)memorable nights ahead.Was great a few years back before Yelp got big. You can go in for a quick order and leave within 2-3 minutes. I'm glad they're doing well, but it's a hassle going to Fat Tuesday nowadays when you have to wait in line.
4	Amaretto pinapple was great, didnt like the cherry jello shots though. This place had me f'd up by the end of the night.
5	if you want a memorable night avoid this place. If you want a night where you might not remember (due to the strong liquid goodness) you want to stop here. Great spot to stop by while in Vegas.
4	I like this place. I have been going here for a few years. They have good sluppie tasting drinks with as many shots as you want for a decent price. Only thing I hate about it now is that there is such a long line with it new found popularity. I used to could take my time choose my cup drink and how many shots, hang out for a few minutes and leave. Now I have to wait in line and hurry up and order and get out of the crowd. I dont go as much now because of the lines. Every one visiting vegas should come here at least once for the experience and drinks.
5	AWW YEEAAAAHHH FAT TUESDAYS  It's an institution here in Las Vegas and you'd be darned if you didn't have one while your here. Basically they're adult Slurpee's that come in a variety of flavors that you cane mix and match. (My personal favorite was the 190 Octane with the Hurricane)  Grab the yard-long for $18 and come back with the cup and get a refill for $13, plus extra shots are a $1 each! (Keep in mind these bad boys carry 4 shots in them already)   Take one in hand on the strip and try not to tell me the rest of your day doesn't feel much more merry. haha
4	Definitely a must-have when in Vegas! I've tried the Bellini, 44 Magnum, and Cadillac Margarita. The Bellini is really yummy and fruity, but not very strong. If anything, it just made me sleepy from the sugar. The 44 Magnum, along with all the other specialty mixes are supposed to be stronger. I took a sip of my friend's Cadillac Margarita and it wasn't too bad either. In my opinion, choosing from this menu gives you more bang for your buck, considering all drinks are based on the size cup you choose. Let's just say I didn't need that extra shot in the 44 Magnum! Although this drink was stronger, it still tasted pretty good. I recommend getting the car mug. It's reasonably sized and more practical to re-use. Make sure to bring it back for your next visit to save a few bucks!
5	Fat Tuesday... You make me an alcoholic... :)It's Vegas = getting drunk everyday. What better way than having a slush full of alcohol? Yes, Fat Tuesday is the way to go. Located in Planet Hollywood, Caesar's Palace, Mandalay Bay and several other locations, you can always find yourself a refill if you need it. Friends and I always get at least two or three refills before the day ends. ;) We usually go with at minimum the Yard Dog or the Monster Yard ($18-$23)- So far we've only had Strawberry, Mango, Hurricane, and Eye Candy... With 5 extra shots. YEAHHHH! Since they're only $1.00 extra-! W0000000T! Quite cheap compared to Minus 5 that charges about $5 per extra shot. So far, the Mango is still my favorite, the Strawberry ended up very hard to finish and the Hurricane is just too strong for my tastes. As goes, Hurricane is the strongest they have as I heard, because it's filled with a bit of everything in it. Kind of got wasted off of it... With that added five shots. ;) I would suggest the Mango if you like it sweet and girly~ :Dhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/x_yLsQMQtlE0rdxnaf6J5w?select=RRJ9zvYe_KmDaqiJCzU98g
5	Had my first yard and I thought " why not do it big since Im in Vegas and go for the strongest one" So I got the 44magnum and OMG it was amazing! I downed it in under 25 mins and I was set to go run a muck!!!! I didn't do anything horrible... at least from what I remember.. Oh well thats Vegas for you baby!
3	Occasion: Late afternoon drinks with MCT friends What I Had: Miami Vice ($9) Drink Review: The Miami Vice has a combo of pina colada and strawberry, two of my favs. Most of the drinks my friends got from this place were a little too high in sugar content, but mine was fine. It was a little difficult to taste the pina colada, but the strawberry was definitely there. Even their smallest size was pretty filling for me though as we'd had a big brunch. I think my drink had a little higher alcohol-to-slushie ratio as well, perhaps because it was overall much smaller. Or maybe I'm just becoming a lightweight. Service Review: Nothing in particular about the service. They check IDs before you are ushered to one of 4 bartenders who take your order. Venue Review: This Fat Tuesdays in Planet Hollywood is located at a sort of intersection of a mall and has some seating in the middle. Overall Impression: Reasonably priced for Vegas, and honestly I just really wanted to try it for the "brand name." It was well worth it!
5	Went to Vegas for my lil brothers 21st bDay, hit up this place . tried the 32 oz 44 magnum witch was a mix of 180 octane and hurricane, let me just say my lil brother and me were defiantly have the time of our lives on the strip after we fished that drink. the best part was we shared it!. the drink was only $18 and  we had a extra shot. i would say defiantly a great place for a good strong drink for a low price allot in yo cup.
5	Visited 04/06-04/09. LOL! I just read someone's review that said, "Fat Tuesday...you make me an alcoholic" I couldnt have said it better!!! SUPER YUMMY slush drinks, not skimpy on the alcohol, but you won't end up sloppy (on the first one at least, excpet for maybe with the 180 octane, I heard was a beast! I stood clear of it though), many flavor combos (BIG STICK (the the popsicle) IS THE BEST!) inexpensive (an extra shot of your choice of liqure for $1.00). Suvounir cups w/ refills, as many times as you'd like, even days later for a couple of bucks cheaper than you bought the drink for. #WINNING!!
5	My absolute favorite place to get yummy slushy drinks in Vegas! I pack my souvenir pilsner glass when I revisit this awesome city just to get the discount. I highly recommend adding the $1 extra shoot to your drink. And I also recommend their other $1 flavored shots - they pack a lot of bang for that buck!!
5	If you're looking to get drunk in Vegas, Fat Tuesday is by far the best place to get you there. With the tasty slush favors and the extra shot for a buck, it's the cheapest and most effective way to get yourself bombed.
5	How can you go to Vegas and NOT have one of these delicious Fat Tuesday margaritas?  These drinks are freakin tasty...just imagine a high quality icee with alcohol..that makes you buzzed.  Prices aren't bad at all for. what you get.  You can even add one extra shot of alcohol for only $1!  Fat Tuesdays=Must when in Vegas
5	1 star for: Tastiness1 star for: Variety of Flavors1 star for: buzz inducing factor1 star for: various locations on the strip1 star for: price-1 star for: not having a location in Los Angeles :'( and even then this place is perfect to get your frozen alcoholic beverage fix when in Vegas... *sigh*
5	When in Vegas, always go for a Fat Tuesday. Price is not that bad compared to other places that serve similar drinks (aka the Yard ones). You can choose your drinks or pick out from the already custom made popular ones. I picked the bloody smurf. :) Overall, the service was really good and the bartender was hilarious. :D
5	Yuuuum! you have to stop at fat tuesdays when your on the strip! I went there New Years Eve and though the strip, as well as Fat Tuesdays, was ridiculously packed their service was fast and professional. The drinks were amazing and we all got different flavors to share and sample. Definetly needs to be a tradition during all las vegas trips. As a local, obviously i'd rather drink in the saftey and comfort of my own home for half the cost.
4	The line can be ridiculous and the headache from all that sugar is not fun BUT when in Vegas, it's a must! Many sizes to chose from, a good selection of drinks, and extra shots are only $1. Jello shots topped with whipped cream are only a $1 too and they are a pretty nice size. Make sure to save your yard or cup because the refill is about $4 cheaper. You want the most bang for your buck? Go with the 190 Octane...beware, you might be crawling on the strip later. There are various location on the strip, I've been to the Miracle Mile and Imperial Palace. The Miracle Mile one is big and the line moves fast. Happy drinking!
5	This is the easiest most effective way to get drunk on the strip..  I love it
5	all fat tuesday workers are super nice! :) i always get the tall cup ;) i love the strawberry and mango combo! but never finish it.. :( some people gets drunk off of these...?? i dont get it.. i never feel a thing..maybe next time, i will try it with the extra shot..lolol! by the way..i love their jello shots too!! :) :) lovelovee
4	Ordered the magnum 44 with an extra shot. The bartender was super generous when pouring the extra shot. Tasty drink, and friendly bartenders. What more could you ask for? Bottoms up!
5	You cannot go to Vegas without experiencing a Fat Tuesday! Where else can you publicly walk around carrying a yard stick filled with 'Adult ICEE' and long straws??My personal favorite flavor is Bellini which I believe is a mix of champagne and peach schnapps. Most of the flavors taste too strong to me, and I like my drinks fruity with minimal alcohol taste. It's perfect for those warm summer days, but make sure to grab napkins because your hands will get cold fast.
5	I have absolutely NOTHING bad to say about Fat Tuesdays!!!!! The drinks are delish and you can get an extra shot for only $1! The cups are great quality and you can refill for a minimal price. They let you sample the drinks before purchasing and the staff is super friendly! Also, if you're near Dick's Last Resort (In Excalibur), you must try the "purple drank"!
4	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Fun-sized drinks (size o your head oooor go ballsy and get one 4 ft tall) and yes you can drink alcoholic dranks in public :)2) Delish flavors (bellinis, pina coladas, fruit punch twists)3) Not that pricey and worth it to last you till lunch or early dinner Cons:1) Not strong at all, unless you pay $3 more for an additional shot2) Can become a pain in the arse to lug around that plastic cup
4	After three trips to Vegas, I finally had my first Fat Tuesday, and it was the stupidest thing I've done in years.I got what was called a 44 Magnum -- which is a blend of the 190 Octane (their most popular flavor... a sick blend of grain alcohol with their famous orange punch) and the Hurricane (which has 151 and other random punches).I asked for a monster yard (pretty much what all the guys in my group had... I don't know how many ounces but they said they were gone after finishing them), and instead the cashier gave me a size that was like two thirds of my height (I stand at 5'4"). I didn't stop him because I don't usually do that.  And hell, it's Vegas.And then my friends bought five extra shots ($1 each) of Everclear Vodka and dropped it in there.  It's funny because they pour the shots in vials and just drop them into the container, so it sinks to the bottom... causing the top and bottom to be especially strong of alcohol.Bill rung up $45.We walked from Caesars Palace to the MGM Grand, and I was already dragging the container a little less than half of the way there.To put it plainly, "I was fucked up."  A lot of feelings and emotions were happening.  I was happy and energetic, and then I started hating life.But not only did I not yack, I still made it to the club later that night.Fuck the haters.  Minus one star because the server gave me the wrong size.
4	Fat Tuesday is a must for any and every Vegas visit.  I usually go with a combination of the Cat5 hurricane, 190 octane, and the mango.  There are many favors and the staff is friendly enough to let you try out some samples. So don't be shy!  I'd say go with the extra shot for $1 to get a little more buzz out of your drink. Notes: In the past, I've gotten free shots for my birthday, but this location didn't offer that. Oh well. It's still a winner.
5	YUM! Thinking about the Fat Tuesdays that I had makes me want some right now! Located in Planet Hollywood, this slushie bar is very convenient for those who want to gamble or shop around the area. The first time I had the Mango, Strawberry, and the Pina Colada with an extra shot of 151 (which was dumped upside down in a test tube) in the yard dog. If you want the extra buzz to hit you right away, pull the test tube out and the shot will come right out, but if you left it in like me, it gushed out at the very end. I didn't get to enjoy my first drink as much because all the buffet food in my stomach absorbed the alcohol and all I wanted to do after drinking this was sleep!The second time I had the Mango, Strawberry, and Bellini (peach), which I prefer over the Pina Colada, despite my love for coconut. I highly recommend this combination if you like peaches. The mango and strawberry flavors go well with the Bellini!I've also tried my friend's Eye Candy (blue raspberry) with strawberry, but it was a little too sweet and candylike for me.Definitely a recommended experience in Vegas! Mango + Strawberry + Bellini is the way to go! And the yard dog is more worth the money than the smaller sized ones!
4	Hooray for getting my boyfriend wasted!The 190 octane (half yard) is good enough to get one 175 pound male drunk/tipsy. I ordered that for him plus 2 extra shots.  Did you know they use everclear? X__X damn
5	First place I hit up when I get to Vegas!!! 1 dollar for extra shots you can't beat that. Way better than the 10 dollar sissy  drinks in the casino.
4	To start, it's $36 dollars for the yard stick, but it is definitely worth every dollar. Because most likely, you will be at least very drunk by the end of it. Cheaper refills and extra shots are options if you're not quite drunk yet. As for the flavor, I've tried the 44 magnum and the pimp juice; they're both pretty good although I think the 44 magnum is stronger. It's the perfect drink for the hot summer weather. If you're hesitant about anything, just remember you're in Vegas!
4	This is the only place I have no shame at going to at 10 in the morning to get a half yard of mango peach bellini with 2 extra shots. Yeap. No shame. Until I'm drunk outta my mind by noon because I did it on an empty stomach. Happens every time I'm in Vegas, but seriously though without Fat Tuesday, I definitely wouldn't have the crazy Vegas stories to look back on later.I just wish they were 24 hours, I'd be golden or just blacked out...
5	This is where I bought my cup many moons ago. Why'd they tell me that "yah only Caesars Palace sells that cup"  WHATEVER. Mind you in the meantime I've created my own top with a large top from Mickey D's and some tape!Fill me up.... 44Magnum (190 octane and Hurricane) w/2shots of Everclear.I'm no longer bummed that I never made it to CP to get that top. Next trip....
4	Whenever I am in Vegas it just seems natural to be carrying around a Yard full of frozen margaritas, especially on those hot summer days and nights!  There are a lot of Fat Tuesdays around the strip, and this one is located in the MGM Grand.  The prices are great, at $18 for a Yard Dog and $13 refills.  (Compare that to the bar upstairs in the same casino where they charge $23 for the same size!)Feel free to sample the different types, but one of their newest and strongest is the 190 Octane, which is awesome.  Spend a buck for an extra shot of tequila, which is well worth it, and this one drink will seriously kick start your morning!  To find this one, once you are inside the casino head towards the lobby.  Follow the signs to the self parking where you go down an escalator and then you will find Fat Tuesdays on the right hand side.  It is very easy to get to, so do yourself, and your Vegas vacation, a favor and stop by!
5	You can't go to Vegas & not pass by Fat Tuesday! As I was walking throughout Caesars Palace I knew I had to pass by this spot & get a refill. They let you try a flavor, I believe, so it's good to go with friends if you are hesitant about ordering a certain flavor.The staff is very friendly.What stood out to me about this location was that they offered cherries that had been drenched in Everclear for about $1 or so.I ended up ordering a mix of the Bellini, Pina Colada, & Mango to fill up my Yard Stick for $10. I also had an extra shot of Everclear for $1.When I go back to Vegas I will definitely go to Fat Tuesday, wherever that may be!
4	Okay..I can't seem to find the one that's located in Imperial Palace..so I'll settle for this.An adult slushy..that's actually quite strong..if gotten that one. I think it's called the Hurricane that has shots of 151..and it was delicious!! I got the mango and strawberry ones mixed together. Quite good! I'm not a fan of mango..but it was pretty sweet and fruity. You're allowed one sample per person. Bring back your cup and you get I think $5 off your next Fat Tuesday! And it's generally CHEAP!
4	Always my first stop when i land in Vegas.I like soury sweet drinks, so I always get an Amaretto and Pineapple with an extra shot of 151. That extra shot of 151 and trust me, you'll be good for most of the day. Dont forget to save your cups, refills are discounted when you bring them!
4	Yes please. You can't go to Vegas & not stop by Fat Tuesday! If you do, you're not American. Don't let the terrorists win.
5	What's a Vegas trip without a visit to Fat Tuesdays???  This location used to be slightly cheaper than the other location in Planet Hollywood, but this isn't the case anymore. O well....Of course, they are known for those huge slushy drinks. They're fruity and delicious. I especially like the Bellini and the Magnum. I also liked the Amaretto....but it seems like they've gotten rid of that that one. Add a shot of everclear or 151 and these drinks can be pretty dangerous (but in a good way!).  Hang on to your cups so you can get a discount on your drink next time!Don't forget to try out the jello shots too. They're pretty good, really cheap, and huge! They're a steal! This place is tucked away by the Cheesecake factory in the Forum shops. It's a bit of a walk to get there, but it's worth it. The service is always really friendly, and they always offer sample to the indecisive folks. Keep a look out for the $1 off coupons. They're pretty easy to come by :)
5	Came here last year after my boyfriends sister suggested it. I think it's safe to say that every time we come to Vegas, this will be a tradition. We still have our jugs that we will be bringing back. Extremely strong and delicious drinks. I highly recommend this place.
5	Hands down the best place to get drinks when in Vegas. Had to get another luggage for all the bottles we got as souvenirs!
5	Peach Bellini and Mango with an extra shot of Vodka and 151 is to dieeeeee for!  I have never tasted anything so yummy and so strong before!
5	If I am in Vegas you best believe my ass is going to be here :D!  LOVE THIS PLACE.  Luckily I had a Fat Tuesday cup to refill so that saved me $3-4 dollars.  Best combo ever if you like gummy bears get the Bellini with the Amaretto and Pineapple, you won't regret it! It blends perfectly together so you can sip on that gummy bear juice and you won't even know you are getting tipsy till it's too late :P.Extra shot of rum comes in a test-tube like in chemistry experiments and it is only $1 Dollar and we added that to our mixer.  I think the total was $15 dollars or so for a refill.  I can't remember the name of the cup we got but it was the yard cup with an extra fat bottom! Guaranteed to mess you up if are greedy and don't share.Until next time Fat Tuesday you never fail to impress :3
4	SAVE THOSE FAT TUESDAY CUPS FROM YOUR PREVIOUS VISITS! You can save yourself a few bucks! ah... samples. You are allow to try before getting it, aw yeah! Looking for the strongest one of all? 190 Octane ! You don't even need to add another shot into it and it will get you happy throughout the day! If you can hang, go ahead and add an extra shot. Don't say I didn't warn you the next morning. :)There's $1 dollar jello shots, $1 dollar jello shots... man, no wonder this line is long! It is a must to get a Fat Tuesday during the summer, so I hope you are holding onto the cup right now, because there is no stopping you all in Vegas!
4	Order a 190 Octane with a couple extra shots of Everclear.  And then get some $1 jello shots.  Good times.
5	I love Fat Tuesday! Reminds me of my summer home days in Louisiana =) Can't go wrong with a party in a cup...and no matter what flavor, they are ALL good!.
5	What else is there to say. The drinks are always on point. And shots are a dollar extra. But if your nice to the bartender he'll hook you up.
5	fat FREAKING tuesday. YUP one of the places that Vegas is known for. Perfect place for day drinking. It's so goooood you won't even know you're getting buzzed off it until you finish the whole thing! It's addicting. It's like going to 7-11 and getting an awesome slurpee with 10x more flavors to choose from. There are so many uniquely shaped cups to choose from! Share with your friends because it is so humungo! Even if you're getting drunk off Fat Tuesdays, at least you're doing it in a cool matter. Vegas is so HOT this drink is a perfect refreshment! Pina Colada is always my fave drink to get! My friend mixed that with I think Strawberry? and it tasted like Strawberry Jelly! really good! I wish I could go back and try ALL their flavors! Just a tip: If you save the cup you save on the drink! So REUSE!
3	Daiquiris.  Yah.  Uhh...I don't think you could really go wrong here if you want your girly drink.   I mean, I suppose you could go completely crazy and ask for four shots of 151 and get completely schnockered out of your mind, but who would want to do that???At $9 a cup and upwards for bigger sizes, with $1 an extra shot, it's actually a pretty quick way to get completely hammered and have a raging brain freeze.Disappointed here?  well, I was actually hoping to be at the Fat Tuesday "bar" instead of this place when I heard about it.  But heck... make do with what ya got, eh?
5	The most economical way to get wasted in Vegas.Buy a drink and pour some extra vodka on the top.Also, they have $2 shots which are a nice little way to kick off the night.Plus walking through the Forum Shops is a nice walk.
4	This place was great, wifey and i were intoxicated all week long!! They let patrons keep their cup and every time they come back the drink is only five dollars!! I mean these drinks are top shelf!!
5	I tried Fat Tuesday for the first time last thursday since I just turned 21 and let me tell you I was messed up with that extra shot of 151 but I LOVED it! I can't wait to come back and try some more! I love FAT TUESDAY!!! (:
5	Man why can't we have one in SoCal!!!!       Ok if we did I'd be a hardcore alcoholic. Yes I could make slushy alchi drinks myself BUT im lazy and I wouldn't make them as good :p  I went to this spot about 6 times I think LOL. Dean (I think that was his name) was the nicest bartender we had. He had personality plus! I just love the different combos of drinks you can do and only a DOLLAR for a SHOT!!!! SCOOOOOOORE!I wish they had this in Cali!
2	I went here expecting the same drinks that they have in the BIG EASY ....NOT! I guess if you are already hammered everything taste good to you. I was disappointed. I ask if they could make the famous SOLIDER SLIM  that is a hit in New Orleans the guy was like"what's that"?? Really are you kidding me??  I explained that it is 1. Jungle Juice2. Octane 1903.  hipnotic Oh Yeah that will set you up for the night. They were like we are better but they failed to come up with something thing that would shake me up for the night, so I just walked into the MGM and order a couple of Rounds of Grey goose with sprit on the side and that did it for me.You guys should spice of your drinks a little, a little change is always good!!!
5	Peach Bellini! It's my favorite drink!!!!!
5	LocationOn the ground floor, called "The Underground", of the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino.  It's kind of secluded unless you know to go downstairs or you're walking to the parking garage.  Other than a generic Las Vegas-themed gift shop and some of other knick-knack stores, there's nothing else downstairs (in my opinion).AtmosphereIt's a walk-up bar.  No atmosphere to behold.  It's a little dark in The Underground.  There are stools to sit down in if you don't want to take your drink to go.ServiceIt's a walk-up bar, so service is very quick.Food/DrinkFood is N/A.  But, the drinks are the bomb!  Whenever I go to Las Vegas, the FIRST thing I do is go to Fat Tuesday, preferably the one in The Underground at MGM, and order a Octane 190 yardstick frozen margarita with an extra shot.  This drink definitely starts the trip off on a great note!
1	Only thing I have to say is I come from South Florida.  Both the Key West Fat Tuesdays and the Fort Lauderdale Fat Tuesdays have the amazingness that is the Fat Tuesdays Koozie Cup.  This place did not.  Thus, no business for them.  #fail #FatTuesdaysEpicFail
5	Came here with three others around midnight on Friday after watching Blue Man Group. The bartender/server was really friendly and gave us tips on mixing the flavors and let us all try everything without getting impatient. We decided on getting the Mangoberry (Mango + Strawberry) in the giant literally yard-long cup in the back. It was $36 full, $25 for refills - 100 oz! Super tasty; shared between the four of us we could barely taste/feel the booze, so probably next time we'd add a couple extra shots. Heads up that it's super inconvenient to carry, but entertaining at the same time :)
4	You can't stay at vegas without getting a drink at Fat Tuesday. From their pina colada to their push up drink, the slushes here are always satisfying. Just a heads up though, the drinks at the PH location seem to be less strong so you might wanna add a shot, or 2, or 3 to it if you actually intend on walking around the strip or the miracle mile tipsy (or happy)  :)
5	If you are a fan of Fat Tuesday like me not only do you get the yard but you defintely keep them from every city you visit for the REFILLS!!! I like the strawberry mango margarita mix, the OCTANE for my partying times and the regular margarita. Next time I go i might try something new!!! EITHER WAY it does the body right!! Next thing you know you are smiling, walking around the Strip or even the Mall with your drink in your hand enjoying Viva Las Vegas. I love it. And since I only go to vegas in the summers it almost seems even more sinful to Not stop at a Fat Tuesday.
5	It's a fantastic place to get drunk off cheap drinks. The entire staff is friend and willing to wait for you to decide on what frozen slushy you want.
4	I always have an adventure when I am drinking during the day-time (refer to: mimosas and BTC)Fat Tuesdays-- I never asked the bartenders why the bar is called Fat Tuesdays.. so I googled it!Apparently Fat Tuesdays is English for Mardi-Gras, which is a total party-go-hardy event in New Orleans before Ash Wednesday. Anyway it is basically a huge pipe, funnel shaped bottle of margaritas. There are a variety of flavors which you can mix. My favorite was Pina-Colada mixed with Peach Bellini (some champagne). I had a 32 oz. And I don't like my drinks getting water-y or holding onto a drink. My friends and I finished ours pretty fast. After you drink it you feel fine, but this shizz doesn't hit you until later. When I was getting ready to go out. It took me like 30 minutes to draw on my eyebrows--not cute at all. I was struggling like no other! Delicious but deadly, drink with caution. But you are in Vegas--Do as you please!
5	Saying I love this place is an understatement. Their slushies are ridiculously alcoholic in the best way possible. I get one of these a day during every Vegas trip!Get the Big Stick mix (it tastes JUST like you remember it when you were in elementary school...plus booze) and make sure to get an extra shot or two or four. And save your yardstick for a little discount when you're back in town!
5	This place is the best for slushie in Vegas!! Summer time baby come here Twice or three times a month and always gotta get a slushie from Fat Tuesday  :D
5	There are several Fat Tuesday's locations on the strip, I always try to map out the closest for "emergency margarita situations." Just in case. I really only drink when I am in Vegas, so when I am there, I want a good, fun drink that will give me a decent buzz. Fat Tuesday's does the trick! I usually order the 20oz (I am a lightweight) with an extra shot. I love the high octane, although the bar tender talked me into the fruit punch last time and it was pretty good. Fun, affordable, and tasty. You CAN'T go wrong.
5	For my last Vegas trip (two weeks ago), I got into town really early. Like at 8am haha. I was sad that Fat Tuesday doesn't open until 10am. So I decided to get other drinks before it and waited for 10am to come so I can get a Fat Tuesday. I'm a small girl and usually only get the yard size with an extra shot for $14. Super cheap :). Yum yum yum! My favorite favor is the blue one! I can't remember the name right now but it's so good! Highly recommended! If you are not sure what flavors to get, ask them for some samples :). I love the superman combination!! The hurricane flavor is also good too!I usually get about two fat Tuesdays a day because it's so good and I love just being able to walk the strip and drinking it. This is the number one place you must go to before you leave Vegas! For anyone that leaves Vegas without trying a Fat Tuesday, OMG.. You're really lame! :)Oh also! My favorite location is inside planet Hollywood. :) Now! Go to Vegas and buy one! :)
4	Fat Tuesday is located in Planet Hollywood and you will know you are around when you see people carrying these colorful tall slender cups filled with alcoholic drink/smoothie. I am not a huge fan of alcohol so I was hoping that these fruity drinks would taste more fruity than usual. Nope you will still taste the alcohol so it sucked on my part. My friends loved it though because it was super fruity and it them buzzed. My friend and I split the strawberry daiquiri and she ended up drinking most of it. If I liked alcohol, then I would loveeee this place. My friend and I also wanted to get jello shots because never had any and it seemed like Vegas would be the best place to pop our jello shot cherry haha. They are a dollar each and have whip cream on top. We also hoped that the jello shots wouldnt taste like alcohol but would go right through us, but we were wrong. The shot was pretty big and it took two gulps to finish. I didnt know such a jello shot could have that much alcohol and be that strong. The whip cream isnt necessary so I wouldnt get it.**TIPS**1) Get the tall skinny cup. They are always so fun to slirp.2) Save your cup for the rest of your trip because it makes refills $4 cheaper!3) Enjoy!
4	Love there drinks great value for what you get. Make sure you get tha extra shot!
5	There are several Fat Tuesday locations on the Strip, however my review is on the MGM Grand Fat Tuesday's in particular :) ... which I obviously love! In relation to their self parking garage, as soon as you enter the hotel through the Underground, Fat Tuesday's is there to greet you before heading up to the main hotel lobby and casino floor. They just expanded the bar area so there is more seating room on both sides of the cashiers. You can't go wrong with their drinks. Whether you've heard of their enormous yard size cups and made a mission to try one of those, or if you're just looking for cheap & delicious shots to start your night, they have them both. In previous visits, I would always just get a $1 Jello shot and maybe a mix drink. The jello shots aren't that strong (in my opinion) but for only a dollar, you still can't beat the price. The bartenders are good with suggesting which flavors are the best depending on the type of  taste you're looking for, and you can add an extra shot (or 2) to your mix drink as well. I recently discovered their $1 mother puckers, which is basically Everclear in a long, skinny, tube-like glass. Ha! What I like though, besides the ridiculous low price, is that instead of just offering either a lemon or lime to chase it with, you can get a small sample of one of their flavored slushes to use as a chaser as well. Definitely a must do during your Vegas stay and for locals as well. If this location doesn't work for you, there are other locations at Planet Hollywood, Mandalay Bay, Caesars Palace, and Stratosphere. Drink up and enjoy!
4	I've been to vegas a ton of times and I have NOT tried the typical fat tuesdays yard! So we finally did. When it was our turn in front of the line, I asked if we could mix flavors. The guy said no. I was SO medicated that I believed him. He said he was joking. WELL VERRRRY FUNNY! I mixed the strawberry and the coconut. Delish. I also got the extra shot for $1. The hubs got the fatter yard, altogether it was almost $40. Refills are $10 I think. There's a guy/bouncer who's job is to check id's before you place your order. Try asking for a lid. We didn't.... but we realized that any sized lid cap will do. I mean, not small or large... but, you know, the regular sized lid cap.
4	What's a Vegas trip without a classic Fat Tuesday.. right?!My friend actually had a leftover cup from the day before so I just rinsed it out and got a refill for $14 (highly recommend saving the cups). According to my group the only flavor worth getting is the Strawberry-Mango and I can vouch that it was pretty delicious! The girl at the counter confused me and asked if I wanted an extra shot after she had already decided she was going to put one in.. so I ended up with two extra shots of 151 in my Fat Tuesday. Don't wait til the end to release them!!! The capsules aren't only really hard to pull out but your drink will be ruined if you wait...It's fun carrying it around and getting a buzz while walking the strip, definitely check it out!
5	Fat Tuesday is very hard to resist when you're in Vegas and it's the best when it's super hot. And it's pretty cheap and $10 refills and $1 for extra shot c'mon now.
5	5 starts no doubt about it!!! May I just say freaking FABOULOUS place!! Very convenient location too! $1 Jell-O shots are by far the best I have tried while my visit to Vegas, just had to have them everytime we passed by and that was basically all the time we were there since our hotel was right inside the mall a few steps away from it! Staff was just fab! Love it and cant wait to go back to pay them a visit!
5	Nothing was wrong with this place.I just hope I'm not the only one who gets drunk off this half-yard daiquiri...PS: Maybe I just needed to eat my breakfast.
4	One of my favorite places since moving to vegas. everytime i go out to a concert or anywhere on the strip i stop at fat tuesdays first n get a drink which last me all night so only end up spending 14 dollars on drinks instead of buy drinks here n there. i always keep my same cup rinse it out and put in in my trunk because i never know when im going on the strip lol. which saves me about 4 dollars. i always get the pain in the ass with two shots of red berry bacardi. most of the time i dont make it to the bottom but when i do those two shots at the bottom usual takes me from buzzed to drunk lol.
5	Adios motherfucker.
5	Man that 190 Octane and Pina Colada is the business!!!!!!!! One for me and I'm good!!!!
4	Slurpy for the adults, inside Planet Hollywood! So many flavors to try and we opt for the 190 Octane PLUS added three extra shots. It's yummy and deadly all combined. One big one for a party of five =)
2	It wasn't as good as I expected. I ordered a 32oz Pina corlada and it tasted just okay.
5	Large variety of flavors, and even gives samples. They're all pretty tasty and I believe they have 6 locations and one more in the works! They're practically adult drinks with a childhood twist. They're so ridiculously good. I'm back in Cali and miss it so much. Fat Tuesday withdraws haha
5	I'm a fan of the drink, and I'm a fan of the value. Fat Tuesdays is my go-to place for some frozen drinks at the Strip.
5	If you are of legal drinking age, a visit to Fat Tuesday should be a given on any Vegas trip.  Walking around the Strip with an oversized frozen alcoholic beverage is somewhat liberating! I have tried the Hurricane mixed with Mango and the Bellini, and both had their delicious merits.  Mix to your heart's content!  However, you HAVE to get the extra $1 shot(s) if you want your drink to be more...fun.  I am a lightweight and just drinking the normal half yard without additional shots did next to nothing except make me feel really bloated.  It's always a good idea to save your cup, because you can refill it for a few dollars cheaper at any Fat Tuesday.  I keep on wanting to take them home but they always end up getting lost...
5	Get a 190 octane with the extra shot-dont buy any of the other fruity flavors if youre trying to get your drink on. It seems expensive at fist, but well worth your money (more buzz for your buck than any other slushie station). Any of the Fat Tuesday locations are great to visit.
4	Want a delicious adult slurpee?? Go to Fat Tuesdays!! Sure, they have other slushie like drink spots in Vegas, but Fat Tuesdays have the best flavors! If you're looking to really get drunk I recommend any of the drinks with "Octane" in the flavor. It will definitely get you feeling tipsy. I usually have the yard drink. It's a lot of sugar and alcohol for $14 and you can add extra shots for $1! Fat Tuesdays can be found at at least 5 other locations! If you're in Vegas for a couple days and have saved you're cup you can go back and get a refill. It will only save you about $3, but you're in the City of Sin! Put those $3 into a slot machine and cross your fingers!The drinks can get you pretty intoxicated so be careful, but you're in Vegas! So enjoy!
5	I barely turned 21 few months ago and Halloween weekend was my first time in Vegas being 21! And damn let me tell you, Fat Tuesday is the spot to be at when visiting Vegas!! I bought the $14 yard long and got the Bellini flavor which was champagne with peach something. At first I was drinking it and I was like "ok this pretty good but i taste no alcohol"..........*****30 MINUTES LATER: ME: "OK FUCK IM BUZZIN HARD"****' HAHAHA, these drinks creep up on you pretty damn good! But it was well worth the $14. I think they charge a few dollars for an extra shot too. Next time i come to Vegas i'll add that extra shot lol. I also like how the workers dressed up on Halloween and they even let me and my friend try samples of various flavors! well worth the money for sure!!!
5	Hooray 4 fat Tuesdays!!!  I usually go 2 this bar wen I want a quick buzz...  Go in & get my Jell-O shots w whip cream along w some mother pucker tooters & go enjoy the rest of my Vegas trip, all under $10!!!  These lil things r strong!!!  The slushies look good but I don't think I'll b able 2 finish it & besides, I don't wanna end up drunk & sick!
5	Words cannot express my love for Fat Tuesday!  I drank 190 Octane w/ Strawberry or Mango w/ an extra shot all 5 days that I was in Vegas (also tried the 44 Magnum, but it was a little too sweet for my taste) and totally got my money's worth!  Cheap, F's you up pretty good, and they're all over the place!  I LOVE FAT TUESDAY!
4	I love Fat Tuesdays and this location was pretty great.  It's inside MGM Grand and there was a shorter line than the others that I have been to, granted it was really cold out....The cold was still no reason to skimp out on Fat Tuesdays fun.  I always pack my Fat Tuesdays mug with me every Vegas trip so I can get the cheaper refills.  Service is great and of course they never let you leave without asking you if you want an extra shot for $1- SURE why not?!  Fat Tuesday I miss you already!
5	Fat Tuesday is great for getting a quick buzz. Not too quick though or you'll get a brain freeze! You could always add shots and get more than a buzz.The one Underground at the MGM was great. Try avoiding the one in Caesars Place., its such a long walk!! And the one on the strip next to Harrah's is  pretty decent. There's other locations but these are the ones I went to :)
5	When I went to Las Vegas when I was 10, I distrinctly remembered people walking around with these 'giant ass margaritas'.Well, now that I'm 21, I was able to try one! Or two. These things are amazing. I got the 24 oz. souvenir cup. And you get a couple bucks off when you get a refill, which is pretty awesome. They have plenty of flavors, and you can mix them. I got Strawberry with Blue Raspberry one night, and then the Hurricane with Blue Raspberry the next.What's really great about these things is, if you take a few shots at your room before you go out, and then you get one these, they keep you at that perfect, consistent yet slowly intensifying buzz. It's so fun strolling the strip at night drinking one of these!I couldn't imagine getting one of the bigger ones!!
5	Vegas requires a big yard to carry around as you're going about your day and this is the perfect place to get it. Get the extra shots...but even then the drink is weak...although it is delicious. The service is friendly and fast.
5	FAT TUESDAAAAAYS! Are a must whenever I go to Vegas (:It's very inexpensive and can get your pretty much turnt up for the rest of the night haha. I went two three different locations, first one was at Caesars and I was pretty disappointed that they actually closed really early. Also, the fact that it's just a small booth, not like the ones in other hotels. Overall, you can't go wrong with the size right?After that, we went to the one in Harrah's, love love love! It was completely packed, but the staff and everyone were very nice and never rushed you. But, I would have to say my favorite location is the one located in the MGM, they have other flavors and it's a little bit bigger compared to the other ones I've been to. I'll be def coming back, no questions asked lol.Plus, you can add an extra shot for $1 (I always add grey goose in mines (: ) & jello shots for $1 only too. Worth it!
3	I have started this horrible obsession with "needing" at least one trashy drink out of a souvenier cup when in Vegas.This time, Fat Tuesday won me over with their huge champagne bottle.They gave me a few samples, all weren't quite right, so we went with the octane and strawberry.Not the best, kind of a powdery taste, but the bottle rocks, the service was great, the price fair for how long it lasted us and I have another souvenier for my kitschy little collection at home.Won't be back to Fat Tuesdays but Yeahhh  for frozen margaritas in Vegas!
5	This was one of the first things I saw when I was walking into MGM Grand from the parking lot! The fatty in me wanted to try every single flavor, but since they were nice enough to let us taste them first, we went with the Bellini Slushy! OMG that thing is so good yet so painful! It's so good you want to guzzle it down but of course you're in massive pain with a brain freeze! I love this!!!
3	Drink was deliciousssssssss! I got the 100 Oz. yard with mango flavor and I was good for the rest of the night!!! The reason why they get a 3 star tho is because the older man who made our drinks was very rude.
5	Stumbled upon Fat Tuesday when we were shopping at Caesars and fell in love. Instantly my Vegas trip was MADE - sucked I didn't find it until the last day, but when we go back Fat Tuesday will be my FIRST drink stop! :)
5	Love this place! They are all over the strip my personal favorite one is in the Planet Hollywood mall. I usually just get the $1 mother pucker shots (everclear and pucker) they give it to you in a medical vial. Yeah seriously. Best pre-game shot you can ever do. Definitely check it out whenever you see one.
5	It will get you f*** up! Make sure you get the biggest yarder cup with a $1 everclear shot. Save the cup, you get refills for a cheaper price. You can even re-use the cup for your own mixed drink while you walk the strip!
5	this place is my MUST in vegas! loooove it!
5	Super awesome if you're around for a couple of days. I split the yard-long, 100z drink ($36) with 3 other people. We got 2 refills ($25 each). It comes out to less than $10/person, which is super worth it if you consider what you'll at other places. They have a list of popular combinations, which can inspire you. Our favorite mix was strawberry with pina colada. We also got peach bellini with pina colada, which strangely tasted like watermelon. Also, our last one was Banana, Octane and Strawberry, which was pretty sweet, but super strong. You can also get additional shots or jello shots for $1 each, which is ridiculous.Definitely a place to stop by, even if you just need a couple of shots. :]
3	I love Fat Tuesday drink but I'm giving this location a 3 star review because the service was bad. Guy looked like he was miserable and made it clear he was annoyed. We didn't give him reason to be so his attitude was uncalled for. Other than that, our drinks were good and definitely got us feeling tipsy.
5	Fat Tuesday... Went here for the first time to take a friend to get a yard drink and it lasted us for the whole night. Got the Hurricane with 3 extra shots and we were pretty much buzzed all night... LOLIt cost a pretty penny though... I think we paid $42 for the two drinks... I really can't remember... we were both a bit buzzed coming into Vegas. HahaThe guy helping us was really nice. This was for the location at the Underground in MGM Grand. He was nice enough to take our picture and things... But yes... drinks here will leave you faded for a while. ;)
4	Fat Tuesday is perfect for a chilled drink to carry around the blazing hot Las Vegas Strip. I tried the lemonade mixed drink and the Cat 5 Hurricane, both are really tasty, but the lemonade one might be slightly better. This is a must-try for party time!
4	This place is definitely a must when you go to Vegas. I'm taking off one star because it's so cold which results in brain freeze and it's extremely filling which makes you feel bloated.The first day, my friends and I had the 190 Octane and a strawberry peach mix. The Octane was really strong and the strawberry peach was not strong at all. I definitely got a good buzz from the Octane. You pay based on how big you want it to be and refills are a little cheaper. It's $1 more to add an extra shot which doesn't come out until the end so the bottom is also super strong. Jello shots which I haven't tried yet are $1 each!
4	The only daquiri place worth going to in Vegas. Prices appear to be expensive, but this isn't the watered down booze found in other daquiris. This is the real deal, and the sizes are huge. Extra shots and jello shots are $1 a pop. Get a designated driver or plan for a cab, and try out the Orange Octane 190, or as I call it, Orange Flavored Booze Slushy.
5	When I was little I would always be excited when my parents buy me ICEEs/Slurpees!! And a FAT TUESDAY is basically an adult version!!!! The first time I went to Vegas when I was 21, I got the yard-length fat tuesday, but I got really annoyed of holding it after a while... and also it would melt and become less enjoyable... So I recommend the Yard Dog, which is the 32oz size for $14. This is large enough for you to be preoccupied with a while... The refills are only $11. On Saturday evening I got my Yard Dog with Bellini, Cat 5 Hurricane and Eye Candy... with 5 shots of 151 ($1 per additional shot). I was really happy with the bottom of the drink because it was just peachy, but then I was less happy when I got to the Cat 5 Hurricane. I usually like fruit punch, but I felt like this was too syrupy... and then Eye Candy is suppose to taste like a blue raspberry, but I think my 151 messed it up... I think the 151 melted my Fat Tuesday too fast... it got to a point where I just took the shots out and drank it to save my Fat Tuesday :( sad sad ...On Sunday morning I wasn't in the mood to get too messed up anymore so I just got my Yard Dog with Bellini!! Bellini Bellini how I love thee so :D All in all, this is one of the MUST HAVEs whenever I go to Vegas!!
5	Best place to get the most drinks for less! Make sure to buy the longest yard and add an extra shot. It will go a longs way and defiantly get you drunk. Best spot before hitting up the clubs.
5	one of the MAIN reasons why i always come to vegas
5	I had to, you have to, it's Vegas COME ON!You'll see all kinds of people walking down the strip with huge cups sporting the Fat Tuesday logo. If you're looking for something sweet, cold and boozy this is the place. They were really nice and let us try a few flavors before we ended up picking. We ended up getting the tumblers, just because we'd be able to use them once we left Vegas and there was plenty! I got an extra shot in mine but it didn't even need it! This was a great treat that I unfortunately couldn't finish, but I'll tell you, it was still good the next day after I added some ice and shook it up! Only in Vegas
5	Looking to get drunk quick fast and in a hurry, then this is the place for you! But make sure you alway get a shot, it just would be right without it!
4	Good service.. Sometimes  they get a little too busy for the at staff to check on the people. Had a good time tho great people and tall size drinks. The prices are actually decent when you compare them to the rest of the strip. I had about 2 super tall beer here and then kept rolling the strip.
5	I think if you're coming to Vegas you've got to go to Fat Tuesday. Its too iconic to skip out on! I partially have this place to thank for making my first legal Vegas trip ever so memorable. I don't really remember what I got, I think it might have been strawberry and pina colada, it was the second one on the back of the list. Anyways me and 2 other friends split the largest one and needless to say we had an incredibly fun adventure on the strip while sipping on it!
5	I absolutely love this place got me a 100oz great in price for lots of goodness. My favorite place to come when in Las Vegas.
5	Everytime I'm in Vegas this is a must... Two magnum 44 + shot... Plenty to get your day and night going
5	Octane is their most popular drink and for good reason: it's STRONG. For a dollar more, get that extra shot and you'll be one happy drunkard wandering around the streets of Vegas.
5	The best on the strip!  Others imitate, but not one compares to their quality and consistency.
2	Evening Call will get you more alcohol for your money and the extra shots are mixed in as they pour the slush. Fat Tuesday puts the extra shot in a test tube, so you can't really add it until you've already had some of your drink and tends to make more of a mess. You also don't benefit from generous bartenders like you would at Evening Call. Flavors are pretty good, really sweet so hard to drink too much if you're planning on sipping all day but not bad if you just go once.
5	Yum Yum - these are fantastic and the Bellini flavours are declicious!
1	They don't even deserve 1 star. The asshole behind the counter, after already purchasing beverages and drinking them, refuses to give my mother just a little water to take medication. He said "refills are $1 or you can buy a bottle of water for $1". I told him again, we've already purchased drinks, she needs a little water to take medication. He then angrily pulls out a clear plastic cup and LITERALLY put (the fountain water, so it shouldn't be an issue) ONE CENTINMETER in the cup. Are you effing kidding me?! So I told him again it's for her medication and he doubled his serving. This is completely unacceptable. It goes against all laws (at least in California) to not provide water for medication. His name is Jeremy R. He is tall and skinny with very short/shaved brown hair.
5	Saw people carrying the yard dogs and knew that I had to get one for myself. Ended up getting the Octane, Hurricane, and Pina Colada. It was delicious with just the right amount of liquor. Walked down the strip sipping as we go and had it sadly taken away from us when we went into a lounge. Luckily managed to finish 95% of it all. I credit this drink with helping me get back all my money that I had lost gambling that night. Had a hot hand :D
4	If you love ICEE drinks & ALCOHOL!  FAT TUESDAY is the place to be. Had to get the Peach Bellini everyone talks about and for $1 per shot added WHY NOT?!! Pick your poison. The Yard stick was to big, melted too fast and inconvenient so I purchased the $14 Yard Dog 32 oz. Refills are $11 so #YOLO and #NoRAGRETS when you're in Vegas!!The peach bellini is by far the best flavor that I've tasted so if you're looking to TURN UP 0 to 100 real quick, add $5 shots of 151. You will RAGRET it in the morning LOLHave FUN! Be SAFE! & Drink responsibly
4	I absolutely love Fat Tuesday! The bartenders are cool, patient, and give samples before you make any commitments. You can mix flavors and add shots, which I highly suggest. I mixed 3 flavors which were swampwater, tropical punch, and peach bellini. I also added 3 shots of Everclear which had me turnt. The yard dog was the perfect size.-Great place for groups of friends-Reasonable souvenir cups if you're into that- Samples-Everclear shots available!
5	Probably one of my favorite things to get while in Vegas.Pro tip.  Buy one on the first day and just get refills, and splurge a little bit on the extra shots. Well worth your time.
